3	It is a little bland.  At least it isn't so smoky yet.  You'd think maybe they would prohibit smoking here, but no, that doesn't appear to be the case.  It makes it easier to get to the Venetian.  It's operating under the same permit as the Venetian, so it is essentially just an addition.  Same management.
5	It is a bit difficult wrting a review before the hotel officially opens.However .. I have reservations for a room this week and decided to check out what I thought would be one of the jewels of the strip.The lobby of the hotel is supurb. An excellent sculpture and fountain sits below a glass domed ceiling (photo included).There is convenient access from the Venetian from either the Grand Canal shops or by the Blue Man Group theatre box office.The casino seems to be a bit understated for what I expected from his hotel. The entrance to the Palazzo three story shopping area is accented by a one story waterfall.The Venetian wanted to get the hotel open before the 140,000 delegates of the CES convention showed in the city so there are a few things not quite ready as one might expect.All in all, an excellent addition to Las Vegas.Looks to be a super four star rating.~~~~~~~~~~After staying at the Palazzo I have to update my rating an extra star.In the evening, we had come to the room prepared to mix a few drinks.The rooms are copies of the suites at the Venetian - as one might expect. Very plush and all the needed accessories.We noticed while we were out the maid had turned down the bedding and left the Godiva chocolate on the pillows and ...the maid had placed ice into the ice bucket in the room. Small little touches like that exist all around the hotel to make your stay a supurb experience. The staff was most helpful with all our needsThe under ground parking garage has elevators and escalators in several locations making your transition to the hotel very easy. ( not like the mile walk you experience at the MGM from their parking garage)Our first stay was very memorable.
4	Palazzo is niiiice!  It's one of those upscale hotels like Mandalay Bay, Caesar's Palace, The Venetian and Wynn.You gotta have money in order to shop at Palazzo, especially in the mall sharing with The Venetian.It does take forever to get a damn drink.  The bartenders are too busy making drinks for waitresses or talking with each other.  My friend and I had to flag down 3 bartenders before we were finally given attention.  So sorry that I don't look like Trump before getting fast service.  (Not that I want to look like Trump.)
1	I tried Palazzo during their opening during CES. they got the reservations incorrectly. The rooms are nice (just like Venetian). The hot water didn't really work.  Some of the electrical faceplates and details not done in the room. The hot water took 15 minutes or more to get hot. Oh, they didn't clean my room until Midnight one night after I called several times to the hotel front desk to call me. The hotel entrance and some of the elevator banks smelled like sewer- so awful! Not sure if it's worth the $400 bucks they will be charging you if you have to go through so much pain.
3	Beautiful hotel, but they opened way too early.  Stayed there for my hubby's conference.  Beautiful, spacious rooms, but no cold water in the shower the whole time we were there, even after calling various times.  Concerns were expressed, to no avail.  I guess they had to start paying back their mortgage ASAP!!!The casino is beautiful and very spacious.  High ceilings, which is rare in the Vegas casinos.  Makes it less claustrophobic and pleasant.To be continued...
4	I was here for the Grand Opening of the Palazzo, and writing a review after staying here...(not just reading what it says on the website) anyways, having always been a fan of the Venetian, its the same.  The rooms are arranged exactly the same way as the suites at the Venetian, and the only difference is the non-venice theme at the Palazzo.They just opened, so still have a few kinks needed to be fixed, but the casino is clean, same dealer staff from the Venetian, and pleasant.  The restaurants are another story, but that will go under another category.  My company is at The Palazzo too!Id give them a few more months to get it together and make some fixes.
5	We were at the Palazzo for the Grand Opening weekend for my friend's Bachelorette party and it's EXACTLY like the Venetian. The rooms are super spacious (about 700 sq. feet) and in addition to the "bedroom" area, there's the little living room space that has an L shaped couch, desk, etc.  Super NEW....everything smelled brand new and I didn't feel gross walking around without shoes.  The casino is also really clean - although there was this smell that resembled the smell of a stink bomb that we kept smelling.  Wasn't sure if we were just trippin or not. We ate at the cafe/restaurant there (The Lux....I think)....reminded me of Cheesecake Factory - extensive menu list and so did the ambiance. Very reasonable prices too. One thing that sucked, was that we were debating whether or not to play craps before or after lunch.....so we figured they wouldn't raise the minimum ($10) to anything higher within the next hour or so.  BUT THEY DID...raised it to $15 by 3pm.  OH well...
3	Maybe I just built it up too much in my mind thinking it was going to rival the big guns like Wynn or Bellagio.  It doesn't.  The casino is spacious but just seemed kinda whatever.  I'd rather just play at Venetian (at least the poker is over there too).  The shopping area was cool, ofcourse not much seemed open but the atmosphere was nice.  I did notice that the music they played didn't fit with the look of the place.  Santana and Avril are good for Planet Hollywood but it just seems like  a clusterF here.  Pavarotti would've been more appropriate.  I thought we'd hang around here for at least an hour or so but we were back in the parking lot off to somewhere else in less than that.  I'm sure the rooms are nice though.
3	I agree with Phillip T's review below.  I had high expectations for this new casino, but when we walked in, it looked average.  Nothing really wowed me, except....THE SHOPPING and THE RESTAURANTS.   Barneys, need I say more?  I also look forward to checking out CUT!
3	I just came back from my visit to the Palazzo and I have to say that I was not very impressed.  I was lucky enough to have been able to stay at the Wynn on my previous trip and like one of the other comments mentioned, I expected that the Palazzo would rival the Wynn or Belagio.  Sadly it really is no where close in comparison.  The hotel itself is nice, but nothing more.  Very simply decorated and nice, clean rooms.  Nothing very exciting in the ways of the casino and I was quite dissapointed that the hotel was open, but hardly any shops are, other than Barneys.  I had one meal at Jade Restaurant in the hotel, and that probably was the best part of the experience.  So, considering the price to stay there and my other options next time, I think I will opt for another hotel.
5	I fully admit that this review is completely biased.  I mean, really, my friend got a suite here for free (yes, that's how he rolls), so I got to stay in a room that was above and beyond "normal" rooms.  It was ridiculous.  The suite was bigger than my house and bigger than my gf's condo (she stopped by to check the place out).  As my friend Alice would say, "Sick."  Beautiful vanity table with free Bare Escentuals make-up, two high definition televisions, a gorgeous couch to recline on, free fridge stocked with all sorts of goodies, it was awesome.After walking around Vegas this weekend and numerous other times before, all casinos start to look the same.  But what sets this one apart from the others is the lobby.  OMG.  I don't know what kind of "perfume" or "scent" is emitted through the lobby, but it is so beautiful.  It reminds me of my Viktor & Rolf "Flowerbomb" perfume.  Very classy.
3	There is just so much hype behind the Palazzo that you can't help but be disappointed when you find out how incomplete it is.  Ultra high end stores are open with designs you can do nothing short of laugh at.  OK, so it has 5600 rooms.  The shopping area is incomplete and the Bellagio and Wynn casinos still feel nicer. Not impressed.
4	We stayed at the Palazzo this past weekend and had a great experience.  We have not stayed at the Venetian or the Wynn before, so I am not sure how it compares to them.  We booked the Palazzo through Priceline and only paid $140 per night when rooms were retailing on the Palazzo's website for $350 per night.Check-in was incredibly smooth...we checked in a little after 3 and it took less than 10 minutes from the time we parked the car until we had a room key.  The room was incredibly spacious....the only negative was our view. We were on the back and had a rather unpleasant view of alleyways and service entrances for the different surrounding businesses and hotels.  Checkout went very smoothly as well, and the morning we were leaving, we arranged for late checkout which was not a problem at all.The casino at the Palazzo is small and pretty basic, so it wouldn't warrant a stop unless you were staying there.  It's nice that it is connected to the Venetian, and there is elevator access to the Canal Shops and the Canyon Ranch spa.  My huge negative about the Palazzo is it was impossible to get a taxi on Saturday night a little before 6 pm.  In fact, we had to get a towncar because the taxi line moved incredibly slow and I think for 10 minutes, I did not see one cab pull up.  We had to spend more money than we wanted for towncar service, but it was necessary to make sure we weren't super late to dinner.  I would recommend that if you need a taxi, just walk over to the Venetian because your luck will probably be better there.UPDATE (6/3/08):I was in Vegas this past weekend with some girlfriends and we booked the Palazzo via Priceline for $207/night.  Again, a very nice experience especially as we were able to get early check-in.  Upon arriving, we decided to check out the pool. Blah. Bad idea. It took us almost 45 minutes to finally get a cocktail waitress to come over despite asking five different employees to send one over. I understand it's a big area, but we never even saw a waitress walk around until she finally came over. Once we got her over to us once, she was good about checking on us continually.  There is a little cafe outside of the pool area where you can order food to go, but I did not find the menu very impressive at all. I think if you have a cabana, you must have a different menu (I think the same one as Tao Beach).  Personally I would skip the Palazzo pool and just head over to the Venetian for Tao Beach.
5	We recently stayed at the Palazzo as it just opened and it kicked ass!  Being that we are 'players' at the Venetian, we were comped a suite at the Palazzo and it was super sweet ~  As soon as we arrived in Vegas, both of us came down with Bronchitis :(   But, I have to say, if I was going to be stuck in a hotel room, this was a good place for it.  The suite was huge and very quiet and comfortable.Once we did venture out, the Casino was fun and inviting.  The dealers were personable and made it fun to play there.  Even though we eventually lost (as expected), at least we had a good time doing it.  The cocktail waitresses were a little slow - but, they're probably still figuring things out as they've only been open a little while. The Palazzo connects to the Venetian and all the shops and entertainment there and is just across the street from the Wynn.  So, if you're tired of the other end of the strip - this place is cool.
4	Thanks to that girl that said to me at the blackjack table to my boss, "boy, your friend is a jerk."And then I told the ex-girlfriend story. Then she understood why I was a jerk.Yeah, yeah.It's a nice place -- the room was roomy, perfectly appointed (or I didn't care, I wasn't paying for it). The WiFi worked (always a plus). The staff is almost overly polite, and pretty much will get you what ever you need. They were actually too helpful, because sometimes I just want to be left alone. ;)A little less gimmicky than the Venetian, which I appreciate because I'm not too hip on those theme hotels anymore. So you get blackjack dealers dressed classy, not in some costume like Hooters or the Rio.They do get minus one point for the iPod someone swiped out of my bag.
4	Being a fan of the Venetian hospitality and spacious rooms, I was delighted to see the modernized version, cute ass decor of the rooms at The Palazzo. We stayed here for my bachelorette party and it was perfect!! It wasn't as busy as the other hotels on the strip, and the lobby had a nice calmness about it. Beautiful flowers, sculptures, and music playing overhead. It was great. Everyone was uber-friendly and polite. And they had an Espressamente Illy Cafe! OMG! I love Illy coffee! I don't care if its $5!!I would love to give this place 5 stars, but...1) Tthere was a hole in one of our walls, where the door stopper used to be2) The front desk clerk said she called in our luggage and we waited over an hour to get it, because she really didn't call it in. 3) Their machines sucked up all my gambling money! One would think their machines would be paying out since they are new, but whatever, its just funny money right??4) Shopping area wasn't totally done yet and neither was the pool.
1	This hotel is still very new, so realize they are still working out the kinks.  Operationally, its a nightmare but the rooms were very nice.  I'm sure if I visit them in a year (which I will NOT, but hypothetically) it would probably be alright.Casino has PLENTY of riff raff if that's what you're into.  I am not.  Hard Rock Casino still has my vote as #1.  At least you expect riff raff there.
4	Great value for the money at approx $300/night for a large suite.  I've stayed twice and both times scored a room on the 33rd floor overlooking the Wynn golf course.I've stayed at the Venetian, TheHotel, Hard Rock, new tower at Caesars, and many others and being at a brand new hotel actually worth the money was a nice change.  While i love TheHotel, the prices are getting out of control, and i feel that the Palazzo room can compete.There are 3 TVs in the room, a small flat screen in the bathroom, and two in the suite, the first facing the sleeping area and the second in the lower lounge area.  The sitting area is the most impressive with a large L-shaped couch with enough space to seat at least 6 and a nicely sized dining table with 4 chairs.  In the corner is a small desk and chair.The hotel itself has great restaurants and is attached to the Venetian for even more variety.  The Palazzo shops continue to expand upon the introduction of the first and only Barney's in Las Vegas. The only downside to this property is that I couldn't determine if it had it's own pool.  We walked to the Venetian pool, which was quite a trek through the maze of the Canyon Ranch Spa.I'm staying again in September and for any other last minute trips, i'll be sure to try this first.  I sure hope the rates don't get jacked!
5	Of all my Vegas hotel experiences this one has been one of my favorites.  Its not the party atmosphere of the Hard Rock but it serves a great purpose.  (Unlike CP or the Venetian its not that crowded and its easy to get around)  Most of the things I like in Vegas are at the Venetian- Tao, Bouchon, V-Bar......but I didn't like staying at the Venetian.  Now I can have everything I want right there but without all the things that I didn't like at the Venetian.  The Palazzo is the Venetian's answer to THEHotel.  The theme of is "nice".  If you need roller coasters and pirates go elsewhere, perhaps Disney.  I enjoyed the casino, it was easily manageable in size with plenty of room for people to walk without feeling herded like cattle.  I was pleasantly surprised to find $15 black jack tables.  The Palazzo is not overrun with children, its less crowded in general and much easier to get around.  And they pipe a nice smell throughout the hotel.The room was a lovely less gauche version of the Venetian rooms.  The large sectional couch works better for hosting friends in your suite than the small pull out couch.  The beds were much more comfortable than its sister hotel.  You still get the same huge bathroom with the double sinks but everything is understated.We had a small emergency when we were there, my husband broke a champagne flute and stepped on a piece of glass....his foot would not stop bleeding.  The hotel staff were on top of their game and cleaned up and bandaged his foot so we could go to the hospital.  The only drawback was the cab situation that Melissa H. described.  Knowing that for future trips I would just walk over to the Venetian to get one.  Also, if you are driving into Vegas the entrance to the Self Park is on Sands.
4	The rooms itself were really nice.  Its a more modernized version of the room compared to the Venetian.  Has an interesting sweet smell of wood in the hallway.... oh yea... parts of it are still under construction.  As for the casino def one of my top favs on the strip, it's basically a big square room but you feel more relaxed because of it and its bright not like it's counter part where its dark and packed.  Def. a great hotel however we tried to check in early and the Asian guy at the check-in desk said no because they were totally booked and there are no rooms open.  Wrong guy to lie to buddy considering we booked the room two days before.  And we tried again an hour later and the girl gave us a room. asian guys i tell ya............
5	Out of all the hotels that I have been in Vegas, This is by far the best one! You get priority at TAO nightclub and they are surrounded by top notch stores. Our stay here was great. We had 15 people with us and no one ever complained about the noise.
4	The Palazzo definitely holds one of the nicest rooms.  The layout of the suites were awesome.  Two huge beds, two big screen HD tv's.  The beds were soo comfortable - it was like lying on a fluffy cloud.  The bathrooms were pretty big and even had a TV.  Only downsides were that I didn't think like how the bathrooms didn't have any vent(s).  that was a major dissapoint, especially since there were a lot of guys in our room...and coming back from dinner was a disaster lol.  also didn't like the hallway decor as much as other places, but it was alright.  The palazzo casino is really spacious, not sure if that was necessary.  I would give this place 3.5 stars, but i'm sure in the next few years they will improve the hotel a lot.
4	Pros: Great decorCons: Smaller casinoIt's pretty nice here.  The rooms are laid out EXACTLY like the Venetian, but just with different decor.  Personally, I like the decor here a lot better than the Venetian since it's more contemporary.  Anyway, we had about 8 people crammed in our room and it was actually pretty comfortable.  There are 2 queen sized beds and 1 sofa pull out bed. The rooms also have 2 flat screen HDTVs. The bathroom is really nice too.  There's a bathtub and a shower. There's also a TV inside too.  The only problem is the bathroom doesn't have any vents.  Not a big deal, just different.As a casino, there isn't really much for me here since I love playing poker.  I have to walk over to the Venetian to play.  It's not that far of a walk, but I'm pretty lazy :)Other than that, this place is great!
4	One word: GORGEOUSPalazzo is still relatively new so it's got the fresh look and feel to it.  The rooms are really spacious and perfect for up to 5 people to stay in comfortably (but i have to say, i was happy that we didnt have to accommodate that many).  The pool is really great but unfortunately doesn't get the early  morning sun so the majority of the pool area isn't truly enjoyable until about noon.  Kinda blows if you want to get your pool time in in the late morning so you can go spend the rest of your day doing something else (like...gamblings or shopping).  But definitely go back when the sun is out in the early afternoon.  The bar's great and the pool chairs that are sitting in the water are awesome. A couple of complaints that brought it down a star: - check in delays.  We got there at 7:30pm. We didnt get into our room until nearly 9pm because they were cleaning.  Seriously? - Restaurants choice.  The only restaurant i really wanted to try was Cut, other than that, it was pretty slim pickings.  We ended up going over to Palazzo's sister hotel (The Venetian) and having dinner a Tao on our last night.  AMAZING.  There'll be a separate review that one visit.
4	Love the room! It was nice. We stayed for 4 days 3 nights. Room was spacious and clean. Bath tub is on a smaller scale compare to Wynn. Motorized blind was not working properly but we didn't stay in the room too long, so we didn't care too much. Slot machines were ok, not too "tight".  Food was expensive but that's every where in Vegas.  Overall, we had a great time in the hotel. But, if you ask me to pick between Pallazo and Wynn, I would go with Wynn in a heart beat! Wynn rocks!!!
1	I am not a fan.  Perhaps it is the proximity to the superior Wynn, which seems to have luxury AND a soul.  Or maybe I just don't like themeless slot warehouses that set their sights so low as to try to imitate a boring Beverly Hills luxury mall in their design.  Look!  We've got overpriced glittery stuff!  With Eye-talian labels!  Fancy!   Palazzo gets one star for the funky little jazz bar next to the Jersey Boys Theater, that place rocks.  The rest of the place is like the Nordstroms of Vegas casinos.  Bleh.
2	If I didn't judge things on their appearance, the Palazzo would have received no stars at all. Thank goodness I was here on business and didn't incur the costs of staying here, because that would have resulted in a huge upset for the company.I arrived at the hotel and was very impressed by the beautiful foyer- large, airy and lots of marble. The casino still maintained a virginal sparkle as the place hadn't been open long enough to have absorbed the dirty remains of old cigarettes. My room, the Bella Suite  was in impeccable condition...complete with three plasmas, a hot tub and a sunken living room. Well... impeccable until i had no running water, the electronic curtains wouldn't close, and no WiFi for a week.Granted, the hotel had only been open two weeks -- but that shouldn't matter. If you're opening a luxury hotel on the STRIP in VEGAS you should *probably* iron out them kinks before anyone steps foot in the doors, especially because of how influential customer reviews are these days. However, being a negotiating fiend, i weaseled my way into 2 free nights at a later date and $300 worth of food comps.Crap, those commies just suckered me into going back.   :-/
4	very nice stay here i like the rooms but i think the wynn is the nicest so far
4	This is for the mall, not the hotel/casino. The Palazzo was nice - the stores again very high-end like the Venetian. Loved the 2-3 story waterfall and fountains. However, I felt it was very much like other high-end malls back east, with less unique flair, and especially since it is connected to the Venetian I was expecting more. Overall worth a poke around if you're in the Venetian, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
5	This is the perfect hotel to stay with your "girls" for a weekend of debauchery. When Jessica and I walked in we immediately thought it looked like the hotels in the Arabian Gulf with its tall ceilings, gorgeous fountains and palm trees.  This is new Las Vegas, baby.The suites are very nice and modern and sexy.  The red velvet chaise lounges are perfect for a that glam pre-party photo shoot, and the suite is perfect for post-party lounging. The beds are super soft and I'm already thinking about taking my mid-day nap tomorrow on piles of down pillows. After party in our room?  You know it!
5	FABU-nothing-LOUS-than-five-stars!!Palazzo, you were so good to us during our Vegas trip! Let me count the ways...1. The large suite was SAH-WEET!! 3 LCD TVs in the room (including the bathroom), one for each one of the Three Miss Yelps. Swank and modern decor. Velvet chaise lounges and sofas in our sunken living room for us to chill and use as fun props in our impromptu photo shoots. The beds were so comfortable, and the blackout curtains could have made us sleep until 3pm if some of us didn't have such precise internal clocks.2. The service was top notch! Our request for extra goodies for our room were accommodated quickly, and a follow up phone call from the concierge was made to make sure we received everything we needed. One of the concierge, Angie, was so sweet and helpful. If it hadn't been for her recommendations, we would have missed out on dining at Okada in Wynn and Koi in Planet Hollywood. The doormen were also all super friendly!3. The hotel is gorgeous! The newest resort/casino on The Strip, it offers the finest amenities, shopping and dining. Nestled between the fabulous Wynn and Venetian resorts, we were able to walk to each one easily (cabbed it to all other casinos, which is usually $10/way). The pool area is beautiful, and if you rent a cabana, it comes complete with a flat screen TV.4. The room rates were a steal! Our 2 queen beds suite was a mere $209/night. Although wi-fi was not free, it was only $10/day. 5. On our final day in Vegas, we decided that I would try my luck at the tables. We scoped out the blackjack tables, and as we were walking by, one of the dealers, Damion, asked us how we were doing. I got a good vibe from him and the rest of the players so I joined in. $15 minimum to play, I dropped down $40. Damion and the other guys at the table were super friendly and fun to play with. They even let me stay in the game when I only had $10 left. The player to my right gave me $15 of his chips to keep me alive when I lost my last chips. I walked away from the table 15 minutes later with $90!! You can call me Lady Luck. ;)
5	Let's play a variation of the "meow" game (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jln8RBjZFiw) with the word of the weekend - FABULOUS - because my Las Vegas trip this weekend was nothing short of fabulous. It was full of fabulous sights, fabulous shows, fabulous people, fabulous food, and fabulous memories. And the Palazzo - brought much of this fabulousness to our virgin Vegas eyes with their....Amaz-abulous prices. I believe we got a special deal since the Palazzo is new - but for $185 total before tax  (imagine that split four ways!) a night, it accommodated the three Miss Yelps and our lovely guest - Kirk very comfortably.It was conveniently located near the fabulous Wynn and Bellagio for easy giganticous buffet access.There were lovel-abulous oppulent high lobby ceilings and fresh scents (a mixture of laundry and a clean musk) which circulate around the fabulous space. (the Casino may be an exception)We adored the phenom-abulous concierge Angie, who was patient, helpful, and on-point with dinner recommendations (Okada was great!).We couldn't get enough of the sweet-abulous door guys who remembered our face as we came and went and made us feel like we were coming back "home" - after a long night of fabulous partying.We couldn't stop raving about the spacious swank rooms with three fabulous flat screens (there's even one in the bathroom!), two big queen plush beds, a living room area complete with decadent chaisses for scandalous photo-ops, soft thick cotton robes, a plethora of closet and drawer space, a killer bathroom with great makeup lighting, fresh scented toiletries, a big tub to soak worn feet, and a separate toilet area within the bathroom - made for group living.Big props to our friendl-abulous black jack dealer that gave us the low-down on Jay-Z and Karaoke spots, while he dealt us (ie: Connie) winning hands.Who can forget the fun-abulous low-key crowd of hotel patrons here, who could care less and even celebrated my Las Vegas Ugg wearing fabulousness.And above all - today when I remembered that I'd left all of my fabulous undergarments in my fabulous Palazzo room, their lost and found rep - took down all of my information, promised to give me an update, and said they'd ship everything back to me - free of charge.Uh can you say - FABULOUS!
5	One of my best Vegas hotel experiences. The room is spacious with a great lounging area. The sofa folds out to be a sofa bed, so if you have unexpected guests, they wouldn't have to be on the floor. The bathroom is huge with 2 sinks, tub, shower, and vanity. The beds are fluffy clouds of softness. Try jumping on them, you get so much bounce that you feel your head's gonna hit the ceiling. The little 2 ft tall divide between the "bedroom" and "living room" makes a great catwalk where your girlfriends can strut their stuff and strike a pose before heading to the club.
5	Simply put, this is a nice hotel. It's basically a non-ridiculous version of the Venetian. And by that, I mean there are no gondolas meandering through the hotel, and no fake sky above. It is what it is, a classy hotel.The room slept 6 of us very comfortably. The bathrooms are huge so that 3 or more people can get ready to go out at the same time. Three flat screens to keep everyone entertained and a fancy table that lights up bottles quite wonderfully.The couch/living area rules, and the suites are big enough to entertain at least 10 people. Your hotel room can be pre party central.The bell person who brought our bags to our room noticed that we went to Albertson's and bought a bunch of liquor and mixers - so he brought us a bucket for ice! Wow, now that was thoughtful.Jessica, Connie and Nicole were two doors away from me. Although they couldn't get us connecting rooms, they at least tried to get us as close as possible which was just as was awfully kind of them.I would definitely stay here again should I ever find myself going to Vegas.Solid.
5	I love this hotel...it's huge and comforable. We have 5 gals in the room, and it's perfect. It's a hotel that is worth paying. We had a really good deal,a nd it's only $300 for the weekend. The suites are huge, and it has 3 beds. two queens size and one sofa bed. The bathoom has a bath tub and stand up shower too. i love this place.
4	Textured swirly carpet. Luxurious dark chocolate tones with creamy white. My kinda decor. Marble and granite and plush velvet. All kinds of wonderful.Palazzo is like the Venetian's little fresh, innocent sister, unspoiled ... well mostly anyway, it IS Vegas. It opened in Jan 2008, so it's really quite new still, the rooms still have a good feel to them.I love these little spinoff hotels like THE hotel for Mandalay .. and Palazzo for Venetian. It's a little quieter, less hectic, less people, less SMOKY. A little bit more personal. Three LCD TV's in the suite, I mean how can you go wrong?Hard to pull off in Vegas, but it givess off the right vibe of sophisticated yet comfortable. Connects to the Venetian for easy access to all of their shops, restaurants, conference center. Very helpful and accommodating staff. Slow wi-fi though, they gotta beef that up for sure...makes it frustrating when you have 30 minutes in the room between meetings and dinner and you have to actually try to conduct some business.Fabulous stay.
4	I visited this place the weekend after the initial opening, but wasn't too impressed, but after staying there, my opinion of this place has changed.First of all, this is the new addition to the Venetian and I absolutely think the Venetian is one of my favorite places to stay whenever I'm in Vegas.  Palazzo and Venetian are connected so you get best of both.  Shoppes, food, Poker room, decor and friendly service.  They have plenty of tables for other games but my favorites are simple Poker and Craps and just tried a new game that will probably be on my list 3 card poker.The rate we got wasn't too bad, $229/night with $25 slot credit, coupons to the spa and entry into the 40/40 club, even though we didn't go.  So overall good value especially when you share the room and there's definitely enough room in the suite to share.
5	In a town where you spend more time on a table with complete strangers than in a room with your family, friends, or both, I find it really hard to rate hotels.  I guess, when reviewing Vegas hotels, you have to look at a much larger picture than just the rooms.  So, in that case, I can honestly say, the Palazzo is the nicest hotel in Vegas.  The casino itself wasn't very big, but just a short walk through the shoppes takes you to the Venetian where you have all the gaming you want.  The decor was absolutely fabulous with a huge waterfall in one of the lobbies.  The Shoppes are easily accessible and we didn't have any problems finding what we needed.I can't speak for all the rooms, but the layout of ours was very nicely done.  On one side of the room, we had a nice L-shaped couch with a fair sized LCD TV.  The other side of the room had two queen size beds.  The room was separated by a small wall and although I didn't totally feel I was in a separate room, it somewhat felt like I was.I've never stayed at a hotel in Vegas more than once because it always seems like I can find a better deal somewhere else.  I've lived in LA more most of my life, so I've been to Vegas on a regular basis.  I've stayed at the high priced ones like Bellagio, Venetian, Ceasar's and the lower priced ones like MGM, Luxor, Monte Carlo.  Out of them all, I like this one the best.  I know I might be speaking too soon because I haven't had a chance to stay at Wynn, but for the ones I have stayed at, this one has to be the best.  I would definitely stay again.
5	the venetian and palazzo continue to be a great choice for me when traveling to the strip.  i have won several times in both the poker rooms and machines.  the staff is fairly nice and everything is clean.  the hotel portion (rooms) are very close to the venetian and a good value.
4	This hotel was so luxurious, large suite and comfy!! It is part of the Venentian so everything is connected and easy to go gamble and go shopping.  The room was decorated in dark chocolate tones and a dark yellow/gold couch that was so nice! The room in only like a couple of month old so everything was nice and new!  The bathroom had a huge tub that was so amazing in granite and nice thick towels!! I just loved coming back to my room after a long day at the a sales conference. The only thing I did not like was the pillows since they were a bit too thick for me.  I loved the 3 TV's in the office area, in front of the bed and in the bathroom!! Place was super clean and nice we had chocolates every night with a turn down on our bed.  I would highly recommend a stay there!
1	The room is luxurious and clean but the service.... THUMBS DOWN! Upon arriving, the staff seem friendly and courteous. Unfortunately they didn't have our reservation which we booked a week in advance with the confirmation number. The person helping us said "hold on" and went to the back. She left us outside for LITERALLY 30 minutes until I went to another attendant and asked what was going on. That person went on the back to check and disappeared. We literally spent 2 hours there while no one was really helping us. Finally after getting a little crazy someone recognized that we needed to be help. They told us there was a mix up on the reservation but they have it now.I told them that they made us wait for 2 hours and they kept on apologizing. They said all they had for the night was a king size bed. I was like what??? I'm with another person... you can't give us a king size bed. Finally after another hour they found us a doubled bed room. They kept on apologizing for the inconvenience but didn't give no kind of compensation for all the trouble. It was such a headache! I hate people who apologize after they know they caused you so much trouble in the first place. If they really cared they could've came and helped us.Anyway... if your looking for a luxurious hotel, just to to the Venetian. It's the same floor plan and its a bit bigger!
5	From the minute you walk in it screams luxury. Had a breeze getting through check in and our request where taken care of right on the spot. The room was more then we expected, I have stayed at the Venetian in the past and their rooms are fantastic. The casino is well layed out and has something for everyone. Had breakfast the next morning at the Grand Lux Cafe.......could tell the server was well over his head with large parties. The Manager noticed that we hadn't been greeted and was very pro-active the rest of our visit. We decided to head to the pool area for a few hours under the Vegas sun. One of the pool attendants was very helpful and saved us 4 lounge chairs as we went up to our room to change. The pool area is nice and still under construction ( visited in late April ). The only disappointment of our entire stay was the lack of pool side service and an understaffed bar. Had dinner @ Morels that evening and had a wonderful time, ask for Jason, he has to be on of the best servers in Las Vegas ( I forgot the back waiters name ) he was fantastic as well. The menu had something for everyone in our party. The next morning, checkout was a breeze and our car was quickly brought to us. Overall it was a great birthday weekend and we will return soon.
5	The suite layouts are exactly the same as Venetian's. I loved staying here because everything was nice and new!!
4	I really wish I could give it 5 stars, but it wasn't completely a 5 star experience, unfortunately.Do not get me wrong, this is a BEAUTIFUL hotel.  The entry with the fountains and the super high ceilings reminded us a little of the Atlantis resort in the Bahamas.  The service is impeccable.  The second you step out of your cab, you are greeted by a friendly bellman that whisks your bags away to have them sent up to your room.  When you reach the bank of check-in desks, there are two people there waiting to escort you to the next available attendant.  Superb service.High speed elevators shoot you up to your floor.  We were on the 39th floor and it couldn't have taken more than 20 seconds to get to the floor from the casino level.  We had some difficulty getting our Jersey Boys emblazoned room key to work, but after about five tries, we figured out how to get it to read the card properly.   The room layout is identical to the Venetian, but with more updated decor and LG HD flat screen televisions in the bathroom, bedroom and living area.   I LOVED the automatic shades on the windows.  Plush robes and towels, decent bath amenities, including bath salts for the tub.  The reason for the star downgrade.  For a hotel that has been open merely a few months, I did not expect to find bolts in the wall instead of a toilet paper holder, smudges on the white cotton bathroom mat, scuffs on the walls, stains on the sofa and MULTIPLE broken drawer handles on the various pieces of furniture.... that did not scream five star hotel to me in the least.I thought Palazzo might overtake Venetian as my favorite hotel in Vegas, but it didn't quite do that.  The two hotels are connected and it's very easy to get to and from each hotel, which is a huge plus.The common areas of the Palazzo are extremely elegant and airy.  Even when there are a lot of people in the casino, we didn't feel overly cramped.  The shopping area was a ghost town while we were there....The pool area feels small, but is actually segregated into about 3 or 4 different pool areas.  Each bungalow is appointed with rattan sofas and flat screen televisions.  There is a walkway that connects to the Venetian pools and Tao Beach.  In the morning, the only pool area in the Palazzo that gets sunlight is closer to the Venetian and right now, you're staring right at building construction and hearing it, too....Not very pleasant.They're still doing quite a bit of construction, it doesn't seem like the Canyon Ranch Spa is 100% completed and not all of the stores are open yet....hopefully on a future visit, they'll be more established and I'll have an even more enjoyable experience.
5	Had a great experience there with my girlfriends. We had a King suite booked, but needed two queens. They upgraded us for free, and gave us a room with a view of the strip. The place smelled great. We had a non-smoking room, and it was def smoke free... no smoke smell coming in through the vents or even in the hallways... It smells fresh and mildly floral everywhere. The suite could accomodate six ladies and our shiznit quite comfortably. We had plenty of space to get glammed up and to pass out. The pools are fabulous, but the poolside service wasn't that impressive. We never had a waiter/waitress come up to us to take our orders in the hour or two that we were at the pool. We didn't gamble... so can't comment on that. We did get treated to free champange both nights, and free dinner our second night at the Mexican restaurant downstairs... don't remember what it was called, but it was packed and the food was delicious. Definitely wouldn't mind staying here again.
4	Just came back from a 3 night conference/birthdayAnniversary//vacation week at the Palazzo.  It was great.We got the 45th floor and the views of the strip and the hills were amasing. Oh I miss that view....:)We celebrated my birthday going to the "O" at the Bellagio and when we came back there was a champagne bottle and chocolate dipped strawberries compliments from the guest services. (Oh I noted that we were celebrating birthday/anniversary when we made the reservation)Overall the room was great, good service from check in  until the day we left.... I called guet services to get my luggage  at 10:20 (check out at 11:00) and they said that will be there in less than 20 minutes.... and at 10:52 they came knocking on the door.... that was more like 20+ minutes!Oh also why is the both coffee shop (one next to elevator and the grand lux cafe) have awful/burn coffee? I am paying $3.00 for a little cup to drink only a sip?Next time I am taking my own toiletries... they all dried my face/skin/hair :) even though they did smell good.We will go back again :)
4	Palazzo was like a a gorgeous date with a broken, blackened front tooth. I had all these expectations after they made so many efforts to win me back to the Venetian from the Wynn, but when I entered the hotel,..... well...... the broken, blackened front tooth.It's nice, and while it appears more spacious and less busy than today's Venetian, it failed to deliver the same kind of "wow" factor that the Venetian did when it first opened. There was just something missing, almost like a beach bunny with a new boob job, but using saggy airbags instead of supple saline implants.The rooms were nice.... almost an exact replica of the Venetian rooms, which in my opinion, are probably the most spacious standard rooms (seeing as how they're all suites) on the Strip. If you like space, this is one thing that the Venetian and Palazzo have raised the bar over even the Wynn.I did like the gym and spa, and the pool wasn't bad, and probably a tad more down to earth than the Wynn. I did not get the chance to dine at "Cut", and I may give the hotel 1 more chance to try out the dining facilities. However, in terms of class and pizazz, I'm probably going to remain a Wynn client.
5	I was just here from April 30-May 6 and had a fantastic experience with my friends here.  The place is still not 100% complete but it's close.  They just have a few details to finish off and they'll be perfect.  The only bad thing I can think of was that there was no Tmobile repeater installed at the time of my visit.  This meant that ALL Tmobile phones did not work in the Casino area.  Very troublesome for me and my friends since most of us had tmobile.  We pretty much had to scour the whole casino floor to find one another or run up to the rooms too look.  This isn't Palazzo's fault though, it's Tmobile's for not supplying the repeater quick enough.The rooms are just like the Venetian's, just a little bit bigger.  I was just at Venetian in December so the rooms are almost exactly the same since Venetian recently remodeled all their rooms.  The beds were comfy and we had a 38fl view of the strip and Wynn which was ok.  Not much else to say of the rooms since we spent most of our time in the Casino.The Casino was perfect to me.  A lot of people complain about the size but it suited me fine.  I guess other people like getting herded like sheep.  That is the main reason why most casino floors are so large with everything scattered all over.  They want you to get "lost" so you end up playing something you weren't even looking for.  This wasn't the case at the Palazzo.  Every table game was in the center of the circular casino which made it easy to jump to whatever game I wanted.  No more walking through wall after wall of slot machines just to get to a different table game.  The staff was excellent.  The pit bosses, cocktail waitresses and dealers were great.  I even got introduce to a host named  Earl who came in very handy.  We wanted to check out Tao Nightclub that  night and he was able to put us on the guest list last moment.  I've heard over and over that Tao will not let you in without a 1 to 1 ratio of girls but I figured since we were on the list it was ok.  Not so, when we got there they would not let us in unless we "picked" up some random girls.  I refuse to stoop to that level just to get into a club so I called Earl up and explained the situation.   He personally showed up at the door and got us in with no wait.  I have to give him props, no wait, no girls, no line with hundreds of people waiting in the various "guest" lines etc.  More on Tao in my Tao review.  The staff at the Palazzo have won me over.  I even had my whole trip comped.  How could it get any better?
4	Staying at the Palazzo was probably the best hotel experience I've had outside of The Hard Rock while visiting Vegas.  I usually don't like staying at the big time major casinos on the strip, but the Palazzo didn't let me down too severely like most of the other ones.First of all, the room was beautiful.  Totally worth the $4 hundo a night we paid.  I really enjoyed the fact that it was *new* and not too many asses had taken a deuce in our toilet or boned in our beds.  Thats the whole reason why I booked the Palazzo-because its so new and still nice...the Vegas grime hasn't had a chance to set in just yet.  But, the decorations are very chic and tasteful, and the beds are really comfy with down comforters and high thread count cotton duvet covers.  Another positive aspect of the Palazzo is that there is a plethora of restaurant options to choose from, and they have a really upscale mall to shop at as well.Outside of the room, many of the other aspects of the hotel were similar to things I dislike about other casinos on the strip.  These include: lame service, senior citizens and screaming children running around, desensitized environment, overly air-conditioned, weird pool setup.  Out of all those, I'd have to say that the pool setup bothered me the most.  The Palazzo has lots of individual TINY pools (I'm talking 15x15 ft).  There were no large pools that you can actually swim in, but many small shallow wading pools that are filled to the brim with people.  And, in addition to the small size of the pools, I felt that there was a severe lack of pools!  They could have thrown in 5 more pools to accommodate the 5,000 people in the pool area.  It was totally overcrowded-we had to pay a pool boy to find us chairs to sit in.  And, the pools were lukewarm-not refreshing at all.  You can forget about swimming-it was like a packed club up in those bitches.  Oh, I must not leave out how one pool was closed because some child "got sick" in it....gross.The reason I'm giving four stars is because the room was so damn nice.  And, we were able to get a late checkout of 6pm for $100 extra-MUCH needed due to our extreme hangovers.  But, after all that, I'd still rather stay at the hard rock!
1	The hotel was beautiful, but my stay was awful.   I only stayed 3 nights, but in that time:   *  Hotel staff came into my room unannounced after 10pm  (I was actually asleep in bed)   *  Had personal items stolen from my room.  I know this happens, but I was not able to reach anyone at the front desk by phone.  So I had to go to the front desk, where they just waved me off to security   *  Requested an air purifier, because of odor in the room at 9 am.  Was locked out of my room (because they secure the room when the purifier in the room) because it still hadn't been removed at 6 pm, even though I had expressly indicated, I needed to be able to get into my room by 5 pm.    * Security took over 40 minutes to come and let me into my room   * And finally, the hotel felt no need to apologize for any of the inconveniences caused to me during my stay and have sent me a letter explaining that the hotel was not negligent regarding the loss of my valuables.I know that others in my group complained about the service and not being able to reach the front desk from their rooms, but luckily no one else had as bad an experience as myself.
4	So I've stayed there twice and both times the service, quality, and just the mannerism of the people were awesome.Yes, it was new, but still, it was bright, lively, clean.Unlike the Venetian next door, where it was dark, the ceiling seemed lower, the Palazzo blew my mind!!!Definitely reccommend if you can afford or if you can get it comp'd, like i did...even better
4	I have to agree with the rest of the users, this place should be 5 star but its only 4 but not far from 5. The decor, rooms, restaurants could make it 5 star but the service is inconsistent and shaky. They need to have a better staff training in the front desk area and also housekeeping, its not bad just inconsistent...ie, the maid would take my towels but not replace them with new ones, or turndown svc one night but not the next..definitely nothing too bad just not perfect like it should be. The rooms are decorated to the nines, beautiful, very roomy and I will probably return to luxuriate. Definitely eat at Dos Caminos....awesome food & drinks!
5	Wow! I cannot think of any word to describe this hotel but WOW!I'm at lost of words describing this place. Just take my word for it...It's grand, luxurious, it's heaven. You'll feel like a princess.i *heart* it
4	The Palazzo is really an extension of the Venetian and it's not a full hotel/casino.  In any case, my friend was able to get a free room here for 3 nights this past weekend.  All the rooms here are suites and we apparently got the smaller suite, which is still around 600 sq feet.  The rooms are very nice and cozy.The casino sucks.  It's missing quite a few games, the sports book & a poker room.  We had to trek over to the Venetian to play so we didn't gamble at the Palazzo at all.I just don't like that they didn't give us the extended check out.  We had gone to sleep at 5am so we needed the late check out, but nope.  They wouldn't allow it.  They said we had to be out by 11am.  What's the freakin difference if we leave at 12pm anyways?  They don't let anyone check into the room until 3pm anyways.  Stingy stingy.
5	I think I'm in HEAVEN..  Well, no... maybe the devil himself has just turned the Palazzo into his official sinful indulgent home..my friends and I would have gladly done his bidding just to stay one more day in Vegas and enjoy the treats of the Palazzo...Me and 3 friends stayed in one of the suites.. three of us fit in the large king bed, and the L-shaped couch in the suite was big enough for 2!  Plus, the shower was big enough to share...if you know what I mean..With four people, we sat ourselves down at the blackjack table, and flirted with "Dirty Dennis" and Jay for 5 hours on one dayy.  I had never really gambled before, at least not with my own money, and regardless of whether or not I had lost the $100 I brought to the table to begin with (which i didn't- WHAT UP!!!!!), we had such a blast!  People were begging to join our table...WHAT UP!!!!!!BUT.... wait!  HOLD UP.... my friend had left Vegas with not just at least $1000 of the Palazzo's money in her pockets but, since she and her b/f spent so much time and $ at the tables, the Palazzo comped her room.. and invited her to stay back next time-- ON THEIR DIME!  I LOVE VEGAS... Either way... I'd come back ANYTIME!
5	Friends and I stayed in the Fortuna Suite at the Palazzo. And man was this place de-luxe (said in my best pilipina accent).There were three of us yet if felt as if we had our own separate rooms -- that was the how big our suite was. In fact, it's even bigger than my dog-house mansion that i call home! ha!Anyhow, expect quiet elegance and grandeur. Expect prompt service. Expect heavenly beds (just as heavenly as the Westin's). Expect the oldest professionals in the casinos. (You know what i'm talking 'bout???)I'm going back this summer -- got a few complimentary nights at the hotel. Yeah!
4	Let me start off with the positive things about this hotel because they far outweigh the negatives.  This hotel is beautiful and definitely a gigantor leap from the Circus Circus hotel that my sister and I were forced to say at the night we arrived in Vegas.The facade of the Palazzo is modest and not quite as extravagant as its mother hotel, the Venetian.  But despite this, the hotel is elegant.  My sister and I walked in excited to be in a real hotel compared to where we spent the first night. We were treated with respect and we felt so welcome by the staff that we felt so special - but I'm sure they strive to make all people feel that way.When we got up to our room, it just took our breath away.  We were given a view of the strip which was awesome.  And the room - the ROOM--the SUITE was Beautiful and spacious.  The bathroom was ginormous! The room came with two queen sized beds and a living area.  We went to Vegas as a total of 10 girls and all of us were so spoiled that we had only two per room, though the room can comfortably fit 5-6 people. The room came equipped with three flat panel TVs - one being in the bathroom.The hotel is so nice that we barely left the hotel grounds.  We spent most of our days in the pools which where awesome as well.  The had lounge chairs in the shallow areas of the pool so you can lay in the water to tan and stay cool under the hot sun.  But get there super early like we did and save your spots to lounge.  I'm talking even BEFORE the sun hits the pools. We were there at 10am.  We rented a cabana by the pool and had our very own cutie patootie cabana boy who we used without restraint (wink wink)  Just kidding.  We were all good girls. I'm sure serving 10 girls was a little high maintenance for him.  The cabanas were equipped with a flat panel tv, air conditioning two chairs, a couch, a refrigerator with refreshing beverages along with 4 lounge chairs in front of the cabana.  The cabanas can be pretty private as we trapped an unsuspecting pool boy delivering oranges to us and kept him hidden from sight with the curtains drawn.   Definitely get a cabana if you go there with a bunch of people.  It's totally worth it.  The pools at the Palazzo are for the mellow relaxing crowd but if you want a party, Tao Beach at the Venetian is just a short walk away.For the negatives - our whole party agreed that the Palazzo may have opened too early. Housekeeping wasn't up to par.  Plumbing may also have been an issue.  Some people got complimentary slippers and others didn't.  The flowers in the bathroom were wilted upon arrival.  In my cousin's room, one drawer fell on her foot as she opened it and another was missing. In another girls room, the handle to the shower fell off in her hands as she turned it. Our room was missing a hair dryer and the iron was broken. On the 2nd day my cousins were there, they ran out of water for a few minutes.  It also took a while for the water to get hot. But again, the positives far outweighed the negatives.  But because there is quite a list of negatives - I would have to deduct one star.
5	Just opened and stayed there for my birthday! Nice rooms, I like new things. Lol. Beds were comfortable after a long night out of partying. Staff was friendly and helpful. I think I am going to come back here soon!
5	My new favorite Las Vegas hotel. My and the girls were there for the weekend and loved it. Decor is great, beds are comfy.There was hardly ever a wait in the taxi line. Nor at the Grand Lux for breakfast.It is far less crowded than the Venetian, which suits us well.All the staff we encountered were friendly, and the maid stocked up bathroom when she figured it was 5 girls in the suite.The hotel is connected to the Venetian so it was easy to get over there if we wanted to eat or play there, or go to the Canyon Ranch spa. At this time, the spa over at the Palazzo is not open yet, but the fitness center is. I will definitely look at staying here again on my next Vegas trip.
4	Overall,  I was impressed.  The hotel, complete with the new hotel smell,  was very luxurious.  This was my first time staying in a suite outta my own pocket and it was definitely was totally worth it.  I finally got to fulfill my dream of playing with remote drapes and curtains ever since I saw Ray do it in "Rainman" when they were put up after they hit it big in the casino.  You're not a balla till you play with the remote curtains.  I eventually pissed off my GF by playing with it so much that she hid the remote on me...oh well.  Allow me to be more helpful by disecting my experience at the Palazzo:Decor - Overall, the hotel felt very upscale and very spacious.  The mini waterfall was a nice touch.  However, and this may just be me being a little picky, it felt like the design could have used more details.  This becomes very noticeable if you walked through the Venetian, Palazzo's parent property.Casino -  The walkways between the Black Jack tables were huuuuuuuuuuge, about 20 feet apart, which gave it a very spacious feel.  Payouts on the video poker were less than desireable.  After midnight on wknds, the minimum at the Blackjack tables get jacked up to $25.  However, these kind of odds and prices of gambling are pretty standard with the newer mega resort casinos.  After all, who do you think is paying for the hefty cost of building these suckers?  Nickel slots do exist here but are far and few in between.Room - My favorite part of this hotel.  I got the Luxury Suite w/ view(this is the lowest tier of the suites).  Spent approx. $280 a night for Fri. & Sat. night during middle of June..  very nicely decorated.  On the 45th floor, we had a nice view of Treasure Island, the Mirage, a piece of the strip and the maddening crowd at Tao Beach.  Already told you about the remote controlled drapes and curtains.  About 550 sqft. of space, living room section, which is only separated from the bed by a knee high counter( I have no idea as to the purpose of the counter), had a nice wrap around couch.  It also had some ottamans, a table with chairs, and a working desk with a scanner/fax/printer.  wireless/wired internet is available for about 10 bucks a day.  THREE...yes, count them, three flatscreen TV's in the room; a 37" in the living room area, a 42" at the foot of the king size bed, and a 21" hung in the bathroom.  The bathroom was very luxurious, marble counter with 2 sinks.  Bathtub is separated from the shower.  Nice robes and slippers are provided for you during your stay.  The king size bed is so comfortable that you can't get on it without wanting to jump on it everytime.  The sheets are high thread count sheets but they could be a little softer.  And the room is generally very clean, but there was a light layer of dust on the table which I made housekeeping aware of and was taken care of the next day.  So, I took a star off for the dust and stiff sheets.  I know, I know, call me anal.Service - loved it, almost everything was a phone call and 5 minutes away.  "Good morning/afternoon/evening Mr. L, How can I help you?"  That was the greeting most of the time I called front desk.  Luggage was brought up super fast.  Called for a humidifier.  Boom, there in 5 minutes.  GF left her credit card in Grand Luxe.  Was able to get it back within 20min of first phone call.  Can't say anything bad about these guys.Amenities - the gym and spa facilities will cost you $30 a day.  A big thumbs down for that.  The person that set the pricing for that should be fired as he will be responsible for the down fall of the contracting company that runs that gym.  However, you do have access to a total of 3(4, if you count Tao Beach) pools and 2 hot tubs between the two hotels.Nightlife - unfortunately, I can't speak much to this as we did not experience it at the hotel.  However, Tao Beach at the Venetian, which is very close is currently considered one of Las Vegas' hot spots with a lot of obscenely good looking people going in and out.  If you're looking for more of a sports/hip-hop crowd, there is the 40/40 club by Jay-Z on the premises.Nice trip with the girlfriend this time, but definitely looking forward to coming back with 5 buddies for some debauchery.  The Palazzo is definitely the place for it.
4	Despite repeatedly telling the BF that it really doesn't matter where we stay, he insisted on staying at the Palazzo.  What's a girl to do, right?  When the man has his heart set on something, there's no changing his mind.We had the Luxury Suite with View, up on 45th floor. Boy I love those express elevators.  Oh yeah .. the view from the room isn't so bad either. :-P   We could see down to the pools for both Palazzo and Venetian, as well as Tao beach; and also part of the strip. :-) The room was very spacious even with a King size bed and a full-size living room complete with an ottoman. Although I thoroughly  enjoyed it while I was in the shower and while I was getting ready in the evening, I thought the 3 TVs (1 in the living room, 1 in the bedroom, and 1 in the bathroom) was a little excessive -- of course the BF didn't think so and only wished there was 1 in the restroom as well.This might be a girl thing, but I thought the lit-magnifying mirror with different light settings was an awesome invention!  It has daytime setting which is the brightest, nighttime which is the dimmest  and  "office" which would then turn on the florescent light.  It's genius!The bed, believe it or not, I actually did a running start from the hallway and jumped into the bed like a high-jump Olympic champion. It was that high and that plush. It's one of those beds where you just sink in, and yet it's firm at the same time.  The sheet's a little on the stiff side so when you move it makes a lot of noise, but it's still very comfortable.The service, now I know how kings and queens feel. As soon as we arrived in the valet line, someone greeted us and asked if we'd need help with our suitcases -- which was brought up to our room within 5-10 minutes we got there. The line to check-in moved quickly.  Staff was very friendly and very helpful with every questions and requests.  We all know the air there is dry, but did you know that you can request for a humidifier? It made sense that they do, but who knew!I'm not a gambler, so I was glad to see that I didn't have to go through 10 miles of casino area to get to our room.And, is it weird to get excited over illy's cafe located in between Palazzo and Venetian connection?  :-)This was an awesome trip. Thank you BF.  :-)It was a very relaxing trip to Vegas. We had plenty of rest at night *and* we'd take a nap during the day.  It was good for me, although the BF said it's a little too tame for him.  Oh well, he can have his guy's weekend out here when I'm not around.  :-)-----------P.S  I'm confused and curious as to what happened with the yelpers who had such bad experience at this hotel.
5	My stay at The Palazzo was absolutely wonderful! I have no complaints about this place...none at all. Their service was prompt, courteous, and helpful. Housekeeping kept our suites nice and tidy even though we made a mess out of them. We had 7 people in one suite and 6 people in another...yet, it never felt cramped in any of the suites. That's good news for all you claustrophobics!Their suites aren't the only things that are big and spacious there. Their casino has wide walkways and feels very open due to the high ceilings. Their pool area is a great place to chill, get a couple of drinks, and soak up the sun. One little warning about the pool area: The Palazzo itself likes to block out the sun up until the late morning. Silly Palazzo, you should know better! So it's best to go to the pool area early in the afternoon when the sun comes out from hiding.One other little warning: There's always a security guard near the guest room elevators that checks for your key card. But don't fret, my friends. If you have a big group with you (like I did), you just need to flash one or two key cards and they'll let everyone through. They're pretty cool about it.I would love to stay here again during another Vegas trip...and I probably will!
5	This place is amazing!  I have stayed at the Venetian and the Venezia many times and can say this place is well designed.  First, there is not a long walk from your car to the casino to the pool or your room.You just have to get the hang of parking in the right place and the elevator will take you up straight the casino.  Then turn the corner and there are the elevators to your rooms.It was really easy for our group to get in and out of the hotel.   If you park in levels P2 or lower, there are two elevators.  One leads to the check in lobby.  The other leads to the casino/rooms.  Guess what, once you check in, park next to "the other elevator" and you will be fine.You don't have the hike like the Venetian/Venezia.  Which is park in the garage, then take the elevator down to level 3.  If you are in the Venezia, take the express elevator to level 10, then another elevator to your room floor and walk to your room.  If you are in the Venetian, go pass the food court area to your room elevator, then walk to your room.The Palazzo is a snap once you learn the system.  You walk toward the waterfall in order to get to the Venetian casino.  Pass V Bar and Aquaknox and you are in the Venetian Casino.  If you are on level 2, walk through the canal shops and you will be in the Venetian food court.There are many non-smoking walkways and also non-smoking gaming areas.  If you are used to a high power shower in the Venezia, the Palazzo may disappoint you.  There is a "green" design to this casino.  The shower is designed to save water.  I wouldn't call it low flow but it was half as strong as the one found in the Venezia and my room shower didn't have the middle spray to massage your back.  The AC turns off when you are not in the room and there is a master switch at the door to turn off all the lights.Since all the rooms are fairly new, they look like the renovated Venetian rooms and have flat panel TVs mounted on the wall.  Service was a bit spotty at times but they are still working out the kinks.No other hotel has suites for every guest.  The pool is on the 3rd floor and a walkway will connect you the Venetian pools and Tao Beach.  To get to the Venezia pool, you will just have to make your way up to the 10th floor.  There is no easy access from the Palazzo or Venetian pools.I don't know why there are so many complaints about parking.  It's a snap once you get the hang of it.  I was here for 8 days and got the hang of the parking after day one.  If you park at the Venetian, you will have to hike to your room.  The Palazzo parking lot is on Spring Mountain Road/Sand Ave.  There is also an entrance on the strip.
4	One of the best hotels in vegas. With full access to the Venetian amenities, clubs and restaurants as well, it really can't be beat, especially for the price. The one thing that went wrong for us during our stay was the check-in process which took nearly 2 hours due to the hotel being backed up and probably overbooked for the holiday weekend, but as soon as I jumped into their glorious beds, I forgot I had to wait. I'd totally stay there again.
4	I had a great experience here especially with 16 other girls.  We had 3 suites with 6 girls in each and 5 in one. There ended up being 3 beds in the room so it was perfect and very comfortable.  There was enough space for all 6 girls in a room to get ready for anything.  Our view was great, it was of the pool in the back and in front of treasure island so at night, we got to see fireworks from their show!The only thing that I would say that totally sucked was the room service.  We ordered our food and they said it would take about 1 - 1 1/2 hour for our food to come!  Plus it was really expensive.  I got a chicken salad sandwich for $20 including tip!  Outrageous I tell you!!Plus going to the gym here is also outrageous.  It's $35 a day!!But all in all, a nice hotel and I would definately go back.
4	DELICIOUS BEDS.    I think I got some of the best sleep of my life here.  Seriously... I know.. sleep in Vegas?  Who'da thunk it, but it's true.  (not that the copious amounts of alcohol had anything to do with it but still)We stayed in the Bella Suite which was enormous and posh but really... what's with all the dim lighting?  I mean, I know people generally look better by candelight and all that, especially if you've got a massive hangover, but I swear to god, in EVERY single hotel on the Strip there's never enough light to put on makeup to go out.   If I put on enough makeup so I can see it in the room, I end up looking like a $20 hooker when I go out in public.   NOT the goal.  Still, down bedding and fluffy pillows galore...  loved it.   On the other hand I do not love the spa here.  (Canyon Ranch) The services are fine, but its ridiculously large and difficult to find your way around if you don't check in at the Venetian side.   Also the product they have and all that are not my favorite.   Bellagio still has the best spa I've experienced so far.  The pool (well, three or four pools) area is also nice...    and I'm all about the elegant nature of the hotel overall.  No disney here.Take the elevator down from the rooms and you're right at Double Helix bar and Christian Louboutin boutique.  Bonus.
5	The Palazzo had crazy cool suites.Suite!!! And everything else about the place was nice too. The casino had all the new machines, all the table games i play and since it's connected to the Venetian, all the food i could ever eat.
5	Just returned from 3 days at  Palazzo. The rooms are awesome, the design of the casino is well done. Service is top notch and bar none. If you're planning a trip to Vegas and want to go the extra few dollars for a superior experience, then the Palazzo is for you!
5	Loved it here!Stayed at the Bellagio after a stay here and it doesn't compare at all. We just wanted to beg Palazzo to take us back, we were wrong to leave!!! The rooms at the Palazzo are GREAT. Plenty of space for people should you go as a group.Overall the property was busy enough to make it lively, but not overwhelming and not a scene.Loved the pool - wish I had more time than I did.  I really liked the sunken lounge chairs, I didn't have to fight for one and there are so many little pool enclaves that you didn't feel like you were at a public pool with who knows what in the water. Also highly recommend the pool cafe Solaro or something like that all the salads we had were delish and really great value/quality wise.Also ate at Morels (yummy drinks and soft shell crab poboy); and went to Eespressamente almost daily for a croissant breakfast sandwich and a Freddo.
4	The rooms are immaculate and unbelievably comfortable.  As the newest hotel on the strip, it lives up to its 5-Star backing.  Though, minus a star for the blood sucking black jack dealers downstairs.  They'll provide you with a steady dose of 14's, 15's and 16's.  I had one dealer call me her "Bust it Baby" and it's not because I look like Plies.
5	I recently stayed at the Palazzo again, this time during the warmer months when the pool is open.  Yes, the pool area is lacking.  It's a nice pool area, for sure, but the servers are slow (sometimes non existent) and the pool is in the shadow of the hotel for the majority of the day.  It doesn't really matter since you can walk over to the Venetian pools (about a 3 minute walk) and Tao Beach, both of which have ample sunlight.  Again, our room was fantastic, with a great view of the completed pools and TI.  Every employee I encounter at the Palazzo is always very friendly and helpful.  Check in was once again a complete breeze, as was check out.  We arrived at the Palazzo at about 11am, much earlier than the stated check in time, and they were able to give us a room right away.
5	The best hotel. So clean, such luxurious rooms and service.  I am dying to go back again.  We had adjoining suites too for 11 people and it was more than ample amount of room!Also they have wonderfully delicious restaurants downstairs, a bridge that connects to the Wynn, connected to the Venetian, and right across from the Mirage Cravings Buffet.  What more could you ask for!?!
3	Hey, have you ever stayed at The Venetian? If so, then you've stayed at The Palazzo. The layout is identical save the decor. If you're going to Vegas to spend some time by the pool, stay at Mandalay. The Palazzo pools looked uninviting and cramped.My friend's sister in law spent several mornings addressing issues with hotel staff, including an additional, unexplained fee charged to the room. The cocktail hour on the concierge floor was sweet and the afternoon tea wasn't bad.Still happily prefer The Venetian.
4	The rooms are pretty nice as you would expect since they are very new. 3 flat screen tv's is quite a luxury. The pools are kinda weird because none of them are very big so they can feel a bit crowded when you're playing in the water. I had eggs benedict room service one morning and it was nasty. It would have been nice for more than one sink area since this was a suite. The ceasars suite was much more spacious. The casino area is not as lively as other casinos that I've played at.I would say the clientele at this resort casino is a little bit older than Ceasars or the connected Venetian.I would definitely stay here again.
4	Really cute and modern rooms with hints of some asian influence..I think the Venetian may be a bit bigger but havent tried that yet, just heard from my friends..We had an adjoining room with 9 girls in each room and that was quite enough..I was a little dissapointed that the bathroom was not as big as I expected..Usually the first thing that gets my approval when entering a hotel is the bathroom and the bed..The pool was a really dead, but maybe we went too early or too late at times so I wouldnt know..But it does take a lot to get a coctail..The waitress practically walked in front of me 3 times and still ignored me with my hands waving at her..Overall, I had a pleasant time at the Palaazo..
3	Maybe I've been to Vegas one too many times but The Palazzo was nothing special.  I've stayed at The Palazzo's big sister hotel, The Venetian and prefer it much more! The Good: *Room are spacious. There were a total of 5 girls in my group who stayed here and there was more than enough room.  The room had two queen beds and one couch that pulls into a bed. *There are 3 TV's in the room, so like most of the other yelpers stated, you can have 3 different parties in every "room".  *We stayed on the same floor as Wayne Brady and he was such a nice guy!  He even helped one of the girls with her luggage and rode down the elevator with us. *Less smoky than the rest of the older Las Vegas hotels. The Bad: *Service was slooooow!  We ordered hot water - granted it was 3:30 AM but it took them 45 minutes to bring it to us.  * Bathroom was small. When we were getting all dolled up for our night out - all 5 of us were fighting for vanity and mirror space.*Who was the room designer?  I did not prefer the purple carpet with the funny design.  Disclosure:  We double booked hotels that weekend and also had a room at the Trump Tower. Maybe it's because I had such a great experience there that I did not prefer the Palazzo over it.
5	5 nights in the Palazzo for a company conference. Fully sponsored. What else can you ask for :)If I were paying for this, I would've still rated the experience as 5 stars. Great rooms, lots of TVs, comfortable beds, great climate control, great bathroom, and easy access to many good restaurants. I've also seen some great deals for Palazzo, where nights ring up to $169 + Tax. I think that's completely worth it
4	I had gotten back from a terrible trip to the Caribbean, but due to work I had to travel the next day.  I normally stay at the Venetian, but when I made my reservations I got comped at the Palazzo.  I was here for two days and it was Heaven compared to where I'd stayed a few days ago.  Beautifully decorated bedroom and bathroom.  Big room.  But I'll say this, not a whole lot different than the Venetian.  I didn't try room service but I will when I go next month.  Had a great trip, very productive, and a good way to unwind after a week of hell.
5	My first 5 strar rating!! If I could, I would give this place 8 stars.I am a tough critic so rarely do I ever give 5 stars.This gorgous hotel exceeded my expectations by far! Outstanding service and plush rooms. I feel sorry for those who had to deal with bed bugs because they didn't ge to experience the true elegant essence of the Palazzo.It was my 5-year anniversary with my man so we only expected the best. Indeed, we received a free top-notch upgrade on to the 48th floor with the view of the strip, and complimentary chocolate from housekeeping. Each room has a TV: the living space, bedroom, and even the bathroom. For the ladies the large restroom has a vanity space. For those who have to go #2, there's a separate room with a toilet. Furthermore, a separate shower and bath tub.This hotel is the epitome of excess and elegance. You will not regret staying here. I was so sad to leave but cannot wait to return.Tips: 1) Beware of the $1 connection fee to use the phone. Local and toll free numbers get charged too.2)  To get filtered water for free, fill up the ice bucket with ice from the ice machine and allow to melt. You are left with crisp, ice-cold filtered water.  If you don't want to wait for ice to melt, just play the slot machines and ask the cocktail waitress for bottled water (it's free)...or free alcohol..hehe!!!3) Make sure to pack bottled water in your luggage before heading to Vegas. You will need plenty of water to stay hydrated and save $$. Bottled water can cost up to $6.4) Low-priced buffet (The Buffet) across the street at Treasure Island about $20/person includes:Unlimited champagne during Sunday Brunch.Saute station where cooks make fresh food. They don't make it until you order it.Generous variety of dessertsEclectic ethnic buffet stations (i.e. Southern cuisine, Chinese, eggs benedict)
4	I stayed at the Palazzo two weekends ago.  When I arrived around 9:00pm, check-in took some time as many people were checking in at the time.  But the front desk was very helpful in explaining everything.  I asked for an upgrade but was told it would cost another $100 a night so I passed.When I arrived to my 7th floor suite, I was stunned at how luxurious the room was.  The bathroom had a roman tub, separate shower, and an LCD TV.  Bed/sheets were soft.  2 TVs, one in front of the bed and the other in the sunken living room.   I had a pool view...noticed that the blinds were electronic...awesome!!    But the reason why Palazzo loses a star is because of the service.  I ordered in breakfast which took about 1.5 hours.  Housekeeping came around to check and see how I was doing, but they would literally knock once and come in.  The water pressure for the sinks was really low even though the shower and tub were fine.However, this is probably one of the most comfortable hotels that I have stayed at and for that alone, I'm definitely a fan.  Hopefully they can improve on their service.
4	GF got a freebie to stay 2 nights at the palazzo.  we decided to have an in-town getaway.stayed on the 15th floor.  the "standard" room is huge.  i like that there is a stepdown living room area.  it's interesting that the flat screen is larger in the bed area then the living room area - they correctly assume you will spend more time in the bed when you are in the room then in the living room.the living room has a yellowish crushed velvet couch - made me laugh - looked like something out of the 70's !!minus 1 star because the fridge was not very cold, the TV in the bathroom cannot be seen from the tub, the light above the tub was hanging by it's wires and the pool is kinda average.  overall, very nice place.
5	I just got back from a weekend stay at the Palazzo.  I've read many mixed reviews but I thought I'd check this place out myself....three words:ooo la la!  When you first walk in the registration area is very grandiose.  Beautiful. We checked in around 10 pm on Friday night.  There were just a few people in line so check in was a breeze.    The two of us stayed in the standard suite with a king bed.  The room was HUGE!  There are a total of 3 flat screen LGs.  This was awesome in itself.  There was one in the bathroom, living room (with DVD player) and bedroom.  Let's start with the bathroom.  The LG in the bathroom is in an awkward position.  Not easily viewable if you are in the tub.  The bathroom has double sinks, there is a vanity area for my make up and hair gear, separate room for the toilet, glass enclosed shower and double closing doors.The living room is sunken and very spacious.  It is furnished with a table for 3, a desk equipped with WIFI and printer, and a super comfy sectional velvet sofa.    The bed was huge and really comfortable.  The room was also equipped with fancy schmancy remote controlled shades.  Opening the curtains from bed is not too shabby!  There are countless bells and whistles to this room to make a grown man giggle (he did!)  Unfortunately, there were a MINOR flaws that I noticed (from some ill reviews I had read before I came).  First, the handles on the various night stands, dressers and armoire were broken/missing.  Not good. Second, there were cigarette burns on the couch cushions.  C'mon guys, keep your friggin butts of the couch.  Third, the elevators made a horrific noise while you were in it (sounds of a struggle going up and down...scary).  And finally, we could not check out via the TV as it was not working.  Boo!All in all, the hotel was beautiful.  Just the right size.  Not too big, not too small.  There are plenty of table games not to overwhelm you and plenty of slots to give you carpal tunnel.  I even got $30 free slot play and walked away with $70 bucks for free!  Can't beat that.I  would definitely return given the minor flaws of the hotel.  The mere ease of the location is well worth the stay.Note:   We were a couple of morons when we left the hotel (tried to beat the traffic).  We drove all the way home and realized that we left our house keys in the room!  I called lost and found around 6pm and got a call at 10pm saying they found our keys and will be happy to fed ex them back to me.  That is awesome customer service.  Thanks Sharon!
5	I rate hotels in Las Vegas different from most hotels because when I stay at a hotel in Las Vegas I gamble there, I eat there, I'll usually go to the nightclub or lounge there and possibly shop there.  I might go to other establishments for anything I mentioned above but it's nice if I don't have to.  Caesars was my favorite before I stayed here.     The rooms are at the Palazzo are big and decor is luxurious.   There are 3 LCD televisions in the room.  One in the bathroom, one in front of the bed and one in the sunken living room.   They also don't charge me for a refrigerator when I ask for one.   It's great for leftovers and keeping my drinks cold because I normally stay for 3 or 4 nights.  I haven't stayed at the Venetian in a long time but what I didn't like about the rooms at the Venetian besides the decor was if the lack of privacy.  If you were in bed with someone and somebody came into the room they would be able to see as soon as the door opened.  Not at the Palazzo.  The entrance hallway at the Palazzo adds to the feel of privacy and security.  You have several choices for restaurants.  Room service is great and you can have them set itup on the dining table.  The hotel map is a book.   There are 3 pools here but one of them is reserved for the bungalows.  The shops here are good but I do prefer the Forum Shops at Caesar's better.  I like the fact that you can get put on the guest list for the nightclub Tao next door at the Venetian.
2	Have none of these people stayed at the sister Hotel, the venetian? Soooo much better there with nearly identical room set-ups but the Palazzo is not as comfortable.We were very suprised to see so many differences between the two, especially on the negative side since this was the newer of the two hotels. My boyfriend and I agreed that this had to be the hotel geared more towards older folks since the venetian has since gone to a younger crowd with clubs like Tao and Tao Beach bringing in the younger crowds. With the Palazzo we found a more uncomfortable bed, a 3 HOUR wait for room service, one of those slow rain showers that take a few more hours to get my conditioner out of my hair, and calling to have our room cleaned...and then they never show up. HA!  Even the pool is quiet and small, but thankfully you can walk over to The Venetian pool as well.Pick the Venetian, it is close to the same but BETTER =)
4	Grandma rocks! This past weekend she got me and the hubby a room here all on comps! It was nice and roomy for us both. Our bathroom was lovely and i really liked the setup. The shades that adjusted by remote were neato and the cool basket of goodies were awesome (hello aveda!) I was so grateful that we stayed here for free. It was a nice and clean place. The comforter was a duvet with a cover! Finally a hotel understands that they should do that so they can just take the duvet off and wash it after a guest checksout! Our view was amazing and I swear I would pass out every night I went to bed and awoke so refreshed. The only drawback is the pool filled with a bunch of douchebags. And what is up with people putting chairs in the pool? It was crowded like mad and was not enjoyable....maybe i act like an old lady even though I am far from it. I also passed on the spa because it looked crowded and had a feeling it would of sucked just like the pool. So 3 stars for room and 1 star for spa/pool area. I know tao is here....but i just find the whole club scene stupid. I guess next time i need an old people place...=)
5	I waffled between four or five stars for this review, but all things considered, my stay was deserving of five stars.I stayed for 3 nights comped here and when my room wasn't ready when i checked in, they gave me a food comp and a slot comp while i waited...very generous.  I've stayed at many vegas hotels (including its sister hotel the Venetian) and this was my favorite.  Huge suites with 3 plasmas...including one in the bathroom where i watched the cubs game while i showered, not often i get to do that.  You take the steps down to the living room with a huge velvet couch and shades controlled by remote...seriously cool.i know some people didn't like the chairs in the pool, but i loved it.  i didn't fry sitting next to the pool and stayed cool for hours (you also get nice and drunk that way so watch out =)).With all that, the fact it was free, and since i made a serious killing at the craps tables, i had a great time staying here...maybe my favorite out of my many vegas stays.
5	I LOVED the Palazzo!As you walk in, the marble floors and giant "ice-like" statue in the middle of the fountain in the atrium give the hotel a certain regality about it. The front desk staff was extremely friendly. They had ushers who basically talked to you as you waited to check in. They were very friendly and inquisitive about our stay there, and they even suggested things to do. From the atrium we walked through the casino and the casino was BEAUTIFUL! It was very spaced out, which can be a plus or a negative depending how you look at it. But, I enjoyed it being spaced out because I didn't feel like I was constantly sitting on top of another guest...I got a little lost getting to my room...(don't ask...I just have no sense of direction haha). When I walked in, I was blown away. There was literally a walk way to even get into the main part of the room. You could practically live in the bathroom. There was a tub, shower, two sinks, and then a separate room for the toilet. The bedroom was connected to a walk down living room area. The bed was VERY comfortable with plush pillows and white down linens. I loved the touches of red velvet and gray suede. It gave it a very "bachelor pad" feel, and I loved it (even being the girlie girl that I am).Overall, my stay here was great! I didn't get to explore the pool or spa. But, I did eat at a few of the restaurants and hung out at a few of the lounges, including the new SushiSamba SUGARCANE Boutique Nightclub. I loved the overall feel of the hotel. It doesn't have the "theming" you see with the other hotels. It's theme is pure luxury, and it is executed VERY well!
4	We stayed for  free for a 3 day weekend and pretty much stayed in the hotel experiencing everything it had to offer. Rather than try to capture the whole hotel in a line, I'll try to break it out:Rooms (4): As many have said, it's just a Venetian room in brown color tones. I'm kind of jaded as I've stayed in many 4/5 star rooms in Vegas (mandalay, venetian, caesars,etc) so I didn't find that this one was all that exciting or spectacular. It was however very nice and on par with a 5 star hotel.Restaurants/Shopping (5): Incredible, tons of great restaurants and lots of great shopping. Shops are open until 11! however, not any good casual options.Pool (3): Ok so as a word of warning.. the pool at palazzo doesn't get sun until 1 PM!!! Ok so you're thinking you might be sleeping till 1 Pm anyways, but good luck getting a chair at that point without paying the pool guys a fat tip. Also, no food served pool side! You have to get up and get your food (I'm a prima donna, I know) and the food isn't that good and WAY overpriced. Also drink service was lacking.. I should have moved over to the Venetian side I guess?Nightlife Gaming (3): High limits ($15) for craps.. no surprise there. Lavo was just ok, but I'd like to explore the jazz bar next time. 40/40 sucks. I did however enjoy the happy hour at the cheesy "del toro" in the basement. $6 drinks ,  I guess that's cheap? At least it had a nice strip view. Oh the sportsbook sucks too.. it's just a window near 40/40. booEase of navigation (5): So this is important to me in Vegas.  I hate walking 30 minutes to my room, or having trouble finding craps,  restaurants, etc. This place is EASY. 1 tower of elevators, everything is well situated. Pool right off the elevators. That aspect is very nice.Overall a great place to stay, but with so many other great places to stay in Vegas I'd save this one for when you get a great offer in the mail. I would especially recommend this place for foodies due to all the yummy restaurants and how easy it is to pass out in your room after a nice meal !
5	This hotel could be summed up in one word Sublime!As you enter from the portico, and you are greeted by a well groomed and well dressed staff you instantly feel dwarfed by the sure scale of the lobby.  With beautiful towers and a beautiful towering fountain, you instantly know that yes this is Italian influenced, but not Italian themed!Having been a huge fan of the Venetian I was unsure what would the Palazzo would look and feel like with out the heavy theming.  I am pleased to announce that it really takes comfort, luxury, and style to a whole new level in Vegas!After a prompt check-in with a wonderful check-in hostess I took my elevator to the 26th floor and was greeted by a beautifully decorated room, and a great view of the strip!I had a King Suite room, and it is probably the FIRST hotel room I could honestly live in!  The whole time I was in Vegas I kept telling myself that I could do Studio apartment living!  Who needs all of the extra room and space when your room and space looks like a King Suite room at the Palazzo!  The room is huge, with a great bed area, and living room area!  The bathroom is the size of some hotel rooms, with a great separate shower and bathtub.The amenities package in the room is great, and after a long day of meetings I really appreciated the bath salts as I relaxed in the tub and just enjoyed the room!One of the great things about the Palazzo is it's location!  It is connected to the Venetian via the Canal Shoppes and is right next to the Wynn, so your entertainment options are really limitless while you are there!The restaurants available are top notch and shops are also pretty great (if you wife is spender keep her in the Casino she is sure to loose you less playing cards than in the Palazzo Shoppes).Would I stay there again.  Yes.  In face I am looking at room prices right now on BestOfVegas.com right now!I have my bag packed and my Palazzo Player card in hand just waiting for my next flight!
3	Stayed here for 2 nights for the Magic Convention. Once I entered my room, I was a bit upset as there was no bath, just a huge shower with no partitions. The actual floor of the shower was shared with the main floor and water seemed to go everywhere unless I was to make a dam out of towels. I called the from desk and they accidentally gave me a handicapped room. This was quickly fixed and they gave me a new suite. The only problem with the new room was that there were numbers and measurements written all over the marble tile in the bathroom.Aside from the initial headaches, the room was very nice. I have a suite so there were two beds and a great living room area with an L-shaped couch. Another bonus was the 3 flat screen tvs in the room. One in the living area, one by the beds, and one in the bathroom.
3	Stayed on the Concierge Floor, but the Lounge is very crowded and filled with kids. Ugh, not exactly the adult, refined experience they promote.Housekeeping is a little inconsistent, but fine.Some parts of the hotel are still under construction, 8 months after they've opened. All in all, it's just OK.
5	My stay here was the greatest ever! I love it here! Enough said!
5	Very comforting! I can lay in bed all day if I really wanted to... But how can I possibly do that if I wanna party like a ROCKSTAR!?!?!Great hotel if you wanna share a room with a group of people. My girlfriends and I stayed here (7 of us), and it was still quite roomy. We also ended up buying a cabana for a day... What a GREAT idea! We were by the pool all day, and it was extremely HOT out. Every time we wanted to cool down, we would go into our cabana and chill in there for a bit since it had A/C. I'd love to stay here again.
5	After numerous revisits to this mecca, i have to say The Palazzo has really gone over everything with a fine comb and perfected it.  The rooms are excellent, the vibe, I just cant complain...unless im losing my ass off at the tables.  I freakin love this place
4	stayed here for our vegas weekend.  it was my first time here and I had a pleasant experience.  the rooms were huge and roomy.  there was two beds and a huge sitting area which I loved.  2 huge tv's...one in the living room and one in the "bedroom" and then another small tv in the bathroom that we turned on when we were doing our makeup...awesome !! the bed was comfortable but our view sucked because we were facing the convention center but thats ok because we didnt stay in the room that much anyway.   the one star off because the pool was really really crowded and it was not as nice as mandalay's pool.  We tried to go to Tao Beach but there was no where to sit and only the bar was open so we left.  I like the rooms at Palazzo a lot better but definitely the pool at mandalay was better.
5	Gorgeous rooms!  Plenty of space.  3 flat panel tvs.  The most comfortable beds you can ever lay your asses on.  remote controlled blinds and curtains.  Impeccable room service.  Gorgeous modern decor.  Gorgeous bathrooms.  And its like 100-200 bucks more cheaper than the Venitian rooms.. Which looks exactly alike!!!!!
5	I loved staying here. I just wish my friend and I spent more time in the hotel room or at least got to take advantage of one of the many pools.  But instead w got distracted by all the blackjack tables, and we gambled away late into the night and came back to the room only to sleep and shower.  The next morning I'd be crying about how hungry I was, so we'd leave in a hurry, only never to return until my friend won all the money he lost back (and let me tell you, it took a damn long time for that to happen!)
5	for a COMP'ed room i can't complain. the bed is HUGE and comfortable. three tv's are a plus. i don't get HD tv at home so i was living it up. the gift shop is pretty pricey, paid 17 dollars for a tube of toothpaste and a bottle of water.
5	I fell in love with this place. The room was absolutely gorgeous. We also had a view of Treasure Island and the strip. TV in the bathroom? Dang!! The shower had clear walls with a separate bath. Oh man, it was just gorgeous. The location was awesome, and the casino was very nice as well. The shops, oh man, the hotel has so many different shops that had my eyes turning, like Barneys New York, Christian Loubotin, Chloe, Jimmy Choo, blah blah blah on and on and on.We didn't try the pool, but loooking down from our room, there were like 8 pools. Dang, eight? including two hottubs and lots of cabanas. We didn't win anything here, but surely, this hotel made our trip all glammed up!
4	I loved the Palazzo.Everything is done extremely well, from the room, to the casino, to the pool. Its the bigger, better version of the Venetian which i also love.The pool has a recessed edge where you can lay on a cabana chair in the water, which will keep you nice and cool in the desert heat. Just charge everything to the room, and you wont have to worry about carrying around wet cash.The casino is actually pretty small compared to the other major casinos, but they are connected to the Venetian so you basically got your choice of two places to gamble. All their tables are on the higher range so that doesn't even effect me. Seriously where's the $1 roulette table when you're really looking to make 35 bucks on 8 black.We literally did not step foot outside the hotel except for some certain night time activities that include many single dollar bills.Why only 4 stars then? Our room keys kept getting demagnetized. So we had to keep going down to the front desk to get a new key. They said that other credit cards, or IDs will sometimes screw up the key, so just in case you should keep the card in the sleeve they give you with it. Its not pleasant to make it up to your room when you really got to drop a deuce and then start to get cold sweats when you realize you can't get in. Be careful.Last points ... its super close to spring mountain chinatown, and super close to spearmint rhino, so save $10 for the taxi ride home.
5	I just stayed at the new Palazzo for a work event. I must say their rooms are huge. Suite style of course! The rooms look exactly like The Venetian so if you ever stayed there, you won't be surprised with your room at the Palazzo. 3 flatscreen tvs, huge couch, separate living room, vanity, etc. My only complaint are the pillows. Although thick and fluffy, it's kinda small in width. I wish they had larger pillows for that size of a bed I had. Elevators were quick for me and I was on the 44th floor. The service at this hotel is great too. Very overly helpful. Lots of shoppes and restaurants to choose from. Easily connects to The Venetian and The Wynn hotel.
5	I was fortunate enough to stay in a huge suite at The Palazzo my last night in Vegas. For free of course. Comps are the best~!! Awesome bathroom~!! Jacuzzi bathtub and a shower so huge...you can comfortably shower with like 6 people in there. Not that I did. Kekeke. And not that showering with 6 other people is ever gonna be comfortable. You can even watch tv while showering or taking a bath. There's a separate vanity section by the bathroom. Oh and Bulgari shampoo, conditioner, lotion, shower gel, hand soap and body soap. Crest toothpaste and Scope mouthwash. Seriously if you stay here...you don't have to bring anything.  This place had it all...you walk in...there's a bathroom to the left and a little room with an elliptical machine to the right. Straight ahead there's a dining table, a couch, plasma tv, desk, the usual...but huge. Didn't fee like a hotel...it felt like my penthouse suite in Manhattan. If I had one that is. The room is furnished with a king size bed, dresser, plasma tv, recess lighting. It was beautiful. The entire hotel was beautiful. I heard the Korean host gives cup ramen in gift baskets for ballers who stay in these suites. Hahahaha.
5	My husband and I stayed at the Palazzo for 6 nights and I absolutely loved every minute. I want to go back as soon as possible! The rooms were fabulous! If you have a chance, go and stay at this place. I liked the gym and spa. We used the spa at the Venetian because The Palazzo Spa was not open yet. I can't wait to see how the new Spa will look like. Everyone was very friendly and I security checked your hotel key before letting you pass through the elevators. From all the hotels in Las Vegas, the Palazzo smells the best. I'm non smoker and I can't stand cigarette smoke. The ventilation system is great because I never smelled any cigarette smoke (except I walked by someone who blew it right in my face.. ). The air in the hotel, shop, and casino area just smells clean and fresh! Love this place!
3	Very nice addition to the Venetian property.  The Palazzo is a relatively new hotel tower connected by shopping areas and walkways to the Venetian.  The rooms are suites which are quite large with 3 flat screen tvs.  Unfortunately the service (especially housekeeping) simply doesn't stand up to the quality of the hotel rooms.  We didn't have anyone make up our room one day.   We also had some issues with service around the pool area.
5	As soon as you walk into the Palazzo, you feel captivated.  Take a deep breath and smell the fresh aroma that roams through the hotel - the soft scent even makes the casino portion easy to walk through rather than smelling cigarette smoke.  Valet service was attentive and promptly brought our luggage up.  Check-in was a breeze and the front desk was friendly and helpful.  We were offered a room with the strip view for an additional $45, but we declined.  The gentleman assisting in the end still gave us strip view, facing the T.I. and the pool area free of charge.  To access your hotel room, you just flash your room card.  When walking to our hotel room, we noticed the carpets and decor which was very chic.  When we walked into our room, everyone was impressed.  The bathroom was very roomy, featuring a full tub and a shower area.  With a bunch of girls in 1 hotel room, it was also good that the toilet area had its own separate door and also nice that there were plenty of mirrors throughout the hotel.  Our room had 2 queen beds and a living room area.  The beds were comfy and the girls who slept on the pull-out sofa said that it was comfortable as well.  There were 2 flat screen tvs in each area.  The window curtains were controlled by remote.  The layout was similar to the Venetian, but the decor was a notch above.  Whenever we called the front desk, they always promptly answered, were very professional, and the service received was quick.  Internet costs $10.00 for 24 hours.  The internet was slow - probably slower than dial-up, but that was my only gripe of this place.The Palazzo is in a great section of the Strip - it's close to the Mirage, T.I., Wynn, and Fashion Show Mall.  It even connects to the Venetian.  This info will serve you well if you are planning on shopping (Palazzo, Fashion Show Mall, Venetian, and Wynn), going to quality restaurants and the better clubs (Tao/Tao Beach, Jet, Christian Audigier, and Lavo).  With Las Vegas always changing and emerging, at this point in time, this is the more trendy area.  Our whole stay, we primarily walked to all the locations with ease.  With 9 girls in heels, everyone liked the fact that we could walk to Tao and Lavo and back to our hotel room without ever stepping outdoors.Check-out wasn't working on our tv so I called the front desk and they easily took care of it.  Out of all the hotels that I've stayed at on the Strip, this was my favorite place to stay.  2 nights cost me $818 and was worth the money.  We all loved it and would return in a heart beat!
5	The Palazzo made me fall in love with Vegas.  My worst fear has come true.  Now I can't stay anywhere else beside the Palazzo when I return.  All my friends and family always raved about the Venetian so I originally had my mind set on the Venetian.  I was going to go there and pay the ridiculous $200+/per night to experience the luxury myself.  Then last minute before we left on our trip my friend tells me that she got 2 nights at the Palazzo for FREE.  I now get to stay at the newer Venetian property (newest resort on the strip!).  My dream is only getting better and better.I was speechless when I arrived.  It was as if I walked into heaven.  I had also been so sleep deprived the past couple nights so my initial impression may have been overly dramatic.  All I could think was I want to go to the suite to see if its really as beautiful as the pictures online - YES it is!!  The pictures really do speak for itself.  I'm not sure what else I could say that the pictures cannot.  It was extremely spacious (700 sq ft), marble everything, two 32" flat screen TVs, a 17" LCD and vanity/bench in the bathroom, double sink, separate jacuzzi from shower, and the decor was just perfect.The pools at the Palazzo were so beautiful too and there was plenty of seating.  Some of the chairs were even IN the water which was nice.  The staff would come around and ask if we would like a cool towel for our face.  Now that is relaxation - I seriously had no care in the world at that moment!  We also checked out Tao Beach Club (at Venetian) since it was connected to the Palazzo.  Wow - Vegas really is the epitome of sin and ecstasy.  Imagine a nightclub but by day, music blasting, cabanas/beds everywhere, beautiful women in bikinis, men with dynamite bodies, dancing and drinking in the pool.  This was like spring break minus the teeny boppers, only the 21+ crowd were admitted.The location of the Palazzo was really great too.  You're connected to the Wynn Hotel and Fashion Show Mall.  The Mirage and Treasure Island is also just across the street.  We didn't even need to cab it when we went to eat at the Wynn buffet and later to Tryst (Nightclub at Wynn).  Before we came to the Palazzo, my friends and I were on a losing streak (a few hundreds) so we decided not to gamble again until our last day.  Either it was our lucky day or the Palazzo turned the table around for us because we all started winning - some of us played tables and others played slots but we all doubled up. All I can say is that the entire stay was complete bliss.  I could not be more happier with the Palazzo.
3	The Suites are nice - very comfortable bed and nice bathroom and luxury decoration as you would expect from a five star hotel.  However, Palazzo does not offer any unique theme to Vegas (for example, Bellagio is Itallian, Casear is Roman...).  It can only be thought of as an extension of the Venetian. But i do like it because it is new and i did not have to pay to stay there...hehehe.  However, i do have to agree that they did not live up to a five star service - lost one of my bag, the casino music is too loud, and the temperature is too cold.  My lady complained cold every time.  The check in is long line. ( i was not able to check in until 4 pm, even though we were there since 2 pm).  We ask for late check out, and was extended from 11am to 12am (compared to 4pm of the Bellagio.  The line man at the reception was quite rude, but probably he does not have good day (too busy).  If you are like me to have comp room , go to the invited guest line, not the regular line - or you will wait for long time.Three stars is for the service, but the hotel is nice even though not thing is exciting and unique like other hotel
5	FANTASTIC!!!  I was so impressed with this hotel.  the lobby is beautiful and everyone was very friendly.  the room...awesome!  i felt like i was kind of in the rain man suite!  so cool!  the service there is awesome.. the guy who helped with the bags was so nice and helpful and went and got us ice!  the bags came before we could even call and whenever we called for something we had it very quickly. the room was huge, couch, gigantic bathroom (big enough for 4 girls to get ready at the same time), 3 flat screen tvs and one of my friends was so stoked on the full length mirror!  One cool thing...the blinds have a remote...i know..cool right!!!   quick elevators...my only complaint was the nutso prices on bottles of water...crazy!  $3.50 for a bottle of crystal geyser or something....not happening!  I will take any opportunity i have to stay again at the Palazzo.
5	Probably my best stay in Vegas, and the Palazzo was a big reason why.  I can only run out of superlatives in describing my stay at the Palazzo.  From the time I checked in, well actually even before I checked in, I was impressed. I was in line to check in maybe two minutes, when the staff apologized to me for the wait!  Tracey, who checked me in, 3 minutes later, didn't rush at all and explained all of the amenities -- she even had pictures of what the happy hour -- with free open bar -- provided.  My room was unbelievable and the view was fantastic.  I could've done without the pirate show exploding at 1 in the morning (okay so who is in their room at 1 am anyway in Las Vegas?) but that's really the only "complaint" I can find with the Palazzo.  An extraordinary stay at a fantastic hotel.  The concierge floor with the private elevator, the shower with three shower heads, the LCD TV in the bathroom, I think I counted 6 swimming pools....the housekeeping staff even helped me find my room.  What more can I say?  Makes the Bellagio look like a Motel 6! (but I still like the fountains).
5	You know life is good when you run into your room like a chicken with your head cut off, sitting in your whirlpool tub and jumping on your king size bed. Oh, I'm sorry, that's only after I run through the separate sitting room, the three walk in closets, the extra bathroom, the side bathroom, and ran back and forth between the double vanity sinks that were fifteen feet away from eachother just to see if my booty looked any different in either of the twelve mirrosr I'm surrounded by. . Yes, this is my second home. I have been staying at the Palazzo since it opened early this year and I'm so comfy in it, I direct people to different parts of the hotel as if I worked there myself. I'm the hype team."Hey, Danielle. Welcome back. Where's your crew? How long are you here for this time? Wanna grab some grub at Carne Vino when you're done playing the tables tonight?" Those sentences come from the many pit bosses like Edgar or Jeff that I've gotten to know well over the last ten months at "home number two". My drinks show up at the table without ordering them, as the waitresses already know me and with pink hair I'm not too easy to lose. My rooms are comped, my champagne is free, and it's so cozy and easy there for me, that I even play the tables and walk around at night sometimes in my pajamas and no one cares. They all know it's me. That crazy kid from San Francisco that comes in sometimes for weeks at a time to hang out, do some business, play the tables, shop, and do what I do best, hit the clubs, like a VIP rockstar I must add. My ciew and I are famous at the tables for being completely unconventional, the best group to sit with when you're playing, and sometimes people just like to come and watch us (Yea 12, holla table love) because yes, sometimes we hit on 17 and I DO double on 12. The service is excellent, it's a palacial setup with extraordinary decor, and it still feels comfortable, inviting, and, oh, I'm sorry, did I say, CRAAAZY OFF THE HOOK FABULOUS.If I had been yelping before this last month (sorry I jumped on the bandwagon a little late guys) this review would have been updated over twelve times, which is at least how many visits I've already made to this hotel already in 08. My VIP host is incredible, we're friends, and sometimes he calls me on my cell just to say what's up and that they want to hang with me and my infamous famous crew when we're back in town.Life couldn't be better, especially from my veranda in my palacial suite with one of the best views of the city, as I look out onto the strip and past to Mt. Charleston dreaming of how amazing life is for the rockstars, and then I remember something. That I am living the life of the rockstar, and shit ya'll, it's good.
4	Nicest hotel!!!I'm just very satisfied with most things in the room and the hotel.Personally I don't like people cleaning up my room while I stay in the hotel, so I always put a "Sweet Dream" sign outside the door so I don't know much about the service but the bath was huge, 6 people lived comfortably in the room. Very nice hotel.However I give 4 starts because of the stains on the sofa - seems they couldn't clean the sofa well.  There's a divider in the middle of a room which can be a bar table if you use it that way - seems there must be lots of parties in the room.  On the granite table, there were many water or lime stains as well.
5	From all the times we've been to Vegas, this is the first time I really got to enjoy it.Checking in was fast, the room was awsome, the view was outstanding, we were on the 32th floor, it was great, the suites are big and the casino has pretty good ventilation.The bed is better than at the WynnI even went and got the same shower head they had there for my house, Im sure we will go back soon.Good stay there.
5	One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. Clean, spacious, luxurious, great food, and very affordable (through priceline)...Do yourself a favour and stay here.
4	My dream? Being wealthy enough to spend a week in Vegas around New Year's renting a penthouse at the Palazzo. Unfortunately, the Palazzo is VERY expensive. But it's worth it, to me.I thought I liked Vegas. Then I found this place. Then I went back six weekends in four months. Then I realized the Palazzo made me love Vegas.I mean, teevee's in the bathrooms? Come on. Stepping out of an elevator and coming face to face with Diana Ross? Dude. Where does that happen?You can keep your Bellagio, your Mandalay Bay, your Palms. Don't ask me to go to Vegas unless we're staying at the Palazzo. No, seriously. When asked to go to Vegas, my first question is "Where are we staying?" I have now turned down two Vegas trips because the answer was not "The Palazzo." It's that serious.So, my current reality? Staying in a double suite at the Palazzo, spending nights at Tryst or XS, and days laying by the Palazzo pool. Perfection!
5	Best smelling Hotel/Casino on the strip.
5	This was my first time staying at the Palazzo and I fell in love with it. I purchased the Indulgence Package and had a very relaxing stay in the hotel. Here are some of the reasons why I was impressed and would love to come back again. 1) Excellent Customer Service - I called a couple days ahead because I planned to use my SPA pass on the first day and wondered if it would be possible for me to get the passes before the check in time at 3pm. The phone operator was very polite and very helpful. She consulted with her manager, called me back, let me know she made a note on my reservation and it would be no problem for early check in. - By the time I checked it at 10am on the day of my arrival, everything was ready. I got to stay on the 37th floor, had a very nice view room facing the Wynn hotel, Wynn's pool and its golf course. (See my pics) - I kept calling the front desk and received continuous excellence customer service during my stay: requesting slippers, inquiring coupons that came with the package and those in booklets that were in the room, asking for airport shuttle info and etc. 2) Excellent Hotel Amenities I love everything but if I need to pick two of them, one of them would have to be the very nice bathroom. It has excellent lighting and my favorite bath tub that holds around two times of water normal bath tub holds. I also love the vanity table with magnifying mirror and the fresh cut flower. (See my pics) The other thing I like most would be the convenience to go to Venetian either through the pool deck or grand canal shoppers. The location for the Palazzo is excellent to go to Fashion Show mall, the Forum at Ceasers Palace and Wynn Hotel. 3) Good Surprises - Nice surprise the first night I came back. There were two pieces of chocolate on my bed with an order form for in-room service for breakfast. The room has also been cleaned again since the trash cans were emptied. - Read the booklet they gave when you checked it as well as the booklets in the hotel room. They included free drinks and admission to nightclub, discounts on meals and Canyon Ranch Spa. My friend took advantage and went to see Lamborghini Show room for free. Just remember most of these coupons are limited to one person. One thing I am still uncertain at this point is the bill. 1) Internet is $10 per 24 hour. 2) The Canyon Ranch SPA told me they need to charge SPA passes to my room even though I presented coupons but the Palazzo would fix that for me. 3) You definitely cannot mess up the fridge as well as the mini bar because Palazzo use the scale. If you take something out just to take a look, they would be charge immediately. I was not able to store drinks I buy from other store in the fridge at all. You can still go and get ice.
4	I love the Palazzo.  LOVE LOVE.  I do think the Venetian (which is it's sister hotel) is much more extravagant.  But the Palazzo casino and the rooms are effing AMAZING.  I loved the room.  I didn't want to leave it.  The best bathroom I've ever been in.  I want my bathroom that same exact way.  It is pricey, but if you're treating yourself, this is the way you do it..  :)
4	When I told people I was staying at the Palazzo, they said in an envious voice, "Really?"  You know you're in for a treat when you get that kind of reaction from people who know LV.  I was there for business and my employer paid for most of the hotel costs, but I was responsible for the difference between the price of the Rio and here.  It was worth every penny.  We stayed on the top floor of the non-concierge suites (I'm cheap enough that I didn't figure that was any kind of good deal.  An extra $50/day?  Give me a break.)  The room was enormous, and looked exactly like the website.  Rather than go into the amenities, I'd rather direct you to the website.  I was able to relax in this hotel because it was elegant without being obnoxious.  The Venetian seemed like it was trying too hard, the Palazzo seemed like it was for those who appreciated quality.  I do, naturally.  The color schemes were pleasing, and everything felt solid.  I never heard anyone out in the hallway or in the next bedrooms.  I felt like I was in my own house.  The electric drapes were a nice touch, but the remote would only work if ya fiddled with it, which was slightly annoying.  The huge couch was comfy and the DVD player was another nice touch.  Sometimes you just want to get away from the stress of losing and veg in your wonderful room (fortunately, the recharge must have worked, b/c I was on fire my last night there.)  The staff were attentive.  My reasons for not giving them 5 stars were my problems.  First and foremost was the bill.  It was majorly screwed up.  It took me about 2 hours on the phone, being transferred several times to get it straightened out (my employer had me be responsible that the funds were used correctly since we weren't staying at the Rio where the conference was).  Second, and perhaps more irritating to me was my breakfast the final morning.  We were flying out wicked early, so I called for room service 24 hours in advance with our order.  They ended up being 40 min late.  I had 10 min to eat my $85 breakfast.  To say that I was pissed was an understatement.  Hell, I'm still pissed and they're lucky to get that 4th star.  The last quibbles had to do with the lights in the bathroom:  1/2 of them were burned out.  I can understand saving energy, but it just seemed kind of tacky.  Also, the way they had the T V positioned in the bathroom, you couldn't see it from the bathtub.  I am believing that I had just a bad go of it, though.  Maybe a perfect storm or something.  So, I'm still strongly recommending this hotel.  Tips to travelers:  business casual is strongly recommended.
4	The Palazzo is my favorite hotel in Vegas right now. It's brand new, attached to the Venetian, and has the BEST shopping in the Shops at the Palazzo, not to mention the fabulous restaurants,( i.e. CUT, LAVO, Carnevino). The suites are all amazing. Brand new, great design, nice size. My favorite thing: the automatic blinds and the bathrooms. I always feel comfortable and taken care of here. I've stayed here twice and honestly it will probably take a lot to get me to stay anywhere else. Although, last time I was here there was a mix up at the check in desk. The guy must have been in training or something, he was extremely rude and really had no idea what he was doing. BUT besides that, I've always had a great time here and will continuously come back..**I also have to mention, the pool is kind of weird, it's split up into at least 4 mini pools.. Not my favorite pool ever, but I'd rather go shopping instead anyways..
5	HOLY HOTNESS BATMAN! The Palazzo is stunning. Smoking. Sexy. Gorgeous. Beautiful. Amazing. Aweing. Jaw-dropping!I think the fact that this hotel is new catches my eye a lot. We stayed here for two nights and got both nights comped. YAY for friends who gamble a LOT! It was really busy the weekend we went so there was a lot of traffic in and out of the Palazzo. I love how it's connected to the Venetian so you walk right on through, hit up Tao, get real drunk and somehow make your way back to your awesome suite here at the Palazzo.Rooms. We got the Bella Suite View room with a view of the strip. We were on the 40 something floor so we could see the pools down below and the Treasure Island pirate show! Woot! The bathrooms to the room don't lock, so pervy friends can walk in and out of it, haha but who travels with pervy friends anyway? Let me comment about the rooms...BATHROOMGlass panel showers. Awesome pressure from the shower head. Regular sized bathtub. Toilet sectioned off by a door (that doesn't lock as well) and two sinks with vanity mirrors. There's also a small bench & mirror area by the door which is AWESOME for putting on make up. Yayuhhhh. Oh and did I forget to mention the flat screen TV in the bathroom? And two robes?CLOSET Small, but who uses closets on vacation anyway? As long as there's enough room to hang up your party clothes then we're good to go. Ironing board and iron provided. SLEEPING QUARTERSThe queen sized beds were awesome! Very plush, clean, and good to jump on. Do jump on the beds when you come here. The 40 something inch TV screen that is in the bedroom is amazing. I could stare at it for days. Below the TV there's a counter top that lights up -- we made this into our mini bar. LIVING ROOM (sunken living room!)Full size sleeper! I didn't discover this but the L shaped sofa could pull out into a sleeper. Even without pulling this out, you could definitely sleep 2 people on this L shaped couch. It was awesome. The coffee table is a bit big but way cushy. The TV in here is just as awesome as the TV in the bedroom section. The curtains to the big panel windows are powered electronically. We tried pulling it and it wouldn't budge, then we realized we had to control it with a remote (hahaha....)Security is awesome. You can't take the elevators up to any of the towers unless you have their room cards or go with someone that has one. Security is pretty tight here so it's definitely not a place to mess around!All in all, the Palazzo is awesome. Casino is decently sized and I didn't see any tables for under $15 (min hand). The shopping area in the Palazzo has some high end stores that I walked into and walked out empty handed since I don't have that disposable income to throw down 20g's on a watch, or something to that nature.Don't forget to check out the huge waterfall in the Palazzo. Makes for an awesome picture. I'm coming back here in December! I think I'm going to dub this my new fav. hotel in Vegas.(Photos to come)
5	Stayed here for a mini vacay during Labor Day weekend. The rooms were SOOOOOOOO NICEEEE. The beds were super comfy and the pillows! OMG, I really wanted to take one home, but I didnt want the room to be charged because I wanted a pillow!NICE room. Will DEF stay there again...
4	our room smelled mysteriously and strongly of bacon each of the three nights we stayed here - to the point where we were checking the maid's cart for aerosol cans of "bacon room spray."  the beds were comfy - and I liked the sunken living room for hanging out.  My complaints:  there was not enough closet space, the sheets were rough, the towels were small and not that soft and the casino and lobby area use a feminine-hygiene-scented air-freshening spray to cover the cigarette smell. yikes!  give me the cigarette smell straight-up.  you know the hotel paid a "smell style consultant" $60K to scent the hotel.  I liked the $100 food credit each night that we stayed - which covered a nice portion of our meals.  I would stay here again with the right deal.
5	Wow.  This hotel is the most luxurious one that I've stayed at in the history of.....ever.  The room we had was superclean and had a view of the pool.  Three flat panel TVs, cushy beds, even a small living room to make the stay even sweeter.  There were even courtesy bathrobes inside the bathroom!  The best part is......we stayed there courtesy of my mother's comps.The casino and lobby smelled decent to me, I don't see what the fuss is about.  There's even a decent selection of penny machines.  You gotta love the high-end shops upstairs, even if you're just window shopping.I'm definitely gonna stay there again; I hope I get enough comp points for free nights there.
4	I'm a "rather stay downtown then the strip" type of guy, but when it comes to seeing a fight at the mgm grand there is NO WAY I'm staying downtown.So, bearing in mind my predisposition to be anti strip, the Palazzo is fine.  Especially when it's empty.  Is anyone else with me on that?  Crowded Vegas is nightmare Vegas, you know?Our room smelled of bacon the whole weekend.  Amazing.  We actually asked at check out about it, whether it was "supposed to smell like that" answer: no.We got a $100 dining credit? Def. ask for that.  For real.  All the rooms are  "suites" or "large hotel rooms" as their known in other countries.But as I ambled through a variety of casino environs over the weekend: everywhere from El Cortez, to MGM Grand, to New York New York, Gold Coast, Treasure Island, The Wynn, I always felt good about the Palazzo.The tourists are very manageable- by Vegas standards- something to take into account.
2	The noise from the air vent was simply unbearable and there was no way to turn it off. I was told the problem "might" be able to fixed but still ended up suffering three nights of insomnia.On top of that, the shower handle was broken the morning we were ready to check out. Needless to say, we didn't take any shower. The room may look pretty but it ain't worth the money.
4	If I hadn't stayed at the Wynn before the Palazzo, I would have thought that this was the most amazing hotel I have ever stayed at.Let's start with the room. I stayed in a suite, but I dunno if there is anything else... Maybe nicer suites? Whatever the case, we got a weeknight rate of $99, which I thought was really good. But then both over the phone and in person when we checked in, they were trying to "upgrade" us for only $40. But we were like, "No thank you! Cheap room please!" And our view was fine.The stuff in the suite looked a little worn, which is weird since this place is supposed to be new. I wonder if they moved the worn out furniture from the Venetian so that they could offer it for cheap to people like me.We ended up going down stairs and playing Craps for the first time. One of the tables had some awesome people working it. We learned, we played, we laughed. Amazing. But, another table had one guy who kept forgetting to give people their money. Ouch.So in the end, it was a fun time. We tried new games, had some wonderful food, and entertained friends in out suite. But, there are certainly things they could improve upon.Sorry Palazzo... the Wynn wins out this time!
5	My favoriteeeeeeeee hotel room by far in Vegas!!The suites are SOO NICE. It's kind of annoying to show the room key to security every time you head up to the room, but I guess they make it just THATTT much safer for you.The suites have the bed area with comfyass sheets and blankets along with a flat screen, then a sunken living room area with comfy couches, a desk, and another flat screen.  The windows had a really great view of part of the strip too. Now on to my favorite part of the room...the BATHROOM. Ladies, this bathroom is heaven. It has his and her sinks, a separate tub, and a glass shower. A flat screen. And a little vanity area with a makeup mirror and cute l ittle stool to sit on. It's nice and big too, so your man can fuss over his hair and shaving in his area, while you still have lots of space to fuss over your own hair and makeup. I love itttt!!!The drapes over the windows in the living room area also operate by remote, so you dont even have to walk over and pull the drapes yourself at night. All the little touches and details of the suite were superb.I also really enjoyed their casino. They have a lot of brand new slots that are pretty high techy, with their 3D screens. I found lots of things to play. I've been to their steakhouse in this hotel, Morel's, before too, and its really yummy. Also their Grand Lux is less crowded and less noisy than the one over in Venetian. I can't wait to stay here again!!
2	Stayed here for the first time on Thanksgiving night, and switched out to Mandalay Bay the next morning.  PROS:- Large "suite", very comfortable with the sunken living room.- Two flat screen TV's in each room, which I thought was pointless.- Pull out sofa bed, sofa's comfortable by itself.- Large safe.- Housekeeping stopped by during the evening asking if we needed anything.CONS:- Strange smell in the casino, which gave my entire family headaches (we later concluded Palazzo did this on purpose, so you can't gamble "properly").- Even stranger smell in the hotel room, which was worse than the casino smell.  Like other people have noted in earlier reviews, smelled sort of like bacon.- Hand/bath soap smelled like fruit loops cereal.  By this point, we concluded whomever chose the scents for the Palazzo either doesn't have the ability to smell, is super fat, or insane.- Not enough water pressure from the shower head in the shower.- Not enough lights in the suite, therefore too dark.- Both concierge and housekeeping is terrible, we waited an hour and half for pillows, tissue boxes, and bath slippers.- Sofa was comfortable, but was dirty and stained.- Almost tripped walking into the sunken living room.- Whomever chose the furniture and decorated the room either doesn't know anything about design or purposely chose ancient-looking furniture, which didn't make the hotel room seem new at all.
5	Honestly, before this trip to Vegas I didn't even know that the Palazzo existed. I'm so glad that I decided to be spontaneous and accept my friend's invite to stay at their suite. The suite that we stayed in had two rooms and the whole place was bigger than my house. We had three flat screen tvs in the suite, not that we watched much tv, but there were three! I have fallen in love with the showers. I would love to have 5 shower heads in my shower at home too. I think the Palazzo has truly spoiled my hotel staying experience. I love how there was a Coffee Bean right at the lobby next to the elevators and a great espresso/cafe place toward the Venetian. Self parking and valet were both also very convenient. I'm definitely coming back to the Palazzo.I'm definitely not a fan of the casino itself. It just lacked a certain type of atmosphere. I don't know what it is, but it just feels so boring gambling there. I do like the Venetian though. It's probably has to do with the dealers. I think the dealers at the Venetian side are a lot more friendly than the ones at the Palazzo.
5	This is now the only hotel I will stay in when I go to Las Vegas.  Usually when you walk into other hotels and casinos, the first thing you smell is Cigarette smoke (which is digusting), and you leave smelling like to too.  When you walk into the Palazzo, it literally smells like roses.  That sold me before I even saw the room.  When we got to the room, it was beautiful.  There are 3 flat screen televisons in the room: one in the living room, one in the bedroom area, and one in the bathroom.  When I looked out the window, I got this amazing view of the strip.  The hotel and casino are also not as overcrowded as the other places, so it was quite pleasant to walk around there.  I love this hotel!!!
5	This review is pretty much identical to the Venetian review which is why I've cut and pasted it. The only difference I would say is Palazzo is even nicer than Venetian, but only because it is a newer hotel/casino. Other than that, it has the same pros as Venetian, but I will say the casino, while nicer in terms of design, doesn't suit real players as well as Venetian (IMO).I could go on and on about this place, but all I need to say is this is the kind of experience you want when you come to Vegas. 5 star rooms, friendly staff, amazing amenities, great restaurants, and experienced/friendly dealers (if you gamble). They have always taken care of me for the past few years and have made me a loyal patron after bouncing around other properties on the strip for prior stays. They also take care of their rated players (speaking from experience).I guess you could call it a more sofisticated experience. There is no buffet (thank God), and the property seems to not appeal that much to the short-wearing, beer-gutted slobs that you see all to often elsewhere on the strip. I'm not saying you won't see them here, but there is definitely an air of relative class at Palazzo that is lacking in most other proprties on the strip.And for those new to the strip, the Palazzo is located on the end of the strip that you want to be on. Close to all of the shops, restaurants, and casinos worth going to. All within walking distance. You won't need luck in having a great vacationing experience when you go here. A sure bet.
4	I worked in the hotel industry field for quite some time...almost 5 years, and I know what stellar service is! The staff at the palazzo, was great... they went above and beyond, and I was very pleased with my stay.  After getting off the plane, my friends and I took a taxi ride (got ripped off dammit!) to  The Palazzo, and upon entering the drive way, we were stopped by the security guards...(at the time I was laughing in my head, because the taxi driving was going off on the security guard for stopping him, but the reason they did this was to maintain the flow of traffic, soo mr. taxi driver please calm down! Upon entering the Porte Cochere, doors were opened immediately, and was greeted immediately! I LIKE THAT!  Luggage was taken out of the trunk and was offered bell service immediately. Too bad i declined =(. The Lobby of the Palazzo was beautiful! Marble everywhere.. love the decor and designs. The rooms were nice as well. Two flat panel LCDs in each room. Two huge queen size beds and a sofa couch for one as well.  The only bad side to the room is the bathroom. They don't have locks on them! Peek a Boo! i see your dang dang.. LOL...Overall, really satisfied with the room. The casino, is a whole different story...dammmmmitt! The casino is merciless. Lost like crazy within a few minutes! aghh.... Go to the venetian and gamble, its more forgiving over there!
5	I stayed one night at the Palazzo followed by one night at the Wynn, and I have to say, the Palazzo feels a lot nicer!  Our room was much bigger for a comparable price, with a living area with two couches and huge windows with a gorgeous view of Vegas.  The beds were very comfortable, and the bathroom was beautiful.  The hotel decor is elegant and muted, but very luxurious.I spent a lot of time gambling at the Palazzo, and gave them quite a large chunk of money ($25 blackjack, never again) but the dealers were fun and made me think they were on my side.  One begged me to quit when I was winning.  If only I weren't possessed by the gambling demon...
4	I did not stay at the Palazzo, so my review is a bit less helpful than it should be.  But I was very taken with the look of this place.  I've been going to Las Vegas since I was a child, and this place was the only place  during my recent visit that recaptured my sense of wonder from the early days.  It is thrillingly beautiful, just walking through it made me feel like royalty.  That is what vegas is supposed to do.  If I had stayed there I might be qualified to give it a fifth star, maybe next time.
5	my new favorite place to gamble on the strip.  it was fight night and the Venetian casino was nuts and with no available BJ table in sight (at least none that had a minimum under $100), so i moseyed next door to the Palazzo.  the casino's spacious and the tables aren't stacked on top of each other, there's plenty of room to play or just watch people lose this months paycheck.  i'll probably give it one star if i end up losing the next time i'm there, but for now, five stars!
5	I've been in Vegas now for almost a whole week, and if it weren't that I was staying at the Palazzo I would go completely crazy. This place is absolutely fabulous. I haven't stepped out to be a part of the teeming tourists, I haven't had to cringe at outrageous outfits and avoid fliers of the trashy kind. Infact, if I hadn't ventured out to MaCarran only to be turned back on the day the snow shut Vegas down, I would have been quite  content with seeing the outside world through the remote controlled blinds that drape the massive windows in my room! I've always come down here for training, so the disinclination to step out of the luxurious environs is probably somewhat motivated by the lack of time and energy. But be it trying my luck on the casino floor, or strolling down the Canale shoppes or trying the incredible dining/lounging options at the casino, or just hanging out on the sectional in the suite - it is possible to immerse oneself entirely in all that Palazzo has to offer without ever running out of things to do or even thinking about the world outside of it.The rooms here are palatial, and very thoughtfully furnished. From a personal printer/fax in the room to a groove on the bathstand to hold a bar of soap - the immaculate attention to detail that is evident in the main area extends to the facilities available in each of the suites. There may be more elbow room at the blackjack tables, a sign of the times they say, but the experience of being at the Palazzo has to be timeless. I am spoilt, and after a few stays at the Palazzo, I can't imagining settling for anything less while in Vegas!
4	The Palazzo is just like the Venetian, but with different furniture, a TV in the bathroom, an L-shaped couch bed, and automatic curtains.  Just like the Venetian, the size of the rooms is great for the price you pay, but there isn't really that much of a difference between the two hotels.
4	We just stayed here, and loved almost all of it.  The rooms are large and comfortably furnished.  It's clean, the furniture is well maintained, and the bathroom is reminiscent of the Four Seasons bathroom in Maui.  The casino area has freshened air, so it smells floral, and not smoky.  The products were good enough, and the TV in the bathroom was an added bonus, especially since there's also vanity seating in there.  The only reason this place didn't get 5 stars is because:1.  You can't turn off the fan, ever, so it's very dry in there.2.  The fluorescent lighting in the water closet is too dim 3.  The toiletries could be better.Otherwise I'm a total fan, and would definitely stay there again, even if I had to pay more $$.  It was totally worth the $100/night deal I found.
5	If you're looking for some of the best rooms in Vegas, excellent quality nightlife, ambiance, and a lot of class -- look no further.  It's hard to top the Venetian and Bellagio, but at the Palazzo property, they have done just that in this latest addition to the Las Vegas strip.The planners clearly thought of the experience from an end-to-end perspective:  transportation drop-off and pick-up options are put in precisely the right place, sparing guests awful long lines of wandering people, and facilitating fast transportation to and from this amazing property.Upon arrival, you are greeted with a prompt, efficient, front desk.  My reservation was setup precisely as requested, and the staff guided me efficiently (i.e. not winding through the casino floor) to the guest elevators.  Bell desk service was prompt and professional, with my bags arriving at precisely the right time (a few minutes right after I reached the room.)The splendor of the rooms is hard to describe.  The amenities and finishings are top-notch, the housekeeping services reliable, and the beverage center well-stocked.  Internet access is often free with most suite rates (as of the time of this review and my stay in November) -- and includes both the in-room WiFi and wired connections.  The business center amenities in room are setup properly, as are the furnishings.  Little touches like under surface lighting near the television allow for appropriate lighting settings for viewing.  The bathrooms are elegant but not overdone, and are well kept.The spa is top notch, and you will find the staff there equally as courteous and efficient.  Restaurants and dining options in the hotel are tastefully executed, and having sampled many of them, can speak to the same level of focus from the staff found elsewhere.Checkout is just as pleasing, with the bell desk service being equally as efficient and courteous on checkout.  I'd highly recommend this property for any Vegas visit.
4	review for the Bella Suite (non - smoking)THE +'s: same layout as the venetian suites but more modern style decor (less with the gold scrolls and cherubs). furniture slightly worn but then that's to be expected with any popular vegas hotel. otherwise, housekeeping kept detailed tabs of preferences -- clean sheets -- comfy beds -- comfy pillows. service was always friendly. i paid extra for a strip view and actually got a glittery strip view for once. internet access is billable here which kinda sucks but at 10 bucks per 24 hours, this is actually one of the lower net access charges around the strip hotels. unexpected pluses were the amazing fruity scent that floated everywhere you went (excepting the smoking casino floor of course), and the fact that it's a wonderfully short walk from the room elevators to the valet/taxi area.THE -'s: concierge always took forever to answer my calls. i called on a thursday evening at about 11pm to get an extra hypoallergenic blanket. was on hold for nearly 25 minutes before my call was answered. then it took another 2 hours before the blanket was actually delivered. don't know if this was due to the fact that it was near a weekend -- but then i went during the weekend right before christmas and this is usually the slow season for vegas. eh.SUM: slow concierge aside, i enjoyed my stay here. everything was so elegant and people were always friendly. a real classy place. well worth the price i paid (average 180 a night). if you can get a good price during the off-season, i highly recommend the palazzo.
5	The rooms here are absolutely awesome.  Stayed here for two weeks on a business trip and loved it.  Three LCD TV's in the room, no joke.  Beds were very comfortable and the cleaning staff very thorough.  The decor in the room rocks and the bathroom is the coolest one I've seen in a long time in a hotel room with all marble, a clear glass shower, and a private toilet area, with its own private door.  A good mix of restaurants and bars, and connected to its mother property, the Venetian.
5	I Love The Palazzo..Because of major fun times at that hotel! :D The rooms are nicer compared to The Venetian.. not only because it is newer but the furniture is classier looking.  The casino area is indeed smaller than the Venetian's casino also.. But the decor is beautiful with their vast sculptures at the front lobby and the beautiful fountains in the connecting corridors of the Palazza and Venetian.  I watched the mini show where the three human statues at the front of the fountain performed.  Somehow though, I don't know if it was only me but everywhere i walked in the Palazzo, all I smelled was the scent of flowers.. I would get random wiffs while walking around the hotel.. I kept asking my friends if they did too and they agreed.. so it wasn't only me imagining things! A good mix of restaurants and shops to add onto its luxurious feel to the hotel !!
2	Overrated!  Just back from the Palazzo yesterday and I wish I had stayed at the Wynn or Bellagio instead.Here is the only thing going for them...the suite is awesome.  Probably one of the nicest hotel rooms I've been in.  Oh and one more thing, the conciegre lounge on the 23rd floor is pretty nice too.Now for the cons:Let's start at the beginning...we checked in at the concierge and they told us that they would send the bellman up with our luggage, they told us it would take about a half hour and that we should stay in our room.  45 minutes pass and nothing...I called the bell desk directly and they said that they'd bring it up in 20 minutes and that we should stay in our room for delivery.  45 minutes later our luggage finally arrived, but we waited for about an hour and a half!  While we waited for our luggage, we noticed that there was a used and dirty towel in the bathroom...that's nasty.  Speaking of nasty, my brother in law and my wife's cousin were in a room on the floor below us and their mini-fridge had left over take out from the previous guest!Later that night, we asked the concierge to book a limo for us.  They told us to wait downstairs at the pick up area for the limo.  The valets directing the cabs and limos pushed us into a limo.  As we were leaving the driveway, we received a call from the concierge informing us that the valet had put us in a wrong cab and that we should return back to Palazzo and get into the correct limo or else we'd be charged for 2 limos. The following night, we ordered room service for some appetizers because we were going to a show at the MGM.  They told us to call them when we were done and they'd pick it up.  When we got back to our room at 1 am, we saw that it was never picked up.The casino sucks...it's decorated alright, but the sportsbook is downstairs from the rest of the casino and completely separated from everything.  For the amount of money we paid to stay at Palazzo, I'd rather stay at Bellagio or Wynn.  I had no issues at those two other properties.  The Palazzo is pretend luxury and no class.  I would have given it 1 star, but there is a Charlie Trotter restaurant there and my wife likes shopping there.
5	Ideal place to stay for groups! I came to Vegas for my 21st birthday a few months ago so of course I had to stay somewhere amazing for this experience! Palazzo did not disappoint! I was definitely impressed!  Let's start off this review discussing [CHECK-IN] ... we were able to check in a little after noon on a Saturday, and the line was only about 10 people long. A kind attendant was monitoring the line was handing out coupons for some free drink at Restaurant Charlie and doing some small talk so it wasn't so bad. I, personally, was actually intoxicated beyond the point of being able to complete the whole checking-in transaction (aka, I had to yack into a receptacle right on the floor at the front desk), but they were very helpful at continuing along with my friends so I could clamor up to a room as quick as possible, haha!     Our group of 5 girls fit just right in a [LUXURY SUITE] for a great price of $159! Including tax it was only about $173 total, which is pretty good for a weekend rate that's split between the 5 of us! And on top of that, we used an awesome promotion called "Ultimate Escape" which included:    * Luxury Suite at The Palazzo    * $50 in Slot Credits    * LAVO Restaurant-Lounge-Nightclub Package:      - $50 drink voucher      - Complimentary admission and line pass for up to 4 guests http://www.palazzolasvegas.com/pal_luxury_suite.aspxCheck out the link above for the list of features and amenities that each suite provides. It's more than any typical person would need when staying a night in Vegas! The 1-bed Luxury Suite was fine for us since the big comfy bed would fit 3, and then the L-shaped sofa fit 2. Plus... a 2-bed Bella Suite would have been $60 more at the time.  Our room was clean, looked new and was overall veryyyy nice. 720 sq ft is plenty enough room especially since there was no lack of counters, chairs, or floor space for all of our stuff. Loved the bathroom because it was so big, bright, and had plenty of mirror space for us to share, especially with the little vanity table aaand the large full-length mirror! Woohoo! The threeeeeee TV's were also a major plus so that we could all watch different things during lag time... or watch in one part of the room while someone else was passed out on the other side, haha. We had room service get extra pillows, towels, and blankets for us, and they were very quick to bring it all without asking any questions about why we needed so much extra stuff. In terms of the actual hotel, we spent a good amount of time in the [CASINO] and some time in the shops but didn't have time to check out the restaurants, bars or the pool. The casino is kind of small, but we liked now it was divided by a straight walkway so that we could walk from the elevators to the front of the hotel without having to wind around endlessly and potentially get lost. There were plenty of cocktail waitresses walking around so that we were able to get more than enough of our share of yummy drinks while only gambling on the 1-cent or 5-cent machines. We also redeemed those Restaurant Charlie drink coupons for a fruit-wine concoction that was pretty strong for being free! [MISCELLANEOUS] Other than that... The Palazzo is beauuuutiful!!! The matching decor of the whole place was luxuriously classy from the marble floors to the statues to the chandeliers on the very high ceilings, but it was never to the point of being gaudy. Very picturesque, and I'll most likely be uploading some of my pictures from the trip when I get around to it. Loved the dimly-lit winding corridors to get from the elevators to our room. Yes, we noticed that sweet scent in the hotel as well, but we couldn't tell what it was. Self-parking was easy and free. Because Palazzo is on a corner, their multi-level garage has an entrance both on Las Vegas Blvd as well as from Sands Ave. The latter of which is really convenient in avoiding traffic on the strip. There was always an abundance of cabs available at the front of the hotel as always, too, at both the upper and lower level driveways. There's one main tower of elevators, and they do check for room cards in the evening before going up. The shops were nice... but not appealing for our age group, and there were so many of them it took us forever to get all the way through to the Venetian. All the help seemed very friendly. Checking out slightly late was no problem. Good times! I'd definitely consider coming back here again with a group, especially since they have me on the mailing list for future rate promotions!*********************************************By the way... I'm actually curious about if Palazzo is a 4-Diamond or a 5-Diamond hotel since it doesn't seem to be listed by AAA for 2009... anyone know?List of 4-Diamond hotels for 2009 http://www.aaa.com/aaa/aaadiamonds/2008_4D_lodging.pdfList of 5-Diamond hotels for 2009http://www.aaa.com/aaa/aaadiamonds/2008_5D_lodging.pdf*******************************************
5	Had a 30 Hr Turn-around Trip to Vegas on my schedule.  Get in, sleep, get out the next day ASAP.  First trip in a long time.  Heck, first trip in a long time I WANTED to stay longer.  Some of the places i've stayed include:  CAL, RIO, Flamingo, Mandalay, MGM, Ti, Monte Carlo, Mirage, and everything in between.  The Palazzo TRUMPS them all.Decided to splurge and get the Big Suite that sleeps 10.  Ahhhhh Pie-Zanno.  Yes it was a waste of space for one person, but holy jimminy crickets, that place was like NYC Condo with all the trimmings.  Place was spotless.  Amenities were first rate.  Casino and Bars were classy and had easy access.  Didnt eat at any restaurants because of the quick turnaround, but breakfast at Grand Lux Cafe kicked ass.Favorite part of the stay?   After checking, the front counter girl asked if i needed my boarding pass printed outta southwest airlines.  30 seconds later, I had my pass, and saved me 10 mins waiting at a busy airport kiosk.  NOW THATS SERVICE!  Ahhhhh.....mi amore....CANNOT WAIT TO GO BACK......
5	201st review for this place!!  Other reviewers have uploaded some great pictures or you can visit the website for more.  The room is very similar to the newly renovated Venetian Tower room but a bit bigger.  I love the remote-controlled curtain/shade.  This is one of the few hotels that you get complete darkness with the curtain closed!!!  I HATE it when the sun rises and peeks through the crack of the curtain.  That piercing  brightness makes it impossible to sleep in!  I try clipping it with hair clippers, but sometimes the sunlight still come through the valance.  The toiletries are more spa-like than most hotels/casinos.  The scent has gingerly smell which might turn some people off.  It took me awhile to get used to it.  Nice white spa robes and slippers for 2.  The male slippers are different from the female slippers, which I thought was really cute!I LOVE the sectional sofa in the 'living room' area.  So comfortable that you can stretch out while watching TV.  The only tiny imperfection was the vanity table.  It's shaped like 1/2 oval shape so you lose some space.  Ladies you know what I am talking about when you have all your tools out trying to look pretty.  ;-)  The bed is super comfy with super soft comforter and down/feather pillows.  The linens are soooo luxurious and feel sooo good!  I have also noticed that the customer service is nicer than Venetian (last time I was there was in October 2008).  Don't know if it's because of the competition since time is not so good.  But during X'mas when we were here, both Venetian and Palazzo were crammed with people!  The Grazie Club area is always a mad house both at Venetian and Palazzo.  Even as a Gold Card player, I had to wait almost 10 minutes for them to finish 1 person before me.  Totally inefficient if you ask me.  However, the lady at the counter was very nice to me.  After giving me my player's cards (I left/lost them somewhere), she offered me 2 free tickets to see The Blue Man Group.  I turn it down.  I've seen it and didn't care for it.  In my review I said I wouldn't go see it again even for free.  I stand by my own words.  You must get the player's card.  Venetian/Palazzo are very generous to their players.  Once you use their card to play, you'll get a lot of special discounts/promotions through the mail.  Also register at their website for the lastest discount/promotion via email.Overall, a beautiful hotel.  There are lots of great deals right now.  It's luxury at a very affordable price.  For me, it's 5-star all the way for free room!
4	Why am I only giving it four stars?  Well.I don't know about you, but when I'm stumbling back to my hotel room at 5am I want someplace to eat.  And I don't mean McDonald's.  At least at the Hard Rock Hotel, you have some options.  At the Palazzo you have ZERO options, and even if you did have options, it would have to be a $100 steak.  All of their restaurants are high-end and therefore leaves me starving when I reach home.  I guess if I wanted to eat, I should have stayed at the Hard Rock or at Paris.  Anyway, I had this problem every single night I was in Vegas staying at the Palazzo.So here are some tips:-You've got lots of pool options, because the Venetian is right next door.-USE the concierge, they have hookups to everywhere you want to go.  We went to the club at the Mirage and the host knew our name the very first time he met us because we mentioned that we had called over from the Palazzo.  It was a very busy weekend and we got in everywhere, no problem.-Hookas in the bar downstairs where you get a $25 credit with your room.-Compared to the Palazzo, the Venetian rooms look like a dump.-Glass mirrored inset coffee table?  Wonder who (using what kind of drugs) designed this??  Balla suite.
4	I have no real complaints so far - it certainly does not suck.  It is beautiful, gorgeous, lovely, modern, sexy. . .you get the picture.  Upon check in, I got a rundown on just about every restaurant in the joint, which was nice, if a little lengthy.  They inadvertently assigned me to a room that was having work done, but hey mistakes happen.  They didn't make me come back down to the front desk, which was fantastic - security brought new keys to my new room up to me.  Housekeeping got to my (first) room before I even did to deliver my humidifier.  Fair, he didn't want to stick around while I waited for a new room, so he told me to call them again to request one.  They were lightning fast and even set it up for me.  My housekeepers reorganize all of my crap on top of the vanity every day and I'm seriously considering kidnapping one to take home with me.  I do hate the smell a bit - it's just too overpowering and makes me think of bathroom air freshener where a cloying floral aroma floats around to cover up less savory smells.  Ew.Overall it's lovely and service is great; perhaps we could just turn the signature smell down a notch.
5	It was a contemporary version of Venetian but also newer.  I stayed in both places and found them have the exactly same floor plan.  More luxury shopping in this hotel if that's what you want.  It did have other entertainments like living garden in front of the waterfall.  Service was good and the room was clean.    Venetian had more things to see but Palazzo was newer and less crowded.  See what you prefer.
5	I want to live at The Palazzo. You totally feel glamorous when you stay here. The rooms are all suites with two TVs in the room and one in the bathroom. They even have a remote control to open up the curtains. Also, the way the room was decorated screams MONEY!!! My favorite part is that there is a hidden Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf right next to the elevators, which confirms another reason why I want to live at the Palazzo. SO FREAKIN CONVENIENT!!! If you ever have the chance to stay here, take it. You will not be disappointed. My only tip is to keep in mind that everything here is going to be overpriced, but it is worth it once in awhile just for the experience.
4	Things I did in a Vegas hotel room that I have never done before:a. Watch Jacques Pepin and a Taiwanese cooking show while brushing my teeth in the bathroom. b. Use a remote control to adjust the shades in both the living room and bedroom.c. Use 5 showerheads in the shower all at once, with one setting at massage, and the others striking various points on my bodyd. Call down to the front desk while walking throughout the three large rooms.e. Sit on a couch and entertain about 6 other friends in the living room.f. Push open a double entry doorway into a magnifcent foyer.g. Sit at a vanity and do my make-up with different light settings AND a magnifying mirror.h. Never touch the temperature control setting once. NOT ONCE. The temperature was perfect throughout our stay.i. Sit in the VIP lounge and eat and drink for free 24 hours a day. FOR FREE.
4	SO i just got back from Vegas celebrating my Bday and let me tell you the PALAZZO is  AWE-some!  It has to be one of the most beautiful hotels I've stay in, and probably the best.  The staff was great and very friendly.Everything there is GLAM and FAB. Our room was clean and big. And the beds were comfy just like mine at home. The only thing I didnt like were the feather pillows. The three TV's were so cool. I stayed in the bathroom and extra 10 mins just to watch TV. The little ammenties in there were nice also, I love the Lemon Verbena!I would recommend this hotel to anyone coming to Vegas. its a little Pricey , but soo worth it.Plus the Grand Lux resturant rocks and it is right downstairs!
5	We loved this hotel. Stayed here the first night and oh my gosh...it was amazing! The staff was great especially the chief concierge Robert Hoffman, go see him if you need anything. We got upgraded to this huge suite that had a workout room in it. The view, bed, bathtube..uuhh i could go on forever. it was amazing. The only thing that is a little off is they have this weird smell, like flowerly smell in the lobby but didnt bother me too much. Stay here!!!!!
4	You get what you pay for. Yes the rooms are lovely and teched out, the drink prices and table limits high. Here's a few random and unique things I can add.Once upon a time all the casinos decided the best way was to have a massive parking structure behind or beside the casino. Of course this meant you had to walk a good mile from your car to the casino, but this was the norm. But the Palazzo has parking directly under the casino! With an easy entrance from Spring Mountain. And AND the parking garage elevators are right next to the room tower elevators! Genius. So thoroughly more convenient and enjoyable experience.They seriously need to change the handles to their bathroom doors. Since it's a handle, everyone automatically tried to rotate it down to open. But it's just for decoration! The handle is fixed! Which means that most doors it's rotated down about 45 degrees from all the misunderstandings. And when you're drunk, a fixed handle is confusing. Anyways, the broken/falling off look doesn't fit with the Palazzo aesthetic. Someone wasn't thinking about user interfaces when they chose and installed the handles.
3	If it wasn't for the nice rooms, I think it would've had two stars instead.  I stayed there for two nights, and it started off horrible.  We went through the Club members line and it takes forever.  I think the regular line was going faster than us.  The desk wasn't too friendly and it was rather obvious they didn't like to be there.  We had to wait about 2 hours for our room, and then when we finally got our room, it took them 30 minutes to delivered the wrong luggage. Then another hour to find the right one to get to us. I was tired from my almost 6 hour flight.  Needless to say, I was unhappy with the overall service.  No one really smiles or seems happy to be there.  At least pretend!The room is nice though because its really new.  But at a place like this, I expected much better in service.  What I do recommend is that everyone get a Club card from Venetian because they do give a lot of promotions compared to other hotels.  I much preferred the Wynn and Bellagio and even the Palm Place over the Palazzo.  For some reason, I just never really got attached to the Venetian or the Palazzo.  There's no spark, no pleasant suprises, it's just a nice hotel with regular service, nothing memorable, and that's pretty bad, because everything in Vegas should be memorable to those who visit, and they don't go above and beyond to make it that way.
5	Reserving the right to change this to a 4 star if something better comes up ( I rounded this up from what should be a 4.5).  Although I feel that I must admit a couple of things.  One is that this rating is on a comparative basis and for two, that I don't get to go to Vegas very often.  This was the first time I've been to a hotel where there is another sublevel section of the room and 3 nice LCD TVs.  Lots of space to go around and on a pretty decent section of the strip.  Nightlife options weren't bad either.  Can't comment on the food here because I didn't try any.  All in all I think I'll remember this hotel before some of the other themed ones I've stayed at, yet I still wonder if there is somewhere else that might be better...
5	This place is top notch in Vegas vacationing, the casino's are great the rooms are better, the cleaning crew is through, and the cleanliness is def the best. Every room has a t.v. including the bathroom, with a nice shower and jacuzzi like tub, and a separate room for the toilet. It's in a great location from the shows and the bed are comfy. We LOVED it here.
4	Granted, they gave us a suite.  For FREE.  For 3 NIGHTS.  But if you're gonna OFFER a strip view, at least give us a strip view.That's all I'm saying.As poker-playing degenerates, we take advantage of all free stay offers and have hardly ever paid for a room.  I have to admit, these are the nicest accommodations we've seen so far.Marble countertops, generously sized toiletries, comfy bedding, flat-screen TVs everywhere, phone in the john, super-plush velour L-shaped couch, sunken living room...but no fridge or coffeemaker.  Oh well.  They made up for it by accidentally bringing us duplicate complimentary gift baskets filled with champagne, chocolates, spa products and engraved Palazzo wine stoppers.  After our second night they left us complimentary his and her bath slippers.The Palazzo is beautiful, but the casino area shares that same potpourri/disinfectant floral/chemical/crap smell as the neighboring Venetian.  Ew.
5	The rooms at the Palazzo are HUGE. My room at the Palazzo was the high point of my recent two night business trip to Las Vegas. I had little time for anything but work, so I actually spent more time in my room than I normally would while visiting Vegas. If I could live in a Palazzo guest room, I would learn to live without a kitchen. No problem. My only critique of this property; my room overlooked the Treasure Island casino and the regular pirate ship battles became a little annoying. It's kind of like having redneck neighbors. What are you gonna do? Otherwise, I give it a thumbs up all around.
4	The Palazzo was, hands down, one of the most memorable parts of my Vegas trip. As I was surprised with the room for my birthday from my grandparents (gotta love Joanie and Jim), I could not have asked for a better place to enjoy my first Las Vegas experience. The rooms are nicely sized, TVs everywhere, clean, comfortable beds, and just overall a great place with phenomenal architecture and insane attention to detail (yes I do pay attention to things like that). However, that last star that it misses comes from 2 things... My suite was towards the corner of the hotel and since the elevators are only in the middle, it was quite a trek to get to and from my room. This was not a problem during the day but at night after being served alcohol while gambling like a baller I often had trouble: a) remember which room was mine and b) making it to the room. Also, the pools are great but the service at the pools could have been better. When I order my mojito I want it asap, not in 15 minutes. Sorry, Palazzo.But the shopping... oh boy the shopping there is spectacular.
2	Tale of the Fabulous SixGirls' Summer Trip 2008Fabulous Six decide to head to Vegas for their annual Summer Trip.  After the initial rave reviews of Palazzo, FS decide to book a room at the relatively new hotel.Walking into the grand, beautifully appointed lobby, FS were impressed.  Lush! they exclaimed.  Hearing beforehand that Palazzo was strict with their occupancy policy, only four of the six girls headed to the check in counter.  ES and Cathy K opted to head over to the casino to get their gambling on straightaway.The two circled the casino... twice... in five minutes.  Surely this was a mere illusion!  Surely the casino cannot consist of so few tables!  Surely there was another pit!  Surely there was more!  Unfortunately - no. No more. What you see is what you get.Dejected, they tried out the tables, only to walk away 10 minutes later crying, "Palazzo casino sucky! No tables and bad luck!" The two made their way up the lavishly mirrored elevators and stepped into their room.Bathroom first!  Elegantly appointed decor, for sure.  Large mirrors everywhere, marble inlays everywhere, gold embellishments everywhere, big flat screen, big tub, big shower, and... oh!  Robes and slippers in the closet! Yay!Sunken living room featured ample sitting space, what with the giant L-shaped couch, ottomans, armchairs - lots and lots of seating!Two widescreen LCDs were tuned to various channels, and the FS tossed back many Grey Goose + Pineapples.  Soon, the FS were thoroughly trashed and ready to hit the town...Fast forward to 6am.  The girls return from an outrageous night. Actually, they only came  back to the room because security in the teeny tiny Palazzo casino threatened to kick us out for being too rowdy.  *huff*  What to do now?  Cathy K called down to the front desk and had a nice little chat with the employee.  Pool - closed.  Most restaurants - closed.  Sucky!  Any suggestions? - Nope. Sigh.10am the rest of the girls awake.  The FS threw on their skimpy suits and head to the pool.  WTF?!  Did all of Vegas come to visit this pool?  Claustrophobic, the FS decided to just walk over to the pool at Venetian.  Ahh, much better.The girls dine at Delmonico's for dinner.  Fat from the ribeyes, they decided to go back to their room and take Nap #2 before another outrageous night on the town.The FS tottered to the Palazzo elevator.  Just in time!  An open elevator door!  The girls pushed the button for their floor and.... and... and...The elevator door stayed open.  What the...?  Cathy K impatiently jabbed the "Door Close" button.  At that, the elevator gave a mighty lurch.  With reflexes of cats, the FS jumped out of the lurching contraption and into another one across the hall.Deja vu?  This elevator lurched, too!Screaming, everyone ran out.  One by one, all the elevator doors slid open and stayed that way.  Confused and scared Palazzo guests milled about the hallway, trading information/rumors.  A terrorist attack?  A malfunction?  An emergency evacuation?  A celebrity?  No one could know for sure.A uniformed guard approaches the crowd. He announces that the elevators will not be operating for the next 20 minutes. Then, one by one, he points to the FS and beckons them to follow.  Oh  no!  What did they do?The mutely followed behind the fat man, their hot pink dresses attracting unwanted attention during the unexpected Walk of Shame. People whisper. Bad girls they must be!They walked into an employee entrance and followed the guard around the corner into... an employee elevator!  Special treatment for the HOT pink FS!  Yayers!  Unlike the other unlucky guests, the FS got a special escort to their rooms and had the time to enjoy their beauty rest!Fast forward...  The FS ventured back down to the lobby with no plans. Clubs? Of course.  Which one?  Wherever the wind took us.  Then they are approached by a promoter and escorted into the new 50/50 club.  Nice and plush, the interior, but TOTALLY DEVOID OF CROWDS. Wtf? They were practically the only ones there!  Afraid of hurting anyone's feelings, the FS pretend to stroll to the patio for a smoke, and climb over the gate, and out to freedom.  They hit up Tao, Pure, and other random hotspots before finally trudging back to Palazzo and straight into bed.The next morning.  The girls pack up and wish Vegas a tired and wistful goodbye.  They call for baggage service (they had about 20 suitcases between the six of them) and wait patiently for the bellhop to arrive.  Two hours pass, and he is nowhere in sight.  SIGH.  LK decides to go downstairs to grab a coffee while they wait.  She comes back 10 minutes later sans coffee.  Turns out, every elevator was so full, she couldn't get on!The FS didn't actually get to check out until way after 2pm.  Palazzo elevator system sucks!Broken elevators, empty clubs, dinky casino, nothing to do - BOO!. At least the rooms and security were nice.  Gonna stick to Bellagio in the future.
5	excellent hotel had a great stay here for wine spectator tour last year. will be back!
2	Just a warning... this is only an extension of the Venetian and not really it's OWN hotel... They do have their own rooms and a waterfall but no shops and nothing else to look at. I'm sure the rooms are great but it's sort of just like an extension of Venetian... It's like what Encore is to Wynn but Encore is 1000x better and is actually it's own separate hotel although still connected to the Wynn... Just FYI.Was absolutely disappointed after hearing about the NEW PALAZZO only to find that there's nothing but a waterfall to look at. I've been to vegas too many times, am jaded, and know a dinky waterfall is not enough to impress. sorry.
4	This hotel is a nice extension of the Venetian. The suites look exactly like the Venetian and that is just fine by me. Me and my 6 girlfriends stayed here for my Bachelorette weekend and it was hella fun. The highlight of this hotel is their swimming pools and jacuzzi's.  It would be great for a hot afternoon to lounge at their pool!
3	ok... i would love to give to this hotel more than 3 stars but i can't, i would feel that i'm kind of tricking you. Hubbie and I arrive at the Palazzo, we enter... NICE. Short line at the check in, everybody is very nice. We booked our room through priceline so we weren't sure of what it was going to happen. We enter in the room and there it was: the most beautiful room i've ever stay at. I travelled a lot, i stayed in a LOT of hotels, i've never seen anything this nice and comfy. Giant king sized bed, a living room with 2 super comfy couches (perfect for your friends to crush),plenty of room to walk around, amazing view, a bathroom where you could have a skateboard contest in.bath robes... very soft. 3 tvs in the room (bedroom, living room ,bathroom). bed.. comfy... i mean i was in vegas, super hang over, my body was full of a mix of oxygen and vodka and redbull, but i slept. and i slept well. so, for me 5 stars for the room, i have ZERO complaint about the room, but i have to take away one star because the restaurants at the Palazzo are terrible at least the one that we tried. Some of this could be our fault: we went to Vegas as a spur of the moment kind of thing, it was Valentines week end so every nice restaurant in Vegas was booked. Still, if I'm going to pay a bill for more than $100 per person i want some edible food. Stay away from LAVO and Dos Caminos. But specially LAVO. just try to eat at the many good restaurants that they have in close by hotels, but stay away from the restaurants at the Palazzo. Last but not least: the Casino. I have fun when i gamble. I love black jack. I love love love black jack, but the illusion of betting as little money as i can makes me feel better, so i try to hit only the $10 or $15 table.$25 minimum bet?no thanks... well, past 11 pm at the Palazzo there are only 2 $15 tables on a Saturday night. The $25 table are sad and empty, the $15 tables are full and there is a LINE to play, but still, only 2 $15 table. We ended up going to the Venetian, that seriously, is right there, so no big deal, but i didn't like that. So.. would I go there again? Yes, the location is great and the rooms are amazing. You can find great food and great casinos in Vegas, just not at the Palazzo.Sleep here and walk around.
2	Saw bunch of reviews and read info on Palazzo's website and decided to give this new establishment a try....I try to stay at new hotels at least once to find out how much it is better/worse than the one I stayed at before...with Palazzo, I have very mixed feelings and many disappointments.I booked a Concierge Luxury Suite for 2 nites. It says on their website that you get all the extra service (seperate check-in/out, packing/unpacking service, the access to the concierge lounge for complimentary food/drinks and more), so I figured, at around $100/day more, I'd give it a shot....well...it's not exactly what I thought it would be...First of all, I arrived at the hotel around 2:00am....took me about almost 7 hours to arrive from LA, traffic was really horrible...I called the hotel to let them know that I'm arriving late and asked the operator if I am still able to check in at the concierge lounge instead of the main lobby registration. She says 'oh of course, just tell the security guard at the elevator that you are a guest at the concierge suite and take the elevator to the 23rd floor and they'll check you right in' she says....I'm feeling pretty good at this point...BUT~~!!!! And here comes the 'BUT's....I get to the elevator to the suites and there is the security guard....I told him that I need to check in at the concierge lounge(My name was not even on the list of guests he had with him...hmmm...was that a sign of things to come?) but he told me to just go up to the 23rd floor to check-in...I'm like 'oh cool~' . Go up to the 23rd floor and guess what? The lounge is CLOSED! So I bring the luggage down to the casino level and walk past the security guard that the lounge is closed and he tells me that 'oh, you need to check in at the main lobby then'.....'o....k......why didn't you tell me that before I went up?'.....so i leave the luggage at the security desk and walk back to the main lobby across the casino floor....had to wait about 15~20 minutes in line before I could check in....I told the nice lady at the front desk that I actually made a very unnecessary trip up to the 23rd floor and back down because one of your security was not aware that the lounge was closed for check-in....and she says...Front Desk lady: 'Oh, I apologize for that he should have known better to let you go up at this time'Me: '............... oh....ok......'Front Desk lady: 'I will make sure to inform the supervisor that this does not happen again'Me: '......... oh.....ok.....'Go up to my room....nice room...nothing too different from Venetian rooms. Just better and newer stuff to fill a room probably bigger than it needs to be for 2 people....3 o' clock in the morning.....geez....About to fall asleep....now what is that noise? some kind of wind noise is just 'wooshing' thru the room....try to turn off the fan....still there....turn the fan back on, then turn in off....still there....ugh!!! wind was blowing in from the vents above the closet doors....i get 2 pillows to block the vent and it's now much quieter....ahhhhh.....time for some shut eye....I shall talk about this in the morning....too tired to even ask for new room at this point anyway....Next morning...I decided to give the concierge lounge a try. Wanted to arrange for a limo service from Palazzo to MGM for latter part of the day. Very helpful, execept the wait here is no better than waiting in the concierge desk in the main lobby....station for about 6 concierge staffs, only 2 are working and there are more guests waiting behind me now....finally another staff comes thru the door and my turn....finally....she's very nice and friendly...arranged for the limo service and now I'm feeling good....until....I bring up the wind blowing in from the vents.....the staff tells me...Concierge Staff: oh that's just the air circulating throughout the hotel....and it is NOT blowing...if anything just a mild circulation....Me: oh....uh.....so other rooms in this hotel have the same 'circulation'? Concierge Staff: Yes. Me: oh....uh.....ok then.....@#$@%#$@$!!!!!! Day of check-out....can't check out using the TV for some reason....go down to the concierge floor to check-out....leave the bags with them to pick them up later at the bell desk. Come back later to pick up the bags and guess what....the bags were not at the bell desk and bell boy went to get them. 1 hour later, the bags finally reunite with the owners....sigh....My trip at the Palazzo started with 'I apologize' and ended with more apologies....for a 5 star resort/hotel and the money I paid to stay there...I should have just stayed at the Wynn....
4	Can you say wow?!  It's a fantastic hotel!  We got awesome deal on a  Palazzo Luxury Suite.  It had a king bed, with flat screen tvs, a great view, a huge bathroom and sunken living room (with a sleeper couch).  And the entire floor came smoke-free.  The casino it self was typical, but the staff was friendly and very accommodating.  If you sign up for Club Grazie, you get $15 of bonus gaming credit.  I'm not a real gambler, but it made for a great 3 hours at the penny slots.They also offer a cheap cab-alternative to the airport.  It was $6 (per person) for a shuttle, which leaves the hotel every 30 minutes on the hour and half hour.  My only complaint is that it's outsourced, so you don't get the same level of customer service as the actually hotel gives.  Our shuttle was about 20 minutes late and when he arrived to pick us up, he ran inside to use the bathroom for about 10 minutes.  We made our flight, but it was still slightly annoying.
5	For the last 3 times I have went to Vegas we have stayed at the Palazzo.  This is the best hotel and room that I have stayed at in Vegas.  The rooms are just amazing.  Each room can easily sleep 5 people, and possibly 6 people if you have 2 smaller people sleep on the pull out couch.  Here is a tip, if you have 5 people going, share the same room, if you can.  Do not tell the hotel that you have 5 people, or they will charge you more.  Just make sure you get 2 queen beds.  This also makes the room very affordable if you split the cost between 5 ways.  The only downside to this hotel is the small sports bookie.  You best bet is to either go to the Venetian to place your bets or collect you winnings at the Venetian.  The lines can get very long since it is small and the Venetian will honor any bets placed at the Palazzo.Overall the rooms are unbeatable and the hotel is great.  I will stay here every chance I get.
5	$250 for two nights what more you ask for a great suite and great view. I have never seen so many tv screen in one room! I will definitely book a room for my next visit in Las Vegas. I had a relaxed stay, friendly staff and the best of all the casino isn't as smokey as the other casinos out there.We had 1 king size bed, remote control for your tv and the curtains? Nice :)
3	For this past New Year's Eve, a few of my buddies and I stayed at the Palazzo. With the economy in the crapper we were able to get a pretty good deal even with it being New Year's Eve in Las Vegas.Checking in, I talked to a very attractive clerk who was well spoken and very friendly. I asked her what she was doing for New Year's and then noticed her ring on her finger. Strike 1.We got into our room which was a dual queen set up. I was struck with deja vu as I thought this was a carbon copy of the Venetian just a different view. However throughout the stay, I was let down even further.Here's a list of complaints I sent to their customer service:When lying down on one of the beds, I noticed several strands of hair on the blanket.A call for a refrigerator was not fulfilled.A request for more glasses in the room  was not fulfilled.Housekeeping did not replenish the glasses in the room.A request for more towels was not fulfilled.The table near the window was dirty and dusty.Of course NYE is busy as hell but it's no excuse for them to not upkeep the standards they have.Besides the room, I found the casino to be very nice and more spacious than the Venetian. The gaming staff was great and of course, lots of fun to be had at TAO and LAVO.Next trip, I'm thinking Encore or back to the Wynn.
5	Great casino, fun place to hang out.
5	I WALKED INTO THE LOBBY AND FELT LIKE JULIA ROBERTS IN PRETTY WOMAN...Bottom line...I LOVE THIS PLACE!  It's a great spot when you have a bunch of people and you can save so much money on a suite!  The suites are HUGE and waaaaay nice!  You have three plasma tv with one of them being in the bathroom!  You really feel like a BALLA in this room!Plus, it's connected to the Venetian so you can enjoy all of the perks of the Venetian as well!  From this point on, every group Vegas trip I take, I will for sure be staying atthe Palazzo!
4	Gorgeous lobby! Suite setup is the same as Venetian, afterall it is an extension of Venetian.  I don't particularly like this hotel better than Venetian but do like the casino better. Not that I play a lot, but I do play the slot machine.  Casino is not as crowded thus you can find spots where there are no smokers around.  Like their coffee shops- food court.  wait a minute am I confused is the food court in Venetian. oh well!  Stayed 2 nights at the Palazzo, got stuck in the snow storm and came back to check in Venetian. That's why I am confused.
5	I had a great time when I was there... I had the  Palazzo Concierge luxury suite all to myself for 4 days while my parents stayed at bellagio. It has 24 hour concierge, makes me feel pretty safe.  Online service about $10 a day. The bed is extremely comfortable and there are 3 HD flat screens. One infront of my bed, one on the lower patio right infront of  the couch & one in the bathroom. I brought my Wii, played that most of the times.. lol.. at night I just get out grab some food from Grand Lux Cafe @ the casino level then go shopping (2nd level).. it basically have everything you need .. Suprising they have CUT my favorite stakehouse.. but table 10 is also pretty good if you're looking for fresh sea food... It sucks i can't do anything there cause i'm not 21 yet. But being in palazzo definitly made the whole trip a lot better =D
3	Too many people are way too impressed by this place for some reason.My gf and I booked a pretty decent deal for 4 nights in December, 2008.  It is probably the most dead time of year in Vegas, given many of the shows are blacked-out, and we paid $119/night through the hotel website.  It was supposed to include some gaming credits and a few other small perks too but I didn't really care, the rate was super cheap.Location is a huge factor in Vegas and the Palazzo location is decent.  It is attached to the Venetian (obviously), and directly across the street from the fashion show mall, the wynn, and Treasure Island.  If you want to take the tram up and down the strip, the nearest access point was a few hotels south (behind Harrah's).Within the Palazzo/Venetian complex is the gondola ride and the "shoppes at the venetian" as the separate shops of the palazzo.  I don't really want to write about the mall quality, so suffice to say there are lots and lots of stores (many of them very high end) and most of them can be found in the other giant hotel malls on the strip.  There are a ton of restaurants just like the other hotels.   Bar Charlie is really good but most of the swanky hotels have equally swanky restaurants.  IMHO, The Palazzo/Venetian is beat by MGM, the Wynn and the Bellagio if you want to argue about which hotel has the most/best restaurants (and I don't want to argue about it).  I'm not sure anyone would pick a hotel based on what restaurants are within.We didn't check out any of the bars/lounges in the hotel, although Lavo seemed to be fairly busy with a good looking crowd.  Tao is in the Venetian and fairly popular but we just checked out the lounge there.The lobby and common areas were very clean and grand and as expected for vegas.  There are lots of fountains and statues and such.  One very annoying feature, at least for me, is the overpowering fragrance that is poured into the lobby and gambling areas of the palazzo and the venetian.  Apparently, a lot of money went in to developing this fragrance and you can probably buy it as a cologne in their gift shop.  I suppose it's meant to cover-up the smell of cigarette smoke.  Whatever.  It is really strong.The rooms are "all-suites" and ours had a sunken living room area at the far end of the room with a nice couch and table.  The view out the window was of the Wynn golf course next door.  The bed was surprisingly disappointing given how new the hotel is.  Maybe we just got unlucky.  The pillows were all way to firm and high for our liking.  They got us some pillows more to our liking upon request.  A comfortable bed is a huge factor for me and I wasn't impressed.  Also, the drawers on the dresser were not on their rollers which was annoying.  A subtle point, yes, but the rollers were not even installed on the dressers.  A small oversight, but it just gives the feel of mass production with lack of attention to detail.The bathroom was beautiful with separate bath and shower.We left tips for the cleaning staff ($5/night) but they didn't do anything special.  I like to take a few shampoos and conditioners because I play hockey and it's nice to have the small little bottles in my hockey bag and the cleaning staff did not replace them even once.  I thought that was kind of funny since I've never had that happen in a hotel before (they ALWAYS give you new ones).  In fact, they didn't even replace the soap after we used it up.  As a result, the "do not disturb" sign took up permanent residence on the door handle to let the cleaning staff know "thanks for nothing."  It made me feel better.I can't comment on the pool area or anything because it wasn't open.  I'm sure it's decent.Lastly, at some point my gf went to ask about the free gaming credits.  It was supposed to be $30 or something.  She even took the printout of the reservation with terms and conditions and such and the front desk refused to honor it.  I thought that was funny because they tried to argue that they were giving us a different deal than the one listed on the printout.  Not a big deal but I just imagine a different scenario where I have to argue with them about something I actually care about and have to deal with their indifference.Anyway, in summary this hotel is nice and new but there are better places to stay.  I guess for a super cheap rate like we got, I would consider staying there again but I'd rather stay at the Wynn across the street (which I did in February).Oh and before I finish, what's the deal with people basing their reviews on how they did at the tables???  So lame...
4	If you are a fan of the Venetian, then you will be a fan of The Palazzo...because its the same hotel...just a little more spruced up. ;-) I mean its got a little more extravagance than The Venetian (in terms of the casino floor, the shops , layout and the restaurants). The suites themselves are just like The Venetian except here at The Palazzo they use a different color scheme in the rooms. The layout of them are exactly the same though. But...since Im a fan of The Venetian, it works well for me. And the view that I had from my room on the 28th floor was incredible. The services are top notch and concierge was excellent in handling any questions I had. Would definitely stay here again...or at The Venetian.
4	Very nice rooms, we stayed here for Super Bowl in the Bella Suite and I was really happy with everything.  The room had a total of 3 flat screens, one 32" in the bedroom, a 42" in the living room, and a 22" in the bathroom.  The 22" bathroom tv was killer and all the other amenities in the room were great as well, super comfy beds.  The staff was great, everyone was really accomidating and very cheerful, all in all a great place to stay, I would reccommend it to anyone!
5	(This review is mainly on the rooms, not the casinos or restaurants). Having grown up in LA, a 3-4 hour drive from Vegas, I've seen my share of Vegas hotels. But after staying that on 2 separate occasions at the Palazzo and Venetian, hands down, I will NEVER stay at another hotel again! This place is the bomb. It just screams elegance. The room/suites are amazing! Sunken living rooms, 3 flat screen TVs including 1 in the bathroom. And the beds were oh so soft and cozy - defiantly calls you after a drunken night out. This hotel is basically the sister hotel of the Venetian, so it looks pretty much the same, with the same amenities inside, just "looks" a bit newer. My 1 and only con - the pool is between both hotels, which meant that you've got 2 fairly tall hotels blocking the sun. Other than that, it's worth the stay!
5	The Palazzo is so glorious...This past weekend was my 2nd time staying at the Palazzo, i stayed here with my fam when it first opened and everything was new, fresh and clean. Even though its been a few years since the Palazzo has opened everything still seems and feels really new here. Its a gorgeous hotel...i definitely think its worth the splurge to stay here. friends and i were planning our big birthday wknd and trying to figure out the hotel situation for 10 girls was a biatch. it took me and my friend 2 months to finally commit to the bella suite at the palazzo (we originally were going to get 2 rooms at TI, or planet hollywood..and im so so so glad we didn't)  10 girls in one room???  somehow, someway it totally worked out.  (btw, i DONT recommend doing this if you have a big group of high maintenance girls...it wont work.)the room we had was gorgeous with 2 flat screen tvs and 2 queen beds. the living room had a really nice L-shaped couch that turned into a pull out. we easily fit 3 girls on each of the beds (actually one night we even fit 4...) and 2 girls on the pull out. bathroom is pretty big and there are mirrors all around the room (not just in the bathroom) which helped a lot! pool deck is nice.. plenty of lawn chairs to lie on and hang out. they have a restaurant on the pool deck also if you want to eat and enjoy the scenery outside... we didn't check it out because they stopped serving breakfast at 11. lavo is located here (right next to the lobby) which was surprisingly a pretty cool club. only go if you don't have to wait in line, personally i don't think its worth going to if you have to wait more than 10-15 minutes to get in.. go clubbing at a bigger/nicer venue (tryst/tao) if you do have to wait in line.didn't gamble much here this past wknd but my friend did introduce me to the big wheel and it is so much fun!  great way to lose your money SLOWLY... anyways, the girls and i loved our stay here...i will definitely be staying here again sometime in the future but ...not in the near future because surprisingly i am getting a bit tired of vegas...
4	I came here last year for a friend's bachelorette party and it was very nice!  Everything was super upscale and the rooms were huge.  The first night we were able to get a FREE upgrade to an awesome suite!  The pool was also really nice - they have lawn chairs that you can bring into the wading pool so that you're not too hot while sunbathing, which was nice.The gambling, however, was way too expensive!  Go blow your money somewhere else.
5	Love this hotel.  Any hotel that claims to be a 5 star hotel must have some of the basic amenities, like bath robes in the room!  ... This hotel measures up to my standards. I highly recommend it.
5	An easy and very impressive five stars. Room size, lighting, furnishings and decor are world class. Minor nits (windows need to be washed) are easily overlooked, given that this place cost half of what it did last year.
4	We all had a great experience at the Palazzo, starting at check in and ending at checkout. The staff is very attentive, friendly and quick to help out with any requests. We got a welcome basket in both our rooms that included prosecco, bath amenities, candy, and chocolates. The rooms were a great size and we were all quite comfortable. We did have trouble initially figuring out how the shower works, and as other people have mentioned, the bathroom seriously needs a vent, and the door knob does not move which can be confusing. Other than that, beautiful hotel, great casino, wonderful restaurants and fun nightlife. Would definitely stay here again!
5	The room was beautiful. Tastefully decorated with enough of the glitz to remind you that you're in Vegas but never on the gaudy side. Our suite had an expansive window that graced us with a beautiful view of the Wynn Golf Resort. We were stuck working for the first two days of our trip but it was more than bearable as we were quite cozy with staying in our room and ordering room service. The location was great as we were across the street from the Fashion Mall, the Wynn, TI and the Venetian. The Forum shops and Paris was a nice stroll away. Overall, we would come back to the Palazzo as it was a treat with the great deals they offered.
1	For a 5 Diamond hotel, service is completely horrible.I expected much more from this resort but was completely let down.  The casino floor sucks, reception area sucks, and room service totally sucks.Reception Area:Small, and busy with long lines.Casino FloorThe layout of the casino is quite small compared to other mega resorts on the strip.  The annoyance of having this be the only casino in Vegas that repeatedly check my ID and my friends is ridiculous. (We are way over 25).  Having the bartender check your ID when you are using "sportsbook" drink voucher is completely ridiculous also.Room Service:Worst part of all.  As part of our package, we were to receive a complimentary champagne gift basket.  Yes we received the gift basket.  Great!  Later on that night at 3am, my friend receives a knock on the door from room service.  The guy at the door was bringing in another "gift basket".  I'm happy they brought another one for us but at 3AM??  Are you kidding me????On our last night there, we left our room at about 12 noon and didn't return until after dinner around 930pm.  To our surprise, the room was not made and we did not have any towels, etc!  For a 5 star hotel, this should not happen.  I call down to the operator and they state someone will come up immediately to fix the room for us.  We then leave and return back at midnight.  The room was still not touched!  I had to call back another time to make the same request.  This time, after we left the room and came back in the morning, it was finally made.If I had a choice between the Palazzo or Wynn/Encore accross the street, I would definitely pick the classier Wynn/Encore.
5	beautiful room! i had a great experience at the palazzo, because it's a new hotel, the sofa, bed, chairs were all nice and comfy / firm. It's not like some hotels where you know the furnitures have been used for years. service was great, we needed an extra blanket..called up the housekeeping dept and w/in 10-15min they brought our blanket. I think that's fast for a hotel. i remember waiting for 40+ min. one time at another hotel. the suites at the palazzo are slightly bigger than at venetians.. but u really cant tell the difference. the floorplan is the same as venetian's. oh yes, definitely will stay there again!
5	Wow, I've never stayed in any place like this.  When we check in, we had out room right away and some free money to play on the slots as well.  I'm glad we stayed here on our last night in Vegas.  It's so spacious and nice.  Flat screens were everywhere.  Bed was definitely comfy.  The robes were hard though so were the towels.  But I guess they absorb the water faster! heheAnyway, nice place to stay but it's way too big for a party of 2.LOVE IT!
5	The Palazzo is just as great as the Venetian.  It certainly lives up to the Venetian reputation.  I stayed here for the first time when Tom W.'s company gave their employees a free trip to Vegas which included a fully paid for two night's stay at this hotel.  I was not disappointed because I was expecting it to be just like the Venetian, which it is!  The room was so big for just the two of us.  I think you can book a room here and fit like 10+ people ;)  I'd definitely stay here again!!!
5	This is where we stayed at our recent trip to Vegas. LOVED it! The room wasn't extremely posh, but I'm still giving it 5 stars. I spent a lot of time in the bathroom with the big tub and the TV. Quite relaxing. I really liked the sunken living room. The room felt like an apartment away from home. The staff was extremely pleasant. We ordered room service twice. Extremely large portions. (thank goodness because of course, it was expensive) I had eggs Benedict. I didn't care for the hollandaise sauce. The meal came with two eggs Benedict's, potatoes, too large Texas size toasts, and a blueberry muffin. I also had the chicken pot pie. ...YUM After eating and I got full, it looked like there was the whole plate left. It was very fulling. That meal came with rolls - the only dissatisfying part. ...they were cold and hard. I would definitely stay here again. I hear that The Venetian has the same looking room.
3	I previously stayed at the Venetian and was excited to see what the Palazzo had to offer.Upon arrival, we went to check-in at the front desk.  Our friends got there first and had left a room key for us under my name.  After giving him my driver's license, he asked if the room was possibly under a different name.  I gave two possibilities and he said that none were found in the system--implying we were basically SOL.  Unable to get a hold of my friends, he continued to dilly dally on the computer and found something that remotely looked like my name and indicated that it had been spelled wrong.  At this time, he became much more pleasant and polite.  He decided to tell us about the "great" rooms at the Palazzo and how they are the largest on the Strip.  Whatever, you're an ass.  We were told our bags would be up in about 15 minutes, mind you, it was about 1:00am at this time--there was no rush of people checking in.  It took over an hour for us to get our bags!  The room itself is actually smaller than what I remember the size of the rooms at the Venetian being.  In an effort to be modern, their furniture in turn actually looks dark and boring.The rest of our weekend went off without a hitch, well, sort of (be wary of the Chicken Lettuce Wraps from the Grand Lux Cafe!).  But, the pools are really nice and are located on the 3rd floor I believe.  The three flat screen TVs in the room were also very nice.  And, I have to admit, we had a pretty beautiful view of the Wynn Hotel and Golf Course from our room.
4	I was a HUGE fan of the Venetian and with the addition of the Palazzo, this is now my favorite hotel in Vegas.  The suites are beautifully decorated and bigger than my old apartment in NYC!  Attached to the prorperty is all the amenities of the Venetian plus a new shopping arcade that features Barneys New York, Tory Burch, DVF and many of the most stylish designers.  The entire visual experience of the Venetian just puts you in a great mood, a very different experience from other casino focus hotels.
5	I simply loved my stay at The Palazzo!!!The staff is very kind and courteous and the hotel is equisite.  From the ferraris parked out front-- to the enourmous lobby with giant flower arrangements-- to the BEAUTIFUL variety of suites( every room is a suite in the palazzo)...My Bf and I were fortunate enough to get an upgrade to a fancier more luxurious(they are all amazing) suite then we originally booked that was on the 48th floor & included a private movie theatre, piano that could play itself, bar, living room, two bathrooms, one w/ a jacuzzi bathtub and a shower that had like 8 shower nozzels!!  The rate for that room is usually $2,000 a night however, we booked it for $450!  The Palazzo is located on the best part of the strip and has ,many pools, bars, restaurants, casinos, ect..  I can't wait to go back.  This was definitley the nicest hotel I have ever stayed at...and that is saying alot! :-)Thank you Palazzo!!   My highlight was the staff...five stars all the way.  Not a single staff member was unpleasant our entire stay...the staff did everything they could to make our visit a memorable one, and I appreciate that above all!!....
4	I loved the Palazzo in terms of hotel comfort and room 'luxe'.  The room was very spacious, like an apartment size, with a great sunken living room, separate water closet inside of the bathroom with its own door, glass shower and separate tub; flatscreen TV in bathroom as well as TV facing the bed and in the sunken living room; remote controlled shades and curtains; separate lighting and outlets on each side of the bed, in each nightstand.  Very lovely furniture (dark woods, lush fabrics, light, clean linens).  Small in-suite minuses: mini-bar only, with no other refrigerator to speak of in case you were bringing water or drinks from elsewhere; remote for living room TV did not work; getting free WiFi access (as promised with our conference/group, that was staying) was not that simple and the hotel staff didn't seem to know about it; severe lack of towels in the bathroom (one bath towel, one hand towel, and two washcloths per guest with no extras); no trash can liners in the living room- I hate to ruin those lovely leather trash cans!  The hotel was very comfortable and a beautiful property.  The elevator propelled us up to the 34th floor without a problem.  Room keys were checked before guests could enter the elevator.  Security was on it.  The Palazzo has an amazing number of restaurants to offer, and shopping.  Its attached shops include the Guerlain boutique and Christian LaBoutin, so yes, I'm a fan!  There are many executive-celebrity chef restaurants both in the Palazzo and their attached shops.  We tried Dal Toro and also Del Monico's, as well as having drinks at B&B.  The Palazzo has a strong fragrance wafting throughout its corridors and casino area, it's especially noticeable in the lobby, a strong floral fragrance that bothered my allergies a bit.  They should tone this down some.  The casino floor was very neat, clean and several "corridors" in the casino were blissfully smoke-free.  The Palazzo also gave us a $50 slot voucher upon check-in with our group.  I was the most unsatisfied with the front desk staff and the phone service to the front desk.  We arrived after 2:30pm and they had us down for a room with double beds instead of one king, although I specified one king.  Our room was not ready.  We had to wait until after 5:15pm to go up to our room, and thus had to check our luggage because we had to register for the conference (we went for MFest, which was great).  I was dead tired, having been up since 3:45 that morning.  I was not happy our room wasn't ready, and then to have to wait that long was BAD.  Then, when we got to our room, the cleaning crew was in there and they had just started.  They questioned whether it was our really our room!  We showed them that our keys worked! We did not want to go back downstairs, because the porter was coming up with our bags.  So, we stayed in the living room until the luggage arrived.  The cleaning crew was nice and polite but this is a BAD way to run a front desk.  And, the Palazzo has an 11am check out time.  What did they do when I asked to be given a late check out on our last day (a Monday?)  They only gave us an hour, 12:00, which is when most places normally allow you to check out.  Plus, considering our ordeal, I was NOT happy.  I should have complained more.  Maybe a letter is in order.  I feel they should have at least made up for the almost 3 hours we had to wait until our room was really "ready"!  Overall a nice stay, but the front desk needs a lot of work.  Every time I had to call from the room, I was on hold at least 5 to 10 minutes.  At least the parking is safe and secure, and they do not charge casino guests.  Overall, I'd love to come back, but I hope they iron out these issues, and fast.  The pool area is also lovely and relaxing.  I'll give it another try!
4	Excellent service and spacious rooms, what's not to love!  There were 3 flat screen tvs in my suite and the bed was a huge california king.  Service all around was fast, friendly and attentive.  We went over to the Venetian (the Palazzo's older, sister hotel) to eat at B&B (Mario Batalli's restaurant) and see Phantom of the Opera and had a terrific experience.  I would definitely stay here again.
4	Great rooms, easy access in and out this place really did a terrific job.  I had the choice between here and Encore and don't regret it one bit.    Only subtracted a star because they charged me $50 to do a late checkout.
5	The instant I entered the hotel lobby the very first thing I noticed was the scent. It smells like gardenias. More specifically like Fracas perfume. I was instantly smitten. The hotel is one of the newest addition to the strip, built less than a year ago. It's the sister hotel to the Venetian. The appearance of the Palazzo's lobby was very elegant and grand. There's a fountain at its center that stands under a large glass cupola. Old world Italian design is the main architectural theme of the hotel. The casino was sparkling clean and was not yet imbedded with the scent of cigarette smoke like some of the other long standing casinos on the strip. I later learned that the hotel is a LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certified property, smoking is off limits for the majority of the hotel, including 50 percent of the casino. It is the worlds largest LEED certified building. One thing that I was so taken with about the Palazzo was that each and every room is a suite. With not 1 or 2 flat screen TVs, but a whopping 3. I died. One in the living area, one in the bedroom, and most importantly one in the bathroom. Speaking of the  bathroom, it's well stocked with Agraria Lemon Verbena bath products. The service and attention to detail and quality at the hotel, casino, restaurants, and shops at the Palazzo was top notch. I'd stay here again and recommend it to others.
4	I like this place.. I like it a lot... I usually stay at the Venetian or the Palazzo when I hit Vegas.  The rooms are spacious and well decorated.  Service is wonderful.  The pool area is a great place to hang out for a couple of drinks, catch some rays and check out the scenery.  I like this place so much that it makes me feel like moving to Vegas every time I go there.  That is until I look into my empty wallet at the end of my trips and realize that my LA dollars have a terrible exchange for LV dollars!
1	I had a terrible stay at Palazzo.  I am a mother of eight so I am not a picky individual.  I was shocked at the way my husband and I were treated during our stay at Palazzo.  The first night we checked in, I decided to take a bath (since I am never able to take a bath in peace at home because of all of the children).  I took my bath and when I reached for a towel a giant moth flew out of it, and hit me in the mouth.  I decided not to make a big deal of it, even though I had trouble sleeping that night.The next evening my husband and I brought dinner back to our room so we could enjoy the quiet and spend some time alone (something that doesn't happen in our home).  I set up dinner on the table, and as I reached across the table I bumped the lamp, out flew two giant moths.  I ran across the room and jumped onto the bed, and out of the curtains that hung over the bed, flew two more mouths, I was horrified.  I walked quickly over to the desk picked up the phone and dialed zero.  I explained the situation to the operator and her response to me was "so what do you want me to do".  I could not believe that those words had come from her mouth.  I then opened the curtain to look out of the window and two more mouths flew out.  Six giant mouths were flying around my room, and I was being talked to on the phone, as if I was bothering the operator.  She transferred me to housekeeping, who shared the same attitude as the operator "I'll send someone up" she said.   A man shows up with a vacuum that proceeds to chase eight giant moths around my room sucking them into the vacuum hose one by one.  Yes eight giant mouths were flying around our dinner, our heads and our room by the time housekeeping arrived.  After the forty five minute process of mouth hunting by housekeeping, he showed us a crack in the window and said they are coming from here.  He let us know that if anymore flew in from the crack he would be right up to suck them into his vacuum.  I asked if I could switch rooms and he said he didn't think so but he wasn't sure. Our dinner was cold, and I was so groused out I couldn't even eat. At one point my husband accidental dropped a piece a paper onto my foot and I screamed at the top of my lungs assuming it was a moth.  I stared at the window and the crack in it for a long time and decided I couldn't stay in that room. I did eventually get a manger to change my room (which I had to carry all ofmy own bags to).I was happy that I got to move and was glad that I would be able to be in a mouth free room.  I could not believe my eyes, or my nose, when I got into my new room.  The room was dirty, smelled like dust and mold and had smiley faces drawn on the granite from the guest before us. The worst thing, and even grouser than the moths, was the bath tub, it had several pieces of hair in it and near the faucet handles.  Needless to say my stress free stay at Palazzo wasn't so stress free. I will be Yelping this! Truly mortified,Joyce Isas
4	Since I love the Venetian so much, it pains me to give the Palazzo only 4 stars, but that's exactly what it deserves.  If I didn't have such high expectations, I might have given this place 5 stars, but I thought The Palazzo would be bigger and better than the Venetian and it simply wasn't.  Although it's definitely a luxurious hotel, it lacks the spirit that the Venetian has.  I mean...consider this:a) Venetian has TAO, while Palazzo is stuck with Lavo.  Nothing against Lavo, but it's just so insignificant compared to TAO.b) The Grand Lux Cafe at Venetian is open 24/7, whereas the same restaurant at the Palazzo is not.  We found that out the hard way.c) The casino at the Venetian was still crazy and energetic at 5am, while the casino at the Palazzo was fairly dead.All in all, I enjoyed my stay at the Palazzo - but I spent most of my days and nights wandering over to the Venetian or to the nearby Wynn and Encore.  If you don't mind walking a bit, then sure...I'd recommend staying at the Palazzo.  If you're lazy like me and want everything to be there right when you get off of the elevator, then just stick with the original.
4	I'm definitely a new fan of the Palazzo.  This was my first time staying here and I gotta say the room was more than what I expected.  Typically, rooms in Vegas are pretty small, think 300-400 sq. ft.  When booking the room I noticed that their regular rooms were close to 800 sq. ft.  Hmm, more room's always nice.  So it was a treat having a separate sunken living room with a big sofa that could actually fit me lying down.  3 different flat screens, living room, bedroom and bathroom areas means I can have multiple games on at once.  Muahaha.  Pretty cool vibe, throughout the casino and the hotel.  Got to check in early and reception was pretty expedient and knowledgeable.
4	We stayed here for a few nights recently and were very impressed. The room had two queen beds and a separate living area with fancy schmanzy remote controlled roman shades and drapes. The bathroom was super duper and the view of TI across the street with the mountain backdrop was very special. We liked the ambiance of the casino: not noisy or too crowded, plenty of penny slots for those of us who are gambling impaired. The only fly in the ointment was the total lack of knowledge of the staff. From the front desk to the concierge to the wait staff, not one person answered our questions correctly. They were friendly and seemed helpful but clueless. Also our room safe was locked on arrival and it took three phone calls and 50 mins for them to send someone to open it for us.
4	I loved Room 40-2008.  Ask for this room or one with the same floor plan.  Corner over-sized king suite.Really old, unattractive phones for a new hotel.  Why?
2	I was heading to Vegas for a conference and they had a deal at Palazzo for the conference.  So choosing convenience over price, I stayed figuring I'm going to get a great treat.I write this early review after only being in my suite for about 20 minutes.  There are some things that should just be documented.Arriving, it was first class all the way.  Limited access to the taxi line at the front of the hotel and a gentleman to hold the door for me.  As I approached the check-in desk, a hostess asked my last name and "presented me" to the desk clerk.  We made small talk as she asked me whether I wanted a high floor or low floor, a room with a King or 2 queen beds, a smoking or non-smoking room.  I answered low floor, king near the elevator, non-smoking.  I received my keys and she showed me on a map to the elevators.I got to the bank and I see I'm on the 42nd floor.  OK, maybe this is the lowest she could get me with a King, non-smoking near the elevator.  I took the extremely quiet and effortless elevator ride and got off on 42.  I immediately noticed I was nowhere near the elevators.  Instead I was at the end of the hall.  OK... not that far to walk.  I put my key in the room and enter and immediately notice it's 2 Queen beds, not the king I requested.  OK... not a big deal.  How much space do I really need.  And who knows... maybe I'll have a friend stay in town from LA while I'm here, and now they have a place to crash.  No big deal.I also notice that the room is huge.  2 beds and a few steps down to a sunken living room, complete with L-shaped sofa, coffee table, a medium-sized dining table and a work desk, complete with fax and printer.I also noticed that the credenza was moved like somebody was trying to get to the switch behind it.  I also noticed 2 moths flying around the room, bouncing into the lights and pictures in the room.  I noticed that the room doesn't have a laundry bag so I can store my dirty clothes.  And it's hot!  Nothing like entering a hotel room that is nearly as hot as it is outside.  And today, in Vegas it was about 99 degrees.  I turn on the air and decide it's time to checkout the bathroom to take a leak.  The toilet seat nearly falls off!I plugged in and the wi-fi and internet is $9.95 per day, so I'm using my own Sprint card to post this.For the price my company is paying for me to stay here, and for the quality of what I expected walking in the door, I'm pretty unimpressed with my first impression.  I've already put a call into maintenance, and they say they'll send somebody up quickly to address the moth, but it may not be until tomorrow morning to move the credenza or tighten the toilet.  They offered to move me, but I'm already unpacked and settled in for the night.  I'm not moving unless it's right next door, and they can't promise that.Maybe I'll post an update.  Pretty unimpressive so far.
4	I stayed here in january and I have to say I was really impressed. The rooms were sweet!! I had a suite to myself and let's just say it was more than enough room. I think the bathroom was my favorite. haha. I know vegas is the city that never sleeps but when I hit that amazing king bed lights were out and I never slept so well. The view was great even though it wasn't the strip, it was super clean and the elevators went a a decent speed :PI have to give a shout out to the concierge  ( I want to say his name is Frank, older gentleman)  for two things. One he was extremely helpful with helping me get tickets to go see a show in Vegas for a reasonable price, and I forgot my cell phone charger and he so kindly charged my phone while I was at the spa.  Thank you again!Canyon Ranch Spa ( I think thats the name) Was great and relaxing. The massage could have been a little nicer but I think that was partly my fault of not speaking up. The only thing that bothered me was the old ladies who stared and lurked away when me and my friend went to use the day spa in the nude. (It's a nude optional spa) They thought we were strippers or something cause we actually wax. Whatever, it still was worth it.  I would definitely stay here again :)
4	Definitely the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at in vegas. We got 2 joint suites, and the rooms were nicee! The bed is super comfy, and I was really consider stealing their comforter! HAHA jk. The bathroom is pretty nice. ooh.. the coolest part is when we wanted to close the blinds.. and it was remote control.. I think one of our girl pressed a button and it closed by itself. HAHA impressive! I didn't like the couch though.. its not comfortable. The pull out bed SUCKED. 5 mins on it and I had backache. We had 12 girls, and 2 suite.. one of the suite was comp.. so that sssssweeet! It was spacious, fit 6 girls per room.. no problemo! So I don't really know about the pricing..There's a mall in the hotel. I love that it was connected to the Venetian, so we kept going back and forth. I think its nicer and a modern version of Venetian. The gambling area is much nicer.. the chair was much more comfy than venetian. HEY , its important when I spent the whole night at the paigow table!  But I definitely like staying here and will come back in the future =)
4	I filled in a survey of the hotel on our return home and received a reply two days later. They apologised profusely for the problems we had encountered and pledged to work on those issues. They also offered to send us each a $50.00 food and beverage credit and personal reservation service should we give them another try. I was impressed and feel that I would indeed stay there again on a visit to Vegas.
5	best hotel in vegas, hand down!
1	Did not stay here...just commenting about the public areas. It looks like a decent place to hang out except for the perfumy STENCH when you walk in. They pump a nauseating, sickly sweet cloying "fragrance" into the casino and lobby that made me and my boyfriend want to get out as quickly as we could. I want to rename this place the POLLUTEZZO!
2	All the rooms are suites, so the room was really nice, however you can get a room like that in any other hotel for maybe a cheaper price. The shower was amazing, but the bathtub (seperate from the shower) was pretty normal, didn't have jets or anything. I personally had a great view, but had to p[ay extra for that too. The hallways in the hotel were dark and shady looking (maybe that's what they were going for?). The check-in and restaurant services were great. Dos Caminos had great waiters. They DO NOT have a buffet, because the owner doesn't believe in buffets. The thing that ruined my trip to the Palazzo was the HORRIBLE room service. I got there and was starving but didnt want to go to the restaurant because it was 3pn, and we were going to grab something to eat at 7. So i decided to order buffalo wings (tasted amazing). They said it was going to take 20-35 minutes for the wings. 45 minutes later nothing. I called to check on it and they said that they will be there in 10 minutes. 30 minutes later, still nothing. I called to make sure they had the right room and they said that they are on their way. an hour and 40 minutes later, i got my buffalo wings. Not only that, but they charged me 18% for tip, so my buffalo wings actually cost me $24, (it was $15 on the menu + $4 delivery fee + tip). The person who brought my food wasn't very friendly either. Then the someone calls me back from room service and told me that they needed my cc information because they don't charge to the room. Why couldn;t they have told me that earlier?Anywho, I've experienced A LOT better. Palazzo is definitely not in the same runnings as Venetian, Belagio, or Wynn. I would say that they would be in the same running as Harrah's possibly. Basically, for the price it's not worth it. This is all Hype.
4	Overall good experience, a few things that stood out:- Very generous-sized rooms - a bedroom area and a "living room" area along with a large bathroom and yes a flatscreen TV in every one of those 3 rooms.- Some of the fixtures were missing (like the mini bar handle) and there was a drawer that was not on the rollers properly.  Small things, but surprising that the upkeep of the rooms were less than I would expect for such a fancy place.- Pool area was nice and the waitstaff even hands out cucumbers and chilled washcloths at various times.  However, the struggle of finding a lounge chair on a weekend is ridiculous as most people just leave their shit on a chair per person, even if they never sit on it and you can't tell when people have left.  Also, due to the positioning of the pools between the towers, you can't catch any sun until around noon time.  - Other than Grand Luxe cafe, not many casual dining options other than the food court at the Palazzo/Ventian shops and no buffet available!
5	We have stayed here twice over the past year and we loved every moment of it! It's a beautiful hotel which has an elegance to it. Don't even bother paying the extra 50 bucks for a room with a view, because it seems every room in the hotel has beautiful views! We had a beautiful unobstructed view of the Wynn golf course in room 39-717. Also if you have the late-night munchies (after a long night of clubbing) stop by the Grand Lux and order some food to go! We took ours up to our room, ate it and passed out in a drunken mess... Good times!
3	They said sorry in an Email and that they will hook it up next time we visit.. We will see!
5	Stayed at the Palazzo in May, 2009, and loved it!  The rooms are reminiscent of The Venetian...I think the only difference are simply the colors in the room...other than that they are an exact replica.  The rooms are like old-school suites...very lush fabrics and lots of suede and leather.  Great bathroom that again, is exactly like the bathrooms at The Venetian.The best part of the Palazzo is simply the location!  It's close to everything, the Fashion Show Mall, The Wynn/Encore, The Venetian, Treasure Island, etc.  It's nice not to have to take a cab anywhere!Oh and this review wouldn't be complete without a mention of the kick-@** pool!  Such a place to see and be seen, yet at the same time a little more mellow than other hotel pools.  The pool deck area gets tons of sun, so bring your sunscreen.  Also, The Venetian pools (including Tao Beach) and The Palazzo pools connect by a walkway so make sure you check it out.  The restaurants in the Palazzo: LAVO, Dos Caminos, etc, are aces!  And Jersey Boys!  The show and the theater are incredible.  The simple fact that Frankie Valli music plays in the elevator upped this rating to the 5th star!
3	If you keep walking through The Venetian, before you know it you'll be inside its little brother The Palazzo.  It's not quite as over the top as the Venetian, but what it lacks in Gondolas, it more than makes up for in class.  This place just oozes richness, and has its own fair share of fancy looking dining establishments that tempt your wallet as well.
3	3.5 starsI stayed at the Palazzo for 3 nights for a conference. The conference people offered a special room price at $216 per night. Hm, that's a special deal? I wonder what the regular price for this place is.The check-in was a breeze. Service was top notch. Everyone was polite, but I got a sense of surly but impersonal service. A bit like dealing with an automated machine, if that makes sense.Our room at the Palazzo was one of the best rooms I have stayed in my life. The room was very spacious (about 800 sq. ft.) -- as big as our apartment, and the bathroom is bigger than our bedroom!!! All marble, beautifully appointed. 3 flat screen TVs!!!!!! Opulent.I paid extra $65 for a view. Well, the view was ok, but I'm not sure if it's worth additional $65. I was excited to see the Treasure Island Siren/Pirate show from our room, but the show was canceled during our stay. Boo~ The wireless connection was strong. The roman shade and curtain are controlled by a remote. The curtains blocked out the bright Las Vegas strip light completely.However, the sheets were not as luxurious as everything else in the room. I felt like I was sleeping under a sheet of paper! Yes, it hurt my skin. The pillows aren't very comfortable either -- a little too soft for me.We signed up for Club Grazie online and got a $15 gambling credit. Free money, sweet~ The slot machines paid out pretty well, although it could have been the beginner's luck. I earned $328 with the $15 credit. :D Everything in this hotel is expensive even for Las Vegas standard. At the same time, the casino floor felt much more calm and classier than other places, which I did like.I splurged my winning on a $90 pedicure at the Canyon Ranch spa. Holy crap, that was an expensive pedicure. It was nice, and I got to keep the nail polish, but I felt guilty for spending $90 on a pedicure. Back in Oakland, I can get a full body massage for $90.I would have bumped it up to 5 stars, but here are the reasons why I will not return to Palazzo:1) Smell: If you are sensitive to smell, you will notice a very strong perfume smell permeating outside and throughout the hotel premises. Certain areas -- entry and front desk, etc. exhibit exceptionally concentrated dose of perfume. The same smell exists at the sister establishment, Venetian. I am very sensitive to smell and can't use any scented lotions or deodorants. I felt nauseated during my stay, and I  I ended up leaving the Palazzo because of it. 2) Lay out: It's very easy to get lost in this place. The signs aren't very noticeable and it's easy to find yourself inside the Venetian and difficult to find your way back to the Palazzo. I felt involuntarily trapped in the casino and shopping area. It's bad enough that you have to walk through the casino to get to the guest rooms!!!3) Casino waitresses never came around during the 2.5 hours I spent at the slot machines. When I was at the Mirage, I was offered drinks 3 times in 2 hours. 4) Pool: The pool area itself is nice, but there is no wait service. 5) Linen: As stated above, the sheets hurt my skin. They should provide higher quality linen, since they are charging a handsome amount and selling themselves as a luxury establishment. Las Vegas just isn't my kind of town, and staying at Palazzo was so so.
3	Probably the worst experience I've had with hotel service in Vegas, but since the actual hotel and amenities were on the nicer side, I won't rip them entirely apart.  Just kidding.I must say that things got off on a bad start, as there were pretty severe delays in checking in (~3:30 pm).  I would think that the hotel should have rooms ready by the check-in time (3 pm)?!?!  Is that really too much to expect?  Such false advertisement.I had reserved a Bella View suite but for some reason the lady at the front desk could not locate my reserved suite!  She wasn't very friendly, nor cheerful, unlike other front desk staff I have spoken to in the past at MGM Grand and Mandalay Bay.  It sounded like the Palazzo was busy that weekend (Memorial Day) since she was asking another gentleman working next to her, who was helping another guest,  "Did you find one yet?  I'm still looking...I need a Bella View."  From that I realized that their reservation logistics are definitely not up to par with other luxury hotels.  Being a busy weekend is most certainly NOT a valid excuse for such delays -- it is something all hotels should plan (and hope) for.  Anyway, her searching on the computer left me waiting at the front counter for several minutes.  After turning up nothing, she informed me that she would go check with her manager, who was in the back room apparently.  Then she disappeared for a good 5 minutes or so, all the while I was left standing there waiting.  When she finally popped out from the back room, she printed out the paperwork and all, and only offered a very terse apology, which I felt sounded a bit insincere.After having gone through that (I guess at that point I didn't mind the delay TOO much...I was in Vegas afterall!), I was finally looking forward to relax a bit in the suite before heading out to play on the Strip.  However, once we got to our floor and were approaching our room, we were a little confused since the suite that appeared to be ours had its door wide open....and it turns out that freaking housekeeping was STILL IN THE SUITE.  ARGH.  Such delays!  They told us to wait in the hall (with luggage in our hands!) for 10-15 minutes while they finished cleaning.  WTF right?!   Pretty inconsiderate if I do say so myself.  First the delay during check-in and now this.  I was so frustrated at this point.  Once we were let in and unpacked, I went down to the lobby to report the housekeeping delays and a cracked mirror we found in the suite (as to not get charged for damages we did not cause).  I couldn't believe the response I received after informing them of our situation.  The concierge merely offered a brief apology and mentioned that it happened a few times that day already to other guests as well.  Um, does that really make it ok??  That's it?  Great.  My stay has SIGNIFICANTLY improved since your little verbal apology.I've been to Vegas on several other big holiday weekends, so hotels being busy isn't something new to me and I've never had any problems like this in the past.  The treatment I received and the lack of service at the Palazzo really surprised and disappointed me.  I made sure to address these concerns in an online survey that they email guests after their stay.  I did receive an email reply, but again, it was just another short apology and claim that they care about their patrons, and a request to give them another chance.  Pffft....unless there is some way you can demonstrate your sincere care and concern for your patrons, I'm not sure I'll ever stay here again...Next time...we'll Wynn!
4	This is one of the best hotels I've stayed in Sin City. Our party got 2 adjoining rooms. Each room was AWESOME! So huge! There were 2 flat panel tv's - one in the bedroom and another in the living room section. And also one in the huge bathroom. Decor was nice. I especially liked that you can open and close your curtain with a remote...pretty nifty.No one brought a laptop, so I can't speak for the internet connection. There was a printer near the desk so I'm sure that would be handy for anyone bringing in a laptop.Everyone that worked there was very friendly. The layout of the casino is actually pretty confusing, so getting lost wasn't hard..and that's sober. Imagining when you've got some alcohol in you.We visited the pool Azure which is 21 and over. We were going to rent a cabana, but it was $1000, so we opted to find a spot on our own. We actually got lucky and found a section with a little pool - pretty semi-private so we were all happy that we didn't have to spend a dime for pooltime. We even got a chance to catch the Saturday Fashion Show. Cute bikinis/accessories and pretty models, which you can purchase at the shop (the bikinis/accessories - not the pretty models).Overall, I enjoyed our stay at The Palazzo and would highly recommend it! =)
5	I am a frequent visitor to Las Vegas, I try to make it there at least 8 times a year and I have stayed at almost all of the big name hotel/casinos.  I am partial to the Hard Rock Hotel due to familiarity with the staff, concerts, Party people every where and of course the access to the Rehab pool party, but I must say that the Palazzo is by far the best hotel I have stayed at to date.  Check in was speedy and easy, the gentleman at the check in desk who helped me was far beyond accommodating and aimed to please.  My room was beautiful!  So spacious and clean, with the best view of the Palazzo pools and the strip.  I see that some people have said that they were easily lost in this hotel but I did not have this problem.  I ordered room service and we received it in a reasonable amount of time, it was delicious however, extremely pricey.  You might want to pass on that.  We loved our room so much we opted to stay 1 more night.  I went down to talk to the same gentleman and he was awesome, he gave us a GREAT deal on our additional night.  I will stay here again and again!
4	This is a solid 4 star hotel---maybe, even 5 for Vegas.I have to go to Vegas for conventions and am not that big of a fan. The Palazzo went for $119 on Hotwire which was a real bargain. Since it's part of the Venetian, you get the amenities, shopping, gambling and location which come with The Venetian, only a much nicer room.They tried to up-sell me at the front desk which is annoying and typical of Vegas. "Welcome to Las Vegas sir, can I please take all of your money?". That gets old after the 30th time. Las Vegas is really hurting due to the economy, so deals are out there and this is a great deal for $119!
3	I stayed here for a week. Compared to the Trump suit I stayed at during my last trip to Vegas, I was not impressed with my room at the Palazzo. Things I found annoying:1. The sheets on the bed are not soft. They feel scratchy and hard. The white comforter was not clean with spots and stains all over it. 2. The t.v. took way too long to respond to the remote control. It was frustrating. 3. The remote controlled curtain opener and closer did not work properly.4. The lights were too bright and harsh, especially the ones over the bed.5. The couch was not comfortable and the coffee table looked old with scratches and dings all over it. 6. The shower faucet did not have a strong stream.7. Warning- the "refreshment center" has an automatic electronic charging system. My boyfriend pulled something out to look at it and was charged $40. He called and they removed the charge.What I liked:1. Plenty of hot water. I took a hot bath almost every day. The tub was roomy and deep. 2. TV in the bathroom was convenient during bath time.3. Copy and fax machine in the room (however, the ink cartridge was empty)4. The safe was large.5. The bed was comfortable.
5	We loved the hotel.  Lots of room for everyone to spread out.  There is a lot to walk around and look at, at the hotel.  The staff was very helpful.
4	Any Vegas hotel would deserve 10 stars after getting 3 nights free (thank you to this reviewer's friend's mom who's a gambling superstar) right? Don't get me wrong, I loved it and it was probably one of the nicest rooms I've ever stayed in but I'm saving 5 stars for the dream hotel of my future. Courteous staff members and a sweet connection with the Venetian allowing for Palazzo guests to access Tao Nightclub and the Venetian poolsides adding up to more bodies of water than this girl could swim in. They are all 4 feet deep or shallower - probably because of the colorful fruity drinks people were downing, better safe than sorry! Employees even came around with ice-cold lavender scented face towels for the sunbathers.The only place to eat is the Grand Luxe Cafe but they're open till 6 am and have reasonably priced breakfasts and lunches. I slept on the fold-out couch and it definitely wasn't that comfortable but the pillows were lovely and downy. 3 TV's almost seemed like over-kill especially with one located in the bathroom! It's like surround-sound but not so practical. I'd definitely be a repeat customer but no one has to bend my arm to try the other LV hotels too. =)
4	Don't let the four stars fool you, because a 5 star would be for a hotel that is so exclusive, I have to beg to get in! 4 stars is good.First of all, The Palazzo is my absolute favorite place to stay in Vegas, and I refuse to stay anywhere else unless it's at the Wynn, but The Palazzo comps a lot more generously than the Wynn.  Heres the reason why I adore the Palazzo.(1) The rooms are just fantastic.  Spacious with a lot of room and huge fancy bathroom with fancy equipment.  Like a remote for the curtains? It's nice to wake up first thing in the morning-afternoon, roll over and push a button and see that it is nice and sunny outside and most importantly, you're in LAS VEGAS!!!(2) Service is top-notch.  Some reviewers commented on bad service, but I have never received anything else but professionalism.  I think friendliness is a plus, but that's more of a personality to me. Professionalism is a must. (3) The elevator to the room isn't a walk from the casino floor, which is a plus for the gamblers.  Love to be able to see the tables right when I step out from the elevator.Though I must admit, that the Palazzo lacks a lot of things that the other hotels offer, such as choices of restaurants and buffet.  But that's what the Venetian is for.  Palazzo seems more like an extra building to offer rooms with more tables for the gamblers.  It's a lot more quiet than the Venetian, which I love.  Though I did encounter people who don't know how to gamble TRY gambling at the table, but it doesn't happen often, probably not as often as the Venetian.  Also, it's bright and a lot more roomy.In conclusion, if you're a gambler, stay at the Palazzo.  For the partiers, do me and yourself a favor and stay the Venetian.  No need to distract the gamblers with your panty hose.
4	After reading some of the reviews of the Palazzo ( aka. someone complaining because they were charged for taking something out of the mini fridge, LOL) I decided to write my own. I had walked through the Palazzo on a previous trip to Vegas, before I became the semi hardcore gambler that I now am , and loved it! I thought it was really nice and after seeing the pics and the size of the suites on the net .We decided to book because we saw the summer suite package with some amenities ( voucher to Dos Caminos, Woo, Lavo, and slot credit) Just as a side note, we only used 1 of the vouchers- didn't even use the slot credit because their casino sucks but ill get on to that later. When we finally booked the rates came out to be about 345/night from the 169 we had anticipated because we requested a room on a high floor with a view and didn't really want to leave it to chance. We got to the hotel around 12:30pm, checked in and even though there was a huge line our room was ready right away! First impression of the room was like... is this some kind of joke???? some of the things were definitely scuffed and had the price not been so high ( in my opinion) then i wouldn't have cared but in order to make this trip awesome for my boyfriend I didn't complain and immediately warmed up to the room. The room itself is HUGE - we had the sectional sofa, coffee table with ottoman, 3 TVs a desk area with printer - internet access for my laptop , The beds were SUPER COMFORTABLE and are far more comfortable then the beds at the WYNN - The room was also well lit, but with the lit bar area we created a really nice ambiance when we just wanted to relax. Bathroom had separate shower and bathtub ( We had really nice bubble baths here!! if you don't bring your own, go across the street to bed bath and beyond and get some!) 2 sinks - which is necessary since my BF makes a HUGE MESS when he shaves. It also had a really cute and comfortable vanity for makeup. Only downside of staying here is that the casino is small , has high minimums even though its freaking empty and frankly, for about 3 minutes i can hop over to the venetian casino which is much better. And also good for me , we were close to the Encore which is where I left my bankroll =) OH!!!! I almost forgot - we had friends staying at the Wynn (THANKFULLY) cause their pool is 100000 times better then Palazzo - I took one look at the pool area and walked out - there were so many people in such small areas that they looked like ants and the chairs had no cushions -( I'm spoiled, lol )
2	So. I just got back from Vegas, and stayed at, of course.. The Palazzo.  Well, I must say.. couple months really did some damage to the casino.  Can't believe I'm going to give this place 2 stars but whatever has got to be done.(1) Service just got horrible.  It went from a solid A to a very average C.  And trust me, average is not acceptable in Vegas. With all the competition they have, it was very disappointing experience this time around.  From the front desk to the casino credit, it was very just average.  Maybe even a little below for the price they charge you for room.(2) Room was still big and comfortable as I remember. But can the cleaning service be upgraded?! If the room wasn't comped, I would've been even more mad... but because it was free, I can't complain that much right? But at $350/night regularly, it was quite annoying that the cleaning lady could not distinguish lotion between conditioner.  I was in the shower, shampooed my hair, great.  Time to condition my hair... but wait, what is this, the lotion? Since when did people lotion their body in the shower? Very irritating when it took me almost an hour brushing my hair just because someone can't distinguish between lotion & conditioner.  Also, I was looking for my glasses that I left on the nightstand for about an hour, only to realize that the cleaning lady decided to tuck it into the bottom drawer. (Even though I specifically told them not to clean anything BUT the bathroom). Ugh.(3)  Gaming wise... wow. Must say, pit boss's and dealers got super unfriendly.  Maybe they've been running into some not-so-great players, but honestly, what's up with the service?  Here we go again on the service.  Unacceptable, especially when the Wynn & Encore is just a bridge away.(4)  They charge you for an extra fridge and late-check out now. What? I know they're going bankrupt and all, but c'mon now. Are you really going to scare away your loyal customers so you can get a few bucks here and there?  I have never been charged for an extra fridge nor the late check out.  But this trip made me realize... The Palazzo really must be DESPERATE!(5) They don't comp cigarettes anymore. Wow. What else are you going to take, free alcohol? The Pit boss told me that it was because of health issues and regulations.  I assumed that this was all of Las Vegas's new rule and thought it was quite dumb but still let it slide.  Next day, I went to the Wynn/Encore to play, and the pit-boss comped cigarettes like nothing.  I was confused.  I then told the pit-boss what the Venetian/Palazzo told us about the cigarettes and all he said was, "The Palazzo is still around" and laughed.  Seriously.  They're still around? They need to honestly up their game.My loyalty has really gone down in the drains with this trip.  On the up side, theres always Wynn/Encore.
4	This is a nice place. The rooms are top notch. We went to check in and we asked for an upgrade. The guy said it would be a view of the golf course, but it actually was a view of parking decks and roof tops. The GF didn't like this, so we went down stairs and request a room with a strip view. They charged us for the upgrade. So I'm going to deduct points based on this mishap. But service was good with the housekeepers. After we got over that episode, the room we got was nice. The pics tell it all. Nice bed with cool bed post lighting, two tone carpet with a dark gray background with these black swirling design. Sunken living room with a nice couch & ottoman. Marble foyer leading to the French doors marble bathroom with shower cabin and tub. His/Hers sinks, vanity and stool for the ladies and their makeup. TV in the bedroom, living room, and bath room. The top of the dresser at center of the bedroom lights up reminding you of being in the lounge at Tao, nice touch. Also a small dining table and work desk with printer. Being Palazzo, the decor was elegant and classy. We didn't get a chance to hang out at the pool but from what we saw it's nice. Also staying at Palazzo gets you into the club/bar and pool at Venetian and vice-versa. The location is another selling point. We had friends staying at Wynn and we hanged out a lot at Encore & Venetian. So it was convenient to stay here. I thought the casino itself was a huge open-space that resembled a warehouse or airport hanger. I guess b/c to me they have a lot of unfilled open space. Lots of high end shops and eateries as you probably know. We saw our friend's room at Wynn and as much as I like Wynn, our room was definitely better, hands down. The rooms are big and there is a pull out sleeper, so you can pile some friends in and cut down room cost.Overall, beautiful surroundings, very posh, nice rooms, and good housekeeping. Worth a stay.
1	Oh Palazzo, I wanted to like you, I really did.  Why won't you let me like you?The hotel?  Beautiful.The casino?  Blah.  Dealers are unfriendly and barely speak to you, forget about getting a smile or greetingThe room? Iffy.  There were mystery stains on the chair, uneven flow from the shower head and a piece missing from the mirror.  The beds are pretty comfortable though.The service?  HORRIBLE.We arrived on friday night and waited for 15 minutes just to reach the front desk.  Oh yeah, there was only one person in front of us.  I'm not sure what was happening, but the people at the counter looked like they were just chit chatting because when I got up there, I was done in 5 minutes flat and off to my room.I had reserved the room about two weeks in advance and had specified one king bed, but when we arrived, it was a two full bed room.  Ok, not the end of the world, whatever.  I call the "priority help line" for "immediate service" and get put on hold for 20 minutes before someone comes on the line and says "oh sorry, no king beds available."  Alright...I'll deal, I guess.Everything else was fine up until the day we left.  We checked out at 11 and went to go eat.  I realized at lunch that I had forgotten my watch in the room so I call in and they put me on hold yet again, then come on the line only to tell me that they'll send someone and call back in about 20 minutes.  30 minutes later, no call.  I call again and she says that she'll send a security guard and call in 20 min to an hour.  Ok, so what happened to the other person?This all happened on Sunday and now it is Tuesday night, 9 pm.  Still no call.  To me, this is just an example of sheer laziness and bad service.  If you're going to charge $300+ per night, at least have the courtesy to answer my phone call and tell me that you didn't find the watch.NEVER AGAIN.  Save your money for a hotel that doesn't ignore your requests.
4	I had a great stay at the Palazzo.Our room was fabulous - a large-ish suite-ish room with a view of the pools.  Everything was clean.  The bathroom was Vegas-huge and the beds were Vegas-comfy.  The closet could have been bigger and there could have been more hangers.I love love love the toiletries... the lemon verbena body wash was wonderful.  That light up mirror in the bathroom and the really flattering full length both made me happy.I enjoyed the casino - I don't play at the tables and there were plenty of nickel and penny slots to entertain my internal high roller.The pool was lovely - we got chairs together as long as we got there before noon.  After noon?  Good luck and God Speed!One of the pool cocktail waitresses was a gem.  The other, not so much.  She was actually rude, whereas the other was polite.Two complaints with house-keeping:1. There is a paper that states 'if you want turndown service, call before 5:30 pm'... so we called.  Turndown?  Didn't happen.2. They through out my friend's shoebox.  Which was nowhere near the garbage.  Which she needed for her new shoes.They were, however, responsive and fast when we requested extra towels.The valet was great, tons of dining and shopping, an overall excellent stay.
5	ahhh.. Palazzo, which means "palace".. holds up to its name. This place frickin impressed me. We had 6 girls in this place and it wasn't uncomfortable at all! This suite truly made our all girl's getaway complete.  We came with 13 girls so we had two suites next to eachother. With this many girls, a huge bathroom is a must... and lemme tell you, that bathroom is more than adequate! ahh there is just so much to love about the Palazzo.. the decor is simple and chic yet .. just really tasteful! Oh, and the 2 TVs outside and a mini one inside the bathroom.. ballllllaaaaGrand Lux Cafe is also a huge plus! those damn crabcakes are delicious and prices are so reasonable. best part is that the cafe is open 24 hours. We got some to-go and took it back to hotel and when we came back it was gone! Palazzo was really professional about it and gave us a $50 Voucher for future use at any of their restaurants. How awesome?! Being connected to the Venetian is now a plus for me too because I love Venetian's Bouchon Bakery..anyways. worth every penny to stay at this palace. =D
5	I love Palazzo more than the Venetian. The room set up is just like the venetian but its more modern. Has a flat screen in the bathroom so you can watch while taking a bath. Great views! The hotel is lovely and you can walk right into Venetian. Only downfall, like all the high end casinos, the tables always win!!! ARGH!!!!
5	My wife and I celebrated our 1st Anniversary here at the Palazzo. A great hotel for a great price. Every room is a suite with three LCD TV's; the bathroom, the living room, and the bedroom. Marble is found throughout the suite and the room has a charming and romantic vibe for those special occasions. I highly recommend the Palazzo and I will most definitely stay there again!
5	Ding! Ding! Ding! I think we have a winner!!The Good.....1. The place was beautiful2. Free with casino offer (included dinner at Zine and $200 slot credit)3. The bathtub had a place to put my arms so that I wouldn't slip.  It also had a bath mat and came with bath gel so that I could have a bubble bath4. The bathroom had a small television (that I could not see from the above bubble bath)4. The employees were very kind and helpful5. The room was large and beautiful (I didn't think we needed this much space, but we really did use it all)6. Beautiful view of the golf course7. Very organized valet center8. Restaurants9. Attached to Venetian10. The pictures on all 3 tvs had great pictures on them.The Bad.....1. NothingI think that we have found our new Vegas home.  I loved everything about this hotel and hope that we continue to receive offers.  This is the first hotel in Vegas that I will happily pay to stay in.
5	A week late, oh wells better now than never!! I miss you Vegas already!! Now its time to work my butt off and make that money, because Vegas is waiting for me to go there and spend it again! This quick Freestyle is a special request by Chang L.to the tune of Lil Wayne's GOT MONEY...enjoy!I Lost money and you know itTook it all to Vegas to blow itThen spend it likeThis day, that dayHotel stay, that buffetGettin' shots for everybody who you see thenTake over the bar of the VIP likeThis a way, that a wayThis a way, that a wayNow I was dancing at the clubShe loved the way I did my bounceShe got boyfriend chillin' on the VIP couchNow I ain't never been a hater but my game is lockedSo I'll leave her alone,I'm not tryin to get sockedNow where's the bar at? I pull my money outAin't no doubt about it, we bout to turn it outDJ turn it up, play my song when the music stopsThrow Money, get insane, then my booty dropsI got to go, I'm in a hurryI make it out to the stripclubs tomorrow don't worryYeah, they're Young dancers, please don't call them hoesBut you know I'll still make it rain on their toesI Lost money and you know itTook it all to Vegas to blow itThen spend it likeThis day, that dayHotel stay, that buffetGettin' shots for everybody who you see thenTake over the bar of the VIP likeThis a way, that a wayThis a way, that a wayHere we go, please bring your money, its time to goHit up GRAND LUX CAFE, order the sandwich on a French rollCan someone please turn on lights in this bitchIt's so damn dim my eyes are starting to twitch!Lights off?, turn them onServer saw me, I'm smilingHe's laggin', does he care?That my food, is not here!It's something, not a hot dogI'm having hunger pains, feed me now I'm at the top of the food chainI make food disappear, they yell, "David Blaine?!"I make it look easyHere's my money, looks like I'm payin'I Lost money and you know itTook it all to Vegas to blow itThen spend it likeThis day, that dayHotel stay, that buffetGettin' shots for everybody who you see thenTake over the bar of the VIP likeOkay, it's time for another showA.K.A. THUNDER FROM DOWN UNDER with the brosLike ehh!Everybody say, "Chippendale Show?I'm just kidding, we're not gay" but I'll bechillin with the fellas, chillin with the fellasEllas, ellas, ellas, eh!haha ok, we did do it up in Vegas, didn't really watch those shows but if you did come to our rooms on the 11th floor you would definitely mistake it for a Chippendale show! We actually dubbed our room the "Chippendale Suite." Here's the sign in our room. http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/5GJop-wZhYyxm1Xq4xDL8w/lVegas took its toll on me. So bad, that I am writing this a week late. I'm still living in the past =/Highlights of the trip:- Awesome view from our room http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/4zFeUuw64NXTcUnDM1pbiA/lhttp://static.px.yelp.com/photo/ETC1-0TcMw7dT1Mef4uySg/l- Three rooms total, all next to each other- Spending 4 days and 3 nights in Sin City with the guys!! ( Leave the ladies at home!)- Winning the contest "Best in shape of 2009" contest against my friends! ( we do the craziest things!)- Being the only cool group in all of Vegas that actually brings the MAGIC MIC with them (drunken karaoke at its finest!)So I think I'm ready to go back now...Palazzo I will see you soon!!
4	I cant give this hotel five stars for the simple fact that this is the only hotel of this caliber that i have ever stayed. This establishment was excellent. The rooms were spacious, and the service was also outstanding. I read many reviews about different hotels before I made my trip to vegas and what drew me to it was the television sets all over the place. Honestly, I didn't spend enough time in my room to fully appreciate everything but I would definitely stay here again but only after I have personally tried some other hotels my self. I hope this helps.
1	Please be careful about the bathroom floor when you stay here... it is very slippery!! and My mom did slipped and ended up going to the emergency room ;(  On top of it, the stuff  and sadly... the superviser, Heidi, i belive her name was...were ice cold and told my dad basically, no pay, no stay for extension! while I was at hospital and waiting for us to return at room. Then, they charged me additional $130 from out of no where after 2 weeks on my credit card!!! what kind of hotel service is this???I will never ever stay there again!! It's all about service and hospitality and this hotel absolutely fails it...  Just because they are bankrupt, doesn't meen to squeeze money from guests like this?? Pretty sad...
5	i love palazzo! the rooms are great. great place to stay and great crowd. but like i said about venetian, i'd rather stay at caesars because of the tier system! but they still get my 5 stars cuz i love this place...caesars is just my personal preference because ive stayed there soooo many times.
5	This weekend...crazzzyyyy!!!! party like a rockstar!!!So a couple of friends & I took an all girl Vegas vacation & booked a room @ the Palazzo...the room Insanely beautiful & huge....2 huge beds...jacuzzi bathtub, see through glass shower, 3 flat screens..1 in the bathroom while you soak in the tub or get your shower on..1 in front of the beds, and 1 down the 2 stairs in your own private living room!!! yes what a great way to hype up the weekendThe curtains close up & down with just the push of a button. & there is a ledge in the room for cat walk  runway status for showing off those scandalous outfits heck yes this is my favorite place to stay I love the palazzo will come back to party it up again & rock out to my song of the weekendp.s. valet & luggage service oh yeah!**forget about your boyfriend & meet me @ the palazzo you can bring your girlfriends & meet me at the palazzo*** what a great weekend!
4	4 1/2 starsdefinitely my preferred hotel to stay in in my old (kinda middle) age.  basically a newer version of the venetian with less of that heinous perfume smell that permeates their casino.  the rooms/suites are very nice and the service is impeccable.  the sunken suite and flat screen tv's are the way to go.  that and the remote control curtains/drapes which seal the room like a vault.  all hotels must have this.  nothing worse than a rough night of partying and then finally getting in bed only to have that thin beam of light come through that crack in the curtains to hit you right in the face.  then you have to drag your self up and futilely try to fix the curtains.the only small negative is the vibe and play in the casino portion.  its kinda dead and not that fun.  luckily the venetian is attached which tends to have a much more vibrant atmosphere.
5	Loved it.  It's like the Ventian's grown up older cousin.  The color palate is light and airy and whimsical.  The pool deck was lovely, but there was some covert segregation going on with where the attendants placed guests.  BOOO.  The cocktails waitresses were a wee bit slow at the pool as well.  The shower had three showerheads - WHOOOOO HOOOOOOOO!  The beds were amazing.  Super comfy.  Overalll, I would stay here again in a a heartbeat.  The staff was very well trained, and what you expect at this price point.
4	Not bad, not bad at all.  I was here for a few days for our firm meeting and let me tell you, Vegas is no place to go for work.  No one else is working!  The hotel itself was really beautiful and the suites are really nicely appointed.  The sheets and blankets were especially nice.But the place is ENORMOUS.  Be prepared for a hike to your room from the elevator.The pool is great and you also have access to the Venetian pool.  Not really for swimming so much as for sunning and being seen, but I guess that's what it's all about in Vegas!
5	Me and my BFF stayed at Palazzo July 8 untill 12th and absolutely LOVED it!!! The staff is EXCEPTIONAL!!! They seriously treat you like a queen there!! Hotel lobby smells.... AMAZING!! It could be a little strong at the times but not too strong to make you feel dizzy! And it kills the smell of the smoke! CASINO:We're not much of gamblers but we did play slots a little bit. To be honest, we only played at the Venetian Casino (which is on the same property) because i found the Palazzo casino a little bit too small. Servers took a while to serve at times but they're all were friendly and nice.SUITE:Ok, we did NOT expect our standard room to be a Luxury Suite! It was... unbelievable!!! I am pretty sure we underpaid for it! haha! I mean it was HUGE! And we got this amazing view of the Wynn Golf Course and the desert mountains. We've been to the roof top suites at the Venetian and they weren't too different from ours (except they had the view of the strip which they paid WAY more than we did and it wasn't even that appealing) POOL:We checked out Azure at Palazzo which is their exclusive adult pool and it was BEAUTIFUL! But... kind of empty (we went there on Thursday maybe that's why) and boring. So we hung out there for a bit and went back to Tao Beach (at Venetian)  which is a bit more hyper for our taste. But, once again, Azure is such a work of art! It is perfect for couples and for people who just want to relax, sip on drinks and tan. CLUB: I cannot say anything about Lavo because we didn't have a chance to check it out. We were in Vegas for 4 nights so we wanted to hit the hot sports. I know that Lavo is owned by the same guys as Tao, so it should be pretty good. It looked alive every time we passed it. OVERALL: Palazzo is an excellent hotel with amazing staff, beautiful suites, great design and cool atmosphere! I would definately recommend it to everyone!! It is close to all the "happening" spots but at the same time it is not too crazy inside!
3	3.5 stars I think. This review is for the casino/shops only.Walked over here while staying at the Wynn.  The place is quite large and is connected to the Venetian.  A lot of the slot machines are kind of lame, I think. They are advertised as being some cheesy game/show/movie (i.e. Jaws, Game of Life, etc) but the actual game itself is just standard slots, with the impossible to get bonus being somehow connected to the game as advertised.  I'm just picky =)I do very much appreciate how they are playing current music at a volume loud enough for you to hear and groove to as you play. I wish more places did this.  Although it was closed at the time, there was a lovely looking lounge with live music (didn't mean to be so alliterative); it's the one thing Wynn is missing.  It seemed like all the cocktail waitresses (except ours) were coming around quite often.  Shops are nice; wide range of high end stuff with good service. Nice variety of places to eat.Interestingly enough, about a week after we get home from our stay at the Wynn and our 2nd visit to Palazzo, we get a mailer with great deals there. Perhaps they will lure us away from Wynn???
5	This place is breathtaking.  It is very beautiful and always smells good.  It has the best ice cream I have ever had at Esspressemente Illy.  Don't gamble here though, I think they have low payouts because they have to pay for the place, seriously!  I've never won anything here and the slots gobble up the money.  It's still nice to go visit :)  The shops are a nice spot to hit up too :)
5	Palazzo-Venetian loves my mom since she plays their slots for hours and hours. And in return for her dedication they constantly mail us wonderful offers. Nothing beats relaxing in your free spacious room with all three HDTVs going on at once while eating your free delicious food brought up by room service while waiting for your free award-winning show to start.Nothing says five-stars like FREE.
5	was upgraded upon arrival.... super cool room with treadmill and giant tub.... on 44th floor... amazing views... great hotel!! love it
3	overall this hotel is very nice.. great rooms...classy decor...cute Little dueling piano bar..good restaurants...but i do have a few complaints...i was looking forward to a relaxing day at the pool when i found myself surrounded by a bunch of screaming, splashing kids...not just that but half of them were wearing their clothes in the pool instead of swim suits! seriously this is supposed to be a classy place there should be rules for stuff like that! so i decide to ask if they have an adult only pool and the lady tells me yes and points me in the right direction...only for me to find out if i want to lay by a pool without obnoxious kids i have to pay 100.00$ per person! that is just ridiculous! my other complaint is the customer service,, i tried calling up to the front desk several times and found myself on hold for as long as 15 minutes! i have never experienced anything like that! it didn't matter what time i called there was always a wait of at least 10 minutes... would i stay there again?? probably not.. it was a great looking hotel but they need to work on their customer service skills and consider having an adult pool that isn't 100.00 $ per person!
5	Palazzo is connected to the Venetian and is a gorgeous property. Their rooms are large. The have a big bathroom with a separate shower, jacuzzi, double vanity and it's own shitter. The room has two plasmas. One in the bedroom, the other in the sunken living room area. Pool was a bit tame, but connected to the much younger and hip Venetian pool.  All in all, a premier hotel on the LV Strip.
4	A beautiful hotel, but the Venetian is still best. The palazzo has a million celebs walking through it's smallish casino. Bring a camera if you want pix with celebs. It also has a huge roof and luxury mall above it. At certain times there will be models dressed as moving trees, as granite statues, as non-moving objects displaying clothes, and all other nifty modeling poses. The food selection is connected to the Venetian shops. I prefer the Venetian for it's location next to TAO (the best club in Vegas) and also because the crowd is a bit younger, but the Palazzo is newer. The rooms are the exact same as Venetian, which is a good thing. You can fit 6 people comfortably as the suites have 2 pullout couches.
5	Stayed there 4 days over last Thanksgiving holiday. Awesome Awesome place. They have the best rooms a non high roller can get. I like the rooms better than the Wynn and the Wynns rooms are spectacular!  I am hoping to stay there on my next trip.
4	Fantastic stay at the Palazzo. It's opulence and grandeur is not to be overshadowed by the fact that this is still just a hotel and casino. Hotel + Casio = Good Times! Check-in is quite funny as if I were at a Sotherby's auction (You'll understand when you check-in). The rooms are spacious and luxurious. Bed linens kinda rough for a hotel of this class. Sunken living room is a nice touch to add to the already elegant suite. There is a great mix of people here, you never feel like you're in the middle of MTV's Spring Break (Wynn) or at the Geriatrics ward of the Bellagio (stayed there too). The service is a bit spotty. Bell hop lost my luggage for a bit, but was recovered 20 mins later. My room was never serviced although I had called 2x to have it cleaned. Palazzo pool is relaxing, although if you want a more sun bathing time and all the eye-candy you can soak, you walk over to the connecting Venetian pool. The Shoppes at the Palazzo/Venetian are great with plenty of excellent restaurants to choose from. The Palazzo is butted up against the competing Wynn. Wynn rooms (friend was staying there) really can't compete here, they look like they were designed by a 5 year old girl. And let's not talk about the pool at the Wynn.... it was like swimming in a pool full of STDs... Overall a great stay if your looking for a relaxing time.
5	Palazzo is one of the BEST Hotels I ever stayed at! I pulled up Valet! Oh and tip for thought you can tip whatever you want like $2 or $3 so don't feel like you have to give more than that. I suggest to get friendly with one of the receptionist and asked for stumbling distance and they'll have a room for you next to the elevator but the best view is Strip View! As you walk into your gorgeous room everything so pure and clean to the T. Good Job to the House Keeping! They provide the best service which makes palazzo so great. You're Palazzo room is usually a standard suite good for couples or friends. A suite is good enough for about 7 people because they have 2 queen sized beds and a pull out sofa and another sectional of the sofa. The bathroom is very nice! It has a seperate room for the toliet. There is a flat screen tv facing the mini hot tub. For your ladies, they have a little section in the bathroom with sit down chair long mirror and vanity mirror.The Palazzo has a gorgeous pool area but if it gets to full during the summertime you can walk towards the Venetian Beach how convienient is that! Inside the Palazzo is a gorgeous must take picture waterfall and if you go up the stairs you can go on the gandola ride. Palazzo is an attachment to Venetian also another good hotel to stay at but I prefer the Palazzo than Venetian any day. Palazzo is so convienient located in the heart of Las Vegas. Across from the Palazzo is the Wynn Hotel and also the Fashion Show Mall. I can write many good things about the Palazzo but I will leave it up to you to check it out. So what are you waiting for call and reserve! Please reserve atleast 2-3 months ahead of time to get a decent affordable price because last minute prices are very high. Peace Yelp Heads!
4	So, when someone offers you a complimentary room at the Palazzo, TAKE IT!  Man, this hotel had everything!!  The hotel is so luxurious!  The rooms are so spacious!  Granite everywhere, it's so posh!  There was so much room for a family of 5.  Everything is gorgeous and every room has a t.v.!  My 4 yo son asked me, "Mama, why is there a t.v. in the bathroom?"  I told him is was so he could watch SpongeBob while taking a shower!  His eyes lit up!My kids loved the fact that they could watch the Pirate Show at Treasure Island just across the street every night.  And the pools at the Palazzo were awesome.  We basically would eat breakfast, head to the pool, eat lunch, head back to the pool, have dinner and we were back in the pool again!I enjoyed the shopping mall that connected the Venetian to the Palazzo, you can just stay there and never have to endure the Las Vegas heat!  The only reason why I'm giving the Palazzo 4 stars out of 5 is because they charged us a $50 restocking fee even though we didn't have anything from the in room fridge.  My kids were playing with the items and didn't put them back EXACTLY as how it was left.  So WARNING, don't touch the fridge!You seriously don't need to go anywhere else!  We stayed for 3 days and it was the best and most relaxing 3 days in Vegas I've ever had!
5	after staying at the palazzo, you won't stay anywhere else. they have all your favorite table games, endless slots, high end shopping and plenty of fine dining.  5 stars! this place is as good as it gets!
5	Gorgeous hotel. Went there to visit friends who were staying there comped from gambling. Omg. What a beautiful place. The decor in the lobby was so pretty. I couldnt believe how HUGE and gorgeous their suite was!! I could fit my whole nyc apartment in there! They had a huge bathroom, complete with jacuzzi tub, standing shower, and vanity (to sit at and do makeup/hair!). Then a big king size bed, and 3 steps down leading to a sunken living room. They also had a great view of the Encore golf course from their big picture window. So pretty. Also went to Lavo because my friends had free admission and line passes. Please see that review for more info. Id love to stay at Palazzo in the future.
5	Every time I come to Vegas, I try to stay at this fabulous and gorgeous hotel. I still remembered when it opened up and I walked it, I was floored with the decor. I've always liked staying here for the following reasons:1) It's newer than Venetian, therefore the rooms don't seem as worn down as older hotels.2) It's a smaller hotel compared to other hotels on the strip where it can get overcrowded with tourists and you feel claustrophobic. 3) The service is fantastic and all the staff always address you by your last nameIn my recent visit, when I asked for additional shampoo and conditioner, they came up with a bag full of toiletry, which included 4x of each bottles from the restroom, AND 4 bags of bath salt (I didn't even know they had that at hotels)The rooms are gorgeous, 1 tv in the pull out couch/work station area, 1 tv in front of the King size (or 2 Queen size) beds, 1 tv in the restroom (I may have to add one to my restroom in the house). Also what's fun is the automatic raising/lowering sun shade blocker and opening and closing curtains. Your view and room changes according to type of room you get but most standard rooms are like what I just described.
5	I loved my stay at The Palazzo. I booked a great deal online thru the Venetian web site and was upgraded to the Palazzo. Based on my list of likes and dislikes, I should give the place 4 stars out of 5 but I had such a wonderful stay despite the few dislikes that I am giving it a 5. I can't wait to go back.Things I liked:-We ck'ed in early without a problem at all.-We were upgraded without a problem.-We rec'd several coupons for the restaurants which we used.-There were 3 TVs in the room including one in the bathroom.-Superhuge, gorgeous bathroom and spacious room overall with a living room area-Plush bathrobes for him and her-Loved the makeup/dressing table in the bathroom.-Room was very quiet, I never heard anyone slamming doors or yelling, etc.-Remote-controlled blinds and curtains-Great view of the pool area and the strip-There was a "Priority" button on the phone for a quick answer to anything you wanted.-All the restaurants were insanely good, especially The Grand Lux (we went a cpl times)-Everyone in the casino, hotel, restaurants, shops were SO nice and helpful.-Pools were upscale, nice and relaxing. -Cabana we rented was awesome. Best I have ever been in. Great service here, too.-Went to see Phantom here and it was also awesome. Great show!-There's a Walgreens right out front to hit for cheap supplies.-Super easy check out. Just dropped the key in the box.Things I disliked:-We couldn't get the room as cold as we like it but it was about 90 degrees there then.-The towels could have definitely been softer. They were kind of rough.-One of the drawers in our dresser was busted.-The light on the magnification mirror didn't work. (prob could have asked for another)-They need more HD channels for the wonderful HD/LCD TVs in the room.-The fridge won't hold your own stuff. There's no room. It is filled with their beverages that are pricey. You will be charged as soon as you remove one from it's place. It's electronic.-We were told the fax machine was free but weren't told that there was a charge if it was long-distance. We had a TON of fees upon checkout and they only refunded us half.-The spa is horrible, didn't like it, not relaxing and was like a factory in there. So despite the few bad things we really had a wonderful trip and will be going back to either the Venetian or the Palazzo next trip to Vegas. We go a lot and usually stay at The Flamingo. For almost the same price (with the special the Venetian was running) we stayed in way nicer accommodations with much more to see and do. We hardly left the area of Venetian, Palazzo, the Wynn. Also, the cabanas here were as much as the ones at The Flamingo and way, way better. These cabanas have an AC in them!  When you step into The Palazzo you really are taken aback by it's beauty. It is a gorgeous hotel and they have it decorated beautifully. All the restaurants were sleek and modern, too. I have been to many hotels/casinos in Vegas and this is one of the prettiest that I have seen. It's definitely worth a try.*****As a side note, I am going to post some pics of their cabanas. This was something I was looking for before I went and could not find. They are insane, so awesome. They even have AC in them!*****
5	Very happy with this hotel.  An amazing Vegas experience.  The staff  exudes professionalism and luxury.  The facilities are new and the suites are amazing.  Its great with a connection to the Venetian hotel.  The restaurants are great (overpriced but that is Vegas), the shops are nice, but the rooms and staff made this experience the very best.  Since thi sis an all-suite hotel, even the cheap rooms are simply a-m-a-z-i-n-g.  Found a deal for 109/night and it was worth more than that.  If you can find a decent deal on the Palazzo (are there are usually tons out there) I would give it a try.
5	The rooms here are amazing. They are big, plush and we got a nice view of the Wynn Golf Course.The customer service was exceptional when we asked for extra amenities for our room. The shops are nice, although I like the Venetian side better.Impressive that the parking is free...My only con is the fact that you have to pay $10 for wi-fi, otherwise you can go down to the cafe presse and it's free from 7 AM - 11 PM.
5	my man had never been to vegas so for his birthday i decided to surprise him and whisk him away to vegas, and surprise him further by having his best friends show up!  i wanted him to get the full impact of vegas done right: luxurious, charmingly ostentatious and even over the top.where to stay?  i hemmed and hawed over this for a few days.  my heart belonged to bellagio.  growing up, i stayed there about 70% of the time.  the hotel is so gorgeous and its filled with great restaurants (picasso and fix! jean-phillippes patisserie!) and the glassblow flowers on the lobby ceiling are breathtaking, not forgetting the conservatory.  however, lets be real.  the rooms, while luxurious, are getting old and worn.  they definitely need a facelift.  the spa towers were nice, but they didnt blow me away and it wasn't that spacious.  i dont like how the wynn resort rooms look and the vip tower rooms were small (full beds instead of 2 queens) and out of my price range anyway.  caesars.. eh, tacky now.  i dont like that i had to walk through the entire hotel to the newer augustus towers.  encore was not available yet.  i really wanted a newer hotel with strong vents because my bf hates the smell of smoke.  venetian.. big rooms but ugly decor.ah! thats when i remembered palazzo had opened just a few months ago.  after checking with my resident vegas experts, i decided that palazzo would do perfectly.as we drove up the driveway, my boyfriend was wide-eyed and turned to me like, "this is us?"  as we walked in, he leaned back to take in the high ceilings and large fountain.  our steps echoed as we made our way to the front desk.  we did an early check in with no problems and even got a room with a great view of the strip!  as we walked through the casino, i was happy to see signs prohibiting smoking from all walkways.  in fact, the whole hotel had a strong scent of clean bathroom.  it was a little overwhelming, but i hear they toned it down now.the carpet down the hall to our room was beautifully patterned and as the bf opened the door, his jaw dropped and all the sleepiness from the 8am flight disappeared.  he looked into the foyer, and into the bedroom and even further to the living room.  "really?  this is too much!  omg!"  boasting the largest standard rooms in vegas, palazzo did not disappoint.  the bathroom was huge, with a full tub, shower, vanity, 2 sinks and a tv.  the huge, comfy, opulent king bed sat in front of another flatscreen and the suken living room was just gorgeous.  plenty of sitting room (with a couch bed), modern coffee tables and yet another tv.  the huge windows were awesome and the remote controls sunshade, blinds and curtains made for a lazy 4 day stay.palazzo is wonderfully staffed with polite, friendly people.  the concierge helped me nonstop and their delivery of my orders were punctual.  after the late showing of "O", we returned to find my order of milk, cookies and chocolate covered strawberries beautifully laid out.  at $50+, it was a bit pricey but totally worth it!  the milk was cold and frothy, sitting in an ice bucket.  instead of 5 strawberries that i ordered, the gave me 7 and 4 ENORMOUS cookies instead of 3.  another order of a fruit platter was delivered to my friends' room (7 to a room comfortably) right on time as well, which was good because there was only a 30 minute window.  $35 for a fruit platter but it was sliced meticulously and everything was sweet and fresh.all in all, palazzo was flawless in execution.  i like that its smaller and more intimate.  i LOVE that there's a barney's and CUT.  I would definitely stay here again and have since recommended it to many friends.  the prices now especially are INCREDIBLE.thank you palazzo for a perfect weekend!
4	We got 2 rooms for 5 guys.  The rooms are very spacious and nicely appointed.  My only complaint is that on one of the sofas, there was a nasty mystery stain.  Other than that, I was very satisfied.  The pool at Palazzo is very chill on a Friday.  I noticed a lot of families with young children.  They need more cocktail servers, I saw only 2 working the entire area so we had to go to the bar to get drinks.  On Sat, we woke up too late to get a cabana at Tao Beach so we opted for Azure, which is Palazzo's version of TB.  We got a cabana with a pretty sweet location in between the two pools in Azure.  The minimum for the cabana was $750.  Bottles are less expensive at Azure then they are at the clubs so we were able to get 2 Greygoose and plenty of food.  What I remembered tasting good was Azure's lobster salad, cheeseburger and salmon pizza.  Service was excellent.  Estelle was there and sang a couple of songs so that was cool and they had a modeling show.  The crowd at Azure was good but more tamed than Tao Beach.  All in all, a very good experience.
4	Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick to the Door Needed.My girl friend and I drove to Vegas in the middle of the night (Swingers Style), which isn't too far for us, considering we live in LA. I hadn't slept in about 30 hours and was exhausted by the time we got into Vegas at 630am. We called the Palazzo to see if we could check in early so that I could get some ZzZz before a long night of drunken, gambling debauchery. Unfortunately, the Palazzo wasn't able to accommodate our early arrival so we opted to go into Downtown Las Vegas and get a room at Fitzgerald's(see review), an older Hotel, until we were able to check into the Palazzo at 3pm. Upon Check in at the Palazzo, I was taken over by the beautiful check in area. Absolutely magnificent! We were fortunate enough to be invited guests and able to check in at a special low wait time desk, Awesome! The scenery was pleasant and clean and the fact that the Palazzo is connected to the Venetian with all of its fantastic shopping was great for me, bad for my American Express. Our room was gorgeous with an awesome picturesque window overlooking a golf course with a Mountainous backdrop. Overall the stay was nice. The room was beautiful, very quiet, as we were at the end of a long hallway and everything had a very new feel to it. There were a few small things that could be better. Considering the Hotel and Casino were built in something like 8 months or so, I am sure some things were overlooked:1. When we got to our room for the first time, my girl friend and I were standing outside of our door for several minutes because the door would not open. The little lock showed that the key worked, however the door was not budging. Lucky for us "Letty," a very friendly person on the housekeeping staff, came over and kicked (and I am dead serious when I say KICKED), the door open for us. That seemed to be an issue for me coming back to the room at 4am, drunk, forgetting that the door was sticky and on top of that waking up my friend with the sounds of my Chuck Norris style roundhouse kick to the door and on one instances my chubby body hurling across the threshold onto the floor. 2. There are no 24 hour restaurants in the Palazzo. We did, however, find great pleasure at the Grand Luxe Cafe in the Venetian at 3am, munching on their FANTASTIC Spinach dip and Arnold Palmers. Yum!3. On FOUR different occasions while gambling we saw Palazzo Security hassling young ladies that were obviously suspected as hookers. In one instance, there were about 6 security guards surrounding a young lady, hassling her about being in the Casino. This went on for about 20 minutes until she was escorted out of sight. That particular instance put a damper on my "Cops and Donuts" Penny Slot experience. I think it would have been much more advantageous, had they ushered the young ladies to a spot out of patron's view. I have to say that I felt sick to my stomach and had to leave the Casino for a bit after the animalistic way they treated her. I mean, Vegas wouldn't be Vegas without some hookers here and there. I am kidding. But, there is a good way and a bad way at handling certain things, and this was definitely the wrong way.4. They forgot our wake-up calls on two separate occasions! I am SO glad that I didn't have plans on those days!5. When in Vegas, I chain smoke. Bad, Bad. The Casino is nice in that it isn't overly Smokey like Vintage Vegas used to be. There are a few areas that are clearly marked as "Non-Smoking Areas," However, I found that a lot of the cool games were in that area. Boo!6. On check-out day, there was an hour long wait for a Bellman to come help with luggage. We decided to lug all our stuff downstairs ourselves and considering I somehow ended up with more stuff than I started with (imagine that!) it was a big hassle. We were lucky enough to have bribed a Bellman on the way down to take our luggage and check it so we could grab lunch before leaving. Otherwise, we would have been stuck dragging our luggage through the crowded Casino to the Valet and grabbing McDonalds on the drive home.
5	As if there isn't already enough shopping in Vegas, I made it a point to visit this additional tower of The Venetian.  Didn't stay in the rooms, but we walked all over the shopping area and visited several of the restaurant and bars.  Beautiful.  Just beautiful.  Loved the waterfall and the multicolored umbrellas hanging from the ceiling (kind of reminded me of the Wynn though).  Great shops.  Not a lot of people shopping, so it was almost like we had the mall to ourselves.  Doesn't suck.
4	I went to Las Vegas for the first time this weekend and I'll be honest - I was not a fan.  The entire city smells like the inside of a cab and I walked around in a perpetual state of confusion.  But it was my stay at The Palazzo that made Las Vegas a pleasant experience.  This is a beautiful hotel with amazing rooms and an attentive staff.  My suite was elegantly furnished, perfectly chilly, and I would have gladly taken that massive bathroom as a permanent residence.This hotel is massive - bigger than anything I have ever seen, in fact. But that seems to be the case with the entirety of Vegas.  So if you're looking for a classy hotel amidst all the chaos, walk through the casino and up to your suite at The Palazzo.  You won't be disappointed!
5	Amazing rooms.  I stayed there for a business trip for 2 nights.  Ended up with a "view" suite with a sunken living room and (3) flat screens mounted throughout.  It was one of the nicest rooms I've stayed in.  With the economy how it is, I paid about the same for this room as a Hilton in the Seattle/Everett area.
4	The room is purrttyy... except for a few "love" stains here and there (those were rather disturbing). Very spacious, nice decor, comfy furniture, excellent bathroom space. Personally, I prefer this hotel to the Wynn or Encore. Those rooms seem a little overrated. I haven't stayed at the Venetian yet, so my preference can change, but this place is definitely worth a stay.
5	I've stayed at both the Palazzo and the Venetian and they are amazing hotels.  They are pretty much the same quality, just different furnishings.I will stay there every time I go back to Vegas.If you like secluded pools away from all the crowds and pretention then go to the Venetian 10th Floor pool area, called the Venetia I think.  It is right across from the concierge desk.
1	***REVIEW OF THE VENETIAN WHICH IS AN AFFILIATED HOTEL***The hotel is of grand scale and the rooms are clean and accomodating. The down side of our stay was with the security of our stay. This is very important considering 4 ladies were staying there at the time. At approximately 2am our room was rummaged through and robbed. We reported the incident to the front desk, who then transferred us to the security department. In waiting for someone to come and take an incident report, a strange man entered the room again. This stranger saw me and left. In a panic we watched him stroll down the hall, and take up a conversation with acquaintances. Security took over 20 minutes to come to our room, discouraged us from making a report, was rude and demeaning, and not prepared with the specifics to file a report. Management would not speak to us personally, and disregarded our claim, saying that it "was out of their hands" since it was passed to security. after the return of our visit, we took the following actions- (1) I called the Director of Security yesterday, and left a message. 7:45 am(2) I decided to wait it out for the 1st business day of the week, and follow up today 8:00 am...We were told to follow up with Risk management. (3) I was then passed me onto, Bill Parker- Director of Claims. I spoke with a woman named, Amanda 8:10 am who then told me that this was not handled in their department, and asked me to call Guest Relations. (4) I then spoke with the coordinator of Guest Relations, Janet 8:12 am. She is now telling me that her department usually deals with "guest satisfaction", but graciously agreed to be my point of contact at the current moment.So in conclusion, I was supposed to hear back from this woman by that Thursday, to give her a chance to gather the information, in which I never did. She did inform me however, that normally her department deals with "situation of quality of room, etc." We did not hear back from the hotel, or ever receive copies of the reports filed. We did not receive a follow up, no comps, not even an apology! Talk about the run around!!! It may not have relevance anymore, but it affected our safety, sanity, and most of all finances!!! This was the worst hotel experience I've ever had. I will never stay here again, or any affiliated hotel of this company's again, and advise the same of my loved ones. SAFETY IS PRICELESS!!!
4	We stayed here about a year ago and I loved our room.  Felt luxurious and it was huge.  Huge sitting area- couches and flat screen tvs.  Big bathroom.  Funny story - my little boy took the little bottles of shampoo/conditioner/etc and hid them.  I couldn't find them so I had to call down to housekeeping to request replacements.  That was in the afternoon.  We came back to our room in the evening and there was a  bag on our bathroom counter.  It was FULL of little bottles.  Hilarious!  I eventually found our missing bottles the following morning.  On the window sill all lined up like little soldiers.  Nnnnnice.  Great pool area.  My little boy had hours and hours of fun.
2	This was the most mixed bag of greatness and horribleness I have ever experienced. It started great with an upgrade from our Venetinan room to a fantastic suite on the Concierge level in Palazzo. Though it took over 20 minutes to check in, and the guy disappeared for over 15 minutes. Did not appreciate getting yelled at by Security for our room key to get through to the elevator. Dropped our items and headed to the Concierge suite for drinks, loved the place, could have stayed there all three days. Phone system was horrible, I can't count how many times it would ring once and then just go into some void. Tried to call and see if there was a corkage fee at the restaurant, could not get anyone on the phone. Brought the bottle to find out no outside bottles. Could not charge to my room, called to correct, was told corrected, and next day at the pool could not charge to my room. Was told there was free Internet in the room, not free. No lounge chair covers available at 10AM on a Saturday at the pool, and no one knew if there would ever be covers again. It was about 1 out of every 2 employees that would be extremely rude, but the other one would be fantastic. Could never get straight through to the front desk either.
3	Got what I thought was a good deal so I booked The Palazzo.  I was pretty excited about it.Ultimately, I was disappointed.  The casino/hotel was beautifully done.  Very elaborate like pretty much everything in Vegas. Kudos to them for actually having a non smoking section in the casino (I have NEVER seen that in Vegas).The room is what disappointed me.  It was more like a long room than a suite.  Also, the room was less than clean.  There were crumbs left on the floor  when I checked in. These remained throughout my stay.Would I stay again?  Not unless I got an insane deal.  There are many other nice hotels on the strip.
3	So let me start by saying whatever Steve Wynn did for "Wynn", he did it right! Yes I know this is a review for the Palazzo, that's why I said that.  First Check in was fast and easy and the staff is very polite.  The hotel itself was enjoyable.  I liked the fact that you could exit your hotel and go right to shops either at the mall, Venetian and was close to Caesars Palace also.  Parking and navigating through the hotel was super easy.  The smell, i should say scent, that they had in there air was not that bad.  I would say it was an attempt at a floral rose like scent, but on a few days was bordering on "old lady, burn your nose perfume."  The room was nice, for the money I was expecting WOW.  The linens, as others have said are a bit rough and the bed was not that comfortable.  The bathroom and room are both  nice and spacious.  Lighting in the room was good as was the bathroom, but our dimmer for the bathroom light was broken, no big deal.  But the toilet had dim lighting which i did not like, don't act like I'm the only one who reads in there.  Cool feature was that the toilet seat did not drop but fell gently to the rim and did not make that "thunk" sound, yes I am easily amused. Bad part of the bathroom, there is a TV that is bigger than the Wynn's but you cant see the dang thing while in the tub, you can't even listen to a music channel because there is none; so why bother putting one in there in the first place.  Best thing about the bathroom was the mirrors did not fog up.The room, like i said was nice and spacious but nothing made me say wow.  Again the bed sheets were a little rough, but I got used to them.  Please use some type of fabric softener or better sheets.  I've felt better sheets in a hospital bed.  The pillows sucked, I like medium to firm pillows and these are on the super soft side. Good thing there was four of them because i needed three.Nice part of the room was the HD TV's,with HD programing and nice selection of channels, two of them.  I sleep in and it was nice that my gf could watch TV without waking me up and and still keep the volume at a decent level.  View from the room was beautiful, and no i did not pay for the upgraded view.  We had the mountain view which still provided a nice view of the back side of the strip, airport and city.  We could also see UNLV. The best part of the room was the couch, that thing was firm and comfortable, more so than the bed.  Additionally,  I asked for a non-smoking room.  It's a little annoying being on a non smoking floor and smelling cigarette smoke through the hallways.  If you want to smoke in your room get a smoking allowed room, not too difficult.  And yes I am a smoker as well. So again I didn't use the pool, but the gf did.  She said it was OK, but there were some  stains around the rims of the pool and thought that was nasty.  The casino had a nice layout to it although it was rather small.  There are a lot of non-smoking sections around which is nice and ventilation was very good.  As a cigar smoker no one bothered me, and there were enough games everywhere.  Poor thing about the casino was as much time i was there gambling, it took forever to get drinks.  I have to say the waitresses at the casino royale were more efficient than this place.  Yea there is something wrong with that picture comparing a 5 star hotel to something like the casino royale.For what I paid for it, i should have stayed at the Wynn.  Was it worth trying, absolutely.  Would I stay here again probably not.  So that's my thoughts on the hotel.
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas. I've stayed at the Palazzo many times and at the Venetian at least as many. I have stayed at most hotels in Vegas and I've found these to be the all around best. The rooms are very nice, the location on the strip is great, the pool is worth lounging at (get a cabana on the weekends if you can swing it), and the customer service is stellar.   We always upgrade to the concierge suite and take full advantage of the free happy hour from 5-9pm.  The drinks are great and so are the snacks and service folks.  It's a nice little pit stop between shopping and going out for the evening. (concierge also includes breakfast and upgraded sheets) The Canyon Ranch Spa also gives a great pedicure.  Pssst, there's a new Walgreen's near Sephora - how cool is that?!  Buy your water and sunscreen there!On the day we check out we often want to stay at the pool until we have to head to the airport .  The pool area has a very nice and clean shower/changing area to freshen up for the flight home... P.S. Over by the taxi area they will check your bags for you before you roam around on your last day and take them to the airport for about $25-$30.  Then all you have to do it hop a cab when the time comes and jump on your flight.
5	The Palazzo is definitely the BEST Hotel in Vegas in my eyes.  From the beautiful suite, the in room dining experience, and the STELLAR customer service.  I have stayed at the hotel 4+ times now and I am never disappointed.  Every time I check in there is a host waiting to ask if we're checking in, where we've come in from and how long we'll be staying.  He/She directs us to the line we need to be in to check in and introduces us to the person at the Registration desk.  Just that alone makes me love coming back.  The room service food is soo good that I actually never bother to go downstairs to the restaurants.  It's in a prime location so it's easy to get to where you need to go for night life.  But, it's definitely pricey, but to me it's SOOOOO worth the money.  I've stayed at Caeser's Palace, The Venetian, Encore (will never stay here again, worst customer service ever), Treasure Island, Planet Hollywood, The Hard Rock, MGM, and Paris... The Palazzo blows all of them away.
5	WOW! The Pa-lat-zo! I have been to Vegas many, many times. I have stayed in many of the various hotels. I have to say this is the one I would go back to! Kyle was our check-in clerk and he is the greatest! He made us feel so welcome! I requested a quiet room with a view of the strip and that all the down items be removed from my room because I am very allergic. By the time I got to my room the staff was just finishing changing the room so I didn't have to sit in there with the down-getting sick-hooray! That NEVER happens! Our room looked out over the strip and we had a birds-eye view of the pirate fight at Treasure Island across the street. The room was beautiful as you can see from pics on the site.The first night we went to the dueling piano bar because we just wanted to relax. There were 2 different pairs of pianists. They were great fun. The cocktail waitress was so friendly and professional. The drinks were all made perfectly-yeah!We went to Phantom and enjoyed that immensly. We have seen it in San Francisco, but this one is different. They have cut a little, but none of the songs and nothing so that the story flow is changed. The appearance of being in the Paris Opera house is so cool! Very fun! The ONLY issue that came up in our whole stay was getting different answers from different ticket agents, but we got great seats so it is fine!The marble in the bathrooms is beautiful, everything is always SPOTLESS, the staff is so welcoming and kind. I simply enjoyed myself so much I didn't want to leave!!! The Palzzo and the Venetian are joined by the Grand Canal and Casinos. There is a shopping mall on the second level. They have 3 Mario Batallia restaurants, 2 Emeril Lagasse,  and numerous others.  Any cuisine, any price range, there is even a food court next to the casino for those who don't want their slot machine to cool off :) They have the BEST gelato! The selection is AMAZING!!! I love-a the spumoni!! We ate at LAVO and Grand Lux-from the people who own CHeesecake Factory. Those are seperate reviews.
4	As nice as the Venetian but 2/3 the price, and the room was bigger than the ones I have gotten at the Venetian. Gorgeous room, nicely appointed furniture and accessories, nice shops and restaurants in or attached to the casino as well.  There are really nice packages if you want a suite, ONLINE. Prices were much higher if we called to book.Also, best parking garage situation on the strip, hotel is ABOVE the garage with lots of escalators and elevators. No searching humungous garages 3 blocks from the casino (sure you are walking inside, but its still like 3 blocks distance)Our only complaint was sloppy maid service. We rolled in and the room was perfect except trash was left from the last occupant who clearly had come for some plastic surgery.  And her itinerary and personal info was on some other items she left behind that noone cleared out.  Embarassing.  Then when they refreshed the room they forgot to replace our washcloths and bath mat.  This would not stop me from coming again, next time I'll just mention the problem so it does not happen again
5	Stayed here the last time I was in Vegas and it was a great experience all around.  The rooms are spacious, the lobby is beautiful and the staff is friendly.  The bed was really comfortable and the pillows were perfectly "fluffy" according to my girlfriend.  I will definitely stay here again.
5	how weird... i usually stay at the palazzo whenever i go to vegas but i just noticed i never reviewed it.. so here it goes..all the rooms are suites! i love how they have seperate doors for the toilet! i love the chair for the mirror~ i love how they have a tv room~ i love how the curtains go up and down with a touch of a button... i just love this hotel! i love gand lux cafe!! i always get the fried chicken and waffles~!!! with whip cream.. and tobasco~  if you havent tried it yet.. please please get that.. cuz you cant find that in cali.... unless you go on weekends.... which sucks! cuz very long wait... oh yeah and theres roscoes.. but that place is SERIOUSLY OVERRATED!!!... it wasnt good... i thought churches chicken was better~ :)im no hater.... im just brutally honest~
5	What a beautiful hotel!  The new sister property to the Venetian is just as elegant and well designed.  The suite I stayed in had *THREE* flat screen televisions, stairs between the living room and the bedroom area and spa-grade shower products.  The mini bar was well-stocked (and pricey, naturally).  The complimentary amenities were countless!  I enjoyed a different swimming pool each day for sunbathing and swimming with waiter-service for cocktails.  Amazing!  You can also rent cabanas to lounge by one of the 12 pools in more privacy.  Of course guests at the Palazzo are welcome to use the facilities at the Venetian.  Of course I will be back!
3	This was my first stay at Palazzo, previous to this I had been staying at the Venetian every time I visited Vegas. We self parked, which was very conveniently located to the casino and lobby. We checked in, the man gave us a room, and as we walked away, he yelled at us, because that room was occupied. We then had to wait for him to get us another room.Made our way up to the room. It was nice, identical to the Venetian, just different decor. We had a strip view, overlooking Treasure Island. The beds in the room were not very comfy. I have a hard enough time staying in beds that aren't my own...but this one was kind of hard and made it difficult to get to sleep.The casino? I was disappointed. I thought it was small, compared to other casinos (smaller than Venetian for sure) and I swear in the hours I spent over the past 3 days in their casino, I didn't have one cocktail waitress offer me a drink, until we were leaving yesterday morning...well, no, I don't want alcohol NOW, I wanted it last night when I was gambling!The biggest let down to me was the $$$ I was comped. Last time I stayed at Venetian I gambled less than I did this trip, and they comped all my meals. This time? Not only was I gambling, but I had BF and my friend using my player's card, so we were racking up way more points, and they only comped me $60 off the 3 meals we charged to the room. I was really put off by that. My mom, who is a big gambler, also is no longer getting freebies from Venetian/Palazzo - she has switched to the Harrah's casinos, and I think I am going to be doing that as well.It is a nice place, but for the money we paid for the room and the money we spent at the casino, I think I should have been comped way more than I was, and I think they need to have a more attentive staff bringing drinks around - that is what makes Vegas fun - free drinks!
5	We stayed at The Palazzo in mid-August 2009 and didn't want to leave!  There is so much to do there as it's connected to The Venetian.  One of the great things about the rooms at The Palazzo was that you could have friends/guests over and not feel like you were in a tight little room.  The sunken living room felt like it was away from the bedroom and bathroom area so your friends could sit and talk or watch TV without feeling like they are in your space.  The bathrooms were beautiful and large with a vanity, separate tub and shower and separate toilet area.  The shower was an all glass shower and the flat screen TV in the bathroom could be viewed while you were in the shower or tub.  It was a big deal for husband watching the game.  :) The other great thing about The Palazzo was that you didn't feel like you were  walking through an obnoxious casino as you went to your room.  Although the casino was large, with lots of people, it seemed really tame and relaxing.
5	This is my favorite place to stay on the strip. It's everything I could ask for in one tall build. The rooms are perfect and exactly the size I would want them to be. It's very comfortable and inviting. I've had a number of guests come with me the last couple of years, and they are always impressed. There's nice places to eat although it seems I usually go to the Grand Lux. I usually have good luck in the casino at the Palazzo also. I'm a club grazie member here, and I'll be coming back for more fun very soon!
4	What a %u*$in weekend! From waisting away beauty sleep hours at the blackjack tables, walking up and down the strip in 5 inch heels, overly excessive boozing, club this, bar that: I AM EXHAUSTED. Vegas seriously kicked my ass - so bear with me.I don't even know where to begin. Great location. Smack center of the strip and located right next to the Venetian, The Palazzo is a fairly new hotel that's extremely classy and well kept. Beautiful marble floors and carpet prints that don't look like the inside of Circus Circus. They have an array of high end stores like Barney's, VanCleef & Arpels, Christian Louboutin,  DVF, Chloe, etc. Checked in - the line was long but it only took about 15 min. We headed up to our suite immediately to change, knock back a few drinks and start getting ready for the night.To our surprise, the room was gorgeous! By far one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in Vegas. I planned on posting pictures but there are about 100+ of the same ish so I won't. Our room looked exactly like Gianna A.'s 2 queen bed picture except we had red couches ;PThe beds were out of this world!!! I would sporadically jump into bed 20 minutes at a time throughout my stay in the room to catch power naps or watch something on the flatscreen.As most suites in other hotels have separate rooms that divide the common area and the bed room, ours just extended out into the living room. The second room sinks a few steps and was very spacious which isn't too common. We had a glass top desk (fax machine included), an eating area, super comfy L shaped couch and a second flat screen. The view overlooked The Venetian, Mandalay Bay, THEHotel, Treasure Island, The Mirage - STUNNING. The curtains were controlled by remote. Baller...The bathroom was HUGE. Double doors, flat screen, a vanity which was my fav, a tub, stand up shower and a separate bathroom which made getting ready between men and women a lot easier. Saw a few naked bodies here and there. teehee. The guest services were wonderful. We didn't have the cleaning lady come in on Saturday so we called for extra towels and toilet paper. Both arrived promptly. I was also very satifsied with room service. We ordered buffalo wings, bruscetta and a miso soup for myself - most of the time I expect room service to be mediocre but the food turned out to be delish. Especially my miso soup. Arrived within 30 minutes and the total including tip came out to $55.00 - not too shabby. Another pro about The Palazzo is that they're going "green" - now you have a green card that if you place on the bed - they will change your sheets altogether. If you leave it on the sink counter, they will simply remake your bed. I don't mean to sound like a hotel snob but my only two dislikes were 1.) the elevator was the slowest elevator I've ever been on and 2.) the lock on our door wasn't working too well so it would randomly decide when to let us in. Other than that, the stay was unbelievable! Thank you Alyssa (The Palazzo PR) for the comped room, VIP entrances & event invites. Even though Vegas kicked our asses, we felt like we took Vegas!
4	The Palazzo= The Venetian. The Venetian= The Palazzo.  I knew they were connected before staying here [[I've been to the Venetian before]] but i had no idea the layout of the rooms were the EXACT same so it wasn't an "Ooou Ahhh" experience for me.  However, this place is gorgeous! I almost hate to arrive in my sweats because the atmosphere and look of this place is so upper class.  I only stayed for a night because I moved to another hotel for the rest of my trip so there isnt much to stay.  I dont order room service, could care less about gambling, and no time for the pool. If you stayed at the Venetian, you've been here already.
3	The lobby and the hotel is beautifully done. However, the Palazzo is a new property and the rooms are already starting to show signs of wear and tear. At first glance, our suite was beautiful. Then I started noticing little things that bothered me. In my opinion, their housekeeping service was pretty sloppy. When we arrived in our room, there was still trash in the trash bins from the previous guest. OK - so I could overlook that. But when I went to the bathroom, my heart sank. I saw mildew in the shower. And not just a little. When it comes to hotels, my biggest pet peeve is a bathroom that has mildew in the shower or bathtub. Seriously, what's the deal here? Each room is supposedly cleaned every day - when you clean a bathroom every day, there really should not be any mildew problem. This is the second 5 star hotel in Las Vegas (the first one was the Bellagio) that had this problem. We've stayed at lesser starred hotels such as the Hilton, where we stayed in a timeshare double suite that did NOT have daily maid service. We did not have a mildew issue there. On a positive note, housekeeping was very accommodating when I asked for extra towels or extra toiletries. Unfortunately, their issue is trying to save some money on Tilex. I'm not one to complain about my room while I'm staying at a hotel. I'm scared that the person I have complained about will spit on my toothbrush or use it as a toilet brush. I'd rather yelp the hotel once I've left and then share my experience with others. Hubby told me I was being too critical and that the hotel is starting to get run down because they are constantly packed and have a high turn over of guests. He played the devil's advocate until he saw some nasty splatters on the wall next to the sink. Looks like someone had partied too hard and missed the sink. It even grossed him out. Another gripe I have was service related. Many workers seemed to be cordial and even cold - not warm and friendly. There wasn't any meaning behind their questions on how things were going or how we enjoyed our stay. There wasn't any inquiry on why I told someone that our stay at the hotel was "just OK". So I think they ask the questions and really could care less how we felt about our stay. Which suits me fine because there are a lot of other hotels in Vegas who would welcome us and care about our stay in their hotel. The rooms are equipped with a printer so that you can work and even print out your boarding tickets. Unfortunately, our printer was broken, so I had to waste a good hour of gambling time waiting for the on call IT attendant to come upstairs and fix the printer. When I asked the valet/bus attendant on the phone about holding our luggage for a few minutes while we checked out and basically asking if it were the same person who would be obtaining our luggage and then bringing it out - he sounded peeved that I would even ask the question - assuming that I'd know that it would be two different people - so that I'd obviously have to tip both of them. I would have left less than 3 stars, but the hotel does have some strong points. The lobby and the water and floral displays are beautiful. It's location is centrally located and attached to the Venetian, it's older sister. The hotel's spa - Canyon Ranch is amazing. Also, there are excellent restaurants in the Palazzo and the Venetian. If you didn't want to leave the hotel, you'd have everything at your fingertips. There's even a Walgreens just outside the hotel. The casino is small, so we ended up playing at the Venetian, Bellagio or the Wynn. There is a small non-smoking section, but I didn't see anyone policing the person who was gambling and puffing away in the area. I'm not sure I'll ever give the Palazzo a second chance - because I really, really wanted to love it there. Unfortunately, our first date was a flop - so I'm really not sure about a second date.
3	Overpriced glitz. Nobody pays the same rate for a room. The rooms are nice. The high floor king is huge. They can keep the electric drapes and give me a larger tub. Hey, it's Vegas, which is still operating on the clip the tourists mentality. Business is bad. They'd better figure something else out.
5	We have now stayed at the Palazzo two different times and for a week each stay and we enjoy it very much! We usually like to try other hotels each time we go to Vegas which is usually a few times a year, and we really enjoy the Palazzo!We ordered room service  and the food was good and the service was so nice and above the regular room service!The hotel is clean and very nice!My son loves the tv in the bathroom!
3	Their hotel is being very stingy...they charge you a $15 resort fee for something that they should be providing in the first place.  But what makes the matter worse is if you dont get a change to take advantage of these "resort" amenties, they can't waive this fee.  Secondly, I had asked if they had an extra lamp since the hotel room was sooo dark, they told me that they cannot move any furnitures around. What kind of excuse is that? Their customer service is not exactly what I would call "top of the line".  I know there are a lot of ppl checking in every day but I think sometimes I think if you are not a "HI Roller" they don't really care about you...C'est la Vie...
5	I was floored when I first entered the Palazzo, not only due to the beautiful statue and fall decorations in the lobby, but because it didn't reek of cigarette smoke. My astonishment continued as my husband and I entered our beautifully furnished room, complete with a purple velvet coach, dark wood table, and white comforter-laden bed. The room may even have rivaled the size of our first apartment, and it certainly made me feel right at home. The staff of the Palazzo was also excellent. The gentleman who brought up our luggage instructed us on points of interest in the area, the remote controlled curtains (yep--lots of fun), etc. I also would applaud the kitchen staff, since the one morning we took breakfast with my in-laws, the food was delicious. (Peach smoothie and eggs-YUMMY!) This is truly the place to stay in Vegas...it's quiet....it's gorgeous...and you won't instantly smell like smoke.
4	This has got to be one of the best hotels that I have been to. I probably wouldn't go here on my own. I was here only because of a bachelor party. We were lucky to get two small suites to accommodate 9 guys. I think we could fit 12. Anyhow we were able to get side by side rooms and were able to move between the two fairly easily. They both were exact rooms but just mirror images of each other. There were 3 flat screens in each room. One in front of the beds, one near the desk and couches and one in the bathroom.I did like the fact that we were close to the strip. We walked everywhere and didn't have to take taxis anywhere. Last time I was in Vegas, we stayed at the MGM Grand suites. They were nice but the cost of staying there caused us to take taxis because it was so far. We walked everywhere from this hotel and also stayed here a lot. It had everything we needed. The pool area is nice and we were lucky to book a cabanna for the day. We had a tv and a private area to tan and lay out. I guess it was nice because we didn't have to worry about finding a spot. Plus we were close to the pool and had a great view of the people. We also visisted the shops in the Palazzo which were located on the second floor. There was an abundance of high end shops and some affordable ones. We really didn't visit too many just one. I ended up getting some dress shoes at the Coal Haan store. Great place for dress shoes!I would definitely come back again. I don't gamble much so I can't say much about the experience. Another thing that was nice was the fact that the floors were separated into three sections. We were able to get to our floor which was on 20 and then not have to worry about a full elevator or waiting too long to get on one.I did like the beds and they were very comfortable. The bathroom was nice. I didn't like the fact that the toilet door didn't have a lock. There were 9 guys which shared two bathrooms. The door closed on its own so you didn't know if somebody was using it. I liked the shower a lot but didn't mess with the tub at all. The tvs were great and we were able to watch some things especially football. They had some hd channels so that was cool. I wish we had a large fridge but it was ok.
5	It's pretty much an extension of the Venetian and the rooms are the same style.  I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  It's right in the middle of the strip and exactly where I want to be.  You can walk to everything.
3	i really want to say that i'm a fan, but i cant quite justify that. i love how their rooms are so spacious and a big fan of tv in the bathroom. I also love how the bed is soooo comfortable. however, i feel that  housekeeping doesnt pay attention to details when they are inspecting the room.  i noticed a couple of missing latches on the furniture here and there, and i didnt have to look hard for the imperfections. so i feel like if the housekeeping didnt pay close attention when they were cleaning, what else could they have missed? During my stay, i ordered room service once for breakfast. one japanese breakfast set and one american breakfast that cost $70ish. i understand that room service is suppose to be expensive, but the food gotta somewhat justify the price! my japanese breakfast was beyond yuckie, the rice was too mushy and the miso soup was crazy salty.  the american breakfast was just plain old boring eggs and sauages. i was trying to cure my hangover but the crappy breakfast made it worse. even though palazzo is the same as venetian, but i will be giving venetian a try next time.
4	I stayed here for the first time - normally a Wynn person, we stayed here becuase we got an excellent rate on the rooms. Checkin was fast and easy and lucky for us our room was ready at 11am.The rooms are excellent! We had a sunken living room withthe most comfortable sectional couch ever. 3 flat screen tvs and a bathroom almost as big as the second bedroom in my apartment at home. Bed was comfortable.Canyon Ranch Spa is outstanding. Best spa I have been to. Expensive but you get your moneys worth. And you can use the facilities all day.I took away a star because of some issues - in our bathroom, the mirror knob coverings were missing in some areas and our vanity mirror stool was broken! Whoever broke it tried to glue it back together which didn't work. I stood up and it broke! I also was not that impressed with the casino, probably because I hate video poker and it was everywhere! All in all though, I liked the hotel and would stayhere again.
5	Oh, man...what's not to like about this hotel??  We got a great deal on an awesome room with a great view, and were treated very well.  Plus it's gorgeous and connected to the Venetian, which is my favorite!!! We had a luxury suite with the 3 flat screen tvs like other people mentioned, great furnishings, and the curtains and roman shade was even remote control operated!!!  Just like every other hotel, it had it's share of restaurants and shops, some good, some bad, some ridiculously pricey, but hey, it's Vegas.  I know it's off-putting to some people, but I love how the Palazzo and Venetian use that strong perfumey scent to mask the cigarette smoke odor.  Coming out of every other hotel I reeked of smoke, but I smelled like a flower after walking through our hotel!I will admit the Palazzo pools are not as great as the Venetian (although they are more secluded and have more shade, if you like that), BUT you have full access to all the Venetian amenities anyway, so you're set!Highly recommend, get on their email list as they have room specials with lots of add-ons all the time.
5	My mummy and I stayed in a suite.Alright, this isn't a five star place. But all you have to do is add...-Super comfy beds (do you know how rare that is?!! I'm starting to realize...) ONE STAR.-Cleanliess. ONE STAR. I am so, sooo OCD about cleanliness. I have to wash my hands every half hour or I get stressed. But everything was immaculate. No creepy stains.-Layout. Excellent view of the pool (so far dowwwwn) and the strip. TVs everywhere. Lovely useful bathroom. Nice couch. ONE STAR.-Proximity. Close to Miracle Mile Mall, shopping at Caesars, and the shops on the ground floor. ONE STAR.The smell and the elevators. No, not a bad smell. Our floor spelled like ...oranges? I don't know. It was delish. And the elevators are fast! Or faster than most. Always a thrill. ONE STAR.SO dahhhhling, overall, five stars. This is a vary gorgy sort of place.
4	I had to get away recently and Vegas was more than appropriate.  The Palazzo was a great place to stay.  The pros: the price! We were in a suite that was just fantastic with three TVs, a living room type area, and a bathroom that made me just want to stay there for a day and forget the strip!  I watched the morning news while taking a shower.  Only in Vegas.  The hotel was beautiful, but certainly not the most impressive.  The con really was that it took forever to check-in and it took over an hour to get shampoo after they forgot to give us two days in a row.   I'll definitely stay again for the price alone!
5	Usually my wife and I stay at The Venetian, but wanted something new. So, The Palazzo was our next destination after not visiting Vegas in 2 years. Our stay here was very nice. Great staff, friendly and accommodating. The decor was beautiful, warm and comforting. The casino/ gaming area was roomy and well lit, compared to the Venetian, which seems dark and suffocating. They offer plenty of food choices. From casual to fine dining. In-suite dining was fast and responsive. The food arrived on average in 20 minutes, not bad compared to the usual 45+ min wait. Quality of the food was above average. An extension of The Venetian,  but an entity of its own.
4	Having stayed next door in the mother ship hotel, The Venetian, I decided to give The Palazzo a shot.  I didn't get to experience all of the amenities of the property, so you'll have to forgive me for some of the gaps (the pool deck for example).The room was first class all the way.  The toiletry amenities were very nice, smelled like limoncello.  The only knock on the room, there was spoiled food in the minibar and it did not smell nice.  Don't buy the food from the mini bar.  There was one obscene part to the hotel nickel and diming that I have to call out.  Everyone knows that if you want to go with carry on luggage, then you have to leave the razors at home.  Knowing that I think it's absolutely SHAMEFUL to charge $14 in the hotel gift shop for 3 disposable Bic razors.  The same razors were $6 at the Walgreens on the outside of the property.Some other positive things worth calling out... the sportsbook was awesome (see my review of Lagasse's Stadium).  A Coffee Bean shop right at the entrance to the elevators... a genius stroke!  An amazing array of restaurants on site.  And of course the Canyon Ranch Spa Club (see my review).One last negative, it bugs me when the nightclubs give no line privileges to hotel guests.  If you want to go to Lavo, don't think that staying at the hotel will help you out at all with the line.
3	I am a fan of the Venetian, but not Palazzo.  It feels like a big Indian casino tent on the main floor.  You can see from one end of the place to the other!  So much for ambiance.The shopping at Venetian/Palazzo is very good for high-end items.  A great place to window shop if you are not in the market for million-dollar cuff links.The Palazzo was home to the 40/40 club, but they ran that out pretty quickly.  Now, it is setup as a celebrity chef's location.  I cannot recall exactly what it is.  The Lamborghini dealership is fun, for a minute.  Vegas is the only place where they charge people to look at cars for sale.  If you don't want to pay, the other option is to eat at the Dal Toro cafe and see the cars for free.  Having eaten there, I can tell you that you are better off paying to see the cars if that is what you want to do.All in all, a flop in my opinion.  If it wasn't for the fact that the Venetian is such a hit, and the Palazzo is sandwiched between Venetian and Wynn (another hit), it would have closed already.
5	Pretty much the same as the Venetian, but more "upscale" (read: Rooms cost more for no apparent reason).  The decor of the Palazzo rooms are the same as newly remodeled rooms in the Venetian, although they might be a little bigger.This is the only place I know of (Venetian/Palazzo) that you can guarantee yourself 3 beds (pullout sleeper couch) when you make a reservation.  I don't think even Encore has that.Everything you could want from a hotel suite is there:  Nice TV's, Soft bedding and towels, complimentary toiletries and robes.  Nothing to complain about.  If you happen to succeed with the 20$ "complimentary upgrade" trick at the front desk, you can be treated to a spectacular view of the TI Pirate Show, as well as a semi-nice view of the Strip.The casino floor itself left something to be desired.  Definitely not as busy as the Venetian, filled mostly with slots.  The walking areas were much wider, but it gave the feeling of being very empty.  And note to the Palazzo:  please put in more Craps tables.  I would be very willing for you to take advantage of me at 4am if you would just have a $10 table open!!!
4	We had a a two queen suite. It was a spacious room with a beautiful view of the Strip. Closet space is limited. The bathroom was pretty! The toilet is separate from the rest of the bathroom. We spent some time there watching TV. They had two TVs in the bedroom and one in the bathroom.  O, careful where you sit in the couch though... some potential babies died there.
5	We walked in and opened one of our fine bottles of Cab only to have room service knock on our door: "I noticed you ladies requested wine glasses, here are 4.. and here is some milk and dark chocolate for you to pair with your wine" WOOOW. I was in HEAVEN.I'll keep my review short and sweet. If you're in Vegas.. and you're a group of 4..you HAVE to stay here. Get the room with 2 king size beds! You get a 5 star experience for a bargain! Errr.. if you're 5 then there's a fold out bed via the couch but the bathroom is ideal for no more than 4 to get ready comfortably.Of course, if you're less than 4, you definitely should still go here but you probably will have to pay a bit more per preson. Still worth it ;) ;)Sunken livingroom, a gazillion flat screen TV's throughout (even in the bathroom)I loved loved loved this place~! Nice and classy, great restaurants in the hotel, spacious and affordable if you split it with a group.. ahhh I love finding deals like this. And, yes.. I said DEAL. You get your money's worth here and then some! Oups, almost forgot to mention the pool here is awesome. NO ANNOYING STRIPPERS.. a nice family and young adult crowd. Not rowdy and clubbish.. and the pina colada's are awesome :)Quality all the way.
4	Not as beautiful as the Venetian but it's definitely a worthy alternative.  The all-suite design is a great concept, however if you're on a budget $170/night may not seem that appealing to you.  The Palazzo is in the middle of everything though, so that convenience adds into the price.  You have Lavo on the main floor.  Tao next door at the Venetian.  Tryst and XS at the Wynn and Encore, which is across the street.The room itself had all the amenities you would come to expect at this price point.  The remote-controlled drapes and curtains are a nice touch.  So were the 3 flat-screen tvs.  You could probably fit four people comfortably in a single king room if you're really desperate.  The couch is "L-shaped" and could accommodate two average sized humans.Just don't forget your toothbrush.  They run about $8 at the convenience store on the main level.  And the toothbrush isn't even that great to begin with!Overall, I was really pleased with my experience here.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone.
4	Stayed here this past weekend (Nov 20th-22nd) and Palazzo did not disappoint.  This all-suite hotel is very clean, less noisy than the Venetian, and feels more elegant.   l love the Venetian, but the Palazzo offers a more relaxed getaway.  We booked the Palazzo Bella Suite (2 Queen Beds), and felt that it was more than adequate for our group of five gals.  I slipped the young lady at the fronk desk a $20 upon check-in and politely asked her for a complimentary upgrade.  She upgraded us to a strip-view room, along with some passes to Tao and Lavo.  There were two to a bed and the fifth gal slept on the L-shaped couch in the sunken living room.  We could have turned the couch into a sleeper but found that it was more comfortable just sleeping on the actual couch.  Security always made sure to ask everyone to show their room card before being allowed to enter into the elevator area...nice!  I usually spot hooker-type gals trying to enter the elevator areas on prior Vegas trips, but didn't notice this during our stay here.The mini-bar is motion-sensor activated, so be careful about removing items from there...even for a few seconds.  Breakdown of room service order:  - tuna sandwich on multi-grain bread, with fries ($15)- delivery charge ($4)- 18% service charge ($2.70)- tax ($1.54)---------------------------------------------Total = $23.24 (+ whatever tip you want to add to the bill)If you're craving a caffeine fix, you won't have to walk far since there's a Coffee Bean situated right by the elevator area.  Of course prices are inflated...a regular iced tea cost me $5+.There's a Walgreen's attached to the Palazzo if you need to buy much needed items for next-day hangovers...like Tylenol, bottled water, juice, etc...  Just take a left when you exit the Lobby doors and follow the walkway to Walgreen's.  If you're staying at the Palazzo and want to get on the guestlist for Lavo or Tao Nightclub, just let the front desk know.  We were able to get on the guestlist for partying at Tao on Saturday night.  A word to the wise though...even if you're on the guestlist, you still have to wait in one of the LONG-A$$ed lines!  I normally use a promoter and skip the lines, but didn't this time.  If you're having dinner at Tao Restaurant, then I recommend getting a reservation around 9pm or later.  This way, by the time you're done with dinner, the club is open and you can just walk on up to the second floor to party.  Unfortunately, we were only able to get on their 6:45pm slot for dinner (we booked the day prior to arrival).  Note:  make dinner reservations as far in advance as possible since 8pm and later time slots are very popular.Cab from the airport to Palazzo (and vice versa) ran us $18 each way...plus whatever tip you want to give the driver.  One of my friends had to leave early to the airport by herself and was charged $28 for the one-way cab ride!  She was told by the driver that he had to take a shortcut via the freeway, so that's why it's $10 extra.  That's bullcrap because our driver took the freeway to the airport and we were only charged $18.
2	Stayed at the Palazzo this weekend with my husband. We stayed in a King suite on the concierge floor (non smoking floor). I have stayed at the Venetian previously and really had a great experience, so I had high hopes for the Palazzo. Overall we are okay with our stay, but won't stay again and here is the nitty gritty. Positive New hotel, new rooms, a little used looking but not bad. Concierge lounge attendants very friendly and helpful Bell staff and limo drivers were awesome Lots of restaurants to choose from Clean for the most part (for Vegas) Quick check in Negative Very, very smoky on all the floors I went on (even nonsmoking) Casino was very smoky with low ceilings and very dark Overall the hotel is very dark and the interior design is dark, sorta hauntingly, I didn't like it I was not at all impressed by the front desk staff, we even checked in on the concierge floor and found the staff seemed bothered by doing the check ins, took no time to explain our package which led to much confusion, basically they just wanted to check us in and move us along like cattle. We also mentioned whe making the reservation that we were celebrating our anniversary and we certainly did not expect an upgrade (we purchased an expensive upgrade already) it would have been nice to hear Happy Anniversary or something, well nothing! This is not the Four Season's. We purchased a package and I highly WARN against doing this, it is very..very misleading. We payed an extra 200.00 or so average per night and basically didn't use our "package" because they make complex rules for all the coupons and don't bother to print it or explain it. I spent and hour of my vacation in the spa with the attendant calling and trying to find out how my spa "credits" worked". I ended up finding out later that the spa attendant let me use my credit for something he should not have and I got a "slap on the hand" so to speak from the front desk who had to remove the charge, WOW, how could I...LOL Far!!! From the main part of the strip. Overall, we were not happy with our stay at the Palazzo. Needless to say, we will not return. Palazzo is not my kind of hotel, I will stay at the Four Season's or the Wynn next time.
5	This is a great hotel to stay at. Would definitely come back. Why five stars?HOTEL:- Gorgeous rooms with large flat screen TVs, a large bathroom, and comfy beds.- The lobby is fancy, but not over the top. It also smells nice.CASINO:- Slots are just like any other casino. Having non-smoking areas is nice.- Tables are good - $10 minimums are the lowest you can get for black jack and craps during the day. It rises to $15 at night.- The dealers are friendly. They'll chit-chat with you if you want, or leave you alone if you prefer.FOOD:- A few good places to eat at. The Shoppes of the Palazzo have enough to browse through and since it's connected to the Venetian, it's easy to walk there without noticing it and enjoy everything over there.- Dal Toro is nothing special, but if you like Lamborghini's it's worth coming here, although if you can't sit inside next to the cars, it's probably not worth it. Haven't tried the other movies to say anything more.POOL:- The pool is pretty gorgeous and it's connected to the Venetian.
4	I can't give the Palazzo a bad rating, but at the same time I urge you to take this review with a grain of salt for the kind of hotel room you would like to stay at depending on what you are doing in Las Vegas. For me, staying at the Palazzo was overly extravagant and unnecessary.Let me qualify, yes the hotel rooms are absolutely gorgeous and amazing. They look the same as the Venetian ones and are of the same size as well so if you're looking for just the experience and the Venetian is cheaper, I would recommend that instead. Also the Palazzo seems to have this intense perfume-y smell that I cannot get rid of and it gives me a headache downstairs especially in their lobby area. I almost feel like they need some smoke to de-intensify the perfume. I just think the rooms are too big and unnecessarily so. Most people come to Vegas and they go out, and they're out all day and all night and only in the room to sleep. So basically you're wasting all those crazy couches and all that space. I think unless you go with a large group of people and are planning to share a hotel room this place is just plain excessive.Other than that, all the amenities are nice but I don't really like how there's nothing in the shower to put your own stuff on or no ledge at all.
5	Beautiful hotel!  The suites are HUGE!! Marbled bathrooms are large & luxurious like most Las Vegas hotels complete with LCD screen, king sized bed that is deadly comfortable & a even more comfortable L-shaped couch in the living room area (also pulls out to a sofa bed). Tons of mirrors and lighting which is ideal for all the girls to come together to sip cocktails while getting ready.Palazzo is very convenient as well. It's connected to the Venetian so shoppers galore and close to Lavo, Tao, XS and Tryst if you want to party it up!
4	Love the rooms at this place - larger tham most others with a sunken living space.  Service here is great - from check-in to room service.  Nicely appointed.  The shops and restaurants in the Palazzo are somewhat high end - so it was fun to window shop.  There is a fantastic gelato place and Emeril's restaurant here was pretty good.  Be careful - the mini-bar has sensors that will charge you if you move anything in the mini-bar.
5	We booked the Concierge Bella Suite, well worth the price!While booking this hotel, I've been looking for more information on the concierge deal.  So on the Palazzo side, the whole 23rd floor is dedicated to this lounge.  From 5-9, they have non and alcoholic drinks and cold/hot hors d'oeuvres serving.  When we went, they had hot tomato bisque which was very tasty and very creamy.  Sear tuna on a cracker, tomato and mozzarella on sliced bread with a pesto sauce, veggie egg roll, celery and ranch, shrimp tempura and puff pastry filled with liver wurst. They were all very good.  The lounge had enough seating all around, it was filled and food went away quickly, but they were quick to refill the trays.  There was a bar where you can walk up to order drinks or have a seat and a waiter will take orders.  They had hard liquor like Kettle One, Crown etc.  This was what the concierge lounge was all about.  When you have this offer, your card has a certain color on it where you flash your card to them to gain entry.  There is also a private elevator to the place so you don't have to walk through the front.  We did have an extra 2 friends come with us and went up the elevator way with no problem. You just need your key card to open the doors to the private elevators.  Everything offered in this lounge is free.  They even had a business room with computers so you can surf the net for free and even print out your boarding passes, etc.  Now for the room, it was nice, different layout then the Venetian side, but pretty much the same.  There were two sinks in the bathroom, a tub and a standing shower.  Their vanity was a bit tiny. Having two TVs was a great idea since the girls and guys can watch their own shows with no problem.  The beds were super comfy, pillows and blankets were all down and very nice.  They charge 9.95 for internet connection for the day and they have a printer/fax machine if you had anything to print.  Overall, great room and even better when it's the concierge lounge.  I think it's worth the extra money.  Until then...
5	So I spent Thanksgiving weekend at the Palazzo.  The suite was was very cozy and relaxing.  The bed was so comfortable that we literally slept through most of the weekend.  This is the best hotel I've ever stayed at.
4	The All-Suite hotels in Vegas are my kind of thing.  The Palazzo at the Venetian is a great addition to an already glamorous resort.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uGupeWqih0yIcCg8anM1PA?select=Bz6PhFb6nKwK-xoF4YhInghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uGupeWqih0yIcCg8anM1PA?select=JTmlnccqC0ysBGBOSise2QWe stayed here at the Palazzo during our short  Pre-Christmas vacation.  The decorations of Grand Lobby and Registration were beautiful and non-conventional.  No traditional wreaths here. But still just as elegant! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uGupeWqih0yIcCg8anM1PA?select=g4sfQkRHet5A1DeehyGYFAIn comparison to the Venetian across the way, Palazzo has a more "Modern" feel to it, with dark brown color scheme in the rooms and contemporary flower art pieces and wallpaper surrounding.  The ordinary suites are as spacious as can be...at around 700 square feet.  Upon entering the room, you are guided down a short little marble hallway passing the bathroom with separate toilet.  Dual-sinks, separate Deep soak tub, and spacious shower. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uGupeWqih0yIcCg8anM1PA?select=VB-PMUwon0sgh3Wxxf1DgAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uGupeWqih0yIcCg8anM1PA?select=0fDKmMg9OoMbZPDyXS32Yghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uGupeWqih0yIcCg8anM1PA?select=sluR6FsLPoyzZk5B8UDwQAThe room itself has three flat street TV's, one of them being in the bathroom above the sink area.  King bed was so comfortable, and formed to each party of you body, as you stink in.  The Venetian trademark is their Sunken Living rooms--two steps down below from the main bedroom.  There is a very comfy L-Shaped couch that turns into a fold out bed.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uGupeWqih0yIcCg8anM1PA?select=gNR436WO_1ELwOMaggaK2QFor the most part, my stay here was pleasant and comfortable.  Employees were attentive, efficient with room service requests and very polite.  Just a few negatives...I wish that the housekeeping staff would've given an extra roll of toilet paper.  We kept having to request more.  Lol.  I also would've liked more toiletry amenities, as there were only the usual's like Shower cap, soaps, shampoo's.  I was expecting a bit more in terms of convenience when it comes to a high end hotel like this.  Housekeeping staff also did not restock toiletries on a daily basis, and only "when needed."  They still should've restocked.  Overall, I had a wonderful time here at the Palazzo, this goes partly to the Canyon Ranch Spa and Health Club, that I will get much more into later!  =DBut  Y E S,  I will stay here again.
5	This place just gets better and better. For christmas i got a free room for my two nights stay.. i only had to pay the resort fee. It was awesome!  It's their Winter Wonderland promotion that they are having it until March 31st for Grazie Clubmembers. So basically i paid $16.80 for each night for their suite. The housekeeper was great. I asked for extra blankets and they quickly sent someone up to deliver it to me. what a convenient place to stay.. only a few minutes from the Wynn and Encore (just cross over the bridge and you're there) and Palazzo connects to Venetian... go up the escalator from the atrium and it gets you in front of the shopping area of Venetian... if you're on the 1st floor of palazzo, walk through the pathway and it'll get you to venetian's casino area. Parking is great  - parking is near the guest elevators and the lobby is not hard to find and it's easy to get to ( Unlike Planet Hollywood).
5	The rooms are the best on the strip, even bigger and better than the Venetian. I have never stayed at the Wynn and Encore, but I think they are comparable.The self park elevator is almost adjacent to the rooms elevator. I usually drive to Vegas , so this is a big plus.Resort fee is relatively cheap compared to other resort of this caliber and actually worth something like access to the spa's fitness center.The casinos are spacious and the shops are really nice.Everything feels so new and luxurious.
4	We  stayed here for the first time this weekend.  The suite we stayed in was a good size (700+) sq feet, had three tv's and was furnished quite comfortably in a modern decor.The hotel had two great restaurants that we had went to (Morels Steakhouse and Lagasse's Stadium Club and the fitness center was excellent ($15.00 per day).Lastly, it is at a great location on the strip and is connected to the Ventian Hotel.
5	We stayed two nights at the Palazzo. I haven't stayed anywhere but the Wynn for years so I was a bit nervous about the quality and size of the room, however the Palazzo did not disappoint. We were comp'ed rooms from when we had played on a previous trip. From check in to baggage service we had all the same experience as the Wynn, if not better. We had a standard room, which they refer to as a suite. The room was much larger than the rooms at the Wynn. I would give them a 10 on size, compared to the Wynn at a 7. In terms of quality the Wynn still prevails (9) but Palazzo (8) is close. The bed, which is very important to me, was high quality and met the Wynn head on. I couldn't tell the difference between the two. The location is great. Between the shopping at the Wynn, Palazzo and Venetian you have everything you want. On top of that their are many top notch restaurants within walking distance. One of my favorites is still Alex at the Wynn. One con for me was I found the Palazzo and Venetian more crowded than the Wynn which at times was annoying. Most importantly, would I stay again, even if I had to pay - YES!
4	As prophesied in my previous review, The Palazzo did lure us away from The Wynn.  With free nights dangled in front of us, it was hard to say no =)Check in went smoothly, even though the place is packed.  In fact, the amount of people here is my least favorite thing.  But, good for them, I suppose.  There are 50 floors to the hotel and, with our free rooms, they put us on the 47th.  Not too shabby!  The rooms are huge, with a large bathroom and soaking tub (a requisite for me), a large sleeping area, and a massive sitting area in front of the floor to ceiling window.  There are three flat screen TVs throughout the suite (suite being their standard room, by the way), motorized (via remote) shades, and a cool light underneath the marble bar so that you can illuminate your preparty beverages =)Some negatives about the room: there were some nicks here and there, which is to be expected since people aren't careful.  This in no way affected my enjoyment of the room.  The biggest thing for me was the lack of digital music on the television.  I know this seems ultra nit picky, and I'm"m sure it is, but when I take my bubble bath, I like to put on the classical music station on the flat screen and relax.  Here, we would have to pay for Music on Demand.  It's a small thing, but it is a deficiency in comparison to The Wynn.As for the casino, there was an upgrade on the slots, for sure.  For the most part, we play the penny slots. Yes, we are High Rollers! Haha.  We like to play as part of our entertainment, and those games are entertaining.  Luckily for us, we also won some money!  Not that we necessarily brought that money home with us, but hey, winning like 1000 bucks and using that to pay for other entertainment, drinks, etc. is still a win to me!  I won like 300 bucks on a Monopoly game, about 275 on a Wizard of Oz game, another 200 on a Sopranos game, and the hubby won close to 300 on a Reel em In game!  And, he's drinking Ketel rocks and I'm drinking Chopin Cosmos the whole time.  That's my version of a jackpot!Palazzo, with your free rooms, I'll be back soon to (win some of yours and then) spend some money!
3	Note: I receive comped rooms at the Palazzo.I'm not sure what happened in the last year but the room servicing at the Palazzo has gone down considerably. I go to Vegas at least 4-5 times a year and in the last year I've stayed at the Palazzo.From our first visit in early 2008 to our last visit last month, the rooms are never as clean as they use to be. I assumed it was the economy so they've cut down on the luxury bath soups (by Agraria) and sometimes the room is not as clean as it should be. At first I thought it was a one-time deal but my last four stays were similar in nature.Since the rooms are comped, I shouldn't really care but I'm going to opt to stay at the Venezia Tower instead. It looks identical to the Palazzo except for the luxury soups (Agraria Bitter Orange).
4	I don't gamble, and if I do it's like $100. I'm the type of Asian guest that the Palazzo doesn't want, and they do cater to Asians since over 80% of the whales and hi-rollers are Asian. That's why you'll be properly accommodated if you want to watch Korean, Chinese, and Japanese TV shows (I hope they have Viet channels cuz Viets sure do throw down big money in Vegas).I only have some small issues with the Palazzo because after all, it's supposed to be a 5-star hotel?PROS:- Overall big spacious rooms (everybody's reviews below spells out the specifics).CONS:- The design of the Palazzo is very middle-of-the road, and it doesn't take the themed gimmick route like the Venetian, New York New York, Paris, Excalibur, etc. Instead, they've designed a fairly lackluster interior that's very forgettable. Even the lobby seems indistinctly tucked away into one side of the main rotunda which can be overlooked if you're not paying attention.- The management was gracious enough to let us check-in early since we got in prior to 3pm, but I don't know if room service would have put the finishing touch on everything, but I noticed a bunch of annoying details:  1. the lamp fixture in the bathroom was tilted, and it needed to be straightened out.  2. Small gripe, but when someobody's in the bathroom frantically spinning the toilet paper roll, you can hear it while your laying in the bed. This could take a toll on having "sweet dreams".... I imagine dreams of trying to balance yourself atop a log while cruising down a river of chocolate... yea chocolate.  3. Design wise, the door knob they decided to use on the doors is deceiving because I had a friend say "there's somebody in the bathroom" because they couldn't turn the handle thinking it was locked. Instead, you just have to pull on the door - either you're a moron, or it's intuitively ingrained in us to turn a handle.   4. Like the Se Hotel in San Diego, there's a gap in the bathroom door which is a huge perverted plus because they also don't have a lock on the doors. So if you have female guests, they'll have to barricade the doors if they can't trust you. My friend didn't shower.  5. It would have been nice to use the refrigerator in the room, but any sort of movement in the mini-bar would have resulted in additional room charges. Not to mention, the ice bucket they provide you is extremely tiny.   6. The bell check didn't bother helping us with any of our luggage when we drove up!?! They only assisted the people getting out of the taxi cabs. What's up with that? I know they don't offer valet, but isn't this the simplest thing they could do because it set the tone for the remainder of our stay.  7. Out of the 3 bathrooms, the bathroom TV wouldn't turn off, and it also didn't have the same channels as the other two?! So we couldn't find the shows we were watching on the other two.Overall it was a decent stay on NYE at the Palazzo because the rooms are so spacious which is great for hosting a bunch of your friends prior to going out. I bet Chinese New Year would be even better in Vegas. Maybe, I'll have to get a room number with 8's in it and take up gambling.... well Happy New Year!
5	Gorgeous rooms. High end crowd, stores, and tables. Beautiful interior and 5 star customer service.
4	We stayed at The Palazzo over New Year's and had a good experience overall. The rooms of course are very spacious . . . our suite had 3 televisions in it. There were plenty of drawers and closet space for unpacking. The curtains also did a great job of blocking out the light, although it was always hard to remember where we last put the remote for it! I wish they would have included some bubble bath in the tolietries, I had to go down and find some at the apothecary to enjoy the nice tub. They also did not keep us stocked on one essential: toliet paper. There were no spare rolls and we had to call down to get one, which took over a half hour. It also took 45 mintues to get a bellman up to our room to get our bags for check out. Good thing we weren't in a hurry!Another tip: We tried to get a taxi one evening to go out for dinner, and there were NO cabs to found, but a huge line. We walked over to the Venetian for a cab instead and were in one within 10 minutes. What gives?
4	Celebrated my 21st birthday with staying here. Room was on my stepmom's tab, so I had nothing to worry about (:I like the fact that they let me check in early. We arrived in Vegas at like 12:30 or 1 pm, and walked right it. Check in time usually isn't until 3, but we got to check in and go up to the room to relax. I like that.I forgot the name of the suite I got, but it seems to be the norm. It had a nice bathroom; lots of room for both my boyfriend and I to get ready at the same time. The beds were pretty comfortable, but for a "queen" it seemed a little small. I have a queen at home, and the two of us fit just fine, but I'm not sure why we had such a hard time fitting on their "queen" bed. Ohwell, it was fine. I was drunk anyways.The view was pretty, it was overlooking the pool and part of the strip (I think?) and Treasure Island and the Mirage. But I love the shades, aha. Blackout shades for the morning after. It was the best. One bad thing I needed to comment about is the part of the bathroom with the toilet. It is this little confined room with a door. And no fan. SRSLY? How can you expect people to come with boys that POO and not have a fan? I'd have to wait almost an hour for the smell to pass. All in all, I think I'd stay here again if I had the monetary means. And I'm definitely asking to be placed in a higher room. We were on the 7th flloor. Ugh.
4	Best hotel I've stayed at by far!  I was there in the summer with my family.  and we had a room on like the 45th floor.  Sweeping view of the strip.  Amenities are great.  This hotel has about 5+ pools.  Very nice shops.  And is convienient to fashion show mall.  Would love to stay here again!
3	sisterfriendforlife and the fam bam were kind enough to adopt auntie jill for the holiday weekend. the bonus was we were gonna spend it in vegas. the bigger bonus was we were spending it here. oh, and an even bigger bigger bonus was we had access to the concierge lounge. sweeeet....after the regular four hour drive for a christmas eve (not too shabby with 2 kidlets under 4), we checked in around 3ish straight to the concierge lounge. the room is huge with the sunken living room that has a pull out bed. yes, this was where i hit the sack and to my surprise, it was comfy. even the kidlets preferred a slumber party with auntie. aside from the kidlets enjoying the new room, we also got to check out more of the lounge. very convenient if u have kids for the continental breakfast that includes boxes of cereal, oatmeal, oj, milk.. and for the adults.. well the "happy hour open bar" is well taken advantage of. i've pretty much had the best mojito courtesy of jose the bartender... and the hors d'oeuvres keep u coming back for more. the only thing that was really annoying was the service. on our first day, we asked for beddings for the pull out bed. we had to make 3 calls and were told there was an hour forty five minute wait. they were only 75% full but claim they were super busy. really?? what's to expect if they were completely booked? after a talk with a supe, i suppose, we got a knock on the door a half hour later. the other complaint was the valet. granted there is always a wait especially for vegas hotels but as we call for "express service," we still had to wait. we weren't the only ones noticing this problem. apparently, they are aware of this and hopefully are trying to work on it. the palazzo is a newer venetian and they entice u with the shoppes, top restaurants, the suites and the amenities. they have grand displays of art with various themes that totally catches ur eye. all these are truly what would make u come back for more... but for an even more enjoyable time, maybe ur better off leaving the kids at home. after all, Vegas is still Vegas, baby!
5	I came here about 6 months ago or so for guess what.. my 21st b-day! My dad had comps for 3 rooms, so it was me, my step-brother and a close friend of mine in my room. First off 2 beds, plus a huge couch with pulls out into a bed. This was perfect for my group  because well... none of us were going to shack up with each other LOL. The bathroom is hugggeeee, had a TV in there which was nice.  Also had a TV near the beds and down by couch. This came in handy when me and my brother were just kind of relaxing before our 2nd night out, cause he likes golf, and I like exciting things! Customer Service here was good, the actual hotel was nice. They hand out comps like water here which is suuuhhhweeeeeetttttt. I won some money on slots, overall had a really good experience here as my 1st time being 21.
5	Ive been to Vegas countless times... up and down the strip but I have to say that I absolutely LOVE this place!First the Rooms....its a 2 tiered room with the bedroom and bathroom on one level with a lower level consisting of the living room. It had 3 TV's including one in the enormous bathroom. Everything was first class all the way in the design. My only gripe was the the $12/night WiFi bill and what smelled like an occasional steak dinner from the ventilation....not sure if that was from the restaurants or what but that was an interesting one...Our view was the North end of the strip across from Treasure Island overlooking the Pools and with the electric blinds/drapes...it kept the room nice and dark during the morning hours...nice touch. They also had a large enough safe to store my laptop in while we were gone.This was my first time playing their Casino and I found it not be as crowded and smoky as most others...the servers were always there for drinks and we won some money...all in all...this will be my new Vegas destination.
5	For a decade the Venetian was a premier property on the Las Vegas strip. But with all great things, staying on top requires reinvention or improvement. The Palazzo has done both - the styling is classic, yet modern and the hotel has an energy about it.Rooms are decorated in the same Venetian fashion, but with a more modern and trendy flare. The hotel features an upscale lobby, virtual smoke free casino and a variety of great restaurants for any meal occassion.Management made a great decision when they jettisoned the exclusive 40 Deuce club (sports bar meets NYC night club) for a relaxed sportsbar.Overall, the Palazzo is a fantastic hotel in a prime strip location. Don't hesitate to grab any great deals that come your way.
4	What I like about the Palazzo is that all their rooms are suites with at least 720 square feet.  This means that you have plenty of space if you want to stay in Vegas with your friends.  You have a step down living area, along with a spacious bedroom area.Interestingly, the Venetian hotel's suites are only 650 square feet.  So you actually get more for you money here at Palazzo instead of the connected Venetian hotel.Another cool thing about the Palazzo is that the free self-parking is located directly under the casino floor.  This means that when you park your car and take the parking elevator up, it leads you right into the casino lobby.  How cool is that, you don't have to walk too far once you parked your car.One bad thing about the Palazzo is its location.  It is a little too north for my taste.  I like the center strip location (i.e. Bellagio, Caesars), where it feels like the action is better and more fun.Overall, a nice hotel, and you'll get more room and pay less here than at the Venetian.
5	This place really doesn't get much better than it already is. Oh wait, yes it does...............it was all FREE! We stayed in a one king bedroom suite with a poolside/Las Vegas strip view. The room was perfect except for the couch which was a more neutral but I didn't realy like it. Bathroom was equipped with a bathtub and shower w/ a 20" LCD TV, two sinks, and toilet seperated from the actually bathroom which is nice for those who needs to do their "DUTY" without stinking up the room! The front desk, conceirge, and hotel service maids were all very helpful and accommodating. Highly recommended
4	720 square feet with all the amenities. The service is excellent and the attention to detail is remarkable.  You will not be disappointed.
4	I stayed at the Palazzo during my first foray into the wilds of Vegas.  It was, without a doubt, a memorable stay.I spent little time in the casino, but did explore the property.  Everything in tow was part of the grand spectacle that is this hotel.  I was truly impressed by the beauty of the place, especially once compared with some of the more southern strip hotels and casinos.  It is adequately close to all the fun, but is still far enough north to stay relatively quiet.The pool was beautiful, surrounded by lots of tool-bags, and the lifeguards were, unfortunately, very strict about glass on the pool deck.  I had to pour my delicious Dogfish Head beer out :(The room:  Fantastic.  Plush, comfortable, stylish...  Sexy.  Anytime I get a brown velvet-textured sectional as hotel furniture, I'm extremely happy.  The bathroom was gorgeous, complete w/ LCD TV for anyone who can't stop getting the fix.  I was on floor 35 w/ a beautiful view of the Wynn, Encore, and everything north and east.  The room was exceptionally quiet and clean and smelled lovely upon entry.Would I stay again?  Absolutely. Would I take more money?  Definitely.
5	Spent a long weekend in Vegas with a few of our friends.  Half of us stayed at the Palazzo and the other half at the Venetian.  Everyone's rooms were comped so we were off to a great start!  I loved our rooms at the Palazzo.  They seem a little more modern and brighter than the ones next door.  Our spacious rooms at the Palazzo were adjoining so the kids had a blast running between the rooms.  Great view of the pool and TI.   We were able to catch the pirate show across the street from our rooms so the kids didn't freak out at the noise.  Turn down service left us with chocolates before bedtime.  One day we forgot to take down the Do Not Disturb tag from one of the room doors and had to call room service for more towels.  They were very prompt in bringing up extra sets of towels.  The security guard downstairs didn't fall asleep and checked elevator cards throughout the day and night.  Parking was very convienent.  Love the Chinese New Year decorations!  Very relaxing and fun weekend!
4	As far as hotels go you'll be hard pressed to find a nicer cleaner place but beware they get a extra $50 for suites with a strip view that's not that great of a view the casino is nice buy if you play low limit table games get your walking shoes out and head down the strip to Harrahs or Casino Royale the lowest I had seem during the weekend was $25 minim on all tables and they have allot of open seats and spots at craps tables never have to wait for a spot to open up high lit to some is low limit to others I guess I play them all but when I'm cold give me low limits
5	The Palazzo is my absolute favorite hotel on the strip!! I love their rooms. They are humongous. Big bed, and a huge lower level of the room where there is this big sectional couch. I was in heaven. You could easily fit 5 or more people in that room comfortably. I loved the decor. It was beige, brown, and black. My fiance said that he wanted to decorate our future home this way. I would totally recommend the casino and shopping area as well. There are so many good restaurants and it's connected to the Venetian which also has a lot of nice stores.
4	Very nice, upscale hotel. Definitely agree with previous reviews about the perfumed air in the palazzo (and venetian), but there seems to be less cigarette stank in these hotels as well. No complaints about the rooms- same rooms as the Venetian (mini suites)- the only bizarre thing is the fact that there's a gazillion flat screen tvs, but no premium cable channels. Overall, I am a faithful palazzo/Venetian guest. However, if I had to choose, I'd pick the palazzo over the venetian these days (even though the venetian has memories for me, being the site of my bachelorette party :)
5	This is the best hotel in Las Vegas. We always get a room on the high floors with a view of the Treasure Island show.  I love the decor, it makes you feel like you are living in the lap of luxury. We always stay here unless I am going to Las Vegas to visit my Dad with my son, then we stay at Wild Wild West. They have comfy beds but the standard crappy hotel pillows. Great places to eat, but no buffet but that's ok. Awesome shopping. My wife loves the Coach purse she got from the Coach outlet store. The Valet always goes out of his way to make sure we get our luggage quickly. I love the bathrooms, the bathtub is huge, the shower could use some frosted glass though. I love the free shampoos and soaps, they smell so good. I wish I could find the same scent in a store but no luck. The casino has a great selection of games for your every desire. want to play a particular game, they have it. And after all that excitement you can relax in your room on your sectional couch or in your comfy bed. it makes no difference, the only place you don't see a TV is on the toilet, but there is a phone there. We had stayed at the Venetian before staying at Palazzo. Palazzo is newer but pretty much the same. Just to clarify: Venetian and Palazzo are 2 different Hotels, they are only adjoined but not the same hotel.If you decide to stay at the Palazzo, I hope you have a good time. Happy Vacation.
4	Really great hotel overall! If you've stayed in the Venetian rooms, the Palazzo rooms have the same lay-out but are a bit swankier... I love the wrap-around velour couch in the living room area, the modern-style is nice, and the beds are super comfy too! Some of my favorite other things about the Palazzo include the conveniently-located Coffee Bean, Morels restaurant for brunch, and the casino. I have to complain a little that they were not good about making up our room, there were no q-tips provided (random but I think every nice hotel should give q-tips!), and it cost 1/2 day's rate to get a pretty late check-out. Also, we gambled a lot but didn't get even a little something comped... The Palazzo is pretty great overall though and I hope to be back sometime soon! :)
5	I LOVE THE PALAZZO. Hands down its my favorite place to stay in Vegas. From the Casino, to the suite room (pun intended), to the funny, friendly, efficient hotel staff, to the guests only pool they've got your trip covered. The rooms feature a sunken living room that is the perfect place to have a few "lets get this party started' cocktails prior to venturing out towards the strip. There are several pools and your welcome to cross the bridge and hit up the Venetian pools as well. While your basking in the sun you can count on friendly staff to not only serve you cocktails but also to bring by refreshing ice cold orange wedges and slices of cold cucumber to soothe your sleep deprived eyes.If you sign up for their emails you'll get regular offers for some pretty sweet deals for both the Venetian and the Palazzo.
5	Came here for Superbowl weekend, thanks to CY, we got a free weekend.Like many others said, the rooms are great, I could easily fit 6 people. 4 in the bed and 2 on the couch. I felt safe walking to and from my room to the casino. Now to my favorite part, gambling. Tables are a bit high, I saw the Craps table from $10-$25. I played when the tables were at $15. They said their min. comps are $25, I was playing a good amount and I got nothing on my card. Played 6 hours total.Guess they don't look at people playing such small amounts.$6 Palazzo shuttle every hour to the airport which I thought was GREAT! If you leaving by-yourself by taxi, it would be around $15 one way.If you are flying Southwest, you can print the boadring pass from the employee at the taxi service.
4	I just got back from 4 nights (comp. thank you very much) at the Palazzo.  This is the second time I have stayed here.  It is very nice and I will not spend time telling you about the room size and layout because you can read what others have said.  I will tell you about some little issues we had with the room this time.  There is a lighted makeup mirror in the bathroom but it did not work.  there was also a scale that did not work.  My husband called the front desk to tell them and they had someone one at our room with new ones in just minutes.  We did not tell the desk but we also had problems with the automatic drapes.  I was also a bit grossed out with the stains (don't know what they were and don't want to know) on the couch.  The marble counter is also staring to show stains from careless guests who set wet glasses on it.  I was disappointed in how quickly this facility is starting to show signs of wear and tear.  In general it is a nice room for the size.  I like the location.  And hey who doesn't like free?
5	5 stars for Palazzo? Indeed. The Palazzo treated me very well during my past stay in Vegas, and I spent many many hours learning how to gamble in their casino so I have a soft spot for this place now. :)First thing's first: the Palazzo doesn't have that annoyingly strong fragrance being pumped throughout the air like the Venetian does. It's like potpourri overload there and I can't stand it. It gives me a headache so I'm glad the Palazzo has a more subdued scent.Second, the service here is AMAZING. We were treated with the utmost care and respect when it came to the valet, the bellmen, the check-in desk, and the dealers (some were super friendly, which is a rarity).We also ordered room service breakfast and honestly, it was the best room service meal I've had. Just their standard eggs, potatoes and sausage breakfast with mimosas made my morning. The eggs were perfectly scrambled (and moist!) while the jam on my toast was extremely tasty. Pricey but I definitely tasted the quality of food and had it in the convenience of our own room. Highly recommend their room service breakfast.Third, I learned how to play Craps here, which has quickly become my new favorite table game. My gambling friend and I lost a lot and won a lot at this casino.. talk about getting comped for AT LEAST the rest of the year.. ha! We also played Craps while watching the Superbowl (yes, that is double gambling going on!) so you can imagine how many HOURS we stayed at the Craps tables... haha it became our daytime gambling spot.The rooms are laid out the same way as the Venetian's, but I prefer Palazzo's modern elegant feel. The beds were so dang comfy, it was like sleeping on a cloud every night! I would say that the Encore's beds are the comfiest I've slept on though. Our room also had 3 TV's and in the bathroom was a VANITY! You can imagine how happy that made me :PThis place turned out great for us since we didn't really go clubbing during our trip, rather, we gambled.. so it was all we could ask for! Although, their sports book is pretty small in comparison to others and especially on game day that room could get PACKED shoulder to shoulder. That's my only gripe.Definitely would stay at the Palazzo again the next time I'm in Vegas! love this place.
4	Incredible and  Fantastic and Amazing.  The rooms are beautiful and elegant, spacious with gorgeous furnishings.  The only reason I can't go 5 stars is because the comfort of the bed and the bedding could definitley be improved.    The bed is the most important element of a hotel room, correct?   The bathroom is beautiful.  The rooms are very similar to the Venetian rooms, but I do recall the beds being a bit nicer over there, though, it's been a few years since we've stayed there.  The restaurants in The Palazzo are good!  Really enjoyed Woo and Table 10.  Very easy access to Venetian and the Grande Canal  Shoppes and the incredible Venetian restaurants.   You can spend all day...even 2 or 3... between The Palazzo and The Venetian and never run out of things to do and see or eat.  Be sure to see The Jersey Boys while there!  The Palazzo is a very very solid choice in Vegas.
3	A 5 star hotel close to everything for $199 per night?  Sign me up...or so I thought.Check-in took forever.  When I finally got to the front of the line, they told me that the bed type I had made a reservation for is no longer available.  "The reservation only guarantees you a room, not a particular configuration." FINE; but then why are suites with 1 king bed called "Palazzo Luxury" while suites with 2 queens called "Palazzo Bella" on their own website and have different prices? It was 2am and I was too tired to argue with them so I took whatever room they had.The ridiculously high resort fee (I know, most Vegas hotels charge a resort fee but it doesn't make it right) is supposed to cover internet and phone calls.  There are three phone in the suite but the only phone that worked was in the bathroom.  I had to stand by the toilet to use their phone. But that phone didn't have a front desk button so I had to press 0 and listen to all of the options.In the afternoon, a maintenance guy knocked on the door.  I was sitting on the couch so by the time I got up and walked to the front door, he had already let himself in.  Knowing the size of these suites, they should be a tiny bit more patient. What if they walked in on people having sex?While the bed was comfy enough, the pillows were terrible. I woke up with a sore neck. In the end, all I wanted was to check out a couple of hours later but NOPE, they couldn't help with that either.  The Palazzo was definitely not a 5 star experience.For the same amount of money, I could've booked somewhere amazing like the new Vdara.  Oh...the regrets!
3	The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel.  It was wonderful to see it over Valentine's Day filled with brides and red roses everywhere.  This year, Valentine's Day and the Chinese New Year fell on the same day, so the hotel was filled with people celebrating and having fun. It was festive.When we checked in, the agent was very helpful.  We were supposed to be in the Venetian, so he got our reservation transferred rather than sending us away.  He managed to get us a room that was ready so that was good. Once we settled in, we went to lunch and then walked around.  It is a very lovely hotel with lots of things to do and see. However, when it came to customer service, they were not stellar.They took more than four hours and four phone calls to bring us linens and pillows for the pull out sofa for our daughter. That was not good.  After getting frustrated at a fairly simple request, I called the front desk manager, Francesca, and she made things happen.  Finally. She did apologize and I think she really tried to make things better.Then the next day, my husband was not thrilled when they said it would take 35 - 45 minutes to come get the luggage for check out.  Since I already left for my conference, he had to manage the luggage and the kid by himself.  That was not easy.  In addition, when he was reviewing our bill at check out, there were a couple of items that were overcharged and he had to have them corrected.  It did not fill me with confidence in their staff.While the Palazzo has the makings for a terrific hotel, it is not the 5-star customer service experience one would expect.  They can do much better with a little training.  Maybe they can get the staff from The Hotel at Mandalay Bay to give them a few pointers.
4	Okay so you can see how many reviews this place has and overall how many stars it has. What can I add?  An aerial view of a big @$$ tiger they had for Chinese New years!  My complaints?- Expensive to stay here- I lost too much money at the craps table here.
5	This is a review of the casino gambling experience at the Palazzo, which was totally awesome.First of all, I was delighted to see only $10 minimums for table games (it was during the day, but still).  Of all the high-end places on the strip, the Palazzo seemed not to jack up the minimums too fast or too early.  (Sure, you can go to Circus Circus and play table games with $2-$3 minimums, but If you want to gamble in a nicer place, I strongly recommend the Palazzo.)  The staff was totally nice and friendly, even the pit bosses.  The drink service at the table games was the BEST I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED, PERIOD.  (The waitresses were totally hot and scandalously dressed, and were tripping over each other to bring me free microbrews.  It was delightful.)Also, the bartender at the little elevated bar with video poker machines did an awesome job of keeping players well-lubricated, plus was real friendly.When I won a ton of money at roulette, the croupier seemed genuinely happy for me and was nice.  I'm not a slots player, but I will say the slots at the Palazzo were the most nice and new and hi-tech looking I'd ever encountered.Well done, Palazzo casino!
5	This hotel smells bomb... Everywhere. The Palazzo is absolutely beautiful all around. There are so many reviews about this place i don't even have to say everything I need to say.. but we did have  wonderful service here and they have good food!We had a great time :)The Chinese New Year tiger was humongo and almost looked real!I also forgot to add that we stayed in the Bella suite, which accomodated me and my four lovely ladies. The couch is big with a pull out bed. There is a vanity as well as a double sink with a lot of lighting and mirrors. Palazzo has ALOT of restaurants to choose from so if you are staying here i suggest you definitely try out one of the Mario Batali restaurants,  and check out the shops.. one word ZARA. :)
4	Best described as an extension of the Venetian, The Palazzo is a higher end hotel with the capacity to be budget friendly.Location Location Location! The Palazzo is located within walking distance of The Venetian, Encore, and The Fashion Show Mall. Save on Taxi's by walking, plus. Space Space Space!The suites are large enough to accommodate 6 women with all their bags, dresses, and shoes. 2 beds and a sofa that could sleep 2.  2 tv's in the living area and one in the bathroom.  Simple. Comfortable. Elegance.    If you have ever bunked with more than 2 girls, you know that mirror time is precious. The bathroom was ample, and the tub fit 5 pairs of feet for a well deserved Epsom salt soak.   I was pleasantly surprised.   Big groups welcome, plus. Food Shopping Food Shopping Food Shopping and a little Gambling! Nuff said. No reason to leave, plus? You can stay at the Imperial Palace, or spend a little more for a luxurious room at the Palazzo. I will definitely be back!
5	For the rooms: If you need to impress someone who likes shiny new things, this is the place. Everything looks so modern and clean its great. I stayed in one of their suites for a few days and loved it.One thing that irked me and still irks me about some hotels is theres no real fridge! Each room has a fridge but its all electronic and stuffed with junk you don't want. If you even wiggle the fridge wrong it will get angry at you and you'll have to pay for it. One day I decided I wanted a frapachino so I poped it open only to be greeted with a year expired gross milk disgust. It took 2 hours to get the hotel to understand I wanted them to bring me a new frapachino. They first sent a fridge tech thinking it was the fridges fault! Nope sorry! Fridge didn't do it! O but you can rent a normal fridge daily which is pretty much a must for champagne.I mean really this place was wonderful other than that. So clean and pristine. it was well worth the money and a great experience.
4	Came here when first opened a couple weeks. Took me this long to write something. I think there is not need to review too much since there are so many already!You will feel so special to be part of this beautiful hotel and room. Overall this is a beautiful place for a special day...whether it be romantic or crazy filled.  I can stay here all week and cure my aching back on the awesome bed. But of course the price will kick me out after 3 nights.  I enjoy the shower, especially the double adjustable faucets (picture shown) that serves as awesome "masseuse" in case you cannot bribe someone to do it for free.  I happily turn into a relaxed prune in the shower. Too bad i have to stand up to enjoy it rather than lie down.The two things I don't like about the room is 1) the overhead lights over the bed. It is so bright! I think they should have adjusted it in such a way it does not shine right down onto your head and burn a hole in it when it is on.  2) housing for remote control for the blinds should be placed next to the bed. Preferable like light switches close to each side of bed. It was cumbersome to have to walk to get the remote. If it was 2 or more of us, only one will control the blinds and you keep hoping, "don't open it yet!" The ameneties are wonderful in the room, all toucheable and edible for a crazy bad price....but still looks good to have them around. Don't remove anything, even to look at the expiration date, because you will be charged a fee even for removing it from the sensored case. Watch your bill carefully b/f u check out. You may have to dispute if you have not consumed anything.  Careful, don't even accidentally knock the nuts of its base!For parents............This is a WONDERFUL place. They provide crib and bedding, baby essentials in a box (soap, powder, lotion, cream), and you can request a microwave or another fridge if you need. Very accommodating staff.
5	This is my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  I've been to a few and this is by far one of the best.  The rooms are huge and very comfy and beautiful.  The hotel smells absolutely great too.  When I go to Vegas, I only stay here!
4	The last time we stayed here there were a few issues.  Not enough to warrant me avoiding this property, but worth noting.   When we called for extra towels [It was in tthe 100's, we were taking 2 showers a day each!] it took forEVER for them to be delivered.  We had to resort to just grabbing them off the maid's cart as we walked by.  Also, there were marks on the marble that they told us were just natural marks in the  marble - try that on someone who's never seen marble before homey, there's a circle mark that is the shape of a cup.......It means someone jacked up your marble, which probably wasn't properly sealed initially.  One day housekeeping just brought us towels but didn't make the beds or empty the trash.  Do you know how quick red bull cans, gatorade and false eyelashes can fill up a garbage can????Overall I would say our last visit the housekeeping was the worst part of the experience.  But still a great property overall.
3	The room was terrific.  Loved the decor.  However, the service was terrible.  Everyone at the casino acted like it was a bother to have people there.  No one answered the phone for like 20 minutes.  They charged us for internet which was supposed to be free according to our reservation, the concierge was quite rude, and it seemed like they were really understaffed.  It wasnt just our party.  While we were in line at the concierge desk, everyone was complaining about one thing or another.I loved the room but unfortunately, the staff didnt match the quality.
4	I usually prefer staying at the Palazzo or Venetian when I visit Las Vegas, the reason is location.  It is right in the middle of the strip, you can walk to Wynn/Encore very easily, across the street from the Mirage (Jet nightclub).  You can also walk to Caesar's Palace, but I think that might be easier if you have had a few drinks.I also like the hotel itself.  Its really beautiful in the lobby and around the shops.  The rooms are nice and big. They have a large living room area with small dining table, desk, and a large L shaped couch that folds out into a bed.  This allows for about 6 people to sleep comfortably in the room.The bathroom is nice and large, and includes a vanity area to sit and do your hair/make-up.  There is also a large soaker tub and a separate shower.In total the room has 3 TVs, one in the living room area, 1 in the bedroom area next  to the living room (usually separated by a step) and 1 in the bathroom which I particularly enjoy while I'm getting ready for a night out.The other great thing about the Palazzo is that there is a giant Walgreens in the Venetian shops area that will have everything you might need or you might have forgotten.When we asked for blankets it did take about an hour to receive them, but I think that's because they take that as a red flat of more people being in the room than should be = )They also charged for cups (I forgot plastic ones) and a knife ( to cut limes).  It was 4.32, and I wasn't particularly bothered by it.The pools at the Palazzo are also nice because they connect to the Venetian so you can enjoy either way.  I particularly enjoy the shallow pool that allows you to be half in the water and half out when you are in it, I'm not sure why I enjoy that so much but I do.  There are several regular pools you can spend time at, as well as outdoor spas.  I also went to the Canyon Ranch spa, I will save the full review for that specific item, but as an overview I thought it was a really great place for more relaxation and not so much for socializing with friends.  I preferred the spa at the Palms Hotel.The hotel is usually priced pretty high at weekends but you can always get a deal, I have never stayed for full price.
4	What a GORGEOUS hotel.  I love that every room is basically a suite.  They're huge and the room we stayed in had a great view of the strip and the pool area.  You will not regret staying here just b/c of the location and the comfort of the rooms.  They're so large!  The pool area is also lovely but was crowded when we were there.  However it is still nice to look at.  I saw Mandalay Bay's pool though and it looked a lot nicer but I'm sure their rooms aren't like the Palazzo's.This hotel is basically an extension of the Venetian.  It's honestly a lovely hotel.  It's HUGE though, I dunno if this is what it's like at other hotels but I always felt like I was walking for forever to get anywhere.  There are shops and casinos and they're all nice.  It's also a great location right in the middle of the strip, close to all the happenings.  I could also see Treasure Island's show from our window.My family and I were here for a Grand Reunion for my parents hometown.  The ballroom was ginorous and beautiful.  I really had a great time at the event.The ONLY reason I'm giving this hotel 4 stars instead of the 5 it should have is that our check in was a NIGHTMARE.  They totally screwed up our reservation and from the looks of it, they screwed up a ton of other people's reservations as well since there seemed to be a whole mass of unhappy people waiting in the beautiful lobby.  I have never ever yelled at a staff member before.  Maybe it was my lack of practice but the manager just basically laughed at me and didn't even try to comp us at all for all the inconvenience we were caused.  TERRIBLE!  Although it's beautiful, I don't ever want to be burdened the same way on a vacation ever again... so I'm gonna try out Mandalay Bay when I visit in May.
5	Palazzo is just about as good as it gets.  I stayed here when I got married and it was perfect.  Checking in early, no line, upgrade to strip view, doorman brings your bags up, off to a good start.  The entrance to this place is beautiful!  The room is huge.  I had a lot of wedding crap, but I still had a good amount of space.  Especially nice was the bathroom.  It has a separate vanity area to get ready.  Perfect for a bride!  I needed my dress steamed so I called down, they picked it up, and it was back in no time.  They did a really great job on it.  Relief!If you want to do up Vegas, impress someone, or have a romantic getaway, this is the place.  You know it's good when it feels like your own little place and don't want to leave at the end!
4	I really enjoyed my stay at the Palazzo. I don't think that I came across any major issues during my stay. The rooms were very clean and the hotel was beautiful. I would have expected the bathrooms to be a bit more bigger but no other major complaints.The front desk was very accomadating to my needs and requests. This hotel is a bit more pricier than other places you can stay on the stirp but I personally think you get your monies worth. I would stay here again
5	Heaven has opened up and carefully placed a heaven on earth called ...Concierge Level rooms at the Palazzo  ::: smiling in awe :::We all know, the rooms are big. Service is great.But Concierge level, is just another level on its own! They're located on 1 wing  of the Palazzo and only from level 23-27, only.A stay there includes private check-in area on Level 23 instead of ground level; huge private lounge facing the strip & mountain range, private  business centers,  Breakfast from 6am-11am; "Tea Time" 12pm-4pm (incl. tea, coffee, snacks and pastries); Happy Hour 5pm-9pm (incl. some alcoholic beverage, warm food and pastries). Yes .. I did say "includes" all these!I could stay in the lounge all day and I'd have enough food and beverage to last me the whole weekend. But alas, we were in LV for my BACHELORETTE PARTY!! So no rest for the weary  :-D
5	The Palazzo is as guud as you get!! 3 tvs! Bathroom, bedroom,and living room!! Love the rainshower head!! =) Love the tub and soaks! Loved my robe! Loved how I was treated during my stay!! Will definitely be back..but not soon enough
4	I stayed here for the tail end of a work trip/vacation. First half was Ballys where the place was fine and everything was good. Walking in here, you know you are no longer in the Ballys. The room/suite is huge, with a nice step down into a living room with a sectional fold out couch/bed. Nice flat screens in the LR and the BR PLUS one in the bathroom. Separate tub and commode, and the shower... oh the shower. The Moen rain head had so much pressure it was great. The beds were OK, I had a divot on my side so I was stuck in the 1/4 while my wife had 3/4 LOL. The staff was great, the location was great.
5	Luxurious, huge room with huge bathroom and three LCD's. Room service was good, staff is attentive, mostly older people stay here cause of the price tag, but fun nonetheless. Oh yeah, don't throw your robe in your dirty towel pile. Room service won't replace it.
4	This hotel and I definitely got off to a bad start. After checking in, we go up to our room and try to open the door, only to find that the lock/handle is broken. I try to open the door one more time and the handle gives way and breaks and cuts my hand in the process. We head all the way back down to let them know of the situation and they give us the exact same room three floors up, but we don't get any upgrade for our troubles. Lame. My only other beef with this hotel was the stupid night stand light that would not turn off. It was extremely difficult to fall asleep with a light that stayed on right above your bed. Other than that, my stay was pretty pleasant.The suites are amazing! They are huge in size and can comfortably fit seven people without a hitch. Keeping the guests in mind, the Palazzo provides a pullout bed, which is actually comfortable for the suites. The beds are very comfortable, and these kinds of suites were made for large groups. As always, the bathrooms are also large and nicely decorated. There is even a small television in the bathroom, which was new to me! I thought the remote control to operate the curtains and blinds were a nice touch. I thought those kinds of things were reserved for hotels like the Wynn, but Palazzo delivered. The best part of staying here? Easy and quick access to the tables downstairs - specifically craps. Thanks for the good times and paying me and my friends off on that heater table. I thin we took over a grand from that table total. I would definitely stay here next time because of the comfort, convenience, and service. Just try not to cut my hand or keep me awake next time!
4	I always stay at the palazzo no matter what, its great for big parties or for couples. Love the decor and the big suites. I guess it can get pricey but if you gamble a bit, rooms r usually free. After you stay here or the Encore you would not stay anywhere else... get spoiled!Also, Love the room service!, everything you order is delicious. I tend to order after a drunk night and the food takes a bit to come, but when it does we all indulge in every bit of it.
4	The rooms are very indulgent.  I love the sunken living room.  There are several flat screens -- one in the living room, bedroom, and bathroom.  The shower is wonderful.  I felt like I was under a waterfall and I could have stayed in there for hours.
5	I love this property and I'm not saying so because my BF works on the property, he has nothing to do with hospitality so it's not like it helps his job any if he or I like it or not. I don't work there so I can say whatever about it in full honesty. Convinced our family to stay here and they were all really pleased as well. If my mom is not happy, I will talk down shit so fast as her vacation to see me should always be 20 out of 10. They liked their suite a lot and liked the property very much.Now onto my stay.... I've stayed at Venetian before I knew my BFand preferred it until Palazzo opened. He booked us for our anniversary last night. These are the biggest standard suites in Vegas and some of the biggest worldwide. I like space so I really appreciate where that is not skimped on...its almost 700 sq ft and the usual place is less than half of this. A standard suite at most places would not have a separate hangout area, maybe a table and a chair by the window and thats it. Here there is a sunken living room with a couch (some are pullout couches even! not all though....but you can ask for roll out beds to be brought up too for extra peeps), cabinet with a TV, a fullsized desk and a round corner table with two chairs- that extra living space would usually constitute a "deluxe suite" in most properties, not a standard. Bathroom has a vanity which most places don't and a standard tub, separate shower and a closed off watercloset/toilet. 3 TV's are unusual as well for standard rooms elsewhere. Beds are comfy here- I dont sleep as nicely in strange beds but I got a decent amount of sleep here. When living it up in Vegas, you need all the quality sleep you can get so I normally dont recommend cheap places with lumpy moldy beds even if youre trying not to sleep much. Probably one of the comfier beds I've tried in Vegas...does not beat Tempurpedics in a few hotels I've gone to. A foam bed is what we got at home so of course it's my bed of choice hands down. Check out was efficient, room was clean, staff is generally good natured here and helpful...specially kudos to the guards for giving good directions.   I find the design pleasant and the property itself has a lot of great places to eat- including many of my favorites on the strip and great shows. I like that the casino is open and you can see the lay of the land to spot things out or spot people out. Definitely a plus that here you dont have to go far to have a good time.Favorite property definitely. They kept their AAA 5 diamonds and 4 stars for a reason.
2	I stopped staying at the Venetian next door when I was given a room last year that was soaking wet even down into the sunken living room (apparently someone let the tub run over). When the hotel merely changed the room and didn't offer any "makeups" (MGM gave me 2 free buffets when something similar happened) I knew it was time to stick to the Palazzo. Well, now it's time to bid adieu to both properties as management has clearly decided that service and cleanliness no longer apply at this property.While the rooms are less worn than at the Venetian (only because it's newer) and they have the electric shades/drapes, there's very little else here that makes it worth spending money for, especially when other properties are fighting for our travel dollars. You are charged a $16 nightly resort fee (incl. tax) that gets you unlimited local and 800 calling (have a cell phone so I don't need it), free internet access (could never get past the sign up page "accept" button) and access to their Fitness Room. This is only access to the gym and NOT the spa facilities which requires an additional $20 upfee but the gym is large and has everything (it just takes forever to walk there from the Palazzo).The rooms are spacious and the bed is comfortable but the rooms are not always clean. And the evidence I have to prove that is that during my 2 night stay there recently, housekeeping did not ONCE service my room. Even after making 3 requests and being told that a maid was assigned to my room, I was disappointed to see that when I returned to my room at 10pm that nothing had been done. Discussions with the general manager on site did nothing to rectify the situation, only a weak apology and no effort to compensate, just a promise that I would receive better service the next time (who said there would be a next time). It's obvious that management has cut back on expenses during the recession but cutting back on cleanliness makes me wonder if they're risking more serious consequences (novovirus anyone?) by doing so.I would NOT recommend this hotel or it's sister property the Venetian to anyone, except my worst enemies (let them get sick, not me!). If you want 5 star service, go next door to the Wynn where they understand that concept (and it's usually cheaper too!). If you want a nice room, stay at the MGM or Mirage for much less money and better service.
4	I stay here the most when I go to Vegas.  I love the rooms and the smell of this place.  The restaurants are pretty good, but I really like the service.  It's best to get on their mailing list.  You will get discounted rooms via email. If you can, add the concierge upgrade to your room.  Free food and drinks from 5-9 pm every night!  You can get your drink hat on for free before you really go out and spend your money.  I also like the Emeril's sport stadium a lot, it's an awesome venue to place your sport bets.  The food is typical bar food with some flair, but I don't go to eat.  They have a sh1tload of LCD with every game on.  There may be a cover, but go to the front desk and ask how you can get in for free.
5	Without a doubt the best Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.It is true that I am only 25 and have only been truly going to Las Vegas for about four years. However, I have been going to Las Vegas for as long as I could remember and in those four years since turning 21, I have been to Las Vegas easily 25 times, if not more.I recently went to Las Vegas to celebrate my fathers 50th birthday with him and a couple of other friends. Ever since the Palazzo opened, I have been very impressed with it and have chosen to stay there every time it has offered a free suite, which is often or a discounted rate. However, this trip put the casino on the very top for me.I work in entertainment, so it is difficult for me to leave work early and even though I do not live far, LA, it can still take a while to get to Vegas on a Friday night. I called the Palazzo and asked for late check-in, which of course was not an issue but have had difficulty at other places with a late check-in. For example, at the Las Vegas Hilton, I was once told that if I was not there by 2AM, my room could be given away, even though I informed them that my plane was late coming from New York, not much I could do about it. But with the Palazzo, I checked in at midnight, no issue and since I was comped a room, I got VIP check-in.The rooms are incredible, beautifully designed, roomy and one of the best bathrooms in a hotel I have ever seen. One really cool feature is the couch is a pullout couch, so it makes the rooms even nicer if you have additional friends crashing in your room. The bathrooms have an amazing shower, with a TV, two sinks and a private toilet area.The beds are always comfy, soft towels and wonderful climate control. One thing also important to me is the safe in the room is roomy and does not cost extra. I always gamble when in Vegas but I also like to go for nice dinners and in doing so, wear a nice watch to those dinners but not to the tables. Some safes in Vegas not only charge extra, but others are not big enough to hold your money and an iPod. The Palazzo is not one of those places.Ironically I have always been on the same side while staying there, overlooking the Wynn pool. But from my angle, the view is great but cannot comment on other sides of the hotel.The casino itself is wonderful. Luckily, my luck has always been good there. I even won 22 out of 25 hands playing blackjack once, a streak that even the dealer was impressed with. For the most part, the dealers are very friendly and love to carry out conversations with you, making the experience more enjoyable, even if you are losing. The cocktail waitresses are some of the hottest I have seen around and speaking of the drinks, the Palazzo is one of the few Vegas hotels that allow its guests to have their choice of drinks. It is the only hotel that gives me an Irish Car Bomb while at the table. However, you can tell that the waitress staff has gotten smaller and it can take a long time to get a drink.I personally love the pool at the Palazzo, however, some people do not. I like how there are a lot of little pools spread out throughout the grounds. I think it allows for a more private atmosphere if you choose to visit a smaller pool. I always get a cabana when I go as well and the service there is always excellent. I even had a waiter go into the pool and tell a lovely young lady that I wanted to buy her drink, it earned him a nice tip.However, when I went a few weeks ago, I got a cabana only to wake up to 30MPG winds and sub 60-degree temps. Not only did the hotel not charge me for the full price of the cabana, they gave my father, my friends and I a free spa pass instead. Now for some odd reason, I usually do not eat at the Palazzo's restaurants. So I cannot speak to those. But from other friends whose opinions I trust, they speak of them very highly.I only have two complaints about the Palazzo. The first being the valet. It can very easily take 20-30 minutes to get your car from valet if the casino is only moderately busy and when it is really busy, you might as well walk. I have even asked to call down there 30 minutes in advance to try and arrange for my car, which they do not allow. Also, when you check-in, the bellhop can take an unusual amount of time to bring your bag to your room, sometimes 45 minutes.My only other complaint is the Palazzo seems to have changed its point system recently to favor slot players heavily and punish table players. My comps or room deals are not nearly as good as they use to be despite going to the casino just as much and spending usually the same amount of money. I called the players club recently and was told that slot players are more valuable, which to me as a card player seems unfair. I have a friend who plays penny slots who received a free suite for an upcoming trip whereas I have not even been offered a room deal yet.
4	I stayed at the Palazzo for 5 days this week. I have so many reasons to give it 5 stars and only one that drops it down to a 4...but it's a big reason.Check-in was easy. We got there right around noon on a Friday and there was no line for check-in. Our room was up on the 45th floor, and I wasn't really paying attention to the conversation, but I could've sworn that my friend asked if we could have a strip-facing room and the girl at the front desk said that we could for an extra fee per night...which I'm pretty sure my friend agreed to. Anyway, we get up to the room and we had a delightful little view of the pool at the Wynn and the golf course.The room was gorgeous...similar to the Venetian, but a little bigger. I wasn't a huge fan of the couch, but everything else was great. The bathroom was huge, the bed was comfortable, and we were close to the elevator.The casino was nice. We got in the Friday of March Madness, so once our bags were in the room we headed down to Lagase's to place some bets. It was packed, but didn't take long to place a couple of winners.The restaurants we ate at: completely disappointing. I was shocked to see a hotel with such high standards have such meh restaurants. We ate at 3 while we were there (SushiSAMBA, Dos Caminos, Grand Lux) as well as ordered room service and I probably liked room service the best...on the other hand, the restaurants at the Venetian are WAY better.I would definitely stay there again if given the chance...just probably wouldn't eat at their restaurants or would at least try new ones.
5	This is my absolute favorite hotel in LV.  It beats out my second favorite, Wynn, simply because the rooms are bigger with the sunken living room which has a pull out sofa bed.  So if you're broke like some of my friends, you can easily share this room among 6 people, if you get two queen beds.  The bathrooms are also very spacious.  It's a beautiful hotel and casino with all the high end ammenities expected.  It's easier to navigate than The Venetian (see my review).  It's simply beautiful.
5	My favorite place to stay in Vegas. I love the size of the rooms, the scent of the soap, the location of the parking garage (although I could do without those huge bumps)...If only those slots would loosen up and they would stop playing Phantom/Jersey Boys songs in the elevators..
4	Really, what is left to say about Palazzo?  Fortunately (or not, right?! ), I usually have something to say about everything, Palazzo included. The casino is a lovely place to play, but I lasted about 5 minutes, which I'm quite sure will put an end to my free room offers.  Worst BJ in town.  The only thing worse?  The video poker, which was kind-of-sort-of ok when they first opened, but now?  Not worth playing. The pools are ok.  Very, very shady.  Service is good, though.  Lounge chairs are plentiful. The customer service is excellent.  Never had a request that wasn't taken care of immediately.  Grease the front desk and your room will have a great view of the Sirens of TI Show. The room:  Very, VERY nice.  Large, clean, comfy.  Bed is amazing.  Seems like the rooms are just a bit bigger, just a bit nicer, just a bit MORE everything than Venetian.  http://static2.px.yelpcdn.com/photo/69qasP-eY75avHWC3P22jQ/l The whole place, lobby, casino, shoppes, restaurants, even the frickin' elevators are beautiful.  If only the casino had something to offer in addition to beauty.
5	This is my favorite hotel to stay in while in Vegas. The rooms are over the top Luxe and the casino/hotel has amazing food and entertainment options to choose from. Did i mention there is a barney's and louboutin on the 2nd floor? HEAVEN! I might be the only person in vegas who has seen the workout facilities in the Palazzo but they are very nice and you have the option of using the Venetians facilities as well.  The only thing i wish i could change is that i wish the pool got more sun. The main pool doesn't get sunny until about 12-1pm. There is a smaller side pool that gets sunny at 10am, but its hard to find chairs. Also, it took about 2 hours to get an extra blanket sent up to the room.
2	What?! The Palazzo not receiving a 4-5 star rating?!? That's correct...I should have trusted some of the older reviews on here and steered clear of this shit hole...ok ok maybe that's a bit on the harsh side, but this "luxury" hotel definitely did not come close to meeting my standards. I booked the Bella Suite for two nights on a weekend. First thing that I noticed when walking in was the overly pungent smell of a 65 year old grandma being pumped through the air vents at seemingly toxic levels. The odor Would have been pleasant if it was about 10x more subtle...rather than hijacking your senses and making you feel a bit lightheaded. Check in was a breeze however and the guy gave us a comp "upgrade" to a room with a "view". This entitled us to a view of the TI pirate show and the Palazzo pool...which would have been decent except the fact that the view was completely obscured by quite possibly the dirtiest window I have ever seen in my life. If I actually paid the $45 upgrade charge, I would have been furious. I much rather would have taken the standard view of the Wynn instead. The next thing that I noticed was the mass amount of dust build up on the sofa and shelves above the bed..yuck and achoo. Also, there were numerous nicks and scuffs on almost every piece of furniture and wood...even an imprint of an old dirty orange left on the counter top. To top that off there was a Condom in the seat in front of the bed, it was still in the wrapper but..Really?? Did No one even wipe/clean/inspect this place? Next observation was the most ill-placed wet bar/snack bar ever created. It is so inconveniently placed... you Cannot move it or touch it or even Look at it without getting charged some ridiculous fee...which I did. Right about this time is where I started to notice perhaps the worst quality about this dump, the Air. It is sooo dry and stale that it actually made me uncomfortable and unable to sleep well. If you are at All sensitive to this kind of thing, I highly recommend you do not torture yourself with this terrible air quality. I do realize that most hotels are a Bit on the dry side, but this was at another level...You couldn't even turn off the "fan" if you wanted to...the AC yes, but the "fan" no. I even had to put a towel over the vent to provide just a bit of relief. The Roman Drapes were sort of cool although they were dusty and the remote for them was very weak..this was probably due to the fact that the batteries in them were almost completely corroded with battery acid. The bathroom was pretty nice and spacious although I don't understand why they don't put a fan in the closed off room where the toilet is...the T.V. was cool in there though. I ordered two separate things from the front desk, towels and extra drinking glasses..and both times the service was incredibly slow...taking at least 45 minutes for each. And then there is the bed...the mattress was fairly comfortable but the sheets were stiff, especially the pillows. I would highly recommend bringing your own pillows as they were very stiff and uncomfortable...in fact I'm not even sure if they washed the pillow cases as there were some random eyelashes and small hairs on them. Also, the lighting system is weird with the lights and switches in odd/annoying places. There is also a resort fee that is supposed to cover local calls (who Really uses this..) unlimited Internet (nothing like going on vacation to use the web) and a daily newspaper...that we Never got Once! The casino was OK...$15 minimum on all tables which is expected I suppose. Had decent luck there but would much rather gamble at some other place. Overall this place was just not worth it. For around the same price I will Definitely be staying at the wynn/encore on my next trip. Beware of staying at The Palazzo!
2	Wow. A 2 night stay in the Bella Suite and upon entry, this place was like a giant dust bunny; not to mention the air was super dry and there was a terrible humming coming from the air vents. Visually stunning; but once you get to the nitty gritty of it.. there were a lot of smaller details that were overlooked. There is no fan in the water closet. Bad idea. Room service takes forever. At least 45 minutes to get towels, cups, extra blankets, etc. Actually, my biggest complaint is that the air is so dry in there that my nostrils were actually hurting. I'm not usually sensitive to this type of thing, but I was definitely affected by the dryness.  Also, that darn fan cannot be turned off and it's not discreet. I am quite the heavy sleeper and this thing kept me up.
4	The Palazzo or the Venetian is THE place to stay if you're Asian and all your friends happen to be going to Vegas that weekend. This is a good place to stuff all 10 of your friends. 2 queen beds, 1 pull out couch, lots of room on the floor, and a oh so comfortable marble slab. (Evangelline T. slept on it when we went awhile back ago). But since I am much older now and wiser, I will probably never ever be in a room with more than 4-5 people. (Once you hit 24, you'll totally understand what I mean! You're not young anymore! haha.)I think Palazzo/Venetian is a nice blend of upscale and "normal". Most hotels will feature upscale, designer stores (Chanel, Hermes, etc.) OR go the complete opposite direction and feature lower end/average stores. But Palazzo has both. You can find Christian Louboutin, expensive jewelry stores, but you can also find Victoria's Secret in the same area. If you want to splurge on dinner, there's always CUT, Carnevino, etc. but if you want something fast and cheap, there's 2 food courts. How awesome is that? It's a bit of everything for everyone. I'm not the biggest fan of the decor. I think some of it looks cheap and cheesy and I prefer Wynn/Encore's decor and the suites are way better (but it is also way more expensive). The pool also gets VERY crowded during the summer. Unless you get down to the pool super early, you probably won't find beach chairs. The crowd is also the typical, younger crowd (early 20's-early 30's), whereas places like Wynn/Encore has your older, more established crowd. (FYI: If you're looking for a sugar daddy, head over to Wynn/Encore. You'll have better luck finding a 60-year-old to buy you a Chanel purse than a 22-year-old who can barely afford 3 drinks at the club.) Gambling and casino wise, there aren't that many tables. (Or is it just me??) But it seems easy to build up points. I have friends who have gotten comp'd after losing $1k or so. Usually, that's nothing at most places. As much as I'd prefer to stay somewhere else (I'm older now so I like more quiet places.. LOL), Palazzo/Venetian is located in a very convenient area (there's a mall across the street and it's easy to walk to all the "it" clubs). The bf and I are still trying to figure out which hotel we want to build points at. We're having a hard time deciding mainly because I like staying at different hotels every time. But we'll probably choose Palazzo/Venetian because of the convenient location.
2	I'm a Vegas junkie and probably go there about 5 times a year..  I've stayed at just about every major hotel on the strip and have had good and bad experiences.  My husband and I actually got married at the Venetian, so I have a soft spot for it.  After a few years, the rooms started to get pretty worn down, so we started staying in the Venezia tower which is fab. I have been looking forward to staying at The Palazzo for quite some time and just stayed there last week.  WOW was I disappointed!  When we were first checking in, they were so disorganized and people were all over the lobby trying to figure out where the line was supposed to be.  A woman finally came over and divided the check in into two different lines- then proceeded to only pull people from 1 line and completely ignored the other.  My sister as well as others stayed in the line trying to get the woman's attention- in vain since she completely ignored them.  It wasn't until I came over after they hadn't moved in 20 minutes (the other line went through MANY people by this time) and forced the lady to start taking people from the ignored line that it started to move.  After we got to the room, the room was freezing cold and the heater wasn't working because nothing was warming that room down.  We called down for an extra blanket, which their response was that we were only getting one since they were fully booked (Uh...that's what we asked for).  They told us to make sure to leave the do not disturb sign off the door so that they could drop it off if we left.  We left to do some sight seeing, came back about 6 hours later...still no blanket.  When I called down to ask about it, the lady practically scolded me for leaving the sign up...uh....we didn't.  She said she would send someone up.  We waited about 45 minutes. I called back down.  Waited another 30 minutes..called back down again.  Someone FINALLY came up.  When I went to the gym the next morning, I chatted with another couple in the elevator who had the opposite problem where their room was blazing hot and their air conditioner wasn't working.  Went down to the Coffee Bean and waited about 20 minutes only to find out that the guy didn't submit my order...and had the WORST attitude about it.  The room was dirty and worn out looking.  There was visible dust and even dirty used false eyelashes on the couch..ewww. When everyone settled in for a nap, I noticed that the person that cleaned the room left an eighth of a roll of toilet paper and no kleenex. I called down and asked if someone could bring up some toilet paper and leave it outside of the room and they said they couldn't and that because of security reasons, nothing could be left outside of rooms.  I pointed out that two doors down was a food cart that was left out for room service to pick up, so yes, things WERE left outside of doors.  She then said she would send someone up.  It was just one bad experience after another... and the only ones that I can immediately recall were the ones that I mentioned...but there were many more...which is really sad!  With all of the hotels trying to one up each other, I can't BELIEVE The horrible service and attitude that I kept getting from everyone at the Palazzo.  One time- yes a fluke...but that many experiences on the same trip?  Can't be a coincidence...  I would NEVER stay there again...
4	played war here for 5 hours straight, then got clowned for it by the dealers.had an awesome timewill be back soon :Drooms are nice and big when you include the separate seating area.crappy review i know.. but what do you want me to say? lol. no regrets staying here.
5	DATE: Wednesday, Feb 4, 2009 - Saturday, Feb 7, 2009ROOM TYPE: Bella SuiteLENGTH OF STAY: 3 nightsRATE: $142.04/night after taxes @ hotwire.com___________________________________We were lucky to have had such an awesome person at the check-in counter when we stayed there. We had a lengthy conversation regarding all the Cirque du Soleil productions, gossiped a little about Steve Wynn and the corporate break-up that led to the birth of Le Reve, and traded tips on the fabulous celebrity chef restaurants. He assured me that dinner at Joel Robuchon would be "the best meal of my life" (as it was his and many others before him) and gave me a list of a few unknown casual off-Strip eateries commonly frequented by visiting celebrity chefs, sommeliers (Robert Parker), and Cirque du Soleil performers. (I assure you, losing that list was not fun.)By the end of the conversation, he had upgraded us to the Palazzo Bella, with a view of the Strip. I realize it's not "the best room in the resort," but it was beautiful just the same, and wonderful coming back to such a clean, spacious, and comfortable room every night after all that walking around the Strip followed by dinners and shows.. The bathtub was big enough for two to relax in, and the sitting area allowed us to sit and chat over bubbly whenever we wanted.. We had 2 LCDs in the actual bedroom, and another one in the bathroom. All requests were quickly addressed, and the housekeeping staff do an incredible job keeping the place virtually spotless.The location is ideal, being next to the Wynn and across(ish) the Treasure Island and Mirage.The property itself is, as any of us familiar with Vegas know, beautiful.I had an incredible time.[ 200 ]
5	Molto Bene, Palazzo!  Absolutely loved this hotel, fabulous room and great pool.  Splurge on the concierge floor if you can, the ease of "private" check-in and amenities were worth it.  I appreciated the expanded continental breakfast on the 23rd floor concierge lounge.  Good coffee, oatmeal, fruit, pastries, egg dish = yum.  I think we made up the extra expense by enjoying the afternoon amenities of open bar and hot snacks from 5-7pm.  Hey, if you are drinking 2-3+ drinks there, it's worth it.  Nice pre-party before dinner!!Pool area was great.  Nice landscaping, plenty of pool areas (quiet or active).  Just get there early to get a lounge chair.  Bummer no cocktail or food service, so had to get take-out from Solara poolside restaurant.  Fun to check out the scene on the walk.
4	I promised myself, that for each of my trips to Vegas. That I would stay in a different hotel. But after The Palazzo, I'm not sure if I want to stay at any other. And I'm not sure if I want to stay in any other room then the room I stayed in,lol. I loved the hotel and the rooms are just amazing. I felt like I was living in a luxury high rise condo. The furniture is very contemporary and very "un-hotel" like. I really enjoyed the step-down living room with the sectional couch and having my own lil office right there in the room. The in suite dining was very good and the staff are awesome. The only reason why I gave them 4 stars rather then 5 and that the customer service is SLOW. It takes sooooo long to fulfill a request. Rather it be food service, and type of room service or even getting someone on the phone. I was on hold twice for about 20 minutes. Not good. But that will not stop me from visiting again. This spot is definitely on my recommend list. But I still have to try a couple other hotels, but that's gonna be extremely hard for me to do.
4	We stayed 4/9-4/12/2010 with my sister and her boyfriend.  I am not usually a fan of sharing a room with others, but we knew going in this would be a major party weekend.  Plus, my sis was there on business and her company paid for one of the nights we were there.  The great news is that our standard room was huge!  Two queen beds, separate living room with large L-shaped couch and table and chairs.  Plus, the biggest bathroom in a Vegas hotel I've ever stayed in.  The bathtub and shower were amazing.  It was nice to use the vanity with stool to apply make up and fix our hair too.We visited the pool area all three days.  It's a lovely area, but nothing to rave about.  We went into the adults only pool area and it too was just ok.  No topless women in case you were curious.  Just 21+ only.Beautiful furnishings and class all around, I really loved our stay at the Palazzo.  We even saw Joan Rivers twice.  Once while dining at Lavo, which I'll write a separate review on, but it was an incredible dinner.  I'm hoping to return soon!
2	Bad Customer Service, great hotel!This was my second stay at Palazzo Resort in Las Vegas.  My wife and I decided to take few days off and spend some time in Las Vegas (dinner, show, etc.).  I reserved our rooms directly via Palazzo's website using suite package simply perfect (promotion code EPAPHMX).We arrived at the hotel around 7:30pm.  Palazzo claims to be a 5 star hotel, but surprisingly there was nobody at the front door offering to carry your luggage or even open the door for us.   Once at the registration area, you will see two waiting area:  1. Invited guests, 2. General registration.  We proceeded to the general registration with approximately 20-25 people in front of us.  After waiting for almost 45 minutes, we finally had to give up since we had a show reservation at another hotel.  There was nobody in sight to ask any questions so I tried asking the Concierge if there was any other way for us to checkin.  I was told:  "this is a 5 star resort so there is no self checkin."  Their recommendation was to call hotel's 800 and let them know that we were going to be late checkin and try later.  I called the hotel 800 number and spoke to front desk and then the hotel manager and explained my story.  Absolutely no regard for their guest's well being or customer satisfaction!  The explanation from the hotel manager's was that this is normal!  Business must be good because they simply don't care!We had to drop our luggage at the downstairs garage to hold for us.  After the show, we went back to the hotel around mid-night to try to checkin again.  We had to wait 15 minutes (even at mid-night hour) to get a representative. We finally managed to checkin around 12:30am and proceeded to our room; however, it took another 30 minutes for our luggage to be delivered to our room.Travel tips:  Be advised, there is a resort fee of $19.04 per night.  This is not disclosed anywhere on Palazzo's website or during reservation. There is a Walgreens next to Palazzo.  If you need water or personal items, it takes couple of minutes to walk to Walgreens.Taxi ride from the airport to this hotel is around $35 if you take the highway or around $20 if you take the back streets.  I would take the back street if there is no construction or traffic.The air is so dry in this hotel.  If you have a sinus problem like me, as for a humidifier.  They will deliver it to you.
5	This was by far the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in and it didn't cost me a dime.  Service was excellent from check in to check out and everything in between.I got a standard suite which consisted of a lower living room area with a huge L-shape sofa with a foldaway bed, 2 queen beds in the bedroom area and a large bathroom.  Each space has their own flat screen tv including the bathroom (3 tvs total)  My 30th floor suite was on the opposite side of the Strip but it still had amazing views of the mountains and I could see the airport.  The room also had remote control curtains which was a nice feature.  The beds were comfortable but it usually takes me a couple of days to get accustomed to sleeping in new environments or I would have enjoyed it more.  The bathrooms have a separate shower and tub.  The toilet is also in a separate room.  While the bathroom is huge, there is little privacy as everything is together in one room.As I said before this was the nicest hotel that I've ever stayed in.  However, this being Vegas, I would only stay here again if I was comped.  After all, how often was I actually in the room.
3	After staying in nearly every hotel in Vegas I can say that the rooms at Palazzo/The Venetian are among the best. The average two bed at Palazzo is only slightly smaller than a Parlor Suite at the Wynn. The bathrooms are not as nice as the Wynn's or Mandalay's, but this is more than made up for by the added space to the main room. The location of Palazzo couldn't be better. It's perfectly in the heart of the strip and most of the best clubs are in walking distance. However, the staff are particularly unhelpful in directing you out of the property and will actually WILLFULLY MISDIRECT you towards the canal shops in some bizarre attempt to get you to shop there regardless of where you intended to go.This brings us to the downside. The service is terrible. Even if you're playing hundred dollar plus hands you will not get a drink in a reasonable time frame. The front desk said to call them for late check out, however, both stays here I attempted this and was stone-walled with a 20 minute hold while music played and then met with a front desk girl that was the most unpleasant person I have dealt with-- She reminded me of the voice from 1408, with an insane sense of smugness-- "No" was clearly her favorite word and she was unwilling to compromise on any point. It was terrible dealing with her. On both days that I requested late checkout she claimed that it would be impossible. It was as if she sincerely believed that all the hotel rooms would be cleaned promptly by noon and that every room would be booked on a Sunday. Seriously?The Concierge desk is significantly better than their other service and will help you out if you are a hotel guest, especially with clubs/guestlist, etc-- it's a refreshing change.But other than that, the service here fails to meet the targets that it should and needs improvement to match the Wynn or other hotels.
5	Great place to wine, dine, stay and play.  I try to make it out to Vegas at least once every quarter.  Work hard, play hard.  The staff at the Palazzo and Venetian do things right.  For the last 6 stays, I've enjoyed everything.  You can't beat the location.  My wife loves the shops as well as the spa.  I can't wait to get back.
4	This is by far one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. The suites were very spacious and reasonably priced for how many people you can cram into these rooms (with beds of course).  There is a comfy sectional couch with a single pull out bed, a tv in the bathroom and many other amenities. The elevators are really fast.My biggest complaint is that when we ordered towels, a blanket and extra pillows, it took 1.5 hrs to receive, which was so long that even the Priority Card center called in to check on us to make sure we received. What made it worse was that when I called in after 45 minutes of waiting, the housekeeping lady that picked up claimed I only called in 20  minutes ago, but that was actually just the time she decided to put in my order. This made us miss meeting our friends at another casino, which obviously ruined our experience.30 min +taxi line...ridiculous.No poker room.On the brighter side, this casino doesn't take commission on most tables and has a non-smoking section, which is really nice for us non smokers. All in all I would definitely stay here again!
5	I stayed at this hotel last summer and was blown away.The first time that I came to Vegas I stayed at Mandalay Bay when it just opened.  I believe that The Palazzo was one of the newer hotels when we visited this time as well.  The rooms are amazing.  We stayed in a suite and it was absolutely gorgeous.  We had a great view.  The room had 2 Queen sized beds and also had a separate area with a TV and couch.  The decor was very elegant and you really felt like you were living in style.  Great bathroom area as well!  There was a small TV above the sink area and also a separate little room where the toilet was.  Amazing shower as well with bathrobes included. One of the other things that I liked about this hotel is that it's connected to the Venetian.  The Venetian is a stunning hotel as well and I felt that we had the best of both worlds.  You are able to go between both hotels and explore all you want.     The Palazzo has a variety of shops and restaurants to try as well.  One in particular that stood out to me was Woo (see my earlier reviews), the upscale Chinese restaurant.  Delicious!  Next time you're visiting Las Vegas and REALLY want the hotel experience, stay here.  I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
4	I say probably because I haven't been to any of the others. However, the others would have to be even more over the top than this one. Ignore those that say this is not five star. Five star is definitely the Palazzo. The beds, the marble everywhere, the large suken den area with a huge sectional sofa, the two HD TVs, the amenities, the auto blinds, the rediculously huge bathroom with seperate tub and shower (surrounded by marble) the double vanity, and seperate powder room are all five star quality and five star presentation. Most affluent people's homes don't have things this well laid out or of this quality. The color scheme and materials all reflect Vegas' attitude of young and sexy. I feel rich staying here. The clubs and restaurants are all THE places to be in Vegas for the well advertised nightlife. Their shopping areas abound with pricey but quality goods that sometimes you can only find in foreign countries. The casino is large, but very spread out so it's not crowded. However, cigarette smoke makes the casino dated and old school, not in line with the rest of the attractions.The service of the staff, although friendly and attentive, is lacking simply because there are not enough staff to cover this three in one hotel complex and the needs of everyone there (like a morning rush to check out) or a long line and the belldesk to arrange for transportation or taxi.) In addition, the guest services areas are not put into intuitive places. However, this is my first stay in a hotel complex this large, so maybe my expections are a little skewed, but it seems like the larger the hotel, the greater the resources should be.That being said, I'm not needy so I can pretty much get anything I need over the phone in the guest room and there is no need for me to have to journey anywhere to get something. Overall, I will be back because I cannot see how anything could be better than this experience. However, my room had a full view of the spectacular pool at the Wynn. So I'll have to come back several more times to compare places!
5	If you want top notch service you must stay at this hotel!! I have stayed at the Palazzo twice in the past two years and both times they did not disappoint.For small duckets more per night you can upgrade your suite to the Concierge Level. The amenities of this service include a huge private lounge that can only be accessed by guests with Concierge access. A morning breakfast reception, tea and coffee in the afternoon and every night from 5 pm to 7 pm open bar with top shelf liquor. I said OPEN BAR!! With drinks in Vegas running ten bucks a pop the extra money pays for itself by utilizing the nightly cocktail service. Besides for the amazing lounge the staff is wonderful. They go above and beyond to make sure you are comfortable and well cared for. Concierge guests have access to private check in and they will give you recommendations for dining, hot spots and the best shows in town.I stayed in a large suite with the most comfortable bed and an amazing jetted tub. I was even able to take a bath while catching up on my favorite shows as there is a TV in the bathroom. For an extra charge the hotel offers specialty baths so you can pamper yourself or surprise that special someone.All in all this is one of the most beautiful hotels in Vegas and whether you stay one night or ten the Palazzo will not disappoint!!
5	"If anything's worth doing, Its worth doing right" -Hunter S. ThompsonAnd the Palazzo, is doing Vegas right.  If you can shell out the $250+ per night, you will definitely get every penny's worth.Every member of staff from the bellhop taking ur bags from the limo to the broken English house keeping staff are genuinely courteous and will greet you ALL the time.If you need anything at all, they will drop whatever theyre doing to help.  The rooms are a 10/10 by far, 3 flat screen TVs, huge sectional sofa, a shower that I wish I coulda taken home with me, you name it!NOTE:  $15/night resort fee + $13/day internet (BOO)If you're a poker player like myself, take a short stroll through the corridor connecting to the Venetian gaming floor for some awesome poker, usually 300+ players at any given time.THE PALAZZO IS THE WAY TO GO.
4	This is the first time I've ever stayed at The Palazzo with just the bf. I've stayed here many times and it's always with a group of people since the rooms are big enough to accommodate 5-6 people comfortably. I always have a great time here with friends because of its central location and easy access to the clubs. Tao (inside The Venetian) is a short walk and you don't even need to step out of the hotel, XS is also a short walk.. you just need to cross a bridge to the Wynn and walk to Encore. The pool is also great for socializing and meeting people. But if you're like me and prefer a secluded pool then this isn't the place. Room service can also use an improvement. I LOVE room service and order it frequently when I'm at hotels. Unfortunately, most of the food I've tried from The Palazzo room service hasn't been great.If you're looking for a place to relax in Vegas, there are other hotels. But The Palazzo is a great place to come with friends and party.
4	Stayed here for a conference....rooms are great - lots of space and nicely kitted out. The catering was pretty repetitive and the check in experience was terrible (think 40 minute lines), which is why they got taken down a notch. I'd stay here again, which is saying something since I am usually anti hotels with casinos in them. The rooms were very quiet (I had two people I knew staying next door and couldn't hear a peep). Facilities were great for large groups. If you get keys when you check in but no room...just go back at 3 pm since they'll never get around to calling you.
4	Great experience. The room was really pleasant and spacious.  Like the Venetian, Palazzo's sister hotel, the standard rooms are actually single room suites w/ living room area. But the style/colors at the Palazzo are noticeably hipper than the Venetian. The staff was always courteous and responsive (e.g. during check-in, when we requested extra towels, problems with our in-room printer/fax, etc.). Even the cab lines were short. The Palazzo could be my new favorite in LV (or at least neck-and-neck w/ Encore or THEHotel).Some have criticized the mandatory resort fee ($17/room) for wifi and gym access, but it's preferable to hotels where you're charged $10 per device/day. We had at least 3 or 4 wifi devices (laptops/ipads/ipods) per room, so this was practically a "bargain" - by Vegas standards.
4	Nice casino and decor!  Glad my gambling $$ is going towards beautifying the place!  Love the waterfall, hanging umbrellas display!
3	Discounts for a very nice hotel? I'm there!First off, I stayed here over a year ago and the cleanliness of the room was horrific. After talking to tons of people and getting it all fixed, I decided to give this place another try.The Palazzo is just like The Venetian, but a little more modern. Good: Great place to be at. Nice, spacious rooms.Bad: Our doorknob wouldn't lock when we first arrived. Geez.Final: This place can get pricey without the special deals.
4	This is ALL-TIME fav Vegas stomping ground. Its suites are rightly sized and the people at the tables are nice. You won't find the rambunctious party kids here. I feel more comfortable sitting at the tables knowing that the person next to me isn't about to fall over from drunkenness. Not that there's anything wrong with that but I feel safer for my person.It's a hotel with GREAT shops. It's a hotel with terrific restaurants. It's a hotel with a nice ambience that doesn't encourage rank smells. It's a hotel with a pretty hotel. And if you want something more mass market, just scoot on over to the sister hotel The Venetian. If I need to point out anything, it's a hotel that doesn't have a poker room. But no worries, the Venetian has covered off on that. Shopping includes Van Cleef & Arpels (see my other review), Barneys New York, Christian Louboutin, some other nice nice stuff. Definitely recommended for your vacation.
4	There are some major perks to staying at this hotel. First of all it's location is great if you like to go out to clubs at night. You can easily walk to clubs like XS and TAO and newly opened club SURRENDER. Also, during the day you can head over to the pool at the venetian and lounge around tao beach with all lovely beach bunnies that are dressed more appropriate for clubbing than getting in the pool for a swim :P Another benefit is that all the rooms are suites so they're very spacious! The extra sofa/sofa bed is a great addition is definitely better than sleeping on the floor. The bathroom is roomy and has a lot of counter space next to the double sinks as well as a small vanity across from the shower to lay out your arsenal of make up (And that is important to us gals!) Also there's a flat screen TV in the bathroom which makes getting ready so much more entertaining! My only grip is that the bathtub isn't a equipted with jets that would really make the rooms perfect, b/c after a long day/night of dancing and drinking soaking your sore #11s in a hot jacuzzi tub just feels sooooo goood!  The beds are so comfy! I probably could sleep all day...Bonus: VIP lounge is open 24 hrs and they have really yummy cookies :P
2	For a 5-Star hotel they lacks standard amenities and poor service.Customer Service Nightmare:Key cards did not work and it took them at least 30 mins after we contacted security to come up and open the door. No new keycards were given to us after it was promised. In fact we had to go back the next day, line-up in the ridiculous key & mail lineup just to get new keycards. We asked for an another set of amenities and an extra blanket,  they knew there was one more person staying with us. Called when we checked-in 1PM, 8PM, 2AM they didn't show up till 2:30AM! So my friend had to sleep without a blanket, which turned out to be a fleece throw.For our inconvenience they gave us $50 reimbursement, which was not reflected on the final invoice or taken off my visa. When I further pursed this matter, they said "we have no recollection and the discount was not noted in our system" WTH?!?!Did not honour the discount they promised:We later got fed up and moved in the Venetian, although a sister hotel, this was  much better than the Palazzo, it was bigger and, the service was superb. Pools: The venetian pool was bigger but, no music. Tao Beach, this was lame. It was like 20 lawn chairs facing this dinky swimming pool with techno music in the background. They did however have their own bar. For a lounging atmosphere go to the WYNN pool, they have people coming over to mist you. Ahhh...gotta love the mist. Also it's more of a loung-ey feel with lounge house music playing in the background.Atmosphere & DecorWe went during memorial day weekend, so it was packed with party goers. It is an older hotel, so if you want something modern go I can confidently recommend the WYNN (if you like the hot people and high rollers kind of feel) Aria is not bad but, for a 5-star hotel it lacks the standard amenities, ie slippers, news paper etc.
3	The Palazzo Las Vegas Resort has the look, furnishings, and facilities of a 5-star establishment, but sorely lacks the service and fine details that normally accompany a top-notch hotel. Hotel/Facilities:The rooms are large and well designed. A slightly elevated bedroom section connects to a living room with its own 40-in TV, desk, and expansive couch. The bedroom section also has a flat panel TV. The king size bed I used was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept in. With that said, however, I hated how the night stands next to each side of the bed was basically unreachable if you were lying in bed. What is the point of having a night stand if I actually have to pull myself out of bed every single time I need to turn off the lamp, look at the clock, or put down a book?The bathroom was expectedly grand. It included a separate shower, sauna, two sinks, and a toilet. As I alluded to earlier in my review, everything in the Palazzo that is related to the room or the facilities of the hotel are great, but it is the service that I have a serious problem with. Service:First of all, our check-in process was long and delayed. At other high-end hotels on the strip, there are normally numerous front desk employees to serve you. Furthermore, even if there were large lines, there would be line ushers to guide you where to go. The Palazzo welcomed us with a very large, winding line, and it took my gf almost 25 minutes just to check in on a slow Monday (end of the memorial day weekend too!). Secondly, the amenities in the room are quite lacking. Besides the Motel-6 basics of a shampoo, soap, and conditioner, there were no q-tips, no shower cap, no cotton balls, no robes, and no slippers. I specifically requested for slippers and they did bring them to me, though I'd like the room to be stocked a little better so guests don't always have to ask for some of these mandatory bathroom items. Lastly, it was literally impossible to get a hold of a person at the front desk. I have never been on hold so long in my life at a high-end hotel. I had to call three times just to get someone to answer the phone! We requested a late-checkout but was denied with a simple "we are currently offering 12pm checkout." Aren't most hotel establishments 12pm checkouts? Then why do you make it sound like you are doing ME a favor by "offering" me a 12pm checkout? Absurd. Overall:If you desire not only the look and feel of a 5-star hotel in Las Vegas, but also the service and fine amenities that are assumed to be included in such a rating, do NOT go to the Palazzo.  By far, Encore is still my personal favorite in the luxury hotel category in this city (see my review for further details).
2	I get the same vibe from this place as I get at the Venetian.  Bunch of young douchebags and skanks.  The place is new but not classy.  I try to stay as far away from these two hotels when I'm in town.
1	For a 5-Star resort this place is a joke!I gave my 3rd and final try and even more disappointed then the first 2 stays.  The customer service is ZERO!  Everything takes forever and the place just lacks luxury. I feel like Im staying at a Holiday Inn with a fancy name and some extra furniture. Without any exaggeration I was on hold for 43 minutes before the front desk picked up. I ended up calling with my cell phone and got through right away. Shows how much they care about their guest. My room wasnt ready 2 hrs after they said it would be and when I did get to my room it was a mess and smelled like a locker room. Huge stain on the floor and couch...just felt disgusting. After the 43 minute hold time I and saying it would take 3 hours to clean the stains etc I flipped. I demanded to be moved to another room which they said they were sold out. I was just a few hours away from a meeting for work when they agreed to give me a penthouse suite.  Piano, Pool Table, 2 bath 3 tv....cool! I get to the room and its 8000 degrees in there the mini bar is half empty and there are NO TOWELS!Took 20 minutes for towels to come they fixed the AC and restocked the bar. They even took care of the room fare and gave me a $90 voucher . All this for a 1 night stay! I will NEVER stay there or Venetian again. All 3 of my stays have been within the last 6 months. Prior I would only stay at Planet Hollywood until Harrah's  bought it not that place is a dump too.
4	Minus one star because all the employees are fucking retards.
5	4.5 stars... Pleasant, pleasant, pleasant...Everytime we walked back in from the Venetian and outside it was like a gasp of fresh peaceful air. It is very tasteful and serene. I think a bit too simple for a 5 diamond rating, but still very very nice. Check in on a Friday was soo fast, professional and easy. Highly impressed. The room was probably one of the nicest I have ever stayed in. The space and decor were stunning and understated. I felt it was lacking in bathroom amenities. Parking garage was soooo easy and convenient, never experienced that before in Vegas. Casino was small, but a very nice environment, we played and were able to make some money. The layout is nice, not claustrophobic or smokey. I really enjoyed the overall restaurant selection too, good variety, nothing hideous. We practically never needed to leave. We saw David Spade in their theater, which was a great theater. All in one place- made it super relaxing. We were actually shocked to find out what a happening place it was, I thought it would be stuffier like bellagio. For the most part there were well dressed 20's and 30's partying! Super fun, young vibe, in a tasteful way. Would stay again, try Aria before that... Loved it, it just didn't have some of the gimmicky all out pizazz that I look forward to in Vegas...
5	This is where I stay everytime I'm in Vegas.  It is centrally located, the staff is very cordial, and the rooms are beautiful.Last time we were there someone from my group checked in before me, and they called me to ask if it was ok for them to check in, I stay at a lot of hotels, and most would make them wait for the person on the reservation to check-in, but they called me and let them check in before I even got there.  The service at the Palazzo is always exceptional, and their sportsbook is great.  Instead of being like all the other uptight casino sportsbooks, theirs is more of a lounge and I stay in there for hours.The other big thing about the Palazzo...it's clean.  I never feel like a million people visit the hotel every year, which is the feeling you can get with some.  tay at the Palazzo and you won't be disappointed, it's a little more expensive than some others, but well worth the extra money!
4	An extremely nice place to pass out in and be hung over the next morning. The bathroom was large but kind of sucked -- the shower leaked all over the place and the door to the "toilet room" slams shut (but has no lock).My favorite part, aside from the fact that you can comfortably sleep six people in the room, was the peacock-blue settees at the foot of the beds. Que elegante!
5	I LOVE this hotel! This is my absolute favorite hotel in all my years of going to Las Vegas for several reasons:1.  The rooms are spacious, luxurious and perfect for a romantic weekend or a group party.  Each room has a sunken living room with a TV and DVD player, a flat screen TV in front of the bed(s), another TV in the bathroom which has a separate shower and large bathtub (designed for tall people!). The bath amenities are those you'd expect in a high end spa, and there's even a digital scale.2. Parking is easy.  Self parking is actually easier than valet parking and the elevator comes right to the casino floor in between the lobby and hotel elevators.3. This casino doesn't feel like a casino.  The table games and slot machines are spread spaciously around the casino floor so it doesn't feel like they tried to pack in as many machines and people per square foot as possible.  It always feels roomy to me.4. The attached mall has nice stores whether you are seriously shopping or just want to window shop.5. Location!  The Fashion Show Mall is just caddy corner, the Wynn next door on one side and the Venetian on the other.  You are a short walk away from Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, Paris, etc.6. Concierge and all other service is phenomenal.  When we were there for Thanksgiving weekend, our concierge not only recommend restaurants to us, he actually called and got copies of their special menus and made our reservations for us.  He also put us on the guest list for a few clubs as well.  The day before we left, he checked in for our flights and printed our boarding passes for us. For the overall experience, this is the BEST hotel in Las Vegas. Period.
4	This hotel was pretty good. The main lobby was gorgeous and you don't have to walk around a maze just to get to your room like many of the other Vegas hotels (you might not think this makes that much of a difference, but when you're tired from a day/night on the strip and you want to get back to your room quickly, you really don't want to take like 3 different elevators + walk through 2 different lobbies, etc... *achem* Venetian). The rooms large suites and are a bit newer and more modern than their sister resort next door, the Venetian, but pretty much comparable. The only difference I really noticed was that the Venetian has the sunken living-room, while in the Palazzo it is not sunken. We were given a room on the 45th floor, with a room over-looking the strip. The view wasn't that great because it was partially obstructed, and we were facing the north side with Wynn & Encore, instead of the side were you get the view of the south-side of the strip where everything is. I have to downgrade it to 4 stars for two reasons. First of all, the check-in took forever. We arrived at about 2:30pm on a TUESDAY and had to stand in a line for well over 30 minutes, with people in front of us who stood there forever and didn't know what they wanted... There was a young couple standing there flipping through their book trying to decide what kind of room they wanted and they were there holding up the line since before we even got in line, and they were still there after we left... C'mon people, checking-in really shouldn't take you that long... I think they should have separate lines for people that have already pre-booked everything in advance, and one for people who haven't booked the room and need to decide what they want.Secondly, as others have said, it was impossible getting a hold of anyone at the front desk over the phone. I was on hold for over 40 minutes and I eventually gave up and just walked down to the front desk. Even when I pressed the button the phone for "priority service" they just transfer you to being on hold FOREVER. Apparently, it seems like a typical problem with them during peak hours as I have read on the other reviews here. Even when I went to the concierge, they just told me that they get really busy during the peak check-in hours and to call back later (this type of under-staffing or lack of service isn't what I typically expect of a 5 star). When I finally did get service though, the staff was friendly and helpful, but I just didn't like how I had to jump through circles to get a hold of them. All in all, it was a good experience here. Everything with the room was perfect except for those few things. However, given the "service" I experienced here, next time, if given the option, I might just pick the Venetian and the crazy long walk (seriously, are they trying to make it like the maze under the Paris Opera-house to match their Phantom of the Opera show or something??) over the Palazzo.
5	In the words of Usher, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh...Oh my gosh! This place is a beaut. My friends and I dropped of the birthday girl at the end of the night and hung out in her room before heading back to TI. The room was money. The view from it, money. The bathroom was money. Hell, I even took a damn picture of my own money on the desktop of a room that deserved to be called just that. Speaking of which, I'm sure you gotta throw down a good amount to stay here. At least I get promos from them through e-mail. Like a predator waiting to pounce on its prey, I'll just have to wait for the right time to strike...
4	Stayed here on my recent visit to Vegas and enjoyed it.  Booked into the Prestige part of the hotel where you get open bar from 5-8pm, appetizers from 5-7pm, continental breakfast from 7-10 am.  These amenities were nice.When we got to the check in desk on the 23rd floor for this special part of the hotel we were warmly greeted and promptly given our room.  We went up to our room and something was not quite right.  Looked in the bathroom, no tub, no door to the toilet area, weird kind of high and open sinks.  Right, we got a handicapped room.  Not tub for the wife was a show stopper.  Went back to the high end check in area with an obvious look of displeasure and told them that they should inform guests of putting them into this type of room if they are not disabled.Anyway I maintained calmness and asked for another room.  None of my upgraded type available.  No big deal upgrade me some more, they did and got a Sienna suite.  Very nice.Only problem here is the level of amenities in the bathroom.  No q-tips, no cotton balls, no whatever, basically soap and shampoo.  You would think the large suite would be fully stocked.Had a great time in a cabana at Azure on Saturday.  Great food and drinks with prompt service and attention.Overall I was happy here although I will most likely go back to the Sky Suites at the Aria for my next visit.
5	From initial check-in to checkout, my stay was amazing! This hotel/casino is one of the best resorts I have stayed at in Vegas! Huge suite (3 LCD TV's, L shaped couch, Roman curtains/blind and a huge bathroom), with a fantastic view from the room of the Wynn resort (right next door).The Palazzo pools were outstanding and had great staff to assist, giving guests access to pools at the Venetian (sister) resort as well.  The slots could have been looser and it was tough to get a drink at night while playing (but to be fair, the gaming floor was PACKED!! (and they say there is a recession going on!!??)).All in all, I give the Palasso 5 stars and am so looking forward to my next visit (just hope the suite is comped again!!!).
4	I enjoyed my stay at this place.  The hotel suite is big and had a seating area complete with L shaped sofa, tvs (in the sitting area, bedroom area, and even in the bathroom).  It also has dining table and a desk complete with fax and internet connection (though not free).  The bathroom is huge and I love the french style door (2 door) and layout.  The only thing I didn't like is that the door does not lock so if you take a shower in the glass shower area, your privacy is really non-existent.  Lastly, the door of the suites slams deafeningly loud that you could even hear it 3 rooms away from you.  The beds and pillows are comfy.  I definitely would come back again in either the Palazzo or Venetian hotel / resort (Venetian has also exactly the same room layout).  Pools, shopping, dining are plentiful.
5	I love The Palazzo!! ALL the rooms are suites! How awesome is that?!I stayed here for a couple nights with a big group of friends. We had two connecting suites which made it super convenient. The rooms were huge! I loved the sunken living room with its comfy couches. And there's TVs in every room!The bathroom was pretty spacious with a tub, glass shower, two sinks, and a little vanity area perfect for getting ready! There was even a flat screen TV in there! I also liked how the toilet was in a separate small room on its own so even if you're using it, other people can still use the rest of the bathroom to get ready. Very convenient. The 2nd floor has all the shopping and restaurants. It's also connected to the Venetian which is nice and convenient.They have one of the best spas and fitness centers in Vegas with even a rock climbing gym. It's pretty expensive though and I would say it's not worth it unless you're a work-out machine who HAS to work out even on vacay. All in all, the Palazzo is amazing! Modern, clean, spacious, luxurious. I would definitely stay here again! It's especially perfect for groups! It's also an ideal location since it's located near the middle of the strip. :)
3	Nice hotel. Beautiful rooms. Staff could use an improvement. Both times we needed a cab the people in charge of the line were very rude. Housekeeping was also in need of improvement.
4	Came here for a bachelor party, originally we were suppose to stay at the venetian, since our room wasn't ready they moved us to the palazzo. We rolled into vegas 5 deep, and the hotel room accomadated all of us very well, with 2 queen size bed, and L-shape sofa, then has a full size pull out bed. Love the fact that it had 3 LCD tv, one for the 2 queen beds, 1 for the L-shape, and 1 for the bathroom. Very spacious and luxurious, didnt' hurt that we got the view of the pool and the strip.the ac at the palazzo is by far the best even compared to the sister company "venetian" if you go to the casino floor at any hotel, venetian, wynn, etc. you still feel that heavy smoke smell...dont know the palazzo is only a couple of years old or whatever, but you dont get that smell or smoke feeling...-1 star b/c i checked out of the hotel, not reading my complimentary breakfast voucher....tried to go and get our complimentary breakfast..we still ended up paying for it b/c they charge it to your room..and when you check out...they give you a credit..BOOOOO....
4	I stayed here during my most recent Vegas trip, and the overall experience was pretty good. The suites are almost identical to the suites in the Venetian. The beds are fluffy, and the bathrooms are huge (complete with built-in TV screen in the bathroom mirror). Minus one star for: our request for a second extra comforter getting denied (since we "already have one extra") and for hotel staff not being helpful at all when I got locked out of my room. Overall, I'd rank Palazzo at 3rd place (behind Encore and Bellagio) in terms of my favorite Vegas hotels.
4	It's pretty, service was awesome, but there were some issues with my room.Service was great from when I got there to when I left. The staff at the check-in counter were super friendly and polite. They asked where I wanted my room to be. I asked for a room with a view. Got it. Awesome.As for my room, it was clean when I got there. However, some of the electronics in the room didn't work. The TV in front of my bed didn't turn on (yes, I tried the 2 different remotes with it--nothing). The scale in the  bathroom didn't work. The remote for the shades didn't work either. I was going to be there for 2 nights and it wasn't worth making a fuss over it so I let it go. I had the most basic room and it was very roomy. Huge bed, gorgeous bathroom, and a sunken living room area. I felt super comfortable.The rest of the hotel is beautiful. Huge casino, the shops were very high-end. The pool was ok. The service there was great though. I went to the towel stand and requested a chair with shade. The girl that found a chair for me found the perfect chair that never got any sun and laid out towel for me. She was super nice too. I don't know if I would come here again but it's definitely a good place to stay in Vegas.
4	I love the ambiance of the room - luxury! My lovely bf spent about $450 per night during one busy holiday weekend. We stayed for 4 days 3 nights. I think it's worth every penny or maybe i am just too spoiled that i cant handle anything lower than $200 per night ? I dont know. All i know i love every single thing about the hotel, the room and the casino. I, however cant stand when there are too many people staying in one small room. It should be only 2!! or 3!  Come on, if u cant afford it go somewhere else! IOne night i saw some security guards checked on these girls who were trying to go up to the rooms and they had no key with them - so basically they were asked to leave or something because they were staying "illegally" in this one small room (8 of them!!) LOL. It's kinda funny to see that one girl was trying to explain that she paid for the room and invited these others girl to join her but did not work i guess? She should have informed the hotel upfront. Unfortunately because of this incident, my bf and I got the same treatment. The guard stopped us from getting into the elevator and we were asked for the key. I was not in my best mood at that time, so I immediately took off my Prada sunglasses and said to the guard, "do i look like someone who cant afford this place? U'd better check on the others, room to room, coz there are too many people staying in one room and its freakin annoying and this will only bring down the quality of the hotel if u guys dont take care of it". I showed the room key to the guard including the print out of the reservation and my ID (because i was seriously furious and mad) and he said sorry. Geez!Well seriously, everything is nice and great about this hotel, except one thing - too many people stay in one tiny room and make loud noise!! Management should really put a stop to this. (please check how Europeans/Asians handle their 5 stars hotel business -a key scanning in order to get into the elevator and a key scanning in order to enter the floor number) . It's soooo annoying to see these stupid girls running around the place with their fake Louis Vuitton bags and Forever 21 dresses when they are clearly staying with 10 other girls in one tiny room! Geez, if u cant afford it, go to Circus Circus or Hurrah or something.
4	The resort fee.  It seems that it is much maligned.  I stayed here apparently not too long after it took effect for Venetian/Palazzo.   A lot of people hate it, but I think it is a pretty good deal.   Normally, these places charge you about $20/day for Internet access (wi-fi or wired) that many people don't really need on vacation (now that we are in the smart phone era, 3G phone internet can be used to look stuff up quickly and conveniently) and $20/day for access to a mediocre gym (hotel gyms are pretty much always weak, especially if you're a serious fitness person).   However, if given the option to pay for the not-really-need Internet and the mediocre gym all for $20 for 24 hours, yeah, I will say that yeah that's probably a fair price that I will pay.   (These resort fees are not comped if your room is comped normally, as is normally the case with any extras.)  One other nice touch is the fact that the resort fee includes a complimentary newspaper from any of the gift shops on the property -  you can choose from local newspapers (LA Times, Vegas papers  or national papers such as USA Today or Wall Street Journal -  I picked up a copy of the WSJ one day, since that is the one that is not freely available on-line)As for the resort itself, the rooms are nice and up-to-date, since the resort is pretty new, with remote-controlled window coverings and prompt thorough housekeeping.   The overall architecture and interior style of the rooms and overall casino/resort is very similar to the connected sister property Venetian, but with noticeable improvements such as the aforementioned remote controlled window coverings and a better casino floor layout which has more space between the games and doesn't feel as cramped and disorganized as the Venetian's casino floor.  Another good thing about this place is the Walgreen's (24 hours of course) attached to the building at the ground level accessible from The Strip sidewalk at the south corner of the property going towards the Venetian (not accessible from the resort itself) -  a 1000X better alternative to the hotel gift shops.
4	I can't believe how great this place was (!!!!)... most certainly a pleasant surprise.  The only reason i didn't flat-out give it a 5 was due to the horrifically long line upon arrival, even though my honey had arranged for premier check-in.  But whatever, because 20-30 minutes later we were on our way to our sweet little suite, and we LLL LOVED it.Super clean and very well laid out, the room really was quite lovely: i think it was the whimsical elegance of the furnishings and the layout itself that did it. There was a comfy yet refined, eclectic mix that really worked -- heyday vegas elegance with a modern Jetsons twist that -- with the infusion of selected fabrics/pieces that were so well chosen and splashed -- made me feel as if i were in my own groovy pied-a-terre in Manhattan (sunken living room and all)!!!!YAY: there's nothing like casual elegance to make you feel relaxed and comfortable, especially if you happen to be in a zoo of sorts.  I'm not really into the whole Disneyland vibe of Vegas (the food and spas and the Barney's that stays open til midnight are juuuust fine though!).......so having such a comfy, quiet, lovely room as a base-camp made our whole stay very, VERY nice.
5	Thank you Palazzo. You were such a amazing place to stay.  Your rooms were outstanding, and by far the nicest I have ever been in. Your service was awesome. Your food was great. We will be back - it was wonderful!
5	I LOVE the palazzo! its my hotel of choice, second to the venetian.  the rooms here are slightly bigger than the venetian and with the sucken living room and the roll out sofa bed, this room can easily fit 6 people (and have enough room for everyone to sleep).  The casino is a bit smaller than normal but the venetian is really only a short walk away..you dont even have to go outside to get there!  the onluy thing that sucks is that you have to be a big time baller to get room comps here...a put boss told me that you have to gamble 500 dollar hands for an average of 6 hours to get a room comp. BOO!
5	The Palazzo is a fantastic hotel. Before I rave about its flawlessness, just one word of caution: the parking lot is pretty vast, and you can get lost.Now, where to begin? The location, to start off, of the Palazzo is an ideal spot. Across, there is Treasure Island and its revered pirate show. Two minutes of walking will get you to Wynn, which has a nice buffet (see my review on it). The second floor is a long corridor of shops; most are at exorbitant prices... but definitely worth eye-shopping. You can also take a luxurious gondola ride.The interior. Breathtaking! A lovely Italian design with impressive decor. Very fancy; apropos for its five-star rating. Although I did not personally play in the casino, it seems to be very intimate and more... classy, you know?We checked in at 5:30PM; unfortunately, the room we reserved was all out. The registar happily upgraded us to a hospitality suite. Mind you, I was quite pissed after realizing it was on sixth floor (compared to the 50, the highest story). My grumpiness vanished when I saw the two-door entrance to my suite, compared to other one-door's. I went in with excitement; my anticipations were met! This room was at least 1 1/2 times bigger than the "normal rooms," well over the 720 square feet we were promised. Two bathrooms; one is like a hallway, with a personal TV across from the tub, and marbled shower. There was a separate living room and a master bedroom; plasma TV's on both. Amazing, amazing, amazing. And the furnitures were beautiful!All this for $158 (with resort fee)? Hell yes!Clean, luxurious, and ample. Love you, Palazzo! Will come back again!
4	Definitely my favorite place to stay in Vegas.  The rooms are crazy spacious .... and when you go with 4 girls, you need all the extra room space you can get!  The pool rocked - it's an absolute must to go early to save your lounge chairs and grab a few in the water.  I thought "saving" would be frowned upon, but I talked to a lifeguard and he said that they do allow it, but if it's gets really crowded and lounge chairs are limited, they only let a space stay vacant for 30 minutes before they put it up for grabs.  Drinks can be slow going if you use a server so just mosey on up to the bar yourself for faster service.  The iced towels and orange slices were a nice touch.   Food can be purchased at the Canyon Ranch Grill or at Solaro.  The turkey sandwich on pretzel bread rocked.  Great hotel, great pool, great weather plus great company all equals a great weekend at The Palazzo!
3	hmm...is it ok to give 3 stars for a hotel i didnt stay at?  OF COURSE!  so weird, the floor plan of the suite one o my bests reserved is the same as the harrahs in tahoe-just better furniture.  but it must be all vegas hotels (its been a minute since id been) that have the locked & auto charge items.  this hotel is completely confusing after a second minute, but im sure thats the game plan of all vegas-to wander thru the casinos and hopefully drop a $15 minimum for craps/poker wtfever table.
1	We found someone's dirty underwear in our room!Customer service also failed! They told us that they would bring up the keys to our new room...We waited an hour and nothing, went down and got the keys ourselves.Missed our dinner reservations due to them saying someone was on their way up to the front desk and we didn't have to go down.
4	It's a beautiful hotel. It does not disappoint in terms of opulence.My friend was given a comped room so I can't comment on price. However, I can comment on the room. The room had a king sized as well as a "living room" area. The bed was comfy and slept 4 people, while 2 slept on the pull-out  bed, 1 on the sofa, 1 on the chaise and 1 on the floor. The room was very beautiful with 3 flatscreen TVs (1 in the living room, 1 in the bedroom and 1 in the bathroom). The bathroom was large and well-lit.  I wished the room stored extra pillows and blankets in the closet. By the time we realized that the room didn't have them, people were too tired to call housekeeping so some people slept without a blanket.Later the next day, we called for extra towels and blankets. We were told that we could only be given 6 towels at a time so we had to call twice...more work for housekeeping.Ohhh...I also don't like that master-switch!Overall, it was a great place!
4	Four Stars because It is beautiful and that we love the pool. I would only put ONE star to housekeeping as our suite was full of dust and I am not even talking about under the bed table (Ugghhh). I had to call everyday to make sure it was clean. ONE star to valet parking as you have to wait for your car for 15 minutes. ONE star to front desk particularly one guy there. Back to my four star. Pool with its long chairs was fabulous and tere are always tons of space to lounge. Dont arrive to late though. he lifeguards bring you cucumber of orange deppending on the day. I do prefer Venetian as you can access the same pooil area, but you get a great service and te rooms were always clean.
5	i really really like the palazzo! i was really lucky that for my first vegas experience, i got to stay at the palazzo for free! and ever since then, i've only stayed at the palazzo (we always get the rooms comped!) you can easily have around 6 people stay in a room! all the rooms are suites and come with two beds. and then they have a little lower area that has a pull out bed! so the rooms are really big!the bathroom is really big too...it's really spacious and has a bathtub and shower and a toilet and a vanity mirror. the only thing is that all the showers are clear...so if you're sharing a room with someone you're not comfortable with...only one person can use the bathroom at a time. i really like the palazzo. the rooms are nice and the staff is really good. last time, one of our friends had a problem checking in to a room (eventually he got in, but i guess there was a slight mix up). the staff apologized, the operations manager called him and emailed him to apologize again and sent him a gift certificate to eat at the palazzo for the next visit, and even told him to make sure to reserve rooms with her personally. so the next time we went to the palazzo, the manager personally took the room reservations and made sure the front desk knew to be extra nice. and they even put a gift basket in his room for extra measure! talk about service!
4	Very nice hotel all around. Great views, great pool, nice restaurants, very nice casino (only a few others were as nice as this one, the rest were dumpy). Only thing I wish they'd do away with in Vegas is the smoking indoors. Everything everywhere stinks. Our room was non-smoking though. But the rest of the hotel (as is with all of them) reeked.
5	We had the pleasure of spending June 16 and 17 at the Palazzo.   For several years they have sent us invitations to come and spend several free nights.  Knowing we were not big gamblers, we never responded.   Because our vacation plans to Sedona fell through this summer, due to health, we decided to make reservations with the Palazzo.   What an enjoyable three days we had.  Everyone treated us with high regard.  The upgrade to a two-level suite was remarkable and the Beach Boys concert was a real serendipity.   I admit we ate at the Grand Lux more often than we should have, but we never repeated an order and loved every offering.  The service was impeccable. Every staff person was well trained and extremely helpful.  The young woman at the registration desk was gracious to a fault, taking multiple questions and responding with excellent information.  The gentlemen who brought dinner to our room one evening made us feel like he was a personal assistant rather than simply a deliverer of food.  Security, not only gave us a sense of well-being and safety, but was knowledgeable about so many queries.  Casino and bar personal all treated us like they were glad we were there. Ours was a wonderful experience with the Palazzo.  We hope to return again.
1	currently staying here and this hotel sucks. customer sercies is horrible. we checked into our hotel room at 2pm with one of the beds slept in and ashes on the coffe table.  now its 1 am and after 3 calls and promises to send room service to clean the room they are still not here.  don't stay here.
5	Just got back from my 5 day rampage in Las Vegas and since my boy practically lives there, we got comped a room at the Palazzo.  The hotel itself is beautiful.  The rooms are all suites and is somewhat similar to the Encore except the Palazzo has 2 flatscreens instead of 1 that swivels.  (Encore)  We got a room with 2 queen beds, a nice L shaped couch and a bathroom with 2 sinks.  The view that we got was of the Wynn hotel and golf course.  What I like about this place is that it is clean, modern, the rooms are big, and you're right on the strip.  I also like the fact that you can actually find your way around to the exits and not get lost like other hotels.  I cant really comment on service or anything because if we weren't making donations on the craps table, we were donating at another casino's craps tables.  If you're heading to Vegas and can afford this place I would definitely recommend staying here.
4	Had a nice view of Treasure Island from our room.The roll out couch is ridiculously uncomfortable, even for one person (though we ended up having two people sleep on it).Restroom was a little too dim, kind of made it hard to get ready. No ventilation going through the restroom... and the layout made us get a lot longer to get ready (i.e. person showering would take over the restroom while person A needs to brush their teeth and person B needs to put on makeup, etc.)Safe available in the room to put your belongings in, nice little perk I haven't seen at other casinos before.Room service was pretty attentive, got extra towels and blankets relatively fast. Gal cleaned the room real good after someone had destroyed it the night before.Morning of checkout, it took a good 20 minutes to get someone on the phone to help us out. They charged us $5 or so for water that we did not drink, but they gladly took those charges away. Liked the location of this hotel because we spent most of our nights over at Wynn/Encore.
1	We spent Saturday and Sunday night at this 5-star, $400+ per night establishment. We've heard nothing but rave reviews about it. However, our experience wasn't stellar. We had a "Bella Suite" which was nice, but we've had just as nice at other hotel suites. Our FIRST problem was the shower not draining. The showers are stand-in showers, which means the barrier between the shower and the rest of the bathroom is about 1/4 an inch. So, shower drain clogged=entire bathroom floor flooding!! We called 4 times over the span of 3 hours requesting someone to take care of this problem and every time we called (before the final fourth time), the operator said "We have no record of this request". UGH! ANNOYING! Stop lying about saying you'll send someone "right away"!! The DVD player didn't work in the room either and it had to be replaced. When we checked out, we explained our situation and all we kept getting was "We'll investigate this. Please understand we have so many guests..." For a 5-star hotel that's this expensive, YOU NEED BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE. Taking my business over to ANOTHER HOTEL! Booooo....Oh, and P.S. One of their selling points is the pull-out bed from the L-shaped sofa. It's the size of a TWIN, not a full and certainly not a queen size.
4	I love the rooms and the pools, the guy that brought our bags was super nice and helpful....BUT minus one star for the uberRUDE front desk lady when I called to try to get an Ipod hookup for the radio... And she rudely informed me they were phasing them out and couldn't help me at all.. And hung up on me... That was the first... She was also quite rude when we requested extra towels and others...I wish I would've caught her name. Other then that this place is great, but the rude front desk almost makes me want to stay somewhere else where guests are treated a little nicer...we are paying for our rooms after all...
4	The room was large and really nice. Good view, nice decor, nice bathroom. The shampoo and lotion smells soo good.
5	My previous review was from last year when I visited my degenerate gambling friends in the Palazzo suite they had comped. This year, they got another one for themselves, and one for me and my bf!! Lol! The suite was amazing once again. HUGE!! Gorgeous bathroom with dual sinks, BIG roman soaking tub, vanity and a lil seat to put my makeup on at, huge king size bed, Then there is the sunken living room, leading to a table, a desk and an awesome view of the pools and TI, Wynn, etc. Palazzo is huge and you have to leave Palazzo and walk through Venetian to get pretty much anywhere. We dont gamble at all, so for us each morning we were up and out, or up and at the pool. There are many designer, 5th avenue type shops in the Palazzo mall that I didnt go in, (Christian Louboutin, Louis Vuitton, etc), but the decor is gorgeous throughout. There are many street performers, artists, and gelato in the town square between the Palazzo and Venetian. Always alot to see. There is also a cheap eats section of Venetian with a Panda Express, pizza place, mexican place, Johnny Rockets etc. Very convenient, as they are open till 1am. Would stay there again, def if it was free. Its often way too $$$ since it is a luxury hotel.
5	Wow! Wow!This place is amazing.As you drive up, Valet. Get out of the car and know that you have arrived! As you walk in, breathe deep. Smell it? Wonderful.Check in was quick and they were courteous. Oh how I would love to upgrade but not for now.Then on to your room....This place is Luxury! The rooms are beautiful. Flat screens and a living room in the room.The casino is not huge comparied to others, but they do have video roulette. Just the machine, not the machine/dealer like they have in Paris.  This is an excellent place to stay if you want to hang out in your room or lounge by the pool. Best Hotel I've stayed in Vegas so far.
5	Gorgeous hotel! The suite was devastating. It featured a very comfortable pillow top bed, three flat screen hd tv's, big roman tub and a sunken living room complete with remote controlled window shades. It also featured a sectional couch and desk complete with a fax/copier/printer. The hotel features a very pricey mall with swanky stores but we weren't there for that kinda thing. The Palazzo is the luxury part of the Venetian so you can walk to the Venetian through the Palazzo and take advantage of all that the Venetian has to offer. There are great restaurants throughout as well as a very fun town square area complete with Italian style street performers and gelato. The Venetian side also has a lot of reasonably priced eats at their food court (Panda Express, Johnny Rockets, pizza, etc). They also feautre indoor and outdoor gondola rides. All in all I was very impressed.
5	The best hotel in Vegas.. Great feeling once you enter
5	The Palazzo is the best hotel in Vegas. Really, now that I've stayed here, I refuse to stay anywhere else. The casino itself is good because of its awesome ventilation. The smell of smoke is minimal, and you don't feel like you're going to die from secondhand smoke.  The pool is great because of the in-pool lounge chairs, but they fill up quickly so you better throw some elbows to get in on that. Even in 107F hot Vegas sun, when you're sitting in the pool with a drink in hand, it all gets better. The suites are gorgeous. Flat screens in every room, remote controlled curtains, the ability to make the room super dark so there's no reason to wake up earlier than you have to, and a nice living room area. I love love love the bathrooms and how big they are, and the vanity area so that I can get ready in peace. They even have a mirror with the different lighting settings (Office, Home, Indoor, Night, etc.) so you can do your makeup right. And the rooms are clean! I feel like I can walk around barefoot in the room without catching something. For the first time, I actually didn't mind going back to my room. In fact, I looked forward to it! And the bed is super comfy, but minus the pillows. The pillows are way too high, but the mattress is perfect. I would recommend staying here or the Venetian over any of the other hotels. The Wynn/Encore hotels are nice too, but The Palazzo is definitely the best.
5	I LOVE THIS HOTEL. ok. this is another late review. i took the boyfriend to las vegas last year for his birthday. it was his first time! ( what?!!!) i went on vegas.com to find a hotel that was nice and that had a good price going on. i found the palazzo hotel and casino and it was awesome, and ive stayed alot of places in vegas. its an all suite beautiful hotel that for once in vegas isnt built like a maze. the casino is very wide and you can tell how to get out. there is no yucky smokers smell in the carpet and everything is new. we stayed there 4 days and i only paid $600! the room was gorgeous. marble bathroom, sunken living room, plasma flat screens, and a wonderful view of the pool. the service was fantastic and they had alot of free movies as well as pay per view. they have around 4 large pools with several jacuzzis, so it felt very intimate. we even got one to ourselves!! the bed was king size and soooo comfortable, i almost didnt want to get out. the palazzo is semi attached to the venitian on the outside and links to the venetian on the inside through the indoor shopping area. its also right next door to the wynn and across the street from the mall. i love this place sooooo much. the decor is classy and they have a huge atrium that changes with the seasons. i will stay here again and again. you should too.
5	besides my awesome stay at the wynn where i was spoiled rotten..the palazzo is by far my FAVORITE hotel in all of vegas. even better than the venetian because the rooms are closer to the casino and to the strip...meaning less walking. ive stayed here about 4 times and loved it every single time.for the money you pay, you wont get a bigger room anywhere else.. its not even a room. its a suite! thats really the best part about this hotel.. all of the rooms are suites.. meaning you get your 2 double beds.. or 1 king bed. a sunken living room, a pullout couch, and tv's everywhere!this is the BEST and only place i would recommend to people if you have over 5 people in your group because one suite here can really accommodate a bigger sized party..with 2 queen beds, a pullout, and a sofa.. you could comfortably fit 7-8 people no problem... and its a great location if you party at either tao, xs, or any of the clubs on far end of the strip.
5	My company put me up in one of the Palazzo suites so to all readers bare this in mind.  I was there for two weeks.  It had just opened when I was staying there.  Walking in, it was nice, but did not seem any different than the other casinos on the strip.  Then I got to my room.  The room was awesome.  The decor was top notch.  I had a King sized bed that was very soft and comfortable.  I had a living room area with a couch and lounger and the bathroom is marble with a clear glass shower.  There were three TV's in the room including one in the bathroom.  The room was the best I've ever stayed in.  The other nice thing about the Palazza is that it is affiliated with the Venetian, so there are lots of restaurants, nightlife and the Shoppes at the Venetian, which is some of the best shopping on the strip.  Lagasse's Stadium is a pretty awesome sports bar on the lower level that I spent some time at as well.  One annoying thing though, Jersey Boys is showing at the Venetian, so be prepared to listen to Franki Valli in the elevator all day long and try not to blow your brains out.  Mama called it music, I just call it crap.  :-)
5	First, I would like to start off by saying that if I could live here, I would. Everything about The Palazzo appeals to my every sense of enjoyment ... the cleanliness, courteousness of the staff, efficiency ... you name it, they excel at it!Checking in at The Palazzo was probably the most enjoyable, hassle-free experience of my life. We walked in at 12 PM and were able to check in immediately despite being told we couldn't before 3 PM. There's service for you. We were automatically upgraded to a suite with a view via the $20 slip trick. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, it works. Drop a $20 in between your credit card and ID, spin a good story, and you're on your way up to great, complementary things.It was a quick walk between the parking elevator, check in desk, and room elevator totally eliminating the need for valet -- for me anyway. I found that driving is completely necessary when staying at The Palazzo if you plan on hitting up anything on the strip save The Venetian or Wynn. Those two hotels are about the only two places worth visiting within walking distance so I wouldn't plan otherwise. If you're staying at The Palazzo, be prepared for cab fares or driving.Also be prepared to head down to the elevators to let your friends in if they're staying at a different hotel and plan to pre-game or get dressed in your room. Some of the security guys are pretty lax about the room key flash, but others start getting pretty stubborn if your friends aren't slick. The upside (and the real reason I chose to stay at The Palazzo) is that it's sinfully close to TAO and LAVO. Close enough to stumble back to your room before you get completely trashed by the last shot you took before you left. Plus? Big plus. I'd say the same thing for Tryst and XS but my motor skills were still intact while I walked back to my room from the Wynn area. I can't say that it was an enjoyable or unpleasant walk, but a cab isn't a bad idea if you want to save your feet for the next venue.The rooms at the Palazzo are just exceptional. It has an impressively large bathroom with his and her sinks, a full-length mirror, a separate vanity area with a make-up mirror, toilet room, television, and both a shower and bath tub. Awesome. The bed is amazingly comfortable albeit slightly short with a television mounted right in front. Automatic curtains, spacious living room area, office area, complementary wi-fi -- I really don't have a damned thing to complain about in terms of the room.What did drive me nuts was trying to find the ice room. I walked all over the place looking for a sensibly marked ice area only to discover that you literally have to look at all the room door numbers till you find one that says "ice" ... petty, yet the amount of unnecessary walking I did makes me feel like its worth mentioning. ;x!The parking structure was probably my biggest complaint. It was a constant and serious pain in my ass the entire time. We finally discovered that it was just easier to make our way down to the P4 level and park near the elevator. I, for one, am not down with treks to the elevator doors in 107 degree weather. The only problem is that getting to P4 requires you to follow the tiniest arrows on the parking columns. Some signs would have been such a great savior to all the hair I must have lost. Regardless, I never had trouble finding prime parking once I found P4 and I was there during a fight weekend!PS: Stealing a robe costs you $65 dollars. PPS: Sometimes housekeeping forgets to replace your robe.PPPS: Cover yourself.
5	I stayed here with my family for a friends birthday and was really impressed with everything. Our room (a Bella suite) had a pretty unique lay-out. There is a step down to a living room styled section along with the upper floor being the bedroom and bathroom. The only con to the room layout was the velvet couches and chairs that over the years have become mangy. God only knowns how many people have stayed in our room so the fragile velvet had patches missing. Another guest had ruined the large marble table completely taking the finish off, however I don't hold the hotel accountable. Room service stunk and you are expected to wait up to an hour for service?! The birthday boy however was given the presidential suite which it's fair to say that he had the very best of everything. He had the top floor with a nice view and the room had a pretty cool layout. From his room we could watch the Treasure Island pirate show and see the sunset.Since we were with family, my sister-in-law had brought her young children (3 and 6) along. Although we rented a cabana at the secluded private pool other guests were infuriated by their presence. Keep in mind there are 3 other pools and the location and we chose the smaller pool so that the children could be away from the raunchy main pool. The four or five other adults (who mind you did not have a cabana) were furious with us. Seriously? I'll admit the two were excited to be at the pool and at times were laughing and giggling but they never jumped into the pool and never splashed. All the same, a lot but people actually got up and left scowling and complaining the whole way. But once again the hotel is not to blame. The lobby and casino was a little flashy, this crowd has got money. Beautiful girls are everywhere (don't get too excited, most of them are underage). By sunset, if you are not wearing the six inch heels and little dress than you are given evil glances by the younger gamblers. Since this is my style I didn't mind, but other members of my group were really uncomfortable by it. Overall I liked the feel to the Palazzo it may be flashy but what else do you want from a Las Vegas strip casino? Just beware of the Phantom of the Opera & Jersey Boys soundtrack that is played over and over again, I truly pity the staff.
5	My suite was beautiful. I wish there were a lil more closet space for my luggage, but everything was beautiful.  My room was refreshed in a timely manner. It was easy to get to the strip from the hotel. The elevators were all in working order and weren't packed with people. The desk associates were friendly and a tad chatty. They took the time to build rapport with me. I love the perks received for getting a Grazie card. I loved the coupons we received upon check in. Everything was awesome and went as planned. No complaints at all!!
5	If I could live here I would. I loved the remote controlled window shade...and everything else. True Vegas style.Just don't touch the candy or they'll charge you for it. It goes by weight and if you pick up the candy they assume you ate it!
5	As a Palazzo Virgin, I must say that I am truly impressed. Let's just begin with the location-Palazzo is connected to the Venetian and is walking distance from Encore/Wynn and there's a Walgreens right on the corner to stock up on snacks/essentials. The suite was flawless- comfortable beds, comfortable couch, and a gorgeous bathtub...so if you pass out anywhere in the suite-you're covered :). The bathroom was huge-it featured a glass enclosed shower (perfect for...you know...shaving your legs....lol), seperate bathtub, vanity with 2 mirrors, double sink, LCD TV, and a seperate room for the toilet. Perfect perfect perfect sized bathroom to share with 2 other females. Now for the Cons...yes there are some. It took forever to get from the room to the lobby...and you had to walked through a smoke filled casino while all the old pervs stare at you in your short dress coming from the Wynn (eh...sorry had a flashback). Also, the valet parking attendents were slow! Each time we went down to get the car..it took them at least 15 minutes to retrieve it....I give the hotel 5 stars because of the location, the size of the room, the friendliness of the staff and of course....because of the tv in the bathroom. I wouldnt mind living here....:)
5	My very first visit to Vegas began with a stay at the amazing Palazzo. The hotel is HUGE, beautiful and breath-taking with everything about it screaming Italy...in a good way. The lobby's ceiling reaches for miles with Italian murals on them. The staff was courteous.My suite was bigger than my first apartment (not kidding) with a fantastic view of Treasure Island and the Strip. The room was fully equipped with  everything a VIP needs: a King size bed, a living room with an L-shaped couch, and count them...THREE flat screen TVs. Because what girl doesn't need a TV to watch while soaking in the luxurious over-sized tub? I know I do! ;)Oh and one more thing...the curtains and roman shade had a remote control. Yes, I was a Rockstar while I stayed at this gorgeous hotel. If they offered me a chance to live here, I would leave Texas and never come back.
5	The Palazzo/Venetian has to be one of my favorite places to stay at when I'm in Vegas. It's one of the "cheaper" higher end hotels in Vegas. The rooms are spacious, clean and extremely comfy. The beds are heavenly and the bathrooms are beautiful.5 stars!
5	I absolutely love this hotel!  It definitely set my bar for what a hotel should be like, anything less makes me think it should be called a motel.  Lol!  Ok sounds bourgeois but seriously!  a living room, 3 flat screens throughout the suite, bathtub and shower, vanity area, separated toilet! soo gooood!
3	Hawt damn that's a big room I got!I'm not a gambler or a big shopper, so when I go to Vegas these days it is mostly for work.  I've stayed at the Ritz Carlton, the MGM, New York, NY, and the Homewood Suites near the airport.  The worst thing about staying in Vegas for me is how much they nickle and dime you for everything.  Want coffee in your room when you wake up and your hair is pointing in every direction it can possibly go?  Too bad, you'll have to get out of bed, make yourself presentable, get in the elevator and face the world to pay nearly 3 dollars and change for a basic cup of joe.  I'd rather have an in room coffee maker that I have to drop money in to instead.  There is no denying the beauty and comfort of the rooms at The Palazzo and I would happily stay at this hotel again because of it.  I didn't really have much interaction with any of the employees other than when I checked in and checked out, but both experiences were pleasant.  Situated on the far end of The Strip (near the Wynn hotel), it's about a 15 minute walk to the Bellagio if you want to eat at their buffet (hint: it is one of the best buffets in town).Besides taking a taxi, the other way to get to the hotel is a 6.00 shuttle you can take just outside of door #8 in baggage claim at the airport.  There is a shuttle called Exec. Shuttle Service and they leave once per hour.  It will stop at The Venetian first, then stop at The Palazzo.  There are two other shuttles that can take you to the hotel (Bell Trans & Coach USA), but bear in mind those two will stop at other hotels along the way.  You can purchase a one way token (poker chip, cute) for Exec. Shuttle for 6.00 or purchase a r/t token for 12.00.  Be aware that the shuttle back to the airport -will- be making other stops and it could take as much as 30 minutes to get back to the airport.  That surprised me given the drive to the hotel from the airport was non stop.  Oh well.
5	The best hotel I've ever stayed in.  I love the fact that since they have so many rooms you can actually look out for specials and stay there for a very reasonable price!All suites means that even if you're staying in the worst room in the place it's still huge and luxurious.Stay at the Palazzo...you won't regret it!
5	Still one of my favorite resorts on the LV Strip, it strikes that near perfect balance of location, luxury, floor layout, price, nightlife and restaurants.  While still not topping my #1 ranked place (The Wynn) the Palazzo still ranks high for being a bit more accessible pricewise, and the fact they sent me multiple comps in the past, always enough to make me a fan.As part of the Venezia group, the Palazzo is neighbors and connected to the famous Venetian hotel and while the main structure of the resort is a near clone of the Venetian's main tower, it just makes a lot more sense to me.  While the Venetian is an enormous sprawling mess created out of a hodgepodge of mismatching buildings, making it a near Indiana Jones-like adventure to locate anything, the Palazzo sticks with a clean, orderly, symmetric floor layout that's consistent from the Lobby, upwards.  This means I don't get hopeless lost when finding a place or my room for that matter, compared to its sister resort.Room layouts are similar to the venetian with the recessed 'living room' area floor and all rooms are suite style, complete with TWO plasma flatscreen TVs so you and your hotel mates can play dueling tv programs if you choose.  Fixtures, bedding and all aspects of the room are first class and up to date, unlike some of the more outdated accoutrements of the Venetian.The pool area is also great, affording a view out on the strip as well as being dominated by the beautiful elegant structure of the hotel itself.  The positioning of the pool means mornings will be shaded until the sun breaks over the top of the hotel, then its blazing sun from then on until sundown, so plan accordingly.Restaurants are highlighted by Lavo, Wolfgang Puck's Cut, the new Mario Batali restaurant amongst others and you can easily walk to the Venetian shops to check out their shopping and restaurants as well.  Walkways provide easy access to the Wynn and Encore as well as the Fashion Island shopping mall if that's your thing.  Casino floor layout is reasonable as well and very centralized, so the entire casino is in view rather than being a confusing labyrinth, like Caesar's for example.  BJ tables are plenty and reasonably priced altho minimum bets do go up as the night and weekends move in.Definitely one of my 'go to' places in Vegas when the budget allows, Can't wait to return again!
5	The best place to stay on the strip hands down. Big comfortable rooms for a reasonable price, excellent shows and restaurants, and close to everything.
5	Every time me and my husband come to Las Vegas, we make sure we stay at least one night! UGH!! I love this place! thanks to my bff we found this place..the people are nice, they got the good slots and the rooms are great, good views....we stayed there last night and we didn't want to leave! Ill be back boo!
4	I'm a huge fan of the Venetian/Palazzo hotels.  They're the only places I'll stay when I go to Vegas.ROOMS:  They're huge!  All the rooms here are suites.  We stayed in the Bella Suite which is about 700 sq ft.  There are THREE flat panel TV's (living rooms, bedroom, and bathroom).  The bedding is comfy.  The bathroom has his/hers sinks, a tub, a shower, and a separated bathroom stall.  The living room has an L-shaped couch that pulls out into a queen size bed.  There's also a round table and a small office area.  AMENITIES:  The pool area is shared with the Venetian so there are many pools, whirlpools, and cabanas to choose from.  The casino area is kinda small, but it's a short walk to the Venetian, which has a larger casino space.  There are so many shops and restaurants!I'm a big fan of this hotel, and like I said before, Palazzo and Venetian are my go-to hotels in Vegas!
4	The place is SUITE! (pun intended!) I had the two bed suite with the bi-level "lounge". They supply you with 3 TVs, heaven knows why? but i totally enjoyed using all three! AND the remote to the curtains!? (my remote was broken, the drapes had to be closed manually, but i was able to see my friend's drapes close with the remote!) super fun! You get robes too, sweet!I stayed here because of a 3 day conference for work. I had the whole suite to myself. If I had all the money in the world, I would live here! If i came to vacay in LV, i would stay here!Four stars is because of the food/meals.The conference arranged breakfast, lunch, and dinner.The first night was a 3 course meal: salad, entree, dessert. The salad was yum. The dinner was a rendition of a filet mignon that was unpleasant for me to digest. My co-worker beg to differ, it settled just fine and would have eaten my other half. Dessert was good.Second day was a breakfast, snack, lunch.Breakfast was mostly dry goods--bread group-- with coffee, tea, milk, and juice. Snack was a variety of cookies and chips to spike a quick energy. Lunch was my most disliked meal of the day, we had "gourmet" chicken pesto sandwiches. The chicken was really dry and the bread was hard to sink your teeth into. You literally had to eat the thing piece for piece with a fork. If you like pickles, peppers, olives and such...then the sides make up for the "sand"wich. The last day we were given a buffet breakfast...a notch better because we had pancakes, eggs, and bacon. Also a choice of dry goods--cereal and granola with yogurt and milk. Coffee and tea of course. No juices this time. Snacks were around, constituted of a hearty protein, energy booster buffet/bar--nuts, cookies, tea, water, energy juice. Lunch was a box lunch...nothing to really praise over since it's a grab-and-go meal. Aside from that, the servers and event coordinators were very friendly and attentive, they are definitely trained well. The same goes for the entire hotel staff; the front desk definitely follow the rules.  Grand Lux Cafe! try not to leave vegas without visiting this place. =)
5	My last trip to Vegas, i stayed in Palazzo, i didn't know this is actually an extension of Venetian. The hotel was nice, and the room was very nice.  I love the pool.  the hotel has several pools, some in the shades, some in the sun. I totally loved it. I like how they have the chairs lay inside of the shallow pool and you can cool down while you are tanning. Tried several restaurant inside the hotel as well. it was alright. but I would recommend people come stay here.
4	We didn't stay here. I'm reviewing the Double Helix bar located on the 2nd floor. It's in the center of the boutiques. It's more like a stand or like a cubicle and seats and the bar are in the center. We came here after the Michael Buble concert because we wanted a low key place to enjoy a drink. We wanted to find a lounge, but my feet were killing from heels so we settled for this bar. Cozy leather sofas and not busy at all at 11pm on a Saturday. Everyone was in line for the big club. I LOVED it here. There were only 10 other people there so the bartenders were very attentive and such nice service. They have 2 televisions at the bar. I enjoyed my whiskey and ginger ale while the bartender recommended some great wines for my husband. At the end of the night, they were cleaning up the bar and gave us free cupcakes. Always a bonus. =) GREAT SERVICE!
5	Absolute hands down the greatest value for money in a 5 star all suite hotel!
3	I'm really conflicted about this place. I would say that the space, facilities, and amenities are quite good -- around four stars, if not quite the blowout extravaganza of five stars. However, the level of service I got there was fairly atrocious, and the overall feel of the place was just a faint bit shabby. The stay was hurt by the fact that I spent the earlier part of the week at the Bellagio for a conference, so the service there was still fresh in my head. Here's what I can think of as negatives off the top of my head:- Our first night there, we paid for an upgraded sweet to get a hot tub (well, 'jetted tub' -- PS to Vegas hotels, make it easier to get a hot tub!). The first night, we got in a room where a lot of stuff weirdly wasn't working, and it was strangely undecorated. When I called down in the morning, they said, "Oh, sorry, we put you in an *unfinished room*". They comped us the night (good), but it was still one of the nights of our trip in a crappy room.- Several times, the servers just seemed surly or untrained. The Palazzo has a pool that closes perversely early (like a lot of Vegas hotels, weirdly). When we showed up to use the pool at 6pm, we were sternly turned away by attendants who looked at us like we were proles. I left feeling like, "how DARE I try to use the pool after hours?" - The maid service really left something to be desired; leaving behind empty bottles on several occasions. - Little bits of cheapskatery. Like, we were promised $X of credit at slot machines on the casino floor. X wasn't large, but it is fun -- well, until we discovered it was only valid on certain machines, and the certain machines were all penny or nickel slots, and not very fun. I mean, hey, free slot credits is free slot credits, but it just felt sort of po', you know?To the Palazzo's credit:* Good rooms (well, assuming you get a finished one) for the price* Some good restaurants there and in the Venetian (Dos Caminos is a fave of mine for lunch + drinks)* Conveniently located near the Venetian, the Wynn, Encore, and all the stuff around those casinos* The casino is super easy to get around -- always a big plus when your sense of direction is as bad as mine.Conclusion:At the end of the day, my 3 stars is relative to the cost and expectations I have for something that bills itself as a five star Vegas hotel. In some ways when a hotel tries to be more than it is, and I felt like this was definitely operative when it came to the Palazzo. Not saying you'll be disappointed to go here -- unless you've stayed at the Wynn, the Bellagio, or a real five star hotel elsewhere. Probably worth it if you can score a deal on a room.
1	I stayed at the Palazzo in Vegas for this past Labor day weekend. I'm a regular Vegas visitor and enjoy my stays at most of the hotels I've been at.  Palazzo is the first time I've stayed at any hotel chain a second time (I was at the Venetian previously).  All in all I had fun and the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are clean and luxurious, room service is relatively prompt,  but I came across a serious Customer Service issue at checkout that I believe all need to be aware of.-On that Saturday night, there was a fire in the parking garage and cars were not allowed into the driveway.  However, Security neglected to inform us (something we found out the next day), that pedestrians can walk up to the hotel. Instead, we were turned away in our cab at 2 a.m. to circle the streets for over an hour (a $100+ cab fare) until the hotel was reopened to cars. -We brought this to the attention of the Front Desk manager AL SANTOS when we were checking out. At first, he denied that the hotel was not letting cars access the hotel and that there was a fire. We were bewildered. He kept insinuating that we were inventing the story to get credits to our room. After us starting to get upset about his behavior and treatment, a front desk representative leaned over and updated him about the fire. He apologized. He proceeded to get a Security guard to watch us, while he went to get claim forms for us to document our complain. Strike 1.-I asked to have the room credit to be put on my Grazie card and after being told at check in, during my stay and at the Grazie counter that it won't be a problem, he proceeded to tell me that it was impossible b/c I'm a secondary on the room and not a primary. I asked him to change that - He threw a fuss, and then relented. I checked the next day and my Grazie card was never credited. Strike 2.- Then he charged the wrong credit card for the room. After I asked him about it, he lost his temper and berated me about that being the credit card the reservations were made with. I informed him that another credit card was submitted at check in and CHARGED already. He refunded the initial card and proceeded to re-charge the second card.  I left that day with my card being charge double the room charge.  When I kept explaining that he was double charging me, he started loosing it again and informing me in the most derogatory manner that this was standard procedure. Strike 3!-I leave the hotel finally (after over 1.5 hours at checkout). On the road I call the reservations department to reverse those double charges, which I had confirmed with my bank at that point) b/c it was causing overdraft charges on my bank account. I came across another Manager, Michelle who offered to call the bank to verify whether any overdraft charges had occured and if we had charged more than we owed. 15 minutes after I speak with Michelle, AL SANTOS called me, yelling and insulting me for speaking to another manager about the double charges, informing me that Michelle works UNDER him and that he never double charged me. I reiterated that I checked my account online and I was double charged, but he wasn't listening, he just kept screaming at me. STRIKE 4!Well, at this point I was angry and I asked for the next Manager up. She (Nicole)  was not available and I was told she would call me on the next business day. It's been over a week, I've called her myself again, and have STILL not heard from her.Yeah, so a whole lot of yelling by customer service. It ruined my entire stay at the Palazzo and my entire view of the hotel. I have never heard of Customer Service reps screaming at customers and being so uninformed about the happenings at their hotel.  If you have no complications, I guess it's ok to stay there. Otherwise, management is one unreliable rude group to interact with at the Palazzo.
5	This is my favorite hotel on the strip! I may be a little biased though, because we've only ever stayed in a suite here.First of all, Palazzo is at a great location on the strip, surrounded by tons of fun! There are the shops at Venetian, the Fashion Show Mall kitty corner, the Wynn next door (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uGupeWqih0yIcCg8anM1PA?select=YkVyh_0qNBDQ09ahHqv0Lw), tons of food (The Grand Lux!) and entertainment, etc.Next, the room itself was like no other hotel room I've been privileged enough to stay in. It was HUGE! There were two giant TVs in the room, plus one in the bathroom. There were two queen beds, and a pull out. Our room had a step-down living room, with a giant window (and Vegas' signature heavy drapes) with great views of the airport. The area under the TV was our make-shift bar, and it made the occasion even more awesome because it lit up! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uGupeWqih0yIcCg8anM1PA?select=m6kCI0tTf3Pt4V5JZmubVQ)This whole hotel is really a taste of living in the lap of luxury. The outside is gorgeous and the inside is amazing. Palazzo really does a great job of making your Vegas trip special.I love their pools, too... They are PERFECT for sitting in the 110 degree weather in 2 feet of water, sipping a freshly-made icey mojito, and enjoying the moment. It's what I look forward to when I daydream in my cubicle when I have to live back in reality.
2	First stay at the Palazzo...probably not going to stay here again if I get to choose. - The check-in person was super friendly, great service and explained everything very well. Plus. - The room wasn't clean. The marble-topped divider separating the sleeping area from the sunken living room was stained with dried alcohol and juices; we could clearly see the rings left by glasses and such. The dresser drawers were covered with dried splashes of juice or ketchup. We called two separate times on two separate days to get all this cleaned up. It didn't get cleaned up.  Double minus.- The bathroom toilet area smelled like stale urine, much like a public restroom that was simply wiped up but not sanitized. The stench was strong enough where I actually preferred to use the bathrooms in the lobby to take care of business.  A lot of minuses because a smelly unsanitized bathroom toilet area is just gross. - The check-out person was much less than friendly. In fact, compared to the check-in person, she was incredibly unfriendly and got even more so when I said I'd like to point out several things about our room. To her credit (or to the hotel policy's credit), she refunded the resort fee for the 3 nights we were there. Minus. - Beds were ridiculously comfy. Plus. In short, everything would've been great had the room been clean. It wasn't, despite our repeated requests. Here's hoping management sees this review and actually does cleanliness quality checks.
5	My favorite hotel in Vegas. Stayed here for 3 nights. Checked in on a Thursday and checked out on a Sunday.1) 3 flat screen TVs: one in the bathroom, one in front of the bed, and one in the living room.2) Large comfy bed3) Platform between the bedroom and sunken living room. Good for resting your luggage on, sitting on, or dancing on ;)4) Good for large groups. If your group wants to meet up beforehand, this is the best hotel room for that. Tons of places for everyone to sit.5) Best bathroom to get dolled up in!! Separate vanity away from the sinks. Has a lit makeup mirror, drawer for all your stuff, a chair, and outlets.6) Nice huge windows
5	Palazzo is the pimpest place on the Strip that I can afford to stay at. (Split between a million girls in a suite, shhh...) One day I'll move on to bigger and better things like Encore.It's so luxurious - shiny and bright, no flaws in sight. Once you step into the lobby you'll see the front desk on your left with sky high ceilings where they pump out some sort of alluring scent that sucks you in. Walk through and you're in the middle of the large casino. Further down you'll find the shops I can't afford, like Christian Louboutin and Herve Leger. But the rooms...Each suite comes with two double beds and a corner couch in the "living room" with built-in bed. There were THREE tv's in our room - one in the bathroom, and two bathrobes, and a large bath for bubbles... These rooms make you forget about your real life of poverty and take you to another place of bourgeois and glamour. I think the best part about staying at the Palazzo though are the pools. Now, when I think of my ultimate pool I think of the Grotto at the Playboy mansion, something with ambiance - rocks and waterfalls and lush palm trees. So when I heard that Palazzo's pools lack varying topography and landscaping I was kind of bummed. But wait until you see the pools - there are seriously a million pools here (6, I think) combined with Venetian's pools equals a billion. There's small wading pools, hot tubs, Azure (the party pool), large pools. I got lost just trying to get to the pools. And they have lounge chairs in each of the pools where they're about a foot deep into the water so you're halfway immersed like a glistening Malibu Barbie doll that screams, 'YOU WANT ME.'  (I do a beached whale much better than a Barbie.)And then of course there's Lavo (can more attractive people fit into one restaurant?!) and the restaurants that connect Venetian and Palazzo. The staff is useful too, although with a hotel/casino that large there isn't much interaction between staff and guests. They were really accommodating when it came to getting housekeeping to bring up a buttload of stuff everyday. Lifesavers.Our trip to Vegas would've still been insane if we hadn't stayed at Palazzo but man, it definitely helped and I'd looove to hear the stories if those walls could talk.
4	This is one of my favorite hotels to stay @ in Vegas. { WHY STAY HERE }1) (Semi) Centrally located on the strip2) The rooms are SPACIOUS and has its own livingroom with very comfortable, cushy couches3) The bathrooms are luxurious4) There's always good deals on this hotel5) Just like the Venetian, but better rates6) Connected to the Venetian where all the restaurants and shops are7) Right next to Encore, where the hottest night club is...XS.  So you can walk home after a night's of partying!8) If you have a large party, I suggest getting the 2-bedroom suite...it's P-I-M-P.{ TIPS }* If your friends have already checked in and you're having the bellman take up your luggage, call your friends if they're still in the room. Have them call for your luggage. Give them the claim/ticket #, the # of bags, and the name your bags are under. So by the time you get to your room, your bags will arrive @ the same time.* When you check out on Sundays, don't even try to call the bellman to help you take down your luggage.  It'll take you 2 hours for them to arrive to your room to get your bags!
5	my favorite hotel on the strip. i like it even more than encore. i love the standard rooms with the sunken sitting area. we had a pre party in our room every night that we were there cuz it was just that player. i love how it's small compared to gigantic hotels and you don't have to break your ankle walking in heels when you go back and forth from the rooms. love that there's a grand lux downstairs where you can get decent food for decent prices at 3am. also, the noodle place at the venetian sportsbook is walking distance.
4	Good location. Central to the places on the strip you wanna go and a short cab ride everywhere else. Shopping, Pools, and lots of restaurant options mean you never really have to leave the property. It's connected to the Venitian so you can really get lost in here. The room was great, sunken living room, plush couch, table for 4...multiple TV's and great bath products. The spa is huge and the salon is pretty cool too. Make sure and get a "Healthy Elvis" if you stop by the cafe. It wasn't loud- and we had a great view of the strip and the sunrise from the 44th floor. The bed was super comfy- and they even printed out boarding passes and stored our luggage when we checked out.  I'd come back even if I had to pay for the suite this time ;)
5	Always been my favorite place. Excellent suite room, great service, awesome environment. Well plce to stay
5	Palazzo and the Venetian are my first choice of hotels whenever I go to Vegas. Although I did not stay here on my previous trip, my buddy had a room here during my June trip and the majority of the time was spent in his room due to this crazy upgrade....He got upgraded from the Venetian Venezia tower to a Hospitality Suite in the Palazoo for a mere $20 tip, remember everyone, always do the $20 trick when checking in. What I love about Palazzo and Venetian is LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!  All the hot clubs and pools are all within walking distance. Tao, Tao Beach are within Venetian and XS, Tryst, Surrender, Encore Beach Club is right across the street!  This is awesome cause it saves so much money on cab fare!The room was HUGE. I have to say at least 2000+ sq ft. It was connected to the Palazoo pool where all we had to do was jump the barrier and the pool was there. It was quite nice chillin' on the patio while people were looking at the pool thinking we were ballers but little did they know the deal we booked was $300 for 4 nights which included 4 days of car rental too!Palazoo, even though I didn't see you my last trip, i'll be back before you know it!
5	The best hotel I've EVER stayed at...! We had a comped suite for 3-4 days so of course we took it! All I have to say is "DAMN"...the suite we had was roomy, had 2 TVs, and easily fits more then 6 and the bathroom was super spacious. Walking around the Venetian, the decor is set to be like an Italian city. Very Renaissance-type feeling. I would recommend this hotel to everyone staying in Vegas. Just thinking about the Palazzo/Venetian makes me want to be back in Vegas!
4	This was my third stay at the Palazzo, and everything about my stay was delightful.  The room was fabulous, with a great view of the Wynn! The hallways were quiet!  The casino is bright and pleasant, although drink service was not as good as other properties.  Tried Morels and Table 10, both of which were easy to get to and decent.  Enjoyed my second viewing of Jersey Boys, and the Vegas cast is phenomenal.  The theater is super easy to reach from the elevators. The spa is lovely and relaxing, altough the staff at the front desk of the spa is far from pleasant and welcoming after two visits.I love that the hotel is connected to the Venetian and easily accessible to Wynn.  This gives you several dining, gambling, and shopping options.My favorite Vegas hotel is Bellagio, but Palazzo is my second favorite.  Very pleasant experience!
4	I always love visiting The Palazzo!  The rooms are not only gorgeous, but spacious and luxurious.  The velvet couches are awesome!  It's a great place to stay in a fantastic location and my husband and I always enjoy ourselves.  We look forward to many more stays here!
4	Stayed here the last time we were in Vegas. Fun Casino. Wonderful suites. As the sister hotel to the Venetian, it provides a similar over-the-top Vegas experience that you've come to expect. Our room had two beds, three TVs, a pull-out sofa bed, and a sweet view of the pool. The pool area was also nice, with several pools both in and out of the sunlight. We also spent a good deal of time in the casino, which was pretty fun, and some time in Legase's Stadium. I wouldn't mind staying here again.
5	What can I say best hotel in VEGAS!  (Venetian is close 2nd)It IS worth every penny.  However, to be honest, I don't have every penny, so I usually only go here when my parents get a friends and family employee discount from an old coworker or my friends get a free room from their parents who gamble.  Otherwise, you can catch me for $40/night rooms at Excalibur cuz I'm a cheap college grad.Location awesome (right across from Caesars shops and the big mall)Food awesome (Grand Lux Cafe and Lagassee Staudium)Pool awesome (so many of them plus the ones attached to venetian)Rooms awesome (huge - can fit 6 people semi-comfortably all are on either a couch or a bed)
5	Stayed in a suite..one of the best rooms I've ever stayed in...
4	This is one of my favorite places to stay in Las Vegas, I like the location on the strip and the hotel is very reminiscent of Italy.It helps me keep a balance between crazy Vegas and relaxation; which is what I want to do when I go to Vegas... I want a balance of both!ROOMS- always perfect, I love the vanity's they have in the bathroom, it make me feel like I am back in Europe and its super fun to get ready for a night out. Some rooms have TV in the the bathroom which is fun if your taking a bath with a glass of something. Comfortable beds, wifi and desks for working.POOL- I love the pool area, it really has great views and the layout is super peaceful (when there is a lot of people, its not so much).FOOD- I really like Canyon Ranch Grill, love having breakfast here; food tastes fresh and healthy!Pricey- so make it a splurge or find discounted rooms.when short in cash stay across the street at TI (Treasure Island), the beds are the best; they carry the Elite SensationalTM pillowtop beds with lighted and padded headboards, which make your nights in vegas feel like your sleeping in clouds and then make your way to the shops at the venetian.
4	Tied for my first favorite hotel in Vegas with Encore. I love this place for the rooms, the location, the shopping downstairs and the A/C during the hot Vegas summers. They can actually get the rooms cold, something Wynn and Encore cannot do.Lately I've had some challenges with the reservations department screwing up reservations, but eventually things get straightened out. I don't like the sheets though. I find them to be synthetic and scratchy feeling. Other than that, this is a fabulous Vegas choice and you can get rates as low as $109 a night during the week and $219 during the weekends if you get on their Grazie club list or check the Smarter Vegas fares.
5	I came here last weekend, staying in the Palazzo for two nights and the Aria for one night so there will probably be comparisons between the two in my review.Bedroom: I'd have to say most hotel beds are incredibly comfortable and this one did not stray from that ideal. It was a little tougher(harder) and Aria's was softer. Bathroom: I LOVE this bathroom. When I buy a house, I want this bathroom.-Vanity: The vanity makes it really convenient to put on makeup but the light up vanity mirror that extended out from the wall unfortunately did not light up when I pressed the button. It wasn't a big deal but the one at Aria worked so it's worth mentioning. -Tub and Shower: My boyfriend and I were able to fit into the tub and the shower together comfortably. The shower had great water pressure. -Cleanliness: A+-Layout: Makes getting ready very easy. With a bathroom so big, my boyfriend would be able to shower or go to the bathroom while I put on makeup or blowdried my hair. No one was ever in the way. Suite: I love how all the Palazzo rooms are suites. They're so spacious making my stay in Aria seem like I was in a box. Televisions: One in literally every room. I love how you can watch on the couch, in bed or even in the tub. Or you can watch a different show if you don't want to watch what your significant other is watching. Layout: I found the layout to be inconvenient in the beginning. Self-Parking is in the back of the hotel, right next to the guest elevators but hotel registration is all the way, ALL THE WAY across the casino where the front door is. This walk isn't bad except when you're carrying a bunch of luggage back and forth from the back of the casino to the front and back.Cool Little Things: -Ice Bucket- It had a suction type lid keeping the ice frozen for longer. Aria's was just one of those regular tin buckets you get at the Marriott. -Remote for the shades- That was fun to play with. -Robes: Very comfortable, thick and plush! If they were cheaper, I would have actually paid to have one sent to my house. Aria's robes felt paper thin and as absorbant as a piece of paper compared to these. -Safe: Inside one of the chests. Holds alot, I was able to put everything I needed (laptop, wallet, sunglasses, etc etc) in there.-Mirror in the room hallway: Very convenient since it's full length and the one in the bathroom is not.I will definitely be back here when I finish staying at the rest of the hotels I want to try out.
5	has got to be my favorite hotel in Las Vegas! i absolutely love the Palazzo/Venetian! It's right smack in the center of everything =) every time i walk into the Palazzo the aroma of some type of sweet floral scent fills the building & i'm welcomed, "HOME" :) We have been booking rooms here since 2005 & every stay was just fab. Although, there have been a few times where either something was broken in the room, or we were accidentally placed in the wrong room, management was nice enough to switch out our rooms immediately. My boyfriend & his friends will actually be staying there this wknd for a bachelors party & what's better than the Bella Suite?! Seriously, i don't think any other hotel offers a suite as SWEET as the Bella. Fits 6 comfortably, spacious, 3 Flat screen televisions (including 1 in the restroom!). Customer Service is on point when it comes to replenishing towels, wine glasses, pillows, blankets, etc. i definitely recommend the Palazzo/Venetian to everyone! =) This place takes you away as if you're really in Italy! (not that i've been but architect wise the buildings are amazing)  The Gondola rides located at the Grand Canal shoppes is a very romantic ride, overlooks those who are dining & or shopping & a PLUS My girlfriend was proposed to on the Gondola Ride back in 2009 :)
4	This review is a little bias. I never have to pay for a hotel room. I usually do not have to pay for the food. I get a limo pick up to and from the airport. That being said here is my review. Room is very spacious. Got the Bella Suite because my father and brother decided to join me. The layout of the Hotel is very good. One main corridor down the middle. The gambling tables are not to close to each other. Tables were lucky for me made 5k. The food which is the most important part was incredible. Zine Asian Noodle - best dumpling noodles I have ever had. The noodles are made by the restaurant. Samba Sushi - not your typical sushi restaurant. Much like Nobu but better at 2/3 the cost. Still will run you about $80 per person but it is well worth it. That includes sake and beer. Morels French Bistro - Had steak and eggs $22. Excellent. A little more pricier than the other restaurants but what do expect from the French. My brother knows food much better than I do. He loved the food at this hotel. The only that was wrong with the Hotel was the sports book. Even though I hit a $200 parlay that scored me $1,400 the location is bad. The ceilings are low. The layout is not very inviting. And there is no smoking in the sports book. Only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars. I will be checking out the poker room next time I go.
5	Stayed here October 1-4 and it was amazing!  We got a really good deal from the palazzo website itself, lately they've been having good deals.  We stayed in the palazzo luxury suite, their regular suite.  It was huge!  A very comfy king size bed with the biggest flat screen, living room with it's own flat screen, his and her sinks, a bathtub and separate shower with a smaller flat screen in there, and remote controlled drapes!  The place is very clean and probably way too big for just two people, but we didn't care!  Stay here if you get the chance!
5	Booked the Venetian.  Slipped the check in agent a $20 and voila, upgrade to the Palazzo.  Despite being further back the rooms were newer and nicer.  Second to the top floor had a great view.  The room was really spacious.  The decor was very modern but still warm and not sterile.  Definitely loved the huge sectional to kick back and lounge on.  If you have a large group, definitely consider staying in one of the suites here.The walk between the Venetian and the Palazzo is quite long though.  The pool was alright.  Their version of the pool club was pretty lame for a saturday in September.  We got in for free and were welcomed to a sausage fest.  Pass.  We grabbed a beer, took in the nice view, and then proceeded to leave the "club"  If the pool club vibe is your thing, definitely skip this place and walk on over to Tao Beach and be prepared to pay and or wait.All in all a great stay.  One big plus is that you can walk to Bouchon and the Bouchon Bakery!!
2	i was expecting more than the experience i got. - poor ventilation... our room was warm the whole weekend we were there. we had a connecting suite and my the other' room stayed cool. ours did not.- when my friends that were sleeping on the pullout couch pulled out the bed- there were STAINS on the sheets.  MAJOR FAIL. - was never able to reach the front desk on checkout day. i know theyre busy... but cmon, we tried a few times- i had allergies whenever i was in the suite.  throughout the wholee weekend... maybe my immune system sucks, or maybe their ventilation sucksi really hate complaining but i just didnt have that good of an experience here.  on the plus... LAVO nightclub is in the hotel.  andd.. yeah.
1	After arriving at the Palazzo we checked in and the staff at the front desk were very friendly.  Once we had our room keys we made our way through the labyrinth to the guest elevators located at the other end of the casino.  We entered our room which was very impressive at first sight. Upon a closer look at the room it was found that the bodily fluids from a man where left behind on the couch.  The front desk was contacted and they advised that they would send housekeeping to correct the matter and change all the bedding.  I placed a piece of tissue between the sheets to ensure that the bedding had been changed.  When we returned the couch was vacuumed and one could still see that the bodily fluids where still sticking around on the couch.  The bedding had not been changed as the tissue paper still remained in the same location it was placed.  After more than 48 hours of promises and lies by managers from the three managers in guest services I spoke with the fourth manager Jason had the matter partly corrected although the semen stuck around on the couch for the remainder of our stay.  Bottom line the Palazzo is not so this and that but I guess they take the "What happens in Vegas Stays in Vegas" serious since that semen stayed for our entire stay in Room #26-829.
4	14 people in two rooms for a friend's birthday. AWESOME place to do this. I love that the rooms are suites so there is that extra living area with two couches, one with a pull out bed. Also, the extra TV was a plus since the Giants were playing! The beds are comfy and surprisingly could fit three girls :) They offer enough pillows and blankets for all! They provide some spankin cool robes too.I also LOVELOVELOVE the bathroom! Bath (big enough to fit all our drinks holla! haha), shower, big space, two mirrors and a separate bathroom door. However, what's up with no locks?!?! I also adore the contemporary ambiance and our room was very clean. The cleaning staff also was very generous with our MESS and cleaned up nicely.The Palazzo is also very close to many of the clubs and has a Walgreens right across the street. Very convenient for quick runs of necessities! The decor of the hotel is average. Nothing too spectacular, but I guess all that matters is the rooms really. The restaurants nearby/inside AKA Asia Noodles and Grand Lux Cafe. BOTH SOOO GOOD!!!!!!! Asia Noodles was unexpectedly so good! Excellent noodles. Grand Lux Cafe was like a higher class Cheesecake Factory.Overall, great stay and nice people. I would love to come back.I love this PA-PA-PA-PA-LAZZO PLACE!!
4	A very nice hotel, when you walk into either the Palazzo or the Venetian (sister hotel) there is a pleasant perfume scent they pump through the air ducts.  We stayed here in their 2 bed suite with a party of 7. 2 people in each bed 2 on the fold out bed and one on the couch.  Sometimes there were 3 on a bed one on the floor and some on the couch, you know how it goes.  I'd have to say 7 peeps in this room is very doable, but i wouldn't want 8, and with all your luggage it gets kinda cramped.  The room is very nice, well decorated and with 2 lcd tvs.  My only complaint would be that there isn't an empty fridge to put drinks in like the Harrah's suites.  They've got that charge you 8 bucks for an orange juice fridge, but that's it.
5	I always thought the Venetian was a great hotel until I stayed here.  The rooms are very nice and the service is great.  It's close to all the hot clubs and they have a big shopping mall on the 2nd floor.  The room prices are kind of outrageous if you don't have a hook up.  If you got the money to spend.  this is a very nice place to stay at.
4	The Palazzo really gives other hotels a run for their money.  When you talk beauty and elegance I can't think of a hotel more fitting to those complements than the Palazzo.  From the minute you enter the parking garage you know your in for a treat.  Upon walking around the entrance and front desk area you feel like you've left Vegas and been transported to Italy or Greece.  The picture art and statue/fountains are magnificent.  Now, it's an expensive resort like Wynn, Bellagio, and big brother Venetian, but just like the three deliver a memorable experience from start to finish.  From the garage to the front desk, restaurants, clubs, lounges, gaming, and hotel.  These are "the" resorts you want to save up and splurge on.
5	With Priceline and Hotwire, there is no reason you should ever pay retail for a hotel in Las Vegas. Book early enough and you can get yourself a sweet-ass deal on a Halloween weekend less than half what the hotel is actually charging, like I did. My thoughts on Vegas hotels are that you should either stay at a 5 star or go cheap. The 4 stars are all pretty middling without the upgrades, so go big or be trashy. Either/or, there is no middle ground here. In any case, The Palazzo is gorgeous and the subdued little sister to the over the top Venetian. The service was fantastic from the bell hop getting me some ice when he dropped off my bags to the little birthday message that was left at the front desk. I'm sure it happens for everyone but I like to be taken care of. That's why I'm here and not at Circus Circus. From now on, I'll hope my priceline roulette lands here.
4	Our room was on the 22nd floor with Wynn view.As a photographer I could take pictures of Wynn dawn, dusk, night and in between. A gorgeous view with far away purple mountains..You don't have to g out and lose your money when you are in Palazzo, you just relax on L shaped couch watching LG screens.Bathroom has a shower and a tub. Water runs real powerful for the bath tub. That's a good sign for the 22nd floor.Here goes minus points for P.None of us could play long, A losing hotel?No buffet in Venetian or Palazzo.Dal Toro restaurant was good but very expensive.There was a coupon for Lavazza in the room, we didn't use that..It costs $4 with coupon it said.I wonder how big the mug would be!If anybody used Lavazza coupon, let me know the size of mug..
5	Hands down, I love the Palazzo. For these suites being BASIC, does not COMPARE to any other hotel on the strip. You would need to upgrade your basic room at any other hotel just to achieve this. Not the Wynn, not Bellagio (so old), nothing in the City Center, nada. Newer than its sister the Venetian (hereinafter referred to as V, and P), and it HAS BARNEY'S. Yes. Score. Perfect. For drunken shopping, Barney's is a one stop shop. But I'm not talking about Barney's. Cut is at the P; Cut is the BOMB. Less touristy than most, this is my second home. I am Club Grazie member, therefore many comped nights. Love the stores, because apparently they are not within a tourists' budget :)Please, do stay here! You will love this hotel. All rooms are suites, either a one king bed or 2 queen bed, along with a large sofa that pulls out into a queen bed in the lower quarters (3 steps down). Bathrooms have tv's and obviously there is a phone in the toilet area.... just in case you are craving pizza while letting go of another pizza (lol). Marble floors in the bath and in the shower, and a tub that fits 1.5 people (grown people, hah). What I also like about the P and the V is that you need a card to enter the elevator areas, as there is a guard there who will check your room key. Yes... you will see all the non-guests waiting by this area (saaawrryyyy). A basic room at the P is a little bigger than the V, partially because there is a large area in the P that allows you to place your luggage or to even just sit down (cold marble) whereas in the V, it is replaced by a railing instead. You will not regret staying here, pinky pwomise.
4	Loved this hotel! Granted I stayed in an awesome suite but the demeanor of the entire hotel was more relaxed, mature, and comfortable. No obnoxious people, and not tons of tourists walking through constantly. Like a lot of the hotels in this city, the Palazzo is absolutely gorgeous in decor--you can virtually live in this one hotel with all the shopping, pools, gym, theaters, and great food! In particular Carnevino's Steaks are hands down the most delectable I've ever eaten. Palazzo is a fabulous overall experience. Only downside, our room took forever to be ready at check-in. A baby detail. Highly recommend it!
5	.... Palazzo... *drool*... Ohh my... Where do I begin?? I adore this place.. Definitely my favorite.... It's probably perfect in any sense... Location is spot on, Amazing specious modern rooms, super comfy... I felt like a bloody Rock Star staying here... I can walk around this hotel and take pictures of the decor/ art all day... Seriously this place is a lil piece of heaven... I'm coming back here next weekend and I cannot bloody wait!! WHOOP WHOOP !!!! :))
4	The Palazzo is definitely High Class.  I stayed here for the first part of my weekend trip before staying at the it-that-should-not-be-mentioned Luxor.  The suite rooms are amazing!!!! Spacious room, luxurious bathroom (big tub that was great for a relaxing bath), TV in the bedroom, living room, and bathroom, beautiful decor.  Just awesome in total.  2 minuses about the room:-Watch out for the fridge, they charge you by electronic detector so even if you pull out a drink just to take a look and put it back, you might end up paying for it.  Just don't touch the fridge at all if you aren't gonna drink anything.-The pulled out Sofa bed was pretty bad, I think it would have been more comfortable just to sleep straight on the sofa.Overall, Palazzo, you're cool.  Definitely made me feel richer than I am, hahaha.
5	Like the Venetian, I absolutely love this place. I stayed in both the Bella and Luxury suites. They are basically the same (Bella has 2 beds, Luxury has 1) -both are huge and very luxurious.A bit quieter than the Venetian, it is a great place for families to stay at.
5	my home (well one of em, the other one is the venetian lol) away from home. i love venetian , same goes for the venetian. i feel like out of all the hotels i've stayed at over the years, this one is the nicest: great rooms (all of them are suites), great customer service, and a great location (plus getting the room comped makes it 1000 times better :])i've stayed at the palazzo more often...i like the gambling better on this side and it's newer so the rooms seem a bit more modern then the venetian. however either or, whatever is comped i will stay! the rooms are all set up like the venetian. when you walk in there's a good size bathroom: a seperate shower and bath, two sinks, a bathroom, and a make up station :] WITH a tv which is great when you're getting ready or taking a bath :]when you walk in you either get 2 queens or 1 king. there's a closet and yet again another tv. then theres a few stairs to the "living room" with couch (pull out bed) and 2 desks and yet another tv haha.i would recommend everyone and anyone to stay here. it's a great place to stay and there's a bunch of things to do! you can seriously be happy staying at venetian and never stepping outside! (since it's connected to the venetian) also on the 2nd floor there's shopping and restaurants (connected to the venetian's shopping and restaurants as well). i've never been shopping there since i come to vegas to eat, party, drink, and GAMBLE!!! but the restaurants are great (well the one's i've been to) i've been to wolf gang puck's bistro, first food & bar, and sushi samba. all which are great (read my reviews!!!) also palazzo is home of LAVO night club and the venetian is home of TAO. another plus very close to fashion mall, mirage, bellagio, encore, wynn, and treasure island...also harrahs (carnival court FTW!) and imperial palace (ginseng 3, hash house a go go, and fat tuesdays yay!!!)next time you need somewhere to stay pick palazzo or the venetian...you will thank me later :]
5	The elegant Palazzo is PERFECT! I've stayed there multiple times and it never seems to get old. Let's just say these suites fit thirteen people comfortably. Yeah, one or two people had to sleep on the floor, but they sure didn't care. The rooms are soundproof enough to have a little music  going during the pre AND after party and the common area is big enough to get a beer-bong going. OK OK, don't judge! It was my 21st Birthday. Another perk is free admission to the clubs in the Palazzo/Venitian. I think you're allowed three guests per room key (so ask for extras). My friends and I went to Lavo's Nightclub and had a blast! Anyways. If you have the cash do it! It will make your Vegas stay one to remember! My rating: 5/5. Perfecto!
5	omg this is many many many steps beyond venetian! it's set up like venetian but corrects a lot of things that venetian sucks at like access to the ice machine. there's a full-length mirror and the lighting is perrrfect! some of the best i seen in vegas. totally felt pampered stayin here and i think my cousin scored it on hotwire for $44 per night! wut! wut! the restaurants in here (and venetian) are pretty good too. love this place!
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!!This is what I call a hotel!!!Stayed here July 5-8,2010 and never wanted to leave!!!We stayed in a mini penthouse and loved the roomsWe had 6 people and all of us were perfectly accommodated very wellFree to get into the afterhours spots and you would want to hit up TAOget to know those who can get you VIP service and you're GOLDEN!!
5	The Palazzo is my absolute, hands down, favorite place to stay on the strip. My husband and I had an unforgettable stay here and hope to return soon. The bathroom has a separate tub and shower, with flat screen TV. I recommend visiting your favorite bath bomb shop before your stay. The bedroom also has a giant flat screen, and the most amazingly comfortable bed! So you would think the room ends there, right? NO! You go down a couple of steps to the living room/bar area. There is another flat screen TV, a mini bar, an L shaped couch, coffee table and floor to ceiling window...oh and the room is operated by a remote. You get up in the morning, hit a button and the curtains open. A stay at Palazzo is what you hope for when you come to Vegas. The casino is small, but has everything you need. It was nice for my husband and I to go do our own thing, but not lose each other in a maze of machines and tables.
4	This review is for the Casino only.Read my review for the Venetian.If you are underage, don't waste your time trying to gamble here.
4	Just came back from our stay in Las Vegas, December 21-23.  Stayed at the Bellagio, Las Vegas last year with our family and loved it.  Thought we would stay at the Venetian this year as this is also a 5 star hotel.  There were no rooms available upon our early (11 AM) arrival at the Venetian, so we were offered two identical "Venetian type rooms" in the Palazzo Hotel, which is part of the Venetian.  The rooms were big and spacious.  We found them very comfortable.  Great view of the mountains, lots of room for 4 adults (we occupied 2 rooms with 4 occupants in each room), and we were given rooms on the same floor to make things more convenient for all of us. The view from the 39th floor was beautiful and the rooms were very quiet.  If there were people in the rooms adjacent to us, we didn't know it.  We received complimentary continental breakfast tickets at the Grand Lux Cafe.  You could upgrade to their Breakfast Buffet for an additional $8.50 per person, which we did.  It was well worth it as our family loved the breakfast buffet.  They had a great variety of food and it was all very tasty!We paid a resort fee of $17 plus tax per room per night ($19.04); not quite sure what the fee covered, but it included internet and printer usage.  I had no problem with the fee as I was informed of it "up front" when we made our reservations.What ensued caused me to downgrade their rating to a 4.  The printer in my room was out of ink and had no USB plug to connect to my laptop for printing.  I was told they would replace the ink cartridge in my room but I would have to pay $10 for the USB plug if I wanted to print anything.  I informed them that there was no USB plug when I entered the room, so why was I required to pay for something that should have been attached to the printer upon my arrival?  They informed me they were sorry, but Palazzo occupants had been taking their USB plugs and they would have to charge the next occupant for it if they wanted to use the printer.  It would cost me $10 and I could keep the USB plug when I left.  I found it incredulous that they would make me pay for something that they should be providing as a service that I already paid for. I did not buy their USB cable.  Instead, I went to our son's room, where they had a USB cable connected to their printer, and printed our boarding tickets for our flight back home from their room. Other than the incident with the USB cable, we had a great time at the Palazzo.  Their shops were great, the canal was beautiful, the staff was very polite and helpful, and the location of the hotel enabled us to leave our rented van in the garage so we could walk to most of our destinations on the strip.  We would stay there again.  However, next time, I will bring a USB cable with me to connect to the printer in my room in the event the same thing happens again.  One other note:  There is a 24 hour Walgreen's located right at the corner of the Palazzo.  People packed the place buying drinks, snacks, and other "essentials" that would have cost many times that if you purchased it at the Palazzo.  For instance, a package of 'M&M' candy at the Palazzo would cost $9; it would cost you $6 for a small bottle of Fuji water from your room.  You could buy those items for many times less than that at Walgreens.
5	One of the most beautiful hotels not only in Vegas, but in the world! Also, did you know that the Palazzo is the 6th largest building in the world in terms of available ground space? My feet definitely felt it..I love the sunken living room and the gorgeous, large bathroom. Everything feels so luxurious and you definitely get what you pay for. I've never shopped in the "Shoppes" because I can't afford it, but its fun to window shop :) The casino floor is spacious, and the restaurants and entertainment the hotel has to offer are top notch.
5	I stayed at the Palazzo over Christmas for five days. This was my second time here in two years, and this is currently my favorite hotel in Vegas -- the jr. suite rooms are big, clean, and comfy; and the use of the relaxing Spa is reasonably prices. I also found the staff at the Palazzo to be much better than what I've experienced at other hotels on the strip, and I've stayed at most of the better ones with the exception of the Wynn/Encore which are next on my list. There is a good selection of shops and eateries within the Palazzo/Venetian complex, and the Fashion Show mall and the shops at the Wynn are close by as well. And then down Spring Mountain Road a few miles from the hotel there are many good to great Chinese/Asian restaurants. My other favorite hotel is the Bellagio, but I find the Palazzo to be a better value.
5	The sister property of the Venetian, the Palazzo is one of our favorite places to go when we decide to go to the Strip.  Here's why:- We enjoy the food & beverage options here.  LAVO, Dos Caminos, and Double Helix are a few of our favorites.- Easy access to the self parking garage.  It's located just off Twain Ave, which is off the Strip.  It makes it easy for us locals to get in/out of the property.  We prefer to park here than at the Venetian.  We often park here and walk to the Venetian.- FREE Wifi on the casino floor.  Yes, you can connect on the casino floor for FREE!  This is very beneficial when there's a convention or meeting at the property and you need internet access.- The rooms here are spectacular and can be found for reasonable rates in this down economy.Will I return?  You bet.
4	One of the newer hotels on the strip. I always get cool deals on Ideeli or Gilt, which I recommend as well to help cut costs. The rooms are suite style so there are two beds (queens) or one bed (king) on an upper level and there is a lower level with a L-shaped couch with a pull out queen and tv/table area (for those pre-party nights). The bathroom is huge (as big as the living area) with a bathtub, shower, and separate room for the toilet. Many mirrors and a make-up table area for the girls who need to get ready for the night out. Out of the 3 times I have been to Vegas, I stayed at the Palazzo twice. It has the greatest location by being near all the hot clubs so you save money on cabs. Lavo is below it, TAO is next door in the Venetian, XS and Tryst are next door in Encore and Wynn.
4	I was an invited guest before the actual grand opening of the Hotel and had a mixed bag of reviews.  For sure there are definite upside to staying here like the All Suite hotel and incredible size of the suites.  If you have stayed at the Venetian, this is the sister hotel that is almost identical but instead of the over the top Italian decor it is modern to modern art deco.  The Palazzo is connected to the Venetian by a great mall and spectacular art water fall display.  The shops are upper class but lack some of the bigger names.  All in all this a definitely a top 10 hotel on Vegas but when I stayed (3 nights) it was not finished.  I had problems with the closet door not shutting and some lighting issue I'm sure they have since figured out.The Lavo club is unique in that it is a bath house/restaurant/club.  The casino is nice since it is away from the hotel portion, but small.  I found myself walking over to the Venetian to find better gaming and food.  The plus is definitely the size and decor of the rooms.  There are at least 2 LCD TVs, a sitting level with a pull sofa bed, and large bathrooms.
4	Excellent rooms. The small office area and the multi-level layouts realky make for a unique feel in a place crowded with extravagant offerings.
4	I have been to Vegas many times and have stayed at various hotels and I have to say the Palazzo is really a good choice.  The room is gorgeous and such a comfortable size with it's sunken living room and sectional couch.  The bed is comfy and to make it even better it has the roman blinds and our view was breathtaking and that is from an NYC girl with an amazing rooftop view.  I highly recommend staying here and for an added extra at the elevator entrance there is my love, my favorite...COFFEE BEAN!
5	BIG fan of this all-suite hotel at the better end of the Las Vegas strip. Let me count the ways:The rooms - Since it's also the property of The Venetian Hotel & Casino, the suites are similar in design with 2 queen beds, a sunken den with it's own LCD screen, pull-out sofa bed and wrap around couch, double-door entrance to the restroom with LCD screen TV  above the mirror, 2 sinks and toilet area with its own door & phone. Very spacious suite. I've seen the bigger suites which have a double door entrance, full bar and separate bedroom and living area. Very nice... These rooms are quite updated from the rooms at The Venetian. They use a darker marble and the suite, in general, looks a little more modern and refined. The pool - Love the Palazzo pool. Even when staying at the Venetian we find our way to the Palazzo pool. The pool areas of both of these hotels are connected so you can shuttle back and forth. Kids pool, big wading pool, smaller side pools and jacuzzi area. Cafe right at the entrance allows you to order sandwiches and salads to eat nearby. There's a full bar for drinks and there's the Azure pool party if you want to hear music and avoid the craziness at Tao Beach in the summertime. Pool attendants are helpful in securing you a lounge chair and towels.Grand Lux Cafe - This place is open 24-7. There's a Grand Lux also in the Venetian but it closes around midnight. So if you've ever been in Vegas and are hungry for a decent meal after the club, it's such a luxury to have a restaurant with the consistency of Grand Lux in your hotel. My daytime meal of choice is the kids meal of hand-battered chicken strips. Always hits the spot. And it's by no means a kids sized portion. Good stuff. There's a take-out counter so it's very convenient for ordering food and drinks.The club - Lavo is always a good time. A roman bathhouse themed nightclub. Sound is great, lights are dope and it's a lot smaller than Tao so it's usually not as crazy. DJ Skratchy is our favorite DJ there. He definitely keeps the crowd movin. And if you wanna have a chill drink, Lavo lounge downstairs has an outdoor patio over looking the Strip and directly across from TI and its pirate show. Always a great option.Valet parking - Never a long wait. Pickup is underground (with misters to keep you cool) so you're not exposed to the Vegas heat as much in the summertime. There's also an air conditioned waiting room if it gets too hot. Always a good time staying here, as a whole... Never disappoints. Thank you Palazzo.
5	Love the rooms! The extra lounge space is perfect for all your friends! Love the extra vanity table in the bathroom. The check in desk to the room is relatively close, so that is a plus! Also, Palazzo is connected to The Venetian and is in the central main area of the Strip. Will definitely stay here again!
5	Palazzo apparently is Italian for "building" or "palace. It's much closer to the later. It's the 3rd Italianesque hotel behind Bellagio and Venetian. First of all it's an all suite hotel, so no rooms, just varying degrees of lavishness. I've stayed here 3 times in the 700+ sqf Bella Suite, 1900+ sqf Lago Suite and the 1200+ sqf Siena Suite. Some things that they all have in common is the pretty high thread count sheets, L shaped sofa sleeper, 3 tv's, double doors to bathrooms, marble entryways, in room safe, ottoman, sunk in living room. It's a very cozy and lavish stay no matter what suite you get. I found the walls to be slightly better insulated to sound than many hotels in Vegas. These rooms are great for entertaining people as you pre-party before you go out. For the price you get quite a bit of square footage and I've had 6 guys sleeping in the Siena after a night out. I wish they offered Kings for all beds instead of queens in the Bella. Touch button curtains, fast valet parking. There were a few things I wasn't impressed with. The ease of getting from room to casino floor was a bit longer than I'd like and the elevators don't drop you right in the middle of the action. If you're trying to get more than a few people to meet up with people at another hotel I'd give it a few extra minutes. Regardless of how pretty the decorations are in the lobby take me to the games, the limit's were a bit high for my taste and the restaurants food not as intriguing as more established hotels, but aside from it's lavish amenities there was no one draw to it except it's nightclub Lavo. The pool is very nice, but doesn't quite have the location or orientation of other larger pools on the strip. Back to Lavo, it's a roman bath house themed club. To be honest with you I prefer the smaller venue because places like Tryst and TAO tend to be crowded and DJ's tend to drown the crowd in sound rather than really care about what's making people like it. The downstairs lounge is great to get away from the noise and have some alone time, maybe blast a cig after a few cocktails, full view of other hotels with shows outside like TI. They may not get the huge DJ's that the larger club's use(typically they get paid per person and with a smaller venue they can't command certain prices), but you know for sure you'll have a good time. Maybe this is a dirty little secret that no one wants me to say, but of the major clubs like Tryst, Tao, Body English, Pure, Jet, Krave, The Bank, Studio 54, Blush, LAX, Pure, Revolution, I Bar, Haze, Tabu, Caramel and the like. I've been to most of these and there are only a few that I haven't seen people having sex somewhere in the club, whether it's in the corner, booth, vip, dance floor, etc. Somewhere, someone is getting it. Maybe it's me and I havne't seen it, but Lavo is one of the few that I find more chill even with the "bath house" theme. So in conclusion I give Palazzo a 5 star rating for comfortable, quiet, lavish sleeping arrangements,  fast valet, great club, good location and great service. I'll definitely be staying here again.
4	Still has that pumped in artificial floral aroma...but that's better than outside.  I don't know why it always smells like an open sewer pipe around the building.  Ever since they first opened it's had that smell.  Maybe it's just me.  Or I hang out in the alleys too much?The extravagance here is undeniable.  Large airy casino.  Big huge suites standard.  Everything is gorgeous.  Love coming through and hanging out here.  But, it does seem too clean...too high maintenance.  After a while I gotta go back to the (just slightly) dirtier Vegas that I enjoy more.They've scaled back on the pai gow tables.  I remember when they first opened, there were around 8 tables open...and I was the only one playing, lol.  Now, it's about 4-5 tables packed with the usual asian crowd next to the baccarat tables...typical $25 mins.  Good vibe here.  I like it.
4	I really quite liked The Palazo. The hotel looks great, the rooms are luxurious and well appointed. My only complaint is with the maintenance of the bathroom, the shower has peeling silicon that looked a little nasty.What I liked about The Palazo though is that while the next door Venetian Hotel felt like half-price day at the neighborhood flea market, The Palazzo still felt relatively quiet. The fitness room is passable, but feels a little stuffy since it doesn't have windows.
5	Stayed here again this past July. This time we had a bigger party and our rooms had a connecting door. We had a great view of the strip and Treasure Island, every night we can view the show at TI frm our room we all had the best time!Again, the service was great for how big the hotel is. Room service was fabulous, they even comped extra food because they forgot some extra  things that went  with my meal. I like how it's on the strip but a little bit further down.
5	I rarely write reviews but I absolutely had to with my beyond wonderful experience in staying at the Palazzo... if you have any doubt with staying here, i am here to assure you that staying here would be a very wise decision..To begin, my girlfriend and I landed at 750 in the morning. Check-In time at the hotel is at 3Pm and we had noted that if it was possible, we would like an early check in.  So before leaving the airport, we called the front desk and they advised us that early check in was available.. WOWWWW!! at 8 in the morning.. I'll take it!!! That made a huge difference!!! A huge difference. Both of us are really big on customer service and not once, were we disappointed with any of the staff of the Palazzo. Next.... the rooms!!!!! AMAZING!!! Before stepping two feet into the room, we were already more than pleased.. Great marble floor in the doorway. The bathroom was great!!! First off, it had a double door entrance.  There was a separte shower apart from the deep tub that my girlfriend fell in love with! .. And within the bathroom there was a separate door that lead to the toilet area... In all, great design of the bathroom... Not to mention the LCD tv in the bathroom.. I could take a shower or bath and watch ESPN at the same time.. can't beat it!!!Then off further into the room we have 2 more large LCD tvs.. one in front of the King size bed and one in the living rooom which happened to be sunken in.. Felt like royalty staying in this hotel..Let me not forget to mention that the room had a printer.. Don't know how important that is to you but it was very convenient..The hotel is located in the heart of the strip.. When you go to Vegas, its a must that you do it RIGHT!!!! STAY HERE!!!! Though it doesnt have a buffet, you will be more than pleased with the assortment of shops and restaurants within the hotel.... Lovely design of the hotel.. lovely decorations and all!!! From the hotel room we had a perfect view of the many pools and of the strip.... The shades in the room were remote controlled. If you wanted the room completely dark at 9 am, it could be. The shades were GREAT.. All in all, I would recomment this place to anyone who goes to Vegas... Nice mixture of crowd.. Not full of yuppies and old people or the extremely unruly.. I give the Palazzo 5 stars!!!!!
1	This used to be my favorite casino until now.  They used to reward their players (Grazie Club) with generous comps/offers.  The marketing department has decided that ,since they are doing so well with trade shows and conferences, they no longer need to care about their patrons anymore.  Out goes the offers or comps.   All of their Grazie Club players (Gold and Platinum) are complaining on their Facebook fan page.  No one has received any offers for this year.  Numerous phone calls to them have gotten the same lame canned excuses/answers.  Shame on you Palazzo/Venetian.  You advertise and  encourage people to join the Grazie club and play to become Gold and Platinum for special offers and comps.  It's all lies.   Take your business elsewhere like Wynn or MGM.  They are still rewarding their players.  Bye bye Palazzo/Venetian.
4	Lovely hotel. I've stayed here 3x, each time with a large posse of girls.The suites can easily accommodate up to 10 (I would know), they are so large, spacious and lux. Beds and couches are all super comfortable; even the carpet is super plush (super soothing on aching feet after a night of dancing in 4+" heels). Only thing about so many girls staying in one room together is: only one bathroom! But thankfully the actual toilet has a separate door, which makes it a tiny bit easier for everyone to get ready. If I could stay here every time I visit Vegas, I would.
3	Talk about luxury ....this hotel set the standard. The rooms are just beautiful....HUGE ....bathroom is an oasis ....three tvs in the suite....clean ...just overall a nice hotel that makes you want to stay in it. The cleaning staff was very attentive and professional. I found the maze between the hotel, casino, venetian a bit nerve wrecking at first....IT took me a while to figure out HOW to get outta the hotel. The rooms are stocked with everything you could need in terms of liquor and spirits however they'll get you with the sky rocketing price....ooh yes and the frig is weighted so if you pick up a bottle of vodka to look at it and its not returned within a few seconds, it triggers teh front desk to charge ya....They also enticed you with snacks, candy etc. which ran about$7 to 9 bucks....we're not talking about the movie theatre size ....must smaller than that. I ate at a few places in the hotel....DelMonico's and so burger joint....food was not worthy of the price. Though I accompanied my teenage kids to the gym, they were not allowed to use it due to a 18 yrs or older policy ....found this foul considering they were paying patrons of the hotel. Would I stay here again....its possible considering the great deal we got on the rooms and the enormous hotel room size.
4	My second home. You have to get the view suites otherwise its no good. If you love steak like i do then this casino has one of the best steaks ive ever had. I cook better steaks then most places but hands down to Carnevino. Not much of a gambler so dont have much to say about the tables.
4	NICE HOTEL ..BUT ..THE WORSE ROOM SERVICE BREAKFAST I EVER HAD ..i will recomend  this hotel to my family and friend its nice and beautiful rooms and nice suite prices .. but if you stay here DO NOT order room service ..its not worth it at all ..you been told .
4	Amazing hotel!!! Suites blew me away. Beds could've been a bit moreComfortable. Staff was amazingly friendly. Id stay here again in a heartbeat!
3	Extravagant hotel and casino that is connected to the Venetian.  Great high-end shopping; has all the major designers you can think of.  Nice casino, but the craps tables were not as nice as the Bellag.  Plus one of the craps dealers (?) was not very friendly and looked extremely depressed.  Kind of a let down when you are trying to have a good time.  Come here for the high end shopping after you've won a lot of Benjamins.
4	Staying here was great. Check-in was a breeze, there's plenty of parking, it's new, it's pretty.We got a 2 queen bed suite on the 20th floor for $199 a night. I think normally its around $300. Definitely check the Vegas thread on fatwallet.com or slickdeals.net before you do anything in Vegas!Got charged tax, around $20 bucks, and the resort fee, which was $16, per night.Resort fee includes Wi-Fi in your suite, which is great.The suite was nice - 3 TVs, 2 queen size beds, a lounge area, iron, hair dryer, big bathroom with no locks, an L-couch with a pull out bed. You can sleep 7 people here comfortable (2 in each bed, 2 on the pull out, and one on the extra arm of the sofa). Another good thing is, you can check out from the TV.Weird things were:No fan in the toilet room. A weird toiletry brand from China that no one has heard of.When you first drive in, a guy will stop you and ask if you are checking-in or self-parking. Just say you are self-parking so you don't deal with the hassle of valet parking.
4	The Palazzo is fantastic. Stunning is aesthetic, and I've had great customer service experiences during both of my visits. The room I had (might have been called a suite) had two queen size beds and a pullout sofa - slept up to 6. Spacious, multiple TVs, area for laptop. We actually watched the super bowl from our rooms because we were so comfortable.
2	CON: I was very disappointed. I guess it is because all my friends told me that Palazzo was better than Venetian. I prefer Venetian suites SOOOOO much more!!! I love the smell of Venetian and Palazzo just smells like FART all the time. I did not like the selection of tables on the gambling floor. The lighting in the suite was very dim. The drawers from the dresser falls onto your feet. The shower was not strong enough. The toliet was reflushing by itself. The place pretty much sucks. If Venetian is offering the same price for suites go for Venetian. TRUST ME! Even the soap, conditioner, and lotion are better from Venetian. If I remember correctly, the crowd at the Venetian Suites has more class too. A girl from our hall screamed STFU down the hall and then slammed her door... uhhh WTF?PRO: It is very easy to get in and out of the hotel. They have Grand Lux Cafe. Free entry to TAO when you are on guestlist.
4	The rooms are amazing! It's big and comes with a L shaped sofa! It felt comfortable, really a home away from home type.  3 tvs and one in the bathroom! I love that!Also the bathroom was amazing. Marble tile floors and it was so spacious! The lights are different here.  It makes your skin looks soft and glowy. I will def. come back to stay here!
2	I stay at the Prestige Level in the Palazzo for Super Bowl weekend. Our suite was standard. It was clean but I prefer the suites at Bellagio. I watched the game from the Prestige Lounge. It was very comfortable. They served finger foods and had an open bar starting at 5 pm. We had dinner at Zine. What a ripoff. Aside from Bartolatta at Wynn, this was one of the worse meals that I have ever had in Las Vegas. We paid $140 for dried out chicken, very very standard beef with veggies and mai po tofu that was terrible. I understand prices are inflated in Vegas but comon, $140 for these three dishes is robbery! The people that stay at Palazzo are definitely not as high class as those at Bellagio or Wynn. Overall, my stay was okay. I really liked having access to the Prestige Lounge but I doubt I will stay here again.
5	HUGE!I stayed here on my latest trip. I flew in at 10:30 and was able to check into my room after I arrived (yay!):: Space ::Super spacious. I had a venezia 1 king bed suite all to my self. The vast sunken living room went unused beyond me walking around. Plenty of space around the bed for me to strut about, figuring out which outfit to wear:: Bathroom ::Bathroom was huge with dual sinks. Tub, shower stall, and enclosed toilet. There was also a scale for those daring enough to weigh themselves (before and after can make you sad):: Decor ::Its very elegant like Venetian, but more contemporary/modern and less gaudy. As a friend and fellow yelper stated, "its muted".Very spacious for your money's worth. This is where you want to stay with a family or group of friendsTIP: close your blinds before you head out at night. Your hangover will thank you in the morning.
4	Palazzo was awesome :Dthe suites are nicely sized & well designed/laid outfront desk/concierge were helpfulthe hotel makes you feel good & welcomehas its own casino as well - better than the one in the Venetian :)This is what all hotels should be like I docked off a star because the shower water pressure was rather weak (that's the only 'bad' thing I can think of) and it is kind of far from the center of the strip so you have to walk quite a bit to get to the other sidesI'm not a kid-friendly person (I hate it when kids are running around, banging on things making loud noises, etc.) and I did not have any issues with such problems here even though they don't 'ban' kids from the hotel like Bellagio does
5	If you have a special event to celebrate and are planning to do it in Las Vegas, consider staying at the Palazzo!For me, it was my 60th birthday and my wife and I had made reservations at the Venetian hotel for a 3-day stay. When we arrived, we requested a room with a view and the clerk suggested upgrading to a room with a view of the Strip for an extra $45 per day. So, what the hell, we did! I'm only going to be 60 once, right? Oh, and the upgraded room happened to be in the Venetian's new boutique hotel within a hotel, called the Palazzo.Let me start by saying that the Venetian hotel is absolutely beautiful and the Palazzo hotel was reachable by just a short walk through the Venetian hotel/casino itself.  But, let's face it, the Palazzo is newer and it is "special". Everything about the Palazzo was so tastefully done! From the gorgeous rugs, to the beautiful marble floors and walls, to the lights, everywhere you looked, it was stunning!And the suite we rented blew us away. It was huge. I think it was around 720 square feet, according to the spec sheet. A king size bed, beautiful bathroom, a separate living room, and 3 TVs (yep, there was a flat screen TV in the bathroom!). The linen (according to my wife, who knows such things), was exquisite - all I know is they felt good to the touch. And the view - wow! We were on the 48th floor overlooking the Strip and it looked great - and different - morning, afternoon and evening. If you wanted to get a great view of Vegas at night, our suite was the place to be. The Palazzo is also in a great location. Across the boulevard is Treasure Island and the Wynn is across another street. The Mirage, Harrah's, Ceasar's, all the way down to Bellagio, is not far and can be walked with no problem. Of course, when you add in all the walking you do in every casino, you could end up with blosters before you are done, which is what happened to us - but that is hard to avoid (note to self - next time bring mole skin).I read a number of complaints about the beds being too hard at the Palazzo, and my wife and I agree that the beds were very firm, but we both slept comfortably, with no pains, other than our feet.I should also say that we were both surprised by how quiet the hotel was. If it weren't for the rare occasion when someone slammed a door, we'd have felt we were the only people in the hotel! And for being on the 48th floor, the elevators were amazingly fast. Even on Friday night, when the hotel started really filling up, the wait for an elevator was very short.All in all, we really had a great time at the Palazzo and definitely recommend it for a special occasion visit to Las Vegas.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!  The rooms are awesome, my views from high floors and lowers floors are always stunning.  The rooms are always clean, they don't smell of smoke at all except when you start smoking in the smoking rooms of course.  The regular rooms are so spacious and comfortable even with a regular room, sleeps 4  comfortably with a king bed and pull out sofabed, a room with 2 beds sleeps 6!  They have a tv in the bathroom, one in front of the bed and another in the sitting area. I love the decor and colors used in this hotel.  I can't seem to stay anywhere else when it comes to hotel choice.
5	The Palazzo is worth the extra price...it's spacious, clean, and well-laid out.  Check in was very efficient, and when I mentioned wanting to hit the club that night, the person checking me in called concierge to put me on the VIP list...nice touch.  The room was pimp!  This would be a great suite to entertain before going out: the sitting area is big and comfy.  My only complaint was when ordering room service.  I stayed on hold for over 15 minutes before calling the front desk and having them order for me.  The food arrived 10 minutes later and was delicious.I'll be back!!
4	The Palazzo knows how to do it right. It is a wonderful hotel. Amazing.The rooms are spacious. The bathrooms in the rooms are spacious. The casino is spacious. The hotel itself is spacious. Being on the 41st was nice. The view of the strip is fantastic. It is also nice to be able to see theTreasure Island show from across. It may be quite a walk to the middle of the strip, but you can walk nearby to Harrahs and use the monorail! I don't want to repeat other fellow Yelpers positive experience (because it's all true) but you should make an effort to stay at The Palazzo when in Vegas. Even though I'm fond of The Palazzo, here are some negatives to watch out for:- I was disappointed with the shower water pressure. Not strong enough. - There isn't a vent in the bathroom. - Mini fridge... Really?!, I'll get charge for taking the drinks out? So unless your going to drink the drinks in there, I wouldn't take it out. - Room service lags  when picking up food carts in the hallway. Having to walk pass 1 day old food in the hall is not fancy at all.  - My friend received a  special bouquet of flowers and roses. Front desk kindly left a message regarding the special delivery.  When my friend called front desk for it, they told her she didn't have any special package waiting for her. But then when she went to front desk later that night to ask for it again, they magically found her bouquet of flowers and roses...Hmmm, shady, right?! But despite the mishaps and all, I'm a fan of The Palazzo and it is definitely better than other hotels in Vegas.
4	I've always stayed at the Venetian or Venezia tower. This weekend was my first time at Palazzo. The room was gorgeous, just like Venetian. We packed 6 girls in one room. Needless to say, it was like a tornado. The bathroom was a disaster. However, I'm sure these hotel cleaning ladies have seen worse. The hotel itself is gorgeous. Very upscale and has a ton of great shops and restaurants. My friends had a great time at LAVO the first night (I was only there for the second night). I also liked the cocktail waitress' attire, not skanky like other casinos. The Laguna Champagne Bar in the casino was really cool too. They had awesome fruity champagnes. We dined a few times at the Grand Lux Cafe. The staff was really nice, but the food was mediocre. Overall, I would stay here again.
5	Checking In:I checked in at 2:30am on Saturday morning of the Presidents' Day weekend, but Vegas seemed relatively slow overall since it's still the cold season.  Tried the $20 trick and got offered an upgrade a Luxury Suite with a strip view (from a Luxury Suite without one I think?).  Honestly, I'm not entirely sure we got an upgrade but the Palazzo is such a nice hotel that it really didn't matter.  We were moved to the 38th floor with a view of the strip.  The guy asked me if I wanted change for the tip and I declined.  The skeptic in me wonders if the trick actually worked as I'm not sure what the alternative would have been, but I'll just say that ignorance is bliss because I was totally satisfied with our 38th floor, strip view room.The Room:I don't know how much say that would help anymore than has been said already.  Check the website for the room tours.  I will say that we comfortably slept four people in our room with one king.  For non-sleeping purposes, we hosted a 15 person pre-party before the club and everyone was comfortable.  Our room did not have anywhere to hook up an iPod or mp3 player.  Apparently some have them, ours didn't and that was a minor disappointment as it seems like that's a fairly basic amenity these days, but not a big deal.The Casino:I honestly didn't gamble much here but early morning (4am on Saturday) three of us talked an open craps table to lower the minimum for a few new players and the staff was exceedingly nice in helping us learn how to bet in order to get the best odds.  No beginner's luck for me unfortunately but it was still very nice (and profitable) of them to lower the minimum bets and teach us how to play.The Environmentalism:The hotel is LEED Silver Certified which means a lot to me as a LEED AP.  Basically this means that the hotel has gone above and beyond in construction and operation in terms of material, water, and energy efficiency.  I honestly didn't notice anything groundbreaking in my room outside of the master off switch at the door, but I suppose that makes it all the more impressive that the accommodations are just as luxurious while being environmentally responsible.  The Verdict:I'm sold.  The basic suite seems like overkill for just one or two people unless you are planning on entertaining a group.  But if I am bringing 4-6 people or hosting a pre-party, the Palazzo is going to be my new go-to hotel in Vegas.
4	I stayed at The Palazzo during the grand opening in 2008 when the rooms were dirt cheap and everything was brand spankin' new. The all-suite hotel has rendered quite a reputation since then. It's managed to outshine it's sister hotel, The Venetian. Whenever I hear about large groups of friends planning a trip out to Vegas, the main place to stay at is The Palazzo. The rooms are spacious, can fit 6-8 comfortably, and is centralized by the hottest places to be on the strip. Perhaps we got the "grand opening kinks", but hopefully they've worked out the low-pressured shower heads. I still have to wonder why our room wasn't given a tub.Fine dining accommodations include famous chefs such as Mario Batali, Wolfgang Puck, and Emeril Lagasse. However, if you're looking for a scrumptious meal without having to throw down a big one, a more casual venue like First Food & Bar or Grand Lux Cafe may be more suitable. My favorite part of this hotel has got to be the pool. Dip yourself and even dip your lounge chair. Stay cool under the scorching desert heat by laying out half way submerged into the pool while the other half of your body gets sun-kissed. It's a great concept, but good luck finding an empty seat on a summer day. Only the classiest of the classy stay at Palazzo.
4	It is a great hotel in a great location. The selling point has the be the bonus living space and the perks of the club level. Of course all those upgrades make the rooms north of $200 bucks a night. OHHH and add a $17 night RESORT FEE! Good for a special night or occasion.Jamie
5	I have only been to Vegas three times...first time I stayed at the Stratosphere, second at Venetian, and third at the Palazzo.  Needless to say, the Palazzo is my favorite.   Stayed in a standard Bella Suite.  Palazzo is a swankier, sexier, and younger sister of the Venetian, Palazzo boasts huge rooms, beautiful bathrooms, and excellent accomodations.   The rooms are everything you would expect of las vegas.  The hotel is connected to the Venetian, about a 5 minutes walk.  The casinos here are a little more expensive, $25 mininum per hand for Pai Gow. :(  A little too much for the little gambler in me.  I always try to stay at different hotels when traveling, but I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.
5	This is home.  This is the place where I go when I need to just be alone, enjoy some peace and quiet, a comfortable bed, a big tub, a great spa, all my favorite slots, good restaurants and good customer service.  Spacious rooms like the Venetian, but with a quieter atmosphere.  I can register no complaint with the Palazzo, as they have treated me well consistently and given me many nights of happiness and freedom.
4	LOVELY SUITES! beautiful bathrooms with a makeup table, 2 sinks, separate toilet room, bathtub & shower (although the bathroom doesn't lock so make sure ppl know its occupied!)2 queen sized beds in the upper area, a sunken living room (each level  with its own TV)friendly CRAPS DEALERS who taught me how to win $55 dollars haha but thats NOTHING in vegasNOTE: if you look too young, as I do, and are sick of getting carded in the casino, go to the security desk and ask for a wristband so you don't need to take your ID out a bajillion times!Location of one of the GRAND LUX CAFEs which is perfect for late night munchies!3 sets of elevators to access the rooms meant for 3 different number sets of floors = MORE EFFICIENT foot traffic!EASY ACCESS to the Wynn if you want to go to XS & Venetian for BOUCHON BAKERYoverall, I am very pleased!
5	Still love this hotel. Its not as busy as the Venetian, and much easier to get to your rooms. It was a last minute trip last weekend and most of the nice hotels were either sold out or over $200 a night. I double checked my e-mails for my Grazie e-mail and got a room for $160. You can get on the Hotel Guest List for LAVO which for us got us in for free, and the wife got a free drink til 11pm wrist band.Beware of the parking lot because i could not for the life of me figure out how to get on the lower level of the parking structure if you enter through the las vegas blvd. I recommend entering through the spring mtn road/sand ave. entrance and there's plenty of parking down on level 2 and 3.
4	I come to Vegas about six times a year.  Two times a year we stay for a WHOLE week.  But every time we stay at the Palazzo.  The casino is clean and the air is well circulated.  None of that smokey air as soon as you step into the casino.  The hotel smells like flowers! I get excited every time i arrive and check in.Their comps are really good.  We have tried other casinos ( wynn/encore).  The Palazzo will give you a good casino rate for the rooms if you open up a players card.  Log in a couple hours of BJ and you'll get something comped.  Shopping shopping shopping!!! A up scale shopping mall is right on the second floor. :) Louboutin, Jimmy Choo, Tory Burch, DVF, did i mention LOUBOUTINS!!! haha My fav store with my fav sales manager :) Go there!Room service at the Palazzo is 5 star dinning in your PJs.  Food is delicious and pretty fast.  If you dont want room service walk over to the Venetian. (attached to Palazzo )  They have Noodles Asia.  Open til i think 3 in the am!!!  Authentic chinese food.  YUM-MYRoomy rooms, good smelling air, great shopping, awesome location for the hottest clubs (XS, Surrender, Tao), Yummy food...i love this second home in Vegas :)
5	Pretty classy place, The Palazzo. You get all of the great amenities that you would get if you were to stay at The Venetian or Bellagio, but for a better price and with a less-crowded environment.  The rooms themselves are absolutely lovely. The views are gorgeous. The staff is great. The location is ideal. Perfect.
4	We prefer the Palazzo to the Venetian.  Its a bit more staid, and upscale, and the clientele seems to be a bit more refined.  The casino isn't as crowded as the venetian, and it just seems to have a better, more classic "feel" to it.  Great restaurants, and promotions as well.The rooms are just like the Venetian, just newer (on the whole).One of our favorite places to stay in Vegas.  Great location on the strip, as well.  Huge pool(s).  Great people watching.Of late the promotions have really scaled back...  Vegas must not be hurting anymore!
5	I stayed at The Palazzo for my birthday and loved every aspect of it. They upgraded my room to a top floor suite without me even mentioning my birthday, I wasn't expecting any type of upgrade and was really impressed with how proactive they were with their service. The view from my suite was incredible, the entire Strip is there for the taking. The suites here are excellent, definitely a step up from the Venetian. The bed in my suite was insanely comfortable, if it wasn't in Vegas you would never want to leave it. The sunken living room is a great place to pre-party before you hit the strip, and you can always crash on the wrap around couch if you have too much to drink. The Palazzo is easily one of the best hotels on the Strip.
5	Ah, The Palazzo. Stayed here four times in 2010 and every time was great. I had one slight complaint once at the Venetian in 2009 and since then Palazzo/Venetian have been very good to me and I can rarely beat the great room rates I get as a  Grazie member.The rooms are definitely the biggest you can find in Vegas for the price. If you're going with friends you can even request two queen beds (if you're lucky at no extra charge) and the rooms have a pullout couch in the living area -- that's six people you can fit in a room! Showers and bathroom are great. The rooms also feel new and fresh, unlike some of the older luxury resorts.Staff is friendly and the casino grounds and facilities are all kept very clean. Really hard to beat.Downsides:Resort fees -- however, if you go to the gym and use the wifi it pays for itself. Location - it's a little North of the strip casinos and it's a bit of a walk down to CityCenter, (I'd say a little under 2 mi). If you don't mind walking or taking a cab it's not a big deal at all.
5	Booked another hotel room here since the first time I stayed here, I was really satisfied. I originally didn't book a room with a view so after I checked in and got to my room. They had given us one with a view! We were facing directly at Treasure Island's pirate show which was really cool. The room was clean and the housekeepers did a good job changing the seats and everything. I love the fact that this connect to the Venetian so I'm close to couple great restaurants like Bouchon, Grand Lux, and etc. It is pretty centralized (at least around the nicer hotels/casinos).
3	The "sister" property to the Venetian, the Palazzo has many of the same amenities that you come to expect. All rooms are suites. . . large sprawling rooms with 3 flat screen TV's, a separate sunken living room with a sofa sectional (doubles as a sleeper), desk and table, and a bed with tons of pillows and comfy linens. My favorite feature? Don't laugh but they have motorized curtains that allow you to lay in bed and via remote control open the draperies and raise and lower the Roman shade. (yeah . . .sometimes it's the little things!) Room service is expensive (what isn't in Vegas?) and when they have a large group in the hotel- wait times can be over an hour and a half so plan accordingly. On three of the mornings I was here- the wait time was over an hour and the woman on the phone actually tried to talk me out of ordering . . . .and that wait was for cold cereal and a pot of coffee . . nothing even needed to be cooked! I know the goal of every hotel is to get you out of the room and into the casino but my wish was to have some basic amenities included. A coffee pot would have been nice so that I didn't have to pay $26 for a pot each morning or get my bed weary body up and down in the casino to wait in line for a cup of "joe". Also-they charge $12.95 for Internet which also makes me nuts. Finally- I don't know if it was just "off season" or what- but service at the pool area is pretty non existent. Only one of the 4 days I was there was I able to find a server.   And just when I was settling in- the server came by to tell me it was "last call". At 4pm? I get that they wanted to close the pool- but there were plenty of people out there worthy of keeping the pool open at least until the sun went down. The room rates are on par with other nice hotel in Vegas- (we had a group rate of around $188 but the normal price is usually around $250). Check your reservation before going so that you know which Tower your room is in (Venetian or Palazzo) for if you check in at the wrong Tower- you will have quite the hike to get to your room. Hotels, for me, are all about the level of service you receive. The Palazzo, does okay as it is certainly functional- but the beauty of the hotel sets you up for a bit of a let down. After all- how could some place that look so nice, stumble in so many basic service areas?
2	The staff is extremely friendly. Their suites are spacious and well worth the price especially if you're planning a ladies outing or with the family. This was my fourth trip to Vegas and one of my top two suites.  There are three televisions (bathroom, bedroom and living room). Vanity, walk-in closet, sitting area. I joked with my mom and told her that mysuite was larger than my 1200 square feet one bedroom but its the truth. The casino wasn't overcrowded, they had nice shoppes and a nice selection of restaurants for the most part. Just DO NOT eat at The Cut....The food was phenomenal but the waiter informed one of my guests (European male) of that gratuity was not included, which did not rub me the right way and I expressed myself accordingly. Please do not assume that all Europeans do not tip because he is quite wealthy. I would have scored them a 4.5 but my experience at The Cut took the taste from out of my mouth.
4	It is a lovely property...probably one of the best on the Strip. The shops are fun to browse (la-la-la love window shopping at Annie Creamcheese...no way I could afford it...the monkeys needs come first) and stopping in to say hi to Amber at Double Helix wine bar (all these places are located on the level above the casino). The dining options are top notch (yay Sushi Samba!) and i've heard the rooms are wonderful. The only reason its getting 4 stars instead of 5 is that the architects made it quite difficult and confusing for a guest to travel between the Palazzo and their sister property, the Venetian (every time I go there...I inevitably have to tell 4 or 5 people how to get to the Venetian side, the Wynn or just how to get outside) . Just put up some idiot-proof signs and you have 5 stars in my book.
4	A few years back, this used to be the in place to stay. Today, it's not THE absolute place to be, but its still pretty decent. Not to mention they used to pretty much give comps away.The rooms are all suite, so while the rooms might be typically  more on the pricey side, it becomes worth it if you're splitting it between friends. Rooms are furnished with good quality beds and materials, but you'll see better at other newer hotels. The couch doubles as a pullout bed that is surprisingly comfortble. Some of the furniture in the rooms also look a bit weathered now, but you should come to expect that from a Vegas hotel a few years old. Staff has always been nice and courteous. My last trip was rough, we didn't check out until 2 pm, and they waived us the late fee. That was definitely appreciated.As far as things to do and places to eat. Lavo is nice, but a little on the low key side. Since Palazzo and Venetian are connected properties, you also have Tao, which I hate. The pools at both properties are nice, Palazzo's are on the chill side, but at Venetian you have the music blaring, fist pumping, juice head infested Tao beach. There are better pool parties to be had. Grand Lux is always a winner, but only the Venetian one is only one of the two that is open 24 hours. Palazzo and Venetian still have a special place in my heart because of all the insane times I've had at these places. Nowadays though, you can find nicer alternatives at other newer hotels.  If you're spitting a room between 4+ people though, this might be the best alternative for you.
3	The rooms are well covered here.  The bathrooms are large as well with showers that dribble water - all expected. The big issue here for me was room service - 90 min waits were the norm - and trays - and I do  mean lots of trays - stack up in the hall ways - Saturday morning trays were not taken away until Sunday morning.  Front desk is quick - Paid top dollar for no view rooms......  Several other properties I'll try next at the City Center.
3	First off I'll start with the suite that we stayed in, which was the Luxury suite. The suite was really nice and large. There were three different TV's as well. One that was located in front of the bed, one in the lower living room area, and one that was in the bathroom as well. The room came with one King sized bed, a couch (with a pull out bed), a desk, and a table. Overall, there was plenty of room with four people staying in the room. The bathroom was really nice and there is an area where you can sit and get ready, and there also twin sinks. Inside the bathroom there is also a shower and a bathtub. Inside the bathroom there is another door which leads to the toilet, so it's separated from everything. One thing about the bathroom though is that there are no locks. There are no locks on the door to toilet bathroom door, as well as the door that opens up to the bathroom. One of the bad things about the bathroom is that there is no separate from the shower/bathtub and the sinks. So if someone is showering you can't go in and use the sinks or the toilet.The overall ambiance of the casino and hotel was very nice though. The room and casino were clean and bright. There are beautiful butterfly and flower arrangements when you enter the hotel. The hotel also consists of very large ceilings which adds to the appeal. The hotels is also very conveniently located in the strip. There is a Walgreens right outside the Palazzo, and there is a shopping area right across the street with an ample amount of stores. Many other hotels are also within walking distance for those who watch to explore the strip.While at our stay we stopped by the pool. The Palazzo consists of three different pools, and you also have access to the swimming pools at the Venetian. While at the pool you have a view of the hotel building, and the Wynn hotel. There is also a swimming pool that is more kid friendly, which is a little more noisy, and a adult pool which is more calm and quiet.There were many personal aspects of the hotel that turned me off. The first being an incident that my friend had with the bell hop where the taxis drop passengers off. My friends and I were simply just trying to figure out how to get to the sidewalk, so we could walk on the strip. We then proceeded to ask the bell hop worker. His very first reply to my friend was asking where she was from. My friend kept responding to him. It turns out what the bell hop was really inquiring about was the ethnicity of my friend. Then comes the worst part which was both creepy and racist in my opinion. He flat out told us he was really attracted to people of my friend's ethnicity, and that he is particularly looking for someone of that ethnicity and wanted to bring someone over here so that he could marry them. While all of this is happening, I'm thinking, "shouldn't this guy just simply do his job, and tell us how to get to the sidewalk?" At this point my friends and I were all really uncomfortable.The bell hop then had the nerves to say, "you all must think that I'm creepy now". Finally he decides to tell us how to get to the sidewalk. This was a really appalling incident. This worker should have a better behavior and conduct when approaching customers of the hotel. To make matters worse when we returned to the hotel via taxi, we saw the man again. This time we weren't going to waste our time on him, so we instantly went into the hotel when we got out. However, as we were leaving the bell hop had to make a comment. He said, "aren't you ladies the one that I saw earlier, why do you all look so sober, and where is your friend that I saw earlier". It's one thing to make his comment the first time, but SERIOUSLY to do it TWICE! It's just completely unnecessary.The second incident happened with a cocktail waitress while I was gambling in the casino of the Palazzo. I was playing on the slot machine with my friend when the cocktail waitress asked for our drinks. As she was walking away I told my friend that I would put a dollar in the machine that I was playing with to see how things went. At this point my friend and I have already been playing a fair amount of money of the machines. The cocktail waitress came back with a really rude attitude and and said that if I was only playing a dollar then I wouldn't be able to get my drink, because it's a 25 dollar minimum. I understand that she had to make sure because it's her job, but she could have been a little nicer about it.The third thing is that it took about 12 hour total until we got the extra towels that we called in for. We called about 4-5 times for extra towels, but we didn't get them till about 2:30 a.m. after waiting 45 minutes for them to come. Overall, the Palazzo is a nice hotel in terms of the amenities, ambiance, cleanliness, and quality of their rooms. However, there are certain aspects of my stay that I didn't enjoy at all. I would come back to stay, but I am also curious to explore other hotels in Vegas.
4	The Palazzo is a very nice, luxurious hotel that continues the trend of upscale, all-suite properties in Vegas. The rooms, therefore, are especially spacious with lots of bells and whistles (3 TVs in a standard suite, for example). And right now, they are offering GREAT deals (as low as $169/night during March Madness).Beware, however, of the upgrade option when you check into the hotel. We were offered a $125/night opportunity to upgrade to a much larger, even more luxurious suite upon check-in. We passed just because we didn't need it and preferred to spend that money elsewhere. The reservationist then decided to "kindly" offer us the upgrade for free. We just had to wait for the room.Well, when we were called to get the keys for our room, the upgrade was revoked. Turns out, these folks do not actually have the authority to offer such perks. So we had our hopes up for nothing, and then felt kinda duped. Worse, there was no real apology or explanation - just an attempt to get us outta there as quickly as possible.This amateur experience aside, the hotel is lovely with a lot of great restaurants and of course the shops! This is the west coast flagship Barney's, people! So get your wallets ready.
5	Stayed here 2 nights with four other guys for a bachelor's party. The suite had 2 double beds (w/ posturepedic bed, comforters, soft pillows) and a L shaped couch with pull out bed. 3 flat screen TVs in the suite: 1 for the 2 double beds, 1 for the couch, and 1 in the room-sized bathroom with full bath and shower. Very nice interior design. The location is great too, across the street from Wynn, Treasure Island, and the Fashion Mall which are all connected by sky bridges. On the 3rd floor is their Canyon Spa Resort which has full features including hot tub, steam rooms, saunas, massages, etc. Many high end restaurants in the hotel.
2	The room is expensive, and the service is so-so.The room service didn't make the room, and the room service soup was overly salty.Been to Vegas MANY times, and have stayed here a couple of times.  The casino itself is nice, but they could definitely improve their room service.
2	Have you ever wanted to feel like you did not belong and be ashamed of the tax bracket you fell into? If you answered yes, you would love this mall. Or, maybe, you fall into the more affluent class and this is the place to be. Either way, a regular Joe like myself does not feel comfortable strolling around.  I am always looking for an excuse to pretend that I am fancy, but there is no point in pretending here. I went to the Palazzo on one of our walking adventures of the Strip. This was my first time coming here and I was astonished by menu prices at restaurants. I probably stepped into three stores at most while walking through the mall as well. I was too intimidated to enter the clothing stores. It was a nice leisurely activity to stroll around, but I cannot say that I will be frequenting this mall.
5	Everytime i come to vegas I stay here basically, can be pricey but the its well worth it, the hotel offers so much to you during your stay. the rooms are beatiful the bathroom is huge the decor is classy. If you get the right room you can watch the TI pirate show from your room, I mean everywhere you look its so beautiful if you have the money stay here.
3	Being a 20-something year old club frequenter, checking in at 6PM is not too shabby of an idea, NO LINES. The person who took care of us at the front desk was extremely nice and made sure we got the room that we requested. I booked my room through American Express Travel and they offered a Complimentary Venezia Bella Suite upgrade upon booking the room, so I took advantage of that. Unfortunately, the front desk told me that I had reserved a regular suite with ONE king bed. I was almost fearful that we had to cram ten people into a smaller suite than anticipated. Fortunately, I explained the situation with the front desk and he gladly gave us the room I requested.Security are always present at the elevator entrances. 43rd floor, baby! We pretty much overlooked the TI Sirens show and Treasure Island itself. Amazing view. The room is a little bit run down. Coaches are weathered and some of our mirrors were missing decorations. The L-shaped couch fold out in the sunken living room was a twin size. Two-queen beds, really comfy. You can fit either two large men or three tiny girls into each bed. Three tvs located in: the bedroom, sunken living room and bathroom. Separate toilet. Dual sinks. Shower. Tub. Grand Lux Cafe is only open until 2 or 3AM depending on days, but the one at the Venetian is open 24hrs. However, no fried pickles at 3AM ):Another upside, they have plenty of pools since they are also connected to the Venetian. I believe you get access to both since their sister hotels. So applies to the nightlife, Lavo at the Palazzo and TAO at the Venetian.Overall, beautiful hotel, but I was a little let down considering I have wanted to stay here for a long time. Might I suggest Planet Hollywood Towers?
4	The room: huge.The WiFi: slow.The location: good.The room service: decent.The wallpaper: peeling.The bed: comfortable.The sheets: scratchy.The staff: smiling with clenched teeth.The sofa: (semen?) stained.
5	Being that I somehow got to a comp'ed room status with this place (not exactly sure how that happened!  Economy?) I'm basically theirs for life.  I first started staying here because of my ex, who'd bring me along for conferences and such.  I'd tan and shoot dice and pump slots while he did his thing.  Apparently players club cards are truly worth the 5 minutes!!  I hit a couple of good wins and I've been getting great deals here ever since - sometimes free!The rooms (suites) are enormous and lush.  Rock star.  Big enough for a small party before you hit the town.  Big enough to live in for days on end... which I've done.  In this price bracket, Palazzo makes perfect sense.  It's hard to justify anything else with the exception of the Encore, perhaps.The restaurant selection is killer.  There are about 7 pools which are shared with the Venetian hotel.  There's an easy bridge to the Wynn.  The club (LAVO) isn't bad.  Tons of shopping and sites, of course.  I think it's overly perfumed - only gripe.  Returning soon!
3	It's one of the nicer hotel on the strip.  But I have to take off one star for the following reasons:1) I asked my room not to be cleaned but they did so anyway when I came back.  That's fine but the next morning, housekeeping knocked on my door at 9:30am and immediately try to come in before I even got a chance to say there's someone here.  they didn't provide me with one of those "do not disturb" sign to hang on my door but at least they should've checked if someone is in the room before busting in!2) Wi-Fi is included with the extra $17 resort fee they stick you with but won't know about until you check in.  However, they don't tell you that you get wi-fi with your resort fee and there's no explanation anywhere telling you how to get on the internet through their wi-fi.  When you log into their wi-fi, all it states is that it cost $12.95 a day.  You have to make another call to front desk and learn how to get on their wi-fi and to confirm that it is included with the resort fee.3) They tried to charge me $6.00 for the mini bar because their sensor in the fridge said I took something out.  All I did was put a bottle water of mine in the fridge to get it cold.  I didn't take out anything in the fridge.  Why don't they physically check the mini bar before charging someone???  That's how they do it in most hotels.All in all, I'd consider staying here again but with so many options in Vegas, I could go somewhere else.  I never had so many hassles with any other Vegas hotels I stayed in than with this one.  There's also some wear and tear around the room so not sure how they got that AAA Diamond award since I thought to get that, you'd have to be PERFECT!
5	These rooms are just huge.  We booked a regular suite through priceline for $100, when we checked in they upgraded us to an even larger suite because we had an amex card.  That room was so amazing.  It was bigger than some of the places I've lived in.  The living room was huge (seemed like a lot of extra space though), we could have put 50 people in there comfortably.  The view from the room was incredible as well...I will definitely be back.
4	I'm the kind of gal that likes to vacation in Vegas for the variety of options it offers and not because I'm a big gambler.  The Palazzo offers first class service and spacious suites along with a variety of options.Except for a few excursions across the suite, I was never really motivated to leave the resort.  Connected to the Venetian, you get the benefit of two casino resorts without having to spend money on cab fare!  The rooms were so nice that my friends and I commented that we probably lived in apartments smaller than the suites.  For this low-budget gambler, I found that the tables had "affordable" minimum bets and no matter what I felt like I was treated like a high roller by everyone at the hotel.  The bars, spa and shopping are top notch, offering lots of options for every budget while still getting to feel like a high roller.  While it may not be in the center of the strip, I didn't really find a reason to go that far from the resort.I recommend joining Grazie for free and earn points for gambling, room charges and anything that you charge to your room.  You can easily earn loyalty points at both the Palazzo and Venetian, so the points add up quickly!Definitely a top choice for my next trip to Vegas!
4	Very comfy and spacious!  :)  I recently came here with some girlfriends, and thoroughly enjoyed it!  Our suite was quite spacious, with living room area on the side with a large couch.  Awesome!The main minus is that they don't really have that many glasses available in the suite - would have been nice to enjoy some wine with the girls for a pre-party, but oh wells.  We could have bought some plastic cups, but I feel like they should have subtracted one of the three TVs in favor of some wine glasses.Major minus: $12.99 for internet service - what's up with that!?!?! Again, the TV is gratuitous when it's only a mere 5 feet away from another one...can't you just provide free wifi instead?
4	Beautiful rooms, great shops, great location and great service.Hate the pool. Sucks!
4	Great hotel to stay at! Classy in all ways, from the simple yet nicely appointed lobby to the casino floors, the shopping areas, and most importantly, the room. It was an EXTREMELY busy weekend when my friends and I visited this place, and they gave us a smoking room at the Venetian b/c some of us wanted that option. What we didn't know was that the room smelled like an ashtray...so gross, we couldn't fathom sleeping there for two nights. Went back down amid the busyness, but the gentleman who assisted us heard our complaints, talk to his manager, and got us a non-smoking room in the Palazzo. Now, that's some awesome service!The rooms in the Palazzo are WAY more modern than the Venetian rooms. Two nice queen beds with plush pillows and a super comfy couch with an office for you to take care of work if need be. Great accommodations, great price, and excellent service. Yes, Palazzo...no, Planet Hollywood, no more.
5	We got a great deal for our grand room!  Was able to check in super early!  Great service!!!!I think after you stay here you won't want to stay anywhere else.  It's spacious, clean, and beautiful.  Everything we needed was here for our "adult" trip.  We got to go to TAO and watched Phantom, both at the Venetian.  It was such a plus!!!  We stayed at a smoking room and the room did not even have a smokey smell.  Just the hallway. We were the party room!
4	This is the BEST hotel that we stayed so far in Vegas at a affordable price.  They've a special offer so we booked a room there for our anniversary.  All the rooms are Suite so they're roomy which we really like.There is one problem is that they charge the Resort fees of around $17/day if you like it or not.  Their amenities are pretty much the same at other hotels with no additional plus for us to pay the price.  Anyways, I still like the Palazzo but might consider other hotels for our next trip.
5	This was our second time staying here. We originally planned to to stay at the Venitian but we were upgraded to a suite at Palazzo, on the 43rd floor and facing the strip. The wife and I are definitely in love with this hotel. I don't see what some of the complaints are of this place. Our wi-fi was free, fast and easy to get on. The rooms are large and a great deal for the price. It's always great to be in the center of the strip too, it's easy to get to almost anywhere. As long as it's on the strip. The restaurants, bars & clubs are all great in this hotel. I don't swim and I hate going to the pool, but since my wife really wanted to go and didn't want to go alone, I decided to grab my ipad to read by the pool. Even though I'm not a fan of pools in general, I am a fan of this one. In the middle of the day, seats are hard to find but they have numerous pools to choose from. The staff all through out this place is very pleasant and helpful.This place is just straight up classy in all ways...and we love it. The casino's aren't filled with neon lights. There isn't anything that tries to attract customers (i.e. Volcano, Pirate Show, Giant Fountain, etc.), there's not even a buffet, it's just a great place to be.
4	Posh room and huge, yup that's the vegas standard!! Good service and i finally won some money on the ice-ice-baby slot machine.. love that slot, those cute penguin kept dancing to vanilla ice song.. hilarious and entertaining!
4	This may be the 15th- 20th time we've stayed at the Palazzo now and there are no signs signaling a stoppage of activity.  Well, maybe one, they've dramatically cut back on promotions for player card holders.  What can you do?  I guess the economy finally caught up with them.  Speaking of which, did you know you could have bought Sands stock below $2/share a few years back.  Ka-ching!  They're hovering the $50/share level now.  Shoulda, coulda, woulda right.  At least the management here is doing something right to bring forth revenue not expected before.  I always think the more profitable a casino is the higher the level of customer service is given.On a scale of 1 to 10:Front Desk- 8Cocktail Service - 9Housekeeping - 10Bellman - 8Dealers - 7Valet - 8Restaurant personnel (may or may not be related) - 8Theatre/Box Office- 9Sports Book - 6Slot Attendants - 7Security - 7Room Service - 9The Palazzo is definitely a nice place to stay.  All the rooms are suites with tall windows that sometimes offers up a decent view.  We just got unfortunate this time with a mountain view.  The beds seem to be getting worn down, or it's just my particular room this stay, but it still has a comfy feel.  I do miss the old amenities they use to give out.  The soaps, shampoos, conditioners, etc. use to be a very good brand that came from, I think, somewhere in the UK.  Now they have something from China/Hong Kong.  I don't really like the difference even if the new amenities are comparable to the old ones.
5	sooooooooooo PRETTY!!!!!!It's my first time here and I was amazed by the remote-controled blinds!!You can also checkout using the TV!This place was extremely closed to TAO and we didn't have to walk too far after clubbing. Since the walk was really short, we weren't as embarrassed about walking barefoot in the casino...
1	Ok, let's start with the good:1. Spacious and beautifully designed rooms with luxurious-looking decor.  I loved the deep red velvet upholstered settees/benches placed at the ends of the beds.2. Location location location.  The Palazzo is connected to the Venetian and is just a stone's throw away from the Wynn, Encore, and Fashion Show mall, which gives you great access to dining, shopping, etc.  There's also a Walgreens just outside of the entrance so you can shop for basics such as water, toiletries, snacks, etc w/o having to pay an arm and a leg for the hotel's marked up prices.Okay, now let's talk about the VERY BAD:My girls and I booked the Palazzo for my bachelorette party based on all the positive reviews.  There were six of us total and we booked 2 rooms.  We called one week prior to our reservation to request early check in since our flight would be arriving around 11-ish.  Usually, check in is around 3pm.  The reservationist I spoke to over the phone told me that it wouldn't be a problem.When we arrived, however, we were told that only one room would be available and they didn't know when our second room would be ready, but would call us once it was.  We were a little annoyed, but figured we had a least one room to get settled in.  And what a room it was!  At first glance, our room was spacious and lovely.  However, once we got over the amazing decor, we noticed that there was garbage strewn around the room from the previous occupant.  Housekeeping was obviously doing a VERY half-assed job.  Then one of the girls noticed that the bathroom hadn't been cleaned properly, there was a bar of soap left on our countertop with what looked like a pubic hair stuck to it, ew!  And the toiletries (lotion, soap, shampoo, etc.) had not be restocked.  There was also a smear of what looked like pasta sauce across the bedroom wall.  Gross!  And then, one of my girls opened the nightstand drawer and found a ziplock bag full of hypodermic needles and medicine vials.  OMG!  We called the front desk right away and they told us that they would send housekeeping up ASAP.  At this point, we decided to go have lunch and do a little sight-seeing, expecting our room to be properly cleaned when we came back.Several hours later, when we returned, our room was still filthy.  We had dinner to go to and a show to catch so we just crossed our fingers that everything would be tidied up later in the evening.  We got back a little before midnight and our room was still in the same state.  We just ended up having to clean it up ourselves.  Not the greatest way to spend the first night of your bachelorette party.  I decided I would call them in the morning.At around 7:30am, I called the front desk and told them about what happened and how they failed to make a good first impression for me.  The front desk clerk was very apologetic and offered to waive the resort fee as well us upgrade us to higher rooms with better views.  She told us to pack up our things and at a little after noontime, someone would come up to move our luggage to our new rooms.  She said that I would receive a phone call as soon as everything was ready.  That sounded great and I totally took her up on the offer.Unfortunately, by around 3:30pm, I had not received a single call.  We had things to do and places to be and all our stuff was still sitting in our luggage, waiting to be moved to our new rooms.  I decided to call the front desk and ask them what the holdup was.  The front desk clerk I spoke to told me that our rooms HAD been ready for quite some time and asked if I wanted our luggage to be moved up.  Well, yeah!  If the rooms had been ready, what the hell were was everyone waiting around for?  It took another 30 minutes for them to send someone up.Once the bellboy arrived to help us move our luggage, we we took the elevator to our new rooms, which were pretty much the same, except that they were situated higher in the building.  I had expected something a little more luxurious to make up for what had happened up until this point, but oh well, at least it was clean.  While the bellboy was unloading our luggage, I told him that half of the luggage would be going to the other room so he didn't have to unload it all.  He seemed confused.  "Other room?"  Uh oh.  Turns out we only had ONE room prepared for us.  I had to make another irate phone call to the front desk to clear up the problem.  I was civil as I could be, but had obvious grounds to be frustrated.  At one point, the front desk clerk that I was speaking with got loud and hostile with me, her attitude was pretty much: "Well what do you want me to do about it?!"  Well, how about some better customer service?  I wasn't asking for anything except for them to do their jobs correctly.  At this point, I was transferred to her supervisor, who really didn't do any more than apologize and waive some nominal fee off our rooms, like $30 for our entire stay.Terrible.  Wouldn't stay here again.
1	Trying to book a room lastnight close to midnight for my buddy. This piece of crap place cause they can't hire enough people to answer their damn phones. I called there 702 number and waited 45 minutes. Nobody picked up I call from my home number to their 866 number and someone picked up right away. THIS PLACE DOESN'T WANT YOUR BUSINESS because I mention a room rate based off an email from that my buddy gets almost weekly and they don't believe me. She tells me oh we send out over 300 mailers. What kind of customer service is that? She just wanted to us to pay $100 dollars more. I asked about a AAA rate and or Kayak rate. She can't match or give us the rate. In order to get a AAA discount I have to go through AAA to get it. All these inconveniences isn't worth my time and their place is nice BUT, that is the word BUT I can go somewhere else since most of the time I'm at the casino gambling. Then that reservation chick tells me I can't pre-pay on my cc unless I fax my credit card in to authorize it so my buddy can check in without me. That's absurd!! I've never heard that BS before. I book rooms for conferences for co-workers and I don't have to be there to check in with them. Finally she transfer me into a black hole to supposedly the front desk to get this form faxed or emailed to me.  We wait for five minutes and then I call from my cell back to the 702 number and the front desk answers right away. She tells me why did I hang up and I explained that their phone system SUCKS! The front desk chick tells me to tell the Reservation person that I authorize my card to be pre-pay for the room and then transfers me back in the cue. Guess what we wait in that stupid cue for 20 minutes before we attempt to call back on the 866 number which didn't work the second time around. I'm not a high roller and maybe that's the case but I don't need this kind of BS. There is plenty of other HOTELS. This place can shove it in this economy. Word of advise to the owners. If you do send out mailers then add some kind of code cause I had to describe the mailer and it's content to the reservation person which really made me feel like a criminal trying to get the best rate based off of your junk email. Even yelp has a cheaper rate.
3	Classy casino and hotel. I did not stay here, but I played a little bit at the casino while I was waiting for the Blue Man Group show I was attending nearby.It is a little hard to tell the Palazzo and Venetian apart as they are connected to one another. The casino floor is pretty typical compared with the other ones I visited. The shopping complex is pretty large. The second time I visited Palazzo, I got lost trying to find the exit back on to Las Vegas Boulevard.I think this property is great, but the many signs, lights and massiveness of the complex can be a bit of challenge to maneuver through. It feels like you can't help but get lost here.
4	This was my first time staying at Palazzo and we had a good experience.  I would definitely stay here again.  We arrived at about 1pm on a Friday.  Check in was not until 3pm but front desk found a room for us and let us have it early.  Beautiful, spacious room.  Ladies, there was a vanity, complete with cute little bench in the bathroom.  Loved that.  Our room directly faced TI and we were able to watch the pirate show clearly.  It was just Mr. DJ and I so there was no need for a pool area with all the bells and whistles.  There was no lazy river or wave pool which was just fine with me.  There were 3 big pools.  Heated!  This is important because in April, the hotel towers cast a huge shadow on the pools until about 3pm.  Someone probably didn't think that one through.  Although, I would give them credit for putting the pool just a few steps from the tower elevator because there is nothing worse than having to walk a mile through a casino soaking wet just to get to your room.  I'm looking at you MGM.  Location was super convenient.  Close to the freeway.  Walgreens right next door.  Mall across the street.  We all can't afford to throw down $100 every meal so having the mall food court near by was awesome.  Venetian has it's own fast food court but I feel like the mall food court was closer if you're staying at Palazzo.  Plus there are more options of course at the mall.I also loved that there were a lot of penny slots.  Yes I am a high roller.  I did win $200 just on penny slots over a course of 3 days so take that.
4	Let me start by saying that I am a low roller who likes staying at nice hotels, which seems to be quite the opposite of what others do. While others stay at places like Imperial Palace and come to Palazzo to gamble to look like big shots, I like staying at places like Palazzo and walking to casinos with $5 minimums like Casino Royale and Imperial Palace.The Palazzo was really nice. The parking garage was convenient for those of us lucky enough to be able to drive to Vegas. The elevators to the rooms were right off the casino floor, another nice perk. You can also get to the Venetian through an underground walkway past all the restaurants.The best part... the low roller I am, I was able to easily walk to the low rent district (Casino Royale, Imperial Palace, etc.) and play my $5 tables. In fact, the people I was playing with at the IP were laughing at me for slumming. I don't care, I refuse to play $10+ minimum tables if avoidable. The CVS outside the hotel was great for grabbing a bottle of water or soda to take back to your room.Sign up for their newsletters and they will send you good discounts on a room. We stayed here for $129/night and that included 2 tickets to Phantom and several restaurant and drink vouchers. It also included $20 in slot play, which I turned into $120, so it was quite the deal.The only downside to the place is that the restaurants are quite pricey, so we usually left to go eat elsewhere. And their clubs attract a lot of beautiful and well dressed young women around midnight, and walking by them in my casual clothes to go slumming at the cheap casinos was kinda depressing.  ;)If you're thinking of staying at the Venetian, come here instead. Even though they are listed as separate hotels, the Palazzo is basically just the newer and nicer tower of the Venetian, for  the exact same price as the Venetian.
4	Enjoyed my stay here recently. The suites were a luxurious home away from home, which included a separate living room and dining area. While the luxe accomodations were expected, there were nice touches that were unexpected. For example: flat screens in the bathroom, separate vichy showers, and private chocolate baths in the oversized tubs, which I relished daily. Enjoyed the daily concierge service which included breakfast, unlimited drinks, and a appetizers each evenings. Additionally, was nice to have wireless in our room and in the concierge lounge. I loss more money that I wanted, however, it's to be expected in Vegas. Great experience.
4	The Palazzo is probably one of the best hotels on the Las Vegas strip. You can get decent rates if you book through one of their many promotions. We paid about 200/night on this particular trip. The rooms are nice and there are plenty of beds in the Bella Suite if you plan on sharing. Each Bella Suite has 2 queen beds and a pull out couch. There is also 3 tvs (one in the bed area, one in the living room area, and one in the restroom). They also have very good restaurants on site. Everything from cheap (Grand Lux) to fine dining (Bouchon, Cut, Delmonico, etc). When visiting Vegas Venetian and Palazzo are usually one of my first options for rooms. If I'm going on a smaller trip, I might consider Wynn or Encore, but Venetian/Palazzo are also great!
2	I stayed at the Palazzo last weekend for a bachelorette party. My first impression was that it is very beautiful. Our room seemed very spacious and comfortable for four girls. Then we realized there was not a coffeepot, the internet was not free, and there was a fridge that had sensors in it like a force field. Even crappy hotels these days have fridges that you can actually use and put water in. I was AMAZED at the crappy service at the pool. I stayed at the MGM last time and was asked many times if I wanted a drink. At the Palazzo pool I was asked once. Ridiculous!!!! So we finally went to the pool bar to get a drink and something to eat. It took 30 min to get french fries!! At the time there were also 4 other angry customers wondering where the hell their fries were. The gal at the register didn't care at all. The last night we ordered room service. The first two items we asked for they didn't even have and said we must of had an old menu. Why would they change the menu and not make sure every room had a current one?? One of us ordered eggs benedict and it didn't even come with hollandaise??? Am I going crazy??I would not stay here again.
2	The room is huge, the inside is pretty and the peopleBad internet and ACNot super centrally located on the strip either so getting to the other casinos can be a bit of a pain...but i guess that's their goal ;)
5	Love this place... Rooms are nice and the casino doesn't smell like cigarettes. Close to clubs and eateries (but don't go to Dal TOro).rooms: clean and the suites are spacious. I'm always happy when I stay here. Beds are fine and everything is clean.Casino: can't smell cigarettes most of the time... WIN!Gym: awesome gym! If I stay there again (prob will)... I'm sooooo hitting the gym. It has everything and I'm in love. I love this gym (I'm a workout freak) and I would stay here if I could. You need to check out this gym.Service: good service. Friendly.
1	We booked 3 suites for a Girls' Weekend and the hotel was the only disapointing aspect of our stay. Though we had booked far in advance, in order to get our rooms on the same floor as we requested, we had to wait long past the initial check in time. They were uncaring and unapologetic about the fact that we couldn't get ready in our rooms in order to make our show reservations that evening.The rooms were spacious but tired. Handles were missing on the chipped furniture and the lock was irreparably broken on our safe. The man who tried to fix the safe was not only unsuccessful; he was not helpful and very unfriendly.The day we checked out, we asked for a late check out. We were denied because they said they were booked. When we reminded them we didn't get to check in at the normal time, they told us we had until noon to get out. I called the hotel on my cell phone and was told they did have available rooms so not only are they rude, they are dishonest.I am a very nice person and usually get great service. It's not as though we caused any problems or were even drinking. There was absolutely no reason for their terrible service but there it was. The only good thing about the hotel was the Canyon Ranch Spa. Though the restaurant manager messed up our gift cards and tried to tell us we had already used a card we had not (he eventually figured out it was his error and apologized), the massages and the facility were very nice.
4	I love both the Palazzo and the Venetian because you can kind of forget your are in Vegas, everything smells nice, not smoky and the staff and service are top notch. Now you definitely get what you pay for so be prepared but I enjoyed our stay here. Two complaints, the glass shower isn't conducive for sharing the room with lots of girls and the separate toilet area has ZERO ventilation so it got nasty with 4 of us there...but with just two people the room would have been great!
3	I'm a hard grader.  The Palazzo rooms are excellent, and the desk folks were very accomodating of my request to get a room that faced the TI show.  Of course, that also allowed me to see down to Caesars, too!However, the casino is small and the machines are pretty tight compared to other casinos.  Come here to stay, and play elsewhere - cross the street to eat cheaper @Fashion Mall.  The Venetian isn't as good to stay at as the Palazzo, and they are connected so you can spend time there if you really want to.The Spa is totally okay.  Not nearly as good as the ones in hawaii I've passed by on the way to the gym, but good enough for Vegas.
5	Rooms are SuiteYes, I'm aware I spelled that wrong.  So, I showed up to Vegas last minute with 2 friends, got a room for $275 after resort fees & taxes.  Room was amazing.  Huge space, couches, 2 flat screens, 2 queens, massive bathroom, & a view of the golf course.  It was great.  Also, no reason to leave the Hotel cause you're got Grand Lux Cafe (amazing) & Tao Beach.  I've stayed at many Casino's & totally recommend the Palazzo/Venetian.
4	My fiance and i absolutely love the suites here!  They are spacious, nice and clean.  With the Venetian, this is definitely a resort you do not need to leave...to experience vegas.  I highly recommend this resort and will gladly come again really soon!! !
4	Stayed in a suite here. Exactly like the Venetian -the layout, decor, pricing, etc -but a little bit more spacious. What's nice about staying at the Palazzo is that it's a bit less hectic and smoky compared to the Venetian, without the compromise of location. Plus, you get all access to all the pools at the Palazzo and the Venetian.
4	Another nice hotel/casino, with great food choices and nice decor.
3	Magnificent in theory.....Hubby and I just returned from our stay at the Palazzo Upon checking in I tried the $20 "free upgrade request tip" and it worked like a charm. I'm sure the fact it was my birthday didn't hurt our chances either. Sweet clerk upgraded us to a high floor with a strip view directly across from Treasure Island so money well spent.. It's absolutely beautiful,. opulent in fact, each room is a "suite" with a sunken living room in addition to a awesome bathroom with separate shower and HUGE tub. Typical upscale Vegas accommodations really. Service on the other hand sucked for lack of better word. We arrived Sunday and didn't get our room serviced until Tuesday after I called down to the front to complain. What pissed me off though was on Monday around 4pm I saw whom I assumed was some sort of housekeeping supervisor per her uniform and "attitude" walking past our room after I stuck my head out of our room to ask when we'd get fresh towels, etc. I was polite and asked her if she could tell me when we'd expect to see housekeeping and Miss-Thing didn't even make eye contact with me nor slow down when she replied "I really don't know". The hotel seems to be short staffed by what we could see and overall seemed to be the common attitude of so many of their staff. Snooty and irritated to be asked to help. Restaurants were good but expensive (will write separate reviews on Lavo, I Love Burgers Grand Lux Cafe, Del Toro and Dos Caminos), weather was unseasonably chilly so we didn't get to use the pool much but it was beautiful. AND they charge you an extra $19 per day for some BS "resort fee" for their Internet and workout room access regardless of whether you'd use it or not which we didn't (sorry I don't schlep a laptop with me on vacation and the only workout I get while on vacation is my right arm lifting a martini glass!) We usually come back from LV with a little in our pockets, not at the Palazzo. Hubby swears casino's can control how tight and loose their machines are and I believe that after this last visit. Slots were TIGHT but I guess while they're called a "one armed bandit"? Also, very smoky in the casino. We've been to most of the hotels on the strip in our visits to LV but I'm not sure that we'd stay here again due to the overall a-hole attitudes of many of the staff. So many other great choices in Vegas!
4	Ive only stayed here once. And by mistake at that. I originally had a reservation at the Venetian. But for some strange reason it was super busy that weekend. The Venetian wasn't able to check us in until 5 pm. Which was kinda disappointing. But they were able to offer us a suite at the palazzo. Which I couldn't resist. At that time the palazzo had just opened it's doors. I'd say it was no more than a month or two old. So why not? Bad thing was me and my buddy parked at the Venetian side. So we had to walk our asses quite aways to get to our room. Anyway the suite was really nice. Our view was facing opposite of the strip. But we were able to catch views of the pool. I love the way the curtains are opened by remote. Both the lights and ceiling fan were also operated by remote. It's very classy. Also very clean. And we were able to bypass the line at Tao the same night. although. No free entrance. Room prices were reasonable. And to be honest I don't remember the stupid resort fees being tagged on back then. The way they do now. I would stay here again. It's kinda toward the end of the strip. But at least its still on the strip.
5	Palazzo is my all time favorite hotel to stay. Best customer service, hands down to quality and their wonderful Grand Luxe restaurant below. Its so awesome that their location is located to every HOTTEST club their is and Fashion mall right across the street within walking distance.
4	Palazzo - I think the Palazzo is nice. My impression before I stayed here was that it was the upscale sister of the Venetian. If it is, it is only slightly more upscale.The rooms are identical. That is a good thing because they are suites, big and nice. I had two outstanding dinners (Carnevino and Cut) so that stands out.Everyone I dealt with was nice and accomodating. I attempted to set up a spa appointment when I was working out one morning and they said they couldn't because I didn't have a credit card with me. That was confusing and somewhat of a bummer. Skipped it altogether.The downstairs bag pick-up and taxi stand is a clusterfuck.Other than that, it was all just fine. I've said for a while now that Caesars is my favorite but I would happily stay at the Venetian. You can add the Palozzo as Venetian 1A.Smiley face.
2	We stayed here 4 nights, specifically requesting a non-smoking room (my boyfriend is allergic). We arrived, and after 20 minutes of waiting in line to check-in, we were told we were put in a smoking room. They said there was literally no other options. We were pretty pissed off since they could have INFORMED us of this and we would have stayed in another hotel, like the Cosmopolitan (we wish we did now).They promised the next day we'd be moved to a non-smoking floor.The room and hallway smelled so foul of smoke it was unbearable. We luckily were a bit tipsy that night and so didn't notice it as much when we came home to sleep. The next morning, I rolled over and smelled the pillow and air which was rank with smoke. Surprising after having slept in it all night.We called again in the morning on the status of moving rooms. They told us they'd call us and have our luggage moved etc. Never received a call. We got home from Cirque and they told us they have no non-smoking room for us. We had to spend another night in hell.Finally the 3rd night we were moved. We had to pack all our stuff and were greatly inconvenienced by having to move.All this and they removed our resort charge of $75.Would never return to this hotel in this life or the next. Seemed 4 star.Checkout was also painful. We had to wait 20 minutes just to check out.Room: Very roomy and comfortable. Great views of the strip and pools below from the 30th floor.Room Service: Horrible smoothie. Worst I've ever had and I'm certain it could never be any grosser. Onion rings were good, but came with some weird curry sauce? Pizza wasn't good - thick rough crust with nothing to it. Pizza pretty bland. The chicken quesadilla was gross... almost every bite came with gristle. Also, big rip off.. the food was incredibly expensive!Casino: Seemed pretty nice but we don't gamble.Restaurants: We only went to Grand Luxe at our resort, and it wasn't good. Grossly greasy and just low quality.
4	The Palazzo is the twin of The Venetian, and its definitely more upscale without a specific "theme" to the hotel (think upscale as in the name the Wynn has, and the "themes" of hotels like The Venetian in Italy, the Luxor as Egypt, Excalibur as medieval times, etc.) The entire hotel is roomy and spacious, and the pool is outstanding! It mainly has many of the same features as The Venetian does, just at a more regal and grand size. :)
4	Staying in The Palazzo hotel for my first trip and a business trip at that in Vegas was a mistake. I was so so sad I couldn't take advantage of my beautiful suite with two plush beds,living area, office nook and fantastic bathroom. When I say fantastic I mean it. I had a vanity area, deep tub and shower and flat screen tv above the sink area. The hotel is beautiful, the casino downstairs had a good amount of tables and slots and the shopping nearby is high class. The hotel was very accomadating as we partied from one suite to the next raiding everyone's mini bar by providing us with plenty of glasses. Checking in and out wasn't dreadful at all and everyone who worked at the hotel never failed to greet me during my stay. I'm planning on coming back soon and will definitely be staying at The Palazzo.
5	A bunch of our friends were booked to stay at The Palazzo, so we booked a room there too. We arrived and found out that we had a suite. We didn't know all of the rooms are suites! Awesome!The suite was awesome, so nice, so spacious. My wife and I agreed that it was the best hotel room we've ever stayed in.We will return if we can get a great deal.....because the regular rates are pricey.
4	A few of my friends and i got a room here and it was awesome. the room was spacious enough for everyone to sleep comfortably and we had a room with an awesome view.
1	Unless you're a newly minted adult who needs to drink, smoke and gamble 24x7 and believes that Kim Kardashian and Snooki define good taste and style, stay away! This place is pure trash for any discerning traveller.   Everything about The Palazzo- the rooms, the service, the food, the crowd, the pools- is marginal at best.  And, contrary to the reservation agent, it is NOT a family friendly hotel or 5-star property by any means.
4	Great size rooms for a crowd, but starting to look a little run down and dingy in the casino area.I've stayed at the Palazzo a handful of times because you have a large room that can comfortably fit a lot of girls and their luggage. You get two queen beds, along with a sitting area with a pull out couch. The bathroom is large with a double vanity.  The hotel is also conveniently located near a lot of popular nightclubs, such as Tao and Lavo (Ventian and Palazzo), as well as the numerous clubs located in the Wynn and at the Encore (Blush, Surrender, XS, etc) which is located just right across the street.If you're staying at the Palazzo, you have access to both the pools for the Ventian and the Palazzo, which is nice because you should be able to find a place to sit.The casino area I'm not a big fan of. Mainly because its somewhat dark inside, which gives it a bit of a dingy feel in my opinion. I like casinos have a lot of light (or as much as they possibly can) so I dont feel like I'm in a cave.
5	I love staying here.. this place is BE-AU-TI-FUL!!The rooms are modern, clean, and Oh-So-Spacious SUITES!!  I think the SUITES are over 700 sq ft of space vs your standard 450 sq hotel room.The staff is always super friendly and the Casino is always pretty and clean (minus smoke.. cause it's Vegas)And because of the space we are able to fit 4-6 ladies (or more) comfortable.. it's awesome!
4	I stayed here this past weekend and did not know what to expect. The only time I'd been here was to LAVO or passing thru...Overall, its a nice place to stay and it's super affordable. All of the rooms are "suites"..so if need be, you could pack 6 to a room. We did 3 which was perfect but you never know... Anyways, the rooms are spacious, clean, beds comfy, ample light & plugs (I was here for a bachelorette party) my only complaints are:Everything is up to speed- technology wise in the room EXCEPT for the alarm clock. It's this dino-1997 CD player. Who even has CDs anymore? It DOES have a tiny cord to connect an IPOD, but the sound quality is that of a 1997 CD alarm clock. It might sound petty BUT there is a flat screen in the bathroom and you are telling me you cant get an ipod doc / alarm clock?? Seemed really odd. Also, the customer service/front desk/concierge/room service... was NOT GOOD- in a nutshell. They screwed up our reservation, told us they didn't have a non-smoking connecting room- took us to a crappy 3rd floor room and only after making a scene- gave us the room we originally reserved. They were hoarding our room. Jerks.Room service informed me it would be $5.00 to bring extra glasses and ice. I have NEVER in my life heard this and after complaining they brought it free of charge. WTF. So the actual hotel gets my 4-star rating, but the people/service get a 3- and I'm being nice. I would stay here again though based on the room & cost....
5	One of my favorite casinos anywhere. Modern design, but not uptight. Great mix of people from young to old. Plenty of food options and blackjack dealt from a shoe. It's never too crowded and there aren't nearly as many families as Venetian, but since it's connected there's easy access to the restaurants, etc. First Food and Bar is a hidden gem. Good food and drink at normal strip casino prices. Nothing amazing, but everything I've had is nice.
2	I'd rather not relieve nightmare but for the same of my fellow Yelpers, I will be brave.Let me preface my review by saying hubby and I have always stayed here when we visit Las Vegas.  Our previous stays have been stellar and we thought service was always great.Check-in went quickly and was very pleasant.  We were just glad to be there after being on the road for 5 hours. First thing we noticed, however, was the casino was noticeably smokier!  But we decided to ignore in our exuberance at being in LV finally.The problem came when we went to pull out the bed in the pull-out and noticed the sheets were dirty and there was a MAGGOT on it.  Hubby immediately closed it back up and I called the front desk.  I described our situation very calmy and the person went ahead and comped our resort fee of $17 for our entire stay (3 days).  About 30 minutes later, someone came by and asked if we had requested pull-out bed service.  I said SURE...and he proceeded to pull the bed back out, smooth out the sheet, brushing the maggot discreetly into the crevices beneath the couch.  I had to interrupt him and tell him we needed the sheet changed at which time he mumbled something about getting someone else to come and do that.Long story short, it took almost 3 hours and 4-5 phone calls to get someone to change our sheet.  The maid ended up getting to our room at 2:30AM!!Other gems:  TV remote didn't work.  Bath products were downgraded to a stinky smelling non-brand, it took some significant ranting to get a measly $100 in comps for our troubles and the pool area was dirty & smelly.  We were laying out by the pool when we looked down and noticed a floating pool of puke-like substance at the edge of the pool, accessorized with plastic drink cups, straws and napkins.  We flagged a guy down who very snottily said he would get someone to come by and clean it up.  He didn't.  I caught someone else who actually looked at the mess and was equally grossed out by it.  That was the only way it got cleaned up!  It also took us an hour or so to finally order a drink...we got blown off by the cocktail server a couple times.With all the other options available in Vegas now, I'm not sure if patronage will continue here at The Palazzo.
4	Love this hotel and casino! Rooms are all suites, modern and very spacious. Personally I prefer this to the Venetian and Venecia. Sushi Samba- my favorite sushi restaurant to date is also located in the palazzo.  The menu is a fusion of Brazilian, Peruvian and Japanese. Both highly recommended
3	I am pretty shocked by my experience here.  I know lots of people who stay the Palazzo and The Venetian, so I assumed it was a pretty good hotel right?I came here for a bachelorette party.  We had two connected Bella Suites.  Initially, it started out fine.  They took our luggage and said they would bring it up.  We were upgraded to a strip view for free.  We went upstairs the rooms were big and very nice.  They have an extra vanity in the mirror and we faced Treasure Island.  Then we waited for our luggage. And waited.  My friend asked if she could use my iPhone charger.  "It's in my luggage. Where is our luggage?!"  I wanted to take a nap and more importantly, I needed my medicine.  It took about 45 minutes for our luggage to arrive.Concierge was a hopeless line.  After calling twice and being put on hold for a good 5-10 minutes, I gave up.  I realized even if I reached them, I didn't trust them to change my reservation.Oh yeah, I did try to change my dinner reservation myself but the service here was so bad.  I never could get the navigation thing to work even though it worked in other hotels.  If you have AT&T, this is not the hotel for you.We called for hangers.  It took about an hour. Also the wallpaper was peeling in our bathroom.  Ok, it didn't ruin my trip, but I really wondered why housekeeping never did anything about it.  When I told my boyfriend later, he responded: "they don't care" and I really think that was the theme.  They don't really care about their guests.The pool was nice enough.  I've reviewed Lavo as a club before. The casino and hotel overall is small. The location is good and I like the Shops at Palazzo.  (The sales associates were all really nice except at Christian Louboutin where they wouldn't give us the time of day.) I liked the walkway to the Wynn because um...the Wynn/Encore is far superior to this place. I stayed at Encore last year and the service is much better and I like the decor much more.  The colors in Encore are nice, they have better clubs and the Wynn buffet is nearby.  They have doorbells and put your name on your phone and card.  They have better carpet and it just feels newer and more well-maintained.You might think I'm nitpicking here.  I still gave this place 3 stars, but look...those rooms were not cheap.  This is a 5 star hotel and there are far superior 5 star hotels less than a mile away. Unless, I needed a lot of space, why would I come back when I could be at the Wynn, Encore, THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay, The Cosmopolitan etc instead? (Skipping The Venetian seeing that its the same company and whatnot.)
4	2nd time staying at palazzo/venetian property.  Big fan of room and bath tub!  No complaints there.Loved that they brought by free popsicle sticks out at pool, loved the pools in general.  The ONLY reason why this place gets a 4 instead of the 5 is because of the uncleaned foam/puke lining the pool.  DISGUSTING. and based on previous reviews, an ongoing issue.
5	We stayed here on our recent trip to Vegas. We booked early in April and I'm glad I did. I price compared a week before our stay and the difference was about $200. We booked a 720 foot suite and I gotta say it was worth every dollar. More than plenty of room for two people. The room's bed is just incredible. We had a flat screen in the bedroom area and in the bathroom. The bathroom is large. It came with a stand up shower area with all glass doors. There was also a large tub. His and hers sink areas. There was a separate area inside the bathroom for her to sit on a nice stool and do her makeup. Lot's of mirrors for her. The actual toilet was in a separate room all together.There was a good sized lounge area with large couches and a grand view of the Wynn hotel and a neighboring golf course. The view was stunning. Every detail in the room is just awesome. We utilized the bell desk service and valet quite a bit during our stay. Just an awesome place to stay.
4	I've stayed here a couple times now and am a big fan of this hotel. Big, comfortable, luxurious rooms, nice casino, friendly staff...and the smell! Smells wonderful.I recommend this place highly if you can swing the weekend rate of $169...although bear in mind that they add on hotel tax, sale tax, and then add on a $17 resort fee per day so you will end up paying over $200 per night. If you stay here, ask the checkin clerk for line passes to LAVO, and make sure see if they have any vouchers for freebies (they do - sometimes you have to slip a tip to get them though).The pool areas are very nice. While crowded, you'll find these a little more relaxed than  other pools around Las Vegas. Make sure to order a pitcher of sangria while you relax in the pool all afternoon.I'm deducting a star for the simple fact that the pool scene could be better than what it is (they need more staff to serve drinks).The shopping is also fabulous. The Shoppes at Palazzo are AMAZING! Must be seen to be believed.
5	Had a pretty good experience.We stayed at Aria for two nights and then decided to stay another night in Vegas, so we booked Palazzo (since our stay at Aria was very mediocre). The room was -much- larger than our room at Aria (at least 600 square feet...and I'm pretty sure that was just their basic room). Room had three TVs (one in the living area, one in the bedroom area, one in the bathroom). Room had a huge bathroom and the furniture was all very nice - not overdone, just really perfect - what I'd expect from a five-star hotel.Not much else to say on the room itself since we were only there for one night - everything worked as expected.I ordered room service for dessert about midnight. Was initially told it'd be about 40 minutes, but they got there in about 15 minutes and were very friendly.Called in the morning to ask about late check-out and was told they could extend it an hour for free. We ended up checking out at the usual time anyway, but it was nice that they extended it for us.Overall a good stay - we weren't there very long, but the service we did request was all friendly and prompt.
3	I have been to Vegas at least once a year for the past four years, and have always stayed at the Venetian. I booked the Palazzo this weekend (6/18-6/20) for a bachelorette party and I was pretty excited to stay somewhere "new" (kinda, since Venetian and Palazzo are pretty much the same). Anyhow, I figured that since I'd never had a bad experience at Venetian, it would be the same for Palazzo. Surprise, surprise, I was wrong!- I arrived around 12:00pm to see if we could check in early. They said they didn't have any clean suites available, and that they would call me when the room was ready. Ok, fine, no big deal-- I grabbed some lunch with my friends and we went to the mall to kill time. I called at 2:30pm to see if by chance the room was ready. They told me no, and that it would be ready at 3:00pm. 3:30 rolls around and still no call. 4:00 rolls around, STILL no call. At this point I am irritated since check-in is technically at 3:00, so I get in line to ask about what's going on. Two other people behind me are in line for the same issue. Finally, I got to the front of the line and they apologize for being so busy, blah blah. However they were friendly and upgraded our room to a suite w/ a strip view on the 19th floor. - When we got the room, however, the housekeeping staff hadn't done a very good job cleaning the room. There were still stains on the counters AND they left a pair of the previous guests' dirty flip flops ON THE DRESSER! WTF?!- Since we couldn't check in early, we left our bags with the bell hop staff. I called the concierge desk to have our bags taken up to our room--they quoted 15 minutes. Awesome, that would give us time to freshen up before dinner. NOT! It took them a good 45 minutes at the very least to get the bags to us and it ruined our timing for dinner. Ughhh, so irritated!!I later discovered that there were some events going on (Miss USA, daytime Emmy Awards, poker tournament, yadda yadda), but still that's no excuse for the service. I was very surprised. Anyways, some pros about the hotel: huge suites, awesome pool, great centralized location. Next time I think I'll pass on the Palazzo!
4	Very large rooms, with nicely furnished living room (3 steps down from the bedroom area). The bathroom is huge. The customer service I had was so much better than the one I got at the Wynn (which has tiny rooms in comparison for a higher price).I liked it :)The colors could be more light, but overall I was very satisfied.Btw, if you've never used a bell man, just do it, they have lots of tips for the area, very helpful if that's your first time in Vegas.
3	We stayed at The Palazzo (which is the sister hotel to Venetian) for my girls bachelorette weekend. We had a comp room which was pretty big for 5 girls. It consisted of 2 queen beds, a sofa bed, some tables, vanity mirror, and a view to the pool. I didn't really dig the layout of the Hotel since it was a maze to get in and out! I felt like I was always lost and asking the workers for directions. Not really fun when you are rolling into the hotel after a night at the club! If you go to their pool, its as if you at the bottom of a box! In the end, it makes sense that the theme of the hotel is "Italy", but I would prefer more open space!
2	I've definitely experienced better than this 4-5 star hotel. Came to Vegas for the weekend for my girlfriend's bachelorette, and last time we came, we stayed at the Venetian. I've heard the Palazzo better than the Venetian, so I was really excited to stay here.We arrived at around noon, but our room wasn't ready yet so we dropped our bags off. We hung out at Fashion Show Mall, got a little something to eat and drink, and passed enough time to hopefully have them get our room ready. Wrong.They were super late with their check ins, and didn't offer any information on when they thought our room would be ready by. We spent an hour waiting at the hotel, and they finally hooked us up with a strip view suite. Awesome, but really how much was I going to be in the room?Finally got the keys, super excited to lay in bed for a bit, and the first thing I see are someone else's dirty flip flops on the dresser. GROSS! What is this, the travelodge??Lastly, we didn't get our bags until almost an hour later! We didn't get to have the dinner we wanted, and ended up getting tired due to all the waiting.$200 a night is just not worth it! I'll be looking elsewhere for my next trip!
4	Beautiful hotel right by the adjoining the Venetian.  3.5 stars. There are varying food/resto options which makes gives it a good mark in my book.  We situated ourselves in a relatively grande suite. The main living area is spacious and is large enough to sleep a huge party of girls. The comfy couches serve as beds while the staff offers rollaways just in case your girls aren't intoxicated enough to knock out on the floor. We even had a lil gym room that sported an elliptical machine. It served itself as a glorified towel rack. At one point, we had three blowdryers going which in turn ended up shorting the circuits, rendering all our hair gadgets  useless. Sigh. Luckily, the other room which was attached to our suite had functioning outlets. Anyway, the room deco struck me odd. I'm not quite sure how to explain it, but it didn't hold as much of a modern value as I would have liked. I did, however, really love the bathroom. It may have been the best part of the suiteFyi, our first night, we were in the bella suite, which was smaller, but still boasted enough space to hold 9 people. Our second/third night, we had moved to a two bed room suite.
4	nice suites, clean cut and easy on the eyes lobby that is more classy than other places. The suites are very nice with super comfy couches, tons of tvs, and fast service. The location the really nice for the hotel in general and the casion is nice.
5	This is the only place is will stay in Vegas ever. I loved it so much, their customer service was fantastic, the rooms were beautiful and clean. You get the most luxury for the best price.
5	A few reasons I enjoy staying here:1. There are many excellent food and restaurant options between here and The Venetian. Grand Lux is arguably the best 24 hour Casino dining option on the Strip.2. The parking is close to the rooms (I'm a lazy bastard).3. The dealers and pit bosses are very friendly. 4. The casino is lively without being horribly crowded. 5. The Shoppes at The Palazzo have a Barney's AND a Louboutin boutique - squee!6. I prefer the North End of the Strip and enjoy being in close proximity to Fashion Show and Wynn/Encore.7. This is totally crazy, but I also love the carpeting in the hallways by the guest rooms.
5	I had a good experience with this hotel, due to the fact that our room was not ready when we arrived, and had come from southern california, our host gave me an upgrade, and $75 room credit to any restaurant in the hotel. The room was stylish and everything was neat and tidy. Yayy to Palazzo I will be coming back.
4	One of the best places to stay in Vegas if you want a suite for a group of 5-8 guys for a bachelor party. We needed a suite with two large beds and large couches. I've stayed at the Venetian before (not a fan) but the Palazzo is a higher end version of the Venetian. I like that the hotel is clean and not incredibly gaudy. Anytime we needed extra towels they were very quick to get them to us. I loved the two tv's in our suite and the layout of the bathroom with a tub and shower. Overall - was very happy with the arrangement and even though we had 6 people we were comfortable thanks to the layout and the L shaped couch which slept two. It was great to have the Walgreens in the basement to buy alcohol and all the Palazzo shopped (which if you bring your wife or gf, they will appreciate). For fourth if July weekend our suite was about $450 with a pretty decent view.
4	Stayed in the Fortuna Suite and this was one of the biggest rooms I've ever stayed in - simply gorgeous and elegant. I decided to go for the Palazzo over the Venetian b/c I know they're pretty much the exact same rooms, same prices, but Palazzo is newer and newer is (almost) always better :). I like the layout of the Palazzo a lot better than the Venetian (esp from the parking garage to check in to the guest elevators - it all flows very nicely unlike the Venetian where you have to bounce around a lot. Not fun). Although the casino is nothing special at all and a bit boring to be honest. It is MUCH easier to navigate though compared to the Venetian and seems a little less "busy" too. I would also say that the Grand Lux Cafe is better at the Palazzo than the Venetian. Also, being a guest of the Palazzo or the Venetian makes no difference in terms of dining and nightlife, so you're considered a "guest" no matter where you are in either place, which is nice. I will pick Palazzo over the Venetian from now on. The Venetian being connected makes it easy to go from one place to the other and I just appreciate the new-ness and simplicity more.
3	Large and comfortable room, really a suite.   We had good beds, and a sunken living room with L couches and room to hang, which surprisingly we took advantage of.  No real  complaints except minor ones.  View over expanse of roof and parking wasn't great but not sure they could do much about that.  You can't touch the mini fridge to even store a leftover sandwich or a glass of water since a computer tracks weight or something, so we got a $3 foam cooler at the nearby Walgreens to hold drinks and leftovers. (The Walgreens is huge and has about anything you could need, from the usual drug store items to snacks, coffee, tshirts, flip flops, wine and alcohol.  Plan to visit soon after check-in!).  I like my coffee before venturing out so my biggest complaint is that there was no coffee maker in the room, though there is a coffee shop at the base of the elevators.
5	I loved the huge bed room and view of golf course right behind winn hotel. It is gorgeous relaxed place. I recommend to stay weekday to get best price.
5	I have always been a fan of the Wynn..... and hated that the Palazzo was so great.  Lol, it is a wonderful hotel.  I stayed here awhile back and had the best time.The Room:  The room was Las Vegas Luxury in all its grandeur.  It was very room and stylishly decorated.  The bed was wonderfully comfortable and hard to get out of.  It is a dangerous trap, sleep on the floor otherwise you will never leave the room.  The sunken living room was a nice touch. This is where they have the Wynn beat.  I didn't want to like it, but I was forced.  We had a view of the shared pool with the Venetian.Grand Lux: Yum! Just what you need after a long night of drinking.  They had a buffalo chicken wrap that was very appetizing.  It was like The Cheesecake Factory, I Believe its owned by the same company.Concierge:  loved them.  I stayed at MGM before and their concierge had NO hookups.  Not here.  This guy got us in Tao VIP, great restaurant reservations and any show we wanted to see.  Pool: it was hot as hell, I was melting like the wicked witch. But the waitress was wonderful..... never had a problem ordering another drink.Great hotel, nice place to add to your Vegas hotel tour.
5	I love this place because, unlike it's less desirable, older-fat-sister of a counterpart I don't have to go through 3 elevators, 5 hallways, & 2 bridges (?) just to get to my room.
3	The hotel and rooms are nice, but they need to improve on the ventilation system for the casino.  The smell of smoke was unbearable.  Other casinos appear to have a much better handle on this problem.
5	Me and my boys came here for the July 8th weekend for my post 4th of July bday celebration, and I must say after about an 9 hr drive from the bay area it was well worth it. The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel resort to stay at. This was my first time planning anything like this and it didn't disappoint. The people at the front desk were very nice and polite to me as I was checking in. It took a while to get our 2 bed Bella suite bc they were still getting it prepared for us after about about an hour of waiting we finally got to the room and the suite was everything I imagined and more. A great view, plenty of room for ppl to roam around and a nice bathroom with walk in shower and tub. The maids were pretty cool aswell. we lost our "Do Not Disturb" tag for the room and I felt kinda bad bc we F*#%'d up the room with in the first night with hella booze bottles laying around  and one of the mattresses was off the bed and was in the walk way and thats bc I had company that night and put it in the bathroom, so I knew when they came to our room they were prob like "WTF?" lol and we knew they were there bc there were new towels and a water in the little condiment spot by the flat TV. The sunken living room was pretty nice as well. There were 3 TVs total (bed, sunken living room, and bathroom) and that was pretty impressing. The pool area was pretty nice I kinda felt like I was in Europe bc of the scenery and the Euros that were out swimming too. The Casino was crackin went down to play some blackjack in my bathrobe with my Alan "Hangover Shirt' underneath and some gym shorts. I was up about $50 then I lost it (Don't ever gamble while u are drink) lol. But we were there for 4 nights and it was a little over a $1,000 so it was pretty reasonable. I been planing this Vegas trip for about a year and it was a success in all aspects. I highly recommend that u stay here. Its right on the STRIP for cryin out loud haha....
4	We stayed here last weekend for 2 nights and it was great! Nice clean spacious suite with an amazing view of TI! Front row! We also got to watch the TI water show and firework from our room!!  If you are on a budget like us (9 girls) and don't mind sharing 1 bathroom then you should definitely stay here! The toilet has it's own private nook and door which is convenience for 9 girls who are trying to get ready at the same time! However, the bad news is there's no vent = people on the outside can hear all your business, no privacy! (bring your own matches :) beside that the Palazzo was a great, nice and convenience place to stay at, nearby the fashion mall and just a quick walk away from Encore and the Wynn. I would gladly stay here again for my next sin city trip!
1	I have never been more upset leaving a hotel ever!!!First there were dozens of ant colonies that we found in our "Sienna Suite" and then the room service was terrible.  They were always an hour late, the food was terrible.  The "Free" drinks from the waitstaff were so terrible that the booze actually gave me a headache.Then because I apparently did not gamble enough, the casino renegged their "Comp Food and Beverage" even though they promised this to me before I came out to the desert there.  I will never, ever stay there again. If you want to stay at an amazing place, gorgeous and elegant, stay at Wynn Resort and Casino.  Luxury at its Finest.   The food was fabulous over there.  You won't be dissapointed.
3	The Palazzo had a kind of mystique for me, given that it was one of the few hotels I've never stayed at along the strip. After staying there, I don't think it's as classy as the various Steve Wynn's hotels along the strip, but it's a decent place to stay.     PROS:-Room was large and spacious.  Three TVs was definitely a score. However, if you're going to stay here thinking that you will be crammed 5+ people to a room and splitting the costs, you are better off just getting two regular rooms at another hotel. -The sofabed is not that comfortable.-Decent location on the strip.  Relatively close to the Fashion Show mall and walking distance to the Wynn.  -Front desk is pretty professional and nice. We got in early and after some persuasion, we were able to check in at 6am for the NEXT NIGHT and got a pool view room even without the 20 dollar trick.  CONS:  -Minor thing - toiletries were weird.  I was recovering from a sunburn and right after I showered with the provided soaps I started peeling. -Potentially rowdy guests.  Every room here is a suite so it seems that many parties are comprised of fellow under-30's crammed into a room. In our case, that meant we were sleeping next to the worst party school rejects ever - they were blasting Rihanna and top 40 hip hop at 6am and hollering WOOO!! (how douchey can one be???). We had to call security, which took a half hour to knock on their doors.  -The workers seem weird and disgruntled. I audibly heard the maids talking about "jovenes Chinos" when they tried in vain to clean our rooms though we were still in bed. -The pool is entirely too crowded.  We could not get a seat on Saturday afternoon.  -The security situation is a little bit draconian. They are serious about checking IDs at the elevators and the pools.  A friend had a terrible experience getting locked out without a key while I was sleeping and it took dozens of calls to wake me up - they were completely obstinate about letting him up.Bottom line, Palazzo is a pretty well-furnished and nice hotel, but doesn't really nail the small details like some of the better places in Vegas.
5	Really enjoyed our stay here.  We've stayed at many other hotels in the area.  Walked up and down the strip and found the location very convenient.  Ate at First Food and Bar and just loved it.  The pool was overcrowded, so we passed on that.  Room was exceptional, liked it better than the Wynn!  Now I know I should join the players club since I lost some money here.  The $15 min is insane!  I don't like that with Roulette.Anyways, good times.
1	First off, let me say that I'm very impressed with all aspects of both the Venetian and the Palazzo.Everything except for one thing: they added $2.60 to each of my drinks at the pool without listing such a charge on the receipt. I'm not one to cry over spilled milk, but it's just a little sheisty, no? A $12 bloody mary with a standard $1 tip somehow shows up as a $15.60 drink.Thanks, Palazzo!
5	love love love this place! I love the bed, the living room area, the bathroom!, the casino, EVERYTHING! The bed was very very comfortable and our room overlooked part of the strip and the swimming pool area so during the day time it was really pretty because of the pool and during the night t was also really pretty with all the pretty lights! The pool and the hotel connects to the bellagio so it's really convenient to walk to the strip in the cool air conditioned shopping center.I would definitely love to come here again :)
2	Just got back from staying in Palazzo for one nite. Honestly I expected better. PRO:- The suite is big. The decor seems to reflect some decent investment- location location location- some folks are really nice (front desk, bell man) and aim to pleaseCON:- Attention to details: i can clearly see the strek mark on the marble (someone cleaned it but not really fully). for a 5 star... that seems like a miss. - Cleaniness - there was hair ... HAIR in the bath tub (its very obvious.. cant miss it!) and even stickers on the wall of bathroom. (ew). The glasses in the hotel room looks yucky too.- Furniture took some abuse. Looks like someone sneeze into the couch and it tried (ew ew)- Service - We were waiting at LAVO to get in. The host pretty much ignore us for 5 mins despite we were right in front of her. She just kept talking to her server. Also, the manager(?) came by close to mid nite and says "Someone opened a bottle and I need this table now, I will buy a round". Ehhhh We can pay for my own drink. A little patience woudl be good ... we were going to be leaving. His attitude was pretty bad. bottleline, I dont think I want to go back and likley will ask my friends to check out other hotels. Palazzo doesnt seem up to par for me at all.
4	Beautiful hotel. For the most part we loved our stay but there were a few things on the negative side. Let's break it down.Check in was fast and staff was very friendly. We had asked for an early check-in and had been told they'd try. We ended up not showing up until 3:30 because we assumed they wouldn't have a room ready for early check-in. We were right. They didn't have a room ready for us. They offered to upgrade us to a bigger room with no charge. Since we had booked an in-suite couples massage and it was scheduled at 5, we didn't want to wait. Plus, it was an upgrade. Has to be good, right? Wrong. The room was fine. It was huge. But the room I'd originally booked looked much cuter in the photos. Plus, they put us on the 5th floor with no view of anything at all. Overall the room was fine but I think I'd have preferred the room I'd originally booked. Our room was over a suite with a private patio and the people below us ended up having a party. Thankfully, we had plans to head out for a show (Jersey Boys--awesome!) and didn't get back to our room until around 1am. Party was still in full swing but died down by 2. Thank goodness. I know it is Vegas but when I'm in my room I want to relax. If I want loud music and crowds of noisy people, I'll go out. The in-suite massage was completely over priced. The people they sent up were nice. The man, I felt, was a bit put out that he had to do a massage in-suite. He even made a comment to the fact that he hadn't had to do one in a long time. He was nice enough but I can read people fairly well and he seemed annoyed with having to be there. The woman was very nice but her skills were lacking. I'm no stranger to massage and her idea of firm pressure is much different than mine. She was a tiny, older woman. There was no pressure and I felt like she was simply rubbing massage oil into my skin...not actually giving a massage. She also seemed hurried. For as much as we paid, I'd expected better. They also didn not bring any music or anything. She told us we were welcome to put on a CD. ???? I'm in a hotel room with no CD player and I didn't bring CDs. Who carts around CDs? I had assumed they'd bring music with them. Anyway, I'd always wanted to have an in-suite massage but I won't do it again. I feel like I totally wasted my money. My consolation is that my husband enjoyed his massage and since he had just returned from Afghanistan, deserved to be pampered. So, in the end, it was worth it just for that.Room service was outstanding. We ordered dinner in and it was terrific. When we returned from the show we ordered from the dessert menu and it was amazing. Best milk shake I've had in a long time.Bed was comfy, room was clean. The shower was awesome. We were just there for the one night. The negative was not enough to keep me from returning and the positives more than made up for the bad. I can see us staying here again in the future.
5	We came to Las Vegas to get married and had originally booked The Venetian.  We were asked if we wanted an upgrade to The Palazzo and ended up with a beautiful room on the 49th floor with a view of The Strip.Wonderful room, very nice restaurants, great pools, outstanding service.We noticed walking around The Venetian that the clientele seemed much younger and more party-oriented, we were glad to have moved to the sister property.  Both properties are included, so there were plenty of places to eat, shop, and plenty of pools available.We couldn't have been more pleased and were so happy to have upgraded.If you enjoy card games, but don't necessarily enjoy sitting at the tables, I'd recommend the mobile gaming here.  $5 minimum and I walked away with a couple hundred dollars from mobile Blackjack.The only downside.  Being this far down the strip you will have to do a LOT of walking to get anywhere.  Even the nearest monorail stop at Harrah's is a hike, and after a long day and night of being out, it'd be nice to not have to undertake such a trek to get back to your room.
4	The Palazzo is very much like The Venetian but BETTER!  Here's why...1)  It's newer2)  The dealers are nice and friendly unlike the grouch heads at VenetianWhen I reviewed The Venetian I said that The Venetian was my choice of hotel.  Although I say that The Palazzo is better, I would rather stay at The Venetian.  Here's my reason.  The clientele at the Palazzo is much younger and I don't like being around loud, rowdy people.  Also, I do have to say that the Grand Lux Cafe is better at The Venetian.  So what we normally do is, stay at The Venetian but walk over to The Palazzo to gamble.Either way, these 2 hotels are very nice.  The rooms are awesome!  The reason I give them 4 stars is because of the comps.  They make it so hard to earn comps nowadays.  Geez!  How much do I have to lose, I mean gamble.  Haha!  If you have the $$$, stay here.  You'll enjoy it.
4	Pretty much like the Venetian (they're connected), but it seemed more on the "grown up" side.  Haha.  Spacious rooms, but not as extravagant as those Venetian suites, I felt.They have Lavo, which I've never been to-seems like a smaller club.  Cute places to eat and drink at, and take pictures of-but all of the action really is at the Venetian.
4	Beautifully large rooms! I stayed here for a bachelorette party last year and just took family to Vegas last week. We managed to squeeze two girls on the couches with plenty of rooms for the bachelorette party.I noticed that they recently changed their bath products to shoddy quality "house branded" stuff. Not a fan... minus one star!Check in was awesome/pleasant and the valet was super nice. I have to give props to this casino's architect for finally building the parking lot underneath so that the walk from the car to room elevators are easy and quick; no need to do the long walk like other casinos!I think they are a little lacking in machines/tables/gambling since they are connected directly to the Venetian.Plenty of food choices and shopping plus the Louboutin store... what is there not to love?!
4	Good place to get some Italian Food.
5	What can you say? There is a reason this hotel has 4 stars.  The attention to detail is unparalleled on the strip.  Rooms sizes a re massive, massive, massive.  You won't be dissapointed!
4	Despite some setbacks (read below) I am still a fan here are the reasons why:I'm a fan because: the multiple pools are amazing, the suites are big, location is great, free internet, lock for your laptop, 3 flat screen TVs, automatic curtains.  Not a fan: The SLAMMING doors they got to fix this issue you can literally hear doors slam from upstairs, neighbor, etc. Resort fee of about $20/night that is added on. The sheets were dirty it looked like blood or something, when I called in we waiting quite some time for house keeping. I talked to a hotel manager and he refunded our resort fee but that is all they could do. If you are staying on the Treasure Island side get ready to hear the show's fireworks until 12am  I'm on the fence about wanting to stay here again, my experience was mixed, I'm still a fan because of the nice set up and space for a hotel room but some of the setbacks really were a pain. I hear Cosmopolitan is suppose to be nice. Maybe Palazzo will offer me a better room next time.
5	Very much alike to the Venetian since they are sistas. Rooms are super spacious. Two beds and sofa with pull out bed, with very comfy blankets! I love the room. 1 shower, 1 tub: only con- water comes out so slow.... I just wanted the tub to fill up with hot water so I can soak myself in there!!! By the time it filled up, the water got cold. -___- Other than that, the bathroom is super lovely.The poolside gets packed by 9am! There's the regular palazzo pool & then there's Azure. You can also walk over to the Venetian since both hotels are connected together and hop on over to the Venetian pool or TAO Beach! Easy access to the self parking garage from the casino. Casino is freaking grazieeee! Contains LAVO, Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Canyon Ranch Spa&Gym. TAO nightclub, Grand Lux cafe, I love burgers.Self check out from your room thru TV. Better then waiting in line! Awwwwesum.
4	The trick to staying in Vegas is to pick a place that has all suites. That way you know you are getting a larger room - and the Palazzo is no exception. We had two rooms, 4 girls per room, for a bachelorette party here last weekend. The rooms were not only affordable, but really nice and comfortable. Rooms: I like that they have a separate seating area for the couch, tv and office area. The couches are so comfortable that if you stumble in late night and end up sleeping on one you won't be upset in the morning. They are large and "L" shaped. The bathroom is large as well, with a vanity and a separate toilet from shower, which is nice when you have a group.Pool: We rented a cabana for the day at the Palazzo, which was amazing. It was air-conditioned, had a dvd player and also a personal server for the whole day. It is the way to go if you have a group and surprisingly not over the top expensive. Food: Check out Dos Caminos in the lobby area for a great meal. The decor is really cool and the food is good and not overpriced. Late Night: Lavo, the club at the Palazzo, though small, had really good dance music the night we were there. Also, the bartenders are really friendly and it was shockingly easy to get a drink even though it was crowded.
5	Another reason my 30th birthday was so amazing- fabulous accommodations! The service was wonderful and accommodating. We had two rooms and checked in at the same time. My friend noted that it was my birthday and the front desk agent immediately said, "we've upgraded you to a room with a view, both rooms on the same floor"... it was touching. Then as we walked away my husband saw the two agents fist bump as if acknowledging a job well done, such team work! The rooms are great, for a wonderful deal of $109 we stayed in a king suite with a view of Treasure Island and the pools at the Palazzo. It was really nice. The rooms are authentic and Italian inspired with lots of marble and velvet. With over 30 floors and several different wings you are bound to get lost but don't fret, there are restaurants, clubs, and shops lurking about everywhere. Should you get hungry after a late night of clubbing and gambling? No problem. Order ANYTHING off of their menu and they will bring it to you in a matter of minutes. The room service is off the charts (for a small $4 fee). You really don't even need to leave the hotel - we did- but we always found ourselves coming back for food, drink and entertainment. We ate at Solaro out by the pool, had dinner at Sushi Samba and breakfast at Grand Lux- all of which were tasty options. I did find Grand Lux to be a bit on the greasy side but it's breakfast and we were all hung over so it worked out.
4	I have stayed at many hotels on the strip, and I think Palazzo is definitely one of the best values for the money. All the rooms are very large and in pretty good shape as it is relatively new. We had 2 suites (they call all the rooms suites), one for us and one for the kids. For an extra $100 night we upgraded one of the suites to double the size so we had a huge master bedroom, bathroom, powder room, and combined living room/dining room area. And there was a small exercise room with an elliptical as well. I also love the location of Palazzo: across the street from Wynn/Encore, Fashion Show Mall, and Treasure Island. You have a huge number of restaurants you can choose from without ever even going outside. Many of them are on the very $$ side though. There is the Grand Luxe Cafe which is the most reasonable full service restaurant. There are also more fast food like places in the shopping areas of both Palazzo and Venetian. A big plus is the Walgreens inside of the Venetian retail area in case you need cheap water or other snacks or sundries. We were somewhat disappointed in the pool area and hence minus one star. It is mostly in the shade until noon or so. The "Azure" pool which is in the sun early was completely closed during the weekdays when we were there so that was no help to us. Good drinks service, but no food service so you'll have to get off your butt if you want something to eat. The pool restaurant is a Wolfgang Puck creation (Solare I think?). Very good pizza, but overpriced as you would expect. If you want to walk a little further you can go up to the Burger joint in the Palazzo shops that has burgers, salads, etc to go which is a lot more reasonable.Overall - Palazzo is a place I would highly recommend.
5	All their rooms are suites.  Not only are they suites, but their sofas are also convert into beds. (The Venetian sofa's do not)Accomodations are luxurious and nice. The bathrooms have tvs that you can watch the news or jersey shore while you shower.The hotel itself is nicely built.I would definitely recommend this place.
4	I am a big fan of this place. the only reason I didnt give it 5 stars was cause it was my first time staying there, I think next time I stay there and it's just as good, I'll give it 5 stars.  People there are friendly, casino is great, hotel is clean, the shops there and Venetian are so sweet. Jersey Boys theater is there. Best money for the square feet of the room. check in here and have a blast!!!!
3	Firstly. It's a very nice hotel. Great ammenities, and a place you can find good dining, great clubs, good gambling, pools, and good location. I was impressed with the thoughtfulness of it's design.Unfortunately, I have to knock it down a bit for service. The counterperson at check-in was not very friendly and was happy to add disdain in her "yes, they are" answer tone when I asked the question about separate resort fees and the priceline reservation (an arrangement I easily understand, but am dissappointed by priceline's lack of obvious disclosure and this person's joy in my dissappointment.)We also made the mistake of asking a bellman for a higher-end gentlemen's club referral, and  were confidently ushered by limo to Crazy Horse 3. A laughable venue and costly experience ensued.  Further, I'm having to contest duplicate charges to my credit card. All in all, too many headaches to be considered a true high-end resort.
4	This is a beautiful hotel. The rooms are huge, and they could easily sleep more than they advertise. Also, the rooms are very modern, with three TVs throughout, and a very comfortable bed/sitting area. One of the only complaints we had with this hotel was that when we came into our room, there was a fresh (and still wet) coffee stain on the floor. The front desk immediately sent us to a new room with a much better view, for no additional charge. Very nice people, and great customer service. Also, when we called for an extra blanket, it took half an hour and an additional call to get it to our room. Those are the only bad things that happened during our stay. The facilities are wonderful, especially the pool. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good time in Las Vegas.
5	Love The Palazzo! Terrific hotel. The suites are luxurious, beautiful and quite pretty. THE BATHROOMS HAVE TV'S! To get from the check in area to the elevators and then to the rooms, you take a short stroll through the casino, which is pretty awesome and the service is wonderful! Also, the shoppes at the Palazzo are cool, get your shop on! Highly recommend this place!!!
5	We stayed between 8/9/11-8/12/11 on the 18th floor.  Awesome hotel, we would come back to Palazzo and stay there from now.  Most hotels in Vegas are nice and dandy.  I'm not gonna say much about that.  The self parking was easy and getting to the check-in desk and hotel area were easy as well.  We checked in at about 2:55 pm, we knew it was a bit early.  But, no problem from the front desk.  They were professional, quick and organized.  They got the system down, they know how to run a hotel.  From the front desk to the elevator was simple.  The elevator area was not hard to get to, not like some other hotels you need a map to navigate yourself around the hotel.  Hint:  Aria, it was confusing and hard to get around.  Once getting to the suite, the suite was nice and big, very comfortable.  The locale of the Palazzo is nice also, you have Walgreens downstair, a mall (the Fashion Show), TI, and the Wynn across the Strip.  Palazzo has four pools for you to cool down, at least three were family friendly pools.  You also have access to the Venetian pools.  I wish they would provide umbrellas in the pool area. Dine-in Suite service was excellent.  Food showed up in about 15 minutes, we ordered the chicken wings, pasta with shrimps, and clam chowder were very good.  The price was OK, consider it room service in Vegas.  I would order their food in the future.  There were no Turn Down service in the evening which we like a lot.  I don't need anyone come and knock our door if I want chocolate for the night, etc.The bathroom was large and comfortable.  The toilet was in a separate room.  They provided plenty towels for you to use.  There were three TV's, one in the sunken living room, one in front of the bed, and one in the bathroom.Checking out was simple.  Again, they were friendly and professional.  They made you feel comfortable, would return to Palazzo.
3	I have a love-hate relationship with the Palazzo. I love it because it is oh-so-pretty and has some great restaurants. However, I hate it because I feel immense guilt every time I step foot in here. It and the Venetian are the only two non-union casinos on the Strip and the owner is a top public enemy in my line of work. So I'll venture in here from time to time to sample a restaurant, but refuse to do anything else so as to sleep better at night knowing I didn't somehow play a part in money going to the Tea Party. And I also have a love-hate relationship with the parking garage (I get confused so easily) and shops (so many things I can never afford) here. So it all evens out to 3 stars.
4	Hotel rating: ***** (5 stars) This review is based on the rooms at the Palazzo...AMAZING! Rooms are big and the bathroom is a girls dream. The beds are super comfortable. I would stay here every time!! :)Club ratinng: *** (3 stars) I also checked out LAVO and the bathouse decor is nice but out of all clubs I went to this place was the most packed. Maybe it was because Rev Run was there but either way, I did not enjoy being out on the dance floor. Security was not cool either...my party was given a half bottle of Grey Goose by a guy who bought the bottle and didn't want it anymore and security took it away from us and said we couldn't have it. What did it matter? The other guy bought it and then gave it to us. That was disappointing. LAME!
5	The hotel is amazing!  I love staying here.  Rooms are big and comfy and the pool is great.  Location is right in the middle of the strip and adjacent to The Venetian.  Great restaurants, great shows, great gambling!  If you stay here, try to check out their spa; it's $20 for a day pass for hotel guests; a good place to relax before the nighttime activities!
5	Kinda hate to write this review because prior to this, the number of reviews for The Palazzo was 777. I only spent time in the sports book, but the Palazzo impressed me from the get go.The Palazzo is a upscale, professionally run establishment. Everyone here does their job with an amazing degree of pride. The cocktail waitresses, the taxi line staff, the servers, all made the experience for me here.
5	Amazing. Would stay here again. Lagpacan clan were equipped with a dj in our room. It was a party. huge beds, bathroom, tv's all over the place, livingroom. Great for a party of 8 :) Oh the handle on our shower broke, get it fixed before you check out. ha! The hotel itself is worth the $$$$$
4	Room is very nice and the staff is helpful. Don't like their wifi plan though
4	Prior to my stay here I was really apprehensive about the Palazzo rooms being dirty and stained and finding god knows what after reading various reviews on this hotel. However, upon arriving I was pleased to see the property itself is gorgeous and upscale looking. I tried checking in at 3pm and was pleased to find no long line like previous reviews mentioned. A manager person greeted me and directed me to a clerk to check me in. The clerk was nice enough but she informed me a room was not ready and that check in time was actually between 3-5pm. Ohkaay, where, anywhere, does it state that but ok. They let us leave our bags and they would call me when a room was ready. The room was ready a short time later and I was pleased to find it clean, no mystery stains, yay! I will say like others have some things needed attention like replacing remote batteries and better toiletries but beyond that the room was clean, quiet, and beds were comfortable. I ordered breakfast room service twice and was very pleased with the quality and the timeliness. The casino is indeed smaller than Venetian's but it's just a short walk to the next casino. Overall, I would stay again especially if there's a good deal.
5	This is probably the best hotel you can find in Vegas. It's decently priced, well-decorated and furnished, and clean.I love the living room and the separate toilet. The rest of the hotel is nice as well. Every time I come to Vegas I stay at the Palazzo.It's a great place!
5	When i'm involved with planning the trip, i only stay at the Venetian or the Palazzo. Palazzo has better parking(imo) once you get to know their crazy setup. I'm also not saying the parking at the Venetian is bad....its just like saying you can park 10 feet closer to the door.....its not a HUGE deal but every little bit helps when you have to lug around peoples luggage. I'm sure all of the other reviews have covered everything about their awesome service, how accomodating they are, how seamless the entire experience is so I'm not gonna bother adding to it. My only complaint, they dont have a nice big jacuzzi tub to soak in when youre losing your ass in the casino and want to call it a night an relax. haha
5	excellent service and amazing rooms! the palazzo is my favorite place to stay in vegas!
4	Ok I pretty much stay here everytime I come to vegas... the rooms are fantastic our host pablo is amazing and the overall feel of the place is upbeat and energized. ONLY complaint. The CASINO staff is the WORST I've ever seen. The dealers are awful in the pit and the pit bosses are even worse. The lack of customer service is unreal. I love this hotel and if I am taking the risk of gambling I would like to risk it where I stay but with the type of people I dealt with this weekend I am very reluctant. I've worked in the casino bussiness for 5 years or so and I would be firing people if they acted anywhere near what I saw this weekend. I hope this gets attended too as this hotel is one of my favorites in vegas.
5	scored a decent price on priceline. $20 sandwich worked at the front desk; was upgraded to strip view at no charge. Modern, luxurious in-suite amenities (makeup desk/stool/mirror). Overall great experience
4	Came to the Palazzo for a 15-member bachelor party in late August.  The rooms are spacious, bathroom larger than some apartments I have lived in, a shower head that will leave you refreshed if not blown away, and some nice beds to sleep off whatever you put in your body for the day.  Valet helped arrange a limo on the spot, front desk was friendly, and the rooms were cleaned right on time.  A bit pricey for what you get in Vegas, especially during the slower time for the economy.  Ask for a strip-view up on the higher floors and you won't be disappointed.
3	After about a month, I still feel mixed about my stay at The Palazzo.Pro:  The staff were all very polite.  Con:  We needed the staff way more than we should have.  For example, we're checking in and asking to have rooms near our friends' rooms, if possible.  If they had said, no, sorry, there isn't anything available, that would have been okay.  A bummer, but not their fault as they have no idea that we are part of a party,  But they said, sure, let's see what we can do.  Our check-in person was literally saying out loud, "Oh, here's a room just down the hall, let me get that for you..." then she had to click seventy buttons just to find out "Oh, no, sorry, that room's gone to someone else."  While I realize they are checking in 30 people at once, you'd think they can work into the system that another agent is working on a room and not let others book the room while it's being offered to another guest.  This happened 3 times.  We were "upgraded" to a "Strip View" room for the delay, but I'd rather have checked in within 5 minutes than 30.  Then to later find out stuff in the room was broken...Pro:  The rooms were spacious and comfy.Con:  Stuff was broken and wonky.We didn't really need or use the suite aspect of the room - others in our group wanted to share rooms but we prefer to have our own.  It's too big for two people for just a weekend.  But we stayed there since the rest of our group was.  The room was really big and the bed was comfy.  We didn't really need that much space - we don't go to Vegas to hang out in the room!  But it was comfy and the tee vee had more than 20 channels which was nice.  But weird stuff was broken and the lights were... this makes me sound stupid... confusing.  So about half of the electrical outlets didn't work, including 2 in the bathroom.  Which is difficult when you're a woman planning for a night out at Tao and need your styling aids.  And the hair dryer didn't work, which I discovered AFTER getting out of the shower - we had to wait 45 minutes for a replacement, which inconvenienced the prep for the aforementioned Tao outing.  There is a master light switch near the door which turns on all of the lights in the room.  That's fine.  But finding the light switches for individual lights was really difficult.  I ended up just unplugging the bedstand light because I literally could not find the switch.  Then the next night it was plugged back in by the housekeeping staff apparently, and I couldn't figure out how to turn it on!  As someone mentioned, the bathroom lights were weirdly dim, and the light in the toilet was maybe 30 watts.  Plus the toilet had no fan... it's a hotel.  It's close quarters.  No matter how much you love your spouse, you need a damn fan in a separated toilet.  Just sayin'.Pro:  The bars and restaurants were nice.Con:  The clientele was... kinda dull.The Palazzo seems to have an "old" clientele.  And I don't mean old in age, I mean old in attitude.  I'm a pretty mellow person and don't really consider myself a partier, but it's Vegas, godammit!  I want to stay out late, I want to drink some drinks, I want to have a good time!  The Salute Lounge is a piano bar next to the Jersey Boys theater - it's not the best dueling pianos on the strip but it was fine... the audience was fricken lame.  They just sat there without singing along or yelling or cheering or anything.  Then they closed at 1 AM.  Seriously?  Luckily the cool cocktail waitress (again, good staff) suggested we head over to the Venetian where one of the bars had a fun cover band until 3:30 AM.  But everything at The Palazzo was dead after midnight, including the casino.  Beer:  Nothing too special on the casino floor/casino bars, but hooray for Iburgers which offered not only craft beer on draft, but also spiked and "very spiked" milkshakes.  We didn't get to try FIRST Food & Bar, but they have an extensive bottled beer list, if a dull tap selection.
5	The Palazzo is the younger sister of The Venetian and it is the best 5 star hotel I've stayed at. I stayed here for 2 weekday nights in their King Suite (720 sq ft) which is their standard room and I was highly impressed by the overall hotel and room decor.  Very spacious and extravagant. The suite was so big, I did not get to utilize the sunken living room. Their pool was decent. I loved the area where they placed lounge chairs in the pool, where you can relax & get a nice tan without being baked by the sun.  I went during the summer months and one of the pool attendants gave everyone an ice-cold towel to cool down which is spectacular!As with all of the resorts on the strip, they charge a daily resort fee of $25 to use their internet access and fitness center.Great price, $129/night plus 2 tickets to Phantom. No complaints other than the shower head.  Let's just say it was not gentle at all.
5	I ended up staying at the Palazzo completely by random, using Expedia's option where you can select a "5 Star hotel," general strip location, and it reveals the hotel name once it's paid for. This method felt like a gamble, but hey, this IS Vegas! As it turns out, I saved about $50 a night vs. booking it "known" through the same travel site. And either way, I was more than satisfied with The Palazzo. I've spent a fair bit of time in Vegas, having worked there for a while. I've tried many of the higher end hotels (and some dogs), but after this stay, I will definitely repeat. My room had a great view, overlooking the pool, the strip, and TI. The suite was plenty spacious -- the sunken living room a nice touch. High end accompaniments, including the office space with all-in-one printer were welcomed. 3 TV's in the room, including one facing the large soaker tub, keep you well entertained during any Vegas "down time." Overall, everything felt new, clean, and elegantly designed. Loved the pool area as well -- multiple pools, including topless. Sigh.
5	Love this hotel! It is beautiful and service is awesome. From bell hops to room service, everyone treats you like royalty. You pay for it, but it is well worth it to stay at the Palazzo. They have a nice pool that didn't seem to get too crowded, even on a Saturday and the Grand Lux Cafe is affordable, open late and very yummy.
4	You all know about the fabulous suites.Handing out free popsicles by the pool - that is a nice touch.  Lots of nice pools so there is no need to pay and go to Azure.You get a little sick of hearing Phantom every time you ride the elevator.
1	My wallet was taken from my room!  I stayed at the Palazzo during Labor Day weekend, with several of my girlfriends.  It was taken while we were at the pool.  The total value is about $450.  I filed a report with Risk Management, and was told to call them a few days later.  It took 3 voicemails and a fax for someone to get back to me, only to tell me that they found nothing "suspicious" with regards to the room safe.  I've asked for names of the people who entered my room while we were out (since it was cleaned) but they've since stopped responding to me.  I also contacted Public Relations, Group Sales, etc. and have not heard a single peep from anyone at the hotel.  This whole ordeal has been an absolute nightmare.  The Palazzo clearly does not care about security or customer service.  Being ignored in this way is beyond infuriating.  I've had to go as far as filing a police report and a complaint with the BBB.  I'd NEVER recommend anyone staying here!
5	B E A U T I F U L By far, my favorite experience staying here in Las Vegas. Phenomenal luxury & amenities. Generous suites & comparable price point.
4	Yelp 365 Challenge: 48/365 Alright, hypothetical scenario, what would be your response to the following: Say you just met someone you're really interested in. You're first encounter was a success and a second is inevitable. However, scheduling is hard between the two of you. As a compromise, the person says "Hey, I've got a younger sibling. They're just as hot as me (if not more), and about 8 years younger. I know you guys will totally get along... Don't worry, I don't mind sharing. Oh, and your date is totally on me!" *********************!!!!!!!!!!Jackpot!!!!!!!!!!********************* That's basically how my relationship with The Palazzo started. After my first encounter with The Venetian, I was totally a fan and couldn't wait to get back there. Naturally, I enrolled in their loyalty program (Grazie) and started to receive offers for free rooms. Sadly, our schedules weren't a good fit. However, in walks in the younger, sexy sibling... The Palazzo. The rest is history! The Palazzo is the younger, modern, and chic sibling I was thrilled to meet. Her vibe is very sexy and tantalizing while maintaining a demeanor of cool and collected. Think beautiful woman in a sexy outfit commanding a boardroom full of CEO's. The crowd here is definitely older and more eclectic. She attracts a more diverse crowd comprised of international travelers from around the globe. Again, I'm in love with the rooms because they are all suites! The smallest room they have here is 720 square feet! Layout is pretty much the same as The Venetian. But the in-room decor and accents are updated. To quote Barney Stinson "Newer is Better". The standard suite is either 1 King or 2 Queens, sunken living room, marble bathroom/foyer, separated shower and bath, 40" flat screen in the living room, 40" at the base of the bed, and 19" flat in the bathroom. The Palazzo also has some of the best on property amenities! My favorites include Emeril Lagasse's Stadium, Cut by Wolfgang Puck, and Grand Luxe Cafe. The casino is great because of the large vaulted ceilings. The smell of cigarette & cigar smoke is dispersed nicely. They even have a non-smoking corridor which is great! Overall, The Palazzo is my second home away from home. I am more than thrilled to stay here when I'm in town. My only gripe is the bottleneck that can occur in the elevator banks when conventions are in town. The Palazzo is closer to the convention halls and thousands of people coming and going at the same time really congest the elevators. But that's minor!
5	to the many trips ive taken to vegas, i think ive consistently stayed at this hotel the most.  though circus circus is a close second which is the best place when youre a little kid trying to win stuffed animals on the midway.heres a few reasons i like palazzo:-the location is prime, youre close enough to other spots in vegas-there are fantastic restaurants within the place, like delmonico.-rooms are spacious and can fit a big party.-parking is fairly easy
2	I was pretty disappointed with the Palazzo.  We had a Prestige Suite and with the Prestige package we expected a certain level of customer service.  We did get a champagne check in, but had to wait 15 minutes in line.  Our room was not ready at check in, so we had to drop our bags and wander for 2 hours until they called us. Our room was very nice with a great strip view and really was worth the wait.  We used the sleeper sofa, but didn't have a comforter, only sheets.  When we asked for a comforter, they didn't understand what that meant and gave us more sheets.When we tried to go to the Prestige cocktail service, they wouldn't let us in with outside food, understandably.  But they refused to hold our pizza box and were quite rude about it.  So we never went to cocktails.  The shops were nice, but the employees were terribly rude.  The girls at Christian Louboutin were more interested in trying on the shoes themselves rather than help us.  In another clothing store, we asked the name of the designer of a dress, and the clerk said "That dress is $4500".  That's funny, we didn't ask the price, we asked who made it.  Made me feel like Pretty Woman.  Altogether, the hotel & amenities were great but the service was awful and employees were pretty rude.  I wouldn't go back to be treated like that again.
1	I used to love this hotel and it used to be my favorite place to stay in Las Vegas but not anymore. The front desk made numerous mistakes to our profile upon check in. When we asked to correct them, it took more than one try and more than one phone call. Because of this when my sister tried to charge something to the room, she was treated like a thief. When my sister's key card demagnitized, they gave her a new one but then canceled my key card as well without telling her. It then took over 45 minutes to get security to get me in my room which was a really problem because I was there for work at a convention. I missed part of an important meeting as a result. They also charged us for an upgrade they didn't give us. I had to call to get credit for the mistake and that phone call took more than 30 minutes. The service at the Grand Luxe in Palazzo side was terrible. It was slow and the waitress couldn't even get the drink order right. I completed the customer survey and received an email from Theresa Miranda in customer relations to apologize. She also offered to help with any future stay because of our experience so I thought, what the heck, we were planning to go back for my birthday that is coming up so asked for some rates. It's now been a week and she hasn't responded. I would think twice about calling this place a four star or five star hotel anymore.
5	Best hotel in Vegas, hands down. Everything is on point from the architecture, rooms, customer service, easy access to transportation, staff, restaurants (Delmonico Steakhouse = NOM NOM NOM, Aquaknox - try their seafood salad - soooooooo good, Lavo, etc.), clubs (Tao/Lavo), etc. I mean there's absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel. Everything is done really well. Also, a shortened version (95 minutes) of Phantom of the Opera (called Phantom: The Las Vegas Spectacular) is right next door at their sister hotel, The Venetian. Go see it. The theater is incredible. It was specifically built for this production. Bravo, Palazzo... Bravo.
4	We were at Palazzo resort for three nights. We had three nights of clean, smell free, noise free sleeping. We did not hear the foot steps from above or corridor. We did not hear the noise of people taking shower or flush toilets.  The suite is good enough size. The free Wi-Fi made internet use easy. I gave it a 4 stars rating because it charges a $17 a day of resort fee. I did not understand why I had to pay the resort fee since I just used the room, go out and sleep.
4	(+)- large rooms- slightly newer than venetian(-)- shower head pressureLast time I was in vegas we got our room upgraded from venetian to palazzo. suhweet! Rooms are similar save for some small differences and you can tell all the roomwares are newer.The water pressure in the shower seemed like it was at the highest possible setting. Protect your nipples people! If showering in 80mph water is palazzos way of shortening shower time and saving water then more power to them cause it worked on me.
5	This is by far the nicest hotel that I have ever stayed in- its absolutely beautiful!  Our room was HUGE- it had a section for our sleeping area and another room the same size for lounging that had couches, a desk and another Tv.  The bed is so incredibly comfortable- I slept so great the entire trip.  I would absolutely stay here again and would totally recommend it.  The pool area is beautiful and there are lots of different pools to lay at to choose from and there was always seating even on the busiest days.  The only slight drawback is that the restaurants are all over the place and not conveniently located most of the time.  We got tired of constantly having to walk thru the mall over to the Venetian to eat.
1	Terrible experience across the board. It was a weekend getaway with my wife, and our first time away from the kids in a long time.  We upgraded to a nice suite, but they did not bother to tell us that it was a handicapped suite.   The bathroom is completely different and when I called to ask for a different suite they had nothing to offer, and just said tough luck. The supervisor was rude.  They said we could move rooms in the morning, but dropped the ball when we tried to do that the next day.  I would never stay again - there are just too many other better options in Las Vegas.
5	Easily the nicest hotel I've stayed at. I highly recommend it . Got it for $120 per night on price line for the labor day weekend. It turned out to be their smallest room..the Bella suite. Trust me..this is by no means small.  It had a sunken living room, remote controlled window blinds, 3 lcd Tvs, excellent bed, fantastic bath, shower. The only minor complaint was a non-working tanita body scale.  Darn, I was so looking forward to measuring my body fat.  The check-in process was quick and efficient. Note that they charge a resort fee which is about 20 bucks a night I think. It however pays for the wifi so it's not so bad.  The staff weren't snooty and pretentious. There is lots of underground free parking but you may have to hunt for that elusive spot at peak times.Lots of shops and restaurants in the hotel of which the grand lux cafe is outstanding. The Hotel is attached to the Venetian and provides easy access to the canal shoppes , blueman group , phantom of the opera.The casino is nice with the usual tables and slots. They didn't have a poker room though. The Venetian poker room is only a short walk away.You cannot go wrong with this hotel.
4	I like this hotel a lot. I stayed in it last week. It's pretty much the same thing as The Venetian but a different name. I'm pretty sure it's under the same ownership.The price of the room was decent--I don't remember what we paid.The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, they have good restaurants, the tables in the casino were good to me.Highly recommended hotel.
5	This hotel is seriously nice!  To start, the rooms are amazing and ooze luxury!  The Palazzo thought of everything.  The bathroom is grand, spacious and very clean.  I am still dreaming of that bathroom... and I'm not convinced I shouldn't have the exact same bathroom in my home.  The little amenities box was awesome.  It had everything one could need on an over night stay.  The bed was seriously comfortable!  Big and the perfect balance of not too soft and not too hard.  To room was big and had a great view, albeit, not of the Strip.  The casino downstairs and adjoining mall/stores are beautiful.  It is a very clean, pretty and comfortable hotel and I highly recommend it!!!
5	I've heard this is the BIGGEST hotel in the world. If they're counting the Venetian and all the shops connected, I think they might be telling the truth. The rooms are all suites, so they are also large. As described in other reviews, the rooms have both a sleeping area and a sunken living room area, in addition to the large bathroom with vanity and bench pair and separate toilet area. The room would be great for lounging with a few friends or a lover. Since I was by my lonesome (work thing) I personally enjoyed watching the Treasure Island show across the street with fireworks. The bed was amazing, apparently a Sealy from the card left on the nightstand. There are two gyms that are free to guests - the larger with a climbing wall! I'm grateful that I got to partake the special Prestige lounge area with amenities including a conference room, free wifi, and private check-in. Also included are special food and beverage times (free breakfast, cocktail hour, hour dourves). There was no champagne check in as advertised... but that could also be a consequence of the work thing. I look forward to going again and highly recommend to anyone who can afford it.
4	This Place is great for you big High rollers. Very clean and nice inside. The staff was very friendly. The big flaw in my book are the expensive drinks. $12 for a red bull and vodka...Yikes!
4	Beautiful suite, great food, loooooveeed the bed, casino was on point with the drinks, and overall good experience.
5	I am very impressed with the hotel rooms here. They are not kidding when they say they have the largest standard suites on the strip. Rooms are very comfortable and well decorated.  Having three TVs in the bedroom is a definite plus. We live soendibg time in the room wearing our complementary robs!  We will definitely be returning
3	Please read my review on the Venetian (first chose to stay at) and see why we ended up at the Palazzo. It's newer, cleaner, and definitely more modern. European modern is how I'd describe the rooms. The hotel is super clean with a beautiful fountain and waterfall inside... LAVO is AWESOME!!!... small but bangin club!... and good gaming (like any other casino).We had a suite (forgot the name) but it was around 1300 square feet. We were located on the 37th floor. The room was very nice. Double door entry, marble entryway, power room/mini bathroom, desk with fax/scanner/etc... super comfy couch with sofa sleeper, dining table, coffee table, TV and fancy stand, mini bar, huge separate bedroom with king size bed, another TV, a bunch of cute fancy chairs everywhere, shades that are remote controlled to go up and sideways, marble dresser, and a HUUUUUUUGE BATHROOM!!! I mean DAMN it was HUGE!!! Sinks on both sides, HUUUUUUGE jetted jacuzzi tub, stand up shower, and LCD TV screens next to each sink. It was NICE and 3949340439430340943032 better than the suite at the Venetian. STILL feel as if the BELLAGIO and the WYNN rooms/service are SUPERB compared to here... although they did do a good job with getting us settled and housekeeping was on it. BUT um no hair dryer?!?!?! Lame. If you're choosing between the Venetian or the Palazzo PLEASE stay at the Palazzo! Grand Lux Cafe and Lagasse Stadium... a bunch of other shops and restaurants. Nice place... no complaints, just not as good as the Bellagio or the Wynn.
4	We stayed here on our most recent trip to Vegas.  We enjoyed the large suite (even though we were not in it much).  We lucked out and booked the hotel through Hotwire, so we got a great deal on it.  The hotel and casino were very clean and the staff was friendly and helpful.  Our biggest complaint would have been the valet.  It took FOREVER for them to get our car, so we ended up just self parking.  Not the end of the world, but sort of disappointing when the rest of our stay was so wonderful.  My husband was very impressed with the gym.  He said it was the best hotel gym he had ever been in.My husband has stayed in the Venetian and said that the rooms were very similar.  There was a larger suite next to our sweet and one day while we were leaving house keeping was in there cleaning after the guests had departed so they let us take a peek.  It was sort of fun to see how the other half live (pool table, hot tub etc.)  We were very pleased with our stay and will more than likely return again!
3	It is a very nice hotel.  They have one of the smallest casino area so if your looking for more you can go next door to the Venetian or Cosmopolitan is good.Lots of food restaurants but very pricey.  I stayed in the Bella Suite and it is huge.  Lighting could be better.
5	I'm pretty sure the suites at Palazzo are the nicest entry-level rooms in Las Vegas. There might be some awesome suites that I don't even know about that you get hooked up with if you're big ballin'... But I'm not quite at that level yet. For my money, a double (really, a triple, with the pull-out couch in the sunken living room) at the Palazzo is the best home base for twenty-somethings trying to party.I've stayed here twice; both have been without a hitch. The most recent was Labor Day Weekend 2011. Showed up at 10 AM on Saturday and asked for our room, fully expecting to be told to come back in five hours. Au contraire, bonjour! A room was ready, albeit a smoking one. I was a little concerned, but I took it. Turns out I didn't have much to worry about... Yes, you could tell that people had smoked in there before, but I acclimated incredibly quickly and it never bothered me again.Service was great: Whether it was an iPod hookup or just some fresh towels, they responded impressively quickly for a holiday weekend. I don't have too much to say about the property aside from the room... I really like that they have underground self parking... The Grand Lux makes for some solid hungover eating, and I like Lavo much more as a restaurant than a club.BOTTOM LINE: Best bang-for-your-buck rooms in Vegas. The hotel is quieter than others, but it's in a great location, and you can have a top-notch pregame in the suites. Highly recommended.
2	If you are a serious gambler, you will NOT appreciate the attitude of the craps dealers at Palazzo.  Take the time to walk less than 5 minutes to the Venetian.  These have to be some of the most professional, and enjoyable dealers I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.
5	stayed here over the weekend and loved it.  we had vip check in which was quick and the lady was super duper friendly.  they had snacks and complimentary cocktails or anything you wanted.  Its nice cuz you can come to the lounge anytime you want and get snacks and drinks if your vip.  room beautiful!   loved it.  fabulous strip view.  house cleaning knew when to come and when we were out of our room, they did an excellent job of cleaning up and turn down service was nice.  really love this place.  its connected to the Venetian and the shopping is off the hook!!!!!
4	A girls weekend birthday bash. Where to go? Why, Vegas of course! The next decision? Where to stay!I went online and researched several hotel options finally settling on a "suite" package at The Palazzo. With the package were were allotted a room credit for use with the mini bar or movies, discounts at certain restaurants & stores, and 2 for 1 drink certificates for some of the hotel bars. I was met at the hotel by my best friend, who had flown in from Chicago for our celebratory weekend. We checked in at noon (bonus that our room was ready before normal check-in hours) and were ushered 21 floors up to our suite - it did not disappoint. The bathroom was luxurious and spacious enough for 3 ladies to share for 3 days. (another friend flew in from Philly later that evening) The beds and linens were plush and comfortable. The sunken sitting area/living room was great extra space to spread out and enjoy cocktails. And the view was amazing! We looked onto the pool as well as the strip with views of Trump Tower, Treasure Island and Fashion Show. Within The Palazzo you'll find plenty to do. From restaurants (Dos Caminos, Tao and Sushi Samba) to bars/nightclubs (Lavo, Tao Nightclub, V Bar, Laguna Champagne Bar) the casino, and the Shoppes at the Palazzo there is plenty to entertain you and you literally don't even have to leave the hotel. Even nicer, is the fact you can access The Venetian as well as Encore and Wynn quite easily since they are all linked by pedestrian bridges. For a girls weekend, birthday or any other event where Vegas calls, I would highly recommend checking out The Palazzo. Even better if you can score a deal during off season, like I did. Waking up in a comfortable, luxurious room, is well worth the hangover you're likely to incur during your visit! Viva Las Vegas!
4	I've stayed here on many occasions.  Recently stayed for a friend's birthday celebration.  9-11 girls in one room was manageable.Love that the rooms are all suites. The beds are ridiculous.  Like sleeping on a cloud.  Service was impeccable.  And the location is super convenient. Definitely a favorite.Ball so hard!
5	So I have used Hotwire with some success.  I scored when I picked a five star room on the north end of the strip and got the Palazzo.  The Palazzo was the nicest place I have ever stayed.  Amazing!  If you don't know already, every room in the Palazzo is a suite.  The smallest room is 720 square feet.  Awesome!  The basic suite is huge with a sunken living room, sectional couch, and three tv's, inlcuding one in the bathroom.  The bathroom is also huge.  We could not have been any happier with our stay.  Everything is beautiful!  They were very accomodating and even gave friends of ours a connecting room.  Our strip view was great.  The Palazzo is directly across the street from Treasure Island so there is a decent free show directly across the street.
5	I've been out to the Venetian & the Palazzo several times in the last couple of years but have never taken the time to write a review. After my fourth trip to either the Palazzo or the Venetian (their rooms are exactly the same, but the Palazzo is a few years newer) I just had to sit down and share my consistently outstanding experiences here.There are often long lines to check in (when you have 7100 rooms, there are a lot of people in and out) but, they move quickly and the front desk staff is friendly, efficient and knowledgeable. They give good directions to the guest elevators (in such a HUGE complex, it is very easy to get lost) so you can find your room. Keep your key envelope with you so you can remember your room numbers ... you might end up with something like 41-836! No "room 103" at this hotel!The suites are gorgeous, a large bedroom area and a sunken living room with (hopefully for you) a great view of the Wynn golf course, or the extensive pool areas, or if you're really lucky -- overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and a view of the Treasure Island pirate show and the Mirage Volcano show across the street. The bathrooms are HUUUUGE with a separate shower, bathtub, two sinks and a separate/private room for the toilet. I love the makeup stand with mirrors so you can sit and put on your makeup for the day.I've been very impressed every time I see housekeeping staff on the floor, they always inquire about my suite and if I'm having a good stay. The elevators are typically quick, and they do have express elevator banks for low, mid-tower and high floors so you're not stopping on every floor along the way.Be careful of the mini-bar, it's pressure sensitive and if you take out a snack, it will be put on your bill immediately. The only down side is that they allow smoking in the casino. Maybe some day there will be non-smoking casinos ... one can only hope.I've been to the Venetian and Palazzo for several different reasons: two conventions, one business trip and one personal trip. Every experience was outstanding. I could not have asked for anything more. Our conventions (with 7000+ attendees) were executed flawlessly. The banquet staffs greeted us by name as we were going through buffet lines (yes, we were wearing conference badges ... but they NOTICED and USED our names!)They do have an extensive pool area, the Canyon Ranch Spa and a huge fitness center, none of which I have had time to use while I've been there. I usually go for a run out on Las Vegas Blvd. in the mornings before it gets busy instead of paying the $17+ "resort fee" which includes access to the fitness center and wi-fi in the room. If you're going to use the gym or the wi-fi, it's worth signing up for the resort fee. Access to the gym is $40/day a la carte and wi-fi is $12.95/day.They have some INCREDIBLE restaurants in the hotel complex, many with celebrity chefs such as Emeril Lagasse (Delmonico's steaks, Table 10 or Lagasse Sports Book), Mario Batali, Thomas Keller, Wolfgang Puck. Or more casual fare. The Canal Shoppes offer some high end shopping ... you can easily spend your winnings right there!I wish there was a Starbucks in the complex, but there are only Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf cafe's instead. But, walk across the street, there is a Starbucks right on the corner across from the Palazzo entrance. I love the change of the seasons in their decor near the fountain and the staff is always warm and welcoming.Elegance, indulgence, sophistication. Three words that sum up the Venetian & Palazzo hotels. Join GRAZIE ... it's free and you get discounts and premium seats for Jersey Boys, Phantom of the Opera and Blue Man Group. If you're a Priority Club member, you can collect points from the InterContinental Alliance partnership.Room Tip: Ask to be put on a floor higher than 10 so you can have a little bit of a view. Anything lower than 10 and you're probably going to be overlooking the air conditioning units of the convention center.See more room tips
5	Got a great flight/room deal here for Columbus day weekend. Booked Friday left Saturday morning because spontaneity is fun and maybe I have a little bit of a gambling problem. Got to the hotel at 9:30 am and they were able to find me a room that was ready immediately with a strip view for a negligible extra cost so I didn't hesitate to take it. I was also presented with a packet with various dining and drink discounts upon check in.After checking in a manager came up to ask if everything was suitable within 15 minutes. The rooms are great here. Plenty of space. You have a full living area in addition to the area with the bed. All the decor is matched perfectly down to the packaging that the mini bar snacks on the counter are in. Note that you shouldn't even TOUCH them unless you intend on purchasing because they run on a sensor and as soon as its moved your room could get charged. The beds and pillows were comfortable. The bathrooms had a sit down vanity/makeup mirror area and a TV and they had a little kit of items that I always forget (nail file, sewing kit with safety pins, q tips, shower cap) that many places don't even provide these days.The casino here was as nice as any of the high end Vegas hotels and they have staff coming around to offer players cards to people who are gambling. The girl who took care of mine came back with a card for me within 10 minutes and gave me directions to the promotions table where they set the card up with my email and gave me a free t shirt for signing up. They have quite the selection of restaurants and high end stores (I can't even count how many times I longingly stared in that Louboutin Store window) to make sure that if you win the big one you'll have somewhere to spend it.
5	We stayed at the Palazzo to see the Jersey Boys a couple years ago and the times I've been back I've tried other hotels just to be "adventurous" and see what the others are like.  None have compared so far.  Don't want to name names, but same price range with what I would expect to be same quality from the others, but they just didn't compare.  Everytime I've gotten to my room at these others I'm a little let down and have buyers remorse that I should have just stayed a the Palazzo again.  I'm thinking that will be our next stay on our next visit.Prego!  Arriva derchi!
4	Stayed here, in some kind of suite, with a couch, it was nice, modern appeared newly done. I like the summer Azzule pool parties. The shops are also great (it has A mall inside). Nice hotel will stay here again (good for summer ps in Vegas).I don't like that if you open the refrigerator you are automatically charged whether you drink the drinks in there or not.
5	Beautiful inside, great service, smells good. Nice shops too.
4	I was here just to wander, eat, see Jersey Boys, didn't get a room.  It seems cleaner and nicer than the Venetian and it's relatively easy to get around.  It didn't smell quite as smokey.  I'd try staying here next time, rather than the Venetian.
4	Stayed at the Palazzo for a crazy Halloween weekend in Vegas. With almost no deals that weekend, being that the Cigar Convention AND that is was Halloween, we were going to pay a pretty penny anywhere we went. At least at the Venetian and Palazzo, you get a little suite with your room. I've stayed at the Venetian, and the Palazzo definitely feels like a mini upgrade. The building is newer, the rooms are modern-chic, and the room had a total of three tvs. One in the bathroom! I got to shower, while watching the Rocky Horror Picture Show, on Halloween. You can't beat that!!Room service was fast and pretty affordable. The beds were very comfy, and the couch could have held 2 extra party crashers on it. The parking was confusing at first, but after one time, it's easy.
4	I've been to this hotel on multiple occassions for business and pleasure and its my preference at the moment in Vegas.  The majority of the rooms are all the same and labeled as 'suites'.  You have the main entrance to your room, the bathroom and bed immediately inside and then you get this 3 step strairs to the "social area" or whatever you want to call it where you can gaze out over the Nevada area.  I've never had an issue with service, from checking my car in with valet to my room and leaving again.  The upside - This casino has a lot going for it.  Location is fairly nice being central on the strip.  Its surrounded by other nice hotels too.  I'm not a smoker but this is Vegas but this hotel has managed to strike a nice balance.  In major walkway routes through the hotel and other heavy traffic areas like food areas smoking is not allowed and security or staff will ask you to move along.  Smoking IS allowed on the casino floor and in most other areas.  Overall the ambience is great and its very enjoyable.The downside - You're going to pay a little more for your hotel room.One of these days I'd love to get a super awesome room at the upper most floors and if I manage that while the hotel is still awesome, I'll update my review which will probably push this to 5 stars.
5	Love the atmosphere and feel of this hotel/Casino. I know there's other high end casinos to love but this place has all the goodies like the Grand Luxe Cafe, Spanish 21, Lavo and we've won here! Hehe. Give em a try and get the Grazie card... You'll get some rooms comped.
4	I've stayed at the Wynn Encore, and I was hoping to stay again at the Wynn, but the conference I was at was at the Venetian so I stayed here instead.I think that the Wynn is nicer and more upscale, but after spending several days at the Palazzo I ended up liking this complex very much. A very extensive complex with lots of restaurant and some pretty unique shops and a good gym/spa.  Next time I come I'll be hard pressed to decide whether to stay at the Wynn (slightly more upsacle but a little less to do) or the Palazzo. Maybe a few nights at each. Why I would not come back to the Palazzo - the constant Phantom of the Opera music in the elevators and the other crappy shows at the Palazzo.
4	Okay. I never stayed at this place because normally it's a 5 Star, Super Expensive Hotel, like the Wynn or Caesar's. But Michael Woods was DJ-ing at the Lavo Club during my business trip (when I stayed at the Imperial) and it was just next door. So Eric and I decided to check it out. We had dinner reservations at the Lavo restaurant, started with a glass of wine which cost $15/glass... (BTW, we decided to have dinner because it saved us $50 on cover charge to the club, so something to consider if you want to do the same) The bartender poured us a FULL glass in a nice, big wine glass, so I felt like I paid for 2 servings. BTW, Lavo means 'to cleanse' in Latin... which was interestingly true to its name, based on my dining experience which I'll explain shortly.I was amazed at the decor... Stunning, Chic, Exotic, Upscale... Sexy... with Great sound system. Very nicely done ( And I am kind of hard to please...)  Reminded me of Tao at the Venetian but classier (is the right word?) There were a good mix of people, very well dressed (90% were) from early 30s to mid 50s. It was a Tuesday night but the place was packed! I found out later that the Palazzo had a great promotional room rate for $120 a night, when the rates are $250 +. Had I known about this sooner, I wouldn't have minded staying there on my last night... Hopefully they'll keep offering great deals in the future.Anyway, we waited about 15 minutes before we were escorted to our table, which wasn't too bad. Our server was I have to say the hottest looking one there... but he wasn't the most social one I've met. Okay, now for the fun part.... the Food.Well, I went with the margherita pizza and Eric ordered spaghetti with Kobe meat balls (highly recommended by our server) and we split a house salad. We were served garlic bread supposedly 'compliments from the chef'.... isn't bread supposed to be 'free' anywhere? My favorite thing to eat that night...? The Salad. I was disappointed at the pizza... it was thin crust but it was dry and way too much garlic on it. So was the bread.... Beware. If you are Not a Garlic Fan (BTW, i am one but except for Kimchi, I usually cook the garlic!) just try a small piece. My breath smelled garlic all night, but that's not the worst part.... about 2 hours later, I was running for the bathroom and I was in and out at least 4 times. Good thing the bathroom wasn't too crowded that night. The food just ran right through me.... It was the Raw Garlic on my bread and Salty Pizza and Meatballs that did it... the gallon of water and tea I downed all night didn't help either. I should have known better. But I ate most of my pizza because I didn't want to waste a $18 meal... and I helped Eric with one of his Kobe meatballs.... it was a $30 plate... but They were Huge! It was hard for both of us to finish the food since it was a good serving. My take on the Kobe meatballs? Disappointing. They were tender and I could tell they were made from Kobe beef... but they were way too salty. Yes, my homemade regular turkey meatballs taste way better. Anyway, my point is All the Food (at least that night I was there) was Way too Salty and Garlicky. And keep in mind, Garlic and Salt are natural remedy for Diarrhea.... Sorry I hope you're not eating while reading this... :-OBack to my evening at the Lavo... PalazzoThe club opens at 11pm during the week and at 10pm on weekends... so we had an hour to spare after dinner. So we decided to walk around. Here's the best part. The entire casino was Smoke Free!! Wow, it was such a different experience to be in a casino in Vegas that didn't smell like cigarettes! (BTW, you can smoke at the Lavo Club, but the ventilation there is really great, so it wasn't too bad)So, as we were walking around, Eric encouraged me to play a 5 cts poker machine. So we picked one and put a $20 bill in it.... Are you ready for this?In the second hit, I got 4 Aces!!!!!!!!! I Won $130!Okay, here's the BIG TIP. You HAVE TO BET MAXIMUM, NO MATTER WHAT YOU PLAY IN ORDER TO WIN ANYTHING, ESPECIALLY IF YOU WANT TO WIN BIG. PERIOD.So I said well, I'll just spend the rest of my $20 and we will cash out.Guess what?! On my 5th hit, I got another 4 Aces!!!!!!!! Anyway, I walked out of the casino with $225 cash so it basically paid for our whole evening and room. Yeah!!The Lavo Club was really nice. It was not a big place, but I prefer intimate clubs like that. Sound system and lighting were amazing! The musics loud, but it's one of the clubs that you can have a conversation with the person next to you!  There was a good crowd of people that night and we stayed from 11pm - 2am... Michael Woods didn't start till 1am, but we enjoyed his music for about an hour and walked back to our hotel. There you have it! So, If it weren't for the food, I would have rated 5 stars for this place! I would definitely want to check out the casino, maybe stay there sometime, if the rates are good ... and Play my Machine again! :-)
4	Stayed here for a conference and it was nice.  Luckily there was a conference rate, I wouldn't have been able to squeeze the corporate-approved travel budget to fit their usual rate.  Rooms are, as noted across the board, huge.  It's a new place, so it's pretty nice.  There's a TV in the bed area, a TV in the sunken living room (10 feet to the side of the bed area), and a TV in the bathroom.  You will never lack for a TV in these rooms.  The entire hotel is ginormous, but that can have its benefits, especially being attached to the Venetian, in terms of number of shopping and dining options available -- A LOT.  Vegas, in this sense, has furthered itself in becoming the new Texas -- it's hot, sunny, dusty, everything's bigger, and for some reason crazy Uncle Larry really wanted to move there when he retired.  The bathroom has a separate shower and tub, and the shower has those jets that squirt you in places that you don't normally get squired in.  There's a super handy Walgreen's practically in the hotel for slightly more reasonably priced water and snacks.  There is no fridge in the room, unfortunately...and by no fridge I mean no fridge for you, since the mini-fridge is filled with glass harmonicas full of Coca-Cola and bags containing 1 cashew nut for $72.50 and things like that.
5	Really nice four night stay in early November.  Beginning with the warm and gracious welcome by the front desk staff to the helpful overall staff and beautiful suite, our entire stay was wonderful.  The surroundings are just lavish and the shopping between the Palazzo and the Venetian is upscale with lots of variety.The casino is pretty typical high-end Vegas (don't be looking for $5 tables here or even more than 1 or 2 $15 tables after 6:00 on the weekend) although they seem to have some heavy duty smoke eating equipment as it seemed less smokey than others, especially Caesar's Palace.  This was my 3rd trip to Vegas and stayed at MGM Grand the first trip and Luxor on the second.  Palazzo is by far the best of that bunch.
4	I think I was expecting the new hotel it was in 2007, and I have to say that I was disappointed. Having stayed here when it opened, I would have given it 5 stars, but after a couple years, this hotel has worn down quite a bit. The rooms are still decently clean and look luxurious at first glance, but once you get in there and start "living" in the room, you notice all the dingy little details...the water stains on the marble sinks, the splotchy,disgusting stains on the sofa and cushions...you really start to wonder who and what has been in the room and what they've been doing...ew...To the hotel's credit, they were very nice and accomodating, giving me a free upgrade for being an invited guest. We got a great view of the pool on a high floor and the the linens were soft and clean. We did not have any problems with the hotel maid, considering we had random valuables and several bottles of "beverages" lying around...nothing went missing! :) They didn't hassle us having multiple people in one room, so that was nice. This is a great hotel if you're looking for suites to jam a ton of people into one room, but if you're looking for a WOW experience, I have to say the Palazzo falls short. I will say that they always offer me great deal through Grazie and I probably will still patronize this hotel. I'm ready to try something new though if I get a chance. :)
5	Great stay - wonderful experience! Hotel staff is helpful, service is above par and The Palazzo seems to break up the monotony of Vegas over the top, fakeness - its a nice balance to stay here and experience the rest of Vegas!  I have stayed at The Venetian, Bellagio, Ceasar's and MGM, and The Palazzo is the only way to go - my new go to place!!
5	The suite and view were wonderful.  The front desk staff member that checked me in was helpful.  He was having trouble with his computer and gave us a complimentary view upgrade for our inconvenience.  I like the fact that a hotel room key has to be shown before anyone is let in to the hotel elevator area.  The house cleaning staff was great.  There are some hotels where the cleaning crew is noisy in the hallways.  Not the case here.  The beds were comfortable and the suite spacious.  They provide an amenities box in the restroom just in case you have forgotten items at home.
3	I was not impressed. The staff would leave bags of soiled linens out in the hallway for hours at a time, the room service food was absolutely terrible and overpriced, and my bed was slept in so much that it had a curve in it that made me feel like I was going to spill out of it. I expected much, much more from an expensive hotel.
5	Beautiful place, here for conference and it's one of the largest I have attended with over 6000 people.  The Palazzo was one of the best venues for this with the Sands expose to accommodate the entire event.  But I love the colors, the textures, and the look of both the Palazzo and the Venetian.  But what I found was a surprise, the common sitting areas were stained with fabrics that were worn and ripping.  The frames of the sofa's were scratched and worn out.  The place was clean and kept clutter free, but to see a dingy sofa was a big turn off.  I still haven't been in a room yet, this was noticed just in the conference areas.  So it makes me wonder what they look like.
4	nice newer and fance pants place..very nice i wish I could stay here sometime.
4	Was attending Autodesk University last week as since we were with the group we got an excellent rate on a suite - I must say I was quite impressed.There was ample room and a posh interior - much more space than I could ever use solo, but if you're rooming with others this would be a great option. There's a clear sleeping area and visiting/lounging area. The bathroom is almost as big as my first one bedroom apartment, but a lot nicer.I was only there two nights, but the staff was helpful and friendly. At the bottom of the tower is Bouchon Bakery, which was great as I could pick up some coffee and munchies before heading to the convention center.I've stayed at a number of places on the strip - the Palazzo is definitely one of the nicer venues and (given a killer rate) I'd for sure stay there again.
5	Loved it! We stayed in the Bella Suite and we enjoyed our room so much! We didn't upgrade to a strip view, instead we had a view of a gold course and some side streets and it was lovely! The room was well appointed, the bathroom was great and I have zero complaints!
4	Nice hotel connected to the Venetian. We stayed at the Venetian, but this one looks pretty nice as well. The restaurants and bars/lounges are plentiful and the location is great.
5	The Palazzo gets 5 stars! I stayed here this passed weekend and was very impressed. I've stayed all over the strip and I have to admit this was one of my best experiences in a Vegas hotel. The staff was friendly and accommodating, the rooms were beautiful and classy, the over all feel of the hotel was fantastic. We had a large group so we decided to book two suites. They were able to give us two adjoining suites so we could all be together. It was perfect! The suites had two beds, an el shaped couch, and one of the sides pulled out. The bathrooms had both a shower and a bathtub and lots of mirror spaces which made it that much easier to get ready among eleven other girls. We had brunch at Lavo on Saturday and we were impressed with the quality and taste of the food. The layout of the hotel were perfect, not confusing to navigate like other hotels (ahem..MGM). The casino led right to the lobby one one side and the elevator to our suite on the other. There was a coffee bean located right by our elevator which was PERFECT to roll out of bed in the morning (technically the afternoon..but it's Vegas who cares!).Over all we loved everything about the Palazzo and highly recommend it!!Xoxo blondie
2	FOLLOW UP :  The Guest Service Management contacted me and they have been very kind, helpful and friendly.  They have offered us another try.  We will return next year and I will let you know how it goes:)The concierge staff is all a bit snotty, they should be a lot more personable.  I don't understand why it is so difficult to help you.  They should have jumped on the issue with the Strawberry delivery, taken ownership and called guest services and the front desk for me.  They should anticipate my needs rather than me having to pull their teeth out to have my needs met.  Dear Mr. Adelson, My husband and I recently stayed at the Palazzo Hotel in Las Vegas with two close friends of ours.  We stayed from Friday to Monday and they were in their room, from Saturday to Monday.  I have stayed at Venetian a number of times in the past.  As well, we have stayed at the Bellagio, the Green Valley Resort and other hotels too, as we come to Las Vegas 1-2 times a year at the very least.  I am writing to you because we had a number of negative incidents occur during our stay. As the former Assistant Manager of Visitor Services for the San Francisco Convention and Visitors Bureau, as well as a concierge and front desk agent at five star properties in California including the Sonoma Mission Inn and Spa, I know what to expect from a luxury hotel.  I did not receive the service that I expected from the team members at the Palazzo.  The following issues came up during our stay.  1.  Because our friends were celebrating birthdays while staying with you, we pre-arranged a delivery from Sherries Berries.  The chocolate covered strawberries never made it to our friends.  Although, they were signed for by an employee of yours, M. RIVERA at approximately 10:15 am on Saturday, December 3.   I called your concierge to inquire about this delivery and was told that they don't handle deliveries like this.  I was then transferred to the guest services department.  They told me that the item had never been delivered.  They then sent me back to the front desk and I was told the same thing.2. We ended up having to have your concierge deliver another gift of balloons and truffles to them.  I was disappointed as this was now Sunday and they were leaving on Monday and unable to take the balloons on the plane.  The concierge said they would be in their room when they returned from lunch at 1:30.  We returned after 2pm and they were not there.  I called down and was told that the florist didn't have a key.  Apparently, the concierge didn't deliver it him or herself...was this because there was no tip for them too as it was a phone order?  I don't know.  3. Speaking of the concierge, I was looking for tickets to the Sunday showing of the new Michael Jackson show at the Mandalay Bay.  I had done some research at home so I knew there were still some $50 tickets available.  I figured the concierge at a luxury resort could help us.  Well, we met the not so friendly concierge on Saturday afternoon.  We asked him about tickets to the show, he grunted and took a look.  He told us there were TWO prices ....70 something and 100 something.  I told him that no, we had seen that there are $50 tickets.  Well, he insisted that there were not any of this sort and he couldn't help us.  We went to our room; I used my iPhone and purchased 2 x $50 tickets.  Seems to me the concierge wanted a commission and there must not have been one on the $50 tickets?4. Who in the world decided to block the entire entrance to the hotel from the lobby with the Stiletto Race?  There was barely any walk space alongside the viewers, the tables were blocked and we had to walk all around to get where we wanted to go.   We tried to leave for the KA show at 5:45 But, getting out of the hotel proved to be a pain in the -s.  We eventually got to the taxi line and it took us a good half an hour to get through the line.  We barely made the show.  Why on earth did this get scheduled at such a ridiculous location and why were the guests not warned about how long it would go on and how difficult getting out would be?  5. Sunday: Your front desk agents could have averted all this stress by informing us when we checked in that there were a number of events including the Marathon that would cause travel issues.  The entire strip was closed!  Why was there no notification in the Palazzo about this?  We had tickets to Michael Jackson.  We left at 5pm to grab a taxi downstairs.  We learned that there were none.  It took us two hours. We almost missed it.6. Last but not least, our room was lovely but there were some details that needed to be addressed; it took 5 minutes to warm up the shower, the vanity mirror bulb was out and the lamp next to my bed did not work either.  I had the mirror replaced but, then didn't want to have to call again for the light.  These things need to be checked regularly in a hotel of this calib
5	No coffee maker in the room.  My only complaint, but had a coffee/pastry shop steps from the elevator on the casino, and shopping floors.  You will not be disappointed.
4	This hotel has an elegant decor compared to some of the modern hotels in here in Vegas. The staff was very nice and very helpful. The room was excellent. I absolutely love that it also has a living area to lounge around in. The beds were extra comfy and the bathrooms are wide and open with an extra television to watch as I get ready. There's also a vanity area as well with a beauty mirror on the side. All amenities available for every need. Perfect. I also love how this hotel is connected to the venetian. I love everything about this hotel/casino. The only thing I wanted to kinda pick at was the fact that every time I stood near a gambling table to watch my friends play, the dealer cards me and only me. No matter how many of my friends or other people are around me, they do not card everyone else. Even when my friend brought up to the dealer why he only carded me and not him or his wife, the dealer said absolutely nothing. Other than that, I love this hotel.
4	Very pretty hotel and we had fun walking through all of the shops and eating at the Grand Lux and seeing Jersey Boys here. Due to the issues with our room at the Ventian, we may stay in a room at this hotel next time since I was sent a free upgrade coupon...
5	I love staying at the Palazzo. I've probably stayed here four times already. I crashed here last weekend after a night of partying since my sister had a room. The beds are SO soft. It's almost like sleeping on a cloud. My sister was so amazed at how soft they were that she started taking off the bedding to find the mattress brand. The rooms are also very spacious and can easily sleep 6 people (if you get the double queen room) because it also has a sofa bed. If you plan on renting a room with that many people, you should get a little "occupied" sign for the bathroom door though because it doesn't have a lock. That's probably the only negative I can think of. Other than that, everything is perfect. Gorgeous view + Soft beds + Blackout curtains = Super win. Tip*The Venetian is doing "Winter in Venice" right now until January 8th and they have some very beautiful displays along with an ice rink if you want to check that out.*The Venetian is just a couple bridges away from the Fashion Show mall; go shop til' you drop!
5	This place is awesome!!! I finally made it back to Vegas after over a decade, and because we have a family of 6, and I'm too cheap to get 2 rooms, we stayed at the Palazzo. There was plenty of room for all of us, and the beds were sooo comfy! As soon as my head hit the pillow, I was out... The hotel itself is close to everything, and there wasn't too much of a hike between the parking garage, and our rooms.I wish I could afford to go to Vegas more often, but when I do go back, I will definitely stay at the Palazzo again!!!
3	Avoid the SportsbookThe Sportsbook is only open sometimes. If you want to make a bet, or collect on a bet you may have to go all the way to the Venetian sportsbook. A long walk...Otherwise the hotel is beautiful. Great suites, good food.
4	I used to love this place and still do.... but, personally, I think it has gone downhill a little.  Maybe, I'm just too picky.  It's been almost two years since I was last here.  This time, I notice, their sheets was a bit rough... OMG, it wasn't even funny!  Overall, the place is nice, customer service is still excellent, decores are still awesome... and lastly, I won here on the slot machine.  Not much, but, still won!!!
5	Such a nice place; very classy. It even smells great in there.
2	The Palazzo is like a less-pretty version of The Venetian in my opinion. The rooms and everything are comparable but it's just... it's blah-er.24/7 tight elevator security make it a pain to get an escort there though the self-park is the fastest in vegas and allows immediate access to the casino floor. If you're a hobbyist I would not recommend you stay here.
5	As someone who's been to Vegas somewhere between 10-20 times (probably closer to 20, but I've lost count) I must say that The Palazzo is by far my favorite hotel. Though Encore is a close second, The Palazzo wins due to its proximity to the Strip (Encore is located at the end of it) and it's wide array of restaurants. Having a Walgreens downstairs doesn't hurt either.The bathrooms are gorgeous: wide, spacious, and comes equipped with a television. The beds are huge, the living room roomy, and the staff goes above and beyond for you.If you're looking for luxury on the Strip do not hesitate in booking here! It's worth every penny.
5	So gorgeous but super expensive. I love all the classy shops around it and the Casino on it's first floor. Everything is fancy and obvious about it. It also has a Walgreens and Sephora connected to it, and they're not over priced, believe it or not, so ladies no worries if you forget any makeup at home!!! hahaMaybe on my next adventure this is where I'll stay! It's literally in the middle of the Strip. Woot Woot! :]
4	One of the best places to stay on the strip, but a tad on the expensive side. Look for web specials or discounts from your airline. I was able to get a nice discount by booking through Southwest.
1	I love the Palazzo as a whole - great restaurants, beautiful rooms and convenient/close parking. My issues are specifically regarding their video poker machines and cocktail service. I don't really gamble - only when I have family or friends in town, and I only play bonus poker and a little slots. We had to walk around half the casino to find any video poker machines on the floor - they're apparently all clustered near Zine except for a couple random ones I found in front of carnevino.  I could be wrong but the payouts for each type of poker are supposed to be standardized. Every bonus poker machine I've ever played has a 10 credit payout for 2 pairs w max bet 5. But all of the machines in front of carnevino only pay out 5. I've never seen that at any other casino and feel that its super deceptive since most people are so used to playing the same game they don't even look at the payout chart, and they shouldn't have to. The cocktail service also sucks - took over half an hour sitting at the same machine until I saw a waitress strut by. So no more gambling at Palazzo or Venetian for me. I'm realistic - I play to kill time, not to win. But I still don't appreciate them trying to f*ck me faster without my knowledge
3	Let me begin by saying that I will give this place credit for having a beautiful hotel and nice rooms.  However, I base this review on my most recent stay, which was greatly affected by poor and inefficient service...Everything was dandy until check out time... We give the bellhop desk a call about 10min prior to check out and end up waiting 45-55 minutes for someone to finally come up to the room.  I get that around check out, things can get busy, but you are a lovely, big arss hotel and have plenty of people on staff (I would think) to accommodate the number of guests you have on a Friday morning. Glad that we finally had someone to help with the luggage we picked up the car and gave the ticket to the bell desk at the front of the hotel, and proceeded to wait for our luggage for AN HOUR.  Finally after inquiring AGAIN about our luggage, they tell us we have to go to the other entrance of the hotel to pick up our luggage....how about you tell me that right after I GAVE YOU THE TICKET?  And hello customer service, why don't you send our luggage where we've been waiting for the past hour?  Thank you for wasting our time and having your ish together. So finally we drive to the other entrance, wait another 10min to get our stuff.  THANK GOD we didn't have plans to see a show or a flight to catch!  For such a nice hotel I am surprised at how they can have people there that operate this way.  I would be hesitant to stay there again just because of how frustrating and ridiculous that was. It's not like I took a flight across the country and had my luggage lost... Why does it take over 2 hours to leave a hotel???Hotel: 4-5 starsService: 1-2HENCE: 3 starsToodles.
4	Oh, Palazzo-Venetian-Palazzo. You're beautiful and I hate you. Spent a total of 7 weeks here in 2011 and if I hear another two bars from "Music of the Night" I'm going to run around back of house until I find a pencil to gouge out my eardrums. The rooms are spectacular always. Don't get off where people claim that one side is nicer than the other...they're both the same, people. In neither tower can you sit in your bathtub and watch the bathroom tv at the same time (what is the point?). The handicap rooms seems smaller, just because the living room isn't sunken... but they're still pretty close. Everytime I come to the Palazzo/Venetian, I have a bit of an Indiana Jones moment where I try to swap something of similar weight with the minibar items. I don't know why I bother, but one day I will get it right. The St. Mark's Square area is downright creepy... I don't care how many times you've seen it. Truman Show needed an inspiration, and I'm sure they got it from here. I don't get the indoor gondola rides, but I don't claim to understand the thinking of people who go to Vegas for fun either. Lost my small fair share of money in the casino. I always start out as a good blackjack player, but rarely do I end up as one. Everything is expensive, as it would be at an expensive hotel. $8 lattes even get me though. Grand Luxe is one of the more affordable restaurants and quite good. They also have the food court off the casino (mediocre) and the food court off of St. Mark's (where you can see the Johnny Rocket's staff painfully...and I mean PAINFULLY... do their song and dance every so often) which has a Panda Express, aforementioned JR, and a few other random places that seem to switch out occasionally. There's also a froyo place, oxygen bar, frozen alcohol bar, and some other places that you rarely see people frequent.High end clothing stores are nice to look at...Michael Kors, Kenneth Cole, etc. but there's also a Walgreen's attached near the Barney's New York where you can stock up on vitals for only slightly exaggerated prices. Banquets and convention staff are hot and cold. Have had them been effing amazing and downright mediocre. Blue Man Group, Phantom of the Opera and Jersey Boys are all housed in the V/P. Tao is an ok nightclub, but I'm glad I've never had to pay to get in. Lavo's pretty good as well. Overall, gorgeous hotel, okay everything else.
5	We stayed here for Thanksgiving week & we were really impressed with the rooms and on-site amenities. We're no strangers to nice hotels in Vegas but Palazzo room designers really out-did themselves on this one!Right when checking in they gave us a free upgrade to a strip view suite. Palazzo is centrally located so we could easily walk to the mall, Wynn, Venetian, Mirage, Caesars, & Bellagio. We usually stay on this side of the strip for colder months anyways. Probably the only issue we had was that our card keys kept getting deactivated... could have been our own fault though (next to other cards, carpet static, complex reservation)
5	I stayed here this past christmas. I really liked the hotel overall. The only thing was that it was kind of annoying having to pull out your room key everytime you want to get back to your room. There is a security guard that stands right by the elevator and asks to see it. But other than that I loved the big rooms and the design of the hotel.
4	Stayed here from Christmas until the 27th then stayed at the Aria till the 30th, but I'm writing a review on the Palazzo first before I jump into Aria where I'll most likely make some comparisons.I didn't handle the check-in other than to sign that allowed me to charge stuff to the room, but from what I've seen, the whole thing went smoothly for my parents who were doing  the checking-in stuff. The room: HUGE! Sure it was just the regular standard suite, but you can easily have 6 people sleep in here and still have enough space unlike the Aria. The room has 3 TVs, one in the 'bedroom', one in the living room, and one in the bathroom. This is pretty good if you have a lot of people in your group or if you have kids. No worries about fighting over the remote. The room has a remote for the curtains which is pretty convenient. No more having to close the curtains yourself.The bathroom has two sinks, separate shower and tub, and a room for the toilet. They renovated the shower from the last time I was there. Instead of just a shower head now, they also have those fancy shower spray things that you would find in a spa. Really great! The issue I had with the bathroom though was the placement of the tub and TV. It's kinda hard to watch the TV while taking a bath because you sorta have to sit sideways in order to watch TV, which is kinda annoying because I want to relax, rather than sit crosslegged trying to watch TV. If you're someone who needs a lot of space in the room, Palazzo is a great place. Unlike Aria, you've got a ton of room for putting things. The bathroom at Palazzo had a vanity table where you could put your makeup stuff there whereas at Aria, I had to put them in the main room since there wasn't a table at all. Overall, the room or suite at the Palazzo is pretty damn good.The casino: Basically they have your standard stuff. Slot machines ranging from 1 cent to $500 (or was it $1000?), tables with plenty of different games, and such. One thing I do like about this casino is that it's very easy to navigate in comparison to other casinos and you're able to find things pretty easily. As well, it's connected to Venetian.Location: It's in the heart of the strip with Treasure Island, Wynn, Fashion Show Mall, and Harrah's all being within walking distance. As well, it's connected to The Venetian, so if you're bored with Palazzo, but too lazy to go out, you can walk to Venetian and maybe do some shopping along the way since the area between the two contains a lot of shops and restaurants.Parking: The self-park parking lot is pretty big with a few levels, but if you're searching for a space near the elevators, good luck, especially if it's during the high season.The one thing i liked about this parking lot over Aria's is that each level has a elevator that takes you directly to the casino whereas at Aria you still have to walk a bit to get there.The hotel elevators: They need to get rid of the POTO music. And I say this as a POTO fangirl who ships the Phantom and Christine pretty damn hard. 99% of the music I hear in the elevator is the main theme song or Music of the Night. At the very least, give me Past the Point of No Return! And the music is from the movie soundtrack, rather than the original recording with Crawford and Brightman. Yes I know, they're trying to promote POTO that plays at The Venetian, but come on!Overall I recommend Palazzo if you have a lot of people staying with you and need enough space for everyone's things. Also good if you don't want to walk too much, but still cover enough casinos and shops to go to. It's definitely not very tech savy unlike Aria, but it does its job very well.
4	This is a BEAUTIFUL hotel and is more elegant than the Venetian.  The only challenge is the price.  Everything is very expensive.
5	I love this place!I've stayed there many times but just joined Yelp and had to take a moment to shout it out!Love the beds, the bathrooms, the sectionals, the mirrors, the perfumed air conditioning, the convenient parking, the proximity to shopping and my other favorite hotel (Wynn/Encore) . . . I just love it!The Chinese New Year decor is gorgeous too!That's all.
5	I love this hotel! The size of the room, the crowd and the cleanliness cant be beat. They always have great deals on rooms and their casino is always so fun. Mostly I love it because of its location to the Wynn/Encore, the mall and other hotels. Also, their variety of restaurants at different price points is also excellent for couples and families. Its always a good time to go to Vegas!
5	Love this hotel; so pretty and well laid out casino, restaurant, show, shopping areas.  Jersey Boys rocked!
2	Cost cutting is hurting this hotel.  We have stayed at the Palazzo for the last four years at Christmas and every year previously it has been a wonderful experience.  This year it was obvious that the hotel is cutting corners to save money and it shows in the physical plant and in the service.The suites are still huge and the extra room is wonderful, but they need to refresh the furnishings.  The rugs had stains.  The couch cushions were so old and beat up that they barely offered any support.  There were chips and stains on the paint, things that by themselves were small but made the room look old and dingy.The housekeeping staff is poorly trained with very low standards.  We stayed for 7 nights and the suite was not vacuumed or dusted at all.  Twice the beds were so badly made that we had to have them redone.  The maid had put the bottom sheet on horizontal rather than vertical so that there was at least 4 inches of bare mattress at the bottom of the bed.   They only give you the bare minimum of towels and requests for extras get ignored.  Since there is not longer a turn down service in the evening, if you need extras (like if you take a swim and need to shower before going out in the evening), you won't have clean towels in the morning.I had very unsatisfactory experiences with the concierge staff and has a guest services staff member (bell/valet) be downright rude over a problem with a motorized scooter that I had rented.  I was used to the Palazzo being a showplace with fabulous amenities and beautiful surroundings and a fabulous staff.  I'm sad to say that is no longer the case.  I'll be looking for somewhere else to stay next Christmas.
5	I was a first timer at the Palazzo, however, was pleased to have stayed at the hotel. I went during the weekdays which made my experience quite affordable and was able to stay in their Bella suite.The room was clean and had a great interior with a great setup, three televisions (one in the bathroom), wireless and wired internet, as well as an in-room printer. While the lighting was not the best, the views from the room were excellent and the cleanliness was amazing as well. The floor of the casino was a great place to be with good service and friendly dealers. For some reason, I have had great success at the Palazzo and have enjoyed it ever since. It's also connected to the Venetian which provides you with a number of excellent restaurant choices from top chefs, ice skating (during the winter months), a trip down the canal, and a number of shops. However, what I enjoyed most about the hotel is their rewards program and it will definitely keep me coming back. While I may have put out a lot of money on the tables by some people's standards, it did not take long for my group and I to get another night at the hotel, which I will take and enjoy. It's also near some of the best clubs and hotels on the strip, which makes it a great place to stay if you want to hit up a variety of places but not travel very far!
5	As a local living in Las Vegas, I rated this casino five stars mainly for accessibility for parking (self parking and valet) and room size and quality. I consider this one of the best places to park on the strip because coming from interstate 15, you just exit Spring Mountain, head eastbound and it's the first right after the LV Blvd. This area is great because it's near the Fashion Show Mall, Wynn/Encore and is attached to Venetian.Once you park in that lot, just take the elevator up and you're right at the entrance to the hotel rooms/casino or Lavo. Important note: there are ALWAYS available parking spots when I'm here. The casino area is spacious, Lagasse is also the biggest sports book with the best seating and Lavo is a nice ultra lounge/restaurant. The rooms are large/suite sized and are always clean, smell fresh and are quite affordable. I have local Vegas friends that gamble often here and get suites because of the space.
5	I don't think I would want to stay anywhere else in Vegas but here. The rooms are gorgeous! I can see why my friends love coming & staying here.I wanted to take a piece of furniture home with me, but I think/know that it would be frowned upon.Highlights:- Spectacular view of the strip (Treasure Island)- the convenience of the Canyon Ranch Spa Club & Fitness- Awesome places to eat: Espressamente Illy, First Food & Bar, Cafe Presse, Grand Luxe Cafe- Not to mention a Walgreens around the corner - The Venetian and all the shopping you can do- If that isn't enough shopping for you, the Fashion Show mall is just a block away
4	The Palazzo has become my favorite hotel to stay at when I go to Vegas. The location is great. The theme and decor are nice considering its reasonable rates. My friends and I had a ball. The staff were nothing but helpful, making checking in and out a cinch. There's some kind of pool club (not quite sure what it is but you have to be 21 to enter) that's super fun! It's a great place to hang with your friends sans the kids at the general patron pools.
5	Suites are top notch! Everything is amazing in the room from the bathroom to the living room area. I wish the bathtub had jet bubbles. :] Free wi-fi in the room was a nice convenience. I love how Grand Lux is right there next to the room elevators. :D Most amazing restaurant in Vegas.
5	The Palazzo is a charming hotel, just like her sister, The Venetian. I've stayed here many times since one of my girl friends gets free rooms all the time because her family gambles here a lot. This used to be my favorite hotel in terms of decor, but now the competition is stiff between Encore, Aria and Cosmo. I love the layout of the suite here. 2 queen beds and a living room with a sofa sleeper. 7 can sleep here pretty comfortably. From what I can remember, sleeping on the bed is like sleeping on a cloud. I've probably contemplated not going out and just staying in bed because it was really that comfortable. This room is beyond luxurious and the hotel is a great place to stay since it's right next to Wynn, Venetian and TI. The Grand Lux Cafe is open 24 hours too. If you love The Cheesecake Factory, then you'll love the Grand Lux too!
5	Beautiful hotel.  Wish they had a coffee maker in the room.  The rooms were nicely decorated and I loved the lounge area and office section of the suite.  Maid service did a grea job straighting up each day.  The hotel staff was very friendly and Accomodating.
4	The palazzo is definitely one of my favorite casinos in Las Vegas! The interior design is beautiful. The staff is friendly and the suites are so charming. The in suite furniture and bathroom interior is definitely top notch! I love staying here, but it is a bit pricey. If you love to gamble though, sign up for a Grazie card and earn points for upgrades! But honestly if you're not willing to pay between $180-$250 a night, I'd steer clear.
1	I stayed at the Palazzo in January, and had, and continue to have, so many problems and issues I do not know where to begin.  First, I was there for a softball tournament, and had a roommate, who checked in a day later than I did.  When he did check in, all of a sudden my room keycard stopped working, and I had to contact the front desk to fix this issue.  Then, since he had checked out very early in the morning of the same morning when I was scheduled to leave, they stopped my keycard from working agin, in addition to the internet service, even though I had not yet checked out--I was locked out of my room when I went down to get coffee.  The kicker came today, when i went to check my credit card balance online, and found they (the Palazzo) had charged my for extra charges other than what I had seen on my statement when I checked out--it was for an additional $125.  When I called the hotel, the accounts receivable people told me they could not help me, I had to speak with "group reservations", then the "group reservatiojns" people told me I had to speak with accounts receivable.It is obvious the management of this hotel does not know how to manage a hotel.  I will now have to dispute these additional charges with my credit card company.  I am so mad I will never, ever, stay at either the Venetian or the Palazzo againm, nor will I ever gambel there.  I do go to Vegas quite frequently, this was by far the worst treatment I have ever received from a hotel there, and they obviously have no idea what customer service is.
5	What a great Hotel / Casino! The casino-  Spacious with very tall ceilings, bright, nicely decorated and feels like a high end establishment.  In no way do you feel lost or trapped.  They have all your favorite games but no poker room....yet. It's very easy to navigate with a number of bars within arms reach.  I have always found the service to be stellar in the casino.The rooms-  The Palazzo is an all sweet hotel.  The rooms are similar to the Venetian in size and space but the decor is much higher end.  I absolutely love the rooms at the Palazzo.  Certain floors have a more contemporary feel to them than others but you can't go wrong in any suite.  It feels new and fresh (well it is fairly new and fresh)Dining-  If you love Japanese food and/or South American food (Peruvian and Brazilian) and want to try something totally unique I would highly suggest a visit to SUSHISAMBA!  I can't get enough of this restaurant.  The menu is so unique and the creations are so inventive it just puts an eternal smile on my face for the rest of the night.  Look up their reviews on Yelp.  Dos Caminos is a really solid high end Mexican joint on the casino level.  Of course you also have the Grand Lux cafe which is fantastic for casual dining...it's affiliated with the Cheesecake Factory, enough said!  There are plenty of other great places to eat as well....sorry but I just keep going back to SUSHISAMBA.General-  The valet is easy and convenient, rarely a wait or a line when dropping off and usually very quick when getting your car.  The Palazzo is attached to the Venetian so it's very easy to utilize everything the Venetian has to offer.I just love the Palazzo / Venetian.  I stay here 2-4 times per year and have never had a bad experience with the staff, management, or casino.
5	The Palazzo just screams SEXXX.It was quite possibly, the best hotel I've ever stayed at.Our suite was spectacular, with a Strip view, and we could watch the Treasure Island show each and every night from our window.  The beds and couches were to die for, the room service impeccable, and we had free wi-fi in our room.  Bravo to whoever the interior designer was.I mean....even our curtains had their own remote control.Not that we needed THREE televisions, but we had them.  The bathroom was HUGE, and several people could be getting ready at the same time if you needed to.  The toilet also had it's own separate room, which we all appreciated.  Nothing ruins your vacay more than when someone blows up the bathroom.The concierge was also fabulous as well and SUPER nice..  We needed last minute tickets to a show at the Excalibur, and we got them without a hitch.So if you want, POSH and POLISH, definitely stay here!!!
5	This is my favorite hotel to stay at whenever I am in Vegas.  I do wish it was more towards the middle of the strip though, but it's okay.  It's always worth it regardless.  The rooms are beautiful.  I like the extra little lounging space.  The service is always great -- check in has always been a breeze.  I always valet, super easy to find.  Those pillows are so fluffy.  I love that Grand Lux Cafe is right there.  It's good food for a pretty good deal considering it's Vegas.  I haven't really gambled at this hotel yet though.  No complaints!  Can't wait to be back =)
4	Very nice rooms and very curtious service.   Spacious suite with nice bathroom. Quite, no hall noise.  Bed wasn't as comfortable as I hoped. Will definitely stay here again.
5	Great casino, friendly staff, and gorgeous seasonal displays. The displays are usually fairly similar to the ones at the Bellagio Botanical Gardens but situated differently. It's nice to come here later at night when the shops are closed since it'll be much quieter and less crowded than the Bellagio Gardens. Great place to take pictures or take a break from shopping.
4	This is a great hotel with charming suites! Our check-in process was smooth and easy.The bathrooms in the rooms are huge and everything is clean. The only bad thing was when we checked-out they gave us someone else's receipt?? Don't know how that happened. When we had to go back to ask about it to make sure we weren't charged for someone else's room, the lady helping us didn't seem very apologetic for the mistake and confusion. In the end everything got sorted out, and she even offered to waive our resort fee. Despite that little mishap, we will most likely come here again!
4	Stayed at the Bella Suite from Sunday to Thursday before Christmas 2011. Hotel/Casino/Lobby -The hotel/casino is very luxurious with beautiful decor. Over the Christmas break, they had free hot apple cider at the lobby which was a great touch.The casino tables are usually pretty empty with minimum bets at $25 in the evenings. The casino is typically busier at the Venetian next door.The lobby is small according to Vegas standards which is a plus since you don't have to walk too far from the entrance or parking area to your room.Room -The Bella suite is spacious and the beds are very comfortable. Some of the furniture and walls in the bathroom are starting to show their age with scratch marks.  They charge $17 a day for resort fees which include in room WIFI, access to the Canyon Ranch Spa/Gym for 2 per day, and morning papers at Cafe Presse.  There is a printer/fax/copier in each Bella suite, however, we had 2 suites with joining doors and both of the printers did not have ink in them.Overall -The best thing about this hotel is its location and easy access in/out of the hotel. The small casino and lobby is great if you like to avoid the crowd. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable although in-room furniture is older when compared to hotels like Wynn or Encore.
5	BEAUTIFUL. Amazing property that I have been privileged to have stayed at twice already this year.I got the first one as a timeshare deal - go watch a timeshare presentation, and get 2 nights in Vegas at the Palazzo... WINSecond time was with friends - beware, if you use the minibar, you can expect the bill to be almost as much as the room charge - if not more! Utilize CVS, or learn the hard way!Great amenities, just a bit irksome that they do not have locks on their bathroom doors.
4	Spent the last 3 days here as part of a time share "BS" arrangement. If you don't mind swapping half of a day for 2 free nights in a swanky hotel it's totally worth it! (see South Park Episode for ref) The room was among the largest I've ever stayed in. Plus there were a million TVs and mirrors (heheh... maniacal laugh). The Casino and hotel staff are very friendly & helpful. Points off for resort fee, crazy mini bar tricks (weight sensitive & charged if items are moved for more than 30 seconds), & no space in mini fridge for your own beverages!!!! I was told upon checkout that we could've gotten a second mini fridge for our own bevs but, with an additional fee, seriously!?!?....;/ Plus I love the fact that this is attached to the Venetian which has the best combination of cheese/class that I've seen in Vegas (gondola rides & fake skies!) I was kinda tired by the end of our stay about negotiating/trading your way out of all the exorbitant prices & fees but, I guess that's just Vegas for ya.
4	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my room at the Palazzo. The suite style is set up perfectly. Sunken living room with comfy L shaped couch, excellent view from the 20th floor of the strip. Plasma TVs in each room area including the bathroom!The staff is excellent and very accomodating. The casino and restaurants within are great as well! The rates may be a little higher than some of the other hotels on the strip but well worth the price! My only qualm is that when I entered the room the heat was overpowering and left the room a bit musty smelling. After a quick fix to the AC I was back in business!
4	Beautiful place to stay. Stayed with about 11 people is a lovely suite overlooking the strip, with a dipped living room area and bed sleeping area. The furnishings were beautiful, and just staying in the hotel made me feel super nice and important haha. Room service was pretty good and bringing up towels and blankets. Wish they had more toilet paper and tissues in stock.Definitely enough space to fit a large group of people. Pretty comfortable to sleep there, and it wasn't super far from food and the taxis. Having the Venetian attached to was great, easy access to TAO, the shops, and just other casino in general.Definitely check this place out to stay!
2	Reserved a non smoking room, was given a "smoking optional" room.  The smell is horrible.  I expected a little nicer room given how fancy this hotel appears but there are cigarette burns everywhere, even in the bathtub.  I've never stayed in a hotel room that didn't provide a coffee maker. The bathroom is nice-the mirrors are quite kind. The beds are comfy.
5	I love Palazzo a little bit more than the Venetian because it is newer and because its closer to XS (my fave).  When you're running late from getting ready and pregaming for the club, closer is better.  But overall, same suite style rooms.  2 queen beds and a pull-out queen allowing for large groups.  Large bathroom.  Separate poop room from the main getting ready room.  Awesome.I love Palazzo even more as I have recently discovered that it also has a Grand Luxe Cafe... just not open 24/7.  Boohoo, I can walk my fatass to the Venetian if I really am trying to eat at 4am.
4	The suite was very spacious and clean. Love the contemporary look. Felt as if there was too much empty space and it didn't flow well with the whole room. Great to party and to have business meetings.
4	First thing you do when you get to the Palazzo or Venetian: Get a player's club card. Second thing you do: Start gambling and get those comps. The Palazzo is definitely one of the better hotels in Vegas, room-wise. Not too old, the bathrooms are nice and big and it's real spacious in general. For the most part,  it's like the other Vegas hotels. What sets it apart though is the amount of room you get. The only place I liked better was the Wynn or was it Encore? One of those. In any case, this is one of the better hotels to stay at. Plus, there's a Walgreens down below if you ever get thirsty and it's really close to Wynn/Encore. No more walking the entire length of the strip when you come stumbling out of XS at 4 in the morning.
5	Amazing! So worth the price total luxury!
5	- Absolutely gorgeous. Wonderful service. Whatever I needed they got. The suites were PERFECT in everyway. The decor, the bed, the bathroom, the sunken living room. The TVS in every room. A lot of space, probably more space than a NYC apartment, lol. - This side of the strip is definitely THE classiest and most elegant (attached to the Venetian next to the Wynn and Encore). LOVED having a gorgeous  Walgreens attached to my building as well as an entire mall with THE best stores like Barneys New York, Christian Louboutin, Micheal Kors, Bottega Veneta, and even having a Victoria's Secret in my hotel came in handy. You can shop until 12am, yes you can go buy a pair of Jimmy Choos at 11:45pm, lol! (not to mention Fashion Show Mall is a short walk away)- The Palazzo is with The Venetian, and in between the two is the mall, or actually it's more like a city. It's like Venice, Italy... and there's a river down the middle with people singing and giving rides on gondolas, one guy sounded so good I thought it was a recording. TAO is also in here, and it's one of the hottest/top clubs in Vegas. So basically if you stay here you can literally just stay in your hotel the entire time... there's lots of good food (top restaurants with worldwide known chefs), shopping, gambling, clubs, everything all in one place. SUMMARY: This place is true luxury at it's finest. So please darling, be classy when you go. They have great deals and it's totally worth every penny. I felt like "I made it" staying here, lol, nah but really the grandeur of the place definitely makes you a little unintentionally snooty and boujee, especially as you walk down the strip and see how "the other people live, you know the 99%", hehehe, I kid I kid.  First time in Vegas and I did it right by staying here. Lost some money at the slots, but hey that's Vegas baby!(forgot to mention the 1 main con-- our room wasn't the cleanest when we got there, I asked for it to be reclined-- they said sure. 30 minutes later the housekeeper comes in, but you could tell us being in the room totally caught her off guard, she seemed like she was on her way home when she was suddenly asked to clean our room b/c she had her purse and personal belongings-- and just so happened to have  small water bottle and rag... she did a HORRIBLE job cleaning, didn't make any difference)
3	Palazzo looked great outside, and I love anything Italian, but we were fairly disappointed when we saw our comped room. It was a Bella Suite, 2 beds and a nice living room. Very spacious for the 4 of us but the interior was rather plain.  Very brown/tan colored. The couches were super comfy at least. The view was terrible (overlooking top of buildings and random streets). Not much to Palazzo, i guess we can't complain much b/c we didnt pay for it. The toilet paper roll hook thingy kept falling off! I was getting frustrated every time I used the bathroom. Right across the street err, to the left of XS. We ended up going to Marquee but we had to drive there. Oh yeah, NO speaker system, so if you want to play music to pregame, there's no AUX cable or anything to request. But then again, this hotel is probably for the older crowd. NO WIFI UNLIKE COSMO
1	Do not ever stay at the Venetian in Las Vegas. They took $15,750.52 out of our account when our room charges weren't even close to that. I could have bought a car with that kind of money. Who has that much money sitting in their bank account?!?! The bank is making us jump thru hoops to get the money back. We even have receipts!! Venetian is dragging their feet to refund the money. Are they going to refund all the bounced check charges? What about the time lost from work on the phone trying to get someone to listen and fix it? No skin off their backs right? Clearly we will never stay there and will tell everyone that will listen not to stay there as well. FRAUDULENT CHARGES!!!!! How is this not a felony?
5	WOW, I had a great double bed with sunken living area.  Comfy bed, TV in bathroom, great tub, shower and sofa.  I felt like I had a mini apt. for my week in Vegas.  The hotel was connected to great shopping and food.  I will be back.
3	We booked 2 rooms at the Palazzo.  When we checked in they had given us a few coupons.  We had 2 coupons for 2 for one drinks at any bar.  We went to the piano bar before going to our dinner reservations.  Three of our drinks were so watered down.  One drink was not covered under coupon, which did not concern us.  This was the one that tasted perfect.  My question is why does the Palazzo give out coupons and not make sure the bar tender makes them correct? And our waitress was very snippy.   My husband took them back to the bartender and ordered new drinks and we paid for all.    This was our first drink of the evening to start our family evening.Also the bathroom had torn wallpaper off the wall and the counters were not as clean.We did not have any discount on these rooms, so we should have had the best treatment.
5	LOVE.. LOVE.. LOVE..  The suite was perfect.  It's similar to the Venetian with a sunken living room.  The bathroom is huge and the tub is so comfy.  Fit's 2  for sure(hehehe).  It's really a cozy place to stay with plenty of room to just lounge or relax.  There's an office area with a fax machine and computer hook up in the living room.  The living room, sleeping area, and bathroom all have a T.V!  The Palazzo and Venetian is definitely the top places to stay in Vegas!
5	I have not stayed here but I have stayed at The Venetian and thank goodness I checked out The Palazzo Casino because I am OBSESSED with it!!I don't care if it's luck or not but whenever I gamble at The Palazzo I WIN BIG!3 card poker tables there rule. I got 2 straight flushes and a 3 of a kind!!! The drink servers come around often and their bloody marys are delicious.Also, I cannot get enough of the Alice in Wonderland slot machine and even won $400 on it. After winning a bunch of money (in our eyes) we waddled over to the Grand Luxe and giggled in delight.
4	The Palazzo is a great place to stay if you have a large group.  6 people can fit in their rooms very comfortably.  Rooms were clean and spacious.  Location is pretty good, next to the Wynn/Encore which has my favorite club and pool.   I would definitely stay here again in the future.  Vegas!!!!!
5	I absolutely LOVE the Palazzo!  I stay here almost every time I'm in town with my girlfriends.  The rooms are like mini suites - they're SUPER spacious!  Whether you get a 1 bed or 2 bed room - each room comes with a mini living area that has an L shaped sofa with a pull out couch which are BOTH comfy to sleep in!   Oh! and the bathrooms are nice too!  There's a stand-up shower, separate tub for a bath, and a separate toilet room.I love everything in between this hotel and the Venetian.  There are so many stores whether you want to shop for something nice, grab a bite to each, or pick up a few things at Walgreen's (BOOZE!) everything is so close by i love it.  There are a TON of restaurant options in the area too!
5	To be honest I was originally hoping to book my stay at the Wynn, but the Palazzo had a great price, and I couldn't say no. I completely lucked out and it beat all my expectations.Everything about my stay in their luxury suite was amazing, and I can't wait to come back. Their front desk employee, Joshua was extremely nice and accommodating. He gave us a room on the 49th floor of the Palazzo, note there are 50 floors in the Palazzo and the 50th floor is penthouses. The view from the 49th was incredible.Our room was a standard king bed suite. However, there was nothing standard about the suite. It was huge! The bathroom was giant and featured a separate tub and stone shower. There was also a separate living room area with a sectional couch with pullout bed. Everything thing about the room was modern without being cold. It was very inviting. The sheets were a bit rough, but the bed itself was very comfortable.
4	Highest review ill give a hotel in the USA. Great place to stay! Very nice rooms and the service is always professional.
5	The Presidential penthouses.  4 rooms, a gym, piano, super sexy bathrooms. This is the way to do Vegas.Superb.
4	Wonderful restaurants, and awesome shops to shop at.
4	I accompanied my partner on a business trip to Las Vegas and enjoyed my stay at The Palazzo.  Newer than the Venetian, I found the facilities to be of higher functioning quality and cleaner.  We were lucky enough to snag a Strip-view room on the 39th floor and enjoyed watching the Treasure Island volcano erupt at night.  Conference staff were top-notch and the rest of our interactions with staff members were a mixed bag with some going out of their way to be of assistance (Security) while others couldn't be bothered (Grazie and Housekeeping).  In fact, my only real negative experiences were with housekeeping for a variety of reasons  including some cleanliness issues like not exchanging the wine/water glasses and former guest business cards and rubbish on the floor as well.  I was also disappointed that they did not visit my room twice during my five night stay, even though it was available from 11-5.  I also noticed that even though the hotel conserves water only changing sheets when requested, it also claims the sheets will be changed on your 3rd night regardless and they were not.  None of these issues are terribly significant but I was surprised to be asked on my second day there why I had not left the room yet and if I had a late check-out -- I explained I was actually there for 3 more nights.  On the actual check-out day, housekeeping attempted to enter the room at 9:30 am and luckily I had the bar lock over the door preventing their entry because they provided a quick rudimentary knock before attempting to open the door.Resort Fee Tip: The resort fee includes a complimentary newspaper and coffee daily at Cafe Presse on the second floor near the guest elevators - don't miss it!  Fee also includes access to the fitness facility with a variety of cardio, assisted weights, and free weights available.  Unfortunately I only found out on my last day there that I could pay $20 to attend a group fitness class which would give me access to the various water features of the spa for the remainder of the day.
2	Okay, so I live in Las Vegas. The hotels that have been here awhile really have nothing on the newer ones (i.e. Aria, Cosmo) and that definitely colors my view of this hotel. That and their crappy customer service.The ONLY reason I even bothered to get a room at this hotel is because my boyfriend wanted to go to Cut (a Wolfgang Puck restaurant) in the Palazzo. In order to cut down on travel time because we'd be drinking I chose to get a room here. Next time I'll just pay the cab fare. Checked in and asked if there were any upgrades available. Please note that EVERY SINGLE TIME I've stayed at the Aria I've received an upgrade for NOTHING when I asked. I wanted a nice room for my boyfriend's birthday and was definitely willing to pay a little more than the $300 I'd already paid for this overpriced monstrosity. The girl at the desk tells me, as I'm rushing her along telling her I have reservations and need to get ready, that it will be an extra $100 with a GUARANTEED view. I say okay, I'll take it. She comes back and apologizes and says that it's actually $150, but she'll talk to her manager and see if she can get that reduced. I ask her what about honoring the rate she JUST gave me. She says she can't and comes back and says $125. At this point my boyfriend is on his way to meet me and we have to go so I don't argue. I get to the room I was overcharged for and find out that the 'view' is actually the back of Treasure Island a huge parking lot. I suppose that it IS a view. I should have been more inquiring about what the view consisted of. My bad. We go to eat at Cut (I find Strip Steak at Mandalay is much better, although the service is amazing) and then get back to the room and go to bed. The bed and linens are quite possibly the worst I've slept on in Las Vegas (I've stayed at almost every hotel on the strip). The sheets are scratchy, the pillow have zero support and the comforter feels like the one I let my dogs sleep on in the winter. Never mind the mattress (they try to sell this to you with a pamphlet on the night stand - don't fall for it!). It felt old and unturned. It was a sad stay for me. I love decadence and luxury. This hotel tries to make you think it offers that, but it's really a facade. It is none of that. It is a hotel that needs to catch up with its newer rivals and fast. On a final note: I called the front desk the next day (as we were so busy the night before with dinner and activities that I didn't have time to address the myriad of problems this hotel presented) and told my story to someone (15 minutes of it) and was then told 'oh, I'm sorry, I thought this would be something I could help with, let me transfer you to guest services.' She comes back and tells me after having me tell this ridiculous story that she can't help and also that guest services is closed, she'll have them call me back. WHAT? Could you waste any more of my time and money? I don't think so, I won't let that happen. I wouldn't stay at the Palazzo again if they gave me an upgraded room - I can already tell the view would suck because it sucks from where I'm standing.
4	This hotel is EXQUISITE.  I was here for my bachelorette party this weekend and I loved everything in the room from the bedding to the bathrooms!  Our suite was decked out with 3 TV's (one in the bathroom... So handy for turning on music or just staying entertained while you're getting ready for a night out, etc.) and had a cute office area for those who needed to get a little bit of work done.  The beds are SO COMFY.  They have these awesome Sealy posturepedic beds that make you feel like you are sleeping on a cloud!  And the sheets... OH THE SHEETS! LIKE BUTTA! LOL.Pros:-Beautiful suites-Amazing room layout (Totally made for partying)-Comfy beds-Lots of TV's!-The Palazzo/Venetian have the best spas aroundCons:-A tad bit pricy-Housekeeping is really hit or miss with requests -Views are kind of crappy depending on your roomTips:-Use the wireless without fear.... It's not REALLY $15.99; it's included in the resort fee.
3	It's all about perspective: if this is your first time staying in Las Vegas or 1st time staying in one of the nicer hotels, you will think that the Palazzo is awesome.  Yes, you get the multiple flat screen televisions, decent beds, marble bathrooms.  On the other hand, if you have stayed at the Wynn or the Bellagio, you will be disappointed.  For a Girls' Weekend Getatway, 10 of us chose the Palazzo (prestige) because it offered all suites. We, of course, wanted to have a great time, common areas where we could all commune in (drink, dance, do makeovers, whatever).  The layout of the Bella suites is odd in that you walk into and through the bedroom to get to the living room. I've never seen that before. That wasn't a big deal though.  The two things that are hilarious / annoying is the technology.  Evidently, when the last Holiday inn closed down, the Palazzo ran their cheap asses down to the auction to buy all of that hotel's old crap.  The telephones in the room will qualify as antiques. No exaggeration (will post pics).  There is also a huge, 1980-style fax machine for your use. No huge deal--with a shot or two of tequila, they came a huge running joke. BUT--the big deal for us was that there is no place to plug in your Ipod.  I travel a lot. Even the basic hotels, now have an alarm clock that you can set your ipod on. They have a spot for you to play a CD --really? a cd? hell, why not an 8-track? It's 2012 folks at Palazzo. 30% of people Nationwide use ipods.That statistic is even greater when you just factor in people who take at least one vacation per year.  An ipod dock is a standard amenity that travelers have come to expect--particularly travelers who are possibly coming to party with friends.  To their credit, the Palazzo was nice enough to allow us to rent a huge boombox for $35 a day. So, on top of our $469 room, we had to add $35 a day to be able to listen to a little Rhianna while we got dressed to go dancing at night.  David, the manager with whom I spoke at the Palazzo thought that this was absolutely fair.  Really, David? Penny-wise, pound-foolish, my friend: we had 4 suites, 9 women who come to Vegas twice per year--better customer service could've meant repeat business. But hell--you got your $70.00. Remember, your first or second apartment, where you are just trying to 'make do?"  You take your parent's old tv from the basement, your older sister's old stereo system until you can save enough money to get some new stuff. That's how the Palazzo felt. The room was decent enough, the amenities, seemed as if during a budget meeting, some bigwig told the IT department that he had to 'make do."  So some poor middle manager was spent hours on ebay and at hotel auctions trying to 'make do.'  I, as a frequent visitor to Vegas will tell you that there are far better choices than the Palazzo.  There are many hotels that aren't trying to 'make do' and won't ask you to either.
2	It seems like they've looked at most of the details but do you really think I need or will use an old Antiquated FAX machine. NO! I won't. A coffee maker or a means to heat water might just be a nice guest amenity. Yea, the rest is fine but schlepping 15 minutes (yes, it takes that long to get to coffee downstairs) early morning - no fun. Won't be back.
5	The staff at the registration desk was fantastic. The rooms have amazing views and are really deluxe. My only complaint is their small casino floor.
5	Love, Love, Love The Palazzo!! Awesome room with a luxury view of the strip and the pirate show across the street at Treasure island. When I got to my room, my key did not work, so I called downstairs. Some one was there to let me in within minutes and also brought new keys.
4	I will give it 4 stars only because of the initial portion of my stay. Let me explain. When we first arrived check-in was pretty easy. The valet was easy to maneuver and the bell hop took our bags right away. I did use the $20 sandwich tip and it worked out great. He was able to move us to the 44th floor for the strip view. He also provided us with some complimentary tickets to Lavo. We went up to our room in the Venetian and there was dried up vomit on the couch and floor. This was extremely unacceptable for a 5 star hotel that we paid $300.00 a night for. I called down to the front desk to let them know what was in my room. (This is why i gave it 4 stars instead of 5) He immediately said he was going to upgrade my room for my troubles. He moved me and my party from the Venetian to the Palazzo. They upgraded my room for free, waived all my resort fees, gave us free drink tickets and had the bell hop take care of all our bags from the trip from the Venetian to the Palazzo. The vomit was really the best thing that happened to us all weekend. When we got up to our room at the Palazzo, it was amazing. What a fantastic view and easily one of the roomiest and best rooms I've ever stayed in. The suite had 3 tv's in the room, yes 3 tv's. It also had a shower and bathtub which came in handy when we filled the bathtub with all our alcohol. The blackout curtains were also amazing. No light went into my sleepy eyes at 2pm. The beds were pretty comfortable and controls to the A/C & heat were easy to control. I didn't like how they only have a cd player that looks like it was from 2003. This is a state of the art hotel. At least get an ipod hookup to listen to music. The bathrooms were huge. The toilet area was separate from the shower/bathtub that way no one has to smell the beer craps the next day.About the rest of the Hotel: If you go during sports seasons, go to Lagasses Sports Book. It is by far the best sports book in Vegas. They have the most comfortable seats, great food and a fantastic atmosphere. I would stay at the Palazzo again in a second. The Venetian...not so much.
5	About my 15th visit to The Palazzo... figured it was about time I gave them 5 stars.  It used to be a lot better when it was not part owned by Intercontinental, but still very solid.  Thanks for all the good years!
4	I'm so glad we decided to stay at The Palazzo instead of Circus Circus. The hotel's got a great location and is connected to The Venetian, I think Palazzo's the newer one.Got a suite for 2 nights for $610 - 2 queen sized beds and a sofa bed. Everything is of top standards. The only thing I'd prefer is a bigger casino - there weren't many $5 or $10 blackjack tables and I like to start out small since it is my first time hitting the tables.Other than that, I enjoyed my short and crazy trip to Vegas!
4	Great location, great suite (updated compared to Venetian) and a nice smaller size casino.  Would definitely stay here again.
3	RoomThe room was very nice and spacious.  I never heard any noise from outside of my room and the ability to disconnect from the rest of Vegas was great.ServiceIn general, the service was average.  It didn't seem like any of the staff was interested in my return business, but I'm sure they can get worn out, so maybe I just caught them on a bad week.  Housekeeping was knocking on my door at 9AM both mornings, which was a bit early.FoodAs is always the case with Vegas, everyting is overpriced and not really that good.  I ate a Lavo and the it was decent.  I wouldn't necessarily go there again, not because it was bad, but one experience was enough.GeneralFor the price, I would stay at the Palazzo again, but I would try other hotels, especially the newer ones first.
3	We spent more money 3 nights in Vegas than we did 2 weeks in Hawaii.  Much of that went to the Palazzo and we didn't even gamble all that much.It's a beautiful hotel - in the middle of the action.  Our room was spacious and the bed amazingly comfortable.  Unfortunately, I had no AT&T reception in the room.I wiped out on a slippery floor in the lobby ... which was terrible considering I had a sprained ACL at the time.  Hung out at the cabana which had way too many children in the pool .... but what a great place to people watch.
4	This is how you do Vegas! My boys & I came to celebrate one of our b-days & being unable to get a room at our usual Venetian we stayed here. Couldn't of been happier! Especially having a smoking room to puff on some of that Laker purp! We came prepared with a few bottles of  Patron & cases of beer to cut down some what on the cost of alcohol. We also brought a boom box since they don't provide one! Get it together Palazoo! Party on floor 9 was what every guest was saying on the elevator! Guess they heard our music & smelled the sweet aroma of the Cali flowers. Like one of the other reviewers mentioned AT&T not having reception she is 100% correct! I was having a hard time checking in on Yelp! The pool area is nice, but unfortunately it wasn't filled with bomb looking women like at other pools. Azure was cracking though! $10 a head for guys, but received a card that would allow us in all year for free. The roulette & blackjack tables were hot! Paid us out quite handsomely :) Can't wait for summer we'll be back Palazzo!!!
4	A very elegant and beautiful place!  Pricey, of course, but even if you're not staying here and just being a tourist you can appreciate it: stop by, play a little, and take in the surroundings.
5	We have stacationed most of the hotels in las vegas. we have stayed in beautiful hotels in california. the standard room here is the most beautiful room i have ever stayed in - sunken livingroom with supersized sectional plus floor to ceiling windows plus xerox and fax machine, desk, table with 4 chairs and even a decent selection of television stations. new card sign up gets 50 dollars free play and a t shirt. when my slot machine got stuck the attendent credited me another 25 in free play too. we will be back!!!!
5	I took a trip up to Vegas this past weekend, and for the first time, I stayed at The Palazzo. I must say, the experience was great! The spa is great, the food is great, the room was great, and the casino is great! I haven't one bad thing to say about this hotel!
4	A true Las Vegas experience! And the Palazzo made it happen. The location of the Palazzo was great - in the middle of the strip yet still far away from all the foot traffic of the tourists. We loved the location close to the Wynn and Encore for buffet and nightlife, respectively. We had 6 girls and were able to easily fit in a Bella Suite. The Bella Suite had 2 queen incredibly comfy beds and a nice sleeper sofa that can fit 6-7 people. We told the hotel 2 people and were able to fit 6 girls in the suite comfortably. The bathroom had a double sink, bathtub, shower, and vanity with a private toilet! This was such a perfect arrangement for us 6 girls to use the bathroom all together. Service was great and the gym was relatively big. I would definitely go back again. The only thing I didn't like was the small casino. I would just go to the Venetian next door which has a bigger casino.
5	Great rooms,
4	Overall, I was very impressed with The Palazzo.  It is a newer hotel/casino on the strip and the rooms look that way, too.  For the price you pay, they are some of the larger rooms on the strip.  The Cosmopolitan charges even more money for a smaller room.  A $20 tip to the front desk attendant got us a great room with an amazing view of the strip and Treasure Island.  We got a suite with a large comfy bed and sunken living room.  All the materials looked to be high quality.  The televisions in the bathroom are pretty cool, too.  It was a very luxurious room and was a big step up after staying at the Sahara the night before (this was back in 2010).  The location is great being in the middle of the strip and the pools were amazing (you have access to the Venetian pool as well when you stay at The Palazzo, and vice versa). Even though this is a 5 star resort, I think the bad economy reflects the amenities and service you receive.  There wasn't as much extra attention as I would expect for a 5 star resort but they probably aren't charging the prices they used to in 2007, either.  The casino floor is very nicely decorated with non-smoking sections which is a relief.  I remember going to Vegas just a few years ago and I would feel sick and have a constantly runny nose from all the cigarette smoke.  They are really starting to clean things up in Vegas which is a step in the right direction.
5	Still our favorite place to stay in Vegas (and we go pretty often). The rooms are huge and the restaurants are all fantastic.
4	Good place to stay for a decent price...
4	One of my favorite hotels In Vegas! Rooms are huge and the bathroom is also nice and big. Hate paying more for 2 beds but then again it is Vegas. Pool is pretty nice with lots of lounge chairs. I'll be back for sure
5	We stayed in the Sienna Suite with Prestige level.  WOW!!!! Take look a their web site and see what you get for the bump up to Prestige level.  Definately recommend this hotel and would stay there again. We loved the private check-in/check-out, Presitige Lounge with breakfast, snacks, free cocktail hour with premium drinks, and oh yeah LIMO service to and from the airport - no cab lines for us this trip - worth it for this alone.
4	Stayed here last week. Beautiful and convenient. The suite is spacious and fancy - marble countertops and such. There was even a remote control for the curtains! Wow! Lots of pillows on the bed, so you can choose flat or fluffy. Only one minor complaint, I realize that the mini-fridge full of overpriced drinks is a standard thing, but I was bit annoyed there wasn't room to shove in my leftover half sandwich from a late night snack. Oh, and the note on the fridge says you will automatically be billed for drinks taken, so no dice on temporarily moving bottles out. Love the bathroom and bathroom amenities. Glass walled stand-up shower, bathrobes, a nice tub and another TV in there. There was a little box with q-tips, a shower cap and even a mini sewing repair kit. Okay, I didn't need to use it, but it was thoughtful. I was bemused by the phone right next to the toilet. Situated close to the Venetian, Mirage, Treasure Island, Wynn, and Fashion Show mall. Some construction was going on out but it was no bother. The hotel restaurants were good although typical Vegas pricey- I enjoyed the Canyon Ranch Cafe and Espressamente Illy. Also there's a Walgreens right out front, convenient for getting things like bottled water. We took a brief visit to lounge at the pool deck. They offered oranges! I don't like oranges, but it was a nice touch. In all fairness though, the pool boys should be shirtless if the pool girls have to walk around in bikinis and a skirt.
1	I had high expectations for the Palazzo the so called 5 start hotel, but recently during a recent stay my hotel room was burglarized by one of the hotel employees.  While I was gone they took one of my suitcases and filled it will as much stuff as they could taking everything from a computer, to shorts, to shoes, to a razor.  To add to this bad experience the Palazzo security was terrible.  They took my statement, but wouldn't give me an incident number or any information on the incident and in addition didn't give me any information on the investigation process.  They just handed me a business card and said call this number on Monday or Tuesday.  For the money paid to stay here I expect more from them from a security and customer service perspective.  My money is better spent on a place where the security guards actually work.  I WILL NOT STAY HERE EVER AGAIN!  MY ADVICE TO YOU - WATCH ALL YOUR STUFF, INCLUDING YOUR SHOES, OR DON'T STAY HERE!
5	The Palazzo offers fantastic rooms/suites that are clean, roomy, and gorgeous. Went last week for a bachelorette party and couldn't have asked for a better room. The beds are huge and so comfortable. Even the couches are suitable to sleep on. Great views, big bathrooms, great lighting, and lots of mirrors (6 girls getting ready in one room requires many many mirrors). Service was great too. Didn't have to wait too long for towels and other orders. The location is fantastic! Walking distance to clubs like XS, Tryst and Surrender. Dining options are great! So many things to choose from that are super close by/and or in the hotel itself.This is not the type of hotel to be loud in however. If you are looking for an upbeat, crowded, social and younger crowd...this isn't it. Casino/hotel has a very chill and mature vibe...which is actually a nice change from the noise and chaos of the strip. Didn't get a chance to check out the pool...but the pool party at Surrender is just a short walk away. Overall, I had an amazing experience and would highly recommend staying there.
4	Although I have not (yet) had a chance to be a guest of the Palazzo, I can't help but visit this hotel just to walk around their atrium and shops. Ok well more so for the atrium because I can't really afford anything really at the Shoppes at Palazzo, truth be told.I honestly just love coming to view the seasonal decorations in their atrium/waterfall area of the hotel.  Amongst the water features, fountains, and high ceilings, the centerpiece is the mammoth waterfall that cascades from the level above to the casino floor.  A showstopper in its own right, guests and tourists alike will surely find this a true Vegas photo op.  I've had the opportunity to visit the Palazzo during the 2010  holiday season, with my most recently this past spring, and I appreciate the time and effort that is put into decorating this area for the current season.  Once more, waterfalls and decorations aren't the only attractions, as the Palazzo offers the requisite casino, bars, and restaurants, with these including Dos Caminos and CUT.  Another aspect that can be appreciated about the Palazzo is that its sister hotel, the Venetian, is easily accessed thru a connecting walkway thru the Shoppes at Palazzo.  Bottom Line:  Always a must visit (for me) on a trip to Vegas.
4	I simply love Palazzo.  The rooms are beautiful and it is always awesome to have a TV in the bathroom.  I also am a huge fan of the beds - it literally feels like you are sleeping on a cloud, and it makes the hangover a lot less painful.  I also liked our view of Venetian, which at night was beautiful.   My only problem was one of our towels had a stain on it, and although the towel was clean it was still a little icky to see.  However, it was definitely something which could easily be missed by the house cleaners, so it was no big deal.We stayed at Venetian about a month ago as well, so it was interesting to compare the two.  Honestly, Palazzo is just a smidgen above Venetian - our room was a tad more modern and I think it is just a matter of taste in decor.  Overall, it was a wonderful stay and I am sure Palazzo (or Venetian) will be a go-to for us when we visit Vegas.
5	Stayed here during a girls Christmas getaway, awesome experience!Well located, close to a lots of restaurants, shops (Grand Canal, Shoppes @ Palazzo, Fashion Show etc.) and show theaters. Really capacious room. Posh and modern. My friend's Siena room even has a private workout room and jacuzzi tub.Nice views - Mine 40+ fl room has unobstructed views of the Canyon.   We also like the VIP lounge located on the 1st floor - a cozy, quite, exquisite hideout for us to grab some fruits & treats and chat. The hotel is magnificent both inside and out, truly lives to its name. A really minor draw back for non-gamblers is you have to walk through the casino to get to the guest room entrance, but not a big deal.
5	We loved our room here- beautiful modern decor with a hint of Hollywood Regency. Multiple Mirrors around the room. They have a tub and shower, plus a makeup area for the ladies. We did not really need to leave our hotel. The Palazzo has everything self-contained: food, sleep, shop, shows and gambling. Worth it!!!
4	Very nice and clean. was there to eat at del torro
3	Did not stay here, but during the convention I was attending, two MFR's had their parties at the LVAO club inside Palazzo! Trendy bar,..not the Best in Vegas by far,..but the food was good and the drinks were strong. the bartender did make it clear without strong tips you werent going to get much help from him...TRUE DAT!The place converts from a trendy lounge to a hoppin night club at some point each night. It was packed!
5	Great Place !!! Love this hotel..... will see you soon again !!!
4	Had a quick biz trip I needed to attend and it was held at the Palazzo. So I checked in Monday and must say it was effortless. No long check in line, the room was ready and clean. I was on the 43rd floor with a great view.I'll rethink my decision on where I'll be staying for my next trip to LV.
5	This is currently my Vegas hotel of choice! After staying at the Siena & Bella Suites (on two separate occasions), I completely fell in love and here are the reasons why: You can valet (free) or self park. If you chose the latter, park as close to the Front Desk elevators as possible because this will land you right next to the guest elevators leading up to the guest suites. The Casino elevators will take you closer to the front lobby and desk. The room I stayed in most recently was the Bella Suite (comes with two queen beds and a pull out cot built into the sectional sofa) and that room can easily fit six to seven people! Great for groups. The Siena Suite can fit four to five people, comfortably. Both the Siena and Bella Suites were well furnished and had just the right amount of opulence without going too overboard. The bathrooms were well lit and contain a vanity area for ladies, which is extremely helpful. There is definitely no shortage of flatscreen T.V.s!The amenities were great. Wi-fi! Bathrobes! Quality shampoo, conditioner, and lotion! Oh, and a hair dryer...wheee!The hotel staff is professional and courteous. I had no problem requesting extra key cards because they kept demagnetizing in my purse. Switching the room charge from my friend's credit card to mine was also a piece of cake! Requesting extra room amenities (shampoo/conditioner, towels, etc.) by calling the front desk from the phone in the suite had someone knocking on my door in less than ten minutes. I also like how they address you by name when you call down to the front desk. Great service.The Palazzo is conveniently located next to Wynn and Encore. Considering the popularity of Encore Beach Club during the day and XS at night, this is really helpful. Walking from Palazzo to Encore took less than fifteen minutes. And a cab ride to Wynn was less than ten minutes and cost $5.Did I mention there's a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf right next to the guest elevators?
5	We stayed here for our anniversary celebration trip.  The suite was fabulous.  We had a great view of the strip!  The bed was comfortable and the desk even had a printer for our use.  Despite a challenge at check-in, the staff made it work.  We also enjoyed the Prestige level concierge and breakfast/hospitality suite. This may become our new go-to hotel in Las Vegas.
5	I love the Palazzo!  I stayed here this past weekend and it exceeded expectations.  I felt pampered, lived in the lap of luxury, and wasn't over cheesed at all (which I am sad to say I can't assert as much for the rest of Vegas hotels.  I nearly gagged at the hideous displays in Caesar's Palace  ...lots of enthusiasm, but no design)The Platinum VIP lounge was spectacular with employees waiting on you with silver trays.The pool selection was also superb, which to me, is a very important aspect.  We had access to 4 different pools between the Palazzo and the Venetian in addition to close access to Tao Beach.Our suite on the 42nd floor was the picture of luxury.  3 TVs, one in the bathroom even, luxury bath and shower, remote control drapes for when you come home from the club at 5am and just want to pass out on the bed as well as black-out fabric for the curtains so you can sleep til 11am and wake up still thinking it is the middle of the night.I'm ready to go back!
4	Stayed here before, these are the largest standard rooms in Vegas. This hotel is my third favorite hotel in the city. The staff and service here are decent, but could use some more polish in general. Here are the major positive points: Rooms, Bed, Bathrooms, Location, Restaurants on the property.
3	Hotel (Bella Suite 3/5)The room/bathroom are all very nice in terms of both comfort and ascetics which is to be expected for a hotel in palazzo's price range. However, some very small things were lacking and I expect perfection when I'm not staying at budget accommodations. There is no door bell...which means in the morning around 9-10am, you are greeted with loud nonstop banging on the doors of your neighbors from the housekeepers. Yeah this is very unpleasant especially considering this is vegas and the chances of people sleeping in are very high. Another thing, there is no free music on the TV...you have to pay $15-20. Encore has both of these things. Casino (1/5)I recommend staying far away from the casino. I had a rather unpleasant experience and I will never go back. First off, if you are trying to buy into a table, the dealer should either be asking observers to move over and give you a spot or at least back you up when you ask them to move. My dealer did none of these so I had to deal with having a player's irritating girl friend give me dirty looks the whole time I'm at the table because I had asked her to move. I think when you're in vegas, you expect to lose money but at least you have fun doing it. Well thanks to her, the fun was ruined for everyone at the table. You know how usually the dealer tries to call out good cards for you? Well she tried to call out good cards for the dealer to beat my hands and what did the dealer do? NOTHING. And when I requested to change out some of my $25 chips, the dealer scoffed and reluctantly gave them to me. And when she needed more red chips, instead of politely asking me for some change, she asked the pit boss to come over and talk to me. Are you serious? What an unprofessional casino. And to top it all off, this is while I'm down over 1k. I've been down a lot of money before and it never bothers me because this is what gambling is all about but this kind of behavior is just plain unacceptable. After cashing out, the pit boss had the gall to ask me to tip the dealer...no way. Restaurant (Grand Luxe 2/5)I went to the restaurant with a group of seven. For the whole night, the service was extremely slow. It took our server forever to take our order, for the food to arrive, and for the bill to come. And the whole time, he never asked us how we were doing. I can understand this kind of behavior given if it was really busy but I could see him lounging at other smaller tables giving them all his attention because he already has our automatic gratuity. This is totally unacceptable so we all paid about half the gratuity and left. He chased us down and I told him that I wasn't satisfied with the service so I did not pay the full gratuity. I feel like tip is a privilege and not a right. He said he would deduct the remaining gratuity but he was not apologetic in the slightest bur rather angry. I'm very disappointed with Grand Luxe. As for the food, it was actually pretty good and I would give it 4/5.
5	I loved my stay at the Palazzo!  My boyfriend and I stayed here for the first time over Memorial Day weekend.  We are frequent visitors to Las Vegas and have stayed almost everywhere (I'm talking 100+ trips).  My check in was a breeze, they had the room I wanted available and it only took a few minutes to get the keys.  (We've stayed at other places [MGM] where we book one room, but by the time we check in they don't have any available - nothing irritates me more!)  Our room was on the 27th floor and we had an amazing view of TI and the Trump.  The bathroom was spacious and included a vanity area, shower, tub, 2 sinks and a TV.  The sunken living room area had an L-shaped couch, TV and desk/office area complete with a printer.  The bedroom area had a 2nd TV.  My only complaint about the room was that bed could have been more comfortable, not that it was uncomfortable, but stay at the Trump once and you'll want to sleep in a bed like that every night.We went to the pool Sunday afternoon and after getting a late start I was sure we would not be able to find chairs.  When we went to go get our towels they asked us if they wanted them to look for 2 chairs for us.   It took them about 15 minutes, but they got us 2 chairs next to each other and away from most other people.  Hungry, just head to the 2nd floor and take your pick of amazing restaurants.  Table 10 is one of our favorites.  Entertainment, the Zebra lounge had an 80's cover band playing Sunday night and we had a blast listening to them!The staff was really nice; every staff member I encountered said hi and asked my stay was going.  I'm no high roller, but I sure felt like luxury staying here!  It was an excellent experience and will be going back soon!
2	I thought the Palazzo would be awesome.  I was wrong.  Some of these things are little things, but when taken in combination, are too much.  Some are big things.1.  Worst thing was the smoke smell in the room.  Our first room smelled like smoke.  I asked for a different room.  They apologized, and put me in a different room, with a strip view for the inconvenience.  They said they cannot control what people do in their nonsmoking rooms (but they can, they can charge a cleaning fee).  Our second room was even worse, but i figured that was just the way it was, and wasn't going to complain again.2.  Our shower obviously hadn't been cleaned.  The first time we used it, we were stepping on two plastic covers from disposable razors.  That grossed me out.  I called housekeeping, asking them to clean it properly, was passed to a manager, who seemed irritated by my complaint.  (and can I just say, I'm really not a complainer, but when I spend $250-300 plus tax for a room, I expect more).3.  Bed was incredibly hard.  Couch was very comfy, I actually thought about sleeping there. :)Other minor things:1.  Only got our newspaper about half the days2.  Only two drinking glasses in the entire room.  Which we used for cocktails.  Had to drink water out of wineglasses.  3.  Paid for the prestige level, wasn't really worth it.  Free open bar at night was nice.  Breakfast had a huge spread, but not much in the way of savory items like eggs or cheese.4.  Despite high end finishes in the room (marble) they were poorly constructed.  Corner shelf in shower looked like it was about to fall off.  Knob holding the towel bar on the glass shower door fell off.
5	Absolutely breathtaking, beautiful hotel with top-notch service and beautiful, gorgeous, spectacular rooms.First of all, valet service was great. Greeted us promptly, asked us how we were doing today, and made sure that we did not take down a single suitcase from our car. The check-in lady was amazing and extremely nice and informative. We had not made previous reservations because we had just checked out from in a horrible, free hotel room we received from a friend. She made our check in extremely quick.At the front of the elevators, are security guards who check to make sure we have our room keys. I love that!When we arrived at our suite, we were in awe because we thought we would receive a small suite. It was huge for its price and gorgeous. The beautiful marble floors and the decor just made the price worthwhile. I am critical and extremely anal when it comes to bathrooms. This is one of the best rooms I have received when it comes to pricing. Beautiful walls, little TV in the upper corner of the mirror, nice bathtub, and beautiful shower. I love that there is a little vanity and stool to do your makeup. The bed was beautiful and comfy, but the sofa was even comfier. Loved that everything was spacious and there was a sunken living room.Also, when I had checked in, I did NOT ask for a view but I received one and it was spectacular. I received a view of the city, an entire golf course, and Wynn and Encore. When I laid in my bed at night, the city was sparkling and it was just the most incredible view. I would definitely pay more than $189 for that view. It was just breathtaking and the absolute highlight of the room.The bellhop was great and delivered our luggage and placed them in our room. Extremely nice and friendly and striked a conversation. I also loved that when we asked for extra blankets and towels, they contained in a plastic bag with a zipper, unlike many other hotels such as Wynn!This is an extremely clean hotel, with AMAZING service and AMAZING rooms and AMAZING restaurants. I love this hotel and is by far on the top of my go-to hotels in Vegas. I find it much more pleasant, quiet, and peaceful than Wynn even if there is a casino. The casino was so much more airy and did not stink of smoke. It had beautiful high ceilings and was fresh and vibrant! Loved it!
2	If you've stayed at actual "World Class" hotels in Paris, Italy, NY, SF and Kauai--you'd probably question "World Class" like us. And not sure it lives up to "The Palazzo is an escape to a life of luxury"--because service and amenities are part of a "life of luxury". Details count.///PROS/// - Swanky room--well maintained, clean, comfortable, great lighting, good bathroom set-up - Restaurants galore downstairs w/out the need to grab a taxi///CONS///- Highly Questionable serviceAs a professional having had several years in advertising and now user experience--as an experience, Palazzo does NOT pay off on it's own brand promise--nor what they actually market.        + No one greeted us when we stepped out of the Taxi.        + No one offered to help us with our bags--even though two door man yapped with each other and checked out other ladies. They completely ignored us.         + After check-in--and waiting 15 minutes to have a porter help up with bags to the room--we took off (we had a 10:45 dinner reservation and needed at lead 30 minutes to get refreshed/changed)        + Overall don't expect any kind of special treatment anywhere--most greeters, hosts, etc will barely acknowledge you, kind of nod--that's if they aren't rolling their eyes/bored to death sort of expression. This was everywhere with the exception of our actual servers at Lavo, Azure and the little restaurant/coffee shop near the main pool.        + We called a porter to check our bags Sunday to enjoy the pool (which didn't happen, see my note below)--after being told there were NO Late checkouts available (we'd asked for 1pm--and  noon--both denied). So we had to rush to get packed/ready by 11--only to have to wait 45 minutes for a porter. Hello, why didn't they just allow a late check-out? And we had to call to find out where they were. - The room        + Be prepared to get hella smokey walking to your room--as you need to walk through the smoke filled game room (in the morning it smells like opening a bar from my college bar tending days in Philly)        + For the room price one would expect a far superior hair dryer and products. Come on who wants to check bags for an hour flight--and a 2 nighter in Vegas? This is a baseline user need--and really surprised on both accounts.        + If you forget something like say toothpaste, expect to pay $10 for a 4 oz tube that airport security makes you throw out bc it is over 3 oz. - The pool        + ON Sunday ALL of the pools (YES, ALL 7) were "closed indefinitely" for maintenance--including Azure! No information on reopening--and some lame excuse about their filtration system. What? That said, vomit/bathroom mistakes do not equate to ALL pools being closed (we've experienced this at St. Regis where "the" pool where the incident occurs get's closed--with a ETA on opening)--thus we wondered: did someone drown/get killed? Or did someone tamper with the water (like did we need to get tested somewhere)? No info--and no discount. They did offer a 3 min walk to the Venetian to use their horribly small, hip-hop scene of a pool. With NO chairs available. But here is the issue--IF WE WANTED TO GO TO THE POOL AT THE VENETIAN WE WOULD HAVE STAYED AT THE VENETIAN. WE CHOSE PALAZZO TO GO TO THE PALAZZO POOLS. ///IF YOU GO...///- Drying hair for two days with a crappy dryer only takes life out of your hair and breaks it--so bring your own. A pain for a short jaunt (and carry on) but do it.- Bring your own soap/lotion. I know, a complete pain if you don't want to check luggage--but the white labeled products are terrible for the room price--and a "luxury" advertised hotel.- Don't expect amazing service- Don't expect special treatment as a hotel guest at any restaurant/pool- Don't expect a late check out (as I think we've had at every other single "World Class" hotel all over the world)--and then expect them to make you wait if you desire a porter to help with bags/check them if your flights is later in the day.///NO COMMENT///- In room TV, entertainment, etc...--we brought our iPad for Sirus & Pandora--but you do have 3 TV's. So if you like them--they are there.- In room bar/foods--only purchased the peanut m&m's--typical $9 deal, so no surprises there. ///WILL WE STAY AT THE PALAZZO AGAIN?///- Unlikely***SEE OUR OTHER REVIEWS***+ Lavo+ Lavo the Club+ Azure the Beach Club+ Tao Club+ Sushi Samba
3	Casino management was nice enough to give me a personal call to apologize. He also comped my stay for the first night. It's nice that they still take time to address complaints. I'll probably be open to staying again at their hotel at least.
4	Stayed at The Palazzo last night.  Great hotel for what I needed.  Rooms were large and had everything you could want for business related matters, right there in the room.  IO also had some time to sit by the pool and rented a Cabana for a few hours.  Lucas, who was our waiter, was outstanding.  Great guy and made our afternoon very relaxing.  All in all a very nice hotel.  Clean, good service, etc.
4	Palazzo: noun, a palatial building, esp in Italy.I absolutely loved my stay at the palazzo. After a day of walking around the strip and checking out the other hotels in the area, I the palazzo was a winner.1-I loved how low key the place was. After the hussle and bustle of Vegas life, I really appreciated coming back to my lovely, serene, charming palazzo suite with an amazing view of the city and the mountains. the sunken living room was a nice touch, the three flat screens were a bit excessive, and the spacious bathroom was much appreciated.The windows were humongous and I loved sitting on the sill and watching the city and sunset, although I do wish they made the sill bigger with cushions. Everyone was extremely friendly, and the service was excellent. Although I found out it was 45 min wait and plus additional charges to bring a water kettle to the room which was pretty ridiculous. Besides that, everything else was great, and you won't be disappointed at the palazzo. :)
4	First time staying here and I really enjoyed it. That being said, for the price there were some things that really were out of place. Rather than dwell, here's some pros when deciding if it's for you:PRO:- AMAZING service on the casino floor. Dealers were friendly and waitresses were fast. Table minimums were reasonable.- Upclass, younger but mature crowd. Mostly late 20s through 30s. So not as crazy as the cheap places, but not a retirement home either.- Gratitude got me some comps off my bill, even for mostly minimum bets at the tables.CON:  - For the price, a little too huckster. They're shilling the Phantom Of The Opera like no tomorrow. Everything has an upcharge from the pool to the spa to the food. Which is OK, but sometimes it feels a little much.- Off brand slots. I'm usually an MGM group kind of guy. The slots here are more like the ones in Detroit and Louisiana. Kind of generic and none of the familiar crowd pleasers.(Except WHEEL! OF! FORTUNE! which you can't escape).- Views are considered an upgrade, because it's mostly suites there isn't a lot of wiggle room. I know, kind of minor, but if you're used to getting a little more for how much you gamble and how much you're willing to give this is not the place for you.Some other pro tips:- Grand Lux Cafe is amazing for value and quality. There are a crap ton of "upcharge" restaurants but none of them were really worth it. - Holy crap the Venetian has gone downhill. Take a walk over there and it's more like Luxor or Circus Circus.
4	I didn't stay at the Palazzo, but we attended a dinner there.  We had a lovely private room.The servers were really quick and attentive.  I think there were only 2 of them for our group of 30, but I can't say I ever waited for a drink.  When we started moving around and table hopping, they did a good job keeping up with everyone and delivering cocktails to the appropriate recipients.The food was great.  I was tempted to just have absurd quantities of bruschetta for dinner, but everything else was delicious as well.Definitely get the beignets for dessert.  You'll need a couple of friends to split them with, but you don't want to miss the hot beignets with the raspberry sauce.
5	I was pleasantly surprised at how clean and elegant this hotel turned out to be. It's definitely got to be one of Las Vegas' best kept secrets in terms of bang for your buck. I don't exactly recall how much I paid to stay 1 night, but I assure you it was nothing compared to the more popular southern end of the strip.The rooms are clean, modern, and HUGE. This place is perfect if you're staying with a large group, and I'm pretty sure you can get adjoining rooms for those of you who are traveling with a biker gang. My group had 6 people and we all slept comfortably on a bed. 2 Queens + 1 Pullout Queen = Best Vegas deal by far.For rooms I'd pick The Pallazzo over The Cosmo, any day.
5	Beautiful Hotel! My family and I actually walked down the strip and looked into a few of the famous hotels. I will say that the Venetian and the Palazzo are the nicest places on the strip. The rate at the Venetian was $229 but at their sister hotel, the Palazzo, was only $189. The Palazzo shares the same facilities with the Venetian. Therefore, unless you just have your heart set on spending a lot of money, stay at the cheaper resort. I promise that you won't regret it.
5	My man friend and I rolled in last weekend for a little Daisy Carnival love (EDC) google it.  By far my favorite hotel yet in Vegas. All of the rooms are suites, which is sweet. They don't even have a not-so-secret "Secret Pizza", like the Cosmopolitan, BUT there's a Walgreen's at the bottom of the Venetian (Palazzo's cousin or sister). Sorry, but Walgreen's beats the pizza when you've got to have what you've got to have. (i.e., toothpaste, beef jerky, lube, you name it). The decor is modern and there's enough room between the bathyroom and the beddyroom for your private lady moments.
4	The Palazzo is pretty darn fantabulous!The rooms are large, have two beds, a pullout bed and a couch so there is plenty of room for everyone. It has a huge bathroom with a glass shower and bath tub, vanity mirror with seat in the corner, and large two person sink. It even has a telephone in the toilet room and a television in the corner of the bathroom so you can watch all your sports games while in the shower...it's pretty fun! The room itself has two large televisions, a lighted bar onto of a dresser, the beds are separated from the living room area by a declining stair dip down where an L-shaped couch (pullout bed) is and a coffee table. There is also a mini fridge in the corner of the room, a table and chairs for dining, a desk in the other corner which comes complete with an all-in-one fax, copy, print machine! This place is pretty loaded, looks great, comfortable, clean, and our view looked directly down over the pool from the 30th floor...yeah it was pretty sweet! The eateries were not that great and some of them even had signs saying "closed, coming soon" but the pool area was pretty nice. It came with full towel service, the people were really friendly. They had seats in the water you could sit and relax in which I loved. They had three main large pools, one small private party pool (which wasn't as popular as it should have been, sadly they were begging people to go to the parties that weekend, but we'll just give them benefit of the doubt and blame EDC) and about 10 other small pools surrounding it.Overall this place is one of the nicest places I've stayed at in Las Vegas so far and would love to go back again.
5	By far my favorite Resort in Vegas. The rooms are fantastic. They laid them out perfectly, and put a lot of thought and detail into them. I have stayed there probably about 5 times now and like it better than Ceasers, Encore, or any of the other 12 or so properties I have stayed in Vegas. Just book a room and enjoy yourself, stop hesitating, you know you want to.Make sure you eat at Bouchon!!
4	I love The Palazzo and The Venetian. We stayed at The Palazzo for the second time this past week and the rooms were great. We took my nephews to the strip to celebrate their graduation and we got two rooms that were adjoining. The rooms were not huge like the suite we had last time but were still very nice and comfortable. I called to book the rooms and the gentleman I talked with was very nice. He told me he would put me down for a noon check-in. I was skeptical. We live in Las Vegas and we know that an early check-in rarely happens. Check-in is at 3 and you're lucky if they have a room at 3. I told him as much. He said it helps them out to have a few early check-ins since they get swamped at 3 and he'd put in for noon and we should get it. He did admit there was a chance we wouldn't but he sounded pretty confident we would. I should also point out that we paid the extra money for the "view" suites that give you a view of the strip. So, we show up at 1:30 to check-in and they don't have anything ready. Ugh. I'm irritated but I knew this was most likely going to happen. So, I just go with it. She said she found adjoining suites but they needed to be cleaned. I made sure to ask if they were strip view. She said they were. So, we leave our luggage with guest services and head out to explore the strip until we get the call that our rooms are ready. They called at 3:30. We left the nephews to explore on their own and my husband and I went back to the hotel. Our rooms are on the 6th floor. Already I'm getting a bad feeling. How much of a view can you get from the 6th floor? We get into the rooms and I'm disappointed to find that our view is of the pool and we have zero view of the strip. I was very upset as I had specifically asked, and had been assured, TWICE that we had strip view rooms. I was going to call and bitch about it even though I hate being that person. But I paid for something I didn't get. However, my nephews assured me they loved the room and they didn't mind having a view of the pool. lol   Plus, we weren't in the room long enough that it really mattered. I just wanted them to have an awesome Vegas experience and a view of the strip from the hotel room would have gone a long way toward that. Other than that, we enjoyed our stay. Room service is so excellent at The Palazzo. The food is delicious and service is outstanding. The staff there is so friendly. We will be back again.
4	Stayed at the Bella Suite which mirrors Venetian Suites...comes w/a great view of the Strip...living room w/couch & tv...the bedroom has a tv as well....and most importantly the bathroom has a tv...tub & shower....standard stuff along with double sinks & a vanity and a full length mirror as soon as you step out of the bathroom. Room service is a bit slow but the staff is very friendly...they have a lot of great entertainment in the hotel so there's no need to leave the hotel...the couch in the living room also folds out into a bed...extra blankets r rather thin....overall it's a good room w/an excellent view :)
5	Our room was fantastic and it was a standard room! It was soooo huge with a sunken living room and great view of the strip. I could watch the shows from my window! Warning: don't even touch the candy or snacks on the bar. They have a sensor and so even if u pick it up but put it back your room will be charged! I was told this at checkin but only because I asked questions about the bar so just in case they don't tell you, now ya know! I thought the Pilazzo was nicer than the Ventian but the Ventian casino was under construction so maybe that's why. Either way, can't go wrong here, largest standard rooms on the strip!
4	I Love the Venetian. Even tho Palazzo is newer & nicer somewhat. I still prefer Venetian. I don't like the far walk from Palazzo but parking at the P going to V's poker room is a lot faster tho hehee. P's parking lot is annoying at first and don't like the fact that a lot of people smoke down there & it just stays there the smell. Grr..
4	I had a really hard time deciding if I should give Palazzo three or four stars but settled on four due to the property itself. The rooms are a three based on expectation and price.The Property:-Really an awesome homebase. There is tons of stuff to do in here and something for every person or circumstance. Great location.-Great happy hours at Taqueria Canonita ($3 wells and $5 margaritas and long islands!), First food and bar, Zefferino ( although the food there sucks) and other places that werent as much my style.-Excellent food. Taqueria Canonita, Otto, Canaletto, Cut, Bouchon, Delmonico etc.-A cheap food court with awesome pretzels, hot dogs, chinese etc.-Great bourbon list but stupid contrived atmosphere at the Bourbon room. No problem, I'll take my whiskey to go in a plastic cup! $3 for a nice pour of Evan Williams and plenty of better selections at the $5-$10 range.-Good gaming, nice slot selection and I was able to find $10 roulette almost always. Easy to navigate casino floor.-The atmosphere is a little hokey, especially the opera type music piped into the elevators. Give it a rest.-The complex as a whole can be very confusing to navigate.-Good shopping if you like fancy things.The rooms:-Easy check in. We arrived on a Monday but at noon we barely waited in line and got our room immediately.-Fancy appearance. They sure do look nice but the furnishings remind me a little bit too much of somebodies rich grandmas house. They are really big though with high ceilings and big windows.- My room really had a "puked in" feel to it. It was clean for the most part but a little dinged up and had a few stains. No smell or large stains but it just felt a little skeezy.-My damn bedroom tv didnt work right, no HD channels. I didnt bother calling down, too much headache. Not going to watch much tv in Vegas anyways.-Better toiletries at the Golden Nugget. Cmon now, this is a five diamond hotel right?-Comfy bed, comfy pillows, slept awesome.So basically I wasnt that impressed with the rooms. The property is kind of corny but has everything you could ever want and is in a great location. Overall I dont have too much really bad to say and really enjoyed my time here.
4	I went here to take a stroll and eat at Legasse's.  This is a nice looking property!  It was elegant and beautifully built with a cool statue in the main lobby.  By the looks of the people walking around and gambling, it was a more mature crowd in this place.
5	One of the best hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas.  Extremely friendly staff...from the front desk to the In Suite Dining crew.  The rooms are immaculate! The restaurants are awesome.  The shops are some of the best.  Bonus to it all it is connected to the Venetian.It's a VEGAS Must Stay!
5	Came here during EDC and Pacquaio weekend! It was a bachelorette/ Birthday weekend. . .We lucked out b/c my friend's husband took care of the hotel for us 5 girls to stay for the weekend.This place is exactly how the venetian is (layout wise)Room service was amazing! Food is fantastic!Another awesome experience in Vegas!
5	Stayed at the Palazzo for 5 nights in July of last year. It is an amazing hotel, great location and friendly staff.Check in- Was simple and easy. There was a small queque at about noon on a Wednesday but it went quick. We had a standard Bella suite booked. I felt daring so I tried to $20 tip trick to get a room with a view. I was amazed when it worked. Instead of a 10th floor room with a view of a parking garage we got an amazing view of the pool and the strip.Rooms-The room was perfect for four girls. The bathroom was spacious, there was enough counter space for all our items. The beds were very comfortable and the sitting area was the perfect spot to relax and look at the people in the pools.Pools- There was 7 pools which was great because none of them were super crowded. There were pool parties at Azure, but we choose not to and just relax instead.Food- There are a variety of restaurants in this hotel. Our favorite had to be Grand Lux and I Love Burgers. Great value and moderately priced.I loved this hotel and will be returning again in August to stay for 4 nights.
5	We were guests again the middle week of June, 2012.  I thought it impossible, but service was actually better than the excellent service last time.The room was a dream.  Gorgeous wants me to tear out the two bathrooms at home and have two delivered from the Palazzo.  The sunken living room was a delight and the tech stuff next to the desk was up to date.  I conducted just enough business to make me want to stop.  So I did.We upgraded to a Hospitality package and it was worth every penny.  A charming continental breakfast each morning.   Whore D'erves (it prounces right, I just can't spell it right) each evening.  The staff was professional and charming.  The Hospitality Room on the Concierge Floor was filled with big chairs, big couches, plenty of tables.  We sat back and enjoyed the view of the Strip.  Lights coming on in recognition of a setting sun.Staff throughout the Palazzo and the Venetian were courteous and responsive to our every need and question.Yes, we'll go back.  I can't imagine staying anywhere else in Vegas.Staff . . . you were out of this world!!Norm and Pam
5	Palazzo, you spoiled me rotten.   We checked in at 2 pm on a Friday. Sigh... that's nice.   I can't help but notice that most Las Vegas hotels put down 3 pm as their check-in time.   Seriously?   People travel in far off places and you let them wait to check-in when they're tired? Or wait... they're late coming from far off places  and that's why you moved the check-in to 3 pm? Anyways,  Palazzo personally  welcome their guests, calling you by your last name, acknowledging or suggesting anything to cover your every possible need. There's plenty of dining spots to chose from.   Morels was amazing for breakfast, room service was impeccable and they also have a budget friendly food court too.   But there was one tiny thing I do have to mention and I know it's quite a stretch with 5 people staying in the room.   Every time I called for house keeping and asked for a list of items,  it seems that they would forget something.   Ok, I may have pushed it a bit... but I was in charge of this trip and I wouldn't let anything be less of an experience that I thought possible for the cousins that tagged along.  I hope to be back soon, my Grazie points from the rooms charges and the restaurant stops are just waiting for the next fun adventure in Las Vegas.  See ya!
4	The Palazzo is a no frills hotel that's great for a quick, cheap stay -- don't expect jet tubs or even a coffee maker in your room. (No coffee maker = no immediate hangover remedy! What a rude awakening!)The suites here are pretty standard, but the material they use and the craftsmanship they hired was a sore miss - the room just feels very cheap.Likewise, the room service is sparse at best -- don't expect someone to bring you new toothpaste when it's out or fold your clothes.Overall, I liked it. Good location, decent no-frills stay, especially for the price.
5	Our original reservation was for the Venetian, however, the staff upgraded us to  the Palazzo and a higher floor with a strip view. The room was great, incredibly spacious,  with a living room area and a fancy bathroom. The staff was very polite throughout our stay. This hotel is walking distance to Fashion show mall, and other near by hotels like the Wynn, and TI. I particularly enjoyed the pool area for lounging and relaxing. I would definitely stay here again.
5	My favorite Vegas hotel to stay in thus far. We arrived about 8am on a Friday to the entryway bellhop telling us that check-in wouldn't be until 3, but guest services would hold our bags and we could go preregister. Lo and behold, the sweet lady at check-in granted our heart's desire for our room to be ready NOW. When we told her that our bags were stowed with guest services, she took our ticket, made a quick call and let us know that the bags would be up within 15 minutes. When we got up to the room, I figured we would be waiting at least 45... two minutes after opening the door, the front desk called to let us know a bellhop was bringing the bags at that moment. Two minutes from that moment, Carlos brought us our bags and even took our ice bucket to fill up. Yeah, he was tipped handsomely. :)I shared my room with two other girls with PLENTY of room to spare... also, hella mirrors so no one had to wait/fight for space when getting ready. Seriously, mirror when you walk in, three sets of mirrors in the bathroom, mirror next to the window... if you're a lady, you have options. The beds were amazingly comfy and sturdy (there's a ledge next to the beds that just invites you to use it as a launching pad... yep, I'm eight years old). The bathroom is gorgeous and I swear, I WILL have that vanity in my own home one day. Double sinks and plenty of counter space equaled all of our beauty products laid out like they for for sale... nice to not have to keep everything in bags and have to search when you're already pressed for time/late to get somewhere.In regards to the rest of the hotel's amenities available, the Palazzo offers plenty that we were thrilled about. Besides having its own pools (including Azure, the adult pool), restaurants, casino and shops, it is connected to its older yet still relevant sister, the Venetian... which meant we had another set of pools, more shops to spend at, more food options and another casino to lose our money at. :/Two of my not-so-favorite things... I understand that the bath products were complimentary and I am not a fan of complaining about free shizz, but seriously, Suave smells better than the stuff they provide. I ended up having to go to the Walgreens connected to the Venetian to get conditioner and lotion because I wasn't about to walk around smelling like potpourri from the 90's. Also, the TV's search option was on the fritz, so when it came to doing the express checkout, it took way longer than it should have ("express" generally means quick, right?!).As much of a fan I am of trying new things and staying new places, I think the Palazzo is officially my new Vegas home. :)
5	Ahhhhh the Palazzo.  The smell, the slight hum of slot machines in the background.....LOVE it.  This is by far my favorite place to stay in Vegas.  I am a player here (not THAT kind of player....come on now) and used to get quite a few comp offers to stay at Palazzo.  According to my favorite bartender who makes me the BEST cosmos at the center bar next to the gift shop, the players club "scaled back" on comp offers a bit ago.  That was unfortunately because I don't ever pay for a hotel room in Vegas and had to go elsewhere where I was offered comps.  The suites are just so much nicer and larger than your "traditional" Vegas room.  Love the decor and everything about it.Well, I'm happy to say that I have a comp for this 4th of July weekend at Palazzo and will be staying at Palazzo the next 3 days.  I plan on my regular "circuit" while there: Check in and sniff up the Palazzo aroma in the air, stop by the center bar for cosmo on way to room, immediately head back down and hit the tables, head up to floor 23 for some afternoon cocktails/apps around 5ish and then finish up the night gamblling and having fun.  Next day:  cocktails by pool and soaking up the Las Vegas sunshine, while wearing SPF 100.  Now THAT's a great weekend.
4	This review is a little bit late. I stayed at Palazzo in 2010. My friend booked the room for us (Bella Suite). This suite is very nice and elegant. The Bella Suite included 2 queen beds and an "L" shaped sofa bed with 1 bathroom. While staying at Palazzo, we received FREE passes to TAO & Lavo. This was very handy because we also had guys in our group. In Vegas, it's very hard for guys to get into clubs without paying horrendous prices. This is hotel also has a casino which is very convenient, but pricey. I played the blackjack table and the buy in is about $20.The hotel is located at the end of the strip which can be an inconvenience if you want to go to the other hotels (i.e. Cosmopolitan or PH). It is close to Encore where you can go to Surrender or Encore beach.Overall great hotel, but I don't like how it's located at the end of the strip. I prefer a hotel somewhere in the middle of the strip. club
4	Just finished my first stay at the Palazzo in Las Vegas, it was very nice but I did not see much differences from the Venetian. The rooms look the same, but I got a much better rate at the Palazzo on a weekend. The staff was very nice and the pool deck was very nice, I do wish they had an adults only pool. I would most definitely stay at the Palazzo on my next trip to Las Vegas.
4	What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas....except when writing a Yelp review. I stayed in one of The Palazzo's Bella Suites with 2 girlfriends on a mini vacay and absolutely loved it. Our room was gorgeous and luxurious, with 2 queen beds and a sunken living room that boasted an l-shaped sofa, a dining table and a large flat screen tv. We also had a fantastic view of the strip and all the excitement Vegas has to offer. But perhaps my favorite aspect of the suite was the bathroom. A telephone by the toilet? Yep. A flat screen in the main bathroom? That, too. An awesome vanity perfect for a gaggle of girls all trying to get ready at once? Uh huh. The bathroom, in my opinion, was perfection. It was Vegas, after all, so we didn't spend a ton of time in our (not so) humble accommodations. But since this review is purely about The Palazzo, I'll reflect on the time we actually spent at the resort. The weather was warm and sunny throughout our stay, so we posted up poolside soaking up the sun and absorbing the sights and sounds of Vegas during prime tanning time. When we weren't donning our swimwear, we enjoyed happy hour at Sushisamba, dinner at Tao (we might've sat adjacent to that dude who got lost in The Hangover), pretended like we knew what we were doing in the casino, sipped champagne, and shopped. Oh man, the shopping. I could really spend days in Vegas on shopping alone. If only I had the dough to satiate my fashion desires. The Shoppes at The Palazzo include gems like Chloe, Christian Louboutin, and DVF (and of course the designer offerings only continue down the strip). Needless to say, there was a lot of inner struggle and practicing of self-control during this Vegas visit.Moral of the story is: The Palazzo provided the ideal home base for three girls and their Vegas adventures. I'd probably stay somewhere different next time, but only because it's fun to experience something new.And if you thought I was going to reveal any escapades based on my review intro... so sorry, some of what happens in Vegas actually stays in Vegas.
1	"I'M GOING TO FUCKING KILL YOU!""NO NO. CALM DOWN!"This happened at 3 AM during my stay at Palazzo on July 7, 2012 on floor 36 and room 730. A drunken couple was fighting, death threats were flying, and what should be the most basic of functions for a hotel room -- SLEEP -- was denied for my entire family. Was this Palazzo's fault? No. Did their customer service fail to handle a situation that made me and my family feel unsafe in an expensive suite? Yes.We had an AWFUL experience at the Palazzo and with their customer service. We stayed at the hotel on July 6, 2012 on the 36th floor in room 730. At 3AM, a drunken brawl essentially occurred outside our door. My mother and grandmother were afraid for their safety.Here's where this went even more wrong:  I reported it to the front desk and they made a note about it and hung on me. Come next morning as we're checking out, I pointed this situation out to them and was promptly brushed off. How can we justify spending hundreds of dollars for a hotel room when we couldn't even get any sleep? To add insult to injury, they treated us as if were trying to extort them. Yes, a multi-billion dollar hotel and casino and they couldn't resolve the issue of one freaking scary and awful night.I spoke to a supervisor and was informed it wasn't their problem and that they 'can't be responsible for what other guests do'. Are you freaking kidding me? There were death threats flying ... how is it not your problem? For an 'elite' hotel, the customer service at Palazzo is atrocious and I've had much better stays at the Wynn and Bellagio where they actually take care of the guests.If I wanted to hear drunk people brawl and fear for my safety, I'd have rented a hotel room in the ghetto.Bottom line: Save your money. The inside is nice, but most of the other Strip hotels are just as nice, WITH the impeccable customer care and service. Go elsewhere.
4	Great up-scale hotel on the Strip.  Was able to score a pretty decent price of 138 bucks a night via priceline.  Like sister hotel the Venetian, all rooms are suites and huge.  The bathrooms are great, and even has a TV so you can be entertained while getting ready to go out.
4	Got a pretty good deal on a suite from hotels.com. The room was definitely worth it. Hotel was great--I'll try to stay here again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	The Palazzo is my home away from home!No, seriously.I only stay here when I visit Las Vegas from northern California several times a year. (Prior to their opening 4 years ago, I stayed at the Venetian). Wanna know why? -The suites are beautiful. -My views have always been incredible.  -The staff treats me like VIP (but that could be based upon my gameplay). ;)-Fabulous restaurants (though I'm still sad Dos Caminos closed). -Great Player's Club perks. -Private VIP rooms within the casino between both the Venetian and Palazzo. -Exceptional pools and cabanas. -Friendly housekeepers. -Access to multiple retail shops and other hotels. I'm always sad to leave the resort and cannot wait to return...But I will be "home" again in October! Best. Hotel. In. Las. Vegas.
4	The D. family are not big on much. We really like free things, though. Free booze and food especially. We stayed on the Prestige Level during our recent Vegas vacation. Pros- free booze from 5-8pm each night. free breakfasts from 7-10am.  Delicious appetizers, pastas, desserts. COMFORTABLE beds. LARGE rooms. 3 tvs. Attached to the Venetian Pools. Comfy robes. Very clean!Cons- bartenders were rude to me and my boyfriend. Like, WTH seriously?? No room at the pools, had to head to Venetian. Had to order a hair dryer.Overall, I'd totally stay here again.
2	Would not stay here again.Arrived Saturday afternoon for a good friend's bachelor party. There is 5 of us in total staying in a Bella Suite. The room is extremely clean. Practically spotless. Very spacious as well. The bathroom was really roomy. Comes with shower and bathtub. The room cost us $400 for 1 night. $80 a person is not bad at all for a really nice suite like this one was.Now moving on to the reason I will not stay here again. Call me finicky, but good customer service goes a long way. The employee's at this hotel did not provide good customer service. We were told our room came with an Ipod dock at no extra charge. My friend call's the front desk and they give him attitude as soon as he ask's about it. Finally once the agent starts listening to him, the agent says it will be $35 to rent it. We just end up letting it go.About an hour later, we call to request 5 martini glasses up to our room. After about 1 hour of waiting, my friend calls room service to check on it. I dont know what they told him, but they end up arriving about 30 minutes after he called for the second time. I mean c'mon. An hour and a half for 5 martini glasses?! Its not like we had ordered gourmet meals or anything. Nice, spacious and comfortable rooms. But the service left a lot to be desired.
5	Straight ballin.& the 20-dollar trick works!
4	Really nice rooms, we had adjoining rooms so it seemed super large. Super clean and great view. Its conveniently located on the strip and they have a nice office area. Things that they could improve on: ipod docks for music, have a microwave. There is not one microwave in the wholeeeeee building!
4	Beautiful rooms! I was finally able to stay here and I love that every room is a suite. It was so fun! Casino is a little tight but that's Vegas.... There were some price discrepancies on room service so I suggest to avoid it completely. Check in takes too long.Grazie has sent us over 10 invites to come back and stay for free so that means they are hurting or we spend way too much when we gamble, either way, can't complain about free stuff.
5	As the newer, fresher twin of the Venetian, the Palazzo is also worthy of the same acclaim of it's predecessor.  While one might not notice much differences between the two hotel, there are subtleties of Palazzo that distinguish it from the Venetian.  First off, because it's a few years newer, the hotel rooms do have a more modern appeal and look.  The layout of their rooms is pretty identical, but something about the Palazzo feels more modern.  I believe it has to do with the colors, but I'm not an interior designer, so I can't give actual specifics.  Another plus of the Palazzo is that Grand Lux Cafe is just downstairs and open 24/7! That means you can simply phone in an order and pick it up 20 minutes later in the separated cafe, or you can drop in and have an above average meal very conveniently.  While Venetian also has it's own Grand Lux, I feel the Venetian one is more packed simply because it's "closer" to other attractions/hotels.  The beds at the Palazzo are a legitimate competitor to my memory foam bed @ home; the plush mattresstop and sleek, silk sheets make sleeping in the bed extremely easy and comfortable.  In the few occasions where I actually get to sleep in a bed, I wake up feeling refreshed, relaxed and ready to taint my mind & body w/ alcohol and late-night clubbing.  One day I shall repeat this cycle of alcohol/ sleep on bed over a span of days and see how good I actually feel :)Lavo, the lounge/bar downstairs is apparently a nice place to chill and drink.  While not exactly a place to dance your pants off, it is a convenient location for hotel guests to start the weekend off with some class, before your sweat smears off your makeup and your shoes end on your hands instead of your feet.  I would recommend Lavo for those who don't like dancing/crowds and prefer just drinking and trying to socialize before the alcohol hits.  When it does, you might as well move over to Tao (at the Venetian) where it's so dark and crowded no one will know the difference.  So if you're stuck with a choice between Palazzo or Ventian, just flip a coin as it really doesn't matter too much.  The Palazzo is easier to park in and exit since its entrance is off-the-strip slightly, so that's a plus.  Walking to the Wynn is also closer than the Venetian, so if you wanted to go to XS / Encore Beach Club / Surrender, Ventian will make that walk of intoxicated, shameful walk  back home all the shorter :)
5	Stayed there last weekend and I do have to say I was very pleased and impressed with this establishment. The rooms were huge and spacious. The service from check in to check out were top notch. During check-in I asked if the resort fee could be waived as I wouldn't be using the gym during my weekend stay and it was waived with absolutely no issue. Got there really early in the morn so room wasn't ready but they called me on my cell as soon as it was.The Concierge got me last minute dinner reservations for a Friday night when my mother and I were in a bind. Also enjoyed its casino as it seemed more refined with great lighting and no loud music blaring all the time. The crowd is definitely more my speed  and not loud drunks.Would DEFINITELY stay here again and recommend anyone to stay here.
5	Came back to this wonderful establishment for my 4th of July Birthday weeknd and once again the showed me mad love. Had the 11Am early check-in which stood well with me. Stayed for 3 days and it was a little over $800. The suite was flawless once again with the 2 beds 720 sq ft. 2 TVs and and 1 in the bathroom.I also got to check out other rooms in the Palazzo and Venetian when I went room hopping on this trip (4 suites total) and in my opinion Palazzo rooms are better but although there was one suite at the Venetian was pretty nice when I slept over one night. The pool was nice also pretty chill and good service and bartenders too..The only beef I have is that there was no bathrobes in the suite this time. I guess they remember me from last year and how I was walking around the casino drunk in my bathrobe (with clothes on underneath) hitting up the tables and stuff not caring what people said and crap. But yes I would recommend you stay here. Good service, cool people and good food also. And every room is a suite how can you not like the #SuiteLife
5	By far, THE BEST hotel I have stayed at in Vegas (and I've stayed at: The Palms, Aria, Venetian, Trump, MGM, Elara, PH). I really enjoyed staying at this place because the stores that I tend to visit and shop at are all near/in the hotel. Not only that, The Palazzo Hotel only consist of all suits!! That to me is the best perk ever! The regular room that I booked was a suit that had a sunken living room, flat screen in the living room, bathroom, and bedroom. HUGE bathroom (separate tub/shower/toilet). -Room service= great-Housekeeping = good-Service = FastThe bar/restaurants are classy and affordable. I definitely would recommend this place! 100%! ENJOY!
5	Hotel was awesome.The room has 3 tvs and 3 beds.The rooms were very big about 700 Sq Ft average deluxe room.Venetian/Palazzo have been the nicest hotels I have stayed in.Great service,housekeeping,and rooms.Average rooms are over 210$ a night and that is very pricey for me,but other than that,this is the best hotel I have stayed in.
4	I stayed here for my boss' bachelor's party. VIP services was very accommodating in adding my name to all the suites my boss reserved and also granted 5 keycards for one suite. I only asked for 5, so probably can get more.I really enjoyed the rain-shower and the 3 jet-spray heads. Never been so clean in my life.The Palazzo has a more laid back vibe in comparison to the other hotels on the strip. Cosmopolitan has a better, preppier crowd. Aria has a younger crowd.
5	What can I say?To be honest, I've only stayed at two places in Vegas and that's the Palazzo and the MGM Signature. Although, both are amazing and very spacious in its on way, I LOVE PALAZZO.Let's be honest, I know  a lot of you are like "The Cosmopolitan is sooooo pretty but sooo expensive!!!" So why the heck would you want to stay there?!? You are out half the time and you are paying a zillion dollars to stay at the Cosmo when you can be staying at The Palazzo which has the most amazing suites, which are extremely spacious, and the services are impeccable for pretty much $100 dollars less than the Cosmo. Not only is it a beautiful hotel, they have amazing restaurants! Sushi Samba, First food and Bar to name a few. So c'mon people, take your money to a place where it will be WORTH it. I mean after all, Vegas is NOT cheap! =)
5	Wow! That is really the best way to describe this hotel.  The rooms were unbelievable. They were so freaking big considering that they were just the standard room.  Definitely closer to the size of a suite. Even the bathrooms were unbelievable.The conference rooms were also so freaking gorgeous.  All ginormous too. Very classy.Really just had a fantastic experience - I highly recommend.
5	My favorite hotel on the strip based on room size, location, easy layout, and dining options.Keep in mind that ALL rooms are suites. You can sleep 6 in any room easily.Ton of things to do here, and their club Lavo is great. Between this place and the fact that it is connected to Venetian, I never have to leave this place.All they need is a Fat Tuesday here and I would give 6 stars!
5	I really love the Palazzo!I came here for a bachelorette party and had to share a room with 5 other girls. Trust me, initially I balked at the idea, but in the end we were pretty comfortable. There were 2 queen beds, plus an L shaped sofa that pulls out to a twin bed, so we all had a place to sleep. Do I recommend sharing a room with 6 people? No, never again, but I survived. Other than that rooms are very large and well appointed.Service was also really great. We asked for extra towels pretty late at night and instead of just knocking on the door, we got a call saying that housekeeping was at the door! I thought that was very thoughtful of them, although the ringing phone scared me more than a knock would have. I also like that there is security at the elevators so in theory random people should not be milling about the hotel area.As for the gaming area, it was alright. I did decent on slots which is shocking, but lost some money playing roulette. Most tables had a $15 minimum, but not sure if it's lower on the weekdays. Palazzo has easy access to the Venetian and Wynn so it is very conveniently located to a bunch of restaurants, clubs and (high end) shopping. I didn't get the check out the pool area, but next time!Definitely worth checking out for a great Vegas experience!
5	My hubby and I stayed here for a romantic getaway and it was really nice. I like the rooms here better than the Venetian hotel rooms even though they are almost identical. We came here during the carnavel (brazil carnival festival) and we recieved free VIP passes to TAO beach and nightclub for free.
5	Out of the hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, The Venetian was always the best and now at The Palazzo, I am equally happy. It's the little things:  a multi-function color printer fax machine in every room, flawless wireless that doesn't lag, speedy elevators, redesigned safes, electric drapery and shades, spotless bathroom, plenty of hot water with a strong shower-steam, an unrestrictive TV cable interface, comfortable bedding with ample pillows and as every room is a suite, they are very comfortable for 2.  Of course, there are the things you expect: overpriced items in the room on sensor pads and in the refrigerator (no room to chill any of your own items), slimming mirrors (my how thin and healthy one looks here in Vegas) and just a few other small things that crack me up. Have kids?  This is not the hotel for you.  There are adult pools and they are not allowed in the gym.  Besides, isn't it time to keep your kids at home when visiting Vegas?  Don't worry, they'll live and it will give you a chance to see what your marriage is made of:-)
5	As always (and despite my political leanings), I am a fan of the Palazzo.  It is an absolutely beautiful property with lots of natural light and a great ventilation system, so you don't feel as though you're breathing through an ash tray.I have also, and continue to be, impressed by the friendly and professional customer service.  I was checked in quickly, given a high floor with a partial Strip view as well as a coupon book and offers for the various restaurants and shops.And the rooms!! Gorgeous suites with comfortable beds, a huge sectional sofa, two flat screen tvs, remote controlled blinds, huge bathroom with marble everywhere, a soaking tub, separate water closet and wonderful shower.  Everything was spic and span and even smelled freshly cleaned when we walked into the room.I may not like the politics of the Palazzo, but darnit, they sure do know how to design and run a hotel! Bravo!
4	The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel! It's connected with The Venetian and they offer great amenities. The pool here is very nice and large and is connected to the Venetian pool as well. The casino is pretty large and they offer all of the card games and slot machines. I stayed in the Bella Suite which was very spacious. The bathroom was also quite spacious and had a two sink vanity, make-up area for her, a jacuzzi tub and a separate shower. The room also has two double beds and a sectional couch that can turn into a pull-out bed. There's also two TV's, because only having one is just a waste... **When looking at the mini bar/snack selection is the room, DO NOT TOUCH IT! I heard that it has weight censors, so if you move it then they will charge you for "eating" or "drinking" the item. The only downside to the Palazzo is that they do not have a food court so if you want some quick food, you have to walk to The Venetian. Overall I thought it was a great hotel and the price wasn't too bad either. 2 nights: Friday-Sunday=$550 including hotel taxes and fees.
5	I've stayed here a few times and it's definitely in my top 5 Vegas hotels.  I love that this in an all suite hotel and the staff is always very accommodating.  My last stay happened to be on a very busy weekend and they managed to get my party conjoined rooms.  Although, the amenities are different depending on the floor you stay on.  One room had a multi-head shower on a lower floor, and the higher floor had a one head shower with no pressure.  Considering the rooms were priced the same, I was surprised the shower was completely different.Other than that I'm always happy to stay at the Palazzo!P.S. They have free wifi for all you computer geeks!
1	Its a 5 star hotel so I expect 5 star service and got zip in return. Rooms are not ready until 3-5 PM, even if you request early check in time. We arrived at 2:30PM, checked our bags at the valet with the bellhop. He eyed the costco containers of alcohol and snacks we had and stated that if the glass bottle breaks, they wouldnt refund it. They were packed in an open top box. When we finally checked in and got to our rooms and requested our bags, they called in 15 minutes asking if we already had our stuff bc they can't find it. Then 15 minutes later they bring our stuff and they lost 4/5 dresses on hangers AND brought up the empty box! no alcohol or snacks. After complaining to a manager named Michael who gave me some bullshit about unpacking stuff for a conveyor belt system and how they have topnotch security so no one would steal our stuff, the dresses were found and some alcohol was found. Some were still missing and all the snacks were gone. Leonard was the manager of guest services and he was diligent in trying to take care of the situation but Michael was of no help. Leonard offered us $100 food credit for the missing items but no note of it was made. When I complained at the front desk, and wanted our room comped for the night for our troubles, the manager refused. We had to cancel dinner reservations, we were late for our show and it ruined our weekend. I feel violated that people went through our shit and stole alcohol which is free in Vegas!!! Most of the people we spoke to on the phone were rude and curt and not accomodating. Requesting extra towels or blankets took 30-45 minutes.  To put someone through a horrible experience, and not even offer an apology is awful. I would never stay there again and I feel pissed to have to pay for that experience.
4	Gorgeous, spacious all-suite rooms. Got an upgrade to a "strip view" with a $20 tip which is really not worth it as you are only facing treasure island and can't see the rest of the strip. The mountain view may have been better. Huge hotel. We just missed the filming of america's got talent. Delicious cupcake shop in the hotel! The waitresses in the casinos gave us strong, delicious complimentary drinks while we played the slots.
5	I stayed here in July for my 21st birthday and it was such a great experience. We had originally booked the Luxury King Size Suite Jetsetter.com. We got a really good deal. Between 4 people, 3 days and 2 nights... we each payed about $120 so it was not bad at all. This is including resort fees. Arrived on Friday and left Sunday. When we got to check-in the line was not long at all. My cousin and I were very lucky. We got a cute young male attendant and we pretty much flirted our way to a free upgrade to a Bella Suite and a beautiful strip view. But I felt bad that we were taking advantage of him so I tipped him a $20. Justin was very very nice! Overall, I absolutely loved our stay at the Palazzo. Between 4 girls, we had more than enough room. 2 huge plush queen size beds, a huge bathroom with plenty of mirrors, a nice little sunken living room with a pull out sofa, which we didn't attempt to put together because we were to drunk by the time we got back from the club to figure it out lol The Venetian has the same layout but the Palazzo suites look much cleaner. I loved that it was right across the street to the hottest clubs, XS and Surrender and Encore Beach Club and Tao is downstairs pretty much. The only thing I don't like is that it's far away from the center of the strip. So it's far away from Marquee but that's pretty much it. $15 cab ride there. It's convenient if you want to walk the whole strip though... you walk one side of the strip down to Earl of Sandwich for lunch and a Fat Tuesday and then go to Marquee Day Club and walk the strip back to the hotel so it's really not that bad. Though it's not at the center, there's plenty of things on this side of the strip such as the mall and the Walgreens that's conveniently located downstairs.We got late check out for free. But when we checked out, it looked like Jetsetter had charged us for upgrading the room and drinks we supposedly drank from the mini fridge but because we saw Justin again, We made sure we went to him so he could get it fixed for us. We weren't charged any extra fees. The customer service here is awesome! I would definitely stay here again!
3	We got a great deal for the suite, so overall it was a pleasant enough experience. It's a nice hotel, but don't buy into their sell of it being a "5 star resort".  Not sure when/if vegas hotels stopped having coffee machines in the rooms, but c'mon guys...no coffee machines but 3 tvs AND a digital bathroom scale?  The maid service took so long to get to our rooms to clean them the second day that when they finally arrived at around 10pm (after coming into the room at 4pm to say they were coming back at 5 to clean, then having us call them at 6 to arrange for them to come at 7:30) we didn't bother asking them to make the beds.The bathroom amenities were okay - I liked the sewing kit and nail file, but the quality of the bath soaps, shampoos, etc was not that great.  Also the bathtub upon inspection appeared to have little black hairs (like really little (ie from shaving) nothing overly disgusting) along the edges...making me wonder if it was really cleaned thoroughly.
4	SO. Stayed at the Palazzo to celebrate me and about 5 other gals birthdays! I was pretty excited. Place was nice. Parking was idk, I didn't like it. Felt like the mall. And it was HOT as hell in there! Like, more hot than outside. Our room was really nice. Got a suite, 2 queen sized beds, and a conjoining room with our friends. :] Total 8 in our combined rooms. They have a remote control to open up the blinds. It was pretty amazing haha. BUT..OUR ROOM WAS HAUNTED. SWEAR.First, friend was showering and she asked if I came in (the doors don't lock..nor the bathroom) and I said no, why? And she said she saw a person with a lot of hair walk by. D: WTFF. Then, all the girls were in one room and all of a sudden, we hear something fall in the bathroom. We run in, and my make up palette is scattered all over the floor. I put it on the table where it wasn't hanging off..so there was no way it could just fall. It was really weird.I cleaned it up and closed the palette..when we came back, my palette was open again. :/ so weird. So we were scared for like the majority of the time haha. I honestly don't like the smell of the place though. It doesn't smell like a fresh hotel smell. Kind of like baby powder mixed with some flowery smell. It does take a while for service. Asked for some extra towels, took them about a good 20 minutes or so to bring em up. Generally a good experience.
4	Stayed here Memorial Day weekend, 2012.I'll keep this short.  It's one of the pricier hotels, but it's a beautiful hotel and the rooms are good for groups.  Like Venetian, they all (I think) have a living area with a pull-out couch bed.  You could comfortably fit 6 people in these rooms.As with my other Vegas stays, I base my hotel choice on where I'll be clubbing (along with budget).  We were gonna party at Surrender, so Wynn or Encore woulda been ideal.  But if you try to book on the busiest weekend of the year (yes, that would be Memorial Day for Vegas), rooms will reach $600 for Wynn and $1000 for Encore online.  Palazzo is a bit of a walk to XS or Surrender, but its do-able.  If you wanted to party at Tao Beach or Lavo, then look no further!I'm a fan, and I'll be back.
4	Was out here in late July!!!  Check in was seamless...service impeccable.And while we kind of trashed the room, the service to get the room all cleaned up was awesome.  No complaining and they did a great job of putting things back in their place.Always love to come here...and since it was comp'd...geez...easy call!!!
4	Other reviewers have covered the basics of this property.  This review is for the girls who want to know how much of their bathroom they need to bring with them to the Palazzo.  The rooms are pretty well stocked.  They come with the following:  2 robes, a Conair 1875 dryer, 3 bath towels (king room), 2 or 3 hand towels, 3 washcloths, shampoo, conditioner, bar soap, body wash, digital scale, shower cap, sewing kit, cotton pads, hair tie, iron, ironing board.  The lobby shop has bath bombs and other bath products if you want to soak Vegas out of your skin.  They also have basic hair products that are extremely overpriced, even by Vegas standards.  Unless you're in a bind, I'd go to Walgreens (on property) or Sephora (over at Venetian) for that.  I've reviewed the Canyon Ranch Spa Club separately.
5	As a person that lives in So Cal I consider myself a semi-local for las vegas.  That being said The Palazzo is my favorite place the say.  The rooms are large...huge.  It's quiet, not a huge crowd like some of the other places.  Make no mistake this place is a resort, you have no reason to leave the grounds.  The food is awesome, the service is great.  The Palazzo is for people that want a fun time but without the huge drunk vegas crowds.  The casino floor is never full.  Now if you want the crowd and noise I suggest another casino, maybe The Venetian.  I used to love the vegas noise and drunks and now I just want to hang out at the blackjack table have  a few drinks and walk around.   Palazzo is great for me.
4	Until I have a really bad experience at any of the hotels on the strip in Vegas, there's not much to differentiate them all. Sure, some of them are older, and some are newer, but as long as I think I got my money's worth and the service is okay, I'm satisfied. I suppose one part that could have been improved upon was the speed at which our second room was readied. We requested two adjoining rooms, and were given access to one at the proper time, but the second wasn't ready for a couple hours. Not a big deal, since we weren't going to spend time in the rooms much right away anyway. In addition, it's something we requested at check-in, so I'm sure it was simply because of availability.
4	A lot of good reviews already so here's my short take based on 5 stays here.Good value for the money, all rooms are suites with either king or 2 queen beds.  If you have kids or disability, they have quite a few ADA-compliant ones where the living room isn't sunken and the shower is a bit bigger.Upon checkin or reservation, ask for a high floor and near the elevator, this is a gigantic property and if you get a room at the end of the hall way, it's a trek.  No bad views if you can get above the 15th floor.Great food on the property and at the adjoining Venetian, I recommend Bouchon for a moderately priced breakfast or Brunch, Otto for a nice Italian lunch, and Carnevino for a good steak.  The theme of the Palazzo is European and a little less in-your-face Italian as at the Venetian.Great place for special events (bachelor/ette parties, birthdays, etc) and it has a wow-factor for your friends or dates who haven't been there, they have some dramatic 2-story fountains at the check in and entrance from Venetian shops and the basic bella rooms have 2 big LCDs and a little one in the bathroom as well as the remote-controlled curtains.  The smell of the casino is really the trademark (details: http://sandsconfidential.com/2011/07/20/1538/).Gaming is decent:On slow days/nights, they have $10 craps and $25 two-deck blackjack that pays 3:2.  Sportsbook is pretty good, it's run by Cantor gaming, so they should let you make some big moves and get pretty decent lines.  Legasse's Stadium is OK, I'll let you read those reviews on that yelp page.If you are going to do any nominal amount of gambling, sign up for Grazie, they are pretty generous in their offers to return to Vegas and feel free to ask if they'll take anything off of your bill upon check out (call casino marketing on morning of checkout).  They have a pretty easy process for opening a line of credit which starts at $2,500 if you want to avoid big cash transactions or just want to look cool, there's an online application.Service here is outstanding and the rank and file staff make a conscious effort to impress the customer.  If you need extra towels, just grab them from the maid carts or if you see them, ask.  Having them brought up can take a little while and you're kind of obligated to tip.  They usually only have 2-4 towels in the bathroom so if you're budget a$$ is rolling 6-deep, don't make a stink about it.Pool is on the spa floor, usually with plenty of chairs.  Cabanas range from ~$300-$500 based on the time of year.  Pool waitresses are pretty attentive and the pool-side drinks are rather reasonably priced.Haven't done the Canyon Ranch Spa, but the GF has, she's a big fan, but mentioned the prices are a bit steep.Resort fee is new in the past year or so (also the reason I'm deducting a star).  $20 gets you gym and internet access, some discounts, and a free paper or something, it's worthless and I wish they'd do away with this.Checkout is 11:00am at the counter, or on the TV, super easy. Late checkout can be requested, but it seems unavailable if leaving on a weekend.
2	Where do I start?  This was just a horrible experience.  We were there last October for the Timberlake concert and paid so much for the room.    Not surprising when there are concerts so we knew it would be expensive.  The room was HUGE!  We asked for a king but got two queens.  We don't tend to be particularly picky so we said it was fine.  The bathroom was huge too and the view was nice.   The reasons I gave it two stars was because of the service. We tend to leave our room so that housekeeping comes and takes care of the mess.  I'm normally not messy because I'm kind of a clean freak so is not like we had trash lying around or anything. We left for four hours.  We figured that should be enough time to get our room cleaned.  We called to get our room clean on top of that because we slept in.  Hey at almost $300  a night.... I figured I can get room service whenever I want.   When we got back  about an hour an a half before our concert our keys didn't  work...  BOTH OF THEM! It took them about 40 minutes for them to get our door opened.  I wasn't happy because I had to rush to get ready.  i rushed so much I broke my FULL CHANEL bottle on the floor by accident.  On top of that... they didn't even clean our room.  I was very disappointed.   They didn't charge us the resort fee for the inconvenience but we didn't even use the pool or gym so it didn't matter to us.  They kept our deposit money for about a week which my husband was not happy about at all! Never again will I stay at the Palazzo.  I rather stay at the Trump nearby.
1	Wow yelp reviewers, literally the worst hotel I've ever stayed at on the Strip.  The service was horrific.  I should have know by the ridiculous hold times when I called prior to my arrival that the service of the hotel was not up to par.  This hotel is nothing like the Venetian.  Don't be fooled.  I was going to the Palazzo for business but my family would arrive later in the week for fun.  The multi billion-dollar company I work for was holding a manager's conference in the hotel.   I called a month in advance to confirm my reservation and make sure we had a crib and a refrigerator in the room.  I was on hold with reservations for at least 15 minutes before I spoke to anyone.   I was assured it wouldn't be a problem by the reservations department.  I worked in the travel industry for many years so I know requests cannot be guaranteed but I figured this was a pretty standard request.  At check in, we were giving a "suite" on the 8th floor 922, corner room with a view of the back of another building, horrible eyesore. It's old and dated.  Bathroom fixtures were old.  Pieces of the mirror had fallen off.  The desk in the living room was worn, missing paint.  The bed comforter was thin, white sheets covering a thin blanket.  The crib and refrigerator had not been put in the room.  We called down to the front desk and after being on hold for 5 minutes were told it would be a 15-minute wait.  OK.  We ended up paying close to $200 dollars to have an old loud refrigerator plugged up in our living area.  After 15 minutes the crib was brought up.  It was more like a bassinet.  My son fit in the crib... sleeping diagonally.  We asked for a larger crib and were told they had nothing larger.  I've stayed at the MGM and they have full size cribs.  We spoke to the Manager- Matt or Mike and asked to move to a different room due to the view.  We were told it could be done the following day.  We just checked in, what's the problem? We were told we would have to pay a $45 per day upgrade but the Manager would wave it tomorrow.  We weren't asking for a high floor, we just didn't want a room with a wall view.     Next day we called after 12:00 to move rooms therefore we didn't get the room serviced.  When we called down the front desk, they had no record of us asking to move or us speaking to the manager.  Again, we were told if we wanted to move we had to pay extra.  We told them we weren't going to be doing that so forget the move, $45 bucks an night extra to NOT have a view of wall.  I was shocked that this hotel wouldn't do a thing to make its customers happy.  Our reservation was for 6 nights apparently they needed the money. Within 5 minutes someone was at our door asking if we needed help moving.  No, we weren't moving.  5 minutes later housekeeping was there to clean the room under the assumption we had moved and they woke my sleeping child.   I told housekeeping "no we weren't moving".  5 minutes later front desk called to the room, wondering when we would move.  I explained we weren't going to move if we had to pay extra, and again they woke my sleeping child.  Do any of these people communicate with each other?   At 4pm I spoke to housekeeping to have the room serviced, they made the bed while we were out.  When we came back I called housekeeping again to have them vacuum the room since it was clearly not done.  Waited an hour.  No one came.  I called to cancel so they wouldn't wake my child who asleep for the night.  If you would like the paper that is included with the resort fee, you have to go to the lobby and get it.  No one told us that. Palazzo gym was old and run down.  The only positive of the whole stay was Wolfgang Puck's Cut.  Wonderful meal.  When we approached management with our complaints they told us to "write a letter. "They refused to do anything during our stay.   The restaurants on the premise are extremely expensive after paying extra for your view and/or a refrigerator and resort fee, the cheap rate you get on a suite is simply not worth it.  I would rather not be nickel and dimed and just pay more at the time of booking.       If you have never stayed in a suite while in Las Vegas then by all means stay here.  If you don't value service, then this is your place.  If you are impressed with merely a large room, then you will love it here.  I've stayed in suites all over the Strip and the Palazzo didn't live up to expectations.
4	1. Wi Fi is included in the resort fee2. Clean, awesome art-decor rooms3. The Bella Suite is wonderful for like 4-7 people (has an L shaped pull out couch that fits 3 total, and 2 queen sized beds)4. NO hot water machine though, weird?  What about my late night ramen cravings...? Hot water ordered by room service costs $2.50...5. Ice bucket is too small, but use trash cans to chill.. beverages. Warning: trash cans leak.6. Prompt customer service.
4	I've become a pretty big fan of Palazzo in the last 6 months.  For starters, Venetian moved their poker tournaments to the Palazzo this summer, so I spent many days in the casino.  I thought it was a big improvement, mostly because of parking.Going to a casino on the strip can be frustrating as a local because we have to sit in traffic on LVB.  Not so with Palazzo, which has an underground parking structure off of Spring Mountain, just east of the strip.  Even better, there's always TONS of parking, and I've never had a problem finding a GOOD spot.  Unlike Caesars, which has a huge lot but is impossible to navigate.One star less because of Palazzo's new policy of having their security actually STOP your car to talk to you.  Bellagio used to do this and it was so infuriating, and they finally stopped doing it.  I hope this is a phase that Palazzo ends soon, because it gets me annoyed.  I'm a local, I know where I'm going, and I don't want to wait for the 3 cars in front of me to have to stop either.  Even worse, all of the security seem to have an attitude problem because they don't like the new policy either.Ranting over with, I've actually rarely gambled at this casino.  Only video poker to get comped drinks.  Oh shit, maybe I need to subtract another point... I've been here before and gambled and got comped a Duvel, and the other night I went back to duplicate this good time and was denied.  And the bar staff told me NOBODY comped me a Duvel.  Uhh, yes they did, and now I will go to a different bar to tip my hard earned money.Palazzo also has two of my favorite Vegas restaurants... Cut and Sushisamba.  Finally tried Cut and it did not disappoint, especially with the service.  And if you want a very unique meal, go to Sushisamba and ask for the omakase menu!
4	Beautiful decor, awesome pools and restaurants.  Minor complaints about some lack of amenities in the suite.  No coffee maker?  No mini fridge for my own beverages?  Overall, would love to stay there again.
4	Great great great! Other than the pool Nazi's aka lifeguards making the pool a no fun zone for the kids, everything was amazing!
5	I have stayed at quite possibly every hotel there is in vegas (worth mentioning). And it was just at my last stay that my husband and I had a realization. This is the best steal and the best hotel to be at. For several reasons, the first of which the rooms are amazing, they are all suites and are lavishly decorated, even the bathroom has a flat screen tv. There's a separate eating and entertaining area like if you wanna get your drink on before heading out with your peeps. Second, the location is totally central. Third, the food in the place (restaurants, coffee, shops etc) is all great. I had this amazing coffee drink from the Illy and I was depressed that I never got it after that, it has a strong coffee brew at the bottom and is topped off which cream on the top, not whipped cream but like a thick yet cold and un mousey topping, along with an amaretto (non alcoholic boooooo) flavoring. I would kill for one of those right now.Oh yeah back to the Palazzo, it really is everything you could possibly ask for, because you get all this for like $200 something a night. Where in the world could you possibly get an amazing room, be central, with great restaurant, shops, coffee, casino area and pay only $200 nowadays in Vegas?????
4	This was my second time at the Palazzo and I have to say it is a great hotel in a great location. Modern, lavish, and a great value for the money. Their rooms are perfect for some extra party crashers as they have a huge sunken living room with a nice L-shaped sofa area. It is great for pre-partying or just to lounge.As we were hotel guests, they gave us guest list into Lavo and wristbands for free mixed drinks! Fabulous way to start out the evening. Who doesn't love free drinks!?! Another perk of the hotel is being so close to Bouchon for a meal or just to go the bakery for some sweets.A couple things I was disappointed by though included the fact that we booked the bella suite and they ran out so we only had one king bed instead of two queens and they also only gave us two bath towels so we had to call for more...which of course took forever.All in all though, it is a fabulous hotel.
5	It was nice as hell (exquisite). Clean. Cozy. LCD TV in every room. The bed was super comfy, soft, and fit for a king. I would definitely stay here again...and again. My wife and daughter love it here. There was more than enough room for my daughter to play, she had her own TV with blue ray player to watch her shows. The bathroom was clean and awesome.
5	We were lucky to have had such an awesome person at the check-in counter when we stayed there. We had a lengthy conversation regarding all the Cirque du Soleil productions, gossiped a little about Steve Wynn and the corporate break-up that led to the birth of Le Reve, and traded tips on the fabulous celebrity chef restaurants. He assured me that dinner at Joel Robuchon would be "the best meal of my life" (as it was his and many others before him) and gave me a list of a few unknown casual off-Strip eateries commonly frequented by visiting celebrity chefs, sommeliers (Robert Parker), and Cirque du Soleil performers. (I assure you, losing that list was not fun.)By the end of the conversation, he had upgraded us to the Palazzo Bella, with a view of the Strip. I realize it's not "the best room in the resort," but it was beautiful just the same, and wonderful coming back to such a clean, spacious, and comfortable room every night after all that walking around the Strip followed by dinners and shows.. The bathtub was big enough for two to relax in, and the sitting area allowed us to sit and chat over bubbly whenever we wanted.. We had 2 LCDs in the actual bedroom, and another one in the bathroom. All requests were quickly addressed, and the housekeeping staff do an incredible job keeping the place virtually spotless.The location is ideal, being next to the Wynn and across(ish) the Treasure Island and Mirage.The property itself is, as any of us familiar with Vegas know, beautiful.I had an incredible time.
2	Palazzo is a great location, but is starting to fall apart.  We got a Bella Suite (there was a large strand of female hair on the toilet).  Beware, don't buy rooms at this hotel on any website such as expedia or priceline.  You don't get the room you were promised, Palazzo hates them and will charge you a $24.00 a day resort fee (even if you don't use their stuff).  Venetian and Palazzo used to be the best, but not anymore.  Seems like they are penny pinching.  And you don't get any freebees (newspaper, coffee, buffet, etc.)
3	So in my last review, which was amazingly only 10 days, I raved about how great Palazzo is.  But tonight I really turned a corner.  I can deal with the annoying security stops in the parking lot.  But two bar incidents have me needing to downgrade this place to 3 stars.The first happened last week.  Earlier in the summer, I went into Palazzo and was thrilled to discover they comp Duvels at one of their casino bars.  Duvels are expensive, and delicious, so I tipped generously for this "free"drink while gambling.  So I came back last week, and not only did the bartender not comp me a Duvel, he told me "no bartender can comp Duvel."  Umm, yes, they can, because they did.  "No they didn't."  OK, I cashed out and went to another bar, and chalked it up to one dude having a bad day.So after tonight's Yelp event, I brought some out of town friends to one of Palazzo's bars.  I explained how getting free drinks while gambling works... how you have to put $20 in and bet $1.25 each hand.  He got it.  So I was gambling and got a Macallan 12, and he got whatever he was drinking.  Bartender change, and now I can't get Macallan anymore, and my friend had to put in another $20 because "you can't get free drinks all night on $20."  What?  I've lived in Las Vegas 7 years, and the only time I've gotten guff was from a disgruntled bartender or from the Wynn/Encore.Listen, if you're worried about your boss coming down on you, that's one thing.  But you're arbitrarily making up rules just to be a dick here.  Yes, there are cameras on all gaming areas, but no boss is yelling at you tomorrow because you comped a drink with $12 balance.  I tried to explain how if I was winning money at video poker that I would last a long time on $20, but the guy just didn't get it.Long story short, we both felt unwelcome, so we cashed out and brought our gaming and tipping elsewhere.  I'm really surprised that Palazzo is encouraging their bartenders to make their patrons feel this way, and I hope it stops IMMEDIATELY.
3	The Palazzo's parking lot is damn near the reason i hate going to the strip. After suppressing the urge to run over j-walking tourists i'm stopped at the entrance of the underground parking lot to be asked if i'm going to self park or valet park. Self parking is straight i'm told. Few seconds later i notice signs with arrows pointing out where self parking is and valet parking is...Wow way to create jobs there Palazzo.A seriously confusing parking lot. Pretty sure i drove around the same section three times before i started to ignore the signs promising additional parking. Ahh that's why they have guys standing outside in clothes they gotta be oppressively hot in telling people where to go.Eventually found parking in a secluded part of the back. If it weren't for the lighting i'm sure a number of shady deals could take place but it was well lit. Didn't see much of the Palazzo other than the parking lot and Lavo. If i do ever decide to come back for damn sure i'm not driving or parking here.
2	Turd. Bad staff from the top down. Restaurants way below average.( Even compared to Memphis TN)  It was my first time in Vegas but I would not stay here again.  Please tell me there are much better places in Vegas. Supposed 5 star that is lucky to be a 2 star.
4	We had been to the Palazzo (at first not impressed then it truly grew on me) and had a fab stay once before and had wanted to get back. The boyfriend suggested that we stay in one of the Palazzo suites that has access to a "private" outdoor balcony, or so...that was the way it looked 20 floors up from our room the last time we stayed.  We called the Palazzo and asked about that room specifically.  It was a Monday night and a slow time and so the price we were quoted was amazing.  We obviously took it and were super excited to check in.  This is after we had cancelled our prearranged plans to stay a second night at the also amazing Aria hotel (whole other review).  We show up to check in to the Palazzo and the man checking us in looked surprised at his computer and quiet for a moment.  My boyfriend asked "did we get a good price?" he responded "did you book this online?"  we said "no, we spoke to a women on the phone through reservations." He then said he'd be right back and went to see his manager.  He came back saying that they were going to need to charge us $50 more a night for the room because it was a mistake.  My boyfriend argued politely that it didn't seem right that we were told the room was one price on the phone and we haven't even seen it and they're trying to tell us its worth more just because they say?!  The guy went away again, came back again, said we were right and that they would honor the price we were quoted which was cool of them.  We got to the room and I understand why they wanted to keep it on lockdown!  It's so amazing.  Imagine a super awesome upper westside New York apartment with a patio.  The Palazzo suites feature several ( I believe 7 or so) different floor plans.  This is the only one with outside access. The bedroom flows into living space with super comfortable "L" shaped couch that is so easy to just slouch into all night.  Two double frosted doors open out onto an outdoor area that includes a fireplace and some comfortable outdoor furniture.  These rooms are on the 3rd floor so the view is strange but cool all you can see are the tall towers of venetian and palazzo.  The walls on this patio that separate rooms and balconies are a little weird and a little cool.  Half of it is a 10' stucco wall but its interspersed with some iron wrought gate work that is quite pretty but not as private as you'd expect or want.  Although if you have this room in the middle of the summer in the middle of the night I can assure you you'll be the only one outside with the fireplace on.  Unless I'm there.  The other note about these balconies is I feel like they could really use an infusion of new stuff and ideas.  it seems drab and bare and a little prison like.  At night the lighting of the outdoor topiary is nice but they could go further to make it a little more luxurious outside.  Maybe I'm the only one who's outside in summer in Las Vegas? Needless to Say, despite the initial troubles checking in this place is amazing.  Lovely room and, lovely hotel.  We didn't get to try the pool I'm sad to say but we will be returning shortly I'm certain.
4	Love this place.  Rooms are fantastic. Great beds, really good selection of restaurants.  Good shopping and large casino if you're a gambler.  Best hotel I've stayed at so far in Las Vegas.
2	First off in defense of the hotel I stayed here between 2006-2010  at least 15 times and always had amazing experiences. The 1,000 point Grazie (players club)room offer was amazing... As a local it was nice not having to drive back to Henderson after a night out at  Tao and Xs. The grazie offer ended in 2010 and this review covers my first visit  as a paying guest in 08/2012. The challenges revolved around the cleanliness of the suite, electrical noises, rattling air conditioners and people entering my suite at 1AM.The check in was a breeze, the front desk couldn't have been nicer and went to my strip view regular 700 sq foot suite at 11AM early check in was a breeze. I went to the Palazzo pool deck which is gorgeous but was covered in a shadow until 12:30 PM  and was full of families and people over 60. We walked thru to the Venetian side and  went to Tao Beach which was bright and sunny. Showed our IDs got chairs and enjoyed the day. I returned to the suite and started to get situated. I looked out the window and noticed dried black phlegm on the window itself. I turned on the air conditioner and it started to rattle very loud and thought to myself...Have  had this problem in any hotel before?  I decided to call downstairs...I re-packed   walked downstairs thru the casino back to the line and waited for new keys. Went to the new suite and it takes 1 second to open the door and hear an electrical sizzling sound. I think to myself have I ever heard a sizzling sound in any hotel  in my entire life. This time I call downstairs and ask to speak to the manager.I was moved to a 2000 sq foot Sienna Suite which was nice. The manager took care of my challenges within 30 seconds and it was a good resolution to my 2 hours of aggravation. The suite consists of 3 rooms and a bathroom. Elliptical room, bedroom and living room. Its large and the 1000 sq foot living room is barely  decorated. The bedroom and bathroom was nice. Nothing amazing I'd brag about compared to Aria, Cosmo or Wynn. I was tired after caring suitcases up and down elevator shafts and medium long hallways thru casinos to front desks and was glad to get to sleep. Now having stayed at Aria the past few stays the door locked automatically and you  press a privacy button and didn't understand why this front door didn't have a lock. So I figured the door sensor locked because it had no chain. (later the security told me I needed to turn the door knob counterclockwise to lock) It was a shocking experience to hear the door open at 1AM in a 2000 sq foot suite and being in the bedroom which is nowhere near  the front door and was pitch black I was pretty shook up. Security came after 10 minutes and they offered to search my suite which I did already 10 minutes earlier.. ..obviously!I was very tired...the next two days were average no issues...very good job by housekeeping ha ha haAt 5am on the day of departure they slipped the bill under the door and was excited to see about $200 in mini bar  charges that were false. I called downstairs and spoke to a female team member at 6AM and told me she didn't want to hear my attitude so I went downstairs...at 6am to clear it up...They took it off the bill without any question.Overall this was a 4/10...very confusing 3 nights and was pissed I paid for this experience. I thought about all the other stays I'd had at Aria, Encore and even Cosmo the past 3 years and  tried to balance positive and negatives but in the end I will never stay at this resort again. While a tourist may have overlooked my issues I certainly did NOT.
5	I love this hotel. It's our preferred choice when coming to Vegas. You can't beat the square footage and price. They offer a 20% discount if you book 60 days in advance. We stayed 2 nights in a Bella Suite. We had 6 ppl with us, which is perfect. 2 on each queen size bed and 2 on the couch. When I checked in, I told the attendant we were celebrating a few birthdays (myself included). He looked at my ID again and wished me a happy belated birthday. When we showed up to our room, he actually upgraded us to a strip view room (25-806), awesome! I didn't even have to ask. That's customer service right there. A view room is an extra $40/night. Sweet!Housekeeping is great. We requested extra towels and bath amenities. They delivered everything really fast. The bellman did take a while to bring our luggage up. It was partially my fault for not telling the guy when we checked in. Again, it's an excellent hotel in general. I would keep coming back.
4	If you ever have no idea where to eat, head to The Palazzo. They have so many different and delicious restaurants under one roof. You may be overwhelmed.Then there's the shopping and the shows! I've never had the pleasure of staying here, but we find ourselves heading to the Palazzo for one reason or another.
4	CASINO ONLY reviewHave not stayed here, but my friend likes the casino here. And, after playing some blackjack and doubling my money here, I can say that I'm a fan, too.It's a bit less chaotic here than, say, the neighboring Venetian. A good vibe without being sleepy. Low-key, fun, and enjoyable. I'd be curious to come back and investigate more. And, hopefully, win again!
2	This hotel has beautiful rooms and some of the staff were very nice. But I stayed here a week and overall the customer service was horrible...that just really killed my stay. Hate it wish I could give it a better rating.
5	PALAZZO!!!!!!! Love it!! The rooms are nice and big! There's a couch and tv area plus two beds!!! My friends and I have stayed there quite a few times and we have loved it every time! There are tons of places to get ready for girls and two huge tvs for the guys to watch ;-)The housekeeping tends to be very punctual, so be sure to put your "Do Not Disturb" sign out of you plan on sleeping in! :-) Go go go!!
5	The Palazzo is one of the best hotels around! We stayed here for about a week, checked in on Sunday and out on Saturday. Enjoyed every minute of it, even though we didn't "make" money. The staff here are the best, from the bellmen to the front desk to the cleaning staff. By no means are we high rollers but you do feel welcomed here.The suite was very nice. Comfortable bed with lots of pillows! Good a/c and strong shower (my pet peeve). Concierge was helpful in making reservations at Carnevino. The only thing I wish this place had was a food court with fast food that's opened late or even 24hrs. Couple nights we were hungry and asked if any place to eat and were told Noodle Asia and the pizza place at the Venetian. McDonald's would've been nice. Another suggestion having more than one coffee place would be nice. Overall this was an AWESOME experience. Can't wait to stay here again!
5	My new favorite hotel to stay at in Vegas.I've been to Vegas all throughout my life and have stayed at many of the big names, but this is currently my favorite. Here why:1.) ACCOMMODATIONS --The rooms are absoutely pefect. Being an all-suite hotel, they are the largest standard rooms in Vegas at 720 sq. ft., with the Venetian coming a close second. Tastefully decorated, perfect lighting, remote controlled blinds, large bathrooms, and 3 large beds. This was probably the main reason why I wanna return here.2.) CHARM -- CityCenter may be nice an all, but I feel like it doesn't have the Vegas charm and character that most other hotels have on the Strip. Palazzo definitely sets itself apart with its Italian design and amazing architecture3.) POOL -- Staying here is great because you have access to all of the 7 pools or so at Palazzo *along* with Ventian's pools and TAO BEACH. Now compared to other party pools in Vegas, Tao Beach kinda sucks.. It's small, crowded, and kinda dirty. But you can easily have a great time here. So just be warned if it's not your scene.4.) NIGHTLIFE -- TAO and LAVO are always a great time. Just make sure you arrive early (like 10) if you don't want to wait in line forever. Hotel guests usuallly get in free with an even ratio of guys to girls, but it was Labor Day weekend so ended up droppin $30 a head, not too shabby. NOTE: Drinks are $$$$ here!5.) CLIENTELE -- Young crowd and high rollers. Good looking people everywhere6.) RESTAURANTS -- My favorite, the Grand Lux Cafe is a more upscale Cheesecake Factory with decent prices for Vegas, large portions, and is open almost 24/7 (well the one in the Venetian is). Also, Trattoria Reggiano is some really great to fill an Italian fix with reasonable prices. Unfortunate there's no buffet here, but if you want that go across to the Wynn for a great experience (or the Mirage's Cravings buffet for a little less dough)7.) SHOPPING -- Well, to be honest I didn't do that much shopping here. But it's nice to walk through here and have the option to shop at nice places if I wanted to.. Grand Canal Shoppes are huge. Personally theres better things in Vegas i'd rather be doing!! But I know a lot of people are into this.8.) LOCATION -- The North Strip has definitely become the hot spot of Vegas. And this is definitely right in the middle of all the action. Wynn, Encore, Caesars, Bellagio, Mirage are all super close.Only complaint was they originally put us in a room that was dirty, which was annoying. The front desk staff seemed a little disorganized but it wasn't really a big deal.Oh and WINNING at Pai Gai Poker here also made me a happy camper :D OVERALL, I really enjoyed my stay here. Maybe it was the great company or the excitement of Labor Day weekend or whatever, but I'm definitely going to return to this resort.
5	awesome hotel, everything first class
5	One of my favorite hotels to stay in Vegas.  Be aware of the resort fees when you book, but you get lots of free stuff with the paid fee.Rooms & Casino & extras all very nice
5	Nothing I can add to what has already been said by other Yelpers. One of the best hotels in Vegas...for now. Since they are constantly building, adding and uprgrading properties on the strip,. The Pallazo is definitely worth the cost compared to other hotels in the area with similar accommodations.
1	Let's not forget the owner gave Newt Gingrich millions! Yeah that's right, Newt Gingrich. And needless to say the Encore is right next store and much much nicer.
1	It smells like cigarettes. If I didn't know better I'd think I was at the Four Queens.
4	Just kicked it here for a bachelor party. We scored two adjoining rooms for the 12 people (I actually stayed off strip half the time).The rooms were large, the bathtub separate (perfect place for "cold drinks") and everywhere I looked there was a tv. Another plus wa that there was a iPhone dock for the alarm clock, meaning I didn't have to pull out my charger. That will probably be strange after the iPhone 5, but they'll figure it out.The only thing that was super weird is that there aren't any locks on the bathroom doors. Also, sometimes it's super hard to find the food court after a night of "partying"
5	My friends and I stayed on a Prestige level in the Bella Suite, and I loved everything about staying here.  It was close to all the sites we wanted to see, and the suite was perfect for 4 girls.  The first night we missed the champagne check in, but they gave it to us to next day free of charge.  All of the staff were nice and helpful.  I would absolutely stay here again!The Prestige level was worth it if you got up for breakfast and are able to go to the cocktail event from 5-8 PM each night.
5	Love, love, love the Palazzo!A couple weekends ago, I visited Las Vegas with my boyfriend and a couple friends. We were supposed to stay at the Trump but after a terrible check-in experience (as in we never got to check-in after waiting three hours), we were moved down the Strip to the Palazzo. Thankfully, the Palazzo quickly erased our irritation and replaced it with a smile and sigh of relief. It took only 15 minutes to complete check-in and arrive at our room. Another 10 minutes and our bags are being delivered at the door. We finally crashed at about 4:30 a.m. When we awoke the next morning, we could finally take in the beauty of our room. Our two queen bed suite was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was especially gorgeous with a separate shower and bathtub, and my boyfriend loved the TV in the bathroom. The sunken living room gave us room to spread out and the remote controlled blinds were a nice touch. The location can't be beat with a nice air-conditioned passage to the neighboring Venetian and it's directly across the street from Treasure Island. We easily walked to Caesar's Palace in less than 10 minutes and made it all the way to Planet Hollywood on foot in less than 20. My only minor complaint is the lack of free wi-fi. Seriously, $15 a day!?! I think with how much the rooms are there, they could comp the wi-fi. Thankfully, I was able to take my laptop down to the coffee shop on the second floor and hook up to the wi-fi for free. I will definitely keep the Palazzo on my list of favorite Vegas hotels!
5	I stayed here for a  couple weeks ago for a weekend adventure and had a great time.  The rooms was huge with automatic window shades that were remote control.  The bathrooms were very nice with a separate toilet room which is always a plus.  The beds were awesome and very comfortable.  I have stayed in over 8 major hotels on the strip and so far this has been the quietest and nicest place .  If you are looking to be partying in the heart of the strip but want some peace and quiet when you are ready to crash  then this is place.
5	Recommended to those that will in fact be lounging in their hotel rooms -- lucid and awake...to take in the thoughtful details.You can even watch TV and talk on the phone while you poop (for that very reason we did not touch the toilet closet phone the entire visit). For those bringing work along, every suite is outfitted with printers at the desk so you can in fact get work done. You can opt to have Wifi and everything prepped on check-in.Fantastic suites, service and care all around. Would give 10 stars for the staff. The only downside was how many events were actually anchored to the Venetian side of things -- Palazzo staff was left in the dark with a lot of the Carnivale happenings and they said as much.
5	We had done a lot of research prior to our trip to Vegas (having been there a few times before - we wanted somewhere nice to stay, with a low 'douche bag' factor). The Palazzo was our choice! We booked 60 days in advance on their website, and got a good deal.Check-in process was easy - you pull in off the Strip, and the Security Guard gives you a choice: Valet, or Self Park. We just drove down to the garage, and followed the signs. There was another reviewer saying the garage was very hard to navigate. NOT SO! If you've been to any other underground parking, you can figure this one out - LOL. The big painted sign for the elevators that say 'FRONT DESK' give you any clue?? LOLAs requested, we got a high room (34th floor), facing the Wynn Golf Course. What an amazing view! The room itself was a nice reprieve from the 'go go go' of Vegas. Huge 'wow factor' when you walk in. Very classy.All in all - I recommend staying at this property. It's gorgeous. Thank-you Palazzo! We will be back.
5	I'm betting you only see 5 stars above, but if you squint really hard, you may see the actual 10 stars that I have assigned the Palazzo. First, let's talk service. From the moment you arrive, you will feel pampered. There is an expediter at check in, quietly ensuring that the process is smooth and pleasant. When you head to the pool, someone is eager to lay your towels out for you, and someone else is handing you ice water, and a third employee is giving you a sliced orange. When your visit is (alas) over, you'll be pleased to know that check-out is a delightful breeze. Is the bill incorrect? The error is fixed instantly, without even a moment's hesitation.Now, on to the rooms. The bathroom is marble and makes you feel like an Art Deco movie star. The living room area is great for lounging after a long day, featuring a squishy sectional sofa, coffee table and ottoman. When you finally go to bed, after having watched the sunset, you'll sleep deliciously--the bed is comfortable, the pillows are great, and there is no noise whatsoever. None.The next morning, start your day in one of the multiple pools and hot tubs scattered throughout the landscaped garden. Some are in shade and some are in sun, so--whichever you prefer--you'll be happy. The location is slightly more isolated than a mid-Strip hotel, but that's fine. There's plenty to do and good transit access. The Palazzo and the Venetian blend together seamlessly, providing for several hours of entertainment without having to brave the 100 degree heat outside. The Venetian contains a handy-dandy Walgreens, but if you need more, there's a skybridge to the mall across the street and the Deuce stop is right in front of the Palazzo.Also nifty is that, as a hotel guest, you can skip the line, the bouncer and the cover charge at the attached Venetian's Tao club.
4	Palazzo was a nice and fancy schmany hotel!  I've never had a horrible experience with a vegas hotel so I didn't expect any problems here.The Palazzo is connected with the Venetian hotel so if  you've been there, room layout is basically the same.  TAO is in Venetian so if you're interested in that nightclub, this is a good location!  We also went to XS for clubbing one night in Encore and Encore Day beach club the next day and we didn't have to taxi, ONLY A SHORT WALK AWAY!
5	My wifw and I stayed here for four nights for our 30th anniversary. The reason I picked it was that we could have a suite at a reasonable price. I am so glad that we did. The room was beautifully decorated with lots of amenities. We had a great view. The room service food was excellent. The overall experience was outstanding and I highly recommend the Palazzo for a getaway for any occasion.
4	This was my first time staying at a "Fancy-Shamncy" hotel in Vegas.  Usually, I stay at some affordable place like a Travelodge or Econo-Inn this was a big difference to what I am usually used to.  Mainly because the Hotel is just a place to crash out at night since you're not really much in during the day.  This time is was different as I was here with my Girlfriend visiting some of her family.I really liked the room and my only complaint was that It was Saturday night past 9pm and the TVs didn't have BBC....and I wanted to watch Doctor Who.  Yes I know, I'm a Nerd as I'm sure if you are reading this you're probably thinking "why would this guy want to watch TV when you're in Vegas anyway"???  Our view from the room was nice as we were on the 7th floor we got a good glimpse of the Pool as well as neighboring hotels along the strip and some of the landscape around the city with the occasional Tour Helicopter whizzing by every so often.There is lots to do here, in fact there is so much that I never left the Hotel on this Vegas trip from the moment we checked in until we checked out.  Besides all the Casinos in the Palazzo, and the Venetian  next door, there is lot's to eat, drink, and shop.  There is always some thing to do, and you notice that times goes by quickly as you are always doing something (well, except if you are in the Casino and low on $$$ then time seems to just fly by).  The "Nice factor" I would say is good as the facility appears to be constantly kept up and made me feel like should wear a suit out of my own free will and that's telling you something when I'm usually a T-shirt and Jeans guy.
4	Very nice property and super friendly staff right down to the housekeepers. Had a wonderful suite in the higher floors with a gat view of the strip and the surrounding mountains. Love the remote drapes and sheers as ll. the sunken living room area which served us well when we needed it. Food outlets were great and the breakfast was reasonably priced for Vegas. Casino has a lot of things going on and always active as well. The connector to the Venetian. Gand would gather nightly at the bars before heading off into our own directions. Nice stay
1	Customer service must be the worst in las Vegas in the casino. Lots of apologies but no one doing anything to fix the problem the entire slot area malfunctioned waited over an hour to get paid
5	I have stayed in some nice hotels literally around the world - and i have to say this is the nicest, largest room I have every stayed in.  I was so surprised at the roomy-ness and amenities in the "regular" room.  My next trip to LV, I stayed in the Wynn, also very nice, but honestly if the prices were the same, I would chose The Palazzo.
4	Awesome suites with amazing but super expensive restaurants! Only thing is health club gym costs $12 extra.
4	This review is for the hotel stay only. Stayed here for a week. It's a great experience from the beginning to the end. I would love to give them a 5 stars rating, but have to cut out one star, simply for the inconsistent room service. The room service was usually good, but always had to wait until around 4pm to get my room cleaned, except once was around 1:30pm. A couple of times, the room service seemed to rush through. Trash was not taken out, the living room area was left untouched and the lotion bottle was apparently unsealed, I had to get it replaced.
5	I've been going to Vegas pretty much my entire life as a result of my Vegas-loving family. I love Vegas too. I know it like the back of my hand.That being said, this is the BEST place to stay on the strip (if you have a slightly larger budget). I love this hotel. Everything about it. The convenience of it to all the coolest places here, the restaurants at this hotel and it's sister hotel, The Venetian, the security guards that check your cards before you go into your amazing room, YOUR AMAZING ROOM, the wonderful pools, just everything about it. Unfortunately this place has set the standard for every hotel I stay at wherever I go from here on out and I still have yet to find a place that compares to The Palazzo. I've probably stayed here at least 15 times and have yet to have a bad experience with service. Whether you're here for a bachelor party, wedding, or with friends or family, you'll have a really nice stay here. Parking is underground and very convenient, I think it's $20 or $25 for the convenience fee per night. Sign up to be a Grazie member and if you gamble and come frequently enough you'll start getting comp rooms.
4	I love the Palazzo! Rooms are pretty much the same as adjacent its siamese twin the Venetian. I love the sections that connect the two hotels, as they have a waterfall, small garden areas and are themed (which change each season). Great photo ops! The casino is newer and a lot cleaner than many others. They have great ventilation so I'm never bothered by the smoke here. Beds and bedding are fluffy and comfy. Also, the couch is pretty comfy and has a pull out bed if you are ballin' on a budget! There is a flat screen tv in both the bed area, another in the couch area and a third smaller one in the bathroomEasy access to both Palazzo and Venetian pools! You can relax and recover from the night before, or if you didn't get enough last night you can take advantage of one of the day club pool parties, and if you have kids with you (weird, but it happens), they even have more kid friendly areas. The club/Lounge Lavo is inside this hotel, but its ehh..  but Grand Lux Cafe comes to the rescue with the best post club 4am meals!
5	Posh without being stuffy, clean, comfortable. Love the sunken living area. This was my second time staying at The Palazzo and i wont hesitate staying again, though i usually prefer smaller boutique hotels.
5	This is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas. I had booked a standard suite over the phone and upon check in I was offered one of there larger,  1 bedroom 2 bathroom suites, for a few bucks more a day. I accepted the offer and couldn't wait to see my super awesome suite. I can't remember the name of the suite but it was large.It may have been 1800 sq ft. Anyhow, it was a contemporary version of the Venetian. The Venetian is classic Italian / Victorian theme where the Palazzo is a more calm and cool version. It was simply gorgeous. There is so much to do in this hotel. So much shopping. Awesome boutique on the second level that sells dresses for not so bad a price. I can't remember the name but I bought a $1200 for $200. There was an obvious sale going on. The pool area was stunning. Huge pool, there is more than one pool, awesome spa. Great dining options. I passed by the night clubs and looked pretty nice inside but I never went in. Staff is really nice. I love this hotel and cannot wait for another stay with the Palazzo.
2	Sadly Palazzo is starting to look and smell a little old and stale in the guest suites area. Came to Venetian 3-4 years ago and all was shiny, bright, fresh and new. Understandably perhaps the luster is starting to fade a little. Still OK but nothing special any more.Call down to request  a firm pillow. Hour later no pillow, call back down and no record of my call. Eventually get a pillow - same crap as in the room already.Buy the resort upgrade for $19 a day as it includes wireless - then they charge you for both. When you finally talk with a real person (An office person with an attitude) - just an error. Right just do that a couple of hundred times a day - rip off!Corkscrew in room broken, iron from the ark and filthy, panel over aircraft vent has to be held up by leaning a cushion against it.Palazzo again? No way
5	I've stayed at virtually every hotel on the strip and I the Palazzo is my favorite.  Very nice room, very comfortable bed and living area, but the best part is that the casino doesn't have that bad smoke smell that virtually every casino has.  Sure, you can smell smoke, but it's not overpowering like at most casinos.The service was very good and the atmosphere at the hotel was inviting.  I will definitely stay here again!
3	I would have given 4 or 5 stars to the hotel, but I dropped it to three stars because of the shuttle service. They were like, "yeah, no problem, leaves every hour, no reservations needed." it was 40 minutes late, people missed their flights, Palazzo staff did not help/ give updates so people could determine whether to catch a cab. Ridiculous. Plus, waiting 70 minutes in 100 degree heat in the sunshine!
4	Was not impressed by the random $30 charge I recieved on my credit card or how it took us a day to find someone who could actually redeem our "free" $20 gaming credit.The room was super nice, probably the best I have ever been in.  Actually, to be honest this is the only hotel room I have ever paid for.  It's so hard to justify the price, especially when in Vegas since one usually doesn't really sleep.I appreciate that the building is supposedly green, but cannot figure out how.
4	I had a few issues with extra charges showing up on my statement, but for the most part I really liked this hotel. The rooms were awesome and the atmosphere was great. The Azure pool is pretty good too.
3	I went here looking for a drunk friend... it's basically another version of the Venetian (or is it the same thing?)Who knows. The staff wern't that friendly while I was there.
5	First off we got an incredible deal for our stay although it wasn't cheap. Perfect service. All the best restaurants are here and the casino is one of the best. Loved the marble bathroom. Gorgeous waterfall display.
5	I'm not a big Las Vegas person. In fact, the last time was in Vegas was about 3 years ago for about 2 days for a friend's wedding. We stayed at The Luxor (don't stay there). So on this particular occasion, my fiance, my little sister and me drove out to Las Vegas on Friday afternoon to meet up with my sister and brother-in-law who were staying there for a conference. We were only staying for one night then coming back the next day. (They treated me to a Cirque De Soleil show for a belated bday gift). So for the one night we stayed, we wanted to stay in nice comfortable place. Looking around at the different options in Vegas, one can get overwhelmed. We settled on The Palazzo because it offered a SPACIOUS suite with dual queen beds. The sectional couch also pulled out to a sleeper sofa so it comfortably fit all 5 of us. The suite was beautiful and the view overlooked the strip. There is a sunken living room with TV and sectional couch. The bathroom is EXTREMELY spacious with both a shower and bathtub. There is also a separate room for the toilet WITH A TV. The furniture was modern and stylish. The hotel itself is beautiful and conveniently connected to The Venetian. This allowed us to stroll for days without every leaving the hotel.We played a little slot and that was also pretty fun. Inside the Palazzo is the Grand Lux Cafe which is DELICIOUS. I really can't be any more pleased with the beauty and convenience The Palazzo provided. The price is on the expensive side, but you really do get what you pay for. Plus the spacious room allows you to split costs with other people staying in your room.
5	If you rule out the Palazzo because it isn't "mid strip" I beg you to get over it and book a room. This end of the strip is the place to be and you will have all you need without having to walk past the Venetian. Here's why...Check In- Quick! So many of the hotels in Vegas have horrible long check in lines but not here. They were full staffed, friendly and efficient. I acknowledged that we booked the cheapo off strip room but asked if they had any strip views and they were nice enough to upgrade us. He also offered us late checkout and i thought that was very nice.The room: All rooms in this hotel are suites. You will get a full living room with television, sleeping area with television and an extra large bathroom with...you guessed it...a television. We had a strip view and it looked out onto the Treasure Island pirate ship show which was fun. The room was clean with comfy couches and beds. It was perfect.Housekeeping: They do a great job here. We spilled a drink on the comforter (oops) and called for a new one to be brought up. Not only did they bring up a new comforter but she cleaned the entire room again and changed all the sheets. I thought that was a bit above and beyond.Casino: Maybe because this is a newer casino the ventilation is extra good but you won't ever call this casino smoky. It's clean with great lounges.Clubs: The Palazzo is host to LAVO. This is a smaller club but a lot of fun. If one of the promoters speaks to you during the day don't snub him. He is legit and will get you on the list which will save you a long line or worse being turned away. All I had to do was text him and he got us in without a cover.Location: Next to the very posh Wynn and Encore. These are great casinos with crazy clubs. Take a stroll over there. The Palazzo is connected to the Venetian so you can enjoy the shops without having to walk the sidewalk. The Mirage is right across the street which has some great restaurants.If you want old school Vegas maybe this part of the strip isn't for you. If you want new and fancy this is the spot for you. This all-suite hotel is worth every penny. Enjoy the luxury and hopefully win big. Good luck!
5	This is my favorite hotel in Vegas. It's a top notch hotel in the center of the strip.  All the rooms are huge with separate sleeping and "living" areas.  The bathrooms are amazing with separate shower and tubs and quality amenities.  The floor to ceiling windows have great views and the automated curtains are sweet.  The gaming area is well ventilated and there's no lingering smell of smoke at all. It's a little more on the pricey side but worth it if you're taking your lady (or man).
5	This casino hotel is the place to be! Everything you need is around you. The Palazzo connects to the Venetian w/o having to go outside AND connects to the Wynn & TI by bridge. In addition it is less than a block away from the Fashion Show Mall. The Fashion Show mall has an extent food court as does the Venetian. There are plenty of resturants in the Palazzo from you to choose from.The rooms are big & spacious suites so you'll feel like a king or queen when you walk in. The automatic curtains make you feel fancy & having a large sectional counch isn't too shabby either. The bed is SUPER comfy & the pillows are just right. There's an IPod dock, dvd player, & 2 tvs (one in bedroom area & one in the living room area). Late checkout is an option which is usually 12pm or 1pm depending on the days/dates, but there is a later checkout for an extra $100-$200. The nightlife is great as there is a club, Lavo inside the hotel. In addition there is some live music too. This is def one of my top favorite hotels IF not my favorite.
5	I have stayed in this hotel about 5 times now and will continue to reserve my rooms at this location for my future Las Vegas trips! I've never had a problem with any of my stays here before. Rooms are very spacious, very clean along with a relaxing ambiance. One thing I like about this hotel is the vanity in the bathroom! There's plenty of room to do my make up and hair! When you phone in for more towels, toothpaste, etc. they are quick at bringing it to you almost instantly! Casino hosts and staff members are always super friendly here. I never had a problem with early check-in until my last visit in mid November. We flew in at about 11:00am and our room was not available until 3:30pm - which is normal check in time. To kill time, my hubby and I played a few hands at the table and sipped on a couple drinks at the bar. Apparently for me it became one too many drinks and it was still early!! Soooo, getting a bit restless and impatient I tell the gentlemen at the check-in counter facetiously that I got drunk because they didn't let me into my room! He laughed at me and gave me a couple drink tickets to compensate which was very generous of him! All in all, this place is a great place to stay at. You'll never have any problems, but if you do - they're trained to take care of you! :)
4	I stayed at the Palazzo, in a suite which I definitely recommend.  Everything was pristine, nice view of LV (big picture windows), and the suite floors are quiet.  The front desk staff was professional, efficient and friendly and room service was delivered quickly. If you're on a business trip or attending conferences all day and need a quiet place to get some work done and sleep, the Palazzo suites are a nice place to be!
2	Always amazing to me how upscale hotels  can mess up the basics.   When you're traveling on business, things like a clean and working iron are more important than having a TV in the bathroom.
1	The bathroom in our suite smelled like urine from the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out.  Makes you wonder about the plumbing or the quality of the cleaning going on here.The employees are nice and are trying hard, but  . . They failed to credit us for a price mix up that was their fault.We were on the 45th floor and still had noice most of the night from the Treasure Island show across the street.  I think a lot of reviewers believe they are hearing the nightclub, but I think it is the TI show.  Either way, loud.  Speaking of loud, the A/C unit is very loud.You walk for miles and miles to get out of the hotel.  They do not make it easy.Wanted to like this better, because the price is fair and the location is decent.  The casino is nice if you like slots.  The shopping mall is good and the proximity to Fashion Show Mall is nice.
4	Suite is amazing.  Service is impeccable
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at the Palazzo. If there is anything that I am a snob about it is hotels. The Palazzo exceeded my expectations. The staff was incredibly helpful, the room was beautiful, and the shops/restaurants in the building were very convenient.
4	Not kid friendly, but very nice. Spend the extra and goto the four seasons if you have kida.
3	Stayed here for 6 nights for a conference then vacation.  The good: very nice interior design, feels very luxurious.  Lots of shopping and restaurants.  Huge room.  The bad: the AC/heater unit made this timer noise that turned on and off.  It woke me up few times.  Also charged for a drink from the fridge that I didn't consume.  It was reversed later.
5	Of all the hotels/ casinos in Vegas that I have stayed at, The Palazzo exceeded my expectations and more! Attached to The Venetian ( have stayed there before), The Palazzo is just damn gorgeous!! Was in for the weekend during the RNR marathon and had the best time there! Got an upgrade to a stunning suite with a view of the strip. Top notch service, super friendly staff and concierge to make everything I needed so pleasurable and smooth! Currently doing the Winter In Venice theme (both places), this was the best time to be there. Felt like I was part of a festival! The Palazzo is my go to place to stay from now on, looking forward to returning in the Spring for a conference!
5	OMG! How can this place have 4 stars on yelp? This is by far the best hotel in Vegas. I've stayed in all the hotels! The only aspect that the Cosmopolitan is winning over Palazzo is the fact that it has huge balconies. If you are looking for a great deal on Palazzo rooms, try hotwire.com . Try guessing the hotel from amenities and the map, it's not too hard, I was always able to guess that it will be Palazzo/Venetian. When the prices were $309/night, I was able to get it for $125/night through hotwire! Not only that, I was there with a group of girls (4 of us) and we were celebrating one of my friends bday. At the check-in desk, I was able to get a free upgrade by simply telling them that it's my friend's bday and that we wanna have crazy fun. We got upgraded from a regular room to a room with a patio on 3rd floor. The patio had a fireplace. The room was spacious and elite. We were also on the same floor with the pool and the breakfast cafe. The service is top notch! Of course you can't always count to get a complimentary upgrade, but hey, at least its possible. Some places are empty and they will never give you any deals. GO PALAZZO! BTW, GRAND LUX cafe in PALAZZO is the way to go for Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner! They have everything there, from Salmon plates, to shrimp, to beef, chicken, salads, appetizers etc. FULL BAR. There is one in LA too, its a similar atmosphere to Cheesecake factory if you've never been to Grand Lux, except that Grand Lux is a little less noisy and more classy! Yum, can't wait to go back!
5	Beautiful restaurant and amazing menu! Service was on point! I had the best experienced there. This place should have 5 stars!!! Definitely recommend to everyone to come check this place out. Good spot for a first date! ;)
5	The rooms here are very nice. I prefer their sister Hotel, the Venetian. Which is to say large and well appointed.  The rooms are still very luxurious.  The Staff is incredibly friendly and professional here.  This was my favorite place to play table games. The layout is welcoming, as is the variety.
5	Come on.. It doesn't really get much better...
3	Beautiful property! Rooms are spacious and well appointed. I would love to give it 5 stars but the screaming child in the adjacent room (place is booked so too bad for you) coupled with wifi outages drops it to a 3.
5	I stayed here for three days on my most recent trip, and found it to be very nice. It was much more busy than normal. The wifi did not work in my room or the TV in front of my bed, but otherwise the room was perfect. Its huge, pretty, and functional. The Front Desk and especially the Grazie staff were very professional and went out of their way to make the stay pleasant. The room was always cleaned really well, though the bathmat was not changed during my stay.  The safe is a really nice size and has an outlet so you can leave your laptop and phone to charge while they are secured. Used the iron board for a badly wrinkled shirt and it was quite dusty.  Plenty of drawers in the bar (which lights up on top) as well as in the two dressers and a shelf under the safe in the cabinet, and a closet that lights up when you open the doors. The bathroom is awesome, the toilette has its own little room too.  The drink girl seemed unhappy and rushed so I just did not order any while at the tables.  The pit boss also was not really keeping track of the money I was playing this time around for the most part. Otherwise, a perfect stay. My absolute favorite place to stay in Las Vegas!
3	The spacious suites at the Palazzo are definitely enjoyable and my room did come with a nice view from the 34th floor. The sunken living room does give you a feeling that you have a separate space for work and relaxation. And the bathroom is bigger than most city studio apartments with two sinks, a separate room for the toilet, a standing shower and of course a luxurious roman tub. Let's be honest it's all about the tub! With is the perfect end to a day in Vegas regardless of if you are here for work (like I was) or play. But this is why I can't bring myself to give this hotel 5 stars. 1) the wine glasses in my room were dirty and my dirty I mean sticky and gross. I removed them from the stay and they were never replaced the whole week I was there. 2) That luxurious bathtub I was raving about, I actually had to clean it up a bit before I could use it as there was black stuff left in the tub. I used to supervise housekeepers and know more than anyone it's a tough job. But that's just not right. 3) The staff throughout the Palazzo didn't seem to know anything about the hotel. Nearly every time I would ask for directions they would not know where to direct me to. Overall it was a good experience but kinda disappointing in these other areas.The hotel facilities I'd give 4 stars, the rooms are nice (though starting to show some wear). However service here is a 2 in my book.
5	Overall, my second favorite hotel but they lose out the top spot because the casino is too cold and they don't have a true buffet restaurant. The only hotel better is the Encore across the street.All rooms are Suites. Comfy beds, 2 flat screen TVs, excellent maid service, in room wi fi is pay but cellular coverage is 4g and full bars for Verizon and T mobile. Overall the regular rooms are better than anywhere else in Vegas (including the Encore).Restraunts, clubs, and shopping are varied to appeal to all demographics.  Attached to the Venetian via the Canal Shoppes. Lacking a buffet at either hotel is an oddity. That said, having the Walgreens is a great PLUS.Casino is well laid out at the Palazzo, but the "traditional" sport book is over at the Venetian. Casino floor is ringed by restaraunts, bars, cigar shop, Swarovski shop, and the Jersey Boys showroom.Hotel lobby has an impressive fountain and check in is easy.  VIP lounge if you are snob and don't want to mingle with the common...Valet service is well laid out with seperate levels for drop off and pickup.Great customer service.One of the top resort hotels in Vegas.
3	I stayed at Palazzo on 1-4-13 to 1-8-13.  The hotel was clean and pretty.  Checkins was fast and efficient where the staff was nice and friendly.  The room was spacious but it need a little more work catching up to the Wynn & Encore.  It is not as clean as Wynn nor was the the staff was as friendly. Trust me, i would rather stayed at the Wynn any day  The decor and ambiance at Wynn is a lot better.
5	Having stayed at there other property The Venetian I was anxious to try The Palazzo.Since is newer the Venetian is seem cleaner and more modern.Great roomsThe casino is a little smaller.The staff is fantastic.Beautiful decor throughout The hotel, check in was a breeze.I had such a good trip I stayed there again two weeks later and also had a great time.
4	If you aren't sure where to have dinner that night - go straight to the Palazzo and you'll be pleased with the variety of it's restaurants, quality of food, beautiful decor, incredible music and elegant atmosphere. Good possibilities for one of the best shopping and shows!
5	Best. hotel.  ever. You know it's great when you have to leave the hotel and say bye to the room,trying to stay as long as you can until you realize that your flight will leave without you if you don't get off their comfy couch. Booked here under IHG and received an upgrade as well as a fruit plate, mineral water, and 4pm checkout.  If we didn't have an early flight, I would have enjoyed the late checkout, using the time to gamble or have a longer lunch. Great service. They are happy to print your flight tickets (as well as our shuttle tickets). Definitely expensive than most hotels on the strip ($10 at Imperial anyone?). But the service, the beauty, and the atmosphere is definitely worth it. Plus, who wants to say they are staying at the Imperial? Pfft, not me.
4	This may be my new favorite hotel casino  in Vegas. The lobby wasn't that impressive but the rooms are right up my alley. The sunken living room was a nice surprise. The rooms are really finished out as far as decor. Moulding galore. Lots of wall framing. I especially liked the colors and art deco style of the furnishings. Rooms are spacious as well as the bathroom. Really nice layout. TV in front of the bed, living area and bathroom. I had a really pleasant stay here.
4	I've stayed here on multiple occasion for EDC and other Vegas trips because you get the most real estate for your money. Usually we get two beds and the pull out coach can fit 2 people or 3 if you're really cozy. It is newer than The Venetian and it's a great place to pre-party with a large group of people. This last time, we got two joint rooms and it was amazing.Price wise it is on the mid range+ size but like I said it's worth the real estate. Casinos down stairs are known to be on the higher minimum bet and you definitely want to get a players card if you play because they are known to give out comp rooms from time to time.Location wise, this hotel is great because all the hottest clubs are on the North end and you'll have no problem getting around. You can even walk if you want. Also if it's late at night, their food court is always available.
3	So disappointed! Went to Las Vegas over New Years, this was our first time staying at the Palazzo. The room was beautiful and large but the service was TERRIBLE! At prices higher than the Four Seasons, I expect a certain level of service. We paid less at the Ritz Carlton in NYC with fabulous service. It took an hour longer than predicted to get our luggage, making us late for our dinner reservation with a large group in the hotel, and it was difficult to get an answer on the phone at the main desk.  They were clearly overwhelmed by the number of guests over the holiday. Will just go to the Four Seasons next time.
1	Customer service is shockingly bad and shortsighted. My wife and I stayed at the Palazzo with our two children ages 11 and 9.  As frequent Vegas visitors without kids, we usually stay at Wynn or City Center properties, but picked the Palazzo as it has nice large suites and great pools.  The pools were key to our decision since we had kids with us and they loved the hot pools at the Venetian.  Since we were arriving on the 1st of January, a lot of the other hotels had closed their pools so we were very specific when speaking with the Palazzo reservation desk to confirm that the pools were open.  The person we spoke to insisted that not only were all 8 pools open but were heated to a comfortable 82 degrees.  We ended up booking through Southwest Airlines.  Upon arrival, the front desk again reiterated that the pools were open.  Not until we took the elevator down to the Spa were we told that no, only one pool was open out of 8 and this was accessed through a back-of-the-house labyrinth all the way at the Venetian.  My wife called down, sat on hold literally for 25 minutes as she was moved from one lackey to another but was finally connected to somebody in authority.  She calmly pointed out that there were zero pools open at the Palazzo and the 20'x20' pool at the Venetian was hardly the same as what we had been sold.  We were stonewalled and told that since we booked through Southwest Airlines, there was "...nothing they could do".  Period.  So, we called the Wynn, where we could see visitors enjoying the pool, and booked the next two nights of our stay.  Southwest Airlines called the Palazzo and canceled the rest of our reservation.  My wife stays at Vegas several times a year, both with clients attending the Vegas Market events, but also with several girlfriends.  We ended spending lots of money over at the Wynn restaurants and shops due to our new location.  Bottom line, if the Palazzo had simply apologized and maybe offered me half off on my next meal or really given me a drink coupon, we might have stayed.  Any business knows that there will be problems, but it is the truly good businesses that know that fix to the problem is what will keep customers coming back.  Now I am writing a lousy review, telling anybody that asks that the Palazzo and Venetian are terrible and will never stay there again, all due to poor training and one idiot that we spoke to.  Too bad Palazzo and Venetian.
5	I could seriously come to Vegas and just stay in this one hotel the whole time. Ok where to start?Rooms: gorgeous and spacious! Even the rooms off the strip have good views. I love the way the rooms smell and the beds are super comfy! Housekeeping: I have a degree in hotel management for 1 reason... I am the person that WILL ransack a housekeeping cart. Working in hotels gives me easy access to said carts. Soo when I raided one that was stupidly unattended I was surprised at the quality goodies that I filled my purse with hey that's how I find happiness. Pool: the pool itself is great. Love the layout. Like the "security" too. If u can even call it that but they are friendly. Casino: won lots of dollars playing craps. The drinks kept coming. Good service and exciting. Food: anything for all budgets. $100+ pp or $3 hot dogs. Love variety. Shopping: I don't really spend time shopping in Vegas ( I live 3 blocks away from some of the best shopping in the world) but they have a great mall!Clubs: when I saw the video for Shots by LMFAO I was like "hey! That's where someone's grandpa got to 2nd base with me!" But really, don't really like Tao but Lavo is awesome (hip hop heads head here)And if you get bored here just go next door to Venetian. So all around this place has everything you really need to truly experience VEGAS!!!!!!!
5	So you get what you pay for. If you pay for a suite, then you should expect to get the amenities that suites usually get. I ask for a suite...and I got a suite.And this place delivers luxury at a reduced cost. Just search for some deals or ask the registration lady and I'm sure you can get a room at a reasonable cost.The rooms are pretty big. Mine had two queen sized beds with a lower loft with an additional sleeping area for more people. It also had two tv's and a third in the bathroom. And the bathtub can fit two people. Nice bathroom tiles too.I recommend signing up for the Grazie card; it's a player points card for The Palazzo and The Venetian. You get points for gambling and staying at the either of the hotels. And just charge your purchases at the bars or restaurants to your room so you can rack up on the points. The points get you more perks later on.There's so much restaurants and shopping and other amenities available on the combined Palazzo/Venetian campus that I pretty much stayed my majority of the time here. So I racked up even more points.Although you can get a room for a "reasonable costs," it's still going to cost a little bit more than the average hotel on the strip so it would be best to share the expenses with others.
5	Out of all the hotels in Vegas the Palazzo is one that my friends and I choose very often. It is very accommodating for large groups. The Palazzo provides its guest with a luxurious atmosphere at a reasonable price. I will definitely stay there again! IT also has the best sportsbook in vegas!!!
5	I stayed here during a business trip a few months back. I knew I wanted to stay here after my first extremely pleasant visit to the Venetian. The room is exactly like the Venetian rooms except for the decor. Out of the two, I preferred the Venetian's decor a bit more but this one was still nice. One of the reasons I stayed here again is because of their mini "office" area. I actually needed a printer and my room was perfectly equipped with one. I  didn't even realize it until I walked over to my phone to call the concierge about finding a nearby kinkos and lo and behold, there it was! I checked out the pool area the last day of my conference and ate at the restaurant there while I did some work. It was nice!Once again, the Palazzo also had great dining options. My first night there, I went to Sushi Samba (which I recommend), and then walked over to the Palazzo shops where they had a cool show called Carnevale. I almost went back to my room before seeing this, but their Independence Day display was too pretty not to check out. Like I said with the Venetian, I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Of all the hotels I've stayed at, the price is nothing for what you actually get here.
4	The Palazzo is one of the smaller, cleanest, and classier hotel & casinos that you'll find out here in Las Vegas. I have admit, I get confused sometimes on whether I'm in the Venetian or the Palazzo because they connected to each other and have the same feel/look.  A ton of eats, shopping, and gambling at the Palazzo.  However, most of these will cost you a pretty penny. I use to frequent the Palazzo all the time when I had a friend working at one of the restaurants. Now that we no longer communicate, there's really no reason for me to drive out if my way to come here.  I still recommend for you to stop by and check them out. High-end everything at the Palazzo. Good luck and stay thirsty my friends.
4	Palazzo is definitely the best bang for your buck if you are on a budget and plan to pack the room with as many people as possible (Ahhh...one day, I will be able to step away from the sardine-packed Vegas rooms..). I don't think renting rooms here are that expensive (we were here for NYE2012 so we paid up the wazoo for our room..BOOK EARLY!!!!) when you break down how much square footage you get compared to other rooms. The 700+ sq. ft Bella Suites sleeps "officially" 4, but you can fit 6 very comfortably (2 on each of the queen beds, 2 on the sofa bed). Even with 8 people (air mattress), the room is still very spacious. There is a sunken "living room" so plenty of communal space in the daytime. The only annoying thing is the 1 bathroom...with no lock. The bathroom has dual sinks with a tub, standing shower, vanity table, separate door for the toilet and a TV! 8 people sharing a bathroom can be a bit tedious, so luckily, the bathrooms in the casino level are near the hotel elevators where people can go do their business and not stink/hog up the bathroom :) - YMMV but there seems to be someone checking keys when entering the hotel room elevators. Grab a bunch for the rest of the peeps in your party (super easy, just go to the front desk and tell them you want extra keys, no limit - we got 6 keys even though our occupancy states only 2 are in the room :P)- Go to the concierge to pick up free passes to LAVO/TAO if you don't feel like venturing outside the casino for nighttime entertainment- Great location: close to XS (the best club there is), fashion show mall, etc...- if you can get the upgrade to the strip view, it is amazingggg. You can see the volcano erupt from Mirage, and TI's sleazy pirate show. - Resort fee $20: includes WiFi in room (no password necessary)
5	Beautiful room on the 37th floor.  Commanding view of the Wynn golf course next door.  Room elegant and extra roomy.  Step down to large living room with it's own TV.  Self parking was always available, and once we got oriented, easy to use.  Casino was lively.  Many restaurants to choose from.  The Grand Lux was a sure thing for breakfast or lunch.  Dinner at Postrio in "St Mark's Square" always a treat.  The light switches seem to be a little confusing.  Previous visitors seem to unplug lamps because they don't know where the switch is.  The gym is included with the resort fee.
4	Overall, this was a great hotel. The location on the north part of the strip is within walking distance with the major shopping and casinos on the strip. The rooms are all suites, and are pretty nice (king bed, sunken living room, big bathroom), and the view was nice in our 36th floor room: we got a strip view, with Treasure Island across the street.There are tons of food, gambling and shopping options within The Palazzo and The Venetian (nice shopping area in the Venetian, with the lighted ceilings and gondola rides, etc.). In addition, the self-parking is pretty convenient to the rooms and casinos.
4	If this was only on the hotel itself I would definitely be giving them 5 stars. I knew I wanted to stay here ever since I saw all the pictures on their website. It surely didn't disappoint. We came here for my 21st, which is around new years, so all the Christmas decorations were still up. It was absolutely gorgeous. When our limo arrive one of the porters immediately checked our bags. The front desk people were very nice and welcoming. The guy asked us if we were there for anything special and I mentioned it was my 21st. I asked if there were any upgrades available and he said for an additional $40 a day we could get a room with a view. Figuring we wouldn't be in the room all that much, we passed. However, when we got to the room, it seemed that he gave us a strip view anyways. The room, at 720 sq ft, was bigger than my apartment! We ended up ordering room service for dinner one night and it was restaurant quality food. Everything was still piping hot and our server made the experience all the more wonderful. He came in with his cart, and proceeded to set the table. It looked just like a restaurant setting complete with tablecloth, a basket of bread, and flowers. Definitely money well spent.   Now, on to the negatives of why one star is subtracted. When we checked our luggage, we were told it would take 15 minutes to arrive. In reality, it took about 45 minutes. It was a little annoying since we had just gotten off the plane and wanted to grab something to eat. We were just laying in the room wasting time. I had to call 3 times to check on the luggage, and every time was told "It's on it's way" or "It should be there any minute". That didn't turn out to be the case. When it finally did arrive, our porter apologized and said it was because everyone had arrived at the same time and that it usually doesn't take that long. He was a nice and sincere guy so we ended up tipping him anyways.After our luggage finally arrived, we walked down to the casino to play to play a quick round of roulette. We walked up to an empty table and put down $200. We were rudely asked for our ids and the dealer kept looking back and forth between my id and me for a good minute. He then gave it to the pit manager to look at before finally handing back our ids. Then he asked what color we'd like. My boyfriend and I couldn't decide if we wanted $25 chips or $100 chips. Before we had anytime to decide, he kept rudely insisting we pick a color. I don't know what the rush was for since we were the only people at the table. Our first gambling experience in Vegas was certainly not a good one. We ended up gambling at the Bellagio for the remainder of the trip when we could. The next morning, since I was still sleeping, my boyfriend headed down to the casino for another go. He played a good amount in the high rollers salon but it didn't affect our Grazie players club card at all. Apparently, you need to either play slots, or charge things to your room. We played about the same amount at the Bellagio and went from sapphire to gold on their Mlife players card. We also got a lot more comps and rewards. Luckily, his play did have some impacted as a couple weeks later we were sent an email promotion that gave us a complimentary three night stay and $300 casino cash. Overall, the hotel was exquisite, but the casino lacked. We are returning in a week, so hopefully this time they can earn the full five stars.
2	Summary:  Honestly, is this the best they can do?Every time I have interacted with the staff at the Palazzo, the end result has been "no". Let me explain. When I originally made my reservation, I specified that I'd like a king-size bed. A week before I arrived, I called and verified that my reservation specified a king-size bed. Tonight, when I checked in, I was cheerfully greeted and told that my room with two queen-size beds was ready. After bringing up the fact that I am a large 6'6" man, the desk person checked and told me that there were no king-size beds available but, I was told, it's just as long so I should be fine. During the search process, I did overhear a telephone conversation that a higher category room did have my requested bed, but I would not be upgraded. I asked if there was anything they could do, and was told "NO." So, it's small-bed hell for me. As a measure of compensation, the front-desk receptionist offered me two complementary drink coupons (well drinks, domestic beers and house wine only).In the back of my mind, I keep hearing Jerry Seinfeld say "anybody can TAKE a reservation, it's HOLDING the reservation that's important." If the Palazzo hadn't lied to me during any of the pre-arrival contacts I had with them, I could have easily found an appropriate room elsewhere...say at the Wynn right across the street. But no...I took my room key, two complementary drink coupons and suitcases across the crowded and smoky gambling hall on the way to the elevators and decided to stop in the gift shop to see if I could exchange my drink coupons for a bottle of water. Once again, I encountered a resounding "NO", and was directed to a round bar back in the gambling area, staffed by one (1) bartender engaging a patron in conversation, while five or six other thirsty customers smoked and waited for service ahead of me. After five minutes, I gave up and decided I could go without water, and left for my room.When I entered the room, I found a threadbare and filthy example of Las Vegas hospitality. Honestly Palazzo, is this *really* your best effort? Really??? I've taken pictures and posted them here, but to describe what I found:- toenails under the desk. Nice that the previous guest left me a welcome gift, and that housekeeping preserved it so well.- some type of bodily secretion on the arm of the couch. Hmmm...could it have been a boy or a girl?- couch upholstery coming apart. Hey - I'm not a one percenter, I don't deserve a good couch.- a pool of sticky substance on the marble divider between the room and sitting area. I keep thinking I should see if it really tastes like Tapioca!- and more that I didn't capture in pictures (sticky drink rings on the desk, sticky hand prints on horizontal surfaces)Lastly, I had found out that Tim McGraw and Faith Hill were performing the night I was going to be arriving at the Palazzo. I'm really not a huge country music fan, but thought that since I was going to be in town, it would be a nice show. When I went to the website three weeks ago, it indicated that all seats were sold out and that there were NO tickets for me - so I made other plans. When I checked in tonight, there was a sign on the front desk informing customers that tickets were still available. I guess all the scalpers and high rollers didn't want all the tickets after all, and they were trying to sell off the scraps. Well, thanks to Palazzo for helping me to save some money.In summary, I'd advise you that, if you're a "high roller", you'll probably get a nice clean suite, tickets to whatever show you'd like to see, and first class treatment. However, if you're part of the great unwashed (like they perceive me to be), your reservations will be ignored, Palazzo employees will recite "NO" every time they see you, and you might or might not get a chance to see a show (and maybe hit the jackpot and get bonus toenail clippings). Personally, I've decided to invest my first two hours in my Palazzo room writing this review, and will spend the next four hours gambling across the street at the first hotel I come to that isn't the Palazzo/Venetian. Frankly, I'm astonished this place has received so many positive reviews - it seems to me that they've really let things slide since I was last here about three years ago.My last thought is positive - at least I haven't seen any bed bugs (yet).
5	Fabulous hotel! We stayed in the Prestige part of the hotel. The Prestige lounge is worth the extra expense. Hosted bar, appetizers in the evening. Coffee and continental breakfast in the morning. Very nice atmosphere and views of the strip. The Siena suite was great - the best part is the shower. Best shower I've ever had! Rainshower head, detachable head and 4 extra jets. Amazing!
3	Today, I was contacted by a manager from the Palazzo, who explained what happened with my room.  I was mistakenly given a room which should have been placed out of service due to problems (stains, unravelling upholstery, TV problems, etc.).  The contrite manager really wanted to deal with each issue, and listened to what I had to say.  Long story short, based on their willingness to acknowledge the problems I experienced and desire to correct things, I'm revising my review from two to three stars.  When I return, I'll re-visit this review and see if we add or subtract stars as appropriate.
4	This is a solid attractive resort. The rooms are well appointed and the hotel location is decent although towards the end of the strip. Directly connected to its sister hotel Venetian Palazzo shares attactions such as eaterys and shops.  This is a nice hotel however there are nicer less expensive options available.
5	The Bella suite are Beautiful!!!!Good location .....Big rooms ...You can ask for more???
1	The decor is high end cheap oriental.....a lot of red...and plastic flowers everywhere!    Barf!
5	My favorite hotel. The prestige package you get awesome service a cocktail hour from 5-8 and trust me you get a lot of drinks!  You get treated like a rock star! Love this place!
5	Best Rooms in Las Vegas. Bouchon best French restaurant. Shopping nearly as good as Wynn and Baliagio. The gaming staff has best benefits package amount  amoung casinos and it shows in Service.
4	Pricey, but so very nice. Nice amenities, fun and lively casino. GREAT rooms.
4	Nice place, but the Venetian is better.  All the rooms are suites just like the Venetian.  Very roomy and spacious.  Everything was comfortable.  The Palazzo is located in the heart of the Vegas action on the strip so it is a great location.  Make sure to eat at the Grand Lux inside the Palazzo and order the beignets for dessert!  They do not have the beignets at the Venetian location.The pools at the Palazzo are a great place to relax and unwind.  Also, you can connect to the Venetian pools next door.Give the Palazzo a try!
5	This place is pretty swanky and has awesome deals if you time it right.  I suppose since it is not the new, hot joint anymore, it helps keep the prices down.  Oh!   I turned $80 into $300 in the early morning playing penny slots.  Cha-CHING!The sofas and bed in the suites are pretty amazing.  Very comfy.  The TV is a bit off - the volume will automatically adjusted to blaring volumes each time you turn it on.  The pool seems a little small for the size of the hotel, but it is very pretty.Cute little shops and coffee stands (Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf) are in the lobby.I think I have a new home in Vegas!
5	The suite we had was very spacious.  I love having a sofa set in the living area. We were able to have 8 people sit and watch a movie together comfortably.  I wish the TV in the living area was bigger though.  There were 3  flat screen TV in total in our suite. One in the living area, one in front of the king size bed and one in the bathroom.  The room had nice noise reduction walls, so we avoided any near by guest noise.  We had a peaceful nights sleep.  Overall I give this place a 4.5 star.  I would definitely come back and also I would definitely recommend this place to my friends and family.
4	Didn't stay the night, but came here to gamble and to see their 2 clubs: Lavo and The Act.I like the vibe here, but everybody is a tad overdressed.Table games start at the $10-$15 range, so you can win a lot of money if you get lucky.A large shopping mall, but then again most stores are on the ultra high-end side.
3	This place is pretty awesome, walking distance from TAO since Palazzo is connected to the Venetian. We had the bella suite last time we were there, fit about 9 people in the room still spacious!OK, I may sound like a big baby. I don't understand why curtains open up by itself at 9AM. Worst awakening ever from a night of partying! -2 stars for that one. Worst of all we lost the remote for the rest of the trip. -____-I would reccomend everyone to stay here, it's nice. Just make sure not to lose the damn remote like we did.
2	I've always had an excellent experience at Palazzo. This past weekend was the first time we had so many problems.. Here's my email to management:I am writing to you in regards to a recent stay at Palazzo. My girlfriends and I visit Las Vegas every 6mo for our semi-annual girl's trip. We've been doing this for 3yrs and every visit we've stayed at Palazzo. On our most recent stay this past weekend, it was by far the most frustrating.  I booked two separate reservations at Palazzo. First reservation was through the Palazzo website directly for one night on 3/1/13 (conf #HSGD2). Second reservation was booked via American Airlines using my AAdvantage miles redemption for another night on 3/2/13 (conf#101702523). Both reservations were under my name and also for a Bella suite. I originally paid $278.88 for the first night and found a lower rate on your website ($234.08) . I called Palazzo and was told that there will be a credit in my account for the remainder $44.80.  Upon arrival, the front desk agent who helped me seemed new to her position. I told her I had two separate reservations but would like to stay in the same room. She said my first night's stay is in a Bella suite but my second night was a King suite. I told her that was not what I had booked. She asked to see the confirmation so I was able to pull it up on my phone. I showed her the confirmation and she agreed it was wrong in the computer. She said this happens all the time and changed it to a Bella suite. I asked if our room keys would be affected and she said no.  I made dinner reservations at Morel's because I confirmed on Thursday that they would serve pan seared foie gras on their menu. I'm a huge fan of foie gras and I've been craving it ever since it was banned in California. I was really looking forward to my meal. To my dismay, Morel's was sold out until Monday! I was devastated. I can't believe the restaurant did not have a sufficient supply to last the weekend?! It was definitely a huge disappointment. The restaurant should have planned their menu better in that regards.  Throughout our stay, our room keys would not work all the time. We had 4 keys and only 1 was working. We had to go back and get new keys. And even after getting new keys, a couple would still not work. It was a real nuisance. On Saturday morning, we asked Housekeeping to come around 2pm since we were all getting ready in the morning for Lavo Brunch. After Brunch, we had an early dinner at Sushi Samba. When we arrived at our room around 7pm, it was not cleaned at all. We had to call for new towels, toilet paper, tissue, toiletries, etc. It was quite annoying. Today I checked my American Express account and noticed there was a charge from Palazzo on 3/1/13 for $302.15 and a second charge on 3/3/13 for $43.97. I called Palazzo Accounts Receivables and was told my account hasn't been closed out so I was billed for another night's stay. She transfered me to the front desk to check out of my room. I spoke to a front desk agent and she told me I was checked out and the $302.15 and $43.97 charges were for incidentals and resort fee. I told her I declined the optional resort fee when I checked in so I shouldn't have been charged in the first place. She said she would credit me. I asked her why it was such a high amount for incidentals and resort fees, and why did i get charged twice? She advised me it's been credited and I should see a credit of $290(?) in 5-7 business days. I was confused with all these different dollar amounts and she sounded extremely annoyed and not helpful on the phone. Then she tells me the $43.97 was actually for room service. Okay, that makes more sense. But I felt like she didn't give me the correct information in the first place, so that's why I needed more explanation. I will look for the credits to appear on my credit card in the next few days. I hope it will come to the correct amount, otherwise I will be calling back.  As you can see, this hasn't been the easiest weekend at Palazzo. I think there are some departments and employees that needs additional training and fine-tuning. Thank you for taking the time to read my concerns.
4	whats not to like? its nice. the rooms are all suites, with enough sleeping capabilities for 7! i won $400 here, the most i've ever won! yayayayay! money! hope to stay here again with my girls when we go for BACHELORETTE! the end.
5	I just love the Palazzo / Venetian!  Kid friendly!!  The rooms are huge, there are so many dining options between the Palazzo and Venetian.  I stay here 3-4 times a year with my young children.  It's the only high class casino / hotel that I've found in Vegas that has enough features to keep my kids happy.  When you stay at the Palazzo you have full access to everything at the Venetian.Keeping the kids happy.....-Huge rooms!-Great private pool area in the Venetian towers with regular pools and large heated pools.  You don't have to take the kids to the party pools.  Very relaxed and great for the kids.-Grand Canal Shops, different performers and artists all day long....really keeps the kids entertained!-Gondola rides!-Easy relaxed breakfast in the Venetian casual dining area-TI pirate show is right across the street-The fashion mall is right across the streetKeeping Mom and Dad happy.....-Huge rooms!-The largest poker room in Vegas..tons of action!-Tao nightclub-SushiSamba...if you love food and want to experience a unique and delicious meal, go here!-Bouchon!-Social House....incredible beer selection!-Easy Valet at either hotelI've stayed here (Venetian / Palazzo) so many times over the past 10 years or so, I've had a few unpleasant experiences and mistakes but all the great experiences I've had here far out-way the couple of times I was disappointed.  At the end of the day it's a hotel, humans work there, and humans will make mistakes or be in a bad mood.  Any issue I have ever had has always been remedied with a smile.Thanks Palazzo / Venetian!
4	Awesome hotel! Great room!Fantastic restaurants on the property.... Dos Caminos, Cut, Trattoria Reggiano...Easy to get in and out of the hotel.- heo out
5	What can I say about one of the best hotels on the strip besides it is luxurious! I married my honey on March 1 and although we plan to go to Italy next year we were pressed with time so we decided to go to Vegas with a couple of friends and stay at the Palazzo Resort. WOW - We knew it would be great because we had been to the Venetian in January and all I can say is that it did not disappoint.The place is still fresh and the rooms feel like new - not sure if they have been redone but unlike some Vegas Star hotels who tend to get shabby, the Palazzo has kept up with their decor and room amenities. The sunken living room makes the stay seem like you have booked an apartment rather than just a room. The Internet works well. unlike the connections we have experienced in other places. Although you can walk to a few other casinos in the area, we were content to move between the Palazzo and the Venetian except for the early mornings where we went down to Fremont so my husband could play craps on the cheaper tables, $5 as opposed to the minimum $10 and up on weekends. As a slot player, the Venetian and Palazzo had plenty of machines that perked my interest and took my money but hey - I really don't go to win. LOL It is a rare occasion when that happens at all. I go for the fun.Many great places to eat - Noodle Asia comes to mind - a new one we tried this trip. As we exited the Palazzo to pick up our car I noticed a sign that said $9.99 breakfast so the 4 of us opted to go into Dal Toro Ristorante and were quite impressed by the delicious breakfast with eggs, potatoes, bacon, toast, pancakes - yummy. Put that in my data bank for future stops!All in all another great trip and we are looking forward to returning next month! Yeah!
4	We loved Palazzo. The location, casino, restaurants, are all perfect for us.  We've stayed at far cheaper and older places (MGM) as well as nicer places (Mandarin Oriental) but if we were coming back tomorrow, we'd choose Palazzo hands down.  The suite was great and exactly what you'd want in Vegas.  Comfortable bed, big tv, huge bathroom.  And since their rooms are all suites (I think?) there's an additional living room with sofa, table, tv, etc. My only complaint, which is so silly, is that I felt like things were dirty. The room itself did look clean, but I'm really easily skeeved out by hotel rooms. I don't know who decided that a black velour sectional in a Vegas hotel room was a good idea. I think from the first day they probably looked old, saggy, and dirty. And so much black marble everywhere only highlighted any glass rings or other "liquid" stains.  I touched nothing all weekend.
4	I stayed there for my birthday, it was expensive but they upgraded me for a little extra to a suite.  I only had 4 people and the room easily could fit 10!  Unfortunately it was winter and so the pool was closed but the patio that was connected  to my suite was AWESOME! I enjoy that I could smoke and there was a bar in the room for me and my guests to house all the booze we had.  I don't like the murphy bed, but I guess it is to save space? I need to stay there again during the summer so that I can utilize the patio next to the pool!!!
3	My friends love staying at the Palazzo since we are Vegas frequenters, but I have stayed at better casinos. The decorations are beautiful and I like the fact that the casino has high ceilings so that it doesn't feel so claustraphobic when you are gambling. The room is spacious and nice with enough space to fit 6 medium sized girls. The beds are comfortable and my friends enjoy sleeping on the couch too.The hotel service takes awhile. It takes at least 20 minutes for the bell boy to arrive to the room and a long while for housekeeping to bring up extra towels. We tip as necessary, but the service takes their time here.The front lines to check into the hotel is pretty long, but is an average wait compared to most of the larger casinos on the strip.I feel that the Palazzo is pricey for what it is. I would shell out $75 more dollars a night to have a better stay at Cosmopolitan or Encore/Wynn.
4	The Palazzo was exactly as I expected. The interior is beautiful, the rooms are comfortable, and the customer service is excellent. Check in was friendly and personable, although there was a small line. It moved at a medium pace which was fine with me. During my check-in conversation I mentioned I was there for my bachelorette weekend and my bella suite became with a bella suite with strip view (thank you thank you thank you!). The room was spacious and clean. The few times we called for extra amenities they were brought up quickly. Tip: the day you are checking out, call to arrange a bell person early (if you will be needing one). It took a really long time for them to get to our room.Valet moved pretty quickly for the volume of people checking out. The food options are okay-I feel like I could have explored more but I did take advantage of breakfast at Grand Lux a few times since it was inside the casino.Speaking of the casino, worst cocktail service. Of any hotel I went in. Ever. I also was not keen of the location. I used to be a north strip person but since the opening of city center, etc I wish I was closer to center strip.I don't know if I would have paid the prices if I hadn't gotten a great deal on the room but it really is a good option, especially if you have a few people in your group and would enjoy extra room to lounge about.
3	Eh.  I'm still not impressed.On this visit- things were going so well until I got to my room.  And it wasn't ready.  In fact- the maids had just started cleaning it when I arrived.  They asked me to go back to the lobby and wait- but I wasn't about to schlep my luggage and my travel weary body all the way back there so I decided to sit and wait.I called the front desk and they did give me a $50 credit.  But I still sat for 40 minutes watching my room getting cleaned.And still no coffee in my room.  That will kill a hotel for me every time.If there is a bright side?  They did stop charging for the Internet.  So that's something, I guess . . . . .
5	My review is a couple of years late but I still remember my awesome, awesome experience when I was staying at the Palazzo. And frankly, this review is for both the Venetian (for the check in) and the Palazzo (for the room).As luck might have it, I actually bid for my Vegas hotel on priceline and I was crossing my fingers hoping that I would be placed at the Venetian. And guess what? For a low nightly rate of $135/night (not including tax and/or resort fees, obviously), I won myself a room at the Venetian.Fast forward to Vegas trip back in October 2011 (my first Vegas trip, mind you), I drove from the airport to the Venetian and I had no problem finding parking in the underground garage. The traffic on the strip was not too bad, but hey, it's the Vegas strip. I thoroughly enjoyed my view during the ride to the hotel.So I parked, and went up on my happy way to check in. The line was pretty long, but it was moving along pretty fast. As a matter fact, when it was time for me to check in, a staff at the front desk actually called me up to the side reception area (I think for preferred Grazie members or something like that).  She was VERY friendly, and VERY helpful. Why the capital "VERY"? Well, I'll tell you why! After she looked up my information in the system and knowing that I had made reservations at the hotel through priceline, she didn't treat me any differently (I'd been to hotels where they treated me differently if I'd reserved through priceline even thought I was a gold member at the time. Ahem Marriott! Ahem Hilton!)Anyway, as she was trying to check me in, I asked her if there was any complimentary upgrade that she could throw my way. She looked at me and said, "let me see what I can do". And while she was looking in the system, I asked her again if I could get a room at the Palazzo instead of the Venetian.  She smiled, and said, "that shouldn't be a problem". Long story short,  I was put up on the (if I remember correctly) 24th floor of the Palazzo looking down on the strip, right across from the Treasure Island. And the best thing about overlooking the Treasure Island is the fact that I was able to just look out the window and watch the pirate show at TI.On top of all this, I had asked her about the clubs at the hotel (Lavo and Tao) and asked her if I could maybe get passes for the clubs. She provided me with passes to Lavo and politely informed me that Tao never provided free passes because it's the more popular clubs between the two. Whether or not this was true wasn't really an issue for me because hey, I got me a couple of free passes to Lavo which was good enough. She also told me that if I were to contact the concierge, there was a very likely chance that I might be able to get in for free to Tao. I didn't bother doing that, though. The suite that I stayed in at the Palazzo was wonderful.  The bed was comfortable. It was plenty big for me and one other person. The bathroom was beautiful and the couch was comfortable and big enough for maybe for a couple of other people to sleep in comfortably if you're thinking about staying here with a few more people.The only downside about staying at the Palazzo/Venetian is it's located almost all the way North of the strip so if you want to be in the center of it all, this is probably not the best place to stay in.. However, considering the rate that I had, the upgrades that I received despite my priceline reservation, the free club passes, I wouldn't think twice about coming back and staying here. In conclusion, easy parking, friendly/awesome customer service, nice suites, I can't ask for more.P.S. If it's not obvious yet, the Venetian and the Palazzo are sister hotels that are connected to one another with Palazzo being the newer one between the two.
4	Stayed here for a week. We had an amazing time. Rooms were great, but 200 a night I hope so. Restaurant prices are way to high for the god you get. Plan on 30 to 40 per meal for each person.
5	Gorgeous suites that's standard. Everything feels like luxury, and its connected to Venetian which has such great ambiance.  My only gripe is that its a little further in from Venetian so there's a bit more walking to do when coming from the other part of the strip. Otherwise, it's one of the best places to stay.
5	I have stayed at the Palazzo alot of times and my experience keeps getting better.  The rooms are amazing.  The spa here is amazing, the pool is really nice,  & the sports bar is the best in Vegas!!  Also I think its located in the best place on the strip because all the coolest hotels are in that general location.  Would not hesitate to go back.
4	Large, spacious suites that have more than enough room for 4 people.  The rooms are clean and decorated tastefully.  I definitely appreciated the large bathroom and vanity area too!I'm a sucker for cherry blossoms, so the hallway carpeting makes me happy.Great location on the strip and connected to the Venetian is also really convenient.
2	The resort hotel itself is at a decet location (depending on what you have planned) Check in was easy, did not have to wait very long. After tipping for the service, was offered a complimentary upgrade+view. The suite was close to the elevator,  itself was beautiful, however the view was a little disappointing. But we do love the room! Why then only 2 stars?1) House keeping was disappointing, had to call in order to ensure we get our rooms cleaned (and yes we did tip for house keeping as well)2) After coming back to our suite from our trip - we noticed that house keep supplies were left in our bathroom, since priority service line & front desk line took a long time to respond we ended up placing it back on a cleaning kart in the hallways.3) Room service food was meh ..food was COLD, and for the price of $90 for 2 meals, we expected a lot more.4) What was worse was the check out part. A) We did not receive a receipt in our email, turned out that they sent it to the wrong email - it would be a lot nicer if they were to confirm all the information taken down was correct.B) We paid for a full vacation package, and upon check out we noticed that we were billed for the room!!!! Luckily we stayed behind and ensure that we received the receipt. Can you imagine after coming home from a nice vacation and found out that you were billed incorrectly? The service person could not make decision on the spot when obviously this was an error on their end and had to get an approval from a manager (which i understand) - however having to stand there and wait was not fun especially if you're in a rush to go else where (eg. airport!), at one point i even said to the agent "you know what, it's only $109 - it's okay forget it" ..Anyways, they were able to resolve it at the end. Got the pictures of all the receipts  AND FOR OUR INCONVENIENCE..they gave us two pens (lol) sigh..Review? Meh, I've experienced better.Tip? Service in general was decent, as long as you're polite and tip well you can pretty much get what you ask for done. But expect to wait or having to make that request on your own (house keepig) - oh and dont try the room service, not worth the money.Advice? Didn't have to do this when i visited other hotels but i guess human error & mistakes can happen .. double check your bill/receipt before you leave! :-)To sum it all up, it was a short vacation, we didnt get as much done as we like so we definitely will be returning to vegas.. but we would reconsider whether or not if we would like to return to Palazzo.
4	The Palazzo is a great place to stay and to game! But first some quick tips!1. Palazzo parking is VERY plentiful and very convenient. The parking garage entrance is located on Sands Blvd.2. The elevators can deliver you directly to the casino floor or to the guest check-in area or to the first set of guest elevators located near Sweet Surrender.3. The gaming area is neat and clean, some celeb sightings have been talked about! Apparently Shaq was around when my girlfriend and I were staying.4. The Palazzo is connected to the Venetian. The walkway is BEAUTIFUL and really reminds me of the Bellagio gardens on a much smaller scale.5. There is a Grand Lux Cafe on this side of the property too! I'll write a future review on this Cheesecake Factory styleish place!6. Slipping a $20 for the $20 tip trick never hurt! It worked to secure us a room facing the strip on a very high floor!As part of our grand five star hotel binge, my girlfriend and I settled on the Palazzo as one of our many hotel destinations. Having stayed in the Venetian years ago and being very unimpressed, I had some doubts on the accommodations. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of our room and the service of the staff.I'm going to divide this review into three sections, one talking about the hotel itself, the casino, and the amenities and service portion. First, with the hotel itself, the location is a great location but a bit farther north of the strip. Things are not really in walk in distance unless you're looking to get to the fashion outlets across the street or to visit Wynn/Encore across the way. Otherwise, you're not really in the center of all the action.Besides the location though, the accommodations as I've mentioned are very comfortable. My favorite part of the Palazzzo was the illusion that the room was much larger than it really was. They had a small descending staircase that led into a living room. The living room itself had an L shaped couch that was comfortable and a large plasma TV. The bed was comfortable, but a bit too soft as I recall.As for the casino portion of the Palazzo, it's a little smaller than the action across the way in the Venetian. What it gives up in this respect is that there are far fewer players here and it's a little more intimate and smoke light in the area. The problem here is if you want to enjoy EVERY variety of table game, it might be hard to strike up a game with other people. The slot variety and machines are pretty good, but then again, there are fewer slots so that means if you do have a favorite, it will be harder for you to find one you want to play at.Lastly on the amenities and the service, I find that the Palazzo doesn't set itself apart from many other hotels. Tipping is standard and everything that is offered is as it should be. Other places like the Aria or Bellagio or the Wynn will have service people greeting you in the halls and treating you like you're a welcome and invited guests. Anyways, the best part of the Palazzo is the connecting walk to the Venetian. There is a very beautiful Bellagio Gardensesque attraction there with fountains and other things to see that change seasonally. The problem here is that there is a foul... smell... that sometimes randomly occurs. It is so terrible that I personally believe it's a sewage issue? It's just in that connecting hall. Anyways, the Palazzo is a great place to stay! The rooms are still comfortable, and the action is quieter, which is a good change of pace from the quicker tables out on the strip. Have fun!
5	Amazing hotel!! Very upscale!
2	Sure the rooms are big and beautiful, they should be for the price. They weren't clean or ready upon check-in and the service is definitely lacking...Check your bills everywhere as some of the staff like to upcharge your for 'top shelve' when it's not requested. If you can get through to front desk/concierge, there's not much they can do for basic requests (DVD remote to navigate through DVD's with menus or coffee pot/ kettle). They have removed all the coffee pots/kettles from the suites, so you're on your own to find a decent cup within distance.Thie room wasn't remotely clean when we arrived and wasn't ready by check in time. We had to go back to front desk to find out what was going on as we had been waiting an hour and a half (only 30 mins past usual checkin- they told us we would get in early) and then another 30 for our luggage. The pools are nice, especially now that the frat brats have left. The food is delicious at the canyon ranch grill, but again check your bills as we were uncharged $4 for a top shelve we didn't order, so watch your bills!All in all, not wowed by what you expect for the price you pay...
4	We were here for a long weekend staying from Thurs to Sunday.  We are usually able to get a pretty decent price at the Palazzo for under $150 through priceline bidding.  The rooms are all suites so space is never an issue here.  The bathrooms are nice and big with a vanity area for the ladies, so they can get all dolled up for a Vegas night out.My only complaint this past stay was this.  I got back to the room at 3am one night just wanting to shower and go to bed when I stepped on a tiny piece of broken glass in the bathroom.  Next thing I know I'm bleeding everywhere without a bandaid and cursing the world.  Luckily my wife woke up and found a bandaid for me.  We called housekeeping and informed them of the incident.  They were apologetic enough and made sure that they'd come to clean it all up as soon as it was convenient for us.  I was disappointed there was no follow up after this and no comps offered for my troubles.  I'm not one to demand anything so I just let it go, but I'm sure they could've easily offered a few drink coupons or something my bleeding foot.Overall Palazzo is a nice Vegas hotel and a great starting point for your Vegas festivities.
4	Check in was fast and easy. Saw Rock of Ages show here. I really love the caliber of talent they bring in. Faith Hill and Tim, America's got talent just amazing. Make sure you walk down stairs to Walgreens Pharmacy to buy beverages and snacks unless you wanna drop $7 a soda in the room. The best part, 2 gyms to work out in included to burn off all your buffet! Woot!
1	We booked two rooms, adjoining.  We showed up in the early afternoon and, surprise - no rooms for us, not even separate, but hey, guess what!  You get to be downgraded to the Venetian... for nothing in return.  Woo hoo :/  When you pay more for the Palazzo, I expect to stay at the Palazzo.  It's pretty simple.
5	Truly spectacular accommodations.I had never purchased travel arrangements through a travel website, but we were meeting friends, they ended up at the Palazzo so we started our hunt for the best rate on the best possible travel websites and made our deal.We got in around 1 am from our flight, walked up to the guest check in with no wait.We got right into our suite and WOW what a surprise!  We saw the pictures, we knew what to expect, we were still impressed.The sunk in living room was really cool.  The view to Treasure Island allowed us to watch the show from our room.  That was fun.We have zero complaints about the room whatsoever.A couple comments, my husband being a smoker, we got a smoking room just so we didn't have to walk 1/4 mile to go downstairs to the casino for a smoke.  They offered something to help diffuse the smoke in the room, they never did bring it to our room, but we really didn't need it.  The rule was smoking only in the living room.  We kept the air temp low and it was fine.2nd item, the safe system in the rooms, in the entire hotel, one day went down.  We could not get into it.  They were quick and courteous to unlock and ensure it could be relocked and unlocked before leaving.  No other issues with that.We spent good time in some of the restaurants in the Palazzo and between it and the Venetian.  Separate reviews on those...The casino was very nice, never over-crowded, won some money and for the most part the dealers were friendly and pit bosses too.Upon check out, we wanted to do the gondola ride.  Such a trap, but we just had to.  The price without any discounts or freebies was about $18.95 pp.  Pricey!But as a guest, we had a coupon for buy 1, get 1 50% off.  But when we went to the front desk to get another copy of our room's coupons, it showed up but they could not get it to print.As it was our last day and leaving for the airport shortly, we waited and waited....they made phone calls and tried to get it to work.  Since we already checked out, they said they would open the account back up, have them charge it to the room and come back for them to close it out and they would apply the discount then.  Fair enough.So we go, get our 10 minute indoor gondola ride, kissed under every bridge, took pictures and videos and listened to our lovely gondola driver sing a tune or 2....enjoyed it very much!  And tipped our captain....We went back to the front desk to apply the discount, close our account and jump into a cab to the airport.....they surprised us and removed the ENTIRE charges for the gondola ride.  Now, that was unnecessary and very customer-service oriented and it was much appreciated!Everyone was very accommodating, we didn't need to leave the property (although as first time Vegas visitors, of course we had to leave every day and experience stuff)...we didn't need to if we didn't want to.  And maybe next time we won't!
5	My first time in Vegas to celebrate a friends birthday and we stayed at the Palazzo.  Since my friends had been before, there was no question as to where we were staying, and we were upgraded to VIP status!!  I can't say enough how impressed I was with this hotel!  The room was spectacular... nicely designed and the attention to detail did not go unnoticed..  I'm very sensitive to noise and did not hear anything from adjacent rooms, nor from the AC/heating system, which sometimes can ruin a vacation!!The bathroom was very spacious and beautifully done - although I didn't think there was a need have a TV in there (especially since it faced the shower and not the bathtub); the sunken living room a pleasure to have; large windows to enjoy the views; room service was A++;  two flat screen TV's; comfy bed; and plenty of storage for our clothes!  Main pool was also nice!!I highly recommend this hotel, and won't hesitate to stay there again my next time in Vegas!
4	Casino floor smells a bit smokey like it could use better ventilation. But in general I'd say 5 star everything else. From restos to nightlife (tho id say their Tao nightclub and Lavo are getting a bit aged compared to other clubs)
5	The cherry blossom display is magnificent! The time the talent to orchestrate such an incredible display of real foliage! My girlfriend posed for some fantastic pictures in this incredible display. Fabulous!
5	This is an amazing hotel. The finish is outstanding and it makes you feel like you're not in Vegas anymore. The front desk staff was extremely helpful. We checked in quite quickly and were upgraded to a better room. We were also told that we would be allowed to get a fridge if one becomes available for no extra charge.  At check in, they ask if you want to pay the resort fee ($20+tax) with gym and WiFi included. If not, it's a lot more expensive to get gym privileges. We went with the fee.Our room was amazing. It was about 700 square feet. There were 3 TV's (one in the bathroom?), two queen beds, a desk, and a huge living room area which was great. It was very quiet at night and the bathroom had a tub, shower, sinks and a vanity which comes in handy for putting on makeup (not for me, seriously?). The casino is spacious and pretty clean. Smoke can be an issue, but not anymore so than any other casino.  The Grand Lux is worth checking out if you're hungry. The shops are nice too. Very high end and some nice restaurants as well. The Palazzo is attached to the Venetian which is nice as well. Both are quite beautiful hotels and treat their guests well.We had a problem with the WiFi so they waived the resort fee. Awesome!Note. The Grazie Shuttle departs every half hour from 6am-6pm from the VENETIAN! from the Palazzo, it's only every hour. Trust me on that one. For a nice place to stay in Vegas, but not feel like you're in the middle of Vegas, this is the place.
5	Over time, I have become sick of going to and especially working trade shows. In April, it seems every years is the giant media and entertainment tradeshow which fortunately I didn't have to work, but did have to attend. The show is always in Las Vegas due to proximity, number of people and cost. Staying at a world-class property becomes particularly enjoyable in this situation! The Palazzo Resort made this last tradeshow actually enjoyable. Great room, great service, excellent dining and winning in their casinos along with clients is a formula for success. I had a wonderful time and the room allowed me to sneak away, get caught up on daily tasks and most-importantly just relax.Their rooms are huge and the bathrooms are decadent. There's a nice area to work, should you actually need to and there's room in the refrigerator for whatever. Service the entire time was wonderful. The Guest Relations Coordinator even sent an email thanking me!Great stay and I hope I am back soon!
2	Major downgrade for Palazzo. My last two visits here had more issues than I care to admit but this last time was unacceptable. Upon checking into my room, everything was dirty. It looked as if the room only had the bed made. The tile floor was filthy and stained in the hallway and bathroom. Stepped on a needle on the carpet and found previous occupants player cards and room keys on the floor. WTF?! Next, the lights were burned out and not working in the closet, the bar, and the lamp on the desk. I also asked why my players club account had been downgraded when I have lost much more money progressively and was initially told its not the money but the time I spent playing...well spent my entire trip on this property playing and lost it all only to find out it has had no effect on my status? WTH? Now that I will no longer stay here, the only incentive I have to go here is that I am lucky here most of the time and I will walk away with my winnings in the future. The pit boss was also a prick, but I won't get into that.
3	Don't be fooled by the 3 stars...the room is nice, the location is nice, etc etc.  In fact, the rooms are amazing....huge huge room with a nice L-shaped couch for entertainment if you have friends hanging out.  You could pack a lot of people in this room if you wanted.  2 LCD TVs (one by the lower living room area, one in front of the bed), so you can't miss anything.  What I am knocking is value.  TV amenities, even the music channels, cost money.  WHAT?  All the other stations have some sort of DirectTV or MusicChoice music (I like having that) and at the Palazzo, they charge for it.  And the room was $250/night when I went (granted it was on the first weekend after Selection Sunday so that probably had a lot to do with it) but man, I just felt like I didn't get a bang for my buck, especially with so much competition around the area.  And there is a resort fee too....I can't remember if it included wifi or not (and if it didn't, then I should take off another star) but I really felt ripped off after staying here.  I wouldn't pay more than $125 for a night here just because I can go to Aria, get a room with all the amenities (smaller room but I rarely used that couch anyways) and get my music for half the price.I didn't have a problem with the hotel and casino...everything was fine and fancy.  But man my wallet was just like "Really?"
5	A sister hotel to the famed Venetian, The Palazzo Resort Hotel Casino was home base for me and Kelly during our spring break adventure. We lucked out with an amazing deal for flight and hotel- with our promotion, we even had a $50 credit to gamble with at the slots, rides to and from the airport, and various discounts at the bars and restaurants at our hotel... just for staying here! The Palazzo is a classy, spacious, and luxurious hotel located towards the end of The Strip. It is a short walk away from Wynn / Encore, across the street from Fashion Show Mall and Tresure Island, and also connected to The Venetian. Because these two hotels are connected, you have more amenities like more pools, at your disposal. One of my favorite spots, LAVO is also located inside The Palazzo. The rooms are suite styled, and we enjoyed a beautiful view overlooking the strip. We lucked out with a room right under the penthouse floor. With two uber comfy queens, a tv in the living room, bedroom, and bathroom, amble closet space, sunken living room with large area couch, office desk area, dining room, and a large bathroom (separate bath tub and shower), the two of us lived it up during our stay. Since my stay here at The Palazzo, I have since also stayed at the Venetian. As much as I liked the Venetian, The Palazzo is definitely more sexy, modern, much better decorated and exudes what Las Vegas should be like. The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel, and also has great restaurants, luxurious shops, and great rooms!
5	Love the Palazzo. We had our rooms comped last month so I can't complain about the prices. But the fact that they share with Venetian and have two clubs (Tao/Lavo) on site is awesome. We at at Lavo too and the food was so good. The pool is great and Tao Beach is closeby (favorite pool party in Vegas). The Palazzo pool is a great place to chill too, with a full bar and TVs all around it.
4	The great:- At check-in, we got an upgrade to a 1200 SF suite for a very reasonable extra charge.  (It's an all-suite hotel, but the standard one is more like 700 SF.)- Check-in staff was super-friendly.- Automatic blinds with remote were awesome.- The birthday boy got a happy birthday letter with free drink coupons (which we forgot to use.)- Room service breakfast beat expectations and our server was very polite and set our table well and quickly.- Wi-fi was free with our premium suite (although I think regular suites may have to pay a daily surcharge.)  It worked well, although we didn't use it a lot.- The decor is much more tasteful than most casinos (I prefer simple elegance to ornate.)  The Palazzo is definitely one of the most tasteful casinos.- The vibe is quieter and more mellow than most casinos.  We never heard any of our neighbors, saw relatively few overly-intoxicated/badly behaving people, and generally no major Vegas rowdiness.  We liked this a lot.- I completed their online survey after our stay, and received a personal reply from management.  They offered a $75 credit for our inconvenience (being woken up by maintenance.)The OK:- It took a long time to check-in.  The line was not very long, but our clerk had to go to the back three times to check on something or other.  Twice was to check on the price for an upgrade.  The third..no clue.  Strange.- I wouldn't choose our suite again.  The suite had kind of an odd layout and a lot of wasted space; the foyer was completely wasted.  The closets were fairly small and had double racks; there was nowhere for me hang my floor-length gown; I had to drape it over two hangers to keep it off the floor.  The half-bath also could have benefited from some of that wasted foyer space.  The master bathroom was lovely and spacious with its double sinks, but had an ordinary tub and shower.  I would think that they would put either a fancy, high-end tub (clawfoot, sculpted tub, etc.) or a spa/jacuzzi tub into a 1200 SF suite?  The lights were also bizarre.  The wall lighting system controlled some lights but not others.  Some lights had to be switched off directly and were inconvenient (e.g. the bedside table lamps weren't really reachable from bed, so you had to get out of bed to turn them off.)  The over the bed light was reachable, but it was so bright as to be glaring and we didn't want to use it.  Another light had a floor switch that was hard to locate.  Another hung VERY low over the dining table, with metal bars below the shade --  so low that I hit my head (quite hard) on it when I was getting up from breakfast.- Valet parking is pretty far from the elevator to the hotel rooms.  And they won't pull your car around until you come downstairs (we tried calling when we were leaving our hotel room.)  Valet took awhile; more than 10 minutes each time.- The restaurants and stores in the Palazzo close down pretty early...even in relation to the neighboring Venetian (same hotel group.)  We ended having to go to the Venetian or another casino anytime we wanted late-night anything.The bad:On our first morning, maid service knocked and walked in even though we had the door hanger out.  We were sleeping in (we had stayed up past 6 AM.)  About 90 minutes later, we were woken my maintenance who wanted to know if we were using the tub, toilet, etc because they'd rec'd a complaint from the suite below about a loud banging noise.  I pointed out that we'd been sound asleep and not using any plumbing, and he still wanted to inspect the half-bath.  I couldn't fall back to sleep after that, and spent my entire final day in Vegas feeling tired.  Also, the previous day, we left the room around 2 PM, and apparently that was too late for housekeeping; nothing had been done with our room when we returned.  That was our fault, I suppose, but it would have made a nice impression if they'd done it (and they would have had a very nice tip that I'd left behind!)I would stay here again; next time I'd ask to see the room before taking the (paid) upgrade.  It was probably my least favorite suite I've stayed in in Vegas.  (My favorite was at the Bellagio.)  I didn't like the design/layout of the suite at all, but but service was excellent with minor exceptions.
5	We are currently staying at the Palazzo hotel to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary.  This is our first time in Vegas, and it has been an awesome experience so far.  We checked in yesterday with the nicest Palazzo employee Navil.  I had lots of questions and (although they were busy) he took the time to answer all my questions and give suggestions for current shows to see etc.  Good customer service seems hard to find, and when you meet an awesome employee like Navil take the time to shout out how good they are at their job! Our room is beautiful.  It is located on the 34th floor with views of the strip.  At night it looks gorgeous with all the lights.  Everything is pristine clean and our bath is gorgeous.  Double sinks, huge tub and nice shower. We love the remote controlled shades, 2 flat screen TV's and comfortable couch. Don't hesitate to book at this hotel.  You will love everything!!
4	I like my table games at lot, so we stay at the Palazzo a couple times a year due to the free room offers that I get in the mail.  I wanna go more often but the hubby thinks I have a gambling problem hence the 2x a year restriction.  The Palazzo is a great place to stay, even without comps, because it is new, centrally located, clean, large spacious rooms, with two flat screen tv's.  The bathroom has a sinkin tub, glass showers, and granite everywhere.  It's a really classy hotel, with great restaurants, and good casino floor. Now about the casino area, I stay more at the casino area than the room during our visit, so I must say the casino area is adequate.  There's two main rows of tables with various games, and a separate section of asian games.  There's no theme to this casino, so the design is pretty bland.  I would describe the interior as "upscale vanilla".  The limits are anywhere form $10-$25 and up.  and the dealer are pretty friendly.
5	Oh my gosh! This place is amazingly beautiful! There is a great picture opportunity by the front entrance. They have amazing trees and flowers and waterfalls and plants. The hotel is very, very clean. To me, Vegas has kind of a dirty feel to it, but it's like a breath of fresh air coming into this hotel. We ate at a couple places in the hotel too and they were all great. I really recommend this hotel to stay at or to simply visit.
5	Palazzo is the place to get away from it all and live like royalty.  So beautiful and very upscale.  The rooms are all large suites, and they are not cheap like Harrahs casinos which nickel and dime for everything.  Things I love about Palazzo:  the spacious, modern yet classy rooms; the comfortable beds; the restaurants (Cut; Dos Caminos; Sushi Samba; So many others); walking to St Marks Square; the Blazing 7 machines; the pools and cabanas; the spa and so much more!Things I'm not so crazy about: Canyon Ranch cafe (overpriced, small portions and not much flavor); the main pool is shaded until 2:00 p.m. Because the main tower blocks the sun as it rises.Overall, my favorite place in vegas.
5	We stayed in a Luxury Prestige room at the Palazzo back in November.There is not a single negative that can be said about this place!Free drinks in the private lounge from 5 till 8. The fee food from restaurants in the resort to go along with the drinks. The concierge who will call restaurants & ask them to make a vegetarian meal for me. Private check in...The rooms... Luxury does not even start to describe them. Beautiful views across the strip. Tempting to not even leave the room. Going back in October & i can not wait!
5	The Palazzo and the Venetian are exactly what you expect a Las Vegas Hotel Room to be.  If you look around the room and think to yourself, I could live here and be happy, then you know you are staying in the right place.  All the "basic" rooms are suites with a step down into a living room with sectional couch, desk, and table.  If you want to hang out in a nice room with friends and have a few drinks, then this is your room.  3 flat screen TVs (Living room, Bedroom, and yes in the bathroom).  The marble bathroom has a nice soaking tub and glass shower.  Private room for the toilet as well and dual sinks.  The beds are very high quality with high thread count linen.  Only the Wynn has better beds IMO.  The window drapes are nice and thick if you want to sleep in.  They are also push button automated.  It's a feeling of power to push a button only to reveal the Las Vegas Strip and it's night life below you.  It's the best basic room you will find in Vegas bar none.  5 stars.For me the pool while nice, isn't on the right side of the hotel.  If you enjoy morning sun, you won't get it here.  Of course this depends on the time of year, but with us staying here in April, only 1/4th of the pool had any sun by 11 am.  Most of the time when we would leave the pool around Noon or 1 for lunch, the pool area was still shaded by the hotel.  Pool side drinks were also a shadow of the quality you get at the Wynn and at the same price tag.  The frozen drinks aren't made to order.   3.5 stars for the pool.One disadvantage to staying at a high end hotel are the black jack tables.  They aren't cheaper than $15 min.  If your gaming strategy involves putting more money on the table while you are winning, well it's not hard to often have a $45 hand and have to double down.  Now you got $90 on one hand of blackjack.  It can go south real quick if you don't show restraint.  The guy sitting next to me, was playing 3 hands at a time and must have lost about $5,000 in a matter of minutes.  So If you like stumbling downstairs from your room right into a reasonable priced casino, perhaps the Monte Carlo is more your speed than the Palazzo, Venetian, or Wynn.  That said, all the dealers were friendly.  If you are going to lose money, a nice smile and conversation from the guy pulling 6 card 21s to ruin your double down does go a long way. 4 stars for the casinoAt first the parking seemed to be crazy here.  It's the only strip resort with an underground garage and not very well designed, with cars getting frustrated trying to get out, it's easy to get mowed down.  But as our stay went on, I realized if you always parked on the bottom floors, you could get a spot right next to the elevators and miss out on all the craziness, so it's one of the shortest walks you'll have from your car to the casino.  Parking 3 stars.When reading a review about a hotel in Vegas, it's good to know the reviewer's experience with all the strip offers.  Other hotels, I've stayed at are The Wynn, Venetian, MGM Grand, New York New York, Monte Carlo, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, and Las Vegas Hilton.  You aren't going to find the perfect hotel.  Even though I gave the Palazzo 5 stars, they do have flaws.  But feeling you aren't getting luxury for what you pay for, isn't one of them. Just walking around the highly polished luxury hotel will make you feel like a million bucks.
4	4 stars for LAVO and the Christian Louboutin boutique. 1 star for the uninviting casino. The rooms make this hotel a 5 star experience! Seriously some of the nicest guest suites in Vegas! Rooms are so lavish and comfortable. The bathroom in my suite was HUGE with TALL ceilings. Very comparable to Wynn's hotel suites.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the Palazzo.  I was not expecting anything too amazing when I checked in, but the rooms are REALLY large, and the bathroom also boasts a large glass shower + a tub.  (Actually, the bathroom setup was the exact same as I've had at Caesar's, which was interesting.)  My room came with two double beds + a large seating area with a small table, large L-shaped couch, and an office desk/chair set.  I've heard this is the default setup of all of their rooms, which seems pretty nice.  It was just me in the room, so when I get 2 beds I use one for working on my computer and one for sleeping.  I pulled back the sheets on one bed and found a long, dark hair... so that was for working.  The other bed was fine, so that's where I slept.Things I dislike about the Plazzo --  it has a weird smell.  All the hotels have a signature scent, but I just HATE how the Palazzo smells.  I know, I know...but I can't help it.  Also, I'm genuinely confused about why they call it the Palazzo (as an Italian-style theme), but then all the decor and even their soaps/shampoo, etc is all covered in Asian-styled writing.Also, the last night that we were there, I ended up having an hour to lay by the pool before dinner.  My coworker and I went to the pool bar to order drinks, and I kid you not--there was ONE working bartender for maybe 50+ people.  My coworker and I waited 10 minutes for her to take our order before completely giving up.  It was really weird that they'd have the bar so understaffed, but...whatever.  It would have bothered me more if this had been a trip for pleasure as opposed to business.I don't gamble, so I don't have anything to say about that!
5	This is a luxury hotel.  Beautifully decorated, bright, airy....  We were very fortunate to get a great deal from hotel tonight.  We were given a Bella View Suite-2 Queen Beds for $129/nite - Sunday to Monday.  Normally $350 from the Palazzo website.  All rooms are suites with a sunken living room with a pull out sofa bed.  The rooms are very large and comfortable. The bathrooms are huge - double sink, large tub and shower, vanity.  The separate toilet room itself was large.   There were 4 adults, 1 kid and one baby in our room - it did not feel cramped or crowded at all - even with a crib (provided by the hotel).We were asked if we wanted to have the resort fee waived since we were there for only one nite and did not need the wifi nor the gym.  That was nice.  Requests for extra towels and a crib were promptly addressed.This hotel did not seem busy nor loud like other Vegas hotels I've been to.  It just felt more relaxed.
4	Palazzo or the Venetian, how to choose?  In my case booking the Palazzo guaranteed a newer room, slightly more SF, and a sleeper sofa in case you pickup a last minute friend or two wanting to crash.  One nice recent development is that the $25 resort fee (covering Wi-Fi and the gym area) is optional now versus it being a mandatory charge as it is for many other hotels on the Strip.  Pool access is included either way.  Nice touch.My stay here wasn't perfect this past weekend.   Slightly mushy beds, a mysterio white (skeet?) stain on the sleeper couch which created a lot of laughs, and poor/late cleanup room service.   Perhaps even the Palazzo is showing its age a bit.   But countering this is the summer room pricing, easy billing and checkout, great customer service (hello sundries!), spacious rooms, and parking situation which after a couple tries I found to be much easier to access the hotel/casino than during my stays at the Venetian.  Even after many so many visits here and at the Venetian, it still makes for a comfortable stay.  Definitely my hotel(s) of choice for a weekend in Vegas.
4	This is my go-to hotel when im in Vegas. Why? 1) always clean2) you get what you expect3) great location4) huge room5) less $ than cosmopolitan 6) it smells amazing!
5	Hands down the sexiest hotel on Earth. The rooms are so plush, inviting and unique! Stayed here for Spring break and was so sad to leave.
5	Best stay we have had in LV so far. Great service, location, rooms! Stay here!
3	Elegant and beautiful property with excellent service.....but if you lose or misplace something there you will never get a return call from security and their follow-up is lacking.  Once you leave you are forgotten.
4	I like this place over Encore.This is the second time I visited here and found may of things are remain excellent. However, I see things are deteriorating. I hope the management change the course, otherwise it could turn another hotel in Las Vegas once a darling, but not forgotten.
3	I have stayed her twice, and my experience was Meh. I honestly did experience better elsewhere. This hotel is nice, and decently priced for their suites. I wouldn't come here again though. No refrigerator, no free wifi, and slow service.Tao is convenitly located in the venetian, and there is a walgreens located down stairs. Although it was on the stripe, venetian was someone in the middle. You can walk to the Wynn, PH, Cesar Palace, and Paris.  I wished I had done some MORE research about other hotels suites, before booking this one.
4	This was mine and my dad's first trip to Vegas, so I was going to go for wow factor for him. I had found a great deal through Costco travel for the hotel. When we arrived we were the only people checking in on a Wednesday night at 8pm. Lucky us, since they had miles of que line rope just waiting for the rush. It was a quick check in and then enough walking to make you know you were going to be really fit by the end of your stay. We were on the 25th floor. The room was beautiful with a sunken living room and a great view of the mountains and the strip. I wasn't so impressed with the strip view because this hotel sits at the end and you see Treasure Island clearly but the others are blocked out by the size of the hotel itself. No biggie, it was still gorgeous. They did waive the $25 a day resort fee since we weren't using internet or the gym. We moved the car so it was closer to the elevators for the rooms and this cut the walking down. I am going to lump out second stay here in with this review. We first stayed Wed-thurs night and came back on Sunday. Sunday I had booked a room directly through them. Despite Sunday being much more crowded than the weekday, we once again walked right up for check in and the guy asked if we wanted a strip view and higher floor, an 'upgrade'. Okay, cool. I had been happy with the 25th floor before. However, when we got into this new room, it was not the sunken living, nor did the shower have the extra jets in them and it was a stripped down room, and this cost $267 a night. OUCH. We were all like, WTH? It was same view we had before but now we were on the 45th floor. I had paid less for the other room, it had nothing to do with the rate calendar, believe me, that was the first thing we checked. So, if you want to make sure you have a sunken living room and more deluxe room, ask at the front desk before upgrading. Overall, we had a great time and I would go back and stay there again, I would not stay there if it wasn't the sunken living room suite just because then it is like most other hotels. For the cost of the room, you want to feel like it was worth it. We were going to stay at the Flamingo on the second trip Sunday for the ease of going to play Keno, but decided to go back here. The beds in the first room were more comfy. I though it was just me in the second room, but right away my husband and dad were saying the beds were hard in this new room. If you watch the rate calendar you can get rooms starting at $109 a night. If you area Costco member, you get some perks, so check that out.
1	Though good accommodations, I had a very dishonest experience here that makes me unlikely to stay here again and thank god there's plenty of other options in Vegas.
5	First time in Vegas, had a great overall experience at hotel and the pool. Quiet hallways, big classy rooms, and hotel guests weren't rowdy like at some other casinos. Casino has a good layout and the pools were a blast to relax at. I'd recommend this resort and the Venetian over others on the strip.
3	Rooms are great.  POOLS are terrible - urine smell.  Also, hotel does not have a policy to return towels (like some hotels give you 2 towels with your room key and you get charged if you do not return)..  This meant that people left their towels on the chairs so you never knew which ones were truly occupied and which not.  Coupled with the bad odor, this made for an unpleasant experience.  We walked both the pools of the Palazzo and Venetian.
5	Palazzo is one of my top 3 hotels in Vegas.  It's basically a tricked out version of Venetian with top of the line options and much more to offer. The lay out of the rooms is just like Venetian but they are much nicer, with three flat screens and much nicer furniture, decor, amenities. The restaurants are much better at Palazzo too, especially Cut, Bouchon, Delmonico, etc.  The sports book is nice but the casino in general is not so good. Cost of rooms are about the same as Venetian I believe so if you have to choose between the two, choose Palazzo.
3	Beautiful casino and hotelFirst of all, the casino and surrounding areas here are gorgeous. I don't gamble often but walking through the casino and lobby areas was a nice to look at every morning. The design is gorgeous and they keep everything very clean. As far as the hotel goes, it still keeps that luxury feel but it did fall short in a few areas.  If you are used to staying in chain hotels for business you are going to miss some of the amenities.  They do not have in the room: Coffee, Fridge, Dresser, or Microwave. These are all standard things in a cheap Marriott or Hilton and it was disappointing that they were not included with the room. Also, the closet in here is very small, expect to keep your clothes in your suitcase throughout your stay here.The most frustrating part about the room is that the internet didn't work for 3 nights of my 5 night stay. I needed internet to work and not having it available in a $250 room is a bit ridiculous. When calling the front desk twice a day they responded by saying that the internet was out throughout the entire tower. I know several others who had internet within the Palazzo with no issue. For this reason I really couldn't give the Palazzo 4 stars.Ultimately, the hotel is designed to get you out of the room and onto the casino floor. The fitness center in the Palazzo is a bit small but it was able to accommodate a quick daily workout. I was told that the fitness center in the Venetian is substantially bigger.Although this place is gorgeous, for the price I expected a bit more from this place.
2	The room was pretty but it was pretty much falling apart. The front door made noise everytime someone walked through another door. The bathroom plumbing sucked and the vent made a loud noise that kept us up. The service for the room was just okay. The casino need better ventilation as it was very smokey. What saved our stay was the sweet front desk and the fact that they comped us one night but honestly it wasn't enough for us to return.
1	I stayed at the palazzo really expecting great service in all areas. On the first day after washing my face I grabbed a towel and after using it notice it has a blood stain. That was one of the worst feelings in the world.... I dont even think this would have happened to me at motel 6. In addition, the trash had not been taken out. When I called the front desk they didnt seem to care much and simply blamed it on us. This hotel was not cheap and I expected better, will not be staying there again or recommending it to friends and family.
3	I haven't been Vegas in years - like over a decade - and I can barely remember what happened last time so I can't compare hotels. The rooms at the Palazzo are nice. You can get a suite with 2 queen beds and a lounge area with a fold out sofa bed. Perfect for hanging out - lots of room for all those girls and their luggage. It's nice to have so many good restaurants in the building too - Thomas Keller, Mario Batali, Emeril, etc. Perhaps this is standard along the strip. Although there are no current "it" spots in the hotel (pool, restaurant, bars, spa) everything is nice enough that if you didn't care about getting into the hottest spots in town you could just hang out here the entire time and not leave.  There's no special lobby here though it's connected to the Venetian and its fake canals (which I abhor) and they have carnival people walking around. I have to go on record to say that these places capture none of the charm of Venice and frankly it's very mall like and creepy.We got a killer deal that included breakfast for 2 plus a $100 food credit to use at select restaurants. There's a resort fee of $25 per room for wifi and gym use. If you plan on using the day spa though it's only $20 per person - $40 without the resort fee so keep that in mind.
5	Out of all the hotels that I've stayed at in Vegas, this one is by far my favorite place to stay. The rooms are great and the beds are amazing. I especially like the location.
5	Stayed here the end of April, what a great place!   All of the workers were helpful, room was spacious, and a free shuttle to the airport!  Came back to Vegas last weekend and thought I'd save $$going elsewhere...BIG mistake!  We ended up hanging out at the Palazzo a majority of the time!  Lesson here is "you really do get what you pay for"!  I will be faithful to Palazzo forever now!
4	There are so many options no when it comes to hotels in vegas.. but this place sets itself apart from the competition with affordable rates and great customer service- the clubs there are cool but always a long wait . even if you have a table. the steak house there is better than the sushi restaurant. the pool is not the best party pool in vegas but it gets the job done.
1	Here's the deal.  The Palazzo as a Hotel is 4 stars.  The rooms are nice.  The service is good.  For a Vegas hotel, everything is laid out well (e.g., I don't spend 30 minutes walking from my room to the cab queue), and there's some solid restaurants on site.  The Palazzo as a *casino*, on the other hand, is a pretentious, unfriendly, miserable place.  "But Derek, you're just saying that because you gambled and lost!"  No, dear Yelper, I'm not.  Look, I've been gambling for over a decade.  I've been in at least 20 different casinos (probably more) and slung cards in all of them.  I've had good runs and bad runs.  But never in my entire lifetime -- until playing at the Palazzo - have I had a Pit Boss raise a table minimum the second after you win an amazing hand (huge bet, doubled, won etc) AND not grandfather you in at the table minimum you sat down at.  ESPECIALLY when you've been playing for an hour already at that rate.  You know what that is?  That's them just completely removing the understood facade that gambling is a game and a source of entertainment for the player.  That is the house just saying: we're going to take your money, one way or another, and don't care about you.  That is what the people that run the Palazzo's Casino do.  They don't want, on any level, for you to have a good time.  They want you to sit down, lose all your money, and then free the seat for another person to do the same thing so they can build another Mario Batali restaurant.So if you're in Vegas and you're going to gamble, do yourself a favor and do it at any of the similarly high-end casinos nearby where the dealers and bosses understand their advantage but still want you to have a good time (like Caesars).  Because we all know that the house has the edge and will win in the end, but we want to have fun while we're doing it.
4	Stayed at the pallazo in mid June mid weekCheck in was friendly and very helpfulHowever if you have wifi in your room , the connection cuts in and out if you have an iPad. Same happens  to my friends Mac.The suites are very spacious And the staff was friendly. This place is missing a buffet but it's close enough to the Wynn and treasure island and the fashion shoes mallI would stay here again
4	Beautiful place and it smells amazing when you walk in with all the flowers.  Nice casino floor and shops as well.
5	Vegas is a place where anything goes.  And when visiting, some people like to be on the go -- checking out the strip, the various casinos and all the fine dining the city has to offer.  On the flip side, Vegas is also the land of entertaining, whereas in-room entertainment might be what you're looking for. That's where the Palazzo really shines. The rooms are known as being the largest, most ornate and classy rooms on the strip.  Like the Venetian's younger brother, the Palazzo towers next to its sibling in bigger-is-better family rivalry.During my visit the hotel ran out of the standard rooms and upgraded me, to a 1,000 square foot palatial flat, with multiple bathrooms and a private gym!  Very nice, and I impressed my friends entertaining them with huge windows overlooking the vegas strip.  Excellent hotel, great food options, a definite must-visit.
3	Checked into the Palazzo on a Sunday afternoon, we were just staying there one night on the last leg of a long road trip.First of all parking is horrendous, why doesn't the Palazzo have some kind of number system to the parking spaces?  They just have generic areas like 1A and you have to hunt around for your car forever.  I guess they don't want you to leave...Check in was okay, they have a separate area for Platinum members and I got to skip the VERY long line at check in.  Otherwise was pretty sure I would have been there at least a half an hour.My front desk agent was decent, but not the best, he offered to waive the $25 resort fee which was nice and he upgraded me to a strip view suite.  Sounds nice right?  Except that I had paid for the rate that included an upgrade and I had to remind him I was entitled to one.  He was trying to charge me $40 for the upgrade...whoops...My check in guy also forgot to give me my free breakfast vouchers which I was again entitled to because of the rate that I paid.  I had to come down the next day to get the vouchers and the front desk agent had no problem giving them to me.The walk to the room...I am a non smoker, and I just wish that I didn't have to walk past that stanky casino room floor to get to my room.  Yuk.The rooms, ok the rooms are awesome, you will see in the pics that I upload.  They are seriously great.  Lots of space to spread out.  The bathroom is beautiful marble covered everything.  The beds are super comfortable and you have all the channels you could want on the two lcd tvs.  The pools are kinds meh, I didn't check out the venetian pools but the Palazzo pools aren't very special.  They are more like oversized kiddie pools.  Also the pools open early and close early.  Why would they do that?  I guess they want people gambling lol this is vegas.  The Grand Lux cafe (the spot that I got my free breakfast vouchers for) was awesome.  Their breakfast buffet is great and they are so nice there.  They let me stuff a huge to go box with food to bring up to my room.  Who does that?In summary, nice room, nice cafe, kiddie pools and stinky casino.  everything is about what i would expect from vegas but the rooms are really special.
3	It a good hotel but the free breakfast on 23 sucks and roomservice blows they barely clean the room and the pool is pretty small for a big hotel rather stay at Wynn
3	I've stayed nearly everywhere on the strip. Palazzo seeminlgly has nice rooms and the staff was very professional.But there is something missing,perhaps its the illusion of luxury. It might be the ultra thin walls or the fact that I did not expect to see as much riff raff at this location. I suppose it's everywhere ,but,didn't expect to see as much.  I don't know why hotels,especially luxury ones, do not have better sound proofing. I don't need to hear adjacent doors constantly opening/closing and losers running around the hallway with drink cups for hours.   Overall it is ok,if you can get a deal on the room it's fine,but don't pay top dollar. Do not eat at Table 10.
5	I want to ramble on and on about how awesome this place is but I wont. Palazzo in Italian means Palace. And the minute you enter this hotel it stays true to its palatial meaning. Everything from the sights and sounds, down to the unique fresh floral smells that you experience is absolutely spectacular. We spent 4 nights in a Bella Suite and loved every single minute of it, it was hard to leave the room. We got a great deal of under 200 a night and it was worth every penny. I loved shaving in the morning and watching cnn in the bathroom. My wife really enjoyed the large space and couch area where she could relax and unwind. We walked through about 90% of the hotels on the strip and in my humble opinion none of them compared to the Palazzo. The service was 5 star throughout the resort and I don't think I would every stay anywhere else.
5	Stayed at the Palazzo for my Christmas weekend in Vegas with friends for two nights, and then with my family for the next two nights.  The suites are huge with a really nice view of the strip. The location is convenient too, on the strip and right next to Wynn/Encore (XS for clubbing!). There's two queen beds, a pull out couch in the living room, along with two flat screen TV...and a TV in the bathroom too!Seriously my FAVORITE place to stay at in Vegas...came here again at the beginning of summer! The room can seriously fit up to 15 people - as long as you don't mind getting comfortable with everyone lol. Spacious rooms and AC and the casino doesn't even really reek with cigs like most places. If you come here with a large group, be sure to leave a generous tip!
5	The rooms are beautiful--new, nice and not run-down.  I LOVE seeing how they re-invent the beautiful art sculptures in the lobby each time I go.  The main pool has a great vibe and it's an all around fun place.
5	Great place to stay. Every room is a suite. Beautiful veiw if you get a room with a view of the stripe. Lots of restaurants to chose from and plenty of shopping.
5	I stayed here for my very first time going to Vegas and I think I will have trouble booking a different hotel for my next stay!  This place is gorgeous, I mean breathtaking gorgeous.  Staff is beyond friendly, everything is immaculate and you find your eyes darting around to take in every possible detail.  The suites are huge and have spectacular views of the strip.  Extremely convenient location attached to the Venetian.  The bathrooms are massive- nice big tub to take a bath, separate spacious shower, his and her sinks, separate vanity area with a chair to do your makeup and hair, small TV and small separate room with the toilet.  The suite was split level, bed on top level and then a few steps down to the sunken living room area.  My only regret was I wasn't in the room long enough to fully enjoy it!  This is luxury at its finest.
4	The hotel is very nice with good service and spacious rooms.  Note: though we stayed in a suite.  We had a great view of the Wynn pools.  The casino seems rather small and there isn't as many dining choices as the Cosmopolitan or the Wynn but overall still very good.  The Wynn pools are bigger and more fun though and there was a more festive crowd at the Cosmo.  I like this hotel but if for the same money I would probably stay at the Wynn or the Cosmo first.
5	This hotel is top notch. My stay here was on someone else's dime so I can't comment on whether you'll get your money's worth here, but I'll bet you do. Quick and dirty: - the King suite comes with a king size bed, attached palatial bathroom and sitting area. - did I mention the bathroom is big? Standing shower, oversized tub, enclosed commode with a door for conducting your business. - you can buy a day pass to the spa for $20. Do it. The steam room and dry sauna will make it worth the money. Or if you just like "Herbal Laconium" humid rooms. - killer views if you get a west or southwest-facing room. Note-worthy items in the sitting area: sectional couch in this sweet gold (velvety?) fabric and a leather rolling ottoman. The room also had a TV in every room and a small fridge with all your not-complimentary extras - booze, soda etc. Common knowledge but: you have 30 seconds to put down an item if you pick it up from the fridge and/or snack caddy above. After 30 seconds, it's yours so be sure you want it, because the small snacky items are $10 and up and it's not worth the money. I picked up the "Mixed Chocolates" box and found it contained about 10 peices of fun-size halloween-type candy. For $11. REALLY.  $8 for a 50 mL mini-bottle of Jack is a crime against humanity. Considering that's the extent of my complaints, not so bad. The shops around the hotel are a bit of a tourist trap and so are the slots (common knowledge again) but they're fun. I won $60 then proceeded to lose it in alarmingly quick fashion as well as... ahem... several more. Hilarious. Great restaurant selection around the Palazzo and Venetian and top-notch shopping if you've got a few thousand bucks to burn. Unfortunately I did not, but  window shopping is just as fun. If you're on a budget for your meals, the food court has decent (all things considered) prices and some healthier options for those of you who don't want to gain ten pounds while you're staying. TLDR:  Top-notch, comfy luxe rooms, great restaurant selection, awesome shopping. Don't go near the slots (free drinks if you do, though!)  or the refreshment items. DO check out Canaletto past the Gondola rides.
5	I've traveled to Vegas my entire life...from just playing  arcade games at CircusCircus when i was a child while my parents gamble until now...gambling alot myself! haha! I've stayed at almost all the hotel properties and I have to say Palazzo has the best luxurious suites (this is their lowest room i'm talking about) that make my stay absolutely enjoyable! From nice flatscreen in the room and bathroom and a standup shower and a bath inside,  nice huge L shaped couch inside every suite, this is the place to choose undoubtedly !!! I Their sister property, Venetian is the bomb too but i prefer Palazzo!  A PLUS for me also with Palazzo.... the parking garage structure...they have two area in which you can park to just check in, then you can move your car where the casino is and the rooms are seriously so convenient. YES i'm lazy LOL!  Big Props to the Architect at Palazzo. Venetian...not so much....the rooms are too far for me! If you love to gamble, make sure to get a Grazie Card and rack up your points. I believe over the year if you earn 20,000 points at least., you will be upgraded from the purple card to the gold card. It's nice to be a Gold Vip member, because they have a special lounge that you and guest can relax on the comfy furniture, use their private bathroom, eat unlimited finger sandwiches, soup of the day, fruit and cheese galore. They have unlimited coffee, lemonade and tea for your enjoyment also.  This saves me 2-3 meals out of my stay in vegas which totally helps with costs! SO gamble here only... like I do LOL! They will also send you free  hotel weekend offers galore so you are saving already $600+ on a weekend for just the room.  I consider this hotel to be my second home. ..the BEST of the two fo sho!  :)
5	Hands down, my favorite hotel on the strip. Free wifi, huge rooms, friendly service, and great pools. The shops are fabulous and it's all connected to the Venetian! The VIP lounges are great for getting drinks and cheese, and they cater to your every whim! Rooms are definitely pricey, but it's worth it because the ample square footage allows for a good amount of people to cram in. :D
5	I stayed here for a trade show, since it was the closest hotel to the convention center.  Actually it's connected, but it's still a hike.  The rooms are like the Venetian, sunken in living room.  The rooms are large, the living area is large, and the bathroom is large.   One thing that made it a real plus is that they have a printer in the room.  That was a lifesaver! I was having difficulty connecting to the printer and IT department was very helpful.  For a Vegas resort/hotel, the service was EXCELLENT!  The only drawback was that about starting about from 7pm my room smelled like steak every night.  I spoke with the front desk and they said that was odd because my room wasn't near any restaurants.  My neighbor must had a hankering for steak every night.  Would I stay here again, yes.  Oh and they have both Illy and Lavazza coffee served here!
4	I would definitely stay here again.  Hands down, this is a nice, fancy hotel that's more reasonably priced than the other nice, fancy hotels on the strip.  Every room in this hotel is a suite, so the amenities are nice and the room feels incredibly spacious and comfortable.  I stayed in a king suite, which had a really comfortable bed with a pillow-top mattress and feather pillows and a nice feather comforter.  It also had a SUNKEN livingroom.  Awesome!  The living room is off of the area with the bed and it's a few steps down with a nice, velour corner lounge couch, tv, dinging table and office suite.  One part of the couch has a twin fold-out bed (request an additional blanket from housekeeping) and the other side is comfortable enough to just sleep on, anyway.  Big bathroom, stand-up shower and jacuzzi tub.  Toilet is in a separate room so someone else can use the small vanity area or sink while you're doing your thing in the other room.  The vanity area is nice because you can sit, do your hair and makeup and watch the TV that is in the bathroom.Did I mention there are THREE TVs in this suite?  I don't even know how many TVs could possibly be in other, larger suites but this one has a bunch that are awesome.  Satellite TV, pay-per-view movies, etc. - everything you could imagine on a TV.  There's also some cool tech updates to this room that make things comfortable: iPod dock, DVD/Blu-Ray player and HDMI connects for the TVs so you can stream info from your devices to the TVs.All in all, a great hotel.  My only deduction in stars comes from the pools and the casino.  Yeah, there's TONS of pools here; however, they all smell a little rank and I have NEVER been in a pool with more pieces of hair floating around than at the Palazzo.  Hair, in any quantity, grosses me out when it's no longer in your head and, instead, floating in a pool touching my finger.  It's even MORE gross when part of your weave gets caught on my wedding ring.  WHYYYYY??Lastly, this hotel's casino SUCKS.  Table games are way too expensive ($25 minimums after noon) and I've never had WORSE luck in a casino than I have here.  Sure, it's all chance, but this place's tables are terrible and no one ever wins.  Go somewhere else to gamble, for sure.
3	Accomodations (rooms/suites, staff, restaurants etc.) are very good.  My only complaint is the Plazzo/Venetian complex does not accept responsibility for lost or stolen items.Case in point; on a recent visit to Vegas my wife, niece and I did some shopping at the North Las Vegas Outlet.  We made several purchases, including two identical purchases that my wife and neice made from one of the oulet stores.  Upon our return to the Palazzo, we had our car Valet parked and left all of our purchases in the back of our SUV.  We did not take the car out again until the next morning when we checked out to go home.  We stopped no where between the hotel and our home in Southern California.  When we got home, we noticed that the two purses were missing.I immediately called the hotel and was conected with the Security Department, who initiated an investigation.  A week later when I called for an update on their investigation, the facility's Risk Management Office informed me that the investigation had been closed with no action to be taken.  I was informed that the hotel would not reimburse us for the missing purses, which did not surprise me as that was not my reason for requesting the investigation.  What did surprise me was their insistance that the hotel takes no responsibility for items left in your car even when they have charge of the vehicle.  I thought at a minimum that they would at least offer to comp us for a room on our next visit, as a good will gesture.  Nada!Although this $300 mistake was a good lesson for us to learn, needless to say we won't be staying at either the Palazzo or the Venetian anytime soon.
4	The Palazzo is a terrific property I suspect gets overlooked by many visitors.  I've certainly overlooked it for years.  It has a lot going for it, and, at least during my stay, was quite a bargain relative to what other and in many cases lesser strip properties were charging.  Some pros:It's a luxury property in more or less the same league as its sister all-suite property, the Venetian; Wynn/Encore; Bellagio; and Mandalay Bay.  The underground parking is easy to get into and out of and easy to navigate.  It also makes for an easy, off-strip drive to and from the airport.  The rooms/suites are generously sized and well appointed.  I would characterize the standard suites as junior suites.  There is a nice sized sunken living area separated from the sleeping area by the step down and a pony wall, but the only separate room is the bathroom.  My bed was nice, probably not Four Seasons nice, but a definite step up from what I've found in more mid-level strip properties.  I like the northish strip location for a change of pace.  It's on the east side of strip between the Venetian and Wynn/Encore with TI being directly across the street on the west side of the strip.  Tacos El Gordo is walkable from here.There is lots of high end shopping in the attached attached mall, if you need more ways to spend your dough.  The place was well-staffed with a well-trained and friendly staff.  I had a nice time and would not hesitate to stay here again.  No real gripes come to mind, so I won't struggle to come up with any.
5	Great place to stay in Vegas!We got a suite and was able to fit 12 people comfortably.It came with a king size bed and a pull out bed.The blankets on the bed were SO SOFT AND COMFORTABLE. I just wanted to melt into them.The maids are super nice and brought us so many sets of towels and blankets. Sometimes, other hotels get stingy, but not here!Prime location on the strip! Can walk to Encore Day Club, Grand Lux Cafe right downstairs, bunch of shops and enough gambling for your heart's desire!
5	STILL FANSTASIC!We checked-in here,and went up to a Nice Asian Man Named "Minh".We asked for a higher floor and he gave us the 40th(Or 39th)Floor.We were upgraded to a higher floor at NO CHARGE!The View Isn't That Great,but at least we are on a high-floor room.You see the Wynn,Encore,and everything behind Wynn/Encore(Wynn Golf Course,Las Vegas Monorail Track,Wynn Staff Parking).The Room:Same as I Expected,but is starting to age quick(Check My Old Review)NOTE:The room price is lowered from 210$ a night to 180$(150 For Venetian)
1	The front desk tried to give us a room on the 6th floor but offered a 27th floor smoking room. They tried to have us upgrade to another suite level that would be an additional cost. We really wanted a high floor.After 10 minutes of the desk employee coming and going to a back room ....  magically we had a 35th floor non smoking room. I guess they didn't like our counter offer for the upgrade.I just think this was shady. We've been to several Vegas properties and it felt like we were at a used car dealership for a room.Nice property but shady check in process!
4	We really enjoyed our stay. Our suite and the view were both beautiful. Customer service is tops. Grand Lux Cafe breakfast priced reasonably. There's also a mall across the street other than the malls within the hotel. I also liked that it is connected to the Venetian hotel. So you have plenty of choices for dining and clubbing.
5	Sister hotel to Venetian...best size per square footage in clean and impressive rooms in LV.  We always go in a group, so we would get two beds and during the trip, we tend to meet "new friends".  All the rooms are suites so there is a giant living room w/ an L shaped sofa that is equivalent to the portion of your bedroom.  You can fit a family or at least a 3 couple orgy in there comfortably.
5	Our most recent visit to Las Vegas led us to the Palazzo (because we made reservations of course). We have stayed at the Venetian on several occasions, so we wanted to check out the Palazzo.  CHECK IN:Since we were "invited guests" the check in was fast and easy. The person who checked us in ( I forgot her name) was uncommonly friendly and made us feel as though they could not wait for us to check in.  We appreciated the staff member's professionalism.ROOMS:In regards to the room, it was clean, new, and large.  The suites are about 70 square feet larger than the Venetian rooms, and the Palazzo rooms are obviously newer.  No jab at the Venetian because those rooms are very nice as well.  Back to the Palazzo rooms: The beds were extremely comfortable for us, and the room setup was excellent.  Everything was very clean and well-maintained.   BARS AND LOUNGES:Each bar or lounge we visited was well-maintained, and the staff was very professional.  Many of the bartenders engaged us, and others, in conversation and made drink suggestions.  RESTAURANTS:We tried a few restaurants and received excellent service.  One of the resort perks was a coupon book that included drink coupons at the restaurants and other discounts in the Palazzo shops.  The staff was very friendly at each place where we redeemed coupons.  Specific reviews for locations within the Palazzo will be reviewed separately.POOLS:You can reach all of the Venetian and Palazzo pools within the same facility.  All of the pools and spas were clean and appeared well-maintained.  The grounds around the pools were beautiful, and the wait staff was attentive.HOUSEKEEPING:The housekeeping staff was friendly as well.  I forgot a couple of items, and the housekeeping staff provided me with items quickly and for free.  LOCATION:The location is outstanding.  It is located near Casino Royal, Harrahs, and the Wynn.  Many other casinos and hotels are nearby.By far, the Palazzo exceeded our expectations, and we look forward to return soon!
1	To my disappointment, the height of the palazzo structure blocks the sun from hitting nearly all pool areas. As a result, I had sunless pool time the entire four days. Huge disappointment if you enjoy tanning time or just regular Vegas sun intake.
5	Wow!  My husband and I had a great time at this hotel and were extremely impressed with the niceness of the staff and the excellent room quality.  Splurge and get the strip view.  You won't regret it.  Also the rooms are huge and tastefully decorated.   The beds and linens are amazing.  There area also 3 flat screens in the room.  Plenty of great restaurants to choose from however we ended up eating most of our meals at the Grand Lux Cafe on the Venetian side.  We also suggest going very early to get a great spot at the Venetian pool (Palazzo guests are allowed go to the Venetian Pool).  The reason being is the Venetian pool gets sun earlier than the Palazzo.  Palazzo pool wouldn't get sun til about 2 pm.   The Venetian pool is also very big and deeper than the Palazzo options.  Got an excellent deal online for $800 for 4 nights.  Trust me it's worth the splurge.
3	11-th floor, 900-series room....In-room wifi was unreliable, and seemed to blacklist some devices when using a VPN on non-standard ports.The in-room "fridge" was dominated by drinks from the hotel, offering no room for any food items you might want to take back to your room, such as a dessert, cookies, or anything you might want to refrigerate.The room had 2 beds plus a pull-out (sofa expands to bed) but this is not designed for taller people. Anyone taller than 5 foot 6 inches will probably have their feet hanging over the edge of the bed.Pull-out bed was more comfortable than the pull-out beds in the Rio, Ipanema tower.Not a good value for the services provided.Plusses: * on the strip * near many tourist attractions on stripMinuses: * Wifi unreliable when using VPN on some devices * pull-out bed was narrow and not designed for people taller than 5'6" * No fridge for your medication, food, or anything you might keep for your kids
5	I had my bachelorette party in Vegas at the end of June, and The Palazzo served as our home base for the weekend.  We wanted to stay somewhere decent but affordable, and Celina C. mentioned she'd stayed in a Palazzo suite for another bachelorette.  My maid of honor Melissa K. did some research and booked us a suite for two nights.  I never saw the bill (thank you girls, really, you are the best) but was assured that the rate was reasonable.It helped that there were nine of us staying in a one-room suite with two beds and a fold-out couch.  I'm not going to sit here and pretend that wasn't snug, but it wasn't uncomfortable either.  We brought one air mattress, and that was enough to ensure no one slept on the floor.  There was just the one bathroom, but we were all able to shower/get ready/use the toilet at the same time, at the small cost of our privacy.  Other than bedding and bathroom space, our suite didn't even feel crowded.  It was giant, with a comfortable sunken living room and a great view out the wide window.  We hung out in the hotel room a fair amount during our trip.  On our second night, we sat on the couches and played bachelorette party games.  The room was ideal for that kind of parlor gathering.  My friends even decorated it while two of them lured me away to gamble.  It was perfect.We didn't gamble much this trip, and that was probably for the best.  We did take advantage of some of the other attractions - we spent a day by the pool, and ate at Grand Lux and Sushi Samba.  Overall, it was an excellent weekend, and The Palazzo was a great choice for our stay.  I'd highly recommend it, whether you're traveling alone or with all of your closest friends.
5	I've stayed here for two or three of my vegas trips.  I've never had any issues and the Palazzo remains one of my favorite vegas spots.  Great location in Vegas as well.HOTEL:- Rooms are a good value; the pricing is fair and the rooms are quality rooms.- Hotel is very nice; clean, spacious, and classyCASINO:- Good size; enough tables - Clean- Good number or people playing at the tables (some casinos are dead and it sucks to gamble alone)PARKING:  decent parking structure.  my overall feel is that it's not terribly easy to find parking here.  I did manage to find parking within 5 minutes but that one spot looked to be the only one open within any reasonable distance so I'm not sure.  The parking spot sizes were definitely spaced correctly so there isn't much worry about people opening their doors into your car.
4	Having been to Vegas many times and having stayed at various resorts on the strip, I was very much looking forward to exploring the Palazzo. My little sister is getting married, naturally this is a great excuse to go to Vegas for a trip with the girls! I was not disappointed! Palazzo is beautiful, classic yet modern with many options for dining, shopping and, of course, gambling. Since it's attached to the Venetian you get two resorts in one.RESERVATIONS & CHECK INI was able to get the best deal for 3 Bella Suites directly through the Palazzo web page. They even offer a lowest rate guarantee. I found rates to be a bargain for a property of this caliber. Check-in process took a while, we arrived during peak hours and the hotel should have had more front desk agents available. However, the young gentleman checking us in was fantastic, he made sure our rooms were on the same floor and had great views of the strip, answered all our questions and even waived the resort fee, because the reservations did not explicitly state it.ROOMSOur rooms were on the 44th floor with a beautiful view of the strip. Slightly over 700 sq ft with comfortable beds, cute sunken living room and a modern bathroom. And yes, they DO have hair dryers, in the vanity drawers. Double sink, glass shower and big bath tub - perfect for relaxing in after a late night out. Plenty of closet space and drawers to organize all of your belongings.POOL AREAI think I counted 6-7 separate pool areas you can pick from between both properties. You can choose sun or shade, shallow or slightly deeper, loud or chill. You don't need to checkout towels they are just available, comfortable lounge chairs everywhere. The resort was busy and even in the middle of the day I did not have trouble finding a great spot to sunbathe (with tons of sunscreen, of course). Cocktail servers could have been a bit more available, but you can still flag one down very easily. Overall we had a fantastic time. There were no major issues with service and I would stay at this property again in a heartbeat!P.S. It was very convenient to take our bags to the bell desk, and have them ready and in our taxi when we took off for the airport! Do tip generously for great service, this is their livelihood.
3	The Palazzo is a very nice hotel. But it does not deserve to be among the few 5 star hotels. It's more like a 3 1/2. The rooms are very big and spacious, so that's a big plus. The beds were comfortable, but not what I would expect in a 5 star hotel. And, no coffee machine! Really, they are that hard up to make a buck by forcing you down to one of their coffee vendors.The service was merely okay, if I am being generous. They have very few people checking you in and out, leading to long lines during peak time. The made it very difficult for us to extend our check-out time, and only offered us the the option of extending to 2pm for a charge of $50, again trying to make a buck.The lobby, decor, casino, restaurants, and shops compete with any other good hotel in Vegas. None of these things sets it apart. If you are going to drop dime, head over to Wynn, Aria, or Cosmo. They are superior hotels.
4	I could rate this place 5 stars and I could rate it 2.First, don't pay their rediculous $25 "resort fee". Tell them no and they will waive it, unless you seriously came to Vegas to work out and you feel obligated to pay (don't forget you are about to lose you a$$ at the tables.Second, if you are the type of person who appreciates a nice, chilly, hotel room, bring it up with management. Thay have a code that will stop the goddam AC from turning off when you leave the room or FALL ASLEEP AT NIGHT. They have those annoying motion sensors that only turn on the AC while you are in the room. Third, have fun. The rooms are great and staff very accomodating.Fourth, eat breakfast at that French restaurant to the left of the check in. The "ham and cheese" crepe is wonderful, so is everthing else.One of the best breakfasts of my life. WOW.Oh, and the location is great. Its really nice to have that walgreens right on the corner.
4	i have been wanting to stay at this fine hotel for a good while since ive turned 21 - four years ago lol. now that im 25 yrs old and every single year i go to vegas for my anniversary- i usually try someplace new.i chose to do the name your price on priceline.com and i got palazzo! parking was very convienent (front and side enterances) - although it doesnt have the hi-tech lights like cosmo- it was brightly lit and close to the elevators.it was easy to find the front desk from the parking lot and right across the casino. the front desk was great and my bf and i recieved great customer service/interaction. i had sara from customer service put a note on account that it would be our four yr anniversary and requested a high floor. so our front desk agent def. did her thing- we got our room on the 38th floor with a view!! free of charge! she gave us coupons and the carnival book of deals that we def took a advantage of to use at their stores and resturants. the room was great! the seperation of the sunken living room and the bedroom. the bed was super comfty and roomy! the vanity in the bathroom was used by yours truly and i loved the layout of it. i wished we had a fridge so we couldve store our wine and beer we brought though. the resort was just at a PRIME location..when i say prime its PRIME! im all about location, location, location!!! my bf and i were just amazed at how close we were to everything, the elevators were just set a great location for anyplace and everywhere. we could be at the canal shoppes in a min or casino on another floor.  anytime we were out on the strip or stopped by walgreens- our elevators to our rooms were right there. id def reccommend staying here for just a great vacation. btw check out all the 5/6 pools they have to offer and use those coupons. we did eat at couple places at palazzo like i love burgers and illys by using those discounts. plus they made us feel great since it was our anniversary! i have more pics of our trip on my ig at lovexak- pls check it out! i wouldve to experienced the prestige floor on the 23rd floor if i had the chance i would love to see what the special selected few get to experience.
4	Had a nice suite that overlooked the pool; also had a nice view of Treasure Island and the Trump.Bathroom was spacious and cozy. Love watching TV while in the bath.The bed and pillows were very, very comfortable. Got my 8 hours a night!Wi-Fi was hit or miss. Most of the time, I  piggy-backed on somebody else's connection (which was better anyway).No coffee maker. Good thing I brought my Keurig!I'd love to stay here again!
4	Loved the cleanliness, spaciousness in the rooms & comfortable bed.  Hated the gondola ride.  We stayed inside & it was $75 for a 15 minute ride for 2 which was insultingly overpriced.  for the value it should have been free.  Drinks ($16 for bloody mary by pool) expensive - even for Vegas!  Prices in the Canyon Ranch spa were 3x what I pay back home.Hubby was VERY disappointed with sports book - it doesn't compare to the other hotels.  You're meant to be dining if you go there.Almost missed the warning that "free" wi fi only  lasted for the first 24 hours.  If you even touch anything in the mini bar you get charged so be aware.
5	This may be our new favorite hotel. We go to Vegas for shows and restaurants, not gambling. The Palazzo room was spectacular, in perfect shape and very comfortable (as well as enormous). We dined at Aquaknox, which was wonderful, and also had brunch at the Grand Luxe. The hotel is connected to all the wonders of The Venetian, so you could have a great vacation without ever leaving the building if you really wanted to.WiFi was "included" in the $25/day "resort fee" -- this is crazy, of course, but I guess it's what hotels do these days. Actually the WiFi was a bit slow considering what we were paying, but it did work. TVs worked great. I guess there where three of them...
5	I live in Henderson--just a few minutes away from the strip. Being a local, I barely visit the strip. I made the exception for my 21st birthday. I stayed at The Palazzo and when I walked in, I was met with elegance and beauty. The lobby was just spectacular and they had entertainers dressed up in bright costumes that was reminiscent of Carinvale in Venice. I mentioned that I was staying for my birthday and the front desk lady offered me a free upgrade to a view. I was in awe of what she did for me. We stayed on the 46th floor and that was the highest I have ever been inside of a hotel. I had a view of the Wynn golf course and the entire valley. I will stay here again, if I am ever on the strip. The suite was spacious, clean and beautiful. I loved the bathroom. I was okay with giving up the sunken living room for that view. All in all, I loved my stay here at the Venetian.
4	I had a great time at this gorgeous hotel.Check-in(2 stars). This is really slow as it is a busy hour. I arrived 11am of busiest day and the long line was already formed. We had a deal a couple of months before and the staffs wanted $50 early checkin fee. I decided to wait until 3pm. When i came back  at 3pm she wanted me to wait until 5pm again because the room was not ready. I was really disappointed. But finally she changed our nice suite to the regular suite and i didnt need to pay resort fee($50). I didn't know whether smile or sad.Room(5 stars). gorgeous and spacious with the view. The room is very clean, modern. It has everything: 3TVs, bar area, a nice bathroom, a spacious closet, couches, desk and dinning table. Pool area(4 stars). This is huge. There is many different kinds of pools with the beach chairs. I can choose loud or quiet, family friendly or vibe, deep or shallow. The staffs serve towels and sliced cucumbers to cool down the hot face. We had a great time under the shade area wading and splashing.Amenities(5 stars). There are so many gorgeous restaurants, bar area, and also casino. i am not a casino person and enjoyed the fancy restaurant such as Morels french restaurant, Bouchon. When we checked in, the hotel gave us coupon booklet and discounted a lot.Checked out by phone call and sent us bell boy when i needed.Parking(5 stars). Valet parking and bell boy are for free when we stay this hotel. They are very kind and very helpful. Even though we checked out early, our belonging could stay in the hotel until we left hotel completely.
5	The Palazzo is a beautiful hotel on the northern side of the Vegas Strip with a gorgeous interior and wonderful rooms. It's the perfect place for those who want to splurge a little bit more on something fabulous for their stay.To start off with, the basic rooms are suites and everything is just so luxurious. We booked the standard room which came with two queen beds plus an additional sofa area with remote controlled window shade. Yeah, that was pretty awesome to wake up to. Just push a button from your bed and watch the drapes slowly part letting in the bright Vegas sun. I also loved the giant bathroom with jacuzzi tub and separate glass shower plus the flat screen in there. For the gamblers on here, their casino floor was also great too. I ended up winning over $300 at the craps $15 table within an hour and the dealers were so nice. Hell they were rooting for me, haha. And unlike some casinos it's not as much of a maze where you can constantly get lost... always a plus.On our Friday evening there, plans for a catered dinner fell through so we resorted to ordering room service from Palazzo. I must say it was the best room service food I have ever had. We ordered the bruschetta, Caesar salad, two pastas plus a chicken dish. The meal was served within 45 minutes and tasted so home made. Fresh butter, basil, Marzano tomatoes, al dente pasta, pork ragu- the works!!! This has definitely forever raised my standards for room service food! I couldn't get enough of the pasta and actually ate more of it when we came back that evening at 2 something in the morning. Yes it was still good and no I'm not worried about food poisoning. I also loved the bruschetta. Ok my mouth just filled up with saliva so I'm going to stop writing about it now.Overall a fabulous choice for my friend's bachelorette weekend. It was a real treat.Oh and thank you to the mysterious stranger who picked up the rest of our room charge. It was VERY much appreciated by all of us! :)
5	This hotel is soo nice! You walk in and are greeted by this extravagant fountain, and you just know that this place is luxurious! We stayed at the Palazzo for a weekend convention, which took place in the Sands Expo Center, located between the Venetian and Palazzo hotels. The hotel was decorated with the "Carnivale" theme, and there were lots of masked performers walking around to take pictures with. The suites are absolutely gorgeous and very spacious! There is a separate living room area with a desk, table, a large L shaped couch, and big TV. The view of the strip was amazing. The beds were comfortable too.  The curtains are remote controlled, so you don't even have to get out of bed to open and close them. The bathroom was very large with a big shower, a separate jacuzzi bathtub, and big sink and counter area. They even had a sitting area in front of a mirror. The toilet was located in a separate small room of the main bathroom, which is nice for privacy if you have friends who still need to use the bathroom to get ready. The shower is see through, and the bathroom doesn't have a lock that I saw, just a warning. Most of our meals were catered through the convention, so we didn't actually eat at any of the restaurants in the hotel apart from the food court in the Grand Canal Shoppes. But we passed a bunch of good looking restaurants on our way to the convention center. The catered food was very good though! The pool area is spectacular! They are pretty strict about checking room keys on the elevators and at the entrance, so don't forget yours! Guests have access to the pools at the Venetian as well, so there's almost like 10 to choose from. We didn't have any problem finding lounge chairs, even at peak times in the afternoon. The main Palazzo pool had a shallow area so you could lay back and lounge in the water while sipping your drink, a nice touch. The only negative that we experienced was that we could hear the Treasure Island pirate show from our room and it was quite loud, which might annoy some people if your room is facing the strip. This hotel is a splurge, but you definitely get what you pay for!
5	So I'll start this off by saying The Palazzo/The Venetian aren't stingy when it comes to comps for their gambling guests. My brother and I recently took advantage of one of those comp deals and I couldn't be happier! Three complimentary nights, 300 bucks in slot or table credits and, a $50 Amazon.com gift card, how could one resist?! They practically paid me to go! The rooms are great! I've read the other reviews about the old phones and fax machine, etc. but let's be honest, when you're in Vegas do you really give a shit about that stuff?! The beds are comfortable, the bathroom is huge, sunk in living room area with large, comfortable couches, the tv's are nice flatscreens with the one in the living room area having a dvd player hooked up to it. If having a in room coffee maker is a must for you though, this might not be the place for you as the rooms don't have them. If you gamble, The casino floor is great with a good variety of slots and tables, the Grazie club (the casino club card) is top notch! I stayed at the Venetian in December, signed up at that time and I've gotten at least 30 postcards offering free rooms with food and casino comps since signing up. If you've thought about these casinos stop thinking and just do it!
5	My sister and I were turning 30 and we knew we wanted to do it in Vegas.  A couple months to go, we turned to Hotwire and got an incredible deal on two suites at the Palazzo for a Saturday night.These rooms are HUGE.  I felt bad that there were only four of us and we were splitting two rooms... we could have easily shared one suite, as each of the rooms had a sofabed.The view from our room was not strip side, but it was still fantastic.  The rooms are very comfortable and the hotel staff made us feel very welcome and at home from start to finish.Would stay again!
5	I loved the luxurious Palazzo Hotel as it was worlds away from the overly glitzy reality of Las Vegas just outside and it treated me exceptionally well. I wasn't a big gambler nor was I there for  business/convention work. It was just me and my girlfriend before the week before Memorial Day and we wanted to relax.Entering the main hall of the front of the hotel reminded me of going to a museum or the opera in Europe as check in area was small by comparison and it was very easy. Once we got to our room on the 40th floor, we had a stunning Southeastern view of the Strip and the city and we found the best view was the room itself, which was lavishly appointed with two tv-s and marble fixtures. The sunken living room was also stunning as we hung out at night and watched movies when we were not out at events. What told me a lot about the hotel was that there were things missing that other places highlighted in their ways: no cheap buffets, no discount places, no "value-added" comps, and no shaggy hordes of people tied to slot machines all night. Omitting those things worked well to ensure one was getting a great venue, just like the sister hotel The Venetian it was attached to and the Encore on the other side. Nothing pretending... it was luxury.Besides the ornate and decorative style of the place, the people who worked there were very friendly and helpful. I have to make special mention of the Concierge Dept as they really guided us to the best of Las Vegas that the average tourist might miss. They set us up with reservations all over the city and we had a wonderful time.We talked about what we wanted and they made the plan work. It didn't matter to them if the place we visited was in their area or hotel.We did crazy things like driving Aston Martins at Exotic Racing and learning how the US Marines put pressure on the Taliban with a SAW (Squad Automatic Weapon) at a gun range. Our travels took us to the Encore hotel next door, which was strangely opulent, but a sight to be seen.Most of the restaurants we loved were in The Palazzo or The Venetian complex, but we also went to Paris as well as to the old-school Stratosphere restaurant over looking the city. Each of the ones I will note are practically must visits, if you stay this hotel:Thomas Keller's "Bouchon"-outstanding French restaurant on the Venetian's 10th floor. Go to breakfast there at least once, you will not forget it.Wolfgang Puck's "Cut"-steak with innovative dishes and atmosphere.Morels-European luxury, awesome breakfast.Grimaldi's Pizza-a real slice of NY style pizzaThere were many others that it would take me a month just to visit all of them.My girlfriend and I also spent a half day in the Canyon Ranch Spa, between The Palazzo and The Venetian, near the end of our stay and I think that was an error. It was so good, we should have been there the first day and everyday afterwards. There are girl's and guy's sections, but we managed to see each other for the couples massage, which was so good to us.One of the keys to staying at The Palazzo is knowing there is a great Walgreens attached to it with a full craft beer selection, drug store, mixers, sandwiches, and chips, but one has to go out side and around the balcony or corner to find it. We stocked up on supplies to ad to our mini-fridge for the times we spent hanging out watching movies together.I should note I enjoyed gambling here as I love to play "Craps" because the action is fast, the House has only a slight edge, and the rewards can be great, if you stay focused.I look forward to returning to The Palazzo again in the future as it presented real luxury in a town where surrealism is the soup of the day.
4	I love the large room layout and the bathroom size! Check-in was fast an easy.  The location if the Venetian is close enough to the monorail for easy transportation and within a decent walking distance to see the Bellagio Water Show.
1	Is The Palazzo a Kid Friendly Hotel?????This is our second time in Las Vegas this year.  The first time we stayed at the Encore and this time at the Palazzo.  Both are upscale hotels that have luxury accommodations and quality guest rooms and many professional staff members.  During non-school times of years I like to travel with our extremely well behaved 6 year old son.  The guest suite tower is located through the Casino.  There is actually a change in the carpet pattern that separates the Casino area vs the walking corridor from the Hotel entrance to the hotel guest accommodations.  On this trip we traveled with other family friends and customarily met in the walking corridor on numerous occasions in order to meet up for meal periods. Today we were actually accosted by a member of the security force who took it upon himself to tell me that I could not have a child in the Casino.  I agreed with him and certainly knew that minors were not permitted in the casino.  He then took it upon himself to tell me that we were not permitted to be there (in the corridor) en route to the Venetian Hotel where were were going to see the National Geographic Exhibit.  I told the security officer that we are hotel guests and that this corridor was the only way to go through the premises.  He was completely unprofessional and argumentative, treating hotel guests like riffraff. He informed me in no uncertain terms that I was to keep moving.  The member of the security force was a middle-aged man (mid to late 50's) visually of Asian ancestry.  My thought was that he was of ancestry from the Philippines.  I say this so that hopefully Hotel Management pursues the retraining of this individual, although the way we were treated it would indicate to me that he may be a retired police officer that feels it appropriate to tell hotel guests to "keep moving".  I called down to the front desk and spoke to the manager on duty about this very surprising occurrence.  He was professional and apologetic but I still have to wonder if this is a hotel that wants to have families with kids staying on the premises.  I encourage other hotel guests to report about their experiences at the Palazzo as it related to being a child friendly hotel environment for families with children.  Please use this arena to report as well as Trip Advisor.  Each hotel uses Google search words to stay in touch about what guests are saying about their property.  If they see that there are other guests that have had like or similar experiences, they will make it an action item and it will spark some positive changes.  Please share your genuine experiences in a fair and unemotional manor.
5	Came into town Friday night for a Bachelor/Birthday Celebration. It was my friends birthday and we made sure to tell the guy at check-in. He ended up moving us to a Strip View Bella Suite on the 42nd Floor, it was quite epic. 2 level room, 3 TV's and a great view of the pirate show at TI. Great Hotel, nice people, good times.
4	The suites here are a pretty slick setup. Two beds and a mini living-room type deal. Great place to to sleep, and still a great place to relax with friends.The key difference here is the living-room type space. Spacious, nice L-shaped couch, coffee table. It's pretty awesome.And it was nice having TV access basically EVERYWHERE in the room.
5	Awesome suite, view was not great but still great room, nice staff and got it for a STEAL online.  Right near everything, and VERY family friendly even though I did not take anyone with me.The surcharge for the resort is high but you get that at all those 4-5 star hotels so good luck trying to avoid that but you should budget for that per night.
5	We came here for a guys trip and it was even better then we thought it could be. The hotel is simply amazing, I don't know if I can stay anywhere else on the strip anymore after being spoiled at the Palazzo. We got the Bella Suite. The rooms are over the top, you are definitely getting your money's worth. We had 2 rooms (joined together) and the rooms were spotless, great decor throughout, amazing sitting area with a view I can only describe as EPIC and even remote controlled blinds. We had 3 TV's in each room - one near the beds, one near the sitting area, and one in the bathroom. Oh and the rooms are massive. You can easily sleep 6 if you really wanted to - 2 on each bed and 2 on the large sectional sofa (which is also a pull out bed). There's a lot of other great stuff, but you can see all the reviews here for more - I say just go for it, stay at the Palazzo.
4	They have great customer service here. Many times my friends have lost their ID from the night before and it has always found its way back into their hands. Our most recent trip during Labor Day Weekend, I left my speaker charger plugged into the outlet. I called the Lost & Found  Department and Judy Kral put together a work order for them to check the room. I received it in three days. Pretty awesome. Judy was most accommodating and I had great pleasure talking to her. For all of you guys out there who has lost something at this hotel, hope is not lost haha! Make sure you try and call the lost & found.Thanks Judy.
5	Look no further!!! I just spent my bachelorette weekend at the Palazzo and it's the perfect hotel for a girl's (or guys) weekend! The suites are huge. There were 6 of us in a Bella suite with room to spare and an amazing view on the 41st floor. The bathrooms are very big and the shower tub and sinks are all separate from the toilet. There are mirrors everywhere and the rooms are beautiful as is the hotel itself. The floor we were on was very quiet and clean and all of the hotel staff gave us unparalleled service and good attitudes. The front desk, security guards, valets, housekeeping, EVERYONE was so nice and friendly. We spent $150 in room service our first night and for the rest of the weekend, all the room service was 50% off. For those of you on the go, the in-suite dining is a really good option. The palazzo is a great location on the strip, near a lot of other hotels. Our cab rides to the other casinos and hotels were all less than 10$. The fashion show mall is within walking distance.
5	I have stayed in almost every hotel on the strip and The Palazzo has become my favorite. Comparing this place to top resorts like The Cosmo, Aria, Caesars, and Wynn, I always find my experience here & at The Venetian most pleasing.The reasons why they won me over..ROOM: there are definitely some amazing suites at other hotels but i'm just comparing the basic rooms... besides being gigantic, the decor is very elegant and is always clean. The spacious layout with all the furniture can accommodate a good amount of friends.HOTEL: the luxurious feel without being over-the-top classy. Beautiful decorations in both Palazzo and Venetian, with rotating themes throughout the year. One of the best hotel scents.. you can stay around the casino all day and you won't reek of cigarette smell.CASINO: I love the small square layout of the casino area. It's very wide and easy to navigate around. The atmosphere is a bit on the calmer side but can still be loud at night.LOCATION: it is a walk away from the wild and crazy heart of the strip. You can party hard without having to travel far.. but you can also stay in the hotel and have a classy, medium-crazy time. Sometimes you may need a break from the real Vegas and just need to relax.This place is definitely my #1Next in line:2) tie- Aria, Cosmopolitan3) Caesars Palace4) Mandalay Bay5) Paris
5	Another five star Vegas hotel. Beautiful rooms.way too many restaurants to choose from. Shoppes everywhere. Great casino. Overall, a great Vegas resort hotel. I would recommend you stay at the Palazzo rather than the Venetian. I like the Palazzo better.
3	Not the best experience in the world. Perhaps my expectations are too high as I used to work in hotels. I would felt like I was robbed if I paid for this room on my own dime. Luckily, my company paid for it as it was a business related trip. The suites are nice: I really like the sunken living room area by the windows. it is essentially one big room, but having those few steps makes the room feel like more than it really is. Great design element.I was overcharged for my room when I checked in. When I brought that to their attention, their recourse was to charge me even more in hopes it would cancel out. Took two days, leaving me with no credit on my credit card. Customer service lacking, but perhaps I just have high standards. The decor and locale (on the strip) is very good. The feeling of the rooms are nice. However, if I was paying my own way, I'd choose another hotel.
4	LOVE the look of the building, the 5-star room (even the cheapest room they have is TOP NOTCH!) and the professionalism of the check-in staff.  However, the casino sucks. Slots are incredibly tight...blew over $4000 in their "Slot Salon" section on a couple different $25 machines and got a lousy $500 payout. Pretty pathetic. Didn't see anyone hitting a jackpot anywhere actually.  Besides all that nonsense, my favorite hotel on the strip because you get treated like a king.
4	I love the ambiance of this place.  My family took a ride on the gondolas, which was fun, and we ate a few snacks here and there along the river walk.  Overall, this is a great place for some good eats and a nice stroll indoors.
4	I loved the bathroom!  Lol The bed was AMAZINGGG & COMFORTABLE!The one thing that was dissapointing was the service fromThe girls who bring the drinks while gambling they were No where to be fOund.  When you did find them they tookReally long to get back wIth the drinks. Other than that really good exPerience for it being my firstTime in Vegas :)) THANKS!
5	5 start service*clean*friendly*VIP Amenities are awesome*Lagassie's Sports Bar is the BEST!!! (huge huge huge screens to watch your fav games & eat amazing BAM! food and gamble too! (private rooms available)
5	Definitely of the best hotels I've stayed in.  It is one of the best home bases you can ask for.  If I didn't have this insane love for the Cosmopolitan, I would have no problem staying at the Palazzo every time I came to Vegas.Even for the lowest-level suite at the hotel, it's pretty amazing.  The bed area has these super luxurious beds with mood lighting and drapes.  You can easily sit back because of the comfort padding and watch TV from there.  There's a sunken living room area that has a large L-shaped couch (with a pullout bed if necessary), a coffee table, a small dining table, and a fax machine/printer (if I actually needed to use it).  The curtains are remote-controlled, so it negates figuring out how to close the blinds when you need to live like a vampire after clubbing the night before.  Plus the windows are huge, perfect for a Strip view.  The room is easily capable of fitting six people comfortably.The bathroom is the one that you wish you had at home.. Two sinks, a small flatscreen TV, a large bathtub, a separate glass shower, and a toilet with a separate door (in case you have multiple occupants of the room that need to get ready at once).  And for the ladies, yes, there is a makeup mirror.As for the hotel, you just know you're dealing with another level of class as soon as you walk in.  The opening corridor leads you to this massive statue (and hey, Lavo is right there too!).  Then once you walk into the casino, they kept the main walkway so wide that you could fit three elephants down it.  And it made for easy access to our rooms was very welcome...just walk straight.  It's seriously dumbproof.  Also appreciate that the ventilation was squared away, because I'm sick of going into casinos where you end up smelling like smoke if you stay there too long.Food options are plentiful.  You have Grand Lux Cafe, you have Palazzo's line of 2nd floor shops (I really need to try to Sushi Samba), and because it's connected to Venetian you can go to the Grand Canal Shoppes' food court for cheaper options.Best part though?  The Walgreens right next to it.  I have no idea how Walgreens got prime territory on the Strip, but I am extremely appreciate of it.  Especially when I needed some pick me up food in the morning.Considering the price of the hotel on Labor Day Weekend and my experiences, I would have absolutely no hesitation staying here again.
4	I've stayed here for a week at a time for work, and I have no idea how I didn't ever review this place.  I'd call this a 4.5 star review.There are pros and cons to staying at a gigantic, luxury hotel.  The rooms are wonderful.  They've continued to keep the non-smoking floors pretty smoke free, so you don't have lingering scents causing frustrations.  They are also huge.  I believe each room is over 700 square feet, and if you get the rooms that have 2 queen beds, you can honestly sleep 6 people in a room easily.  They have sunken living rooms, and a tv in the sleeping area, living area and bathroom.The bathrooms have a separate shower and tub, and plenty of room for both, plus a sitting area for make-up application.  The drapes are really easy to use, and are complete black-out systems.Be sure to ask for a humidifier when you stay here, and with luck, you should find one in your room before you get there, already chugging away.  I've found having that addition makes staying in Vegas for more than 48 hours bearable, and I'll sleep better, and feel worlds better. You can recoup from a night of excess WAY easier when there's moisture in the air.The room service is decent food for room service, but keep in mind, it takes a long time. They estimate the times pretty well, but it won't be a 15 minute turn around. They serve a lot of rooms, and it's a big place to cover, so be realistic.The Palazzo has a clean, manageably sized casino, though the tables minimums start reasonably high.  It also has a selection of really top notch restaurants.  Sushi Samba is solid for it's Japanese and Brazilian fare, B&B is great for Italian.  Lavo is a more mellow approach to clubs than Tao, and all in a reasonable space.  If you're going with a group, I highly recommend this place.
5	I'm completely in love with this hotel!!This trip was my first time in Vegas and we did it right... I got spoiled.  I will never want to stay anywhere else.The room is simply FANTASTIC! The sunken living room is a nice bonus.  We were lucky enough to get a room on a higher floor and we had a beautiful view.The best part about the room is the bathroom.  Oh... my... I wanted to live in the bathroom.  In fact, my husband and I liked the bathroom so much, we kept taking measurements and notes to see if we could implement similar changes to our bathroom at home.  I mean... who doesn't like having a TV in the bathroom that you can watch while you shower??  The toilet had a separate little room... just like at home!Hotel amenities: the gym is expensive in my opinion: $20 for a day pass seems steep.  I did fork up the money for one day and took a yoga class.  The nice thing about the $20 day pass is that you can take advantage of ALL the spa and gym features, including spa tubs, rock climbing wall, fitness classes, etc.The pool area was really nice.  I liked the blackjack tables right by the pool.  It was a very nice atmosphere.  The service at the pool is fantastic, but the drinks are pretty steep.The casino floor: it's nicer than your average casino.  I like the tall ceilings, which makes it feel light and bright (some other casinos seem dingy in comparison).Of course, there are plenty of stores, plenty of restaurants (I think I counted 37...??).Of course, it's connected to the Venetian, so you have easy access to the gondolas and the Grand Canale shops, which are pretty amazing.While I really have nothing to compare it to, it would be difficult to beat my experience here at The Palazzo!
1	I honestly can't understand how I received such bad service from a hotel that receives 4 stars. I first want to explain my circumstance as to why I'm even writing this review. I originally stayed at the Venetian in April for a random trip with the girls. After a long weekend, both my friend and I notice that we had money taken from our wallets. She was missing a 50 dollar bill and I was missing 45 out of my own wallet. Now yes, normally any one can say "oh you were drunk you probably misplaced it" but as an avid Vegas goer - I can clearly state that this was my weakest trip I had been on. No drunken stupors were had this weekend. When I had called the security to make the report, not only did i have to talk to several guest services employees but I also had to wait in my room on a Sunday for them to come. When the security guard arrived, he plainly stated to me that no employee of the hotel would have taken it. (First instance of blame the guest). I was promised a call back within 48 hours about their findings. In the end, the check out time took 4 hours. Did I receive a call within 48 hours? No I did not. I then had to take more time out of my day to contact guest services. Luckily I got a hold of Marcus, who by the way was the nicest man, and he could not provide me a report on what may have happened with my missing monies. He then provided me a complimentary upgrade and 1 free night at the Palazzo. I agreed and left the headache right there. Several months go by and my sister offers to take me back to Vegas for a graduation trip. To help save money on the room and spend more gambling, I decided to use my certificate for a free night. I called in once and spoke with Theresa in Guest Services and inquired about rates and fees and she indicated to me that it would be best to call back and book with payment so that I can lock in the rates. I waited until payday and called back and booked. All credit card info was provided. Done. I get to Vegas this past Friday (9/27) and they advised me that the room went unpaid and that I owed a balance. Now mind you, I had harassed all my friends for payment. Why would I do that if I was properly told that I could pay when I got there? None of that was mentioned during the 2nd phone call when I provided my CC information. By that point I was upset bc not only was I misinformed but no one could understand why I would be upset and they continued to state that their employees would have told us the proper info (Second instance of placing the blame). Seeing how irate I was, they offered a 25.00 restaurant credit (whoopee). I ended up having to clear out my savings to cover the price of the night. They had advised me to call the guest services manager if I wanted to further complain. I advised them to contact me directly bc I wasn't going to wait in the room for a call when my trip was already off to a bad start. I get into our room and the guest services representative Theresa calls me back only to state that I was wrong. (Third instance of blaming) and that I never discussed pricing with her or booking. Why else would I be calling? For fun? (Fourth instance of blaming). I plainly asked her if she was telling me that as a customer, I was wrong and it wasn't her fault. By this point, I didn't want a resolution I wanted to explain why I was unhappy - what I didn't want was to be blamed AGAIN. I hung up and my friend called back bc by that point I was so frustrated I ended up taking back shots to calm myself. She spoke with Theresa manager who said nothing Theresa had said was wrong. (Fifth instance of blame on the customer). We eventually got no where. Please keep in mind - at no point was I reaching for more free loot. I was simply trying to explain why I was upset to someone who would listen. I have stayed at the Venetian/Palazzo several time before I was mistreated without issues. Now - I will never stay there again. They have no respect for their customers. They will blame you to cover their own behind. And to get any assistance, it's like pulling teeth. So if you want to pay big bucks for a pretty place with a comfy bed and you dont care about the service, then Venetain Palazzo is your best bet.
4	This Place from the Rooms to the Food to The staff to the Environment to the PoolIs Awesome Specially the Buffet.
4	I was in the Bella suite with one other girl, so that was pretty sweet. I guess that's the perk of being 1 of 2 girls in the company. The room was very nice and could comfortably sleep 6 people (including the pull-out sofa bed). However, I don't think there's enough room for 6 people's luggage and stuff. The casino is pretty fun. I'm not a huge gambler, so I didn't spend too much time on the casino floor. We did get the 12 of us and play craps, which was super fun. Apparently the $20 trick works here. My boss had done it and we all got upgraded to these Bella suits (not too sure about the penthouse that they had already booked).In any case, the Palazzo is very nice. It overlooks the Encore pool/ XS, so it's great that it's super close to those clubs. It's NOT walking distance to Marquee/Cosmo (well, it is but it's freaking far; do not receommend, especialy in heels).
5	Staying at The Palazzo makes me want to come to Vegas more often.* Huge room with sunken living room, desk with a fax machine, a big sectional sofa & a round dining table with 3 chairs* Great views of Treasure Island across the street (and the fireworks at the end of the show) & the mountains in the distance* Three TVs (living room, by the bed, & in the bathroom)* Big jacuzzi bathtub & separate shower stall* Private-feeling door-ed off toilet enclosure * Vanity table in bathroom & double sinks* Bathrobes & slippers in the closet* Remote controlled window shade & drapes* Refrigerator (note: it's stocked with stuff that, if you move any of it, adds charges to the room)* Easy walking to shops & restaurants as well as bars & the casinos on both The Palazzo & The Venetian sides* A Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf just downstairs* Gracious & friendly service throughout the hotel* Free wifiMy one suggestion would be to offer more outlets next to the bed.  Why don't all hotels just use bedside lamps that have outlets in their bases?  Regardless, this has definitely been my fave Vegas hotel experience!
5	I love the Palazzo.  Its at the perfect location with everything you need inside this huge casino. From great restaurants to very large rooms. We always get the Bella suite and we can comfortably fit.  The canyon ranch spa is nice place to unwind after a long weekend of crazy!  Back soon!
4	I believe that my friend booked the bella suite and it was freaking huge!!  You could easily and comfortably fit 6 people in here but if you really want to push it, you can probably fit 8 people here...with beds of course.  Go nuts and have people sleep on the floor if you must because it is very spacious!  The beds and comforters were super duper comfortable and the automatic curtains was totally amazing!  Looks can look so deceiving!  Sleeping throughout the night and into the morning, the room was still pitched black thinking that it was still night time!  I LOVED that feeling of it still being dark outside.  The bathroom was spacious as well. Wish that the shower was sort of private and secluded so that way, people can shower, as well as others can get ready as well.  The bathroom was secluded so that was a problem with no ventilation and if someone did their "business" it was not good ;)  With a nice mini suite like this, i would expect to have a fridge but sadly there was none because that definitely would have been useful to store our food so when we get our drunk ass back to the hotel, we would have food to eat!  Also with a nice place like this, no hair dryer?? What is up with that?!  Overall, pretty nice place to stay and it was great that they accommodated adjoining rooms for us!  NOTE:-housekeeping is a bit slow-lots of elevators to get to different floors
5	We just recently stayed at the Palazzo on Wednesday and Thursday night, 10-9 and 10-10.   We got very decent rates directly at Palazzo's reservation site, so we decided to try it.   Parking is fairly simple and it's a short walk and elevator ride to the front desk from where we parked in their parking garage.  The check-in line was only about 10 minutes long to checkin and the front desk person was very polite and cheerful.   They had plenty of staff checking people in even though it was a weekday.   Our room(more like a suite) was beautiful.   It's probably one of the nicest rooms in all of Vegas.   Huge and just gorgeous.  We did find a little bit of sand on one of the arms of our couch, and there was a little dust on part of the work/computer desk, but other than that the room was flawless and the bed was very comfortable.  Probably one of our favorite parts about this hotel+casino is that the walk from your room, to the elevator, through the casino, and out to the strip is fairly short.  Most other casinos create a mile-long maze and/or have a huge setback from the actual strip, but this place is much more convenient.   There were no billing issues during our stay.   They give you some coupons for some discounts and freebies, but we didn't take advantage of any of those.  Overall, very very happy with our stay and we'll be back.
5	Beautiful. Everything is beautiful here, very nicely done. Rooms are large, suites are larger, maid service excellent, room service is pretty awesome as well.Right across from the mall! Danger Will Robinson! The shopping in the Palazzo is pretty top notch as well.Shop around for deals, they are out there (room rates for un booked rooms) is the way to go, if you can.
5	Best hotel on the strip hands down (yes above Wynn...). Largest standard rooms in the city. Beautiful views. Gorgeous lobby. High ceilings. Easy access and parking. Premium restaurants. Great shops. So much space to take walks and explore. Just a fun hotel and a clean area of the strip. I suggest upgrading to their concierge level called Prestige!
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about this hotel, I have gone to Las Vegas more time then I can count for both business and pleasure - and this trip (for pleasure) certainly raised the bar for any other hotel there.Get the the concierge level. (so worth it!) -Starts with by-passing the regular check-in and heading directly to the 23rd floor where you are met with smiles And a glass of champagne, and then checked in within moments of arriving.  If your room isn't ready yet-you are escorted into the palatial club room, where all day softdrinks, coffee & snacks are available (yes free), a FULL breakfast is served in the morning and hors d'oeuvre and drinks (yes alcoholic) still FREE. Did I say hors d'oeuvres? I meant (MEALS) because what they serve IS good (and plentiful) enough for a meal, i.e. caviar, calamari, chicken, and so much more(not just chips & dip here)The rooms are incredibly beautiful, a bath to die for, views beyond what you would expect.  There are many different pool area's -most of which play music and every  type of music - just choose.  (My brother and wife enjoyed the Techno music area - I on the other hand moved to the pool with some soft rock to enjoy my say of sun.  There are jacuzzi's at every turn (so no waiting, no sitting in jam packed jacuzzi's here.)The Casino is beautiful, as most are in Las Vegas, the restaurants as well (though being there for the weekend - we actually filled up on the full breakfast and the enormous cocktail hour and with the exception of one night - we did not even Go and spend $ eating out.  We did however, grab a pizza downstairs (yummy and brought it up to the room and considering the L shaped couch AND the full table and chairs in the suite offered more room to dine than any restaurant...and did I mention the birds eye view of TI pirate show And the Mirage Volcano from our suite?  We HAD the restaurant with the best view just being in our suite!Service, Service, Service at every turn.  From the moment began searching reviews on this location and saw the head of Operations herself respond to most of all the comments with a "Thank you for staying", "please come back", etc....I was impressed...and so much more so once I arrived.  I left feeling as if I had a week long vacation and was pampered from the moment I arrived until the moment I checked out. This hotel is beautiful in every aspect and carries with it the amazing guest services from the Venetian - and goes Beyond...I felt relaxed, 'special', excited and enjoyed every moment.I saw nothing but smiles from every person working there, and friendly (not the frozen smile of some hotels) the concierge level-is even more so in that they cater to your every need within moments of asking for what you need/or want. (did I mention they sent up Birthday cakes for my Mom and Brothers Birthday?! did I mention the Chocolates on your pillow are actually displayed and given in beautiful satin bags? Wow! Every little touch of this hotel is FOR YOU and you feel it the moment you arrive!Amazing stay - Thank you PALAZZO and thank you to Kristen Diamond, Operations for caring about the guests that stay there!Viva Las Vegas - Viva Palazzo!
5	Time for a review update.  This place continues to deliver the goods and should be recognized for it.  All of my comments on my prior review are still valid.  In addition to them, here are some additional reasons why I love this place:+ It's very convenient if you're attending a conference at the Sands Expo Center.+ The suites are awesome here.  Very large and comfortable.+ The cabanas at the pool are very large and comfortable.  Perfect for groups who want to hang out and lounge all day.Overall, it's one of my favorite places in Vegas.Return Factor - 100%
2	Had lunch at the Grand Lux Cafe at Palazzo, waited 15 minutes before anyone came to table 15 to put in order, then 40 minutes to get food! And wasn't impressed with that! Will not return!
1	The Day crew in the Casino is flat out rude. I especially want to call out the nasty floor Lady who was working as a Pit Boss or Floor. I find it amazing that with that terrible New Yorker accent that she should be the last one to make derogatory comments about guests. I was observing her talking trash about the players to some of the dealers and then she goes up to them and asks them how they are doing. Very backstabbing. I really didn't care until she decided to start in on me. I told her I didn't appreciate it and she said "Why are you listening in on my personal conversations?" I replied I wasn't and suggested she reserve her comments for the break room. She gave a fake smile, went over to the computer and did something. Probably screwed up my play rating. Whatever. Selling off my LVS stocks tonight.
5	If you can afford it the rooms are well worth the money. Absolutely amazing. I never thought I'd need three televisions in my room, including the bathroom, but now I see why.
5	If you gave this hotel a negative review you are obviously impossible to please. This place is amazing. Everything from the rooms to the service wowed me. To be fair i booked this hotel at a very discounted rate, i normally dont spend anywhere near what the palazzo charges a night but i lucked out. Glad i did. Honestly this hotel is worth what they charge. Rooms were clean and elegant, the check in process was smooth and seamless, we were given a high floor with a strip view as well!! The restaurants were delicious. Maybe I'm easily impressed but the room was just amazing. 3 tvs, huge living area, comfortable beds, amazing bathroom, those blinds you control with a remote....and on and on. It is a bit further north on the strip but we were fine walking. Shuttle to the airport runs seven buck a piece each way and makes only one other stop which was right next door at the venetian. If you are looking for luxury this is the place. I cant wait to return.
5	LA LA LA LOVE THEIR ROOOMS! Definetly tops the Cosmo but i love the Cosmo due to their open patio.
5	I've stayed here a number of times.  The rooms are really nice.  It's always convenient to have an extended room...extra space where people can sleep on the couch/pull-out.  There's also a table where you can do work if needed as well as a desk.  The only thing I don't like about this place is that the bathrooms don't have any sort of covor for the glass walls for the shower.  So that means, when someone showers, everyone has to get out and stay out til that person is finished...unless that person is very comfortable in front of everyone naked hahaha
4	Not a fan of their parking garage, it's underground and confusing. You never know where you're going and where you'll end up. It would take a few times before you really know where you're going in the parking garage. They have a variety of high end shops and restaurants for guests. The room looks very clean and very well decorated. you could sleep 6 people in a room comfortably. It's a very nice casino to walk and to stay at, only the price is very expensive.
4	Really liked the place!
5	Oh Palazzo, you romance with me your beautiful high ceilings, large spacious and modern rooms and a lavish pool to top it off.  A group of us booked 2 suites here for Halloween celebration last weekend. The rooms were definitely spacious, and can hold up to 6 people per room if you get the Bella Queens (2 queens plus a pullout couch bed).  The rooms here are twice as spacious as other hotels, about 970 sq feet.  The decor is modern, clean, luxurious.  I felt like such a princess staying here.I heard about tipping to get an upgrade and when I was checking in, I held a $20 bill in front of my credit card at the desk.  I asked about any possible upgrades and she said they were $45 per room (we had 2 rooms).  Then she said, oh, I'll upgrade you to strip view.  When I asked if there is an extra charge, she said no, with a smile.  I slipped her the $20 and she said thank you and put it under her keyboard.  Score!Our view on the 21st floor was breath-taking.  I loved that we got connecting rooms for $11.20 more.  I think it's a bit ridiculous to charge a connecting room guarantee fee but since we got upgraded for such a little amount, I am not complaining.It amazes me that this hotel is so well ventilated that I didn't smell any smoke unless I was down in the casino floors.  I also love it's so close to the Wynn since that's one of my favorite hotels in Vegas because of how beautiful it is.I'd love to come back and stay a few more nights next time.
5	As a frequent international traveler, I've stayed in some of the finest Intercontinental Hotels for free in Istanbul, Hong Kong, Paris, Vienna, Sydney, etc.  And The Palazzo is my favorite 5-star Intercontinental Hotel in Las Vegas. As a heavy business traveler, I switched my allegiance from Hilton Hotels once The Palazzo became an Intercontinental Hotel property a few years ago so I could use reward points to always stay free. There is a separate check-in desk for The Palazzo & IHG Elite Rewards members which allows us members to bypass the regular front check-in desk with normal waiting queue 30 people deep.  This is incredibly helpful when checking in on busy Friday evenings and really makes you feel elite walking past all those poor people stuck in a long line.  Achieving Elite Rewards status should come with great perks!  Customer service, room and maid service are excellent.  I'm always provided with free massive Bella Suite on 22nd floor with complimentary upgrade to Strip view, and automatic late 2pm checkout.  Don't cheapen out - you should pay for a room with Strip view because it's worth the cost.  The decor is luxurious and modern.  I love the marble bathroom floors.  I enjoy laying on the huge couch pressing the remote to open/close the drapes, and raise/lower the fabric sunshade.  Oh, the little thrills in life.  I love using the large fitness center and numerous fabulous pool/hot tub areas.  The Azure pool club has great dance music and atmosphere.  The casino and shops are beautiful and very convenient.  There are terrific restaurants such as Delmonico Steakhouse owned by Emeril Lagasse.  I also enjoy venturing to the Palazzo's 5-star sister resort next door The Venetian via connected walkway to roll some dice.  You can't miss whether you stay at The Palazzo or the Venetian, but you can get lost within these massive luxury hotels.
5	I had a really nice stay at the Palazzo. The rooms are ample and beautifully appointed.The Palazzo is attached to The Venetian and they share 7 pools and several restaurants.Valet is free like every other hotel in Vegas. I accrue points at IHG and they are part of it so if you are a Priority Club elite member, you have a special check-in desk and will give you an upgrade.I would stay there again and highly recommend it.
3	i ve stayed there 5times- i play table games a lot.  all dealers are mean comparing to other casinos. also i noticed 95% of the dealers are asian, thats strange. - security at the elevators are very rude+ rooms are very very nice- you will wait at least 30 minutes to get your food at the palazzo cafe
5	This hotel earned a 5 star yelp review from me and my family. Not one complaint very high end. Will definitely stay there again!
4	[Off-topic: I'm VERY grateful to the No1DP for letting me tag along on his 2nd Vegas trip and giving me a chance to see what it's like working in his industry. I am also grateful that this trip was the best Vegas trip for both of us, and I've been to Vegas at least a handful of times since turning 21. You're a sweetheart :*]---The No1DP was in Vegas to attend a conference in Sands Expo and the conference offered a block of rooms in the nearby Venetian and Palazzo for the same price. Knowing this I suggested to him to get a room in the Palazzo knowing that it would be the more "contemporary" version of the Venetian (it was built later) and had more square footage in the standard suite. CHECK-IN:  As No1DP would be in workshops when I arrived from SD he told front desk to allow me to check-in to his room under my name. I was able to request room keys under my name with no hassle.ROOM: The main room is divided into two areas, the bedroom and the living area divided by a counter and two steps that lead into the living area. Room was luxurious and spacious, yet still keeping up with the Italianesque classical theme (if you want a more 'contemporary'-looking room stay at the neighboring Wynn/Encore). This is definitely a room that you can lounge around all day.Bed was quite comfortable, sometimes the No1DP and I found it hard to get out of bed! There's a TV across from the bed but there is no separate hookup for DVDs or a way to get signals from DVD box connected to the TV in the living room. Around the room there's lots of drawer, cabinet and counter space to put in your things. No1DP took this to his advantage and completely unpacked his luggage (I'm still the woman that leaves everything in the luggage so there's no looking for stuff 10 minutes prior to checkout)Living/work space is also ideal for lounging around. There's an L-shaped sofa with nearby counter and table space, perfect for eating meals around the couch. There's a TV with DVD player (doesn't play Blu-ray) along with a separate dining and working table. My only concern is that the stairs leading to the living space make it hard to transport room service food from the entrance to the living room area without having to pick up the individual items. BATHROOM/SHOWER: Bathroom was also very spacious and luxurious. The shower can fit two average-sized people. Loved that there are shower sprays on the side and you can transfer between shower heads at will. There's a TV mounted to the wall if you want to watch while using the bath. The bathroom amenities smelled quite nice and left a little-more-than-subtle ginger scent on the skin, which smelled quite nice on the No1DP (TMI, sorry).HOUSEKEEPING: They did a good job with the cleaning whenever we requested it (as we used the privacy cards for much of our stay). IN-HOUSE DINING: Japanese Breakfast ($28): Seared 7oz. Scottish salmon filet, steamed rice, miso soup, poached egg, pickled vegetables, nori, and green tea. You can replace green tea with coffee with cream/sugar. Though slightly pricey for an equivalent dish in other restaurants, it's a small price to pay for not getting out of your room. Salmon and pickled vegetables were decent, steamed rice was a little dry (No1DP and I are used to eating stickier rice for salmon) and miso was made fresh. Overall the No1DP and I enjoyed our stay and this will be an option if I want a luxurious yet classical place to stay and I foresee myself being at the hotel for much of my stay.
5	What a beautiful location! It's actually very much like the Venetian in Macau.The shops are beautiful and spread out. Even the jewelry stores make you feel like you should stop and take pictures.There are about 27 restaurants and if you take your time you will find some real great locations.Have fun! You won't be disappointed.
3	How I have not written a review for the Palazzo as many times as I have stayed here I don't know. I guess what happens in Vegas really stays in Vegas! Anyway, it is a great hotel, great location, the rooms are a good size and split between a sleeping and living room type areas. What I can't stand and why I don't stay here anymore is the bathroom lighting. It is so dim and so bad you can't do your makeup at all. It totally sucks.
2	My wife and I have been coming to either the Venetian or the Palazzo since the Venetian opened years ago. most of the time we have had good experiences however the last few times this has not been the case. We took a trip to Vegas for my Birthday and once again made reservations at the Palazzo Hotel. We reserved the Sienna View Suite so we could have a view of the strip. Upon arrival at 1:30pm we asked about the strip view and we were told that yes we will have a strip view however our room was not yet ready. We were ok with this and they said they would call us as soon as the room was ready. We went to one of the restaurants and had lunch anticipating that our room would be ready within an hour or so. After finishing lunch at 3:30 we walked around until 4:00pm at which time we decided to go to a bar and await the call for our room. At 4:20pm we decided to call the front desk and they told us they were sorry we had to wait so long but our room was still not ready and that they would find us another room. We once again reconfirmed the strip view. We then went to the room that they directed us. Upon arrival to the suite we found that unless you smash you face against the glass there was no strip view; only a view of the parking structures and the airport. This was upsetting as we tend to spend more time in our room than others and we like to have a view. Imagine a view room without a view. We then turned the TV on in the living room but it did not work. That was enough and we called the front desk to discuss the view issue and the TV. They sent a technician to our room who said the TV needed to be replaced. After discussions with the technician about the view suits he told us that for a view we should be in the 700 wing. News to us but that is not where we were. We were in the 800 wing. The technician was very nice and also called the frint desk to let them know we were not pleased with our room and the issues. We received a call from the front desk almost immediately and after explaining the situation they told us that there were not other rooms available until the next day but they would give us a discount on that night which we accepted with a caveat that we may want to move to the other room the next day.The next day we called the front desk at 8:00am and requested to be relocated to a view room at which time we were told that they were booked and no rooms were available. Really, that is not what we were told the day before. When I questioned this they told me that I accepted a discount and that the other room option was not available anymore. Wow. After further discussion with the front desk we were simply stuck in the room we were given with no view. What a waste of valuable time when you work 12-14 hour days and only get a short getaway once a year. We will be going elsewhere in the future as it seems the customer service is going down at the Palazzo.
4	WOW - What a beautiful spacious hotel room. I do not think that I can ever go back to another hotel after staying here. I sure was spoiled scoring a room here! Between the amazing decor, soft King size bed, to the TV in the bathroom (that had both a shower and tub) and the sitting/office area I was in heaven. And the staff couldn't have been more accommodating, helpful and friendly. Now this is how you should feel /be treated at every hotel. You defiantly feel like you are staying at a resort when you are staying at the Palazzo. I also really enjoyed the fitness facility, high end shops, and delicious restaurants that the Palazzo offers. I didn't get a chance to check out the pools, but I am sure they are just as amazing as the rest of the hotel and it's facilities. All around an amazing hotel!
2	First glance and this is a very striking place, but after 15 minutes on the casino floor, the smoke will burn your eyes and give you a headache!  They do have "smoke free corridors" for walking to and from the elevators, but it is not managed so you walk thru the smoke just to get to your room.  Very difficult for a non-smoker who is very allergic to smoke!The suite was nice and large, but the bed was uncomfortable, the A/C would not cool the room and the air was VERY dry.  The bathroom toilet made a "breathing" sound when filling and was noisy both in the room and from the room upstairs.Our last visit was to the Venetian and the rooms were much better, the beds were more comfortable and the toilet did not "breathe".This would not be a place I would try again for the price.  Too much bling and not enough class.
3	....
5	Hands down, my FAVORITE hotel on the strip!!! I'm spoiled by this hotel and it is the only place I want to stay when I go to Vegas! I have stayed at nearly every hotel on the strip, including Wynn and Encore and I think the rooms here are the best.This hotel is beautiful, upscale, and will wow you away with all the lovely Italian decor. I'm reminded of Venice when I come here... except it's much cleaner, lol. Venetian is the original building, while Palazzo is the new building. I've stayed at rooms at both. Rooms in the Palazzo are slighty larger, about 750 square feet, compared to 700 square feet for a standard room at The Venetian. Standard rooms include a living area and THREE TV's! One TV in the "bedroom", another in the "living room" and another in the bathroom. Living rooms also include a sofa that is actually a sofa bed. What I do not like, is that the cost of a 1 king bed and 2 queen beds are different prices, about $20 difference. If you are pleasant at check in, they may give you a complimentary room upgrade :)Anyways, I think this hotel has it all... except for the Vegas buffet!! LOL. Anyways, I always LOVE the decor here. There is a beautiful shopping area upstairs, with a gondola outside and inside the hotel. The people on the gondolas will sing... it seems very romantic, and hopefully, one day a guy will take me on it. It's kind of pricey though, about $30 a person, but you can get discounts. The stores are a mix of affordable and higher end stores, so shopping here is quite reasonable. There are also a variety places to eat from casual cheaper food court type places to high end restaurants. The only eatery missing is a buffet!The club Tao is also found here and it is also beautiful in there. It is located on the second floor of shopping and the club is 3 stories high including a rooftop pool area, which I like the best because I like to be out in the open at clubs. In the summer, it is also a dayclub called Tao Beach. You can also eat and Asian Fusion dinner at Tao and the first floor is actually a more lounge-like atmosphere. I would say that the club here ranks after XS at Encore however, which happens to be my favorite club in Vegas. But if you are staying at the Venetian, there is a separate entry line and you can get free entry passes from the conceirge desk. They also have a spa here, with fitness facility that includes rock climbing. using spa facilities will be $25 if you are staying at either the Venetian or Palazzo and about $40 if you are not. Lots of fun events ensue here. They have Carnivale in the fall and Winter in Venice in the winter. During both events, there are special performers, singers, and special decoration. I love the Winter in Venice decoration! It is just breathtaking beautiful!! During the winter, also if you gamble and earn enough points, you are invited to attend their Grazie Gifts Extravaganza. Trust me, compared to other hotels, they go all out for this. It is literally like shopping at a store. You check in and then go to another room to "shop". Write down what items you want, go check out and they will call you when they have your stuff pulled up and ready for you. While you are waiting, there is water, hot cider, hot cocoa, tea and coffee. It was my first time this year going and I can't wait for it next year!! Other hotels, it's just a computer that you order from...The main difference between Palazzo and Venetian is that the Palazzo has a non-smoking gambling section and that the rooms are a bit bigger. Price of the rooms are the same at either one. I suggest getting a Grazie card and using it to earn points! That's how I get my rooms comped here!! Wi-fi here is included in the room resort fee... just connect to it! Very easy!Stay here! You won't be disappointed!! I can't wait to go back ... and I just left yesterday!!!
5	Great hotel, awesome rooms and wonderful service. The lounge at the top was great, can't wait to go back!
2	Honestly this place is majorly overrated. I stayed in a suite and the furniture is super old, the heater would not work and they had to send someone to the room to fix it. the closet is super small, the towels had holes. I expected more but i was just disappointed. The wynn or encore are so much better.
4	This is a really good place to stay in Vegas. Great rooms, very comfortable, very large. There's no buffet, but there's a zillion great restaurants. There's no Starbucks, but there's Coffee Bean and Cafe Press, and you'll find one right by the guest elevators on the first floor, and the other right by the guest elevators on the second floor. I'm so happy we didn't have to walk 500 miles to get morning coffee.We avoided the Grand Lux Cafe; it's owned by Cheesecake Factory (and we weren't impressed by the one in Chicago). That is the tiniest of nits to pick, because there are literally more than a dozen fine dining restaurants between Palazzo and Venetian, most of which are owned/presented by celebrity chefs. Had more than one spectacular meal.
5	Out of the hotels I've stayed in Vegas - I really think this is my favorite hotel.Why?The Bella suites are awesome! In both the Palazzo and Venetian! It's two queen beds, a pull out couch, a seating area,and a great bathroom. Their bath products are ok, but who really cares about that? So you can really cram a bunch of people here. We got two bella suites next to each other. And you know what? We all fit and everyone had a bed. It was frigging awesome!!There are four or five different pools that you can go to. The largest one is right next to Tao beach where you can hear the music, but not pay for the entrance (except I've gotten in on guest list), and not deal with the hellish drink line. There are pools that are closer to Palazzo or Venetian, but since it's a shared property, you can go to either one. Just make sure that you have your key card. You get asked EVERYWHERE to show your card. I guess people try to sneak in or something. hah.....Easy check-in, check-out.Easy access to Encore/Wynn for XS, Surrender, Tryst, Encore Beach club. Look out for deals on Jetsetter, their website, and a few different voucher sites for better deals. I do wish they had a fridge in the room - but it's ok, there are ice machines.
4	Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!! The Palazzo is an awesome place to stay on the strip!Location and Parking: The Palazzo is right across the street from the TI and Fashion Show Mall on the north side of the strip. For arrival from the I-15, I recommend taking the Spring Mountain Rd exit and then going across Las Vegas Blvd to enter the parking lot on the right side of the road. As a note, Spring Mountain Rd becomes Sands Blvd on the other side of Las Vegas Blvd.  I found that there is plenty of parking either through valet or self-parking. The Palazzo is connected with the Venetian and offers plenty of restaurants, bars and shops in the Grand Canal Shoppes area located in between the two hotels.Room: Nicely done! My wife and I went with the regular suite with no strip view (least costly of all the suites/rooms). The suite provides over 700 sq. ft. of space and the layout is terrific. The sunk in living room/office/dining area off the bedroom part of the suite is really great. I was able to get some work done on my laptop using their WiFi while watching football games on the TV (multitasking at its finest). The bathroom has dual sinks, a vanity area, a separate bath and shower, and best of all a TV. Never missed a moment of football games since I was able to watch while showering! The bedroom came with a comfortable king size bed, a large dresser, two bedside tables, and the largest TV of all three TV's in the suite. Service: I believe in second chances when it comes to service. I have to admit our stay was off to a rough start when our room had not been adequately cleaned upon check in and then it was neglected to be cleaned at all during our second of six days here. So I called the front desk and explained the situation to a manager who quickly sent a cleaning crew to our room.  From that moment on, we had no problems with the cleaning services. Everyone I spoke to at the hotel was very polite, courteous and eager to help with any issue or question I had.  Casino: The sportsbook is super nice and I really like the stadium style seating with comfortable chairs, but I wish they would keep it open longer for their customers to enjoy. It ended up not really being a big deal since the Venetian sportsbook is open 24/7.We will be staying here again!
5	The Palazzo is almost like my second home.  No not really but if I were to have a place in the strip this would be the place! The hotel is beautiful and their service is excellent, it's a palacial setup with extraordinary decor, it's very comfortable and inviting.  It's not an uber large hotel/casino with plenty of free space and less crowds.   The location makes this place a great destination for it's located near the casinos and shows we like to visit.  They have some excellent restaurants and shops between the Palazzo and the Venetian.   We like how the two are tied together.  We've stayed at the Venetian but prefer the rooms and service at the Palazzo.    The service is amazing.  They are very accommodating and they will find a way to make your trip even more enjoyable.   This is a fabulous hotel and casino.  They are well worth the money and if you gamble to May even get a night comped.   I'm looking forward to see you at the tables here in the Palazzo!
2	The entire 16th floor including my room smelled like sewer gas (and we weren't the only ones saying this).  It was nauseating. We asked to be moved but the hotel was full. They sent up an air purifier; thoughtful, but did not help. We nearly packed our bags and went to a neighboring hotel.
4	Stayed here for two nights. I think its a good deal for sure. There are some things to note though:1) The rooms have soaps and lotion that are very perfume'ish. Left my skin mad dry. So bring your own if you're a hippy like me. 2) No fridge to store your stuff. 3) The $25 cost to use the spa is well worth it. Very very relaxing. 4) They have two gyms will full on free weights, squat rack, bench press, etc. Much better than any hotel's I've been to. 5) No buffet. So you'll have to get your snack on somewhere else if you're mad hungry. 6) The Walgreens in the building comes in very handy for cheap water bottles (the canteen in the casino charges $8 for a bottle).Some good some bad but overall I think its a good spot.
4	Really enjoyed my stay here! Got a deal from the jet setter website for a room for about 130$ a night. I had never been to the palazzo but I liked the location on the strip. I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived to our room. These rooms are HUGE!  It was absolutely beautiful, everything about the room was perfect. It had a lovely sitting area, 2 TVs, a huge bed, tub and desperate shower. The bathroom was beautiful and also large. The hotel was very clean and the staff were beyond friendly. Went to the pool area as well and it was large and looked nice. There was also a hot tub and a restaurant outside.One of the only hotels in Las Vegas that I would return for- totally worth the price!
1	This was a horrible experience from start to finish!  I brought my daughter to the Palazzo for her 21st birthday and we stayed at the 2 bedroom Lago suite which was beautiful and pricey ($1100.00 + a night) but hoped it would be amazing.  When I called to make the reservation the people on the phone were very unhelpful that should have been a sign.  When we arrived and got to the room it was beautiful but there was no coffee maker, no refrigerator (only the mini fridge so you had to buy everything), no complimentary waters and if you wanted music in the living area there was a $9.99 for 2 hour charge for that!  The first time we went to leave the hotel there cab line attendant told us the only way for the 5 of us to ride together was private car otherwise for a cab we would have to split up and it would be twice as much.  It was $60.00 to get to the shopping center in the private car then to come back we did all get into a cab and the ride was $18.00!  They supposedly have 24 hour room service well we ordered some at 1:30 in the morning they said it would take an hour we called 4 times and were repeatedly told it was on it's way, 2 1/2 hours later we called and told them to forget it - it never came!  We went to use the pull out bed and there were no blankets and no extra blankets anywhere in the room.  We had to call and wait 25 minutes for that!  We got no extra service for our $1100.00 a night and everything was mishandled for us during our entire stay.  I spoke to a manager 1/2 way through the trip to let them know what was happening and this was unacceptable for a 5 Diamond Hotel and all they did was credit me $100.00 for water and coffee.  They also said if I wanted music in the living area they would take that off.  There are so many other options in Las Vegas this was very disappointing and would never stay here again!
5	Stayed here for the second time while on a business trip. I doubt I could afford to stay here if the boss wasn't paying for it. This place is amazing. Great rooms, service that goes above and beyond. I've never had a complaint here. Given the chance, this is my choice of resorts on the strip.
4	Stayed for two days. Yep, huge rooms in a 5 star facility with sunken living area. You are offered a room up-sell upon checking in. Standard room seemed fine.Massively huge property, and handles the crowd well.Friendly staff, hotel and casino.Wi-Fi worked well and included in room rate.Odd:  3 digital TVs but no coffee maker in room. Small gripe:  you sign an agreement upon check-in to pay $75 if you check out late. Strict, inflexible, and guest unfriendly.Consistently good food. Drinks all premium priced by about 25% more.Hourly shuttle to airport, but stops running 6 pm (fee). Told by concierge that cabbies routinely ripoff tourists with $35 fare to/from airport.If you think this review with photos is useful, funny or cool, I'd appreciate ur feedback by clicking below.
4	Nice hotel. Although we check in at the Venetian more often since we love the pool better:)))
1	I put a client in this hotel to attend a conference.  I paid for the room using our company credit card and faxed over the necessary paperwork to authorize the payment.  The hotel accused me twice of not sending over a matching signature and harassed my guest, accusing them and me of fraud and threatening to kick them out of the room if they didn't receive a verified form of payment before 6pm.  The staff was so incredibly rude to my client that she was in tears.  I went back and forth with the hotel for approximately 3 hours before they finally agreed to let it "slide" b/c the address matched!!  Not to mention that the address matched 3 hours and two valid signatures ago when you were berating with me with false claims of illegal behavior.I will never ever recommend this hotel or put my clients in their establishment ever again!
5	Stood here on a few occasions.  Always have a great time here.  I have nothing bad to say.  Friendly staff and always an easy check in and out.  Super cool bell hop dudes. Always enjoy talking to those guys.  Rooms are always top notch!
5	Another great experience at the Palazzo. I prefer it over the Venetian when it comes to the hotel, but the casino is a bit lacking.  It just isn't very big.  Over my 3 day stay here I only saw 1 hand pay but the place never really got that busy.  Great options for food/shopping within walking distance at the shops or across the street at the Fashion Show Mall.
5	We had one night to stay in Vegas.  As a Platinum Ambassador with IHG, the choice was simple:  the Palazzo.  I made reservations via my Smartphone and got a good rate for a regular suite.Check-in was a breeze and we were given the complimentary upgrade associated with my IHG status.  We were also given a special app to download on our phones that gave discounts through the Palazzo/Venetian complex. Also, it was beautifully decorated for the holidays, which made it that much more special!Our room was massive; much more than two people need as there were 3 TVs!  Our room overlooked the strip and afforded amazing views of the mountains beyond the strip too.  I sat in the window and just looked out for quite awhile.  Security is also noteworthy, as only guests are allowed past a certain point, which made me feel super safe. The bed was amazing, and kudos to the bathroom set-up.  I loved having a vanity and the bathtub was sublime.  Our A/C was easy to use and our room was very comfortable and luxurious.  I loved being connected to the Venetian.  Again, having one night only in Vegas, we decided to stick to the complex for meals and entertainment.  We mostly gambled in the Venetian, as the casino there seemed larger (and had the Deal or No Deal machine I was scouting out).  We also ate over on that side at Bouchon and Otto Enoteca.  We did take breakfast at Canyon Ranch Grill, which was amazing. Service was snappy and friendly and I also appreciated the airport shuttle (faaaaaaaaaaaaar cheaper than the taxi and with a friendly, informative driver too!).  Loads of perks to stay here - just ask about them all!  Highly recommend!
4	What a great place.  The Palazzo and Venetian are linked, with a connecting hallway and a supreme shopping center, the Grand Canal Shoppes, so you know this is going to be a nice place.  Because the Palazzo is at the end of the mid-strip and only close to the Venetian and the Wynn, it doesn't offer nearby walking to other casinos without taking a good hike.  For that reason, I cannot give it an additional star.  But pretty sure if you stay here, you will love it.  My only gripes are that with elite rankings, the table games are on the high side and the rewards program doesn't get you much.  I've gotten free comps at other casinos but never here.  Without the comps, you will have to pay a lot to stay here.  So I usually stay in cheaper places and head here or the Venetian for shopping, gambling or eats.
5	I stayed here with my family in my first ever Vegas vacation.  The entire room is gorgeous inside and slept comfortably in the futon.  The bathroom was incredibly nice and it has a TV so you can watch your favorite shows while taking a crap.
1	They did not mind that my ID was expired while I was losing...as soon as I win, they take the winning and say I can't play then kick me out the floor... Wtf.
1	Very bad experience. We had a pretty good stay last time around so we booked again at the Palazzo and it was the start of a very unhappy experience.  It was the reunion for my wife and her two sister's families from overseas. To our disappointment, 2 out of 3 suits we were in started smell really bad from a kind of a greasy grill odor inside the entire room - to a point that felt like our clothes started to smell. When we called to ask to change the rooms, they changed us into another room that had the same problem. On the second complaint call the answer was the hotel was 100% sold out and they couldn't do anything but to provide an air purifier - that didn't do much against the rising odor from the vent itself - and that they were cleaning some systems!??Cannot recommend this hotel anymore. Very disappointed by the service and the manner the whole issue was handled that ruined the reunion trip for the sisters and the families. We will not stay here again.
4	Large, comfortable suites.  Great staff.  Bring earplugs as HVAC is a bit loud at night.  Otherwise rooms are perfect. $25 Resort Fee won't allow anyone under age of 18 into the gym, even if they're 17 years old and under direct supervision.  Room safes are excellent, with Edison plugs inside for charging devices.  Overall a decent hotel.
3	Claims to be a "green" hotel but you cannot use there refrigerator and do not have coffee makers in room. Went to Walgreens and bought a styrofoam cooler and coffee makers to be disposed of. How's that for green? Beware of removing items from room fridge cause it will automatically charge your room. For some reason the room/hallway has a faint scent of waffles. The curtains do block out the light which is great.
5	Simply beautiful, a real treasure to visit. Make sure you see the special show in the shopping area.
5	As a long time Vegas visitor, I haven't had one of these moments that I've been surprised like this. I gamble and gamble a lot where I decided to come with friends for the New Year Celebration as well as two 30th birthday celebrations. As a LA native, Vegas is one of those things we decide to go on a last minute decision with our attendance ranging anywhere from 5-15 times a year. I know, it's crazy. So I've been recently staying at the MGM, Wynn and Cosmo lately because of the ease to head back to our rooms at the better clubs. Why can't the Venetian build a new, better club! Help me, help you! Anyways, so we ended up getting a room here where I use to frequent this place a lot as I got 5 star treatment as a gambler here. I come with my buddies on this trip, decide not to do any comp stuff and just enjoy our time here. We get a connecting Sienna Suite with a connect room for a few friends. Nothing crazy but keep in mind we were still spending $1,000+ a night. Now, I know this isn't vegas baller status but it's also a good amount of money. We decided to stay here again since my friend and I were Intercontinental Ambassador members. So we come NYE and find out our rooms are connected. What's the point of this then right? We were pretty upset where either the IHG guys or Palazoo messed up. Either way, let's get it right? We stay at these nicer places because of the service they provide. After some long searching and apologizing, we're told that there's no other options for the night but they can look into it tomorrow. Not the way we wanted to celebrate a 30th bday celebration as well as New Years with separated room.I have to admit, I was pretty disappointed at this point as I always told people I loved Venetian and Palazzo. Fast forward to the next morning, we weren't able to get the room again and after some searching, they found a even better solution. A bigger, nicer way better room to make it up.What I loved the most wasn't the fact that we got upgraded as we've been in these rooms before but how the front desk Receptionist, Jonathan took control of it. The guys is young and with the help of him and is manager, they stepped up and proved why you stay at places like the Venetian. My friends were talking A LOT of crap after the first night where this really made up for it.Most importantly, I loved how Jonathan really understood we were there to celebrate with friends and wanted to be together. These days are numbered as we venture of to our families and careers where these moments are more and more rare. We were able to stay in this suite with all of our friends and just have a good time. I been a manager for several fortune 50 companies where I would love to have an employee like Jonathan. He stepped up, handled our fustration and made sure we were able to reach him throughout the moving and changes. I was really impressed how it turned out with Jonathan and his manager who really reinforced our faith in the Venetian. The truth is that many visitors have some many choices now where service like this is important. We know we're not the high rollers or whales but we appreciated being treated like value guests.
5	nice room,they lack of a buffet here,hot swimming pool A++
5	Been to Vegas since I was a small toddler and even for my brother, Las Vegas has sure changed in many ways. I have stayed in many casino and resorts, and the Palazzo is definitely the resort to stay at. We have been a loyal customer since the Venetian opened, then the Venezia, and now the Palazzo. I feel the Palazzo is better than the Venetian (after the venetian had remodeled). When I am at the Palazzo, I feel a bit of the Venezia Tower is there. The casino on the lower floor is very airy and I feel comfortable gambling here. Its definitely more comfortable than the Venetian. I feel the Venetian has changed and it's very crowded and warm there. The Palazzo is very laid-back and easy going. I love the ambience of what the Palazzo has to offer. The restaurants also bring a great vibe. I love eating at the grand lux cafe at the palazzo rather than the venetian. The palazzo is a great casino, overall. It surpasses the Venetian.
5	My sister in law booked us rooms here in the palazzo and it was beautifully stunning!! Everything was so beautiful here and the service was perfect! I can't wait to come here again!
5	This is one of our favorite hotels in Las Vegas.  The suites are large and comfortable with everything we need and a nice view of the strip.  There are so many shopping and dining options in the Palazzo and it is connected to the Venetian which is my favorite poker room.  I like that it is close to the Fashion Show mall and other nice resorts.  I also love the Canyon Ranch Spa which is probably one of the best spas in town.
5	Palazzo is hands down my favorite hotel on the strip! My cousin and I were both in Vegas at the same time. She stayed at MGM and paid the same amount for a room half the size. Palazzo has such a friendly staff, huge rooms, and amazing decor. Can't wait to comeback!
3	It's definitely not the Encore or Wynn. The spa is lovely. The gym has great equipment but no bottled water. The rooms were okay but seemed dated. The whole sunken living room idea seems very 1970. Getting help from the concierge was a bit frustrating as they were at capacity. They were able to accommodate a late checkout, which was appreciated but I would not choose to stay here again as I think there are several Vegas properties that are much nicer.
4	The weather in Chicago has been so unpleasant that I needed to pack my bags the other night and head to Vegas.  I have stayed at the Palazzo before and have been generally pleased.  Upon arrival I was up to my room in under 20 minutes and at the Blackjack table within 40 minutes.  This is a large property, but it doesn't take you forever to get from point A to B.  The casino hosts a pleasant clientele (ie:  not too much riff raff).  Bouchon is always a good choice for breakfast and they also have a small take out counter if you're strolling in from a late night on the town and need a pastry or croissant to settle your stomach.The sports book / lagasse restaurant is good, not great.  I have been in the summer before and enjoyed the cabanas at azure, but I do feel a bit old and out of shape for the pool party.  Whatever, order one of the giant punch bowls and you will feel fine after a few.Finally, the rooms are A-OK.  I have been in the standard rooms and they are nothing note worthy.  This trip I was in the sienna tower which seemed a little roomier and was comfortable. This is centrally located and there is plenty of shopping to distract your wife if you're on a hot streak.Wifi sucks here!  I complained and they comped my resort fee.
4	clean, big, quite... good thing for me was there are 2 gyms. it was whole lot better than 24HR fitness center.
4	What's LEFT is RIGHT and what's RIGHT is LEFT. This is Europe, folks. Italy. Escalator heaven, oodles and oodles of noodles, canals and fake sky. oh-oh, and the floral scent. Don't get me started with hotel/casino scents.The Palazzo is my most visited hotel/casino in Vegas and I'm NOT sick of it. It's a good breakaway from the MGM/Mandalay/NYNY/Excalibur 'bubble."The Palazzo and Venetian are connected. Two hotel/casino's as one...with two floors of entertainment, great food and fun. Level one is Casino's, restaurants and bars. Level two is shops, more restaurants and more bars.Hey, sports fan.... located on the Palazzo side is Lagasse's Stadium (formerly Jay-Z's 20-20 Club). Lagasse's Stadium is the most amazing, plush sports oriented environment I've ever seen. Check it out. Not easy to find. On the Venetian side, the sports book has the clearest big screen in Vegas, but the seating consist of private booths. Not the best seating for your average audience. It's a damn shame.During the summer, I may chose Mandalay or MGM for the pool.
4	Fantastic resort to stay at while in Vegas. I stayed twice this year, the rooms are top notch, the service is great, even the room service food was fantastic. The only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is that they can be a bit too pricey so make sure to look for deals and if you can find some to be had then by all means go. You have access to so many things onsite between the Palazzo and the Venetian.
4	I just finished a week stay at the Palazzo for the first time.  My agent asked if I wanted to book a room on the concierge floor and I decided what the heck. After working all day, it would be nice to wander down in very casual clothing to lounge with a drink and some snacks.Check in was a breeze and the room was clean and in good repair. I asked for a mini fridge for medication and although it looked as though it had survived life in a frat house, it was adequate and I wasn't charged additional fees- unusual for Vegas where EVERYTHING costs more.The beds are pillow-topped and very soft. People with back issues beware. I asked the concierge if there were firmer beds and he arranged for housekeeping to insert bed boards between the mattress and box spring which helped tremendously. My main bitch- and this is with hotels in general- is the lack of fitted bed sheets. Those flat f@@kers never stay tucked in which IMHO affects the entire sleeping experience.Housekeeping was accommodating and I agree with an earlier review that the towels are in dire need of replacing.Room service was expensive and okay. The best was the shrimp cocktail, the crab cake and the Caesar salad. I worked my way through the menu 7 nights bc I became ill halfway through my stay :(.... So FYI the chicken noodle soup was tasteless.The gaming floor was never very crowded.... Kind of indicative of the current economic climate. But I liked that they offered complimentary gaming lessons during slow times which can help a timid or unskilled player have more fun. Carpeting on the gaming floor looks like it's due to be changed. Smoke level was moderate.I was able to check out on the concierge floor as well as print out my boarding passes. WiFi worked well in my room which enabled me to keep up on my work.All the bellman were courteous and efficient. I left Super Bowl weekend and there were several repairmen on my floor tidying up before the huge influx of people. They were also very courteous and friendly and conscious of how much noise they were making. My floor-23 was probably the quietest floor I've ever been on in Vegas. Perhaps it was just luck.
4	I am practically a local since I've gone to Vegas about a million times. Even the smallest suite is pretty large. Always get a complimentary  upgrade when I'm in town. This hotel is very gorgeous and thank god it's so close to Tao. Very clean, staff is very helpful and always teach me the tricks of the trade.
5	Years of visits and never disappointed. Every employee seems to be eager to help and serve. Never seems like they are too busy to help. I'm amazed that they do everything so well on such a large scale. Rooms are large, location is great. Concierge level "Prestige" includes breakfast, dinner snacks and open (premium) bar from 5-7. Recommended if your into that sort of thing.
4	The Palazzo is amazing.  It is a little pricier than the venetion, but it has pretty much the same amenities.  The rooms are almost identical, except that in the Palazzo everything seems to be gold plated (bling, bling)!  Staff is awesome and extremely accomodating.
5	The new addition to Venetian and its sister property, Palazzo is located on the northern side of the Las Vegas strip. Fantastic scents line the hotel and casino as you make way through this large property. Rooms are great, service is excellent, shops are definitely among the best in the world with the Grand Canal just next door. Dining options are plenty as well. Since its a bit north of the lower Vegas casinos, its a bit more upscale and less shady.
5	Accommodated me checking early at 8am. All suites in this hotel. Mine included 2 queen beds, living room, dining room, personal printer copier scanner, and a tv in the bathroom. Very nice place with lots of shopping, dining, and entertainment attached to hotel.
5	Awesome vibe and very handy that it is connected to the Venetian! Central location was great. Very friendly customer service and maid service. I would definitely recommend it!
4	The palazzo is a great place to say. They have great free valet parking. The only confusing part was when the bill came our friends stayed an extra night but instead of charging them for the room in which the room was under there name they charged my credit card in which my name was not on the room. This was very unfortunate and inconvenient as I did not give them an ok to do this. We love Las Vegas so we will be back we probably will not stay here again tho. Rooms are beautiful.
5	Love this hotel and The Venetian.  Stayed here several times in the last 3 years.  I always love going to the pool.  Morels Rest. has excellent stakes and great wine selection.  The lobby is beautiful and connection to the Venetian makes the walking experience great.  The beds are comfortable and the bathroom are big. TIP TIP TIP;  When going from the Airport to your Hotel on the Strip...tell the taxi guy to NOT take the Interstate...take back streets - you get there faster and cheaper.
5	I've stayed at a few hotels in Vegas and The Palazzo has to be my favorite. It's the best of every world...perfect location on the strip with easy access to the Venetian (it's connected) so you have direct access to restaurants, clubs and casinos in both hotels, not to mention access to the Venetian's many pools which is AWESOME. What can I say about the rooms? Well, all of the rooms are suites and they are just gorgeous and VERY clean. Lots of space with a comfy living area for chill out time. Can't wait to visit the Palazzo again!
4	Wonderful suites, connected rooms, clean, modern. Very nice.
5	I absolutely love the Palazzo.  It is one of the nicer hotels on the strip, at least in my opinion.  It is so convenient and the pools are so much fun not to mention the fact that it is also connected to the Venetian.  So it is like you are getting two hotels in one.  They have several pools on site and also Tao day club, which is not all that great, way too crowded.  Like I mentioned before the Palazzo and Venetian are connected so if the Palazzo pool is too crowded you can always just walk over to Venetians pool or vice versa.  My group and I stayed at the Bella Queen suite, check in was a breeze.  It was fairly quick and we were given a coupon booklet and some offers for the day club that they have there.  I love the rooms there.  They are incredibly spacious and the beds are very comfortable.  The room is split up into three parts.  There is the bathroom which is accessible through double doors on your left when you first walk into the room.  Then you have the beds area, which has two queen beds a little mini fridge in front if the beds.  Fair warning, they do not allow you to put your own things in the fridge and charge you if you remove what they have inside.  There is a sensor that notifies them if you remove the products inside the fridge.  There is a flat screen tv above the mini fridge area in front of the beds.  The last part is the sunken living room which is a few steps down from the beds area.  There is another tv there along with a L-shaped couch that folds out into a pull out bed and also a business area with a phone and a printer.  My favorite aspect of the room though is the bathroom.  Ladies, the Palazzo Bella suite bathrooms are the best bathrooms to get ready in.  They are huge, we managed to fit 5 girls getting ready, pretty comfortably in the bathroom and the best part is there are mirrors everywhere in the bathroom.  They have a mirror above the bathtub.  A full mirror that runs the length of the bathroom where the sinks are and also a nice little vanity with a chair by the doors to the bathroom.  The best bathroom ever to get ready in, mirrors everywhere, awesome lighting and so much room to unload all the makeup, fake lashes, hair extensions, curling irons, hair spray and all that good stuff.  5 stars well deserved!
1	I'm a gold Grazie member so I've been here several times. My husband and I planned a trip to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary. We married at The Venetian so naturally we wanted to stay there or Palazzo. I usually get a pretty good hotel rate as a gold member. But because there was some big convention at the hotel during our dates, they didn't offer me any kind of discount. Ok, fine. So I emailed guest services and asked for a suite upgrade and explained our reason for our visit. I even said I don't care about the view. I have done this in the past. Usually just for small requests such as a high floor or to put a humidifier in the room. They have my history and know I don't ask for a lot. I just wanted something special for our anniversary. I was told it wasn't possible. And they didn't even offer anything else as an alternative such as a free upgrade to Prestige or hotel credit. There are tons of things they could have done if they really wanted to. And this is in the middle of their website hacking incident so I'm getting a little nervous about the fact that it took them a week to get only a basic shell of their website back up. And I'm getting more and more irritated by the lacking customer service.So I'm paying full price for the basic suite and as a gold Grazie member who has been a loyal customer for 10 years and they can't be bothered to give me the time of day.I searched around online and for the same price that I was being charged at Palazzo, I found a much bigger and nicer suite at Bellagio. I wrote their guest relations department and explained the purpose of my visit and admitted that I was a longtime Palazzo/Venetian customer. They responded to all of my requests quickly, within hours. They put us in a beautiful suite. It was 1,000 sq feet and had 2 full baths in the bedroom plus the living room had a powder room. I couldn't believe it was the same price for what I had booked at Palazzo.Our stay at the Bellagio was amazing. It made me see how the service has really slipped at Palazzo/Venetian. The room service breakfast arrived when they said it would. Food was hot and really, really good (try the pancakes). The housekeepers came by twice a day yet it seemed like we never saw them and their carts in the hallways. The suite was immaculate!! You didn't see dirty plates sitting in the hallway. When we requested new pillows, they were delivered immediately. The light went out in the makeup mirror in my bathroom and it was replaced right away. These are things that are sadly missing at Palazzo/Venetian.I'm sad to say that I don't understand how they keep their 5 star rating. And I never thought I would consider staying anywhere else. But I seriously doubt I will be staying there again. They really need to get back to the way they used to be. Thanks to their lousy customer service and insanely high prices, I found a new place to stay in Vegas that truly is a 5 star hotel.
4	The Palazzo is a beautiful resort with amazing suite rooms.The rooms are very very spacious and decorated very nice!The pool was closed when I was there, so I was not able to check that out.The hotel is VERY VERY clean and the smoke-free sections are very nice.Be prepared to spend here - the "cafe" for breakfast can easily run you $50 for two people.Overall - I def would recommend the Palazzo to someone looking for a classy stay in vegas with a higher budget.
5	I absolutely LOVE this hotel! Staying here for a week long work conference and so far it's been wonderful! The suite itself is elegant, clean and has a modern home feel to it. The rooms are equipped with double beds, two televisions, a small fridge stacked with drinks which of course are not included. The room has two steps from the bed to the window. The couch, desk, coffee table and second television are located bottom of the steps near the window. The restrooms are adorable with a shower stall, and good sized bathtub that I would definitely be using if I had time lol. I love how they supply two bathrobes! I am definitely coming back here.
4	This is my favorite hotel. I've stayed here multiple times because they are reasonably priced compared to other hotels on the strip, conveniently located & have tons of places to shop & dine. The best part are the size of the rooms-a room with 2 queen beds and a living room with a L-shaped couch can fit up to 6 people. The bathroom is large enough for a bunch of girls to get ready in at once. Also like to to mention that there are a plethora of mirrors & outlets which is so great! (I once had to do my hair using my reflection in the window when I stayed in Planet Hollywood, ugh never again)Also right across the street from Fashion Show mall, just take the walkway. Oh and try the restaurant Cut while you're there too.I've recently stayed in Aria, Luxor, Excalibur & Treasure Island...... Palazzo still remains my fav. I would definitely recommend staying here!
5	The rooms at the Palazzo are quite luxurious and spacious. The bathroom is huge. Comfortable bed - although the pillows are somewhat small. Internet service is fast & reliable (which is becoming rare in hotels). The coach in the tv area is huge and comfortable. The casino is practically smokeless. You can spent the entire night there and your clothes won't smell like smoke. Decent eats. Overall great experience.
3	The Palazzo is really nice on the outside and pretty nice on the inside. There is a waterfall, some nice displays and access to the shopping mall that the Palazzo shares with the Venetian. I just didn't find the palazzo special in any way. It seems to be a kind of convention hotel where the rooms and hotel are setup to support conventioneers attending conferences. I didn't think that any if the restaurants we visited (especially Morels) were very good, but all of the restaurants were outrageously priced (see my reviews).  I did not try all of the restaurants to be fair but the ones I did try were expensive and not really great. Nothing bad to say here, but nothing really good either.  Not a bad place to stay if your here for business, but if you're looking for special treatment, I'd look elsewhere.
5	There is no other hotel better than Palazzo.  I live in LA and going to Vegas for 25 years and have tried every hotel - mostly the higher end ones and have fallen in love with this one for many reasons.  For what you get, it's the best deal in town.  Super spacious rooms - great for big groups, very clean and high class feel.  Love the pools and Azure pool cub especially rocks!  The service all around is superb - whether you're at the pool, spa, gambling, restaurants - the people that run this hotel are top-notch when it comes to customer service.  The prestige level is worth the extra money.  A sweet breakfast spread and great lounge/bar environment where you can chill and regroup.  It's a memorable experience going to this hotel.  You really shouldn't have to leave, unless for a show, because the restaurants are amazing - tried BOUCHON and SUSHI SAMBA last weekend ....  both amazing and exceed expectation.  Fois gras at Bouchon is orgasmic.  I also love the location being connected to the Wynn and Encore.  I've stayed here many times and just getting around to writing a review because my last weekend stay was above exceptional and all the girls in my group commented on the superb hospitality of the hotel.  The head of Food and Beverage for this hotel, Sebastian, is a gem!  He will help you with any special requests and always with a smile.  If you haven't tried staying at Palazzo, do it, you won't be disappointed.  I also think it's a more mature hipster crowd, rather than young chaos crowd ....  just my two cents!
4	This is a great hotel. Everyone is friendly. There fast to check you in. They have a variety of food. Tv on the bathroom was the best. Relaxation!! But what I did not like was that I bought a cheesecake and wanted to save it for later but the fridge that they have is full of wine and beer that I do not like. I could not put my food in there. I had to waste the food. But everything else was great. Will recommend. And will come back here.
1	Although the room is beautiful and comfortable, the air quality is awful! I stayed 6 nights for a conference and my nose and lungs got so bad. I got a bloody nose several times and my chest hurt. I was not sick. Several others from my team had the same problem. I understand that the desert air is dry, but after I left that hotel/conference center and was in the airport, my nose felt better. I have been home for 3 days and my lungs/chest still hurt and I'm coughing a lot. They need to clean the filter system! Yuck. Don't want to stay there again.
5	The Best. My husband and I love staying at the Palazzo for many reasons. Beautiful suites with extremely comfy beds for one thing; large tubs, marble showers for another. Large closets fit everything we pack and house those white fluffy robes I love so much.Valet parking is quick, easy and efficient. The service is impeccable. Guest services, bellhops, check-in people are accommodating and polite. Best of all, the room rates are EXTREMELY reasonable compared to any other hotel in its class. Visited a room that cost twice as much in the Bellaggio which was half the size of our palatial suite at palazzo and would NEVER trade.Pros: WiFi in every room; 3 tvs; pools; Canyon Ranch; attached to the Venetian, another excellent property; GORGEOUS; large clean suites; outstanding service.Cons: ? Can't stay here forever I guess. Sometimes we have to go home.
4	I have very much enjoyed staying here. Beautiful hotel, great staff and easy to and from fashion show as that's the reason why I was In Town for work for the last 6 nights of my stay here. Great casino and nothing to  crazy with partying but that's perfect for me as I was here for work and the restaurants and lounges were perfect.
5	Was here again for a trade show.  Our rooms got canceled by the booking agent and Suzanne, the front desk Manager, was able to get us rooms!  Thank Goodness!!Again, the only drawback is the smell of food in my room.  I don't get it.
3	MehThis place is okay. I know it is the sister to the Venetian, but for some reason the Venetian's beds seem far more comfortable (I have stayed many times)So here are the pros:Free valet parkingQuick entrance from parking into the lobbyReasonably quick entrance from the lobby to the room areaDecent securityFast elevatorsFree InternetSeparate living room and office areaLots of spaceRoom service is decently quickHousekeeping is thoroughCons:The couple of times I have stayed here, the bed was uneven. Higher on one side than on the other, and very uncomfortableOld towels LOL run down with frayed edges.Internet is slowShopping is just so so even though they boast itRoom service is very very very expensive. ($50 for one person for breakfast)The place is appearing rundown inside the suitesValet is pretty slow even on a day that isn't busyThe pools. Both Venetian and the Palazzo pools kind of suck. There aren't many tables, the pools are very cold, and the crowd is the "don't really want to look" crowd. Not hot!Almost no service by the pools either.Here's what I think they need to do:Provide a separate blanket for the couch. I know I know. Would go along way to making the living room feel cozy after a long night.Reconsider the price of room service.Replace all of the towelsReplace the bedsProvide power outlets next to the bedroom nightstand for devicesHave the pool service people actually come by and service people. For three hours, not one person came by. People next to me were asking workers where the servers were and they just kept shrugging. One guy emptying the trash said there was only one server working all of the pools that day. Do some TLC to the rooms. They're looking run down - like their guests do after a long night of partying.If you have a choice between this place, Wynn, encore or cosmopolitan, I would personally suggest Wynn, encore or Cosmo. There is a reason that those hotels sell out quickly and this one ... not as fast.It's just "ok". Overpriced for what you get unless all you care about is a lot of square feet.
5	We had a great stay in the two queen suite. The room also had a L-shaped pull out sofa sleeper. The couch is actually more comfortable than the pull out, but that is usually expected. The bathrooms were very clean as well as the room in general. We had a great view of the golf course from the 40th floor for no extra charge. I would recommend this hotel and I will stay there again.
5	First time staying here for the ISC West convention. Beautiful hotel!! Every room is a suite.. I had 3 TVs in my room that I didn't even use. They had an issue with one of my coworkers reservation but that was her fault with the different names she uses. Besides that, great stay, nice gym. I didn't get to use the spa or the outdoor pool (too cold) but will be back for next years convention for sure!!
3	One time I stayed here back in Sept 2012, we walked in our room and it was absolutely dirty. Dirty diapers and unmade beds. We had to drop off our things and have room service clean our room up. A couple hours later it was ok. Now it's April 2014 and we walked in and our room was just fine. But room service did walk in while we were just relaxing and they apologized and walked out. Service was ok and the casino floor was fine. Nothing to rave about.
1	Ranked as one of the Top 25 Hotels in the continental US?  Really?  We were there for a conference and felt that the added features of a full office set would come in handy, as the upgrade to the Prestige Lounge.  While the Prestige Lounge was wonderful and worth the upgrade, the rest of our stay was riddled with issues.When we got to our room, the marble everywhere was filthy.  And it just went downhill from there, it started as little things and as they added up it became bothersome.   Dirty carpets where our pants collected the dirt and dust.  Remote control for the curtains had the battery low and we could not fully use this feature.  The area where we could plug in our phones behind the night stand was full of dirt and dust and I did not want to put my hand in there.  The printer toners were low and then the paper ran out.  It seemed that the room wasn't verified as "clean" and "ready" for a new set of guests when we arrived.  In addition to this, while they knew that we were two colleague women sharing a double queen room, the slippers were sized for a man.  It took them a day to get us the right slippers.  This wouldn't be an issue if we felt comfortable walking in stocking feet or barefoot.  During our stay, towels were not refreshed correctly, we were lacking washcloths several days.  Then a bath towel was provided as a bath mat.  Then as the room was cleaned, all of our bathroom products were moved and not placed back as found - my colleagues items where moved to my side an mine to hers.  We had placed everything on towels as we didn't trust that the room was clean.  I had to take stock of all my products nightly to make sure that they were all there.  This would be a minor annoyance if it was the only issue.  In the bathroom, the wall paper was peeling and there was dirt in the crevasses of the water closet.  The check out process was a nightmare that I am still dealing with it.  We spent nearly a week at the Palazzo, so our charges were substantial.  The day before we were set to check out, we went to double check that the charges were correct, and they weren't.  They had the entire stay on my colleagues account, and the upgrade fees on my account.  The concierge desk said that everything would be fixed and we would get folios emailed to us.  We also set a time for the bell hop to come by in the morning to pick up our bags as I was presenting a session late morning and we had a flight within two hours of the end of my session.  We changed our mind on the time, and this was not communicated to the bell hop team.  Luckily, they came back to the room as requested.  After breakfast, we went to check to confirm that the charges were corrected and to request our folios be printed out since they were not emailed as requested.  The charges were in a SNAFU state, while they assured us that they would be correct, the folios still had the last four digits of my account! They double charged my card for the WRONG amount - to the tune of $300 per double charge (concierge gave us a minimal credit for the issues above).  They insisted it was correct, even showed me the screen with my colleagues charge card number!  Upon checking today, we found that the charges were incorrect and that the notes we left with all the issues listed above still had not been reviewed.  So right now, 3 man hours later (1/2 hour each on Friday, and 2 hours today), the issues are not resolved and I have not received a resolution to all of these issues.
4	I love the Palazzo. The location is great and guest service is always good. With that being said, I can see where the shortcomings are. First, the rooms are very nice, but can get dusty very quickly. I understand this given the environment and weather but there should be better filtration and circulation to alleviate this issue. Also, getting items brought up to the room can take a lifetime!! We called for towels twice and waited over an hour the first time only to be told that the towels had been "dispatched". The room service rates are absurd but that's par for the course in Vegas. In addition, they like to tack on miscellaneous "extras" to your bill so be sure to check it and finalize it BEFORE you leave. The positives are clearly the location and the shopping. The Palazzo is centrally located to just about everything and has a lot to do onsite. If you stay definitely get an upgraded room/suite. If your going to pay the money to stay there you may as well spend a few extra dollars and be able to really stretch out.
5	I have stayed at The Palazzo countless times and have always enjoyed myself. The rooms are decorated nicely and they have great room service food. The drinks in the casino have always been top notch, they don't skimp on the alcohol just because it's "free". I ONLY like to play video keno and ONLY on Game King Multigame machines. I've noticed they are becoming harder to find, not just at Palazzo, but anywhere. Some casinos don't have ANY and have replaced them with exclusive keno machines. Still, I can usually find what I'm looking for at Palazzo, even if I can't always sit next to my boyfriend. PLEASE don't take away any more of them, Palazzo! The people that tend to sit for hours on end play Game Kings!
4	I am only rating the experience based on time in the casino room due to fact I have yet to stay in room. The casino floor is a all out nice lots of gambling to be had, from floor games to slots and nice poker room.Ended up playing 1 cent slots for about 2 hours continually winning even hit a nice 1,100 in pennies win. Non smoke or if there is smoking you couldn't really tell.Very clean and lighted up nicely you can see what your doing. Negative some of the casino games are louder then I have ever seen. Will be back to play though.
4	Room is amazing and HUGE.  really clean as well.  they take good care of the property.  gaming area is very tight, and slots SOOOO close together.  very crammed when crowded.  good selection of slots tho!  i didn't stay here, just got to see the room.  very impressed.
5	Love love love this place. Love the pool Love the casinoLove the staffLove the roomsLove the service
5	Staff is very responsive.  Hotel is very nice with sunken living room and 3 TVs which makes husband happy.  Classy people at a classy joint.  Casino isn't smokey.  Gave us late check out without a problem.  The Palazzo pool cabanas are really beautiful and our server Raul was great, cute and attentive.
3	Hotel is beautiful. Service is great. My only complaint is the room itself. We booked a two bedroom suite. And for that price, I was expecting a more spacious room with a kitchen along with a fridge and a microwave. Got none of that. During this same trip, I stayed at a different hotel for less than $100 a night and the room was huge with a full kitchen and living room, plus two baths! Just bummed that we didn't get the same amenities at this hotel for the price we paid. But, the bathrooms were quite spacious. It had a shower plus a bathtub and the toilet is in it's own separate room I guess you could say. Wouldn't mind staying here again, but only if I got a deal or something.
4	Got two connecting suites on the 45th floor. Nice view!...its just the farthest room from the elevator. The suites here are very spacious for a small group. But since we got two connecting suites it was more than enough room for a group of 8The only thing I have to point out about the room is their AC unit. You do not need to make an unnecessary loud beep from the push of the buttons lol I was trying to adjust it while everyone was sleeping...awkward. The bathroom and living room is the nicest feature of the suites. I definitely enjoyed my weekend stay here.Also, don't forget to leave tip for your housekeeper!
4	Love staying here! Especially if you have a big group of people.  View is amazing and the whole suite is just very comfy.  The pool here isn't bad either.
5	This is the sister property to the Venetian Hotel and is all suites!  I had a perfect experience and would highly recommend staying here when in Vegas.  It has everything including several restaurants by highly acclaimed chefs.
5	Five Star accomodations in relationship to its 2.5 Star prices.  This place has incredible value in possibly the best location on the strip..... Grimaldi's, Table 10.... great food at reasonable prices.  Its all good!
5	I love staying to this place. From check in to check out, hotel staff make you feel special and taken care off. The price is reasonable for the great service.
5	This hotel is top of the line. The rooms are awe inspiring when you walk in. The bottom of the barrel rooms are huge. The pool area is great. They have actually changed the pools in the past two years, but still nice, although I liked them better when they had the chairs in the water. I also love the black jack tables at the pool. Some of the best around. Restaurants in the hotel are great. Carnevino is unbelievable. Just be prepared to pay for it. Best place in Vegas to stay if you can pay for it. Not most expensive, but higher than average. Casino does not stink like smoke which is nice as well.
3	"Room with a View"When my parents visit they split their stay between my place and The Strip. Usually they roost at Bellagio or Wynn but this time they booked Palazzo. Check-in went well and the room was very nice. Bathroom on the right when you enter followed by the bedroom and sunken living room--complete with sectional couch and hassock. The window offered full views of the Wynn's golf course, as well as the city and mountains to the east. It was nice sitting there at sunset sipping cocktails, watching as the shadows of Wynn and Encore crept across dark green fairways. The pool area at Palazzo was okay, plenty of swimming holes but none very large or inviting. It was all kind of cramped and loud. Not my style nor that of my parents. They liked the room and location, however; yet I'm unsure whether they will room here again. As for me, I would not book a summer stay-cation here. The pools just left much to be desired.
4	Good hotel for Batchlorette parties. The suits are nice, the extra room when sharing a room with four girls is a luxury.
5	This is a great place.  The casino is well maintained.  The sports book is awesome!  They have a lot of shops and stuff to see.
4	This is similar to The Venetian. I think a few square feet bigger but I honestly did not really notice that difference.  Mildly different decor but floor plan is the same. We did get a suite with a view of the pool so that was a bonus.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE The Palazzo. I stayed here from a Saturday-Tuesday and had an amazing time! MY boss took us to Las Vegas and since he is a high roller we were living in the laps of luxury for the weekend. When we arrived at the airport there was a driver and a limo waiting for us. Upon our arrival at the hotel we were stunned at how beautiful the lobby was. There were huge fake flowers that were so pretty (not tacky) that lit up the entire space. The lobby was hustling with many people (bachelorette parties, couples, and groups of friends/family.) Everyone seemed to be having a good time and it perked me up immediately.  It didn't think it could get any better until we headed to our rooms.....but it did!!When we put the key in the door and it opened our jaws dropped to the floor. The first thing I noticed was the great view of Treasure Island from my window. It was a huge room with 2 comfortable queen beds and a sitting area that was located a couple steps down from the beds. The bathroom was INCREDIBLE! There was a glass shower and a nice big tub, on the other side of this huge bathroom was a makeup table/vanity with a lighted mirror. Then there was a huge counter with double sinks but I was wondering where the toilet was. To my surprise, there was a water closet that was separate from the rest of the bathroom. This was great because if you are sharing space with friends and family they can get ready while you use the bathroom. Also, there was a TV in the there! The bathroom had double doors....DOUBLE DOORS!! The seating area had a pull out couch and a TV. The queen beds also had another TV which was awesome. 3 TV's in one room?? Not really necessary but AWESOME! There was also a lot of closet and drawer space if you need to stow your clothes and belongings. I would 100% stay there again...and again and again! If you want luxury, then stay at The Palazzo! It is a short walk from the busy part of the strip (Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, and Caesar's and Bally's) but, its not a far walk.
5	This place is incredible. Amazing suites (all rooms are suites & get bigger), with 3 flat screen TV's, comfy king size bed, sectional sofa, desk with printer and a small table with 3 chairs. The bathroom has double sinks, bathtub, walk in shower and a vanity for doing hair & makeup and my favorite a toilet in a separate room. The staff is sooooo nice and very helpful, getting around, in & outside the hotel. The casino is one of the nicer ones (IMHO) because the ceiling is a little higher and the smoke rises and isn't as bothersome. The Grand Canal Shoppes are just that GRAND! Very high end shops but fun to look in! The restaurants are incredible with different price points for every budget (food court in Venetian). Need a rental car? Head down to the taxi stand and book one with Avis, book directly there at the counter, it's the best price. Great convenience for getting off the strip. The pool is perfect for me. I don't need a lot of bells and whistles when it comes to pools, comfy, padded chairs with waitress/waiter service, music, towels provided, bar & restaurant in the pool area. What more could a girl ask for? Oh yeah, a lounge chair in the pool on a hot day, yes, in the pool! Awesome! I can't rate the spa, cause I've never tried it, but I'm sure it's as top notch as this hotel!  If you can afford to stay here, do, it's truly worth it!!!
3	The Palazzo and Venetian are some of the nicer hotel options on the strip but my most recent experience was disappointing.Fianace and I decided to splurge and upgrade to the Fortuna suite.  Let me describe how NOT worthwhile this upgrade is.  The normal suites are beautiful and make good use of the space.  For the Fortuna,  you pay approx $100 more for two more chairs.  That's all they've done with the extra square footage. The bathroom is exactly the same, the living room is exactly the same, they just put a bed around a corner and we had more floor space to throw our clothes. NOT worth it.They also neglected to give us our coupons during checkin - which I didn't figure out until the morning of checkout when I couldn't get my free coffee.  The checkout employee wasn't unkind about my experience but also offered no reprieve.
5	This hotel is truly unbelievable, and stands far above the rest (both literally and metaphorically).  It is a behemoth of a building; impressive both outside and in.  If you are looking for pure luxury in Vegas, this is where you should be.Without a doubt the Palazzo is the nicest resort in Las Vegas.  The attention to every little detail is amazing.  This resort has definitely earned each of it's 5 diamonds.  The service provided here is impeccable.  Every staff member you encounter is extremely friendly and professional, and you can tell they pride themselves on making your stay as great as possible.  If you ask, they will provide.The rooms are also incredible.  This is an all-suite resort so even the smallest room is almost double the size of any other standard room in Vegas.  I was fortunate enough to stay in a Siena Suite with a strip view.  Absolutely breathtaking.  Plenty of room to relax and entertain guests.  One of the most impressive things about this resort is the fact that you don't need to leave for anything (this could be a problem depending how you look at it).  There are a ton of restaurants, bars, shops, activities, shows, pools, casinos, etc. all on site.  If you didn't want to leave, you wouldn't have to.  I stayed there for 7 nights and I still didn't get bored of the place.  I wasn't thrilled by the casino though, probably because it wasn't that busy and the dealers weren't the friendliest, but the casino next-door at the Venetian is fun.And as far as restaurants, I would recommend TAO if you're looking for a "cool" dining experience, CUT if you're looking for an expensive upscale dinner, and the Grand Lux Cafe for all other dining needs.  Grand Lux Cafe is essentially a Cheesecake Factory, and has great breakfast and burgers (among many other things) for very reasonable prices.  I would highly recommend it. All things considered, the Palazzo is an amazing place.  If you are trying to decide where to stay, look no further.  I know that next time I'm in Vegas I wouldn't even entertain the thought of staying anywhere else.  They treat IHG Royal Ambassadors very well, and I'm very much looking forward to my next trip.
1	Over priced and condescending staff; pool shut down 4:00 to accommodate a private convention; every restaurant way overpriced; Food Network chefs over rated - hoping they get large endorsement fees Cut, Lagasse Stadium, Morels - all overrated!Also, no coffee pots in the room - c'mon!!!The SMOKE is the worse - in this day and age go smoke free and put the smokers in their own area and scrub their AIR!Thank you for other choices in the area!
5	The suites at Palazzo are absolutely stunning! Stayed here on our vegas trip this past weekend and it was so relaxing. The rooms are really clean and the beds are very plush. It's very classy and the amenities they provided had everything you'd need. All the amenities are in this little box which include ear swabs, nail filer, sewing kit, shower cap, etc. They also include bath robes and slippers! The shower and bath tub are separate, I actually liked the shower more because of the back massage built in it. Such a great feature to use especially after a long day/night of partying. I also liked the double sinks and the hair blow dryer was actually strong, not like the weak ones you'd find at cheaper hotels. The suites in here are huge, the living room has 3 tables, a pullout sofa bed, and fax/printer. The automatic blinds were also a nice touch. I would have to say this is one of my favorite hotels, better than the room at The Wynn.We had a great view of the pools (I believe there were 7 pools at this casino). We also paid extra for access to The Prestige room in the Palazzo. It was so awesome! Basically you can skip the buffet line and just grab food at The Prestige to bring back to your room. Breakfast had lots of items like boiled eggs, oatmeal, fruits, assorted pastries, coffee, scrambled eggs, bacon, etc etc. they also serve many different items for lunch & dinner. The Prestige is a huge room and really fancy, you're not allowed in if not properly dressed.The casino floor isn't that great here and not as lively as other casinos, but there are plenty of shops & restaurants in the hotel. Just like the Bellagio, they have an area where they decorate with different holiday/seasonal themes and it's really pretty.
5	Perfect location and perfect experience.  I am a Ambassador Member for Intercontinental and was happy to find out that they are on the list.  The VIP check in was more than expected.  I opted to upgrade to the Siena suite and was happy I did so.  Beds are comfortable and the late 4pm checkout was perfect for our flight back home.  The only thing would be more space for the pools but other than that I will be returning.
4	I like this hotel. It's still holding up with clean and big rooms! Our suite had a great view and lots of space. There's a bunch of different places to eat inside and it's connected to the Venetian. The casino is also downstairs so no long walks required.They had a lot of pools, but no Adult pool, which was a minus in Vegas. There was a small beach club, but you couldn't really relax there. The lobby was great and hits you with a beautiful waterfall from the minute you enter. I would come back here especially with a large group!
5	Everything about this hotel (with the exception of smoking areas) was outstanding.Our suite was beautiful, the staff accommodating and friendly and the location was perfect for walking along the Strip.We enjoyed the mall between this hotel and the Venetian and ate in several of the restaurants.
4	Pretty great hotel. I'll break it down for you.+1 star: Fast check-in. No hassle. Got upgraded to a room with a view. +1 star: Hotel is pretty clean. Lots of new slots. The hotel layout is pretty straight forward (Just follow the arrows and you won't get lost). Room was pretty spacious. We got the double queen suite (Bella Suite with a view 39th floor). Very clean room. +1 star: In suite dining (lunch) was surprisingly good. Ordered the Lamb shank with whipped mashed potatoes and vegetables. We also got the Reuben sandwich with onion rings (you can get fruit or fries). The clam chowder and the french onion soup for superb. Cheese pizza for the kids. And Double Chocolate cake for dessert.  +1 star: Very friendly staff. They always greet you. -1 star: POOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dear Palazzo. You have 6 (I believe) beautiful pools and none of them are kid friendly. Mostly adults (I completely understand ITS LAS VEGAS) but it was so awkward to go to a pool and seeing adults drinking. At least designate one (1) pool for the kids. I truly loved my stay at The Palazzo. If it was me and my husband only I'm pretty sure this review will be 5 stars. But I always factor in my children feedback. They enjoyed the tub, but its not the same.Till then Palazzo. With your lovely Grand Canal Shopping.
4	If you have a group, get the suite. It has 2 queen beds, a walk in shower, a bath tub, a separate toilet (closed door), 2 sinks, a roll out bed (fits 2) and another side couch so 7 people can sleep comfortably.For $300 a night split between 7 people, pretty good deal.
5	This hotel knocked our socks off!  The service was impeccable and the rooms were huge and clean.  We felt like royalty.  Its in a great location, has a casino and it is  connected to the Venetian that has a neat indoor shopping mall with a Venice theme.  We went right before Christmas so they had cool shows at night and elves offered hot cider when you entered or left the lobby.  The doormen were courteous and they would your taxi door everytime.  No other hotel did that.  You can get good deals from vegas.com if you go in Dec.  The weather was 60s to 70s.  We will not stay anywhere else and we have told everyone to stay here when they visit. Keep it up Palazzo!
5	Great place.  Be sure to visit the Fusion Bar on a Friday or Saturday afternoon.  the bartender Wendy makes some of the most fantastic drink combinations ever.
4	The Palazzo's room design is like the Venetian,  but has its own separate identity. The hotel corridors are even stylish. The conceirge lounge has an awesome view and a great relaxing vibe when having hors dourves and evening cocktails. The casino is more quaint than the Venetian, but definitely nothing you could replicate.
1	In all honesty, I probably won't stay here again.My gf's and I came to Vegas to celebrate my bday.  My first impression was that the room was quite comfortable and lovely.  However, I found security to be too aggressive to women, especially women guests at this hotel.We had an agenda to go out over the weekend and to see all the big dj's from the pool to the nightlife and we had a fabulous time.  However, this was soured when security is aggressively chasing you to the elevator asking you to flash your key again because they didn't see yours as you showed it walking by.  And it was further soured one night after going dancing at a night club when my gf sat down to a slot machine alone to gamble.  She had 6 huge security aggressively surround her, talk shit to her, demand her key, grill her like a fucking criminal and then humiliate her when she did nothing wrong.  When they realized her name was on the room and she was a guest, they backed off with no apology.  It was humiliating and rude to treat a female guest like that, one whom you should've seen around the hotel all weekend. All in all, the security here needs a serious lesson in customer service. As a result, I won't be spending my money here again.
5	I love this place, after staying at most hotels on the strip outside of those at city center, this has become my go to resort. I always stay on the prestige floor, for the slight higher price its well worth the upgrade. Awesome breakfast and full open bar with appetizers at night included... wonderful!
1	The Palazzo/Venetian is supposed to be almost on par with the Wynn/Encore in Las Vegas.  However, if you think they are even in the same category, you are sorely mistaken, my friend.  It's ok, I made this mistake as well.  I was tasked with planning a vacation for a group of friends, and we had a few poor people in the group, so I picked the Palazzo over the Encore because it was about $130 cheaper a night.  When I opened the door to my room, there were stains on the headboard area of the bed.  The marble separator between the bedroom and living area had stains that could not be washed out as well.  The walls were scuffed somewhat badly.  When we arrived, we did not receive our baggage for almost an hour.  We realized that this was because they gave us a ticket and did not tell us that we had to call the front desk and tell them the number on the ticket before they'd bring it to our room.When we asked for a humidifier, they gave us a broken one.  When we asked to get it fixed, the service man told us that they all were like that (implying that we didn't know how to use it).  We left it on overnight, and the water level did not go down at all.  The next day, they admitted it was broken and we got another one that worked.   When we asked for champagne flutes, they did not have any.  Only wine glasses -- and again, it took almost an hour to get them.  We had to call twice to get them because we asked for 8 and they said we could only order 4 per room.  We had to call them the second time to tell them that we had 2 rooms (which should have been obvious since they were both under the same name).  Worst of all, the showers did not always have hot water.  After a long and dirty night of nightclubbing, we came back to take cold or barely lukewarm showers.  I imagine this is what Sheldon Adelson enjoys doing.  I did this for 3 nights in a row.One of my friends enjoyed a rib eye at the Grand Lux in the Venetian.  He had diarrhea attacks all day the next day and had chills as he was shivering on the toilet.  I was deterred from using the toilet the next day, as he had laid uneven splatters of excrement on the back of the seat.  I had to use the toilet in our other adjacent room.  Lastly, the beds were beds for short people.  If you are anywhere near 6ft tall, your feet will hang over the edges uncomfortably.  I would recommend this hotel if you are a poor midget.  Overall, I got the impression that Mr. Adelson had let his American properties wane in order to focus on the real moneymaking Asian properties -- something that I would believe Steve Wynn (Weinberg) would never do.
3	Beautiful but an absolute maze.  I'm local so didn't stay, just went to shop/dine and have to say it was frustrating.  I liked the shops (did both Venetian and Palazzo) but the "hard sell" of the cosmetics people was like being in Tijuana ... exhausted by merchants.Still, if you have comfortable shoes and want to shop and wander for hours, this is a good place.  Just remember where you parked!Fyi  "You are here" is not marked on most of the maps and when it was, it was wrong!
5	From dropping off the car at "Valet" to "Check In", and then up to our room, the process was quick and easy. The rooms at the Palazzo are not your ordinary hotel rooms, they are five star!  Make sure to ask for a room facing the strip.
5	I usually stay at the V, but the last time I stayed there the experience was less than satisfactory.  I wrote a review, and the Manager responded w/ an upgrade to a Fortuna Suite at the Palazzo (I paid $129/night vs the room normally costs $199/night).  Needless to say, I was very impressed.The Fortuna seemed liked it was 2X the size of regular suites at the V.  In addition to having the standard large bathroom w/ two sinks, separate shower and TV, the sleeping area was roomy.  It had a desk and the closet wasn't right up against the bed like a standard suite.  Additionally, the sunken living room was spacious.  There was a separate sitting area w/ an ottoman.  Lastly, it also had a great view.  We were able to check in at the special desk vs general population.  Additionally, the room had not been cleaned by the time we returned from breakfast.  We decided to take a nap before heading out, so the maid had to skip our room.  However, when we left for a pool party around noon, I informed the maid the room was ready for cleaning:  The room was cleaned when we returned in the late afternoon.  I wrote the less than satisfactory experience the last time I was here, because the same thing happened, but the maid didn't clean the room.  The V used to be the only place I stay in Vegas, but add the P to the list too.  The suites are spacious & luxurious, and the service is excellent.
4	One of the nicer hotels I've stayed in. Each suite has a sunken living room with soft couches and a desk which is a really nice touch. 4 stars for how beautiful and new it is, and the fact that they lost our luggage for 2 hours and then tried to blame it on us. Thanks to the Palazzo I never check my luggage at hotels anymore! Would come again, but carry my own bags.
5	I love the rooms here , very private and very modern with a beautiful view to the strip
5	paid $120/night using priceline.  hubby used something called a tip sandwich to get upgraded view, no resort fee, and free wifi!    Room was super nice and had no issues with anything (except there was no coffee maker in the room :( ).  There is the most amazing walgreens next door to this hotel.  Go there to get your alcohol, water and snacks.  They even have fro yo and smoothies there.  All other walgreens should take note.
4	Technically I would give this hotel 4.5 stars because our 4 day stay was absolutely amazing! The Palazzo check-in desk gave us no problem nor an extra charge to check in after our early morning flight. You can't do a girls trip without a fabulous view and the Palazzo offered a great complimentary view (no upgrade charges). Every morning we woke up to the Wynn hotel, two pools, wynn golf resort, and awesome mountain views. We chose the bella suite which offered two comfortable queen beds and a plush L shaped couch in a sunken swanky living room. On day 2 we discovered the curtains were automatic as well as the shades, the child in me found this very cool by the way. The housekeeping service was five star all of the way! Our room was cleaned to perfection everyday with turn down service.Be sure to check out the canal shoppes, it offers a variety of high end stores with great restaurants. I found the Palazzo offered a calm scene, a little more rowdy on the weekend, with an amazing waterfall.The casino was very busy on the weekend, but slower during the day. The crowd is  a mix of cultures who don designer gear, no matter what age.I have stayed in both the Venetian and the Palazzo and neither will disappoint you!
5	Check in- 5 minsRoom- BIG and beautifully appointed with the best bed ever!!Parking- easy and fastGrounds- AMAZING- the mall that is attached gives way to the Venetian and Gondola Ride.  The walk through the Venetian was like a stroll in the park on a beautiful day.  Location- End of strip and easy access to Freeway and main streets.Pools--WOW, WOW and WOW- Enormous pools and so many to choose from.  I thought the pools would be boring but I was wrong.  They are beautiful and not crowded with a bunch of attention seeking, obnoxious people.  Loved it here.Overall- One of the best Hotels on the Strip.  Give it a chance if you like a less crowded atmosphere with elegant surroundings and a great view of the strip.
4	Finding a Vegas hotel to COMFORTABLY house 9 girls while still maintaining glitz, glamour, and reasonable prices for a Bachelorette Weekend is not an easy feat. After scouring numerous sites and calling various hotels, I came to the conclusion that getting 2 Siena Suites at the Palazzo was going to be the best deal. I have absolutely no regrets.We arrived late at night, so the line for check-in was minimal. We had 2 connecting suites, as requested (for an additional fee of course). The rooms were clean, pretty updated (although nothing like Aria or Cosmopolitan), and sleek. Each room had 2 Queen beds, a wrap-around couch with coffee table, desk area, TV, and a huge bathroom. The couch pulled out to make a sofa...easily enough room for at least 2 people if necessary.  My only qualm about the bathroom was that, although huge, the shower stall was see-through. This is fine if you're there with a significant other, but if you're there with a group of new acquaintances, it can be awkward. Whenever one of us showered, the whole bathroom was basically closed off. So, huge bathroom-great, see-through shower-not so great.The hotel itself is connected to the Venetian which allows for tons of shopping, restaurants, and nightlife in both hotels without ever having to step outside. The Palazzo is on the North side of the strip, but still near a lot of city's attractions.There is a Coffee Bean near the Casino, but, like everything else in Vegas, it is overpriced. Still good to have nearby, none the less.Many pools to choose from but if you don't get there early, you'll be searching like a hawk for a lounge chair. If you come past noon and want to sit with you friends, forget about it.There's also a 24 hour Walgreens right next door to the hotel. This is not your average Walgreens. They have everything you would need from souvenirs to alcohol to clothes.
5	We were only outside at the pools here for the Epicurean Affair in May. Highly anticipated event, I encourage all to go next year.  All the pool areas were lovely and arranged really nicely. The food event was the bomb and was done very well. Food was incredible!
2	First visit was great.  Rooms are spacious and are a good value.  Second visit we arrived from Hawaii at 732 am.  They had rooms available, but wanted to charge $75 per room (2 rooms) to check us in before 8.  Really? Terrible customer service policy.  So my family and I stood in the lobby (which is empty as you can imagine) for 28 minutes and THEN checked in.  One of the rooms was not clean yet.   Took a little while to get someone up to clean the restroom.  It really annoys me when client service  is not priority. I don't understand how the CSR couldn't look around and check us in.  Room deserves 4-5 stars, check in policy deserves no stars.  Very disappointed.
4	Love the palazzo have been to Vegas many times and was told by my good friends how they love that property and now I know why! Guest services was awesome, room was fanatic shops and restaurants were out of control! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that pool area is alil dead not too happening for over 25 & over crowd but besides that we would totally stay there again next time we are in Vegas!
5	If you're going to stay in Vegas, you might as well do it right especially when it comes your hotel. The Palazzo proved to be a stellar choice for our Girls' Weekend Getaway, and it made all the difference in the overall fun that we had. Our suite was as spacious as it was impressive. Decked out with a stand-up shower, huge separate tub, double sinks, our very own living room, comfy beds, a pull out sofa bed, dining table, desk area, telephone in the toilet area (also separate from the actual bathroom), two TVs (one in the bathroom, the other in the bedroom), electronic window shades, comfort and extravagance were not lacking. We were situated right on The Strip which made all the difference as we desired to be in the mix of everything and to walk, rather than cab it to our destinations.So there you have it. The rooms are lovely. But what about the facilities and overall resort? Gaw-jus. The entrance is grand, the property is massive, and the staff is helpful and courteous. The Palazzo is an addition to The Venetian, another lovely hotel option. So lucky for us, a suite at the Palazzo granted us access to all of its 11 pools. And there really is a pool for everyone. Want to relax with the family? Want to lay out in some peace and quiet by your lonesome? Want to swim with your honey and get some jacuzzi action in? Want to people watch-- beautiful people at that? Want to strut your stuff, party or day drink? You get a pool! You get a pool! And you get a pool! Our group chose the best of both worlds and opted for both fun and relaxation. But the most memorable aspect when it came down some pool action was Tao Beach (review to follow).  Fun! Crazy crazy crazy fun! Great music, decent food, and overall everything that a Vegas pool party should be.The restaurant options are plentiful and the shopping options are .... well... expensive. Reviews to follow on these too. The nightclub was fantastic too. Very different feel from the outdoor clubs we experienced the night before, but equally as good- if not better. We had an over-the-top great time. Best of all, it's right in the hotel so no mile walk in your high heels, ladies.Lastly, I'm not the type of girl to gamble so the casino was my least favorite. Though large and updated, it wreaked of smoke and we didn't spend much time there. Also you have to walk through it to get around the property. Meh. I did like that they had phone chargers on some of the slot machines. Another way to keep you there longer, but very convenient.Overall, the property was everything that we needed and more. Most rooms, like ours, offer a beautiful view if you are a few floors up. And most likely if you get in early enough and ask for one, you shall receive. Of course there are lots of places to choose from when it comes to hotels, but this is a solid choice for a weekend getaway. I'd definitely stay here again.
5	The Palazzo is my new favorite place to stay in Vegas. The basic suites are big -- probably bigger than my first apartment! I had a great view of the strip and the remote controlled blinds and curtains are a nice touch. Big, comfy beds on the first level, and the second level was a spacious area with a sectional, desk and kitchen table. It was nice to have a gorgeous view and a spacious workspace while I worked on my laptop. Equally huge bathroom with a large glass enclosed shower stall. The TV above the sink was handy while getting ready in the morning.The front desk was well staffed and I didn't have to wait more than a minute to check-in unlike most hotels on the strip. The staff was friendly and professional.Some of the best restaurants in Vegas are at the Palazzo/Venetian, but they aren't cheap. There are some cheaper options like the Grand Lux cafe, which was OK for breakfast and lunch, but nothing special. You get what you pay for. Speaking of what you pay, the Palazzo charges a mandatory resort fee of $15/day that is not included in the base rate. So make sure you factor that in when booking your room.
4	I loved staying at this property. It was able to accommodate the four of us comfortably. The layout of the Palazzo is relatively simple and  straightforward to get into the hotel room. Our taxi dropped us off at the front of hotel where we walked straight to the registration desk. Checking into the hotel was relatively simple and expedient. We then walked through the casino to the elevator doors. Be careful about which elevator you are taking as each one goes to a different section of the tower.We had a corner room overlooking Wynn which was really nice. The electronic shades added a sophistication to the room. The only gripe about the room was the pull out sofa bed. They don't provide a comforter for that particular bed so you have to request it. I had to ask multiple times and they still didn't bring me an adequate comforter which was so disappointing. We also used the pool amenities as well. However, when we got to the towel dispensary, they ran out of towels. We were annoyed by this but luckily, we just asked out friend who happened to be in the room to bring some of the room towels until they restocked. There were two different pools, both of them quite shallow. The pool was decent, but felt they cold have made the pool area better. Also, we ventured to Azure which is Palazzo's "equivalent" to a day club. However, I would recommend not going there as we witnessed a verbal altercation between some of the guests and employees which would have made for a good reality show.In all, Palazzo was very comfortable. I just wish Palazzo was more centrally located as we ended up taking so many taxi's to get to the south part of the strip.
4	Nice hotel. Very convenient in terms of shopping, eating out, and gambling.  Also dealers are very friendly. I come here at least once or twice a year and they have been very consistent in a good way.
5	Amazing hotel, stayed for 3 nights for a work convention. I was put in a suite. It was super big for 1 person, had a couch and social area. Very nice room, attentive housekeeper, although they didn't come until about 3pm. Casino and restaurants were nice and clean. Everything was very well kept. Will surely stay there again when in Vegas. :)
3	Rooms were OK and spacious (suites with a large bathroom, 3 TVs and a sunken living room) but overall seemed a little dated - I think Encore or Wynn has nicer rooms and a more updated casino (and less of that smokey smell in the casino) - although Palazzo is a little bit more convenient from a walking distance standpoint (albeit it is right next door to Wynn and Encore).  The highlight of staying here is eating at Carnevino which is an awesome must-try Italian steakhouse!
5	Oh yea, the stakes are high. The suite was spectacular and definitely the way to go when you're here. Sure, you barely spend time in the hotel room, "but when I  do, I prefer ZZ" (read: Dosh Zetas) because the Palazzo will treat you like you've worked hard enough not to pamper yourself. The blinds open at the push of a button on the bedside remote? check. The bathroom with separate door toilet? check, the DOWN comforter and pillows? check check. This is my third suite and compared to Cosmopolitan and The Signature at MGM, it's more for the adults 30-50's (doesn't mean though that is older looking, means it's higher class and you are the president of your own...apartment?). Cosmo for 20-35 y/o, Signature for family or larger groups who prefer kitchenette. Choose wisely. The only silly thing? lifted up a pretzel box and got charged for the room for $8. Obviously it follows the fridge's law, do not move absolutely-anything-type of sensor, but come on. You put it there, all good looking candy in fancy boxes, I WILL lift and SEE...right??? you would too if you saw all those boxes all so nicely placed in front of the TV. (One of the TVs). Watching the FIFA games simultaneously in both TVs? check. The bed was exquisite and the whole room just clean, cool, comfortable. TAO nightclub is ok, been to LAVO before and it's ok too. Drinks at TAO club sucked (nasty) and were $15 each, i expected at least a tasty mL, no can do. The food at TAO was absolutely amazing. Incredible dishes, i couldn't have asked for more. The sea bass, spicy chicken and lobster/kimchi fried rice were to die for. The filet mignon was just ok. Nice wine selection. The music was very loud for dinner time since the club was right upstairs. It was my friends birthday and they brought out a giant fortune cookie crepe (hard) dipped partly in chocolate and filled with vanilla and chocolate mousse, read Happy Birthday. We had a great time and a great dinner celebration! OUTSTANDING. I can't wait to come back.
4	A very gool experience as only Vegas can deliver. Marble tile everywhere. Nice furniture, well appointed desk with all-in-one printer/scanner/fax ready to go. Three TVs, No corners cut on the bathroom. Sunken living room was nicely done, lots of comfy seating. Views were nice for our room covering the pool and spa below, Treasure Island the Northern heart of the strip.  Only about 20% view was humdrum as it encompassed the mall, off-strip Trump building and it's adult superstore. Bedding was nice, but not superior. Nice privacy with good sound control. Checkin and checkout was perfect except my son setting off the snack detector by lifting the box of gummy bears to take a look, but the front desk removed it without quarrel.  Casino was nice, A/C worked quickly and smoothly, parking wasn't bad, amentities in the room were adequate, and free wifi was sure and steady and very much appreciated. We enjoyed our two night stay and will consider returning.But, room for improvement. Map for Palazzo are more detailed at the Venetion. Once you approve Palazzo, they grow devoid of details, like where the theatre is. I know the idea is to drive people to the Casino, but we lost our prime seats at the show trying to find their showcase theatre. The Fridge is totally full of sensored drinks, no room to safely stick in your own half liter bottle. Kinda sad making long ice runs in the 21st century just to acheive cool water. Way too few towels for a "luxury suite". Double doors at the bathroom are a total hassle, they overlap the front door's arc and the noisy catches kind suck when you have to open booth to smoothly egress in the dark. Biggest letdown, housekeeping. Three drawers were full of laundry/clothing from a previous guest. One draw was not attached to the tracks and fell out if you opened it in the chest. Small candy wrappers and misc scraps littered the floor on checkin. On our one morning, we walked out and greeted the housekeeper as we pulled the DND tag from the door. On our return, the tag was back on the door and room untouched! Wow. Was our tip and request for more towels not worthy of their service?
4	Very beautiful room and very coimfortabl at a decent price.  Definitely want to stay there again!
3	SUMMARY - Pretty average hotel, good location, the shops/restaurants are nice but the rooms are showing their age and the pool is YUK (Pool Scum!!).SHOPS/RESTAURANTS - Good, it had plenty of them at all different levels. The Bourbon lounge was fun with old rock videos and the guy with the twisted sister wig was funny and kept things going. Lavo looked nice but didn't actually get there. The Grand Lux was very nice as an easy, 24/7 place to go - breakfast, late snacks. Basically an always open cheesecake factory. ROOMS -  were ok, just average. This is an all suite hotel so if you're a family it's nice to have the larger living area which you could have small kids sleep in etc. But they are showing their age. The first one we got was a smoking room (they offered it as an 'upgrade' because it had a view). It was smelly and very dusty - and the view was pretty ordinary - so if offered this as an 'upgrade' just refuse.  The next room actually had a better view and was clean, but still these are not modern rooms. Not bad though.POOLS - HORRIBLE.  on the first day at 10.30am we noticed really bad pool scum all around the main pool at the sides.  Really bad, if you have a hot tub you may have seen it after too many people have been in there. Didn't get cleaned up all day. Complained to the manager. Just got a 'its been handled' response. On check out told the girl that we couldn't use the pool and she credited the resort fee, which was good (that raised this from a 2 to a 3 star).  Also note that all the pools are for kids, there's no adults only pool.  AND most of the pools are in shade until 1pm!!  So before that you have to cram into one of the two pools that get sun if you want to go.So, don't want to be one of these people that complain and give the hotel a one star review because someone looked at them funny, but truly this is not a 5 star hotel IMHO.  It probably used to be, but it's aging, the pool areas are badly designed, the service is meh, and for the money there are better options, or else spend maybe $50 more and go to one of the newer places and have a really nice time.This is ok for families with kids etc, and that's what you see at the hotel, but if you are between 25 to 55 and have seen better then you may be disappointed.
5	Wonderful stay! The front desk people gave us a little care package when we arrived, since we always forget our toothbrushes and toothpaste, it was a big help!The room itself was beautiful including the bathroom, I was seriously shocked!Also, I loved the remote operated blinds, they really made my mornings a lot easier since they were blackout shades :)
4	Was a nice hotel - annoying that you have to walk through the casino to get to your room, however what strip hotel doesn't??Was upgraded due to being an IHG ambassador member (highly advisable to get). Downfall was a 9:20am knock on the door from room service even though our room was double locked per hotel's instructions. Who gets up before 10am in Vegas???
4	Big fan of the Venetian and the Palazzo. I like the Palazzo perhaps a smidge more because the parking here is easier.  The recently switched the black jack payout to 6/5 on most tables which is a big drawback for anyone who plays the game.
4	This is my favorite place to gamble.  They have a nice variety of machines, especially the penny machines.  And I've done pretty well there over the years.  Not to mention, they have decent staff and great restaurants.  Their Grazie Players club is great.  They have great comps and slot/resort credits.
5	I really enjoyed my recent stay here. My room that I had reserved (King Suite, Smoking) was not available so I had to settle for a 2 Queen suite. Ironically, it was directly across from the last room I had :) All my years staying here and the best view I ever got was the Wynn golf course. This time it was a center strip view of Treasure Island and over looking the pools. I almost went down to the pool but did not feel like hunting for swim trunks in my size. Anyway, kudos for the view! It was an unexpected surprise. I was overcharged for the mini bar, I got mostly snacks but the problem is that the staff randomly puts the snacks in random places or other guests move them around taking advantage of the 30 second sensor rule. Only an extra $5 for $50 worth of stuff I used. Obviously expensive- $5 for a bottle of coke portioned to a can size; $9 for a box of chips, etc. I'm happy it was never restocked otherwise I would have spent more since I don't like leaving the room when I get back in. The couch and sunken living room look nice but the couch is fairly uncomfortable, probably do to being a fold out variety. My last issue was that they took out all of the good oversized safes (which used to be next to the mini bar under the TV) which used to pull out and were equipped with outlets, and the whole 9 yards but now use the standard small closet safe. As typical, everything else was nice. The beds are among the best I have ever slept on. Check In was efficient and did not take all that long. As for the casino staff, I'm not sure if they have a lot of turnover or what. It's a big place and some of the familiar friendly faces are no where to be found. I will say as for the Dealers, the gaming was very inconsistent. On my arrival day, the Swing shift was amazing. The next day they were less so. The night crew was not all that great any of the nights, they used to be the best. The day crew alternates, I think the part timers are the best. The morning I left they were all friendly and were not the regulars. The Elevators were very slow for some reason. This is the first time I have noted this at a Sands property. All three days it seemed like only a small number of them were working at any given time. The scales in the bathroom are just for show, they don't work. The shower as always, has an endless supply of hot water with great water pressure. Its still my favorite place to stay I think of any hotel I have been to because it feels like home.
5	We stayed at the Palazzo this past July 2-6. I decided to treat my parents, sister and 2-year old niece to Vegas for 4th of July Weekend. I had previously stayed at the Venetian back when it opened, but had never stayed at its sister property, The Palazzo. I chose The Palazzo because I wanted to treat my parents to some place upscale, yet not too uppity (Wynn). I am very glad to have chosen The Palazzo over the other properties I was looking at. The biggest deciding factor for me was that they have the Bella Suite, which has 2 beds, plus the pull out bed; thus allowing both my parents to sleep on one bed, my sister and niece on the other bed, and myself on the pullout in the sunken living room.I will say The Palazzo has great people working for it. Whomever is in charge of their hiring needs a raise. Someone earlier posted that Alexandria checked them in and they had a pleasant experience with her. I echo their sentiment, as she both checked me in, and checked me out. She is a true gem of the Palazzo's. (More on her later) As has been discussed in great detail on here already, all the rooms at The Palazzo are big suites, that are well appointed with exceptional decor and furniture, with plenty of amenities to make even the most discriminating of guests feel well pampered within the suite. Although I booked a regular Bella Suite, at check-in I politely asked if there were any complimentary upgrades, and thus we got upgraded to a Bella Suite on the 42nd floor overlooking the strip. This was very awesome because on the evening of 4th of July, that is where we were able to get a great view of the Caesars Palace fireworks show from our room. (My 2-year old niece gets scared of fireworks [mainly the noise]), and so being able to watch the fireworks from up in the 42nd floor, behind soundproof windows was a god-send for us. My sister had researched things to do with a 2-year old in Vegas, and we were glad that the pools at The Palazzo were very spacious and not too full. My sister had plenty of things planned for my niece, but my niece absolutely fell in love with the pools, thus my sister would take her down a couple times a day so she could enjoy herself, in between naps in the room, and taking her out to eat in the Canal Shoppes throughout. We also hit the strip once the sun had set, so that my niece could enjoy the Vegas lights at night, while in her stroller. Not one dull moment for us, or my niece.My parents being the big gamblers they are, I signed them up for the Grazie Club, and both got free T-shirts at signing up. They enjoyed the penny slots at the nearby Flamingo, Harrah's, and Bally's. Myself, I did a little bit of gambling at The Palazzo (Never chase the comp, just enjoy your gambling ;-) ) If any of you enjoy great drinks, I strongly suggest you try out the Fusion Bar (You can't miss it, it's the bar to your right as you're about to enter the hallway into the elevator banks to go up to the rooms). Each night, I was done gambling by 2am, and I'd mozy on over to the Fusion bar for a few strong drinks before hitting the sack. It was there that I met two of the best bartenders/mixologists I've ever encountered-- Greg/Steven/Mulu. Those fellas know how to make a super strong drink. A little known fact about this bar is that they have four different type of concoctions that they prepare in-house and let them age for a couple weeks. They are in 4 big jars up on the display. Let me tell you, Greg offered me a taste of one (It's in one of my pictures)-- It was a mixture of Oranges, Mango slices, Pineapple, Vanilla Beans, and Sailor Jerry Spiced Rum. It's something like 80 proof, super strong, but what a grand taste it is going down your throat. Try it, you'll thank me later!One of the best features about The Palazzo is it's 'Plug N Play', which enables you to charge your Android/iPhone using your own USB cord. On the last night, I was charging my Galaxy Note 3, and had had a little too much to drink. I was playing the dollar slot machines and before long figured to stop while I was ahead, but forgot my expensive phone at the slot machine!! As I was about to get into the elevator up to the room, I noticed that I didn't have my phone on me. My heart dropped, and I dashed on over to where I had left it, only to notice that it was GONE! One of the casino workers noticed I was distraught and asked if I was alright. I explained what happened, and she told me to go over to security to see if someone had took it in. I went, and don't you know she was right! A security guard was walking up with my phone as I was walking up. I was happy that nobody snatched it, and that it ended in the right hands. They made me unlock it and sign a piece of paper, and away I went with my phone.All in all, a great experience at The Palazzo. Just yesterday I booked again for late September, to stay there again, with friends this time. Truly one of the gems on the strip.
5	Stayed here once or twice. Room is huge if comparing with other resorts in Las Vegas Blvd. 5/5* Feeling like a tourist, it was great even if I live here. Lol  We went to eat at an Asian restaurant near by the palazzo pit 5/5*, my friend ordered a dish of noodle for me and it was so delicious!
4	Hot damn. What a room. Or should I say suite? That's what they call them anyway, and I couldn't agree more. Step down living room, three TVs, window curtains that open with a remote control? Nicely designed and ideal location make it a great place to stay.On to the details:- Again, huge room. Although I didn't this time, you could totally squeeze in quite a few people.- Gym is small, but has all the basics.- Very nice pool. I like that I can walk over to the Venetian pool as well. - Good places to eat and shop.Definitely worth it! If you are an IHG member,  get your points!
4	Ask For an UpgradeI was here for a board meeting and charmingly asked for a room upgrade & got it!** I had been booked into a luxury king sweet but ended up with the 1,280-square-foot  SIENA SUITE! The Suite LifeThe 2 room suite featured double doors opening to a long marble hallway which led to an expansive living room with a granite wet bar and a big flat screen TV. The adjoining bedroom was HUGE with a lovely king size bed,  the dressing alcove had a granite vanity leading into a gorgeous marble bath with a jetted tub and a stand up shower with multiple shower jets! Whew!  This suite is so big that If someone rings your doorbell (Yes, a doorbell for a hotel room!) while you're in the  dressing room, it takes a while to get that door! The SPAThe hotel offers great SPA which I enjoyed before our meeting started and it was the BOMB! The salt room is a must visit and there's also this trippy room where there's an ocean on the ceiling!  Room ServiceBecause I was here for a board meeting I didn't get out to the restaurants - but I did try the room service - and let me tell you, WOW! I ordered a cobb salad & french onion soup and my goodness - it was delish and the white glove service was amazing!I would definitely come back here! **(When checking into any hotel, it never hurts to ask for an upgrade!  How do I do it? I smile a genuine smile, look around the lobby & compliment something about the property, I say how happy I am to to be there & then I ask "Do you have any complimentary upgrades available?"  Or balcony room? If they don't have the avail rooms, then maybe ask for access to the club level where there's usually free nightly hors d'oeuvres, drinks, and a complimentary breakfast (bottles of free water are my fav perk!)If they say no, just smile and shrug & say "Thanks for checking it never hurts to ask!"  They also may come back with an upgrade offer - say for $30  extra a night they can upgrade you to a better room - then you can decide...it's usually a bargain! A $159 a night room can be transformed to a $459 a night room for only $30 bucks? Yes please!
2	Where do I begin?.... I stayed here last week for my vacation, not at all what I expected the service and people are not worth the price.  They have no idea what customer service means, only the front desk do unfortunately.  If it weren't for the front desk I would give it 1 star only.I went to the concierge to ask for a great  Italian restaurant for lunch.  Unfortunately concierge recommended a restaurant they haven't eaten because the food was horrible you can read it from my other review Dal Toro, don't go there please. I went back to concierge after lunch to ask where can we sit since we are waiting to check in and it's not 3pm yet.  A lady told me there is no sitting area, we have to go to a cafe.  I thought this is odd, a big hotel like this no seating area. I can't bring my kid to the gaming area, this is why I need a place for her. I found at least 3 areas on my own, thanks for nothing... I got to my room, the cheese crumbs was still on the couch.  My hubby is nice enough to clean.  We had to wait 2 hrs for our luggage from the bell boys. REALLY!!! My husband had to call to ask them about it. We ended up sleeping in a comforter that was wrapped with a fitted sheet, which means no comforter cover and no sheets. We got hot at night and realized there was no sheets... The next day I asked a house keeper is it normal they don't provide sheets for the bed. It turns out my room wasn't clean.  Oh great mind you I took a bath and used the bathroom too. Now I am really disgusted.  The housekeeper told me he will talk to the manager for me. They offer to clean my room ASAP. It turns out the room was clean and the new sheets had stains on it. I had it and went to the front desk and told an associate of my dilemmas with the hotel. She apologized and comp me $75.  Really for how much crap I endured with my family $75 should be fine. I didn't really care at this point, I will never go back. The next house keeper changed the sheets and told me she couldn't give me new wine glasses and that I have to call priority desk. OMG! The rest of the time the guests that stay here are nicer than the staff.  The guests would  greet each other, but the staff don't greet you even when you talk to them.  It's like your inconveniencing them!!!The hotel is beautiful.  Next time I will only stay at the Wynn.
1	Don't stay here. The room was in poor condition upon check-in. The restroom smelled like someone took a massive dump. The sheet was stained red which I am hoping is from cranberry juice. Somebody's used cotton ball was on the sofa bench. What really brought me over the edge was seeing melted ice in our ice bucket. Absolutely disgusting.
5	Have stayed here 3 or 4 times over the last few years, including July 2014.  The rooms are amazing.....huge and nicely appointed with big bathrooms.  The pool is very nice.  Had drinks and food by the pool which were pricey for sure (2 drinks and a pizza over $60).  Also stayed a Venetian several times, which is equally as great.  We stayed at Venezia Towers once...walked a solid mile to the room, but the pool is awesome and private.  Tons of places to eat and shop.  The slots were much tighter this trip than in past trips.  But we always get our room comped (we play penny slots, but lots and lots of pennies!)
5	We stayed at the Palazzo for 3 days and 2 nights and it was such a great experience! We stayed in the Bella suite and the lady who checked us in was super sweet. I believe her name was Jennifer and she even gave us a free upgrade to the Bella suite with the Vegas strip view! The beds were so comfortable and the rooms were so clean! The Bella suite was nice because it was spacious and also had a separate bathroom with toilet from the shower. The service was great, they stocked us so well with towels and blankets, and asking for extra key cards or shampoo, or even blankets was so easy. They also had security at the entrance to the elevators. You had to show your room keys to get through. I loved that the Palazzo was linked with the Venetian. I went swimming in Venetian's lap pool in the mornings, it was great! Overall very good experience. I will definitely go back to this hotel! :)
4	My wife and I stayed here at the hotel on our most recent trip to Vegas. My wife loves the rooms here because it's big. You get two beds and a living area with an L couch. The rooms are nicely decorated and if you get a room with a good view, you can see the strip with all the lights at night. The rooms come with 2 flat screen TVs, one in the bed area and the other in the couch area. There's also a small TV in the bathroom.The casino itself isn't that big. They have slots and table games in the aisle way to the Venetian. Compared to the Venetian, the Palazzo casino area is pretty small. It seems like a lot of young people come stay at the Palazzo. They don't have a club or anything in the Palazzo but a few restaurants and the shops between the Palazzo and the Venetian.My wife attended the summer grazie gifts giveway. That was the second time I've been to that. It's a pretty nice event! It was located in one of the convention rooms. They give away gifts in exchange for points you've earned. They had a lot of samples on food to try. We also were able to take a complimentary picture that was really nice and included a nice little booklet to put the picture in. This event was for people who earned enough points to get gifts. This is a nice thing that they do for their players and was the reason why we stayed here during this trip.Overall, this casino/hotel is pretty nice. The rooms are big and good to share with a big group since there's 2 beds and also a couch area. I can't remember if it pulls out into a bed, probably not but I just can't remember since I never really use it. Gaming wise, the table stakes are pretty high. That's the only thing I don't like about staying here. The minimums are too high for me to want to play tables here. I'd rather stay at other hotels or probably would just walk to another casino to play since the minimums would be way less. But if you're with a big group, this place would be good for you.
2	Service was overall lacking.  Staff was generally rude/unhelpful/incompetent.The suite rooms were nice looking but kind of cheesy and the couch in the sunken living room was kind of gross (like it seemed impossible to clean).  The casino was not as nice as other hotels but not as cheesy as others.Kind of middle of the road hotel (which for the price seems like it should be better) with bad service.  Pool was okay--crowded not refreshing and slow pool service.Writing this review has been sad.
4	I have been to this resort on 2 separate occasions to stay.  The rooms are great, the staff is nice, the casino is fun, and the parking is relatively painless.  The location is pretty central to the strip which I love.  You are connected to the Venetian which has an awesome bar in the middle of everything that gets super weird at night.  They are very flexible with bookings and making sure you are accommodated.  The room service is delicious and prompt.  We love Vegas and we come very often.  There are a lot of awesome options to stay and Palazzo will stay on the list of "maybes".
5	This is a beautiful hotel not to mention its connected to the Venetian. I'm returning on a free trip with a beverage credit had a little fall nothing big so this is awesome. Ordered room service the shrimp scampi is delicious trust me chocolate cake had mousse with a light whip cream awesome
5	Had a great stay at the Palazzo hotel, the room was very nice.I stayed in the Venetian the last time I was in Las Vegas. Purchased the spa package. The only thing I would do differently is to ask for my room to not be over the air conditioning units of the hotel/ Not a great view. So the next time I will request a better view, hopefully it wont be a  upcharge. Also I was like the last room on a very Long Hallway. MIght want it closer to the elevator. Also when leaving to come home My pick up was at 4 am in the morning. I got down there earlier and it was very hot out the coolers that they have in the front were not on until day time. The package Canyon Ranch spa did not include spa usage for the whole time, they were going to charge me for each day. That doesnt seem right.
1	Oh, Palazzo. How I keep giving you the benefit of the doubt, but you just keep proving me right. For years that I've been going to Vegas, staying at the Palazzo has been nothing than an expensive headache and inconvenience that I question myself, WHY DO I KEEP BOOKING HERE ?!The rooms here are lovely. I love how they are all mini-suites, with plenty of space. Bathrooms are large with a separate shower and tub, and closed toilet. A large double sink vanity and a separate vanity for the girls to do makeup. There are sunken living room areas with a pullout and a sectional sofa. Two large TVS. A desk, plus table that sits 3. Plenty of electrical sockets for charging everything. The rooms are so accommodating, of course I want to stay here.HOWEVER, checking in is always a NIGHTMARE and no matter what, I am ALWAYS given wrong information from the front desk, that it just makes the stay frustrating. For example, last year our room was not available until 6pm, in which they transferred my stay to the Venetian (even though I booked it at the Palazzo). And my past trip this past weekend was a nightmare. I originally booked MGM for Saturday for $180 (taxes and fees included). However, knowing check in was at 3pm and MGM was sold out Friday night and we were going to arrive late Friday night/early Saturday morning, I decided to book a stay for Friday-Sunday at the Palazzo for roughly $370 per night including taxes and resort fees. I called Palazzo to explain to them that we were coming from CA and we were driving, so our arrival time might vary. They assured me since the room was prepaid that we would have no problems checking in. Well thanks to the long 9 hour drive, we ended up getting to Vegas around 7am. Went straight to Palazzo hoping to get some shut-eye before heading out to Wet Republic, but once at the Front Desk, I learn that my reservations were cancelled, I "forfeited" the $370 for the first night, and our room will now not be available till 3pm, or whenever rooms become available... GREAT. They issued us keys and told us that they will give us a call once the room was available with the room number so we could just go straight to the room. The lady checking us in told us that we are more than welcome to use the Spa facilities to use the bathroom, shower, get ready, etc... or so we thought after lugging our luggage to the spa just to get rejected. We ended up changing in the bathroom and leaving our luggage in the car and headed out. Around 2pm I received a message from a lady from the Venetian front desk saying our suite was now ready. Great. Moving us to the Venetian (again!?) So we lugged our luggage from Palazzo to Venetian to find out, oh sorry, our room was at the Palazzo. Seriously !? And of course, no one at Front Desk took responsibility. No sorry. No anything. Just "I hope you enjoy your stay at the Palazzo and we hope to see you again!" You got to be kidding me. No, Palazzo, I don't ever want to stay here again, even though I love your rooms and I have the best luck at your casino. And yes, I want my money back. And YES, I am cancelling my reservations for this coming up October. And Yes, I will never recommend your hotel to anyone ever again. It's a shame, really.
3	Disappointed to say the service failed to impress.  As the saying goes, looks can be deceiving.  It is truly a gorgeous and ginormous hotel, impeccable at that, but their service level could definitely be improved.We checked in on a Friday night, and that went by fairly smoothly.  Fair warning though, it is a little bit of a walk from the check-in lobby to the elevators (if you don't travel light), otherwise it's a short walk across the casino.  As soon as we entered our room, we noticed there were no bath towels, no toothbrushes, and only two hand towels (even though we had booked the room for 4 people).  I guess they didn't have time to restock the room or our room was overlooked.  Either way, we decided to give the lobby a call and we requested extra towels, blankets, toothbrushes, and slippers, which they promised would be delivered within 30 minutes.  40 minutes later....still waiting...60 minutes later...still waiting...80 minutes later...still waiting...We finally gave up and decided to call the lobby again.  After confirming our room #, we were told that the ticket order had already been closed because all of the requested items were delivered.  Honestly, I have no idea how that happened, seeing how we were just hanging out in our room the entire time and nobody knocked on our door or came in to deliver the so called amenities.  So they promised they would reopen the order and have it delivered on a "rush", meaning 15-20 minutes.  For the record, our items finally came 30 minutes later, bringing it to a total waiting time just shade under 2 hours.  Ridiculous.  But besides that whole ordeal, it's a really nice and posh hotel.  The rooms are spacious, comfy, and their curtains block out any sunlight for when you just need to crash when you get back into your room at 6 AM and sleep after a night out.It's also connected to the Venetian, and that is a whole other adventure in of itself.  If not for the minor hiccup with room service, it's one of the nicer (and newer) hotels on the strip!
5	My husband and I stayed here for a business trip. GORGEOUS and spacious room with a view of the Wynn through our window. I regret not going for a swim (silly me waits for a thunderstorm) as the pool area looked amazing. I believe there were two pools plus a hot tub. This hotel is attached to The Venetian which is really a site to see with "canal rides" and mimes and musicians near the restaurants. Only drawback was that the maps were very difficult to read. They not always had a "you are here" marker and the maps were unclear when switching floors.
1	7/28/14The Girl above review is Clue Less! Stayed 3 days with no problems? Not here both towers no power for 2 hrs and no internet for 15hrs but she gives 5 stars what a bunch if crap! I suggest you call hotel and asked them if all I said is true in the dates provided! You will se it's sucks! NO Power Generators! 1hr with out power and counting over 30 floors affected And No emergency lights?.. No Phone calls And lied about how long it will take! This is my review for this hotel it has power issue in all floorsI am in my room for a hour with 3,000 guest from our Mike Ferry conference no power in different floors at the palazzo we have suites and all floors lost power!In the dark typing this, phone are cordless so no luck there except my suite has office with a reg phone so I called front desk they said its weather related sorry not our fault and generator will be up in a few minutes! We'll that was 1 hr ago, called back they said it's will be up shortly! ***** there is no way that any Generators in any hotel take 1 hr to turn on**** yes I am familiar with them they use gasoline or diesel! So this hotel does not have generators! Or forgot to buy gasoline???This is the worst experience from dirty rooms to no electricity in all floors I called on my cell phone and 15 of my partners in our conference have been waiting also, hotel says its a power storm they can't control! well it's not raining outside and the generators they can control! So they liedDo  not come to this hotel who cares about the free comps will get from this Stay it's just not worth it Mike Ferry should choose somewhere else to do business! Because this is not worth sitting at a conference for hours a day to come back to this crap! Stay at the Wynn hotel I can see From my room they have power! So not weather affected 7/28/14 I have to be here for 4 more days I don't know what will do now?.... Managers do not know what's to say except. Generator will be up shortly well it's now been 1 hr 10 minutes no power?..Update been 1hr 30 minutes no power Palazzo has no emergency generators or emergency light can't wait for Nevada hotel commission to here of this unsafe issueNo lights means you better watch your step in your room since they are steps and no lights if it wasn't for my ipad or phone you would fall break something on these steps!Shame on you!
1	7/28/2014: no power or air for more than an hour with temps soaring 100s. No internet for 12 hours even though they charge you resort fee. No eta on anything. Sometimes sorry doesn't cut it when you pay premium price for a room for comfort.
4	I love the smell of this hotel, I know I'm weird. They have huge rooms (suites) and I love how they have a vanity in the bathroom. The Palazzo is very similar to The Venetian which I stayed both in the past. The Palazzo is better than Aria in my opinion. I would pick to stay in The Palazzo out of all the hotels in Vegas.
3	2.5 stars tops...Going to keep this short.Good: The rooms are spacious, well appointed and cleaned daily before 1pm Only annoyance was the pay-for-tray of water and nuts placed and secured right in front of television.Good: The pools are numerous, the chaise lounge chairs are numerous and picked up after by the pool attendants. Pool is open until 8pmFair: Casino and casino drink service. Casino is a bit small, and for the low budget slot player that i am, very limited variety of slots. Drink service seemed to be omnipresent during the morning hours but difficult to find in the evening. Poor: The absolutely obnoxious security theater when using the elevators to go to our room. Yelling at hotel guests because they didn't show the stupid key card was something that I finally went to management for. Of course, the young manager gal responded by just spouting out the same lines that the folks who believe 911 is valid enough for everyone to be on the lookout. Probably would never go back because of this bs.Too bad.
5	love this hotel! I've stayed many years ago several times. We just stayed this weekend and it's still the same, however there is slight aging in some of the furniture. Nothing bad, but you can see a bit in the wood of the bench etc. The room was spacious, clean and classic decor. The hotel smells nice and airy compared to most hotels. (we've also stayed at their sister hotel Venetian and like that as well) What we love the most is the location. Central on the strip and close to all the action. Everything you need is here. Restaurant Row for foodies (Puck, Batali, Legasse, Keller and even a new place by the cake boss) and also midlevel food options italian, asian noodles, grimaldis, Burgers and Beer and even coffee bean, a juicery, espressamente (gelato/ expresso etc) Walgreens is out front if you forget anything. There is also a higher end mall within. But you can also cross to get to fashion show mall. You really don't have to leave these 2 hotels. The pool is great for us since we have a toddler and there's a large portion that is 1.5 ft. deep so he had a lot of room to swim/play. You can access all the pools at Venetian/Palazzo so you have many pool choices. There are several bars, Tao Club (Venetian) and also a day club so you if you're attending those, you don't need to walk far. The crowd is mixed with partiers, families, couples etc. Unlike the Cosmopolitan which is mostly younger/ partiers so if you want a nice solely "party hotel" chose the Cosmo, however they did have a lot of good-looking people dressed to club /dinner here as well. Bellagio & Wynn are comparable but a tad more upscale crowd.Everyone was super friendly friendly to us as soon as we walked to the directory, we we were asked if we needed help, same at the pool area, elevators that i'm quite shocked by some bad reviews. Luckily we didn't have any power outtage issues like a reviewer experienced. If you park close to where it says Front Desk, you'll have a short walk to registration and to the rooms. Only cons are that the tub is a bit smaller (Trump and caesars palace had a huge 2 person tub while this is just a single) No free bottled waters, no fridge (it's a mini bar you have to pay for if anything is moved) So if you're looking of more of an apartment/suite type, maybe the trump or vdara.
5	Of the elite hotels on the strip, the Palazzo is certainly the best value, featuring huge suites that can sleep 6-7 people comfortably (2 per bed, 1 on couch, 2 on fold-out).  Thus, the Palazzo is an excellent choice for bachelor parties.  The best steakhouse in Vegas (CUT) is located just outside the casino, and one of the other best restaurants in town, Batali's Carnevino is near the lobby.  For pool-side action and nightclubs, you couldn't be in a better spot.  There are usually at least one or two celeb sightings, as there is typically an event going and the Palazzo is a bit more low-key than other high end hotels.  I've run into Paris Hilton, Jude Law, and Chris Paul on three separate weekends just by hanging out at the casino bar.  The concierge is incredibly helpful with snagging last minute tickets to hot shows even when you think they are sold out, so talk to them anyway -- my friends and I were able to score front row seats to La Reve the day of.  The only knock on the casino is that with opulence comes high table minimums, so expect to at least bet $15 on blackjack, etc.  If you're looking for cheaper stakes, T.I. is an easy walk across the street and has $10 tables all-day.  Bottomline, I wish I had the luxury to visit here more often!
2	The Palazzo needs to get their act together.  My family and I stayed here over 4th of July weekend and were pretty disappointed.  We asked for a non-smoking room, but we were given a room where some hooligan smoked some chains in.  We complained and they said because it was a holiday weekend, they could not offer us a new room and sent up an air filter that was supposed to suck up all the smoke.  I hardly believe, that a major resort doesn't have any extra rooms.  The air filter took over 2  hours to arrive at our room. We roamed around the strip for 4 hours and came back to a still stinky room.  Not to mentioned that thing was extremely loud.  The only compensation they could offer us was to take off our resort fees.  Not only was our room stinky, but the maids didn't do a good job of cleaning our room before we arrived.  A lot of toiletries were missing and small items like the bag for the ice bucket wasn't replaced.  Although they made seem like small things, when you're paying for a nice resort, you expect a well cleaned and stocked room.
5	I love this place. Have been a fan of the Venetians for many years now and finally have chosen the palazzo to be my new favorite spot to visit. The grand canal shops are a joy to visit. The experience of staying in a gorgeous room here is just to die for. I do still miss the Venetians
5	Our experience was definitely on the luckier side but I only factored it into my rating slightly. My girlfriend and I came in really late Friday night after driving for about 4 hours. Driving into the casino was quick and painless. We went to the lobby and talked to the receptionist, Katja, who was very sweet and kind. We booked our reservation through Priceline's "Express deals" and called ahead of time confirming that we will be checking in late. Turns out that there were no non-smoking king rooms left. Katja kindly upgraded us to the Siena Suite (almost 1300 square feet of space!)The Good:Huge room! Absolutely beautiful. Very clean and modernRoom service did a great jobNice views from the roomCasino area is large and spaciousSmoke smell is significantly diminished on the casino floorBeautiful waterfalls and displays around the casinoEasy access to the Venetian (do not even have to go outside)Bed was large and comfortableBathroom had a jacuzzi tub and a multi-fauceted shower. The Bad:Private security checking rooms keys before entering the theaters is a bit redundant.Pool area was very crowdedSmall TV, but who cares? Get out and gamble!Given the incredible deal we received and our upgrade. We were thoroughly impressed with the service and facilities here. I will likely come back and try and book through them again. Some reviews do look terrible but try and understand the circumstances they are in.
4	The home of great restaurants and nice ambiance..
5	No complaints!
4	The hotel lived up to expectations. It still doesn't match the Wynn, but it's a good place to stay if you can find a deal. Room: Large and comfortable. Every room is a suite; bedroom area connected to a sunken living room. Tipping $20 to check-in clerk led to an upper floor strip view. Unfortunately the "strip view" at the Palazzo isn't the best. More than likely you'll just be facing TI. The view of the mountains in the distance was nice. Having an upper floor was nice though, and definitely worth the extra $20 (tip).Casino: We didn't end up gambling here much due to higher table minimums, but it does seem smaller than most on the strip (not that that's bad necessarily). We did walk through often though, and it's a nice casino. Fresh and clean. Didn't smell like smoke, like many casinos do. Overall, I'd stay here again if the price/deal was good enough. For the "normal" price though, the Wynn is better.
3	**Update: I ended up dealing with Leann in risk management, and SHE was also great. Very diligent about call backs as well. She managed to get a reimbursement set up, so I'm upgrading this another star. They ended up doing right by the customer, just took them awhile!**I haven't been so disappointed in a hotel in a long time. Let me be clear, my disappointment is with staff, not with the property. I really like the property (which makes it a 2 star instead of 1), but probably won't be coming back because of the staff. My girlfriend left a phone charger in the room, and when I got off of work 4 hours later I went back to get it. Was told to call lost and found the next day, to which they said they didn't have it yet. We then stopped in the day after that to talk to someone in person... And we were given the run around. Bounced from security to concierge back to security, NOBODY giving any answers or taking any responsibility, and a bunch of people shrugging in a "I don't have any idea what you should do" kind of way. The security guard was older, and just seemed to not care. I told him I work at a similar hotel on the strip, I know phone chargers can go missing. He said yup, sometimes they just disappear (clearly implying employees take them). To which I asked, so because someone takes our phone charger we are SOL? He looked at us and nodded in confirmation. He also said sometimes phones themselves just develop legs and walk out never to be seen again... Really? Glad your employees didn't take a phone worth hundreds of dollars? Thank god it was just a charger? Phew!Shocked, we asked to file a security report. This is when we were handed over to Daniel, who was far and away the best person we dealt with at the palazzo. He is what customer service should be. He was nothing short of amazing. We walked him through where we left it, he said people leave chargers in that socket CONSTANTLY (it's on the opposite side of the wall divider between living room and the beds). He sympathized, did the report with us and everything. Spent like 30-45 minutes making sure we had everything done and were comfortable. HE was 5 star quality. He have me a number in risk management to call to follow up in 3-4 days, and to possibly ask for reimbursement. I waited 2 weeks to call because I was really busy working, but then I left 4 voicemails for Eugene Fitch in risk management over 2 weeks. She never called back. I called the general line, and somebody finally called me back a few days later...  Now a month after the stay. They couldn't find my report, but called me back later having located it. The result? Uh...lost and found didn't have it, so there's nothing we can do. Well, thanks for nothing Palazzo. You wasted ample amounts of my time, did nothing to fix a new $30 charger being left behind, even though we spent 5-600 dollars on property. I know that isn't a lot compared to other customers, but $30 is so trivial to lose a customer over. It wouldn't have bothered me as much either if the customer service wasn't so bad. I gave them ample time to respond, and got nothing. I don't know if Eugene Fitch actually exists. I can't think of any other customer service where someone would ignore FOUR voicemails!I find it hard to believe a 5 star establishment operates like this. I feel cheated and taken advantage of, particularly because I wasn't an a**hole to anyone. Someone who wanted to be a jerk would probably have been taken care of, I see that all the time. But because I understand what it's like in the industry, and assumed they would find a solution given enough time... I'm stuck with a "yeah, nothing we can do."I'll spend my money at Wynn or Bellagio in the future, and make sure to triple check for my charger before leaving!
1	Aweful door man. I was looking for shuttle to convention center. This guy whom I ask for direction, he told me " who told you that we have shuttle service in this hotel?"He really want to find out even before he answer my question. I ask him again the same question and he was pissed off. But customer service:( not helpful stuck up door man!
1	All I can say is WOW.  Worst customer service I've seen in my entire life.  We booked our "king bed" room well in advance of our stay, and arrived to find out they were "over 100% booked" and couldn't give us a king bed, but they were "kind" enough to offer us a discounted rate for a suite with a king bed for just another $50...  We reluctantly said yes, and were shocked to find that the suite is the exact same room as a regular room but with a totally useless sitting area.  Thanks Palazzo!I've probably stayed here 50 nights, but I will never stay here again.  I'm afraid next time I show up they'll tell me they don't have any rooms with working bathrooms left but for $2,000 they can upgrade me to one that at least has a shower.  Congrats Palazzo, over $50 of nickel and diming you lost a great customer for life.Update: As if that's not bad enough, we've been waiting for our bags for 40 minutes now, I'm thinking maybe they are holding them hostage and going to ask for another $50 to bring them up.
5	This is my second time staying in Palazzo and it has been the best experience so far! Reception desk is professional, service at the pool and hotel staff is professional. Elevators are fast! Rooms are amazing, beautiful and clean. Everything in the room works! Room service is good. Huge pool area with several pools. Nothing to complain at all! Definitely will come back!
5	The Palazzo was everything we imagined it could be. We chose the Palazzo primarily for its location. The check in line was long upon arrival, but it moved in a steady pace and we were checked into our luxury suite rather quickly. All of the rooms here are suites, but we upgraded for a luxury suite to get a nice view. Our room was on the thirtieth floor overlooking the pool and the Strip. It wasn't much to look at during the day, but at night, it was breathtaking. The room was well appointed with a king size bed, full bathroom with quality toiletries. There were three TV's and a separate living area with sofa and loveseat. The sofa was a sleeper, we could've had two more people stay comfortably since the room was over seven hundred twenty square feet. The Palazzo is connected to the Venetian which was another plus. There is a Walgreens connected to the Palazzo on the bottom floor which made it extra convenient to get our bottled waters. We liked the fact that it's connected to the Venetian. With that in mind, the number of shops, restaurants, cafes, spas, and nightclubs are endless. I highly recommend the Palazzo if you want to take in as much as you can, on the Strip. Oh, and if you are environmentally conscious:They recycle everything here!The hotel runs on solar power, with thousands of solar powered panels on the roof tops, it's quite incredible! Everything is running off of the solar panels! There are employees who are in charge of separating all of the waste, from plastic, paper, and compost waste. Everything is recycled! Pretty cool!
1	Very long check-in. Rude service. Housekeeping does a poor job cleaning the room. Pubes in the bathtub. TV didn't work, called to have it fixed, they said it needed to be replaced, but they took a day and a half to fix it. Total of four phone calls needed because they had closed our ticket without fixing the problem. Very high resort fees regardless of whether you use the amenities -- why not just add the fees to the daily rate? They said there would be a mini-fridge and a microwave. There was no microwave, and using the mini-fridge results in a charge, even if you don't eat or drink anything. Moving anything in the fridge results in an automatic charge. And they make it so you are forced to move something if you want to store your own perishable food, such as your leftovers.No tea or coffee in the room -- never seen that at any hotel, anywhere in the world.The suite is "large," but it is really split into two parts, one is a small room with a bedroom, and the other has a sofa, which I find of no use at all. The view was terrible.The show at the Palazzo is not good, and their "coupon book" that comes with the room only has coupons to terrible places. The places that are worth visiting don't offer coupons in that stupid book.The casino is not bad, but you can enter it and play without staying at this awful hotel. Worst hotel we have ever stayed in. Not at all worth its price tag (especially including the fees they don't mention anywhere).
5	This is my favorite hotel on the strip! Its the easiest hotel to get to off I-15! The suites are the perfect size with all the amenities. I'm always able to book a room near the elevators. I stay at this hotel because it has the best sports book in town (Lagasse Stadium). Also I have found the staff to be the most helpful and cordial.
5	i really liked this room. the space for two people was fantastic. I would definitely stay here again. price was good if you book early enough. automatic drapes and blinds are cool.two lcd tvs, one large l shaped sofa in the seating area. nice bathroom etc etc. what you expect from a suite.
4	I came here for the day to meet my friend who was staying here with her family.  We were staying at another hotel.  We spent the day by the pool.  The pool was fantastic, super clean, and the water was the perfect temperature.  The lounge chairs were very comfy.  It was a bit of a hassle because you must have a room key to go up to a room and to the pool.  So, we had to wait in the lobby for my friend to come down and meet us.  I felt like a criminal : ).The rooms are nice, I think they advertise all rooms as suites, but my suite at the Tropicana was a lot bigger. We ate at Solaro by the pool.  Not impressed.  See my separate review.
5	We stayed here and the Encore in the same trip. My wife and I both liked the Palazzo much better! Better food choices by far with reasonable prices and open late. Rooms are huge and comfy and the pools are outstanding! Slots are ton loser as well!  If you can't make up your mind, Choose Palazzo! We are also a tad older (age 50) and the crowd was more our speed. My wife liked that all the girls weren't little pixy skinny, high maintenance 20 something's. Sorry if that's you because you should be at Encore than. Lol...A couple of side notes- Carpeting in the rooms and some of the casino, pretty dated and needs replacing.
4	This is my 1st time staying here and it is such a gorgeous place! I had a suite and the view was breathtaking. It was directly across from Wynn and overlooking the golf course!  I did ordered room service and the food was disappointing.  The chicken was so salty! Overall the staff was great! I will be back but I'm going to cut out the late night room service.
3	We booked only for one night for labor day weekend and due to the fact that their rooms are suites. I didn't get a discount because of the holiday but i did get an upgrade from a luxury suite to a Bella suite due to our room unavailability. The upgrade was a plus as well as valet service.The room itself was a different story,i found a stranger belongings and food which dated back to JULY(based on their check in receipt)inside the bedside drawer and dirty socks on the floor!i requested extra towels and a cork opener but didn't get it till after 30 mins.we figured the room wasn't thoroughly clean and didn't touch anything else other than the bed.for a 5 diamond hotel i was expecting a little bit more of excellent cleanliness service.the pools are pretty small and crowded so we only stayed for 30 mins.i agree that the room was pretty spacious and i did get a free upgrade but for cleanliness and housekeeping services i give this one an F and as much as i like the spacious room I'm not coming back and unless they offer free continental breakfast then maybe ill reconsider.i can get a better and bigger room for the price that they gave me on the strip and those would have probably made me happier and contented.but thanks palazzo for the one night and the extra deposit you requested for reasons you can't give to me.
5	Stayed at this hotel when my family and I were in Vegas. The suite was so nice and clean! I especially loved the bathroom! The bathroom was all marble and the size of my bedroom back home. We ate at one of the restaurants downstairs on our 1st night there. The casino was big and clean - I enjoyed playing the slots and roulette. I would definitely come back and stay here next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Best hotel I have ever stayed in Strip. The room was big and there were few steps of stairs between the bedroom and living room. I really enjoyed my stay here!
5	I checked in at my Favorite Hotel . It's  5 star rating by my standard. However, with the front desk customer service Allison .. I'd add another 1 star for for outstanding service .. Soon as I approach the counter . She greeted the us.. 1 check !! I told her if I could upgrade to a 2 Queen Bed instead of king .. She politely said yes we could but need to pay to difference 2 check .. After I told her about Mom and requested a room close to the elevator.. She said Yes!!! With a smile .. She even ask me if we need assistance ..  There goes the personal touch .True to what she promised.. Our room was on the 30th  room 802 .... Mom was very very happy since she's a slow walker.. Our room was the first room from the lift..I insisted that I speak to her Manager for me to compliment her.. She's an good example for customer service that goes beyond .. Bravo to Allison .. And Bravo to The Palazzo my Home in Las Vegas .. One last thing.. True to my upbringing id ask politely to the people you encounter they'll give you the same treatment or even More..To ALLISON the front desk .. More power to you
1	Underwhelming experience.  One of the worst meals of our life at Morels - the hotel manager could care less and told us the restaurants are under separate management and so not her problem.  As patrons of the Bellagio, we were excited about Palazzo - however the horrendous meal at Morels will keep us away forever.
1	Horrible hotel experience!  If I could give them zero stars I would. My friends and I stayed here for a friend's birthday weekend. We parked in Valet for ease and convenience. After hitting the club, we went back to our hotel to crash and we discovered the pipes below the sink were leaking. We called for additional blankets and somebody to come check the sink. Even with the obvious water drops on the floor and on the leaky pipes, they said it wasn't broken and if it continues to call them back. No option to move to a different room. It took 3 calls to get an extra blanket. They apparently sent an extra blanket to the incorrect room. We were barely asleep for an hour or two when at 5:00am we got a call from the hotel saying our car was broken into in the valet parking lot.  Apparently someone broke into 7 other guys that night. We spent 3 hours with security and our next day was ruined. We got back to our room at 8am and had to sleep in. We had plans to go to a dayclub followed by a buffet and then a nightclub. We only had time for a nightclub because we didn't sleep all night. We went to complain to a the guest services manager Patrick who did not seem to care. All we got were "sorry", "shit happens", and "there's nothing we can do".   He even went to say that valet was a "locked area".  However, my other friend parked right across from valet in the self park area and there's only a covered fence with a gate. The gate stayed open the entire time we were there.  The gate is not locked or even closed, anybody can walk to the valet area. I wish I had taken a picture of it to show how easy it is to get to our car that was broken into. When we complained about the pipes, he said I'm sorry. He didn't follow up with the leaky sink at all. I have to say, for an upscale hotel, they have the worst customer service. Never going back to this hotel. Worst hotel ever.
5	Still one of my favorite resorts to stay at when in Vegas. Rooms are always spacious and plenty of restaurants and stores within walking distance.  Standard suites come with either king sized bed (luxury suite) or two queen beds (Bella suite) with pull-out couch. I've also stayed at their hospitality suites which come with a patio area. Hungry? You have two Grand Luxe Cafes to choose from, Lavo Italian, or The Cut steakhouse if you're feeling fancy. Thirsty? Grab a drink at he many bars, pick up a coffee at The Coffee Bean, or detox from last night's binge drinking with some juice at Juice Bar. These are all just to name a few. I am overall well-rested and happy with each stay at The Palazzo.
5	Best Place to stay in Vegas. I love how big the rooms are and the decor. I wish a hotel room was my bedroom! Great access to the strip too.
3	Just spent 3 nights here. I usually stay at Aria or MO, but it was comped... so why not. Check-in was a breeze. The rooms are similar in style to Venetian, but not really a fan. The bed was extremely creaky (good thing I wasn't banging a showgirl... as I normally am). Small tub. I'm going to assume we were given one of the older rooms since they didn't give us a sunken living room. Looks much nicer on their site. Still.. wasn't bad.The one big plus for Palazzo is the layout of the resort. Everything is where it should be. Want to go to the fitness center? It's underground (unlike Aria... where you walk through a common area to get to the spa) and there are two gyms - a small one at Palazzo and a bigger one at Venetian... also underground; they're connected). Valet drop-off is on the main level. Valet pick-up is downstairs. It's a short walk to Wynn, Palazzo stores like Barney's, and restaurant row/Grand Canal at Venetian. It's ok. I'd stay here if the room was free, but I still prefer Aria.
4	I really enjoyed our stay. The suite was lovely. They messed up on our breakfast twice, but it was included with our stay, so I can't really complain.
2	Nice rooms, but absolutely zero amenities. No in room coffee (!), and no place to buy any before 7am. No mini fridge without extra fee. No gym access without extra fee. I'm surprised they don't charge extra for toilet paper. Although I had a reservation for a king room, when none were available they "upgraded" me to a queen. A luxury experience means getting the little things right.
5	I loved this hotel! I wish we had stayed more than one night. It's beautiful everywhere you go and the price was really good. You get an awesome room for your money. We had a great view of the mountains which I though was peaceful considering the lights and craziness of the strip. I wanted to take everything in the room home with me! Seriously I WANT the couch! The staff was great and there was so much exploring to do. You can easily get to the Venetian Shops and so many other places. I would stay here again!
4	The palazzo is my favorite hotel/casino in Vegas.  Rooms are comfortable and have a art-deco type of vibe to it, the service is generally on point, and the casino is usually not insanely crowded.  The only complaint I would ever have is that they don't have their own poker room.  And as someone who spends most of their gambling time at the poker tables - its a pain in the ass and a long walk to the venetian side.
4	This is one of the top 5 hotel/casinos, facility-wise, in Vegas (IMHO). The building is beautifully appointed and well tended to. That said, the service levels have been suspect on many of my adventures here, however, that was not the case on my most recent trip. I had great encounters with the front desk personnel and my favorite new bartender on the strip (pro tip- go see Wendy. She'll get you very pleasantly drunk).WHEN YOU GO- all the rooms are suites but not all suites are created equal. For a mild upgrade fee ($40 a day) I went from their standard 550-ish sq foot rooms to an 1,100 sq footer with amazing pool views and a bathroom bigger than most strip rooms. If you'll be hanging at the pool, and I recommend you do, be aware that in the fall months the sun shifts drastically and quickly. Your killer spot that you staked out at 10:30am could easily be in the dark by 1pm. Ask the friendly pool staff where the spotz are. And don't forget to tip for that intel!
1	Disgusting job on cleaning the rooms. Dried pee stains on both of the rooms that were assigned to us. Managers did not care enough to speak to us personally about the situation.
1	This used to be our favorite hotel to stay in. Not anymore. My girlfriend and I came out to Las Vegas to celebrate her birthday. I booked the room a month in advance and everything seemed like it was gonna be a good stay. We were thrilled about the discount we got on the room since we were part of their Grazie loyalty program.Fast forward to check in:We get into the room and I rush to the restroom. When you gotta go, you gotta go. I look at the toilet and there are dried up urine stains on the porcelain toilet. I called the front desk right away and made it clear that this was unacceptable. For an hour I got bounced around from room to room and every room had disgusting and half-done cleaning jobs. I was passed on from customer service reps to security personnel to finally a housekeeping manager who FINALLY informed me that they are looking into it.Word of advice: if you don't value the money you spend on a "nice" vacation then by all means stay at the palazzo where sanitation and customer service are the last of their priorities
4	Great service, great hotel. Only problem I had was the clock radio was set at 6 am and I could not turn it off or unplug it.  Nice big rooms with nice big price.
5	When my mom checked in to the Venetian, they told her we were in the Palazzo and they didn't have any rooms left in the actual Venetian hotel (Palazzo is part of the Venetian) but that was just fine with us because the suites were amazing! We had great city and mountain views, big bedrooms, a large sunken living room with a couch, office area, and the bathrooms were awesome as well (with TV's!). We had a great time and loved this location. I'd definitely recommend it!
5	Best vegas hotel experience I've ever had. I go to vegas at least twice a year and can't believe I have just now found this jewel of a place.  Service is top notch, hotel rooms are first class too. Food and beverages were also very generous considering your in vegas. I didn't see one smoker the entire time I was there. It's worth the price if you really want a great experience! Decent walk to the convention center and right across the street from the mall and the monorail
5	Customer service is top of the line. The staff is very kind and try their best to assist you. The rooms were also extremely nice and well maintained. I will definitelty be going back here.
1	Have stayed here a few times and it wasnt bad until my last experience. We got to our room and found wet dirty womens underwear inside the bed covers. Called front desk but they didnt seem to be beothered and just asked us to move to another room. The second room had a view if you call that an upgrade. But we stayed over the weekend and the first day i understand we forgot to remover our do not disturb so they didnt clean our room, second day we slept in and removed our do not disturb after noon or around 1 pm. We came back to our hotel at night and nothing had been cleaned, do they not check if guests sleep in? Called to ask if they can change our sheets but instead just dropped off fresh sheets and left.... Not a great experience and wont be returning here ever again
4	Came here again in may 2014 and noticed they raised the resort fee.I really like the palazzo I wonder if there is a way to wAve the resort fee
4	This is a really lovely hotel and casino, definitely the nicest place I have ever stayed.We had a Luxury Suite (the most basic) and it was huge. We wouldn't have needed anything bigger. We didn't bother with a strip view booking and it actually ended up ok as we were overlooking the Wynn golf course with a view of the mountains, which I think is nicer. Everything was clean (though we did find a stray sock under the bed that wasn't ours!) and all staff we spoke to were very nice.They have a baggage hold and we left our baggage on check out day with no problems.The casino is small but I thought it was the nicest of those we visited on the strip, plus it connects directly to the Venetian if you want something bigger.There is a Walgreens next door (though you can't keep anything in the mini bar so don't buy any cold snacks that will need to be stored) and Fashion Show Mall is just across the road. It's not a far walk to major casinos such as Bellagio and Ceasars.I would definitely stay again, I don't think any other hotels on the strip can compare in terms of location and value for money.
5	This is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas. I had booked a standard suite over the phone and upon check in I was offered one of there larger,  1 bedroom 2 bathroom suites, for a few bucks more a day. I accepted the offer and couldn't wait to see my super awesome suite. I can't remember the name of the suite but it was large.It may have been 1800 sq ft. Anyhow, it was a contemporary version of the Venetian. The Venetian is classic Italian / Victorian theme where the Palazzo is a more calm and cool version. It was simply gorgeous. There is so much to do in this hotel. So much shopping. Awesome boutique on the second level that sells dresses for not so bad a price. I can't remember the name but I bought a $1200 for $200. There was an obvious sale going on. The pool area was stunning. Huge pool, there is more than one pool, awesome spa. Great dining options. I passed by the night clubs and looked pretty nice inside but I never went in. Staff is really nice. I love this hotel and cannot wait for another stay at the Palazzo.
5	My experience at pallazo was nothing but positive! First off, the Bella suites are great. We had a group of 6 girls, and we were all able to stay in one room. We never felt cramped, and the bathroom space was big enough for all of us to get ready comfortably. Everyone we ran into was pleasant and greeted us with a smile. We requested early check in and also late check-out, both of which they were able to do. Our room was always clean when we came back. Best place to stay with a group!!
5	It's a toss up for me....Palazzo or Aria.  So I try to mix it up for each trip.  This time I stayed at the Palazzo.  And I was NOT disappointed.  Never am!  The service is incredible.  I probably asked so many questions but the front desk staff answered everything.The rooms are incredible.  You really feel comfy and like you are in "vegas" luxury.  And all you need to do is ask...normally you can't touch anything in the fridge or you bought it -- but for me (because I'm pregnant) they took everything out and let me use it for personal use.  Wow.  I like the security checks to get up to your room.  Just that extra level of security makes you feel more safe.Also the access to the parking is the best in Vegas.  One elevator away.It will be hard to go back to Aria after my last stay here :-)
4	I did a staycation here for New Year's and had a wonderful time!  Even though I am a big fan of Wynn/Encore; the Palazzo staff and facilities did everything right!  Stayed in a Prestige suite which usually gives you a quiet room away from the partying masses and the lounge with free food and drinks is a nice touch.I tried a number of their venues and had good to great experiences at all:  LAVO Lounge, Morel's, Grand Lux Cafe and Laguna Champagne Bar.   I would definitely return here again for the ambience, restaurants and great customer service.
