4	I was a little apprehensive when we went to visit my newly-relocated parents in the Phoenix area... would it be a vast cultural wasteland with chains, chains, everywhere?  Well, actually, it is... I have never seen so many freaking Wal-Marts so close together.  (Between the airport and where my parents live, I counted five -- three regular and two supercenters.  blecch.)  But then they suggested a yummy dinner for the day after Thanksgiving... and I was thrilled that it was BARBECUE!  I am not exactly a connisseur, but from what I understand there is no bad barbecue.  Only good barbecue and really fucking good barbecue.  This falls under good, only because I don't know what really fucking good tastes like.  (This might even be really fucking good but that will have to wait until I get myself to Memphis or KC or something.)  I had the 1/2 lb meat plate, a veritable bargain with pulled pork, sliced brisket, a hunk of toasty bread, and a side of mac & cheese for only $8.99.  The regular barbecue sauce is sweet and tangy and still manages to get a little heat in there, too.  (There's also a spicier version, but I'm a wimp and I still wanted to be able to taste my meat.)    Only four stars from me, though, because after spending a long day with the family, a cold beer would have been the perfect addition to my meal -- and yet there was NO alcohol sold on the premises.  Sadness.  (Also, they don't sell their sauces on the Internet, which meant that I didn't get to bring any home with me given that I wasn't willing to check my bag for the flight home.)I will definitely be back here every time I find myself in the area visting the fam.
5	This is a standby for treating visitors to a glimpse of life in the East Valley, situated in that downtown stretch of Gilbert, the panoramic mural, the tractor, and the massive portions of absolutely amazing barbecue.  Oh so tasty.  The beef brisket and pulled pork are the best.
5	Joe's Real Barbecue is one of my family's favorite places. Great for groups, dates, kids, the grandparents, you name it. The atmosphere is strictly casual, with long picnic tables and plastic silverware. There is a big outdoor seating area we especially like, and if the kids finish before us they can run around in the grass without bothering anyone.Go with the the pulled pork / sliced brisket combination with cole slaw and mac and cheese. Although everything I've tried here is good. The cheese bread is also especially tasty.Oh, and how can I forget the lemon cake? Sweet and tangy, just like my Mom makes :)
3	The decor for this place is amazing, just loved the vintage poster and the restored classic John Deer tractor in vivid green.   Even the glass soda pop bottles still in ice in the tin tub were just so gosh darn cute.Unfortunately, the food didn't quite match up to the decor.  The main flavor profile was the sweetness that permeated the beef brisket, the pork rib, the hot links and...yes the baked beans.   My favorite was the baked beans and the house made rootbeer which had an almost medicinal kick to itOverall, the food was ok and the fun retro atmosphere is worth the vist if you're in the area.
5	I was looking for a place to find true BBQ in Phoenix and I sure as hell found it with Joe's.  I got the sampler platter which is a combination of the most popular meat they serve... ribs, chicken, and pulled pork.  Everything was phenomenal and a great environment too.  I went to school at PSU where we are lucky enough to get Clems BBQ, this makes up for good ole clem and then some.  Definitely will go again, good look Joe.
5	This is my favorite barbecue joint in the Valley. I'm not much of a meat eater, but I can't resist the BBQ at Joe's. I love the pulled pork sandwich. The barbecue sauce is phenomenal and will have you lapping up every last bite. The mac 'n' cheese, which comes with a crusted topping, is to-die-for and makes a wonderful side. The desserts here are also awesome. Be sure to try the rootbeer or the lemon cake.
3	It just wasn't that great to me.  It's fine for BBQ and the baked beans were different (in a good way) but it just wasn't up to the hype I had  heard about from so many different people.
5	My favorite place to eat =) Their food is sooo good. I have never gotten anything there and not liked it. I usually get the huge baked potato stuffed with chicken and a put lots of the bbq on it and i get the beans too (really good) if Im really hungry I get mac n cheese too.  I always get the homemade rootbeer. Their rootbeer was the only thing i craved while i was pregnant...LoL.And we always buy a couple bottles of the bbq sauce. It is a great, casual, fun place to eat.
5	If you haven't been here...WHY?!  It is WELL worth the drive.  My little bro, who is/was a picky eater would dine 3 times a day, 7 days a week here if he could (once he starts driving I'm not sure we'll see him around, ha!).Pecan-smoked onsite, even the restrooms are permeated with the aroma.  Hot links and brisket (sliced) w/ mac and cheese make up my usual.  Root beer is fab, and the choc chip cookies are the best.  And everything is made from scratch.
4	The mister and I eat out way to much and have been frequenting the same places recently.. China Chile and Joe's Real BBQ have both been visited 3x each over the past 3 weeks.. okay so we're not as imaginative as we could be. The thing is that we have turned our friends on to these places and every time they go well, we get invited. We just love Joe's.. it's a combination of elements, decor, pricing and comfort. This place is like that great pair of sneakers you have, a very good fit. I almost always order the same thing.. pecan smoked ribs, mac 'n cheese and share a loaded baked potato to share. The ribs are meaty and plentiful.. not like those anorexic bones they serve at some other places.. I'm a big eater and can never finish them in one sitting so a full slab can easily be shared. Mac and cheese there is really good even better then my home cooked version.. seems to me I have some practicing to do in that department. They also have this bbq ranch dressing for their salad that's a must try. Though who wants to eat a salad when there are some many good meats there to try. Their bbq sauce can be kind of sweet if you like that.. I'm a EOE (equal opportunity eater) and love all sorts of smoked meats and sauces but I know plenty of people who don't like that kind of sauce.No table service here either, strictly cafeteria style. So be sure to have someone in your party squat a seat before ordering if you see a good table.
2	Yes I may be picky.  But now I feel like I have to vomit.  A co-worker of mine told me that I had to try this place if I loved bbq.  Well, I am a sucker for ribs, but today I feel like just a sucker.  Horrible service "I would like to order a carry-out." "Then move over there"), horrible homemade Root Beer (I am drinking plain syrup and sugar), and horrible pain that I now have in my stomach.2 stars are for the Mac n Cheese...which I must say was burnt just right.  (I love burnt Mac n cheese...yum!)
5	I love this place. The food, the atmosphere (despite the cafeteria style like line - I think it sorta adds to its charm), and the atmosphere are totally on point. Everyone I've taken here loves it. It's just really good. I personally was won over by the bottled sodas and the cheesy potatoes. Don't get me wrong, the pulled pork is fantastic too, but you don't see bottle sodas very often, and I heart potatoes. It's also located in a really cute part of Gilbert which looks like an old town of somesort (forgive my ignorance, I'm a newbie here.)
4	Very good BBQ here.  I wouldn't say it's "the best", but it's right up there.  It's family owned, which is a big plus for me.  They also have homemade root beer!  It's a little on the pricey side.... expect around $10/person.  Another plus is their BBQ sauce does not contain gluten.
4	Living in Gilbert, places like Joe's Real BBQ are few and far between.  Somehow, that seems to make them all the sweeter and really makes me appreciate it for what it is...a family owned, one of a kind, original BBQ joint in the middle of a suburban (semi) wasteland.  The BBQ, although not the best I have ever had, is great.  The pulled pork is really tasty and the hot BBQ sauce is awesome.  You also can't miss the crusted mac and cheese or the homemade root beer.If you find yourself in downtown Gilbert, don't hesitate to stop in at Joe's.  You wont be disappointed.  Grab a 'Meat Plate', sit outside under the trees at a picnic table and be thankful that you can enjoy an American staple in such a cool, little place.
4	omg... their bbq sauce is soooooo good here and i love how the meat just falls off the bone.i'd come back here for the apple pie dessert though. that's just crack to me. i'm addicted
4	I was transported back to the twenties when I stepped into this establishment. I was expecting a sit-down place but Joe's is cafeteria-style! Totally reminded me of Clifton's in Los Angeles. Joe's is an oasis of character in a suburban wasteland.The pulled pork sandwich is to die for. I ordered the beef tips sandwich and had a major case of food envy when I tried my friend's pulled pork. Oh, pardon me as I dab the drool from my mouth!With decent sides and an array of old-timey bottled drinks Joe's is a fun place to eat. In my opinion there's no better way to end the week than with a cold bottle of orange Crush, good BBQ and homemade mac n cheese!
4	Large portions, the line moves quickly, great outdoor seating where my wild kids can roam free (watch out for them climbing the fence to get to the oh so tempting playground in the middle of traffic), and the food is outstanding.  My favorite is the brisket.  So tender with a touch of crunchiness in just the right places.
3	My uncle owns a pretty famous bbq restaurant in Memphis, TN. So I am always a bbq sceptic and tough critic. I have only tried the pulled pork sandwich and the bbq chicken breast sandwich. Both really good. All the way down to the bun it comes on....tasty and not too thick. The potato salad is good, except I did miss the chopped egg. A few customers walked by me w/ amazing looking deserts that made my mouth water. The true test of great bbq is the ribs. Next time I shall try them and update....".y'all come back now, ya hear?"
4	The food is great! no doubt!  The resturant is pretty cool too.  My kids actually enjoy the place, and eat the food and they always get to pick their favorite candy when they are done from all the old fashion candies.  Every once and awhile their line gets backed up pretty far, but i guess most resturants have that problem on a Saturdays.  The problem could be fixed with a little rearranging of a few things but it isn't that big of a deal.  We will go back many times in the future.
4	I love this place.  I go again and again, even though it is a good 40 minute drive.  Everything they have is always delicious, and the staff is friendly!  Plus you eat FREE on your birthday, what is not to love!Pulled pork is one of my faves with macaroni and cheese!
4	Way good. BBQ sauce is a+. Don't let the ordering method (think cafeteria) scare you.
5	A sign of any good BBQ place, in my book, is how the beef brisket is done. Joe's brisket is right on. Thick sliced with a nice pink smoke ring and burnt edges. Accompanied by the thin tangy sauce, it makes for a solid BBQ experience. I tried out the sampler plate complete with ribs, brisket, pulled pork and smoked chicken. Everything had a distinct smokey flavor and while it was good BBQ, nothing stood out as fantastic. The dry slice of herbed bread didn't add much either as it was a strange contrast to the sweet smokey meat. Side dishes I tried were just average - the slaw and sweet corn were decent if not a touch bland while the beans and potato salad earn high marks for their savory flavors. Altogether I have to say I'm a fan of the meat, but the side dishes-not so much. But hey, who goes to a BBQ joint for the sides anyway!Update:After dining in, I'm now a true believer. Jalapeno Turkey Sausage and fresh lemonade alone warrant 5 stars, and the service was fantastic. All the fresh side dishes I tried were solid. I'll write off the negative comments above to the fact I got take out that time. The atmosphere, with its down home, communal feel also lent to a great BBQ experience. And the beef brisket was still phenomenal.
5	Unfortunately wife is a vegetarian so it makes it VERY hard for me to go to BBQ places...not too many side dishes without meat for her :(  Brisket is YUMMY!  Only problem is that this place isn't much of a secret!  It gets PACKED!!!
5	I have to say that my girlfriend hates BBQ food and we love going to Joe's BBQ. We probably go at least 3 or 4 times a year, at least. The Best BBQ around, everything is home made. I bring family and friends in and they absolutely love it as well. Keep up the good work Joe's BBQ!!!
3	I admit I'm not a huge BBQ fan, as it usually makes me feel like exploding afterwards but since my dining partner loves BBQ, we've eaten here a lot. The meat is pretty good but at least one of the meats has been dry each time I've been. My favorite has been the ham. The spicy BBQ sauce is pretty darn tasty too. I've found myself putting black pepper on the mac and cheese to spice it up and haven't been all that impressed with the rest of their sides either. I'm a big fan of sides at BBQ places, even more than the meat, so when sides disappoint I get sad. :(I dumped out their homemade root beer after one sip. Don't know what was about it but it was very *off for me, and I seriously love root beer. My dining partner loved it so ehhh...maybe it's just me. The place is very interesting on the inside, the decor reminds me of a mid century cafeteria but more modern. They have a huge hand painted mural of a farm and a large outdoor seating area for parents to let their kids run around in while they eat. Joe's gets packed. I've seen the line wrap around to the outside on the weekends. I don't think it's worth waiting the 20-30 minutes in line for, but then again I don't think a lot of places are worth that wait for cafeteria style dining.
5	Best BBQ in the Phoenix metro area. The home made red cream soda and home made root beer is amazing. All the meats are tasty. The home made BBQ sauce is great. My favorites are the pulled pork, potato salad, chocolate chip cookies. There are lots of seating and very family friendly. If you live in the PHX metro area and you havent been to Joe's, I dont know what you have been doing with your life.
5	Still the BEST BBQ in town!!  The Pulled Pork and Beef Brisket were GREAT!  I'm not quite sure why they have knives there...completely unnecessary!  The BBQ Sauces are freshly made and heated.
4	We accidentally made it to Joe's Real BBQ in Gilbert this weekend, while searching for something totally different for dinner.  Running out of time, we stopped at Joe's in Gilbert.  I like the atmosphere, big tables, lots of outdoor (covered) seating, indoor, as well, with a rustic look n feel.  I had the pulled pork and beef brisket, with sides of cheesy potatoes and corn.  The corn was good (mmm, buttery!) but the cheesy potatoes were mostly inedible.  I was told later that the beans were the way to go, though.  However, the meats was absolutely delicious!  The smoke ring on the brisket was perfect, the pork moist and tender!  I was in heaven!  I tried the hot BBQ sauce, and was not disappointed!  It was fiery!  Great place for families, very kid friendly.If I have to go to Gilbert for lunch or dinner, I'll definitely go here, again.
5	One of the best local private owned BBQ restaurants. They also offer free meal for birthday visitors. Their rib is as good as what  you see on TV. It's more like country style BBQ. Their homemade root beer is great too. If you like BBQ, you should give them a try!
4	Great food, absolutely. However, it's pretty expensive for what you get.  Got the sampler, and while they say it's 3/4 of a pound, it doesn't seem like that much considering it's 14 bucks with a drink.  I still think Kinfolks is better, especially with how much food you get for the price.  But hey, Joes was great, and I would more than happily go again.
3	This is kind of a hit or miss place.The parking is fine. There is plenty of it in the surrounding lots.The decor and ambience is, well, loud. You stand in a LONG line (most of the time) to order food vis a vis cafeteria style. You can sit outside on benches, in an Arizona Room type patio on benches, or inside on benches (or one of the few booths).The menu is pretty straight forward. It's BBQ, right? There is a good selection of sides....And there is dessert.But the food is kind of shrug your shoulders good. It's not some place I would run back to, but I would also recommend it if you are in Gilbert and want Barbeque. (Which seems like an odd request)The biggest drawback, however, is the price. The prices are a bit high for what you get.  I am a quality over quantity type of eater -- maybe if I was quantity over quality it would be different.
4	The only decent BBQ joint in town. This is what I consider to be classic Gilbert eating. Its in the heart of "downtown" Gilbert (hahaha) and everyone has eaten here at least once. I took the boyfriend because he's a huge carnivore. This place has huge paintings on the walls and you can even spot real cowboys if you're lucky!! Its a great place to bring your kids. The buffet style eating can be a bit confusing, and you might feel rushed to order so you don't hold up the line. However, the ribs, pulled pork, homemade applesauce, gigantic yam, and homemade root beer we ate were all delicious. They give generous portions of the sides, a bit less generous on the meat. You MUST come here at least once if you're in town. (Unless you like alcohol and in that case be sure to drink somewhere else)
4	I've been coming here for 10 years and still love it. The bbq beans are really good. My favorite thing to get here is a jumbo baker (and they mean jumbo) with everything on it including a side of chopped beef and then I add their homemade bbq sauce to it. Sooooo good. Their homemade root beer and limeade are also yummy. I remember them having a customer appreciation day once a year (I think in May) where lunch and dinner and free! You would get a pulled pork sandwich, a side and a drink for nothing. The lines would be out the door, but the food is worth the wait. I also remember them offering a free dinner (can't remember the choices) on your birthday. It's a cute little place in downtown Gilbert. Check it out.
3	10 years ago when we moved to Gilbert this seemed like a genuine BBQ house that had a quaint little charm to it.Now it seems almost overly commercialized and has lost the home town feel.  The food is still better than most BBQ in AZ, but that isn't saying much.  Anyone who tells you this is tremendous BBQ has never been to Kansas City or Memphis.Definitely a great place to take the family and get well fed, but don't expect a mouth changing experience.  They do a good job catering.
4	This place is worth standing in line for. I recommend the mac 'n cheese.
4	I am a fan of these guys now because they did everything they could to change my mind about the place from my first experience.  I had the pulled pork sandwich this time and it really was good.  HOWEVER:If I could give them any advice it would be to lower their prices a bit because I still feel for 40 bucks (my experience with my wife and two kids meals added up to $41.50)  I would rather go into a place like Texas Roadhouse and sit down and get served (what I feel is better food too) - rather then have to do it all myself (like this place) for the same money.Anyway - I appreciate the owner at Joe's for doing his best to change my mind about his place but I just can't write something here I don't feel is true.  It was much better food this second time around, but still feel its to much for what you get.
4	Traveling across the country several times through, Texas, Georgia and the Carolinas this place is FABULOUS!  The pulled pork, brisket and turkey are the best I have had.  The cafeteria style serving gives you time to decide, the side dishe selections can't be beat - home made apple sauce is my favorite,  Homemade rootbeer and rootbeer cake are a delight.  The sauce and topping bar allows you to further customize your experience.  Why go to a chain resturant when Joe's is around?
3	5 plus stars for decor ..I am a sucker for that whole post modern retro  vintage look...  Love it. I  love the John Deer Tractor in the dining room and the old wood everywhere , I love that it still looks like a store front and has a rich red paint on the inside .I love the cafeteria style serving with the old fashioned look to it. I even adore the old retro sodas in a tin. But I have to say 3 stars for food . The ribs did not have the flavor that I crave  with ribs. I  see  and smell the smokiness,but there was almost too much sweetness with the overbearing sauce, it was nice but not delicious.  The coleslaw tasted like they ran down to Smart and Final and bought the big bag of coleslaw mix and the jar of coleslaw dressing ..boring and bland.  The mac and cheese however was super  yummo. Baked with a cheesy crunchy top that made it  comfort food. I also really like the cornbread, not too sweet not too bland  and honey butter very delish. We also had an interesting dessert Sweet potato crunch that I am still pondering  a mash of sweet potato with a creamy texture with a bit of nuts and brown sugar. Ice Cream cut the richness . I want to adore Joes ,I want to say it's an all around winner . i want to sit in the restaurant and enjoy the decor, but maybe I 'll go for the cornbread. Hey Parents--The kids menu is a rib sandwich ...which wouldn't have been a hit with my kiddo....
5	Fantastic! The food was so good I stuffed my self to the point of physical pain and then spent the next two days wishing I had left-overs.Its an absolute must dine!
5	A carnosaurus rex's home from home. Could I be any clearer? From the post-modern retro American decor, with a slightly agricultural flavor, in this family-owned and family-friendly, gastronomic paradise to the scrummy nomnomnomalicious treats, Joe's Real BBQ has it all. This is undoubtedly one of my all-time favorite restaurants in the Valley. I invariably survey the whole menu every time I go and I end up going with the ribs, which are always juicy (read a couple of reviews in which the reviewer said that the ribs were dry; I dunno, I think you went on the one day of the year they are dry) and coated with a BBQ sauce that is to die for. I've never gone wrong with the potato salad, coleslaw, or corn, but I hear the BBQ pit beans are great too. I'm not a root beer fan, but my son swears it's awesome and he's usually pretty forthcoming about things that don't sit well with him, so I've got to believe the root beer doesn't suck too badly. The pulled pork and the chicken rawk the sawks, so check them out if you get a chance. Also love the take-out window outside. If you don't feel like standing in line inside (and there's always a line around lunchtime and dinner), then get your quick fix with some take-out instead. All of the menus can be found at Joe's Web site: http://www.joesrealbbq.com/menu.phpThe prices are on a par with Famous Dave's, but I think the food is much better, so Joe's offers better value and a real down-to-Earth, all-American family atmosphere.
4	4.5 stars.Best BBQ in the east valley as far as I'm concerned.  Great people, great food, good location and perfect for family outings.  The recently added sweet potato crunch dessert is awesome.Long lines are usually present, but don't let that turn you away, they go quick.  And if they aren't going quick it's because they don't know how to order.  If you've never been there, don't wander in line, us regulars will hate you :-) -- order the sampler and move on.Personally I always get up to the line and say "2 meat rib turkey" and have never been let down.  Only real worth sides are mac-n-cheese and beans.Root beer is homemade so don't expect it to taste like Barqs.  We regular this place and it is great for kids as the outside is plenty of space for them to run around and everyone else does as well so nobody is offended.Yum, yum, yum.
3	First time stopping by tonight and it was pretty good. Place was packed, authentic and done well! Since I hadn't been there, I did what I usually do....ordered just about everything. Had the sampler with Chicken, Double Pork and Ribs and then 1/2# of Brisket and a Slab of Ribs. Brisket was my favorite...moist, thick, smoky Ribs were hit or miss...some were great, some were dry. The meat came off the bone to the bite; which was perfect. I like the flavor. The Pork was moist but pretty bland. The BBQ sauce went much better with the Pork than it was with anything else. (personally I prefer NCarolina style pork with a vinegar based sauce. Loved the cafeteria style, atmosphere and setting. The line was about 50 deep at 5pm, so I went out to the window and ordered to go. The wife thought the BBQ sauce was KC Masterpiece; not sure if that was a compliment or dig though. Will look to eat in the restaurant next time out.
5	For a great family dining experience, Joe's is the place to go.  Awesome homemade food including my favorites, cheesy potatoes, macaroni and cheese, and apple crisp.  Did I mention homemade root beer, red cream soda, and fresh lemonade?  The moist, and tender pulled pork sandwich is to die for.   Joe's offers a delicious, clean, fun, family friendly dining experience.  Plus, if it's your birthday, you get a free meal!
4	On a good day with the wind blowing from the South East I can smell the meat smoking all the way in North Phoenix..... Ok, only in my head I can.  Every time I find my self remotely close to Joe's I have to stop in for some meat, rootbeer, and any one of the amazing side dishes.  Great StaffGreat FoodGreat Atmosphere
5	Nothing beats good Barbecue and Joe's Real BBQ in Gilbert is one of the best around. A wide selection of choice meats, smoked on site, delicious sides, home-made root beer and lemonade and a yard for the kids to play in make you feel like it's Sunday at Grandma's house.It is difficult to describe our favorite menu item since everything is so wonderful. But the pulled pork and the hot links seem to grace my plate most often. We have yet to have a disappointing meal at Joe's Real BBQ and we have been eating here for 10 years!Service is an order at the counter affair, but orders are prepared very rapidly and once you've ordered you are only moments from enjoying your meal.The charm of the old building, the cheerfulness of the staff and the high quality of the food make Joe's Real BBQ a must visit for any barbecue lover and their entire family!
5	I live in the area and have been going to Joe's BBQ since they opened 10+ years ago. So... I guess I should review it, but this mainly a Me, Too Review.Great meat, fun place, tasty sides, good for lunch and dinner, are there drawbacks? Even when the line is long, it moves quickly. This place runs like a well-oiled machine... a tasty, tasty machine...Best Texas style BBQ in the Valley, INMTBHO.
5	The giant stuffed baked potatoes are super! The sandwiches and sampler platter are tasty too!Their red cream soda is a find!Lines are long, but they move fast...well worth the wait.
3	A bunch of friends and I went to Joe's after a trip down to Queen Creek Olive Mill & The Pork Shop.  I found out later that it was the same owner as Joe's Farm Grill, makes sense, I actually had a pretty similar feeling after eating at both places.  I can see why people like both places, they have a bit of a retro feel/history to them that is sorely lacking in AZ, especially if you are from the Midwest or back East.  Both spots also offer expansive shaded patio seating.While the Farm Grill was a little better to me food wise-hard to screw up burgers, chicken sandwiches, fries and onion rings (though I've been to plenty of spots that have screwed these dishes up plenty :) I had a little higher hopes for the BBQ joint.  I was underwhelmed.1/2 lb. two meat two side combo that I shared with my buddy:Ribs-Two spareribs.  Yes, TWO WHOLE SPARE ribs. Forgettable, hardly any smoke.Chicken-A maybe 3-4 oz. boneless skinless breast that was smoked then BBQ sauce drizzled over the top??  Where's the yardbird Joe??  Good smoky flavor but not what I'm used to I guess.Sides-An ice cream scoop of mac-n-cheese and a second scoop of cheesy potatoes.  The mac-n-cheese was good, the potatoes not so much very blah.Cookie :)  The chocolate chip was good and I'm not even much of a fan of sweets.Fifteen bucks for one meal  with a small pop that I did share with my buddy, had I known the portions would be the size they were I would have suggested we get our own lunches...
2	Ack. Smoke.I guess I just like to taste my meat, not just an overbearing smoke flavor. Both times we went, we were burping smoke for hours and had upset stomachs. The ribs were tough, sauce is blah, the checkout people (???) were distant to the point of being rude... on the plus side, it's cheap and they have big portions. But I'll eat a cigarette instead.
4	Joe's is good BBQ with a great atmosphere.  The meat is generally pretty good and the sides are excellent.  I think I could eat the beans all day if that wouldn't result in being kicked out of my own house.  They really seem to care about their customers (customer appreciation day = free food) and from what I hear, they are crazy about the consistency of their food.If you really want to get a taste for their food, do the BBQ sampler...otherwise the meat plate should be plenty of food for most people.
5	DELISH!!   My first time in AZ and our family brought us here for our farewell meal before we headed back to CA.  The food was awesome!  We had the BBQ sampler, brisket, corn, mac&cheese, and some potato thing.  The sides were a big bland, but the BBQ was good as well as their sauce.  I mixed in some onions with my pulled pork, added extra sauce and it was delish!  Great way to end our trip down south!
4	My husband would give this 5+ if he were writing the review.  Maybe it is because I am less of a meat person, but 4 seems right to me. They almost always have a line out the door, but it moves fast.  The meats are very good.  I like the brisket and husband likes the ribs. The sides are really good. I love the mac n cheese and baked beans. I had the root beer float for the first time and it was SOOOO good.  Best root beer float I've ever had.
3	A little disappointed...  We have been waiting for the right moment to visit this place and today turned out to be that day.  First of all, the location is in the middle of what looks to be a ghost town.  The interior had a lot of character with items like the family owned John Deer tractor ;)  Anyway, we had the full slab with 2 sides, a bottle of ginger beer and a drink.  Honestly, I expected more from this place.  The meat was dry, bland and over done.  My bf and I both agreed that our fav in Arizona is still Famous Dave's where pay pretty much the same price, get to sit and relax while they serve you, and the food is better.  *Location = kinda out there*Price = for a cafeteria style bbq....I think it's a little much*Food = it's not all that...at least to us*Decor = very classic and full of character*** I just received a really nice message from the owner, Joe.  I think it's wonderful that Joe cares about each customer's comments and reviews.  Even though my review was not a very positive one, Joe was polite and very kind.  Thank you Joe and I think I'm definitely gonna persuade my bf to try your restaurant again :)***
3	If you want to see creepy ass people this is your place. You go line up cafeteria style and people with like straw hats try to stand on top of you and sing Gospel music in your ear. But only in a creepy taunting volume. ( I swear on my mom this is truely what happened) I have no clue where these people live but they come out of the wood work for this shit. I give the customers 1 star. The sauce is 4 stars for sureThe chopped bbq brisket was moist but wayyyy too salty, the get the buns from strictly from scratch bakery which is great but the buns were just eh. Jamie got the chicken sadwich which is chopped white meat she said it had a reat flavor but was dry and in big pieces like sliced. She exchaned for the pork which had a very butaney flavor my briset also had. Some reason the chicken didnt have that after taste. After being stared at for the 9 mins it took to eat we eagerly bailed. This was a very creepy experience for ok bbq.
5	Joe's is about as pretty as a picnic basket in the grass! They have a wonderful pastoral outdoor seating area. The inside is redneck delux. Big Long Booths, soft lighting and a John Deer Tractor. I always get the Pulled Pork Sandwich or the pecan smoked turkey when I come here. They make really good Beans and the cheese potato thing they have is good as well.They sell old-fashioned sodas in glass bottles, which I love. The dining room is HUGE and this place could easily accomodate a LARGE partyThe food is served cafeteria style, but the quality of the food is way beyond.
5	All I have to say is pulled pork sandwhich, it is so yummy and huge for the price. You can eat here for under $8 and be stuffed. The only bad thing about this place is they dont serve ranch, but they do serve bbq-ranch which is petty good. The mac n cheese is amazing also its crunchy on the top its great. I like that you can get your own soda and water its set up like a caferteria, which to me is really cool concept. The cookies are also amazing for $1.25 I would tell anyone to try this place its really good.
5	One Spring day back in 2003, my wife and I found ourselves cruising around the hinterlands of eastern Phoenix looking at houses. We were on our way back home to Tucson and passed through the pretty but unassuming town of Gilbert. We were hungry and looking for something quick, perhaps a burger or something. I spied the red brick facade of Joe's Real BBQ and pointed it out to my wife. We decided to stop. That was May of 2003. As of July 2009 we have logged no fewer than 30 trips northward to PHX for one reason or another, and now with our 3 year-old son in tow, pretty much every trip now includes a stop off at Joe's. My wife being the true meat-lover of our family always goes for the ribs, a full rack, which she can only put a small dent in at the restaurant, with plenty left for nibbling for the next couple of days. The pecan-smoked ribs are mana from heaven...indeed "delightful" as is the hot BBQ sauce. The sides are wonderful. I am particularly fond of the potato salad and BBQ beans. All good, all good, just go...you won't be disappointed.Joe...one suggestion. A year or so ago we noticed that the fantastic bread that you once served was gone...you know, that big, grilled bread that was practically a meal in itself? PLEASE bring it back, whatever you do!!! The current bread just doesn't cut it. Everything else is sooo good...the bread should be too.
5	Best BBQ ever.  Go here and thank me later.
5	Absolutely the BEST barbecue. Even better than Salt Lick in Texas. Don't think I can add any more than the other reviewers have, but you can rest assured that your BBQ craving will be satisfied and you will leave stuffed to the gills. Oh, and be sure to try the mac & cheese - it's awesome!
5	Best BBQ I have eaten.  You folks in the Phoenix area have a real gem here.This is tasty, straight-forward, home-cooked BBQ done to perfection.  If I had this place in NYC, I'd be living in it.
4	I really wanted BBQ last night, and wanted to try something new and different. Came on Yelp and found this place.  Its in a cute little part of Gilbert, and around several other resturants in a nice part of town. Parked my car and went inside.  I loved the decor!!  OMG!  HUGE, spacious, very open and pleasantly decorated.  Plenty of seating!  Menu is front and center, and very easy to read and make sense of.  You have several options and dishes to chose from...I went for the small selection of the Beef Brisket in sauce, with 2 sides.  I did the beans and corn.  They also have a little station in the middle with BBQ sauce, onions, peppers and such.  The line itself kind of has a boston market feel to it.  You grab a tray, and place your order with the gal behind the glass.  She scoops your food for you, and passes it underneath the glass.  Take your food to the end of the line, pay, and there you are.  They have 3 different seating areas.  In the resturant they have seating, with booths and benches.  The second seating area is picnic tables in an air conditioned garage type area.  You actually have to go through a set of doors and sort of leave the resturant to get to this part.  The third seating area is picnic tables competely outside....no covering, no AC.  yea.  Not for me.  I like eating indoors!I would return to this place, but my only true complaint is the drink station.  In order to refill your drink, you must cut back into the line to get to the drink station.  BAD IDEA!  I can see people getting fussy and annoyed and think your taking cuts when your really just trying to get more Dr. Pepper.   They need to have a second station somewhere so people can refill their beverages and NOT cut back into the food line to do so!  Big pain in the butt, and I docked them a full star for it.  This place is plenty big enough to throw a second beverage station somewhere in the layout of the store.I will return here for eating again, as I did enjoy my experience.
3	Visited last night for the first time.  Wife and son liked it, I thought it was OK.  I deducted a star for lack or alcohol service.  I was really in the mood for a cold beer and ribs and Joe's doesn't serve any alcohol of any kind.  Food was excellent quality, but the sauce was rather bland.  There is a sauce bar where you can get some extra sauce with a little kick to it.It's a family place in the southeast valley which probably explains the "no alcohol policy" and bland preparation.  But, it's a nice place with good food if you don't mind iced tea with your ribs.
4	I used to go to this place regularly years ago for lunch and took my husband there for dinner for the first time last night. It was as good as I remembered.  I had the pulled pork sandwich - the meat was tender and flavorful and the toasted bun was fresh and delicious.  The mac and cheese is outstanding as is the coleslaw. My husband had the barbeque sample platter, he really enjoyed the brisket and the pulled pork - the chicken was good but required some extra sauce to make the hint of dryness go away. We make the best darn ribs at home so it's hard to impress us with ribs but these were really good - meat fell off the bone and they were tasty.  Root beer cake was moist and had a great root beer taste.  We also had the homemade root beer and lemomade which were great. All in all a very good meal and the service was excellent.  We'll definitely go back again.
2	I hope it was an off day.....1st time to Joe's real average bbq.  Ordered the meat sampler.  Chicken has that fake costco previously frozen taste to it and doesn't go well with the sauce.  The seasoning isn't all that appetizing either and doesn't compliment the meat.  Brisket and pulled pork were both overcooked and dry so you have to use the bbq sauce to save them.  The ribs would have been the best part but they had so much fat on them that I ended up spitting half of them out.  All the reviews are from locals who obviously have not had real bbq.  You poor souls
3	We're not experts in BBQ by any means - proven by the fact that we didn't realize there was extra bbq sauce available until we were pretty much done with our food. I had a chicken sandwich and she had a pulled pork sandwich. She thought the pork was a little dry without the extra bbq sauce but she liked the smoked flavor. The chicken had some sauce already on it and was pretty good. I would have liked the extra bbq sauce on it. For a side we both had the cheesy potatoes, which were not that great. They had a bit of heat (spiciness) to them. The food is affordable.
4	It takes only one word to review this place... "MMMMMMMMMMM."As far as Texas style BBQ in the valley goes, Joe's is the best that I have had out here.  I'm a big fan of the brisket!  The inside decor is what truly makes this place awesome though.  From what Joe says, the place used to be a church that he bought and converted.  Everything inside the place is a visual treat, including an actual tractor and a building inside of the building (where you can sit and eat in a little more privacy).
2	We went here on a Sunday afternoon which is a time Gilbert doesn't have a lot of anything going on.  The place has plenty of seating and the staff was helpful.  I ordered a meat variety dish that included 2 pork ribs, pulled pork, beaf brisket, and smoked chicken.  Keep in mind they smoke all of their meats.  It will taste like smoke.  There is a review of someone complaining about smoke taste.  To avoid that, stay away form smoked foods, not complicated!  The ribs were pretty good, the pulled pork was as well.  The brisket was a bit dry and was better with some extra BBQ sauce.  The chicken was dry in some spots but better in others.  I would prefer a BBQ joint that does more BBQ-ing than smoking, .  Smoked meat is okay but I would prefer more traditional BBQ.  Their baked beans were pretty good, and the potato salad was average.  It was a solid meal with good portions.The most interesting part of the experience is that the bathroom is very smokey smelling.  I don't know if it doubles as a room for cooking the meat but it sure is odd.  My gf said the women's room was smokey too.   Overall, nothing spectacular but still a decent experience.  Will I go back?  Doubtful.  I don't live that close and there are many other places closer and if I do go that direction I may drive a few more feet to Oregano's.
3	Well you hear so much about Joe's BBQ from East Valley people it was inevitable that I would end up there.  So we went for a friend's birthday.  A Tuesday night around 730.  It wasn't crazy-busy but it was pretty well packed.  That was a good sign.So you walk up like in some cafeteria and stand in line.  The first thing you hit is the soda stand.  Do you know why EVERY CAFETERIA IN THE WORLD has the soda stand after the food???  Because it creates a bottleneck of three different kinds of people: 1)the people who don't know what they want to drink and dick around for 5 minutes, 2)the people who already ate and are getting a refill and just cutting through the line, & 3)those of us who know what we want and just want to get through the line.  This whole thing was just stupid.Then you get to the food pass where you tell the guy what you want.  None of the food has labels so if you are wondering if the lemon cake is actually lemon cake or if it is corn bread - you'll have to ask.  Usually by the time you get to the register, they have your food ready.  You pay and then you have to carry your tray full of food, plus a full drink, over to a condiment station.Now the condiment station has things like pickles and other nonsense that goes with BBQ plus it has two giant tubs full of different sauces; one sweet, the other "dangerously spicy."  There are literally warning signs on it...that's how hot they say it is.So I tried the "homemade" root beer, pulled pork sandwich, side of beans, side of cornbread, some pickles, and the spicy sauce.  That's a good amount of food for the $12 or so I paid.  Not bad.The root beer was okay.  It really didn't have a good flavor and was lacking that "bite" that most root beers have.  Not terrible but I'd rather them just have Barqs or something.The pork was SO overcooked.  It looked like jerky it had been pulled out of the sauna.  On top of that, it was very fatty.  All of these things are usually negated with a decent sauce but, again, that's where Joe's fails.  All those warnings on the spicy sauce were pointless considering how weak the stuff was.  I've tasted brownies spicier than this stuff.  If you are looking for spice, go elsewhere. The beans, despite not looking like any baked beans I've ever had, were actually really good.  A nice thin, sweet sauce covered some perfectly tender beans.  I was very impressed.  The corn bread was also very good.  Light and fluffy.  I would have liked to see some actual corn in the bread and I also would like butter instead of margarine.  Finally, the pickles were okay.  I sort of expect bread & butter pickles with my bbq but I guess that's because I'm from Georgia.  These were dill.  They were okay, but not my style.All in all, this place did some things well but others poorly.  That is really disappointing because I am always on the lookout for good BBQ.  This just wasn't one of those places.
4	I grew up in the East Valley, and Joe's was pretty much a safe bet whenever you wanted good BBQ.  It's literally been years since I had been until just recently, when we went to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I've always loved the great old farm house style building that they're in along with the very large patio/picnic area in the back.  This is certainly a place where families can feel welcomed.  Once the weather gets down to normal temps at night, the patio would be wonderful.For dinner I got the chopped brisket sandwich with a side of corn and a side of mac and cheese.  To drink, I got what I love this place for, Stewart's Key Lime Soda.  YUM!  The brisket was pretty good and since it was cooked in sauce, there was no shortage of sweet and tangy bbq flavor.  I didn't eat the bun because I was more concerned about stuffing my face with my sides.  The corn is really yummy.  It's crisp, sweet, and swimming in a buttery liquid.  The mac and cheese was also very good.  It was tender and super creamy and cheesy.  That's my kind of mac and cheese!  Overall, I really like this place, but it's too far out of the way to go very often, and the husband doesn't really care for it.  It of course has the issues, such as the crazy line, and the fact that a refill on your soda means cutting in line, but it's a pretty nice laid back place to go and grab some bbq in cute Old-Town Gilbert.
5	If you're a carnivore and anywhere near Joe's in Gilbert, AZ, you owe it to yourself to come buy yourself a bottle of their secret recipe barbeque sauce.  The barbeque here is rockin but that SAUCE....damn it's good!  So good, that I walked over here from my mom's house one evening and bought a bottle to bring home with me.I had to check my baggage because of that bottle but it was worth it!!!  Go getcha some.  I got the spicy it's soooo good.
2	I've heard about the place before coming to Gilbert. I expected much more, but it was a HUGE disappointment. I don't know why this place is so famous. I know that I'll never visit this restaurant again. I would rather go to Famous Dave's.
5	One of our favorites~ take out or eat in I love this place. The one and only place I've been to that compares is actually in southern Georgia! This is real bbq at it's best. The seating is kind of cafeteria style. The place is always busy and the food is always fresh!
3	We ordered take-out from Joe's for Monday Night Football.  I called in the order and actually had to call back twice to make changes, and the girls taking the order were super nice and patient.  With a 20 minute (or so) drive home, the food wasn't exactly piping hot and the turkey jalapeno sausages we ordered had gotten quite cold and a bit rubbery.  I tried nuking them but still not that great.  It's a shame.  They are probably much better when fresh.  I will say though that the BBQ sauce is AMAZING, and both my husband and our friend absolutely LOVED the brisket.  The sides were simply "ok" (we tried the cheesy potatoes, potato salad, and mac n' cheese).All in all, final verdict is that I will have to go back, eat the food fresh, and review again.  Stay tuned.  And in the meantime, go and have the brisket.
5	Yummy!!  Pecan wood permeates the establishment.Rack of Ribs:  Pork spare ribs, cooked so long that the bones were pliable, meat seperated from bone instantly.  Joes BBQ sauce is very very good and I love the habanero BBQ myselfPulled Pork Sandwich:  very good and same super tender meat with same super BBQ sauce...bun was okaySide Mac n Cheese and Pit Beans - both awesomeThe best part was the homemade root-beer.  I can't put in words how tastey craft root-beer is.  This tasted down home and not like coke with rootbeer syrup.  I wish they would stock Birch-Beer in place of the red creme soda.  Birch Beer I think is much more tastey than rootbeer but all in all Joes is A++ To have Joe's in your neighborhood is great, good country BBQ
5	A vegetarian reviewing a BBQ restaurant?  Well here goes.....On a recent trip to visit some family, we were taken to Joe's Real BBQ.  Everyone in the group was carnivores and all indulged in what smelled like some really good tasting BBQ.  Smokey pecan wood aroma filled the restaurant...and surrounding neighborhood.  I can't speak for the meats that everyone else enjoyed, but the salad I had was really good.  BBQ ranch dressing was very tasty!  Their BBQ sauce is really good.  Their Mac n Cheese was EXTREMELY good.  I had to go back for another serving of that.  Their cornbread was really good too!  Fun atmosphere.  Very friendly staff.  Highly recommended, even by this vegetarian!
5	Very very very good! Would highly recommend it to anyone. I had the chicken breast plate with the beans, homemade apple sauce and corn bread. Everything was delicious! We all shared a huge piece of the Root Beer Cake, it is was just as tasty!!!! Definitely go here if you are in the area.
2	I have to preface this with saying that I have a pretty extreme bias against Gilbert. Almost everything about this place and what it stands for annoys me. And, just so you know, Gilbert, everyone else in the Valley hates you. Yeah, even AJ.This little homogenized, car-centric Mayberry-ish strip crammed onto Gilbert Road is often where I lead tourists if they're, for whatever reason, not interested in leaving the Southeast Valley and have no interest in Downtown Chandler (which I think is a great area). But it may be easy to miss this strip, because there will be at least four of Gilbert's finest waiting for you to tick up to 26, and that, in itself, may distract you.But I had never actually stopped here. Finding the well-rated, independently-owned Joe's, open on a Sunday, was a good excuse to take the back way up from Tucson on my way to an airport pick-up and grab a brisket sandwich.The brisket sandwich itself comes at just $6.99 and includes one small (not a size, but a descriptor) side item. They also have homemade cornbread and a few homemade desserts on the menu. Impressive. It's cafeteria style, so you wait with your little tray, while people in front of you act like they've never worked a soda fountain before, and order at the counter. That's a good little scam, because people are much less likely to get a refill if there's a crowd blocking them. And, at $1.99, I would expect a couple of free refills.And that sort of set the tone for everything in that, aside from my sandwich, the other menu items seemed overpriced. The piece of cornbread that I ended up trying (I can't pass up homemade versions) ran me $2 and the deserts were like $3 for some pretty small servings.I also should point out something I saw in another review, which mentioned the "homemade" root beer and red cream soda: the root beer is homemade (probably outsourced locally, but close enough), but the red cream soda is Barq's.The sandwich was relatively small. Maybe three slices of brisket present on a hamburger bun, with just a little bit of sauce. And that was a good thing, because the sauce was far exceeded by the brisket, which itself was a little dry and oversmoked. The sauce tasted like a bottle of Kraft's BBQ sauce with ketchup added. Very little spice, way too tomatoey. At least, for my standards, but I know that everyone has their own opinions.The cornbread was a mistake. Dry, flavorless, and it probably would have made my mema turn in her grave. It was hot and served with a slop of butter stuffed into a SOLO cup, but I didn't end up opening it. Maybe I'm crazy, but I always eat the first piece of cornbread with no butter, just to get an idea of the flavor.The side was probably the best thing that I got out of the deal. The cheesy potatoes were a little overcooked (or had been sitting for too long), but they were a nice blend of cheese, cream and green chile (nice touch).Atmosphere reminded me a bit of some of the places I used to go to in Texas, with the high ceilings, big tables and outdoor patio (another nice touch). And, maybe because of that, something just seemed too deliberate about this place.If you like this place, feel free to continue coming here. But I'm going to keep searching for a decent BBQ place in this state.
5	Don't let the line fool you, it goes quick!  The first time I went I was a little daunted by how ordering actually works but once we found out how it was simple.  The food was really good.  Not extremely filling, but filling enough.  I got the sampler dish and everything was good. As said before, the root beer cannot be better.  It is a very unique restaurant with great food.
4	In the past year or so I have become a BBQ nut.  I think it started when I finally went to Henry's High Life back home in San Jose.  Ever since then I've been trying different BBQ.  In my search I came upon Joe's.  My daughter and I went there one Sunday evening around 5:30pm and the place was hoppin!  There was a long line but it moved quickly. The smell of pecan wood filled the air and all around us families sat at tables devouring pulled pork, ribs, and brisket.  It looked yummy.  It's a bit like a cafeteria in that you stand in line, get your tray, silverware and drink and then approach the food to tell the person behind the counter what you would like.  I have a half rack of ribs with a baked potato the size of both my fists!!!  It was HUGE but it was probably the best baked potato I have had in years.  And the ribs were delicious.  The sauce was sweet and gave a nice accent to the meat.  The meat fell off the bone.  My daughter had a pulled pork sandwich and I took a bite......it was yummy too.  Everything is fresh and tasty!!  One of my favorite things about Joe's is their home made root beer.  I don't know of any other place that serves home made root beer.  This was the bomb!!!  I could have drank a gallon of it!!  Joe's is the real deal.  It's a great family friendly place.  The night I was there it was packed with families chowing down on some good BBQ.  And I got the feeling these were not first time visiters, it felt like everyone there was having a good time and getting a good meal.  It felt like home.
4	I will preface this by saying I'm not a big BBQ restaurant fan, but given my stellar experience with Joe's Real Food I finally decided to give it a try. Takeout being the equivalent of a toe in the water.Got the turkey, as I figured that would be a good test. AMAZING. So moist, flavorful - at the risk of sounding like an ad - the REAL thing. Even the taste of the sauce (which I almost never eat and didn't this time either) was good. Real homey place - full of down-to-earth people eating food with a lot of enjoyment. Am surprised no one photographed the mural on the right side of the restaurant - it was pretty cool. Covers the whole wall and really adds to the atmosphere. Made me think of (my idea of) Texas.More notes - I wish they mentioned what salad dressings they have on the menu. Oh, and there's a takeout window on the side and they sell the meat just by the pound.I can't wait to get REALLY hungry, go back and try everything!
5	I'm not sure why I keep putting off reviewing Joe's BBQ, because it's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in town. I guess I have TOO many good things to say! Here are just a few of them:The service is always friendly and fast and the food is cheap. Even though I've never made it in on my birthday, I love that they offer a free complete meal on your day! In general I'm not a big fan of BBQ. In fact, the only thing I ever get at Joe's is their chicken breast sandwich, but I'm hooked for life. The mac & cheese is amazing and I've been known to get two portions of it because it is so good. I recently discovered their cornbread, and it is also a winner. The root beer cake was intriguing but not as good as I was hoping for, but the lemon cake is great. Oh and the chocolate chip cookies are the best I've ever had.My only little complaint, and it's not even something that can be fixed because of the restaurant setup, is how it is difficult to get drink refills when there is a long line. I always feel awkward trying to maneuver my way through the line up to the drink area. It's probably a good thing I don't live closer to Joe's because I'd be in every single day. No joke.
5	I attended the 2008 Christmas party of SYNERGY HomeCare of the East Valley and was introduced to the wonderful food from Joe's. Since then we've been back for take-out and have started a long-term relationship with this real BBQ. Oh so good, and that pecan-wood smoky flavor! We particularly love the chicken breast and turkey barbeque. It's well worth the extra drive to Gilbert, and the take-out window is a lot quicker than the line inside. Joe's Real BBQ is one of the top 5 'must visit' restaurants in the area. Highly recommended.
4	You walk into Joe's Real BBQ, get into line and grab a tray. The menu is gigantic upon the wall and you can pick your main dish selection. On my last trip, I had the pulled pork sandwich. Then, as you slide your tray on the counter, you pick your sides (you get two with each "meal" selection). I had their mac n' cheese... nom... and the corn... also delicious. And, of course you pay for your meal - I don't remember what my bill came out to, but I know it wasn't outrageous. Then, you have your food and you can go sit down at a table. They have a large eating space with tables and booths and even outdoor seating. The atmosphere is very casual and a great place to eat some BBQ. If you're not in the mood to sit and dine at the restaurant, they have an outdoor window located on the South side of the building where you can place your order, wait a few minutes and get your food to go.
5	My favorite restaurant in Gilbert.  This is my kind of BBQ.I'm a huge fan of pulled pork, and their pulled pork is perfect.  I like the pulled pork so much that I haven't been able to try any of their other meat selections, which look great as well.  On the sides frontier, their beans are excellent, as are the garlic potatoes and macaroni (real macaroni and cheese, not the box garbage).  The root beer is also a can't miss.  I'm no root beer connoisseur, but let's just say that I quit drinking soft drinks, yet always have the root beer at Joe's.  If you want something different, the root beer cake is also delicious.The best part?  The reasonable price.  A jumbo sandwich (1/3 pound), two sides, and a drink will cost you only $11-$12.  Cut that to the regular sandwich and one side (a more reasonable lunch option), and you're under $10.
4	Just a followup since MH and I went there last night after Stellar Adventures - totally a snap decision but we each had had only a granola bar all day. Ok, so he wasn't enthused about it before but that all changed once he got a taste of the beef brisket and hot bbq sauce. More on that later. So we had the corn, mac&ch, and potato salad as sides - my favorite was the latter. However, MH felt in future he would just go for the meat. Nice bread and cornbread. Wasn't too thrilled with the honey butter - it was nice but I felt the bread was sweet enough without it. he really loved the sauce though. Before we left, he added more to the leftovers. Since we ate early, the second half came out at 11 or so. Imagine my surprise when he came barreling (yes, I mean this)  in afterwards, literally breathing fire at me! "My god, in quantity that stuff is spicy!" And I don't know what was in it but he was in "I can lift-you-up kick - which I haven't seen in like 9 years. Bouncing with energy! Does it confer a superhero complex on one, or what???glad I bought a bottle - can do this experiment again ... :-)
5	I love BBQ and this is NOT just your average BBQ by any stretch of the imagination. My personal favorite is the chopped brisket or the pulled pork. There's just not one thing on the menu that I don't just swoon over :)Thanks Joe! Now of only I lived closer. Hmmmm...
3	We have been to the other restaurant and liked it so we wanted to try their bbq. The restaurant is decorated like the inside of a barn, big and open. The food is ordered cafeteria style with the drinks first. This creates a bit of a log jam because you have people re-filling their drinks and people that can't decide on what to drink and what to order. After that it was easier to get to the food. We ordered  the chopped brisket sandwich, sliced brisket, turkey sausage and  pork ribs. For the sides we had baked beans, cole slaw, mac n cheese, corn and corn bread. The bbq items were good but, the various sauces made them better. Our favorite was the habanero bbq sauce. The chopped brisket sandwich had too much sauce and too sweet for me. The baked beans were good, as for the rest of the sides they were ok. The big flavors of the bbq overshadowed the flavors of the sides. Overall a decent bbq joint to enjoy with the family.
5	I went here today for about the billionth time since they opened back in 1997 and felt  the need to write a review.  In short, I love this place.  I've been all around the nation and had bbq so many different ways, but I find myself coming short compared to Joe's.  Granted, there are still a lot of places I need to try, but they all will have to measure up to the standard Joe's has set.Joe's is set in old town/downtown Gilbert is housed in a building that used to be theater and then a church and now Joe's (this is from what I remember growing up in Gilbert.).  Ambiance is rustic and no frills, but comfy and welcoming.The food here is amazing, as I have already stated and there really isn't a bad thing on the menu, but I particularly like the ribs (half slab and 2 side $12.99).  The meats are nicely smoked and well seasoned to provide flavor throughout.  There are 2 different types of sauce, regular and spicy, that is a bit sweet and very smooth with lots of flavor.  Also, try the homemade root beer, that I think is some of the better stuff out there.
5	I flew in from Hermosa Beach to hang out with a really good friend that lives in Gilbert.  We decided to stop here after my flight, for lunch.We walk in and this place is so freaking cute that I almost peed my pants.  I appreciate this sorta place coming from a beach city and never seeing anything like this.  Everyone that worked here was super nice.Home made root beer was great!Pulled pork sandwich was great!BBQ Beans were the best beans I've ever had! (pinto, lima, cowboy beans) YUMMO!Potato Salad was bland, not what I expected but whatever.THUMBS UP!!
5	Joe's has long been one of our favorite restaurants in Gilbert.  The pulled pork is excellent, the sides are even better, and the service is always friendly.Don't be intimidated by a long line, even out the door, as it moves fast.  The cheesy potatoes and corn are great.  The lemon cake is very moist and a nice finish to a meal.Be sure to stop by on your birthday and pick up a free meal.The kids love running around outside in the grassy area, and always enjoy going to Joe's.
5	This place gets really busy even on a Thursday night.  The line was out the door. We decided to do the to-go route, and seat outside so the kids can run around.  It was my Sister's B-Day, which got a free meal ($12.00 value.) anything off the menu.   BBQ ribs were tender and tasty.Hot Link Sausage Must have!Chicken Breast - Save money and order more ribs!Cheesy Potatoes - YUM!Turkey Jalapeno Sausage - Not recommended - save your money and order more Hot Links Sausages. Unlimited sauces!!!!
4	Damn. This is one of those best kept secret places only it's no secret! Just look at the lines after 5. We were lucky to cruise in just before about a hundo or so people came rushing in...almost like they came out of the bushes or something. WOW!and for good reason I think this is the best BBQ west of the M-I-S-S-I-S-S-I-P-P-I in fact it was sooooo good I went back again while in town for the Waste Management Phonix Open for the week. I would wrestle you down for those ribs and hop over the counter and serve myself that damn tasty pork and sausage.The mac and cheese was prolly the best I've had, the BBQ beans just how I like it. I honestly think you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Service is amazingly fast. The lines dissappear almost as fast as they form.The ONLY reason why this is a 4 is because of the lack of beer! Come on man, BBQ=BEER!!!
4	Well, it's damn tasty barbeque, and I'll be honest... I wasn't expecting to find any in boring, dismal Gilbert.  Or in Arizona, to be honest.It's got a nice smoky flavor, and I haven't tasted a thing on the menu that I haven't loved.  My personal favorites are easily the tender and fall-off-the-bone perfect ribs and the pulled pork.The sides haven't been disappointing, either.  The sweet corn is just like grandma made, the potato salad was delicious, as was the creamy mac & cheese.Also, the $10 off the total bill on your birthday is a huge incentive to stop in.  What a nice deal! My one-star deduction comes from the lack of beer on the menu.  What kind of belly-slappin' barbeque joint doesn't offer beer??  Other than that, Joe's doesn't disappoint.
5	Yup, Yup, and Yupper!!! You can not go wrong here!  I smothered a giant baked potato with pulled pork, baked beans and Joe's BBQ sauce oh and a side of Cole Slaw and Wow! HoooWaaaaaah! Nuff said!
4	Best BBQ in Arizona in my opinion.  There are better BBQ places in the country such as Spring Creek BBQ in Texas and Jim 'N Nicks in Alabama, but I highly recommend it whether you live in the Valley or are visiting from anywhere in the country including the places with great BBQ.  It's also in a quaint historic downtown Gilbert building and is a staple for Valley residents.Also, you get a free meal on your birthday.  I went with my dad in January for his birthday.  Unfortunately, I missed going on mine in February.
3	I have been there a few times. The owner is a gilbert native and a very nice person. The food is of good quality, the atmosphere is great. It is best to visit here during the spring and early summer.
5	Get the sampler with beans!!! Soo good
5	I used to live in Mesa a while back and this was one of my favorite places to eat right over in Gilbert.  Locally owned and oh so delicious.  I think their pulled pork and beef brisket are the best in town.  I still give the Blue Ribbon trophy for pork ribs to Famous Daves.The sides here are also very good...everything is homemade and I'd recommend you try a Stuffed Baked Potato....they give you what seems like a 10 pound potato with all the fixings...and just when you think the tray will break from the sheer weight of it...they pack it full of whatever meat you want.  I would not recommend eating this thing on a lunch unless you have a very understanding boss for when you fall asleep at 2pm.I wish I dident live so far away now. I have no decent BBQ near me...:(
4	Very unique, small town atmosphere. Friendly and welcoming service. Free meal on your birthday.BBQ brisket was tender and juicy. I would definitely rank it in the top for the Phoenix/West Valley/East Valley area.Mac-n-cheese was creamy and delish. The baked beans are noteworthy - a mix of various types of beans with a bbq/smoky taste Prices and portion sizes are reasonable. I wil definitely come here again and try another bbq meat.
5	Okay, I gave this place five stars because I'm not a fan of BBQ and I LOVED it here!  If a restaurant can make me love something I never really cared for, it's something special.  Joe's is now one of those places I get a hankering for.  Hmmm...speaking of which, I think I need a visit!It's loud and rowdy and made for families.  Inside their tables are big and welcoming and outside they're picnic-style.  No worries about wiggling kids, messy hands and loud voices here.  Like the atmosphere, the food is perfectly kid-friendly: turkey, beef, pork and chicken, in all of its various BBQ'd forms - pulled, linked, brisket, rib and breast.  The 12 and under meals are well-priced.  At $4.49 and $5.49, they're heartier than the kid's meals you'll find at most fast-food restaurants.  The homemade sides include kid-favorites like mac n cheese, applesauce and cheesy potatoes.  Try the huge potato (jumbo baker) and when I say huge, I mean it.  It's a one pound spud heaped with your favorite toppings - plus, you can get it with BBQ, too.  Your head may say, "what?!", but your tummy will say, "thank you".  Come to think of it, everything there is huge, like the sampler plates.  Chances are you'll walk away with leftovers.  And...on your busiest, "don't have time to cook" nights - order take out and pick it up at their outdoor window.  That's as family-friendly as it gets!
5	Excellent food.Friendly, helpful service.Nice decor.Clean.Good prices.Best BBQ ribs.
5	I have been here several times in the last 10 years.  Each time is as good as the last one.  The chicken, turkey and beef are excellent.  Not too salty, but tasty.  The sides (especially the cole slaw and potato salad) are simply delicious.The root beer is brewed on the premises and is worth the trip alone.
3	There is a lot of hype about this place but that's not the entire reason I went.  I've passed the place tons of times and it looks like a neat place that would most likely have decent BBQ.  Anyway, back to the hype.  I mean the place was on TV so it must have awesome BBQ, right?  I say wrong.The food isn't horrible.  It is just ok when you compare it to other BBQ joints around town.  Here is what I tried.* Ribs - These were just ok and look better than they are.  I think they were cooked too long or something.* Chopped Brisket - This was the first time I've had chopped brisket.  It was just ok and I think I'll stick to sliced from now on.  I thought that it would be super duper tender being cooked in the sauce but it really wasn't.* Sliced Brisket - This was pretty good.  The meat wasn't too lean which I liked.* Chicken Breast - This was pretty good.  Very tender and tasty.  I think that it is processed meat, but I'm not positive.  If it is processed then shame on Joe.* Cheesy Potatoes - I love cheese, I love potatoes and I love green chili.  This I did not love.  I think it needed more cheese and the potatoes should have been mashed instead of the chunks.  It was just weird.* Mac N' Cheese - This was pretty good.  I would have liked it to be cheesier though.  I love the crunchy stuff on top whatever that is.  * Sweet Cut Corn -   It wasn't, but it tasted canned.* Chocolate Chip Cookie - Pretty good.  They are bigger and thicker than normal cookies.  It would have been awesome had it been fresh.* The BBQ Sauces - The regular is pretty good but I loved the hot stuff.  It wasn't too over the top spicy and had a good flavor.  I also like that they don't drown their meats in sauce and let you do it yourself.The decor of the place is great and pretty unique and very family friendly.  It complements the area excellently.  The place is clean and all the workers are fast and friendly.I am generally not a fan of the whole cafeteria style grab-a-tray-and-get-your-food thing, but I guess that is part of the charm.  The biggest bummer is that there is only one place to fill your drink and that spot is in the middle of the ordering line so it is a bit awkward should you need a refill.  Do you cut in line?  Do you wait in line?  I opted to enter the line from the wrong end and cut some people to get my refill.I love Liberty Market across the street and would like to try the Farm Grill in the near future.  I know there is a lot of hype surrounding the Farm Grill, but I will just have to see for myself if it lives up to it or not.  Joe has a great thing going and is a top-notch restaurateur.  He cares about his patrons as I will most likely receive a message from him on here about this review.  He sent me a note after my review of the Liberty Market (which I loved) to say thank you. In conclusion..... Would I rush back?  No.  Would I ever return?  Yes.
2	Have you ever been to Luby's? Well if you have, think Luby's with bbq food and no lady walking around refreshing your coffee or tea. That is Joes. Look if I had people in from out of town, I would drive them by and say this place was on food network, now lets go somewhere else to eat!I really don't want to be mean, but there was nothing that great about this place. And yes the chicken breast was processed! I was a little grossed out, and the sides were blah!This cookie that someone on yelp raved about.. dry and ehh. It was no paradise or tammie co cookie.Joe I think your ideas are great and enjoyed Liberty Market. I still really want to try the Farm Grill, but am a little hesitant.
3	The ribs were A-ok.  The beef Brisket was DELISH.If I ever come back I will ONLY order their ribs since that was the only thing on the menu that was really stellar.The sides were ALL pathetic.I had the loaded baked potato and it was old/cold= not fresh at all. Very disappointing for the $4.50 price tag.  The pulled pork was GROSS and dry.
5	I love Joe and I love Joe's good. I like to grab a few different sorts of meats, some sort of hot bbq sauce, and a lemonade.The beans rock and my daughter loves their mac 'n cheese. That whole corner there in Gilbert, AZ is really cool and I have photographed this often. The entire neighborhood smells like smoked woody bbq.
4	I had read about this restaurant on Roadfood.com.  I told my brother about it and he loved it.  When I was down in Phoenix last week, this was the first stop from the airport.  We got there about 6:00 and the line wasn't too long.  (It was still inside the restaurant).  As you wait in line, you get a chance to study the menu.  There really aren't that many items to choose from.  More surprising, when you get to the counter, there are the sides you had been reading about.  They don't really match the description on the menu.  I ordered the sampler plate and knew I had made a mistake right away.  Way too much food for me.  Included ribs, brisket, chicken, and pulled pork.  I liked the pulled pork.  Choices of mild and spicy BBQ sauce are available on the side.  We had the mashed potatoes, sweet corn, mixed beans (my favorite) and cole slaw for our sides.  Although my order came with bread, we opted for a side of corn bread.  A real nice extra, the bread was slightly sweet with a nice consistency.  Worth the extra money.  We ate outside on picnic benches.  Large lot with a few trees that the kids loved to climb.  Very nice family atmosphere.  Worth a trip.
4	Very tender meat and the sauces are very flavorful. Ordered the pulled pork and sliced brisket with pit beans. Both the pulled pork and brisket were done very well. They were incredibly tender and nowhere did I need a knife to cut since they pretty much melted on command. The meats were not smokey or salty. The pit beans were and interesting combo. I'll try a different side next time. Their sweet sauce is very flavorful. Their hot sauce really hits the spot. I couldn't decide which one I liked better - maybe the hot sauce. The only downside I could think of was the soda fountain is difficult to access since you have to climb over people in line to get a refill. They also don't let you sit on the tractor. :-(
5	After being a llloonngg time fan of Joe's Farmhouse Grill we finally made it over to Joe's Real BBQ.  We were intimidated by the llllloooonnnggg line we had to stand in (about 40 people deep) but it really only took about 10-15 minutes to go all the way through.  You should figure out what you want before getting into line.  Once you get up closer you'll need to grab your trays (as many as you'll need), your cups, napkins and utensils.  You'll fill up your drinks 1st, order all your food items from the 1st person you see behind the counter and then pay.Hubby had the brewed root beer (YUMM!) and daughter had the homemade lemonade (equally YUMM!).We were able to order quite a few different things as we had so many kids with us that day.  I was able to try the ham (it was dry), the roasted chicken (smokey and moist - delish!) on their chopped salad (the dressing is super good) and the sliced beef brisket (yummmmmy).  The sides were all wonderful - the coleslaw and beans were A++ with the mac n' cheese, and corn a solid A.The kids meals came with homemade, warm, soft chocolate chip cookies.  They were very, very happy.Cant wait to go back - I've been craving it ever since!I've been warned to never try the Root Beer Cake or I will be doomed to a lifetime of craving it and always needing to order it at every visit.
3	If I were to have written this review 2 years ago, it would have been 5 stars, but the portions keep on shrinking at an alarming rate. Today I had the meat plate and no more than 2 tablespoons of pulled pork, and brisket were on the plate. Also, what's with the staff? They are like robot drones! Absolutely no personality! The food's flavor, and quality, however, are very good, the place is always sqeaky clean.. and of course the decor is very amusing. Being a hungry hungry hippo, I would prefer a slight price increase, to maintain portion size.
5	Joe's Real BBQ is simply great comfort food fast at a reasonable price.  No fancy garbage but simple home cooking.  With a cafeteria style atmosphere, fear no line because service is quick.  Upon my trip back, there was at least a line 20 people deep.  Within a few minutes, I had picked my meal, paid, and had found my seat.  I'm a big fan of beef brisket, full slab of ribs, and pulled pork.  This place does all of these... for lack of a better phrase--right.  Ribs should never be stringy or chewy...ahem...Don and Charlie's (Carsons Ribs of Chicago just aren't that great).  You can actually separate these smoky, sweet, and a tiny bit of kick ribs by pulling them apart--that is, they aren't falling off the bone but definitely tender.  The brisket, like the ribs, have the same flavor.  Sometimes when you go to a BBQ restaurant, the brisket is awfully dry and therefore is sometimes masked in a virtual sea of sauce ;however, this is not the case.  Tender, succulent and add your own amount of BBQ sauce makes this a winner.  My niece loves the pulled pork sandwiches here because portions are great and the meat is just overall great quality.As for beverages, it provides a nostalgic and country atmosphere as the have several differen't classic sodas in glass bottles, as well as their own homemade rootbeer--which is not some chemically obnxious tasting carbonate.  Along with your meal, the sides are also the best I've seen this side of the Mississippi.  Macaroni and cheese, baked beans with actual chunks of ham, coleslaw, cornbread... you just can't go wrong with any of them.All in all, this is probably one of my top ten favorite spots in AZ.  It's definitely worth the time and money.
4	Fun place. Walk in and go thru a cafeteria style line. I had the ribs which were awesome !!! Mac n cheese was great. Cheesy potatoes were just okay. The root beer float is a must as is the root beer cake !!! My wife had the sliders. The pulled pork and chicken were great, the beef- not so great. Fun place to go with kids. Like the atmosphere. Drink refills are cumbersome cause it's at the start of the food line so you kind of have to cut thru the line to fill er up.
4	I really enjoyed the full rack of ribs here, and the massive baked potato. They offer several different BBQ sauces, a few interesting micro-brew sodas. They also have indoor and patio seating (picnic tables), and a great location in downtown Gilbert. Overall - well worth the drive!*Avoid the dinner rush from around 6:30-7:30pm unless you want to wait in line for an hour.
4	*3.5 stars*In the interest of supporting local AZ businesses, my husband and I had dinner here on my b-day (5/13). The first thing I observed is that they have a couple walk-up windows on the southside of the building so you can place your order and get food without having to go inside. Thought that was pretty clever! We arrived close to 8 pm and it was still pretty busy inside, but the line moved quickly. The restaurant is set up cafeteria style with a kitschy country look. There is a huge mural on one wall dedicated to farm living and a John Deere tractor with accompanying bric-a-brac on the other side. Once we got through the line, I choose the meat plate with 2 sides...beef brisket and pulled pork for my meats, mac 'n' cheese and beans for my sides. I really wanted to get chicken instead of the pork, but they had unfortunately run out of chicken :( . My hubby got the full slab of pork ribs with sweet cut corn and mac 'n' cheese for his sides. We shared a piece of cornbread and for dessert, split the root beer cake. Happily I received a discount on my meal because it was my birthday (they advertise a "free" meal, though it's basically $10 off).The beef brisket and pulled pork were so good! Tender, juicy, and delicious! Those meats really are the best reason to go Joe's. The beans and mac 'n' cheese were just ok...so far Fleming's beats everyone hands down when it comes to mac 'n' cheese! The cornbread was so-so, tasted like it came from a box, but the honey butter that comes with it made it pretty tasty. Regrettably, my husband's pork ribs were pretty fatty as compared to Lucille's (Tempe Marketplace). The root beer cake was good, but not as delectable as we thought it would be. Maybe we were expecting too much after reading how much fellow Yelpers enjoyed it? Another thing worth mentioning (some others have commented on it too) is how strange the beverage station is. It's smack dab at the front of the line where you get your food so you have to fight your way through the crowd (if there is one) to get a refill. Weird.   To conclude, Lucille's is still our #1 favorite place for BBQ, but we would still go to Joe's again.
5	A good place to eat if you're craving good BBQ. They serve their burgers with side items like beans and coleslaw. I have to say this is the best BBQ place I've had in awhile.
5	My mind has been changed about this place, upgrading my last reviews.  I guess 3rd time is the charm, but the pulled pork "jumbo" sandwich and sides were amazing this time around.  I had the mac and cheese (love the crust) and the potatoes were perfect.  Everyone else in the group loved what they got too and had no complaints.  It is pricey for having to serve yourself, but I guess I don't mind as much when its this damn good!
4	My wife and I tried the new breakfast menu this morning.  We both really enjoyed it, especially the Mother Lode Burrito with milk gravy and the Raspberry Bread Pudding.  I have to say they really know how to make milk gravy; most restaurants and even home cooks have no clue as to what good milk gravy is, so I was impressed.One thing they are going to struggle with a bit is that scrambled eggs will never be excellent when they're served cafeteria style.  The same goes for potatoes.  That's the primary reason our breakfast was very good, but not exceptional.  I understand this isn't something they can really change, but thought it was worth sharing the observation as eggs are key to most breakfast dishes.   Overall, the new breakfast is very tasty and well concieved.  We'll be back again in the near future I'm sure!BTW, the 25 cent coffee is a nice throwback.  If you want a refill you just drop a quarter in the pink piggy bank on the honor system--pretty cool.
4	Love, love, love, It's rare a restaurant group can have solid entries in multiple categories but in the case of our friends at the Joe's family, they have done it. Joe's Real BBQ does not disappoint. The big downside is no alcohol, however, order ahead, pick it up and head home. I have been in with just my husband, a group for a family dinner, taken out for just myself and for a party of 8 and have been pleased every time. It does get busy at peak hours and it's very much like traditional BBQ places in the south as in, you stand in line at the counter, get your food and off you go to your table. The homemade sauces, especially the spicy, are great and they also have nice homemade root beer. I wish they had more side dish options but the ones they have are very good. I almost always get the stuffed baker (hi, giant baked potato with bbq meat on top, how is this bad?!) but I have tried nearly everything on the menu via my husband, family and friends. These people also are soooo friendly and helpful. I called the three hours before a large party and needed a bunch of food ready and waiting and they said "no problem" and it wasn't. It was all ready when I went to pick it up with extra things of sauce thrown in. Prices are fair, too.
2	A quick and disappointing review.  I do wish to preface this by saying I walked in at 8:20, so maybe I didn't get the best they had to offer.  Not a big fan of the winding line like a mini-cafeteria.  Ordered the BBQ sampler, brisket dry, pulled pork dry, chicken moist and the best thing on my plate, ribs tender and tasty but not spectacular.  Lightly sauced which I really liked, and the sauce itself was tangy, a little sweet, and not overpowering.  Sides of cheesy potatoes was ok, mac n cheese pretty sad.  The lemonade was tasty.  Good value, tons of food for $12, but will have to try again closer to their peak hours and see how it goes.
2	I finally had a chance to try out Joe's last night with my family.  I hate to say it (I really wanted to like the place) but I wasn't very impressed overall.  The food quality overall was very average, nothing stood out as phenomenal from any of our choices (we sampled from each other's plates).  Not to say anything was bad, just not superb.  The portions were a little small for the price.All in all it was an okay experience, but the price ($40 for 2 adults and 2 kids) is high enough to keep us from going back.
3	Wasn't too impressed with the cafeteria style setting accompanied with a long line.  Food and service were average as were the pricing.  Maybe I caught them on a bad night.
5	I finally got to try it and we loved it!  After driving by on several occasions and always seeing a line out the door, we finally stopped.  We went on a Saturday afternoon just before a rush.  The homemade root beer was amazing.  Be prepared if you've never had homemade root beer as it is different.I had the pulled pork BBQ sandwich (1/4 lb) and two sides (sweet corn and coleslaw).  The corn was actually a little bland.  But the coleslaw was great.  They don't ruin it by adding unnecessary ingredients.  The BBQ sandwich was fabulous.  It doesn't look like a lot of BBQ sauce on it, but it is packed full of flavor.  It was exactly right for my tastes.  The portions were large.  I ate only half of each dish and brought the rest home.  It was just as good the second time around.  My man loved his ribs, pulled beef (I think he got beef) on a GIANT baked potato loaded.  Enormous might be a better fitting word for that potato.  Perhaps they give them steroids.  J/K people.  He believes we have found our permanent home for BBQ.The atmosphere was great.  Lots to look at while we ate.  Because there is always a line out the door, I thought for sure that this place would be small.  Wrong.  It stretched far back.  I couldn't imagine having to wait in that line!  There is also a great curbside type pick up window on the side of the building.  Wonder what the line is like there?  Never noticed before.  Might try that next time.  Overall a great experience.  I can't wait to try Joe's Farm Grill next!
4	So far, I have tried all three of Joe's restaurants: Joe's real BBQ, Joe's Farm Grill, and Liberty Market. I love them all but I think this is probably my favorite. I order the same meal here every time I go because it is just that good. Its the chopped BBQ Brisket sandwich with a side of mac and cheese and sometimes sweet corn if I am super hungry. The sandwich is huge, the meat has a great flavor, and the mac and cheese is some of the best I have ever had. I mean, come on, they crush up cheeze it's or goldfish and put them on top to make a crust. If that isn't love, I don't know what is! The corn is good but corn is corn, how bad can you screw it up? I've also had their beans before and they are really good except I am not a fan of lima beans so I kinda wish they were left out. Oh and Joe's has this great onion relish to put on your sandwich that is unlike anything I have ever tasted!!! If you are a fan of onions and you go to Joe's, you must try this stuff. I have also tried both types of cake, lemon and rootbeer and although they were both good, I would have to say that the lemon is the clear winner. The only thing I would say that I don't like about Joe's is where the drink dispensers are. Its a real pain to get a refill if there is a line. Also, you better make sure you pick up everything you will need when your going through the line unless you want to have to push past people later on to get what your missing. Joe's is definitely one of the best BBQ joints in the Phoenix area. Keep it up Joe!!!
4	I ordered the BBQ sampler.  Chicken, pork, beef, and ribs!  yum!  Then I washed it down with their red cream soda and root beer.  yum!Me = SATISFIED!
5	Good lord, the sampler! This place is on top of their BBQ game! In getting the sampler, I was treated to a mountain of meat, toast and two delicious sides! I gots to break down the meats... The chopped pork - smokey and delicious The bbq chicken - juicy and loaded with sauceThe brisket - wonderfully tender and flavorful The ribs - OH MY GOODNESS, THE RIBS! (best of the bunch!)On the side I had slaw and potato salad, both of which were good, but tasted pretty standard. I did get to try some of the beans and the scalloped potatoes and those were pretty legit. Oh yeah! I almost forgot that I washed everything down with homemade root beer; that complemented the meal perfectly!I really need to go back to try the sausages there, they looked just as good as everything else, but one man can only eat so much! I'll be back though, and soon.
3	I come here when my friend visits from out of town as she loves this place. Personally I think it's just alright, but then again I am not a huge BBQ fanatic. My favorite thing here is the cornbread with the sweet honey butter! These square blocks are soft, fluffy and delicious!A few months ago when i visited they had chicken wings that was really good. On this last visit I was hoping to get those again but I didn't see it on the menu which sucked!
4	What can I say, it was as good as everyone says it is!I went on Sunday, trekked across the desert sands to beautiful old town Gilbert (never been!) And walked intothe most stinkin cute joint I've been to in awhile! Anyplace that has 25cent coffee and CANDY BUTTONS is going to earn high marks from me.So why no 5 stars? Its minor stuff, and Joes is more of a 4 1/2 star place in my book. I ordered the chopped brisket sandwhich, after asking the girl in the paper hat if she preferred that or the pulled pork. It was amazing, though I was surprised to find I needed extra bbq sauce, since its cooked in the stuff. No matter, the sauce is free and delicious. Also ordered bbq beans- amazing- and mac & cheese -lost me a bit here. I wanted to love it, but felt it could use something extra and not just be standard mac & cheese. The crumbs were nice, but overall, this was just ok for me. Got a homemade rootbeer to wash it down- great touch. Next time, I'm going for the red cream! To finish (dear God, this was a lot of food lol) I had the apple crisp. Frowny face. Seriously, I was disappointed. For one, I much prefer red apples in a crisp, green tart apples seem wrong to me. Also, my crisp was missing its namesake and was more like slightly chewy. Total: $14.11... but did I mention the BOGO coupon for a weekend breakfast they threw in? I'm a sucker for savings!
3	Very good food, very expensive for what you get. that pretty much is the end of my review.
5	I've only been once, but I can't wait to go back. My husband and I tried the sampler plate and it was AMAZING. Plenty of food for 2 people. The brisket was so tender. Best I've ever had (I've tried it at 4 different BBQ places).  I was hoping the applesauce was chunky and homemade, but it looked and tasted more like it was from a can (pureed) and they added some pink food coloring. However, since I didn't go there for the applesauce, it still gets 5 stars.  The meat was the best BBQ I've had. Their BBQ sauce is SO good.  Not too spicy, but just enough of a kick that you can still taste your food.  Great place for kids too.
4	My fave place in Gilbert. When people come visit I love taking them here. I love the cafeteria feel of this BBQ joint and the fact that they have a tractor/backhoe... w/e that thing is called....in the restaurant makes it that much cooler... I can eat here everyday, if only those yummy sauces, home-made root beer and pulled pork with all those sides weren't so fatty!
4	Joe's is the best option for BBQ in Arizona (valley) that I've had...  However it doesn't compare to a few of the best I've had in Texas BBQ or Kansas City stuff...  Sorry!  Joe's a cool dude and I appreciate what he does here locally and with his other places nearby but I do like coming here and will continue to do so.  It's locally owned and that's worth my biz.Home made root beer is pretty good but not my fav.  Slaw is really good, kudos there, as is the mac-n-cheese w/ crusty top.  Beans are key and they're good here as well.Brisket is above average and the BBQ sauce comes a little thin in my opinion but after you pick up your tray there's a spot where you can add as much as you want. Pulled pork is exceptional and more so what I lean to when coming here.  The chicken is good too.Swing out and sit down.  If you've had The Salt Lick or similar in Texas you won't be blown away. But if you've never had good BBQ this will blow your socks off.
4	I have a confession: For some reason, early on, I wasn't that big a fan of Joe's. We're talking years ago, when I was much younger and the dry-cooked/add-sauce thing didn't appeal to me. How foolish I was.I absolutely love Joe's. Everything you can order here has so much flavor that you really can do no wrong. The sauce is fantastic, the ribs are delicious and very meaty, and the chicken is delightful.The staff is friendly and food comes up fast, since it's largely cafeteria-style, with a walk-up window for quick takeaway. The macaroni and cheese is a must-have, and the buttered corn is great too, and if you're feeling like an insane weight upon your stomach and soul, the jumbo baker will do you in.While Joe's is tip-top in almost every way, I've stumbled upon in the last 3 hours of a weekday only to find them out of either or both of my favorites: the ribs and chicken. I understand that everything BBQ, when done right, takes some serious time, and thus planning your supply for the late evening is tricky, but nothing breaks my heart more than rolling up to find they're out of my favorites, especially since it's a bit of a drive for me now. (I've taken to calling ahead.)Secondly, I've always felt that it's about a buck or two too expensive. It's a small detail, but a 2-meat, 2-side meal will set you back nearly $12, though that includes their bread and enough food to send you packing.The staff is friendly and helpful and the food is prepared with exceptional care to be absolutely delicious. My very favorite (beef) ribs are at Mining Camp in Apache Junction, but for fantastic (pork) ribs somewhere in the vicinity of society, Joe's is great.(They also make up part of the "birthday trifecta" of Joe's restaurants--head to here, Liberty Market, or Joe's Farm Grill for a free meal on your birthday. And yes, they encourage you to complete the trifecta and hit all three.)
5	Anything I say here will have already been said but Joe's is the best BBQ in the east valley. The food is great, the place is clean, seating inside or outside, their Saturday Breakfast is awesome and I don't want to get in trouble for telling you what kind of experience your mouth will have with the home made root beer. Lets just say if your spouse makes you feel like this root beer make your mouth feel you are one lucky person.
5	The best BBQ in Arizona!
5	As a sibling to Joe's Farm Grill, this place was a must try...As i've said many times before, believe the hype ( i know i say that a lot so sorry if its getting a little annoying)...This isn't your typical sit down, order from a menu and wait for your food type of joint.  You walk up, pick your meats (as is, in a sandwhich or sample all, etc...), pick your sides (great variety), grab a drink (no sweet tea! seriously?), pay, then sit down.  Best way to describe it is "cafeteria style."  Its clever but boy the line gets very long during busy times.  Luckily me and my lady went just before the dinner rush but i suggest picking a seat or booth as far away from where the line forms because you will get blocked in (and people will hover over you watching you eat while waiting in line).  Another cool thing they have is a takeout window on the side of the building.  Looks like they make it real easy to call in, pick up grub or just order to go.For meat i ordered the brisket and hot links.  Both were amazing!  As far as BBQ sauce you have 2 choices (their regular, very delicious homemade BBQ sauce or a spicy version which is friggin amazing and not too spicy unless you're a whimp) which keeps the theme of being simple (unlike famous daves where you have many to choose from).  I smothered both my meats in the spicy BBQ sauce and seriously ever since then i've been dying to go back and have more.For my sides i had the mac and cheese and buttered corn (not on the cob). Both were also very very delicious.  Of course i had to try the cornbread and oh my goodness it could be one of the best i've ever had.The cafeteria style, perfect portions and great food makes this my first choice for BBQ in all of AZ.  The two small complaints are no sweet tea (a requirement for all BBQ spots) and the prices only because i'm broke and unemployed but believe me, once i'm back working this will be a once a week (at least) type of place.  As far as i'm concerned, this Joe dude knows whats up.  Until we meet again...
4	I firmly believe that Joe Johnston is going to be a catalyst by which the East Valley get's it's head out of it's collective culinary behind.I've experienced almost everything the menu has to offer at Joe's Real BBQ.  I most enjoyed the Ribs, Pulled Pork and the Smoked Turkey, as well as the stuffed baked potatoes.  I've been lucky to get the smoked wing special from time to time, which are pretty fantastic and I think lead to the breakfast wings on the new breakfast menu.  For the fantastic main dishes, i've been pretty underwhelmed by the side dishes ... i've sampled a few of them in hopes of finding one that sings, but it mostly leads me to sticking with a sandwich and the stuffed potatoes.Their launch of their recent breakfast menu has been pretty fantastic ... I recommend trying the breakfast platter if your looking to try some different styles of meat, such as their bacon and their breakfast wings.  The potatoes seem inspired by the sister restaurant, Liberty Market, and there are some interesting choices such as Breakfast Jello and Raspberry Bread Pudding on the side.  My favorite breakfast item is the Mother Lode Burrito, which is a fantastic brisket stuffed burrito smothered in white gravy.  With some salsa from the fresh bar and a big of BBQ sauce, it makes a pretty great hangover remedy.  A nice bloody mary would be a fantastic accompaniment, but with no booze or beer at the restaurant, it's a bit of a dream at this time.Overall, Joe's is a very consistent BBQ experience.  Yes, it won't stack up against great BBQ's of the Midwest and South, but it's a fantastic local offering that is a little more expensive because local quality takes some time and costs a little more.  The good news, though, is you'll never have to search far and wide for the source of your food, because Joe and any of the managers will be happy to let you know.
5	After a year in Portland, Oregon we have found a single spot for decent BBQ, and it was much more expensive than Joe's for much less food. We will struggle on here in the Rose City (loving the city just not the lack of good BBQ) as we continue to pine away for Joe's...
3	I should have done this earlier but I am bumping it up to a 3 star because Joe offered to make it right if I gave the place another shot.  A businessman that cares about customers is worthy of +1 star.  Unfortunately for Joe's BBQ, my new favorite downtown Gilbert spot is across the street.  But, it's another Joe Johnston establishment, Liberty Market.  If I can pry myself away from Liberty Market on my treks from Tempe to Gilbert I'll give the BBQ another shot.
2	I went here with 12 people for my birthday, and I kind of wish we'd picked somewhere else. I had heard great things about the place and the reviews were great for it, so I expected to finally have some good barbeque.  I lived in Austin last year and experienced great barbeque on every corner of the city practically, so perhaps I'm spoiled, but Joe's was really disappointing given the stellar ratings everyone gives it...I had the two meat plate with brisket and chicken breast, two sides of cheesey potatoes and mac and cheese (I felt like eating some cheese I guess).The brisket was absolutely horrible... chewy, dry, pink in places and overcooked in others.  I ate about a bite of it and gave up.The chicken had good flavor and was pretty tender, this is what I mostly ate...The mac and cheese was horrible!  I can't believe this because so many reviews said it was great.  Some people that came to the lunch who had eaten here before said it was a little off, but I don't see how this could possibly be good.  It had something on top of it that tasted like smashed up cheetos or the cheese packet from a box of Kraft mac and cheese, without any kind of liquid added to it.The cheesey potatoes lacked any sort of cheese.  They were bland... I ate a little of it but mostly skipped that too.So for $12 I ate most of the chicken and avoided everything else.Also, they wouldn't give us the birthday $10 off thing because we were lunching the day before my birthday.  I understand there's no exceptions and we didn't care a whole lot...except that we had 12 people there who all spent about $12-15 each with meal and drink... it would have been a nice gesture for Joe's to knock off my meal since we came all the way from out of town and there would have been no way for me to actually dine there on my birthday.I won't be going back here, but I might try their other location, the Farm one... it could be good if we're not there after a lunch rush or something.  It seemed like everything that was served to us was sitting for quite a while besides my chicken.For the price, definitely not worth it.
4	I can't believe I have been visiting my father who lives about 3 minutes away from Joe's for the past 4 years and I have never been here! It finally happened this past LDW. We walked in and smelled the BBQ in the air and instantly turned my mouth into water. There was a long line, almost reaching the door; however, the line moved really quickly! I was at the counter ordering within five minutes of arriving. I tried the BBQ sampler and was DEEEELICIOUS! The BBQ baked beans were awesome, as was their corn bread. The price was great! Total for two BBQ samplers, corn bread, four drinks, and a baked potato was shy of $40! I would definitely be visiting Joe's next time I am in town.
3	Not bad....I really enjoyed the BBQ beans (an interesting blend of different varieties of beans instead of standard white beans) and BBQ chicken leg (what an awesome marinade:  a dry spice rub with the sweetness of honey, roasted to a crisp of skin and flaky meat).  Kudos to the homemade root beer, what a nice refreshing touch.The rest, including the brisket, pulled pork, baby back rib, and mac and cheese, were not that great.  Dry, flavorless and unexciting.
5	I have yet to have a bad meal at Joe's. The meat is flavorful and tender; the sides are appetizing and cravable.We have had Joe's cater a number of events and the food always gets complements. Once or twice they have forgotten an item, but if you let them know, they are apologetic and try to make it right with a gift card.
4	I think the line from where you order all the way to the door speaks for itself.  Really yummy bbq and homemade root beer.
5	dear joe, you seem to have this "running a business" thing down. your retro vibe is well played. i love arriving here knowing my car will always have a parking spot and, if there is a line out the door, it rarely takes more than 15 minutes. your soup-nazi (seinfeld anyone?) style ordering is efficient and to the point. i can't say enough about your sweet bbq sauce. it embodies all the hard work you have poured into your passion for bbq-ing.our go-to order every time: stuffed baker (baked potato) with a side of pulled pork. three thimbles of BBQ sauce. and the macaroni 'n cheese!this is the first stop we make with out of town guests. be sure to stop by Liberty Market for a lemon tart on your way home!tip: go for the birthday trifecta! up to $10 free grub at Joe's BBQ, Joe's Farm Grill, and Liberty Market.
4	I've been here many times since I moved down here 10+ years ago. I really like this place. I'd say the BBQ is above average, and thus the 4 stars. But the service is friendly and the atmosphere is homey. I like their ribs but it can be a tad dry at times. Maybe I like them meatier. I swear they used to give you 3 ribs, but now 2. The pulled pork is pretty good. I think I like my brisket fattier. Otherwise it's too dry. The hotlinks are pretty good. Love their cheesy potatoes and pit beans. I think they have the best bbq sauce anywhere. Yep, I think that's why I really like Joe's. They are fairly close and they have awesome bbq sauce. As far as the actual meat goes, I like them, but I like Stacy's smokehouse better. :) Only wish Joe's have beef ribs.....
4	First of all, I did not expect to come into a cafeteria style eatery. They serve the basics of BBQ, nothing too fancy. A few appetizers and side options, like cheesy potatoes, baked mac n' cheese, fresh corn bread, etc. All were very tasty. For entree, they have a wide variety of meats and combos and samplers. Overall, this is a great place,... meat was well prepared, a little pricey for what I was expecting.
3	I love eating at Joe's. The dining room is really cool, but I like going outside to the picnic tables and eating there. On this day, I got the half slab or pork ribs, potato salad, mac and cheese and a diet soda.It's nice eating on real china with real silverwear. The sides were fine except for the toast. Did we toast it within the past hour? I do like really good bread with my meals and this did not do it. Joe's needs to figure a way to give us fresh, hot toast. A piece of white bread with butter would have been better. The sauce on the ribs was great. Not the sweet kind, just right. It makes the meal. The pork did fall off the bone, but it wasn't the best tasting. Not sure why. Not bad enough to return, but not 'oh my god' good.I'll go back. Especially in a couple weeks on my birthday. Joe is kind enough to let me eat for free on that day. Up to $10 bucks. Not badI did end up taking half of my ribs home. Maybe, I'll sneak out to the kitchen.  BRB.
5	I live close enough to Joe's to be tortured daily by the enticing aroma the smoker emits. My family can pick up dinner here for less than we can at Micky D's (If we don't order drinks) so we often opt for BBQ if we are going to eat out. The food is amazing, the staff is always friendly, and the location can't be beat. I can't wait to try Liberty Market and the Farm Grill.
5	Still good!  We moved closer to Joe's (not on purpose) and eat here more often now.  My honey gets the HUMONGOUS baked potato loaded with everything including pulled pork and ribs.  I still get the small pulled pork sandwich.  Haven't dared to venture from it for some reason, but I do change my sides everytime and like them.
5	I do have to say the BBQ is great, love the sauces, great kick. the cheesy potato's are really good. Now the lemon cake I have to say is the best I have ever had. Love the inside decor and being able to go outside and eat is a plus. Great job to the staff of Joe's
5	One thing I look forward to when I am working in Chandler is going to Joe's.  The food is great and after a long day in and out of the car, I enjoy the casual let your hair down atmosphere.  The food is delightful, I have tried nearly everything on the menu, after going there for years.I think it's one of Chandler's star locations
4	Excellent beef brisket and the mac and cheese was delicious.  The cornbread with honey butter was good, too, though pricy for $1.99.  I didn't care for the cole slaw, though.  It looked better than it tasted.  I couldn't tell if I was tasting apple or spearmint in it, but it just wasn't a hit with me.  My one "beef," pun intended, with my first visit to Joe's this weekend was how long the serving line was, yet there was only one cashier.  Thank goodness Joe's apparently has its carryout business behind or alongside the outside of the restaurant, otherwise it would be a worse logjam inside.  This has nothing to do with Joe's, but outside its doors is Gilbert's quaint central business district, which would be nice to walk around and shop after eating at Joe's, yet the only shop I found afterwards was a nice arts and local crafts business and a furniture store.  I wish some of those empty storefronts had tenants and retailers to visit after eating at Joe's.  Joe's is clearly a destination and it's too bad there aren't other nearby retailers to enjoy the traffic that this restaurant generates in the downtown.
5	Love.  It.  Awesome pulled pork, brisket, turkey.  The sides are really good, too.  I feel like it's somewhat expensive, but it's worth every bite, but then again, that's BBQ.  If it's dirt cheap, that means it's not quality meat.Anyway, the 2-pound potato is great, too -- chives, sour cream, butter....
5	I have never in my life ever eaten pulled pork sandwich this damn good. So good I nearly choked on the first bite as a battle started between my tongue and stomach on who would further enjoy this tasty snack. My tongue of course won that got my stomach growling and gurgling which of course attracted alot of unwanted attention. I then proceeded to tell my stomach ( easy there big fella ) the foods a coming your way. I must admit that l've been going through withdrawals for almost 8 months now. I will definitely go out of my way to eat there again if in the area. Note play it safe to have something for later because I was fiending for more on the way back to California.
4	Delish! This is a must-go restaurant! The pit ham and smoked turkey are to die for delicious, as is the brisket! Love the sides as well (try the cheesey potatoes) and the loaded baked potato is sinfully delish! There is always a line (evidence of a good restaurant) but it's worth the wait! I highly recommend Joe's Real BBQ!
4	Really Excellent BBQ Experience!OK, I must admit that Texas spoiled me when it comes to two types of food. BBQ & Tex-Mex.For the last 10 years in Phoenix I have been trying different BBQ places to find something that I think will measure up to those experiences and I finally found Joe's BBQ in Gilbert.My favorite BBQ item is Brisket. It has to be cooked right and not many now how to keep in the flavor and still get it to come apart. these folks do.I would recommend you do two things. Go with a partner and share. You can split a sampler plate and a 11 pound baked potato between the two of you and still have food to take home.Otherwise, order up the brisket and try a baker. the corn was great as well and I tried the coleslaw but it's a little too dry to be Texas style so you take your chances there.the other menu item I really liked was the ribs. this surprised me as I usually find most BBO's tend to over cook them making them too dry and tough. Not the case here. these were tender, moist and flavorful and the Pecan wood used to slow smoke them gave a nice flavor.The atmosphere was typical BBO family style seating and self serve condiments.The best place I have had BBQ in Texas was Rudy's BBQ. They served great Brisket but did something else that these folks miss. They offered a hand full of sliced bread with it (not toasted), had fresh Sliced onion and pickles as condiments and served the BBQ sauce in squeeze bottles at the table.Unlike Rudy's, they have none of the above here at Joe's and I hate having to get up and down to get BBQ sauce and I also hate filling up little cups of the stuff and duping it on my food.That being said, I give it 4 of 5 stars for doing a great job up to this point and I would totally go back better prepared to devour some nice brisket.Enjoy!
5	Comfort Food Galore! I went to Joe's for the first time last weekend and was blown away. I had the beef brisket which was lean, tender and fantastic. Joe's meat's are "Pecan Smoked" as it's clearly stated on the wall of the establishment. The mild BBQ sauce is a sweet contrast to the smokey meat...YUM! My friend and I ordered the mac and cheese and homemade applesauce for sides...again YUM! Portions are large and well worth it. I'm glad I didn't order the baked potato because they're huge and roughly the size of a Nerf football. Another great surprise was the homemade Root Beer. I don't consider myself a Root Beer drinker but the HOMEMADE Root Beer was the perfect drink to wash down my excellent meal. Try it because you'll like it. The next time I'm in Gilbert I'll see you at Joe's. If I'm not there I'll be across the street and the owner's other yummy restaurant.
5	(with apologies to Jerry Maguire):"I love Joe's! I love Joe's for the perfect BBQ restaurant it wants to be. And I love it for the perfect restaurant it almost is."
5	I take it back.... 5 stars all the way!!! I love this place. I love the cafeteria feel, the amazing bbq you smell a block away from the parking lot. Everything!I even had the yummy home-made rootbeer, even though I'm not a big fan of rootbeer in general.
4	I eat a lot of BBQ and i really like this place. Great atmosphere. The strong point for this place is the sides. They are really well done. Got the ribs and brisket. Ribs were great; the only complaint is the brisket was a little tough, but not bad. It did have a nice smoke ring as well. I would eat here again. The service was fast and good as well.
4	Not the best bbq i have had, but a great atmosphere, good portions, and nice outdoor seating.
3	This is probably fantastic BBQ for many but not those that are from the heart of BBQ country. I'm still in search of GREAT BBQ. Where do I find pork cooked long & slopped with sauce the whole time its being burnt with fire? Uber tired of smoked meat with little to no flavor and sweet sauce. The sides here are really good but I'm still in search of bbq like you find down South & Kansas City. The atmosphere is great and I was so excited to eat here because Joe's Farm Grill is so unbelievably good. If people turn there head like a confused dog (and EVERY PHX BBQ joint has so far) when you ask them for chopped outside, they have NO business being in the BBQ business.
4	the root beer is worth six stars, the food, worth four, the fact that they won't let me eat my lunch while sitting on the John Deere- one.  overall a nice four. let me sit on the tractor next time, and I'll bump it to five.
5	We've been fans since Joe's opened. Best BBQ in the valley. Pecan-smoked meats are sweet and succulent. Hungry first-timers should check out the Sampler Platter. If you're lucky enough to arrive on a rare day when they have their rib-tip sandwich available, be sure to check it out. It's amazing!
4	Joe's is a Gilbert staple. They have the service down to a science so you can start your journey standing in the back of a line that is about a quarter mile long, and inside of 5 minutes you are sitting at a picnic table under the trees enjoying your grub.I have been a fan since before I knew why it was important to find and keep places like this thriving.  Joe is cool, and a guy that people who want to succeed in independant business in Arizona should keep their eye on. The food is quality, the location has been around forever, but keeps fresh with awesome and unique decor (like a life size tractor) and lots of space outside for families with kids to go crazy.The menu is simple and doesn't try to do too much. The staff is usually very pleasant as well. My usual is that potato that is as big as my forearm stuffed to the gills with pulled pork, sour cream, chives, bbq sauce, butter, cheese. and pickles on the side. If you haven't been to Joe's, you should make it a point.
5	I love this place so much, it hurts. I've been going since it opened way back in the day when I was in high school living in Gilbert. This is not really a review, but more of a request to Joe, whom usually reads these posts. Keep the Hot Wings on the menu permanently! I got them once before after the 12Ks of Christmas in 2009 and again, last night. I heard on Twitter from BBQ delivery guy that Joe's was taking hot wing orders for the big game on Sunday and I was hoping they would be a special on the menu. So I had to stop by and hopefully get some wings, again.These are officially my second favorite item on the menu, behind the ribs, but slightly above the pulled pork. Please, please, please put these on full time!
5	I have once again returned to Joe's this time to sample his BBQ beans and home made rootbeer. I loved every bite and every sip. I also ate a whole slab of ribs by myself so please don't judge me because they were that damn good. Till next time enjoy yourself and indulge.
4	I grew up in SE NM / West Texas pit bbq country, so I'm automatically suspicious of any bbq joint I go to.  While I still haven't found bbq in Arizona that is as good as back where I grew up, I can say that I really do enjoy going to Joe's Real BBQ.The surrounding area is pleasant and charming.  The menu is simple and straightforward, the sides are tasty, and I have never left hungry.  If you're in a hurry, they have a take-out window right off the sidewalk.Oh, and there's a big tractor in the middle of the restaurant!
5	I am a Gilbert boy and I have been eating here seemingly my whole life. I take ALL of my out of town guests here, especially when the weather is nice and we can sit outside. Great vibe always, super friendly staff, and the best BBQ I have ever had hands down. This food is made with love!
4	Came here with my fiance while we were in town visiting his family..  It wasn't what I expecting, the line was crazy long we waited for 30 min just to order the food but the service was fast and efficient as possible..  The homemade root beer was very good as was the cheesy potatoes and baked beans.. The pulled pork was  a huge portion a little more on the sweet side as I am more used to the Carolina vinegar bbq sauce but I am a fan of this place and I will be back when we are in town my only complaint is that I am not a fan of cafteria style eating...
2	Maybe I'm still mourning the loss of J Ruggs, my favourite BBQ place that went out of business last July... but I came into Joe's today hoping to find a replacement pulled pork sandwich that I could love just as much. It wasn't here at Joe's. My boyfriend ordered brisket, sausage and cheesy potatoes - all of which I sampled. The sausage was probably my favourite (and I ended up eating 90% of it off his plate)... but I felt like the cheesy potatoes were under seasoned. Maybe I just like potatoes salty.Also - not a huge fan of the soda machine placement. When the line was long, I felt bad trying to squeeze through just to refill my drink.I'm not saying the food was awful... but it just wasn't what I was looking for. The pulled pork sandwich hunt continues. :(
2	Still stand by my prior review.  The hot links were the best thing I had, the ribs were fine once again, brisket unimpressive again, I actually liked the cheesy potatoes as opposed to my g/f, sweet corn was institutional.  We came at around 2pm on a Sunday, and though still a steady flow of customers coming in, after my 2nd visit I begin to question why.
3	A star upgrade for the owner's quick response!  His message was respectful and enough to get me off the fence to try Joe's Real BBQ at some point for a 3rd try.
5	Finally tried Joes after moving to Gilbert from Chandler and WOW I am glad I did! This is the REAL DEAL!
3	ok I decided to try this place because everyone I talked to says it's the best BBQ around...I had the BBQ sampler and it was just okay..  The beef not much flavor, the ribs were tender but I didn't get alot of the "smoke" flavor that I like in my ribs, the chicken was delish-tender and smoky, the pulled pork was excellent.  I also had the cheesy potatoes--they were not cheesy and very bland. Oh and the mac n cheese--now I love, I mean LOVE some mac n cheese and it was again ok.  Not as good as i heard it was, I expected so much more.  I also tried their homeade rootbeer--um well let's just say it has some serious bite.  I didn't like it at all, I'm not sure what gives rootbeer its bite (the best I can describe is a licorice taste) way too strong for my liking.  I will prolly try it again knowing that I liked the pulled pork.  I like the fact that they have a takeout place outside.
5	This place is awesome!  I had the sampler platter, and wow...I couldn't even finish it all.  It was so much food.  The ribs were good, and the chicken was good....but when I go back, I am sticking to the brisket and the pulled pork.  The brisket and pulled pork are the best I have eaten in AZ, and I have tried a lot of places.  The coleslaw and the macaroni salad was very good as well.  Really can't go wrong with any of the sides.Make sure to get a coca-cola cake for dessert.  It was amazing.Definitely try this place out if you are looking for an inexpensive barbecue joint that will fill you up!
4	This place is amazing. Cafeteria style food service but some of the best BBQ ever! You might want to bring a bib.
5	I live in the Los Angeles area and wish we had a Joe's Real BBQ here. Ate there for the first time last Saturday and had a sampler plate--which is the best deal on the menu. I love smoked meats and expected to like the ribs the most. I actually thought the chicken was the best of the four meats, followed by the pulled pork, brisket and the ribs. I had the beans and corn as sides, which were OK. I didn't add any BBQ sauce...just ate things the way they came on the plate.Everyone has their own preference or regional experiences when it comes to smoking and BBQ. Joe's meat is smoked with pecan wood-- which was a first for me. It did not seem to be as overwhelming or smoky as hickory or some other woods (at home I prefer hickory & applewood for pork, and applewood for chicken). I visit Phoenix two or three times a year and plan to go to Joe's as much as I can. Lots of seating. We sat outside because the weather was perfect and had a great time. Oh, they have their own root beer and sell coffee for $0.25.
4	They've got some great food over at Joe's, my favorite is the jumbo pulled pork sandwich, which I always order with some shredded cheddar cheese on top. I am a huge mac and cheese fan, but I don't really dig the whole breadcrumbs on top thing, which is really the only thing I can even come up with as a negative, aside from the fact that it gets a little pricey. Also, be wary of Sunday morning/early afternoon, as the line can extend the entire length of the building with the after church crowd (as I discovered today).
4	I love it here. We eat here all of the time. I usually get a Brisket, cheesy potatoes, and beans- All are very flavorful. On the weekends there is always a line out the door but it moves pretty fast. They have a side window so that you can order food to go. You can also call it in and pick it up at the window for faster service. It still tastes great when you get it home. If you haven't eaten here I would definitely give it a try.
4	I found Joe's Real BBQ while visiting friends in Gilbert.  One word for Joe's is- GREAT.  It was great BBQ!  The line out the door was a huge indicator that I was going to be a fan of Joe's.  Thankfully, my friend had called our order in, so we went to the pick-up window outside.  I had the regular BBQ sandwich with one side ($6.99). You are able to add an extra side for another $1 but I would not have been able to finish a 2nd side.  I decided to have the chopped brisket for my sandwich and the BBQ pit beans for my side.  The brisket sandwich was delicious!  I would absolutely recommend this sandwich.  The beans were okay.  I would pick a different side next time. I ordered a kid's sandwich meal for my son ($4.49).  Great deal! The homemade root beer was yummy!  If I had seen their desserts, there is no question that I would've had to have something.  So many good choices! Apple crisp...sweet potato pie...root beer cake, etc.  I will save room for dessert next time!
5	I am a southerner so when it comes to bbq I have had the full gamut. Mustard, Vinegar, Ketchup based yep tried them all. I have ate at BBQ joints all over the US due to my travels and don't do to shabby with my smoker in my own back yard either. Lets just say when I saw rave reviews about a BBQ joint in AZ I was skeptical. Things I knew before going in without reading a review1. Tea would not be sweet2. The beans would probably have pintoes in themWell guess what the tea was not sweet and I think there were pintoes in their beans but I ate them too fast to really verify due to the awesomeness. I really like the feel of this place its not in the country but it feels like it should be. The atmosphere is not trying to be fancy its triyng to be welcoming and non threatening which basically say's "you're here for the food not fancy seating or servers not get in line and get some que" Which to me is what a good bbq place is about. The cafeteria line may be off putting to snobs who feel too refined to wait in a cafeteria line but who cares about those people anyway. I have dined at my share of places with michelin stars and the like but I know good que does not require that kind of pomp.So now that I am done bashing on people who feel to fancy for this place lets get down to why I have 5 little stars glowing up there....THE FOODSo my menu selection was as follows I elected for the 3/4 lb meat plate which included 2 ribs, a chicken breast, some pulled pork and sliced brisket. I also had the beans and the slaw.Joe's has a sauce and condiment bar which includes the full spectrum of toppings for sandwiches and two pots of sauce. One is their regular sauce the other is the hot bbq sauce. I love spicy food but I also like to sample the fare so i got a little tub of each.The pork.....wow tender, flavor packed, juicy, and just soaked up the sauce and punched me with flavor. The brisket again tender, smoky, rich, juicy, and delicious...are we seeing a theme here?The ribs although not as meat packed as I have seen the flavor was awesome. Succulent, sweet, smoky, and mouth watering are the adjectives I am left with. I haven't ate the chicken yet due to full stomach but I have no doubt it will fall in line with the other meats I partook.Both sauces were great and my love of spice and heat prevailed as my little tub of hot was empty while my regular still half full. These meats don't need sauce but boy is the sauce good. The beans were amazing its a variety of beans in there and the flavor and depth is awesome. Lots of shredded meat hiding in there as well and lots of flavor exploding in my mouth as well. The slaw was good fresh and slightly sweet not the best I have ever had but definitely very good and still deserving of 5 star ratings.The long and short is the food is good, the service is great, and the place is well worth a visit.
5	Great BBQ restaurant. Nice laid back feel and awesome food that makes me want to dance when it hits the tongue. I have yet to be disappointed. Eat here!
4	Great BBQ and sides.  My hubby and I always order the sampler and two sides to split.  Plenty of food without overeating.  The only negatives are that the location of the ordering line and the soft drink machine are too close and the outdoor seating is overrun with birds.
3	I would give this place two stars, but since Joe is such a great figure for the community it is a 3 star place. The food is average tasting, not much flavor. I went there today for the 5th time ever hoping it will be tastier, but that is not the case. Its not a bad place, not just one I would desire to go to. The best bbq in AZ is Bobby Qs on the westside.
4	Sliced BBQ Chicken Meat PlateTonight I was in the mood for some real good BBQ food; Joe's Real BBQ it was.  I arrived on a Friday night around 7:30. It was a perfect night for BBQ. I parked across the street. When walking up to the restaurant you could see a big neon sign which was right above the door "Joe's Real BBQ". The smell of pecan wood chips filled the air and the smell of BBQ poured through the door as I opened them. I waited in line for about 15 minutes. Half way through the line a small cute older woman offered me a menu. As I got to the front of the line I grabbed my tray, silverware, and a black cherry soda for me. A young gentleman asked me what I wanted. I ordered sliced BBQ chicken plate with potato salad and macaroni n cheese. I paid with my debit card and was on my way to enjoy some BBQ. Through the doors I entered the patio area. I saw stringed lights hanging from all the trees. I sat down on a park bench on the patio. I dove into my dinner plate. I grabbed some bread, hot BBQ sauce, and my pecan smoked BBQ chicken. It was so delicious. The chicken was so moist and cooked just to order. Joe's offers these chopped pickled onions. They were so delicious with the bread and chicken. The black cherry soda washed down the BBQ perfectly. The potato salad that came with my dinner plate was also tasty. The potato salad wasn't really cold to me.  The mac n cheese came along with my dinner plate. I was definitely disappointed with it. It had some bread crumbs sprinkled on top. It was lukewarm and a little bland. However I ate it and enjoyed it. The best part of dinner was definitely the BBQ chicken. As I sad and listened to old country music and children running around playing. I savored my meal and enjoyed the spring night. I will be returning for some "real BBQ" thanks to Joe's. Hopefully you will enjoy it as much as I did!
5	I've lived in the Phoenix area for over 17 years, and this is the best BBQ I've found so far.  No contest.  I'm partial to the pulled pork, but their brisket also is awesome.  And the bbq beans are to die for...Two sauces available...regular and habanero bbq sauce.  And homemade root beer and lemonade!Oh...and on your birthday they feed you for free (up to $10).Great food, great prices.  A gem for any BBQ fan.
5	Love it! All I can say is, that the food is always great at this place. I have never had anything that wasn't absolutely devine.  I have tried BBQ in places that are known for the best BBQ, i.e. Kansas City, Fort Worth, etc. Having found this place, thanks to my husband, we are hooked.
4	So I went here for customer appreciation day to try this BBQ for free!! This place was so busy, obviously due to free food. The line went really fast though, my friend and I waited only about 15 minutes and then got some bbq pork sandwiches with beans and coleslaw. So the sandwich was good, it probably could have had more sauce, but it was tasty. The beans were also very tasty. I'm not a coleslaw fan, and this was just par. I would definitely come here again and try something else, as the flavors were good. Also, it was very nice of them to do a free day, that's great. My friend said he thought the food was good, but the coleslaw was too wet. I don't know about that.
4	I came here with 3 other girls, and we ordered basically everything we could on the menu to split between all of us. We ordered the ribs, cheese potatoes, monster potato, macaroni and cheese, corn bread, and the BBQ beans. I must say it was a hearty meal! The price came out to be around $10 a person, which was great to be able to try everything!This place is a self serve restaurant. You order up front and find your own seats. I would recommend coming before prime lunch/dinner time because a flood of people come in. Also, unless you know exactly what you like from this restaurant, come in a big group! Try everything you can!It's a very family style place, so it's great for a family outing, a quick date, or even just a hang out! Really cute place!
4	Good BBQ, Very Sourthern style , but I like dave's more.
5	Always amazing, great food, friendly helpfull employes, and very kid friendly.
4	Excellent  bbq, and if you are getting an order to go, be sure to use the pick up window around the corner on Page St. for speedy and friendly ordering and pick up.  Tried the sampler with coleslaw.  The meat was fall of the bone tender, and had a rich smokey flavor.  The bbq sauce included was thick, smokey, and tangy, which was well matched with the meat.  My favorites were the chicken (some of the most tender chicken I've had in a long time), and the pulled pork.  I wasn't a big fan of the coleslaw, which was a bit bland, and more creamy with an overpowering flavor of celery (seed?) than tangy, but since the real star of the show is the bbq, it's a minor issue.
4	The sauce is great.  The sides are ok.
4	Joe's is one of my favorite Sunday "Good Eats" spots. The cafeteria line ordering process makes obtaining and eating food super easy and quick, not to mention you don't have to tip! The food is always consistently great. I like to try the specials whenever I can. This past Sunday I tried the BBQ Hot Wings Special, it was good but I think I prefer the Brisket and Pulled Pork better. Even though the meat does not need it always get a side a BBQ, trust me you won't regret it. There's two house made BBQ sauces, Regular & Spicy. The portions are really big so I would suggest automatically getting a to-go box and putting half of your food away so you can have room for dessert, Yum Yum! A little pricey but what good BBQ isn't.
5	I go for the HOMEMADE root beer. I grew up on chili dogs and A & W root beer floats. These take me back to summertime in Illinois. Free refills on the root beer makes it a meal in itself. The husband loves the oversize baked potato with the salt rub eats the entire potato, stuffed with BBQ, cheese and sour cream. Our friends had a resort wedding and the best part was the rehearsal dinner at Joes!
2	While on my first visit to this place, I decided to have their BBQ sampler plate.  Their pork ribs were my favorite thing, but they were just okay.  The pulled pork was less than average, and the beef brisket was by far my least favorite thing.  The reoccurring theme for all of these meats was blandness, which was most pronounced on the brisket.  Also, the sauce wasn't my favorite.  It was overly sweet and reminded me of syrup you put on pancakes because it had a distinct maple flavor.  I certainly wouldn't buy a bottle of it to take home.However, it wasn't all bad.  Their sides were pretty good.  The mac and cheese and baked beans were pretty good, and the homemade root beer was excellent.  In the end, I go to BBQ restaurants for the meat not the sides, which means I might not be back to this place.  Another post indicated that this is good BBQ for Phoenix and just mediocre by southern or Kansas City's standards.  I'm not sure I agree.  I have been to other BBQ places in the Phoenix area, and I have found several--Pork on a Fork, Haps, Honey Bears, and Waldos--to be better than this place, but none of these places meet southern standards.  Only Pork on a Fork or Haps comes close to achieving that feat.
4	I go here often--because I live in a house full of males.  Males that must consume honey slathered carcasses on a regular basis.Joe's is good BBQ, can't deny that.  But don't go if you care about variety, scene or a calorie intake.  I get the baked potato (cause it seems "sorta" healthy next to my other options).  But watch out!  Your reflexes have to be lightening quick in order to stop them from adding a pound of butter to the tater ;)  If you feel like splurging, the classic cokes in glass bottle are a wonderful add-on.  They also have an assortment of old-style candies.
3	Visiting my cuzzos in AZ for Memorial Day weekend, they took me to Joe's Real BBQ. The place itself is very nice, it's spacious and has ample seating. When we got there, there was a huge line that stretched out to the door, but an employee (who I'm pretty sure is Joe himself; he looked like the man on the logo)  came out and assured us that the wait was only 20 minutes or so. I felt assured after that.If it's your first time, then I'd definitely recommend getting the BBQ Sampler Plate. It has good portions of ribs, chicken, pork, and beef so you can sample from everything.Although all my Arizonians relatives found Joe's BBQ to be delicious, I personally found Joe's to be less than stellar than some of the BBQ joints I've been to in California. For starters, they totally skimped on the BBQ sauce, and for me, when I eat BBQ, I NEED all that sauce to be smothering my meat. One last note: Joe's Real BBQ gets the most points in my book for having cream soda. I'm a HUGE cream soda aficionado, and well, let's just say the highlight of my night was owning up the cream soda fountain. I killed it (though the same could be said for my bladder).Joe's BBQ is definitely nice for large family outings. You can talk, take your time, and just really chill here. But for real BBQ taste, I wouldn't say this is my first choice.
4	Food was good not great.  I can say that I could tell it was fresh and home made. Their root beer was not a hit with the boyfriend. We had a bbq sampler plater. The smoke ring on the meat was impressive but couldn't really taste the smoky goodness I was looking for. Mind you I dont like things overly smoked I am not a fan of el passo or daves ribs just because of the over powering smoke flavor. I couldnt pass up a slice of the obviously home made sweet potatoe pie. But had a hard time deciding if it was a pumpkin or sweet potato when eating it. Dont get me wrong it was a good slice of pie just not fantastic.
5	We ordered a sampler and voted that pulled pork and pork ribs are indeed tasty and delicious. The home made Root beer was an added perks, we like it very much too.This restaurant started in 1998. After more than 10 years in the business still they have maintain the food quality and the cleanliness of this place. It's definitely one of the places in the valley that we would visit when we crave for BBQ.I am so impressed with the review from some organization so I decided to take a photo. You'll be the judge.
5	I am always looking for something original in the Phoenix area, and Joe's BBQ is definitely one of those few places. The food is really great (I'm generally not much of a red meat eater, but I love the brisket sandwich). The atmosphere is pleasant too, with plenty of booths and tables and outside picnic tables (or you can get takeout at the window on the south side of the building). Don't let the line scare you; it moves quickly, and if you go off hours (1 or 2 PM, even on weekends), you can find an indoor table immediately.
5	Joe's was recommended to use by my fathers friend who hadnt been there in 10 years, but still remembered the name and everything about it!  The place was perfect.  Great decor, awesome and friendly staff and amazing BBQ smoked with Pecan wood.  I got the sampler and took half home.  If you like BBQ this is the only place you need to go.
4	This was my first visit to Joe's this place is a hit! I got the 2 meat plate there was so much food I couldn't finish.Very good mac n cheese. The sweet potato pie is to die for!!
4	My boyfriend and I looked up this place on yelp and decided to try it out.  When we arrived, we walked inside and the line was to the door.  Instead of waiting, we went to the take-out window outside, which we thought was very convienent.  They were very fast and friendly.  The ribs were tender and very good.  The pulled pork and hot sausage had great flavor!  Their bbq sauce is sweet with a bit of tang.  The mac and cheese was EXCELLENT!  The only thing that I was not pleased with was the cornbread.  I feel that they could make it much better.  We will definately be going back to eat bbq.  Overall experience was very good.
5	Best BBQ in AZ (well its up there). I used to live down the street from here when I lived in AZ. Now when I visit my folks I sometimes make a trip to this place. I can't even begin to tell you my favorite dishes here because it changes every time. Their pulled pork is great. Their brisket is great. Their backed potatoes and side dishes are to die for. Typing this right now is making me crave this place as we speak. The building is great and the outdoor seating is even better. I can't say enough good things about this place. Its AWESOME!
5	I absolutely love Joe's! Wonderful family- oriented feel... Along with fantastic pulled pork sandwiches, beans, and Mac n' cheese!
2	I am not trying to be a hater of BBQ but I am going to throw my review of this place in there and most of the rating has to do with the price and would I return or not.Pros - food is served very quickly if you are in a hurry. Corn bread is very good and you always get a piece hot from the oven. Cons - The home made rootbeer is not as good as A&W but you may like it more than me. The food was Meh and I love BBQ maybe again you like it more than me but I do my BBQ a little different. The bread used was average at best. The prices was 26 dollars for 2 BBQ sandwitches and 2 sides each with corn bread and 1 drink. WOW did I fall asleep and wake up at Famous Dave's? Comments - This is a quick serve already made BBQ place kinda like a cafe at school but with higher up prices than what you would expect. I didnt eat all my food and would not return. I am meaning to go back to give Joe's Farm grill another try but with the gift card I was given I thought I would try something else for a change. I should have got a hamburger instead. :(
4	I've only had the pork ribs, potato salad (they use red potatoes, YES) bread, and their cheesy potatoes, but they are truly delish! I even had some left over that I ate the next day, and I never eat leftovers, ever. Not to mention the amazing smell that hits you like a ton of bricks as soon as you walk anywhere within a mile of this place. My good friend tattoos at a shop next to this place and he took me here on his lunch break. I was reluctant to go because I've never had good bbq that wasn't made on a grill in a backyard, but boy was I wrong. This place does it right with a price that won't make you feel guilty about eating out. And they sell old school candy like bazooka gum and wax lips! SCORE!
4	Pulled pork BBQ sandwich was great.  Cole slaw is excellent and beans are the best I have tasted anywhere. Dine next to a tractor!  Joe does it right!
5	Joe's Real BBQ is the best bbq that I've had in Arizona.Joe's is in an old historic building, which helps to make the dining experience even better. More importantly, the food is great. Joe's bbq sauce has a great tangy taste to it and the meat is always tender with a great smokey taste to it. They have a great selection of meats that include chicken, sausages, chopped brisket, turkey, ribs, ham, and the highlight of the menu being the pulled pork.They also have a good selection of great tasting sides such as bbq beans, cheesy potatoes, sweet cut corn, mac n' cheese, and potato salad.Best bbq in Arizona along with great menu options, gives Joe's Real BBQ five stars.
3	The building is neat, the staff is friendly, the food is okay. It's a cafeteria setting: stand in line, grab a tray, pay and sit down. Not having to tip is a plus.I actually prefer Honey Bears, Bobby Q and Famous Dave's.
4	Delicious BBQ, mac & cheese, hot links and beans.Not much for picky kids to eat besides mac & cheese.The line can get long (out the front door!), but take out is available & you can call your order in ahead of time.Staff is always friendly & courteous.
4	So much food! So much BBQ! My stomach can barely contain itself from the BBQ goodness. Such a great price for good food.Got the meat plate with the beef brisket and pork ribs with a side of corn and cheesy potatoes. The BBQ sauce was nice and tangy and the meat just fell of the bone. Brisket was a little on the dry side, but that's not a problem when you can drench it in more sauce. Add a side of their pickled onions and it is just yummy yummy in my tummy.The trick is to come when they are about to close. They want to get rid of whatever they have left so they will give you much bigger portions. This can be a drawback if you wanted a certain item because they might be sold out for the day. I really wanted to try their mac n cheese, but it's a risk I am willing to take for more MEAT!!!
4	A great place with a great product.  The pulled pork is amazing and the ribs are as well.  The baked potato with a massive glob of butter and sour cream is about as good as it gets when topped with ham or pulled pork. I love the soda selection and the homemade rootbeer is cool although too sweet for my taste.  Great spot if you have kids even more so when it is nice outside so they can run around and climb trees etc.  On the down side they only have two sauces both of which are the dark sweet stuff.  One is mild and the other is hot.  I wish they had some additional (perhaps vinegar based) choices considering you are a BBQ shop.   Lastly I know they are shooting for a family atmosphere but they do not serve any beer.  It is not the place you hang out in after you are done eating so I really fail to understand why they do not support local micro-brewers in the area.  Oh man....thinking hard now about a Four Peaks 8th Street Ale with a "Jumbo All Pork!"Dear Lord I will never be thin!
4	Whenever I step out of the car before heading into Joe's, my senses are prepped for deliciousness by the smoky aromas lingering outside. The line is usually long but well worth it when you get to the front.The food is good and filling, and the prices are great for the amount and quality of food that you get. I took my brother here for the first time the last time I went, and he was practically in heaven and couldn't wait to go back. I get the mac and cheese and the pulled pork sandwich pretty much every time. Unfortunately I'm never in town to go to Joe's on my birthday (damn you finals!), but I will definitely remember to treat my brother to a free meal  on his.
5	Joe's Rules!!!
4	If you love BBQ, this place is for you.  Nostalgic feel with a farm tactor sitting in the dining room.  Good selection of sides and the rootbeer is home made.  Like Joe's Farm Grill, this place can draw a crowd and you'll be in for a long wait for service but timing is everything.Can be a bit pricey is you load up but the quality of the food is top notch!I'll definately be back.
1	Went mid afternoon order a pulled pork sandwich, rack of ribs... wouldn't consider this place authentic by any means... I've had better frozen meals in my time. Also so called "handmade" root beer wasn't as good as I expected. Pulled pork sandwich bun was stale, and actual meat on sandwich was dry. Not worth the 20 or so bucks I wasted.
5	I am a long time BBQ connoisseur. I participate in BBQ judging at the KC royal, and have spent a solid portion of my life in Kansas City. When it comes to good BBQ - Joe's is really your only choice in the Valley. BBQ pork, Beef brisket cannot be matched anywhere else. Now - Ribs, I can say my personal preference is not Joe's, but because they hit the mark so well in many other ways, I rate them a 5 star without hesitation.
4	I wish I had written this review sooner. I was told this was the place to go by my friend and local meat eating specialist. I'm really, really glad we went. There is something about Arizona barbeque. Its delicious, its tender, its different. This place is the best example of it that I have had the pleasure to consume. I love the atmosphere. Its old town southwestern and roomy.
5	I've been coming to Joe's BBQ for pretty much as long as I can remember and have never been disappointed. This is one of those things I just CRAVE. Actually, this, Joe's Farm Grill and Liberty Market are all crave-able. That Joe is doing something right, for sure.My favorite item here is the stuffed baker. A GIANT (yes, HUGE, ENORMOUS, MASSIVE) potato is baked to perfection and then smothered in butter, sour cream, cheese and chives. Then, you choose which magnificent meat you'd like piled on top. I usually go for the pulled, but I switch it up with the chopped brisket now and then. Drench in their famous BBQ sauce and smile. This is always enough for two meals.Everything else is awesome too. Ribs are perfect. Chicken breast is so moist and flavorful. I love all of the sides. Everything just tastes homemade and perfect. I'd have to say the cheesy potatoes are my favorite. And don't forget to try the homemade root beer. You can't go wrong here!
5	I now live in Georgia and have been looking for a substitute for Joe's Real BBQ.  I have yet to find one.This place is just the best.  To begin with, their bbq sauce is unmatched.  They have two sauces, mild and spicy.  I have never had a spicy sauce as good as Joe's.  I crave that sauce and sadly, cannot find anything similar here in Georgia.The menu at Joe's is extensive and everything is delicious.  My personal favorites are the beef brisket and pit ham.  My wife loves the pulled pork sandwich.  Joe's also offers a variety of sides, with the best mac 'n cheese in the country.  For years, we have tried other restaurants' mac 'n cheese and nothing has come close.Be prepared to wait in line a while to get your food if you arrive around 5 or 6 pm, but the food is well worth the wait.Joe's BBQ has become my standard for a 5-star rating for a bbq restaurant.
5	I've been to Joe's dozens of times and it is one of my family's favs. I didn't think very highly of it the first time I ate here, but now that I have found my favorite parts of their menu, I just keep coming back again and again.I LOVE the homemade rootbeer! I typically don't drink soda. I despise all of the bland fountain drinks served as profit stuffers at most restaurants, but the rootbeer here is so so DELICIOUS!!!I LOVE LOVE LOVE the lemon cake. We always like to get a fresh center peice. It is so lemony! You can't buy a cake like this in the store. This lemon cake is the real deal. Got to eat it slowly and savor it!I LOVE the beef brisket jumbo sandwich. I lather it with yummy barbeque sauce. Mmmmmm... so good...I also love the stuffed baker with beef brisket. I load it up with everything and add onions and barbeque sauce. It feeds my wife and I easily. Only downside is that I'm usually rolling out of there, ready to split a gut after stuffing my face and slurping too much rootbeer! HA HA! Of course I'll be back!
1	Recently ate at Joe's for the second time and was disappointed. I love Liberty Market and Joe's Farm Grill, but Joe Real BBQ has a lot to learn from its sibling restaurants.The food we had was pulled pork, cheesy potatoes, corn. All 3 were in order were dry, dry and soupy/flavorless.I love some good barbeque, I hope this was an off night for the real cooks that I had the first time.
5	So this time we ordered in bulk for a backyard wedding rehearsal dinner.  we had ordered the brisket and pulled pork and cole slaw by the pound.  Unfortunately, while we were at the rehearsal, the dog tried ALL of the brisket (and amazingly left the rest untouched) so I can't tell you how it was.  But the rest was great as always!
5	I've eaten here twice and I can honestly say I will go back again. The first time I fell in love, the role was amazing and just the way BBQ should be. The second the ribs were a little over cooked and just not as tasteful. I would still go back just because they are better than any other BBQ spots I've been to and overall, it's a fun environment, great for children, and usually some damn good BBQ!
5	This is one of our favorite places to go for Bar-B-Que.  We usually take all our out of town friends there...and I don't remember anyone being disappointed.  We always enjoy it...the take out window is great...fast...for those nights we just want to eat at home.
5	Delicious!  Joe's is the best BBQ that I tried in AZ.  I loved all their selections because they have something for everyone, from ribs to giant baked potatoes.There is really not much I can say that the other reviewers have't said though so I'll just leave it with a 2 thumbs up! Oh, and I love the old tractor that's inside. haha  It's a classic... a 1948 A Series tractor.  Tad, the owner told me so! :)See ya there!
3	Pretty darn good. I had the 2 item Meat Platter with ribs and brisket, cheesy potatoes, Mac & cheese, cornbread and, of course, the homemade root beer.  Over all a good time. A kind of high school cafeteria atmosphere, buffet style service was ok. Could of maybe used a little more spice on everything. Overall a good experience. Probably won't go back though. It's too far from home. Rock!
5	Best BBQ in the area hands down!! Fresh meat prepared daily so get there early! Mac and cheese...... Redonkulous!! Only downside is no alcoholic beverages:(  Despite that and no tv's, theres a huge outdoor seating area that looks like your grandmas backyard (minus the swing set) that makes for a real comfortable dining experience. 5 stars all day!!
3	Love the atmosphere, food was okay for a smoked bbq joint.  Brisket decent, ribs and pulled pork were a bit dry and chicken was good... The mac and cheese was delicious!
2	I consider  myself pretty darned spoiled, as I moved here from Pittsburgh where there were some darned good rib houses (nothing fancy, no chains, just darned good ribs).I had high hopes for Joe's. I had heard from coworkers that it was the best around.I was disappointed. It wasn't terrible, it just wasn't what I expect in a BBQ.Between DS's sampler and our dinners, we were able to sample quite a few things - ribs, chopped brisket, links, pulled pork.  We got a variety of sides - potato salad, mac n cheese, corn, cheesy potatoes, slaw.  So we had lots to review.1.  Dry meatYeow. Rule 1 of BBQ.  Smoke does not mean dry.  Good smoked meat should still be edible without a drowning of sauce (love a good rub).  The  meat was fairly dry except for the meat that was drowning in sauce.  without the sauce, the ribs and the brisket would have been fairly dry and not worth eating.  And, I agree with the review you will gnaw off every bit of meat off the bones because, frankly, you will still be hungry!!2.  Skinny ribsSeriously - ribs CAN have meat on them - they don't call those little animals pigs for nothing - and these were not meaty at all.  They kind of reminded you of the ribs you get at chains with nothing on them.3.  Mac n cheese goodMac and cheese was okay. Not great.  It was decent.  I like mine more southern-style with some eggs to make it more souffle-y and less Kraft-style but it was decent.4.  Potato saladLet's just leave it at lots of onion and skip it. Not worth it. Whether you like southern style with eggs and celery and relish or you are more of a mustard/mayo with eggs, this one will not satisfy you.5.  CornOk. This was the worst part of dinner. I love veggies. I am weird that way. So I got the corn. And it was drenched in LIQUID GOLD - you know the fake butter that they fry eggs in at chain restaurants and spread on toast?  It has to be that - butter is not thick on veggies. Butter is not a sauce. Whatever they put on it, it is not just butter and it was disappointing.When we were done, 3 dinners with sodas and an extra 3 ribs were $50.  I expect higher quality for that price.  I love a good bbq.  I don't think it was an off-day for them - the place was packed.  Which could mean only one thing - maybe I need to leave my day job and open a rib joint and show Phoenix how ribs are REALLY done ;)
5	OMG, where is the 6th star for Joe's Real BBQ? :DWhat can I say about Joe's? Found this place via Yelp when planning my trip to Gilbert and was expecting some good bbq as rated by fellow yelpers.  Needless to say, it did not disappoint!I had the sampler plate: Ribs, chicken, pulled porks, brisket, + 2 sides (mac & cheese and coleslaw)  for $12.99!! and  fresh lemonade all for another $2.  The bbq sauce was delicious, and I especially liked the pulled pork (considering I'm not a big fan of pulled pork, this says a lot).  The ribs could be cooked a little longer, as I like my ribs to fall off the bones. But it was still delicious nonetheless.For the quality and price, you can't beat this!  + $0.25 for coffee! Can it get any better?
3	This clearly is an extremely popular place. The line is long. The takeout window is a great deal faster, if it matters to you. As is often the case, whether this is "real" barbecue is going to depend on where in the U.S. you are from. If you are from a region where "barbecue" is synonymous with pork, this is not your place. We had the Barbecue Sampler -- ribs, chicken, and what was called pulled pork on the menu but appeared to be coarsely chopped. The pork was fine, but not what you would get in the South. The ribs, however, were really good -- not doused in sauce, tender, smoky (although I'm no rib expert; if you are, take the recommendation with a grain of salt). The chicken was pretty darn good -- moist, falling-off-the-bone tender, smoky and nicely seasoned. The provided barbecue sauce was just OK -- better than store-bought Heinz, but not much different. Our sides were mac and cheese -- good, but it could use stronger cheese -- and cole slaw, which was OK, not great, though it seems everyone has different standards for cole slaw.
5	This is one of my favorite local businesses. All day, everyday, the BBQ Sampler with 2 sides. I've never ordered anything else. The meat falls off the bone. The chicken is juicy. The brisket is tender. So they get the mandatory basics down, bomb a** BBQ! But whoa whoa there, don't stop at the meat. They have tasty sides that perfectly compliment the BBQ. Again all day, everyday the Mac & Cheese. Always pick that. From there you can go wild with the different options but get the Mac & Cheese, unless you hate America and good food, then get 2 sides of beans or something. They also have a baked potato that I've had about 2 times, it's bigger than a Chipotle burrito, with more butter than I care eat, and covered in sea salt on the skin, but it leaves me scraping the foil at the end with nothing left in sight. 2 more things to discuss, the BBQ sauce and root beer float. BBQ Sauce is awesome. I even picked up a bottle to keep at home when I make my own pulled pork sandwiches. The "I Dare You" sauce it what always gets smothered on my BBQ and satisfies my native Arizona craving for spiciness. If you have room (you won't if you eat that whole sampler), skip the line, go straight to the guy/gal behind the register and order yourself the root beer float. Perfect way to top off an amazing meal. Pro tip: They have take out boxes by the BBQ sauce, grab one, eat 1/2 your sampler and you'll get to enjoy a 2nd serving of Joe's at home and you won't have to waddle back to your car from eating so much. The last note: I also love this place because a year ago I took an amazing photo of the restaurant after a storm with a big rainbow in the background and tweeted it to them. So my surprise I found that photo in rotation on the TV when your waiting in line and they gave me credit  (desertDJproductions.com) and it's still there today.
4	I have only found two BBQ places in the Phoenix area that I consider "go back" places. They are Joe's BBQ and another large chain I won't mention here. Joe's definitely has the country, homey atmosphere and is always good. You get kind of a warm, fuzzy feeling eating there, especially with the farm tractor inside the restaurant. The BBQ beans are something special. Try the home made root beer.
5	This place is legit bbq. I was here couple of months ago and found my receipt for this place and felt i had to write a review. I ordered the bbq sampler, cornbread and soda for less then $18. It was so much food, i couldn't finish everything.Next time i'm in AZ, i will definitely be back!P.S. The place is set up like a high school cafeteria. You wait in line, grab a tray, your utensils, fill your drink, order your food and pay at the end of the line. Kind of unique. But the wait is really long during dinner time. Waited 45 mins, but well worth it.
5	I ate here more than a year ago, and I still remember it. This place served me the best Pulled Pork Sandwich I've had in my life. I will go back with friends as soon as we get the chance!
4	Be ready for very casual, cafeteria style dining.  No need to dress to impress, although I have seen multiple groups of people in evening attire at this restaurant.  I think they must go for the great food regardless of being over dressed.Favorites: Beef brisket sliced, sweet cut corn, mac n cheese, and spicy BBQ sauce.A delicious MUST TRY restaurant!  The pricing is a little steep, but we're all willing to pay.
3	I know, I know.  It's an abomination to give this place only three Stars.  Well, I ordered the Meat Plate with pork ribs & beef brisket, Cheesy Potatoes for my side, & a root beer.  They also give you a couple of slices of white bread to go with it.  The service was friendly, everything was delicious, & the meat was tender, but I thought the portions should have been larger at almost $13 total.  (I could have eaten another order, which would have run it up to around $23!)  For me, I suspect that this will be a one-visit restaurant.
3	I had lunch here with Robyn N. ,Arlin B. and Rand H. Well the food was ok but not as good as some of the other B.B.Q. places I have tried. I liked Bobby Q and Andrews better and they are a lot closer to where I live. The staff were friendly and service was quick . This place seems to have quite a lot of fans but to me it is only A-OK .
4	Solid, solid BBQ...Joe's is a fun place to go for lunch as well as bring out-of-towners to.  Each time family comes to town they ask to go to Joe's.  I like local places owned by local folks, and enjoy all of Joe's restaurants.  I usually get the jumbo sandwich and leave stuffed.  The lemon cake is out of this world.  I've never has a side dish that I didn't like, but usually I get the beans and/or mac n' cheese.Be sure to try the home made root beer or lemonade.My only knock on th eplace is the drink machine is located right in the middle of the service line so it's hard to get a refill on your drink when it's busy.
5	I'll eat Joe's any day of the week. Great food selection, and everything tastes super fresh. Must see if you ever come to Arizona.
5	Oh my god the food is good here!  Do not miss it if you're in the area - or if you're nearby, make the trip.We had the sampler so that was in the 10-20$ range, but a lot of people (locals?) seemed to be having sandwiches (under 10$).   I brought half of mine home and enjoyed it as long as I could.  I used the chicken in sandwiches and it was amazing.  My mouth is watering . . . Do not miss the mac & cheese as a side, I've been craving it ever since.  The potato salad was good too.  I loved the homemade root beer but my friend took a pass because it was diet.  They have Boylan's too.It's cafeteria style, so very casual.  We were served quickly and the staff were nice.  There are big long tables and booths so it's good for large and small groups and they had a nice outdoor area.  The decor is lots of antique country/farm.  Fun.
5	Great place to take the kids to play and have some bbq. Nice outdoor area and good solid bbq.
5	Okay, so my first job at age 15 was washing dishes at Fiorello's BBQ in a Kansas City and have lived in Memphis and Chicago too.  I'm guessing that changed my genetics and the red in my veins is actually sauce.  So imagine my supreme joy upon finding Joe's Real BBQ.  You will love this quirky little place.  The sides are excellent, especially the beans, which are not to be missed.  The main items have all been excellent, but a favorite lunch is just their huge baked potato with meat on top.   See, you don't always have to get pulled pork or ribs to satisfy that addiction!  Although maybe you do need the beans every time.  Well, either way you will love the food, the ambiance and the new friends you will meet here.  So get going - now!
5	Probably my favorite place ever to eat. Everything I have had off the menu here is just top notch. My favorite is the two meat plate with pulled pork and hot links. They have classic baked Mac n cheese with the crust on top, and their baked beans are just like my grandma used to make. They even brew their own root beer and cream soda, which is fantastic! While it's a cafeteria style dining room, it also has a lot of charm, bringing to mind a 1950s farmhouse. Nice outdoor area with lots of big trees for shade too.
4	If you're seeking out authentic BBQ, look no further. I sought Joe's out after reading about it in Mike Mills' book, Peace, Love and BBQ, and I was not disappointed. The ribs were delicious, and the sliced brisket was among the most tender I've ever had. Joe's uses pecan wood, which is unusual -- I'm more accustomed to hickory (not that I could detect a big difference). If I had to quibble, I'd say that I prefer my meat naked -- i.e., without sauce. The ribs had just a dash, which wasn't a big deal, but some of the sandwiches had considerably more. And if you're looking at dessert, beware of the pecan brownies -- they're heavy on the molasses!
2	This was tough to write. We were big fans of Joe's, but recently returning to the valley and looking forward to it, would have to bow out next time. We got pulled pork meat plate and pork with salad. How do I put this...the pork tasted like moth balls. I know, ew. Couldn't believe it. We tried smothering it with bbq sauce and just couldn't take it. It used to be SO good - what happened?! I understand the older crowd, we got there early around 4:30pm, but it used to be a friendly atmosphere. Not sure what happened this time, but didn't feel the love in the food or the people. Wouldn't go back.Now Joe's bistro out there in Agritopia? - MUCH better! Plus, their onion rings rock! ;-)
5	THE BEST BBQ. I love this place and can't believe it only has 4 stars. I eat here every time I home. Best baked beans ever. And I love the ribs and pulled pork sandwich.
5	Food is awesome. Cookies are awesome. Brownies are disappointing.
3	Solid barbeque, but I dislike having to get up for refills quite often because of their small coffee cups. I do like the cafeteria style service, but wish they would put a menu along the side of the wall because the lines are long and I feel that would expedite things. Thoroughly enjoy their root beer and corn bread.  They have an outdoor seating area, but can't really comment on that as I've never sat outside.  Also, there is a side window for carry out, so you never have to battle the crowds inside.
5	This is the best BBQ i have ever eaten.I lived in Arizona for 10 years and was there when this place opened its doors in 1998.  It is a cafeteria type of set up, but is well worth the wait.  I just got back from a trip to Phoenix and I had to have this place twice!All the food is freshly prepared.  The beef brisket is to die for.  In fact, so are the ribs, turkey, pork and chicken.  The secret is their smoker.  The have a huge wood burning smoker that they burn pecan wood in.  The pecan flavoring is second to none!.The sides are all freshly prepared too.  They have potato salad, mac -n- cheese, pit beans, sweet corn, etc., etc.  The best side is their cheesy potatoes.  They are really cheesy with a little kick.  YUMMY!!My wife always gets their jumbo  baked potato with meat.  Where do they get these spuds?  They're humongous!They have fountain drinks (Coke products) and they make their own root beer.  If that doesn't tickle your fancy they have bottled Stewart's soda and bottled water.The staff is generally friendly and the surroundings are clean.  The place is decorated in a nostalgic theme depicting a time when Gilbert was all farm land as far as the eye could see.  There is an old refurbished farm tractor in the middle of the restaurant.  Gives the place a "hometown" ambiance.  On a Spring or Summer night you have to sit outside.  It is decorated as if it was a family cookout complete with Christmas type bulbs atop the acre of lawn.  It's really cozy.The drawback to this place is that it is popular and therefore very busy.  Especially on a Friday or Saturday night.  Expect to wait a bit, but it is well worth it!My wife and I moved back to the Bay Area in 2004 and lament losing our favorite BBQ joint, but it makes our yearly visit to her Mom's place all the more sweeter because at least two or three times I'm going to Joe's REAL BBQ!
3	I wanted to love this place as much as I love Joe's Farm Grill but regrettably I don't. It has a very pleasant "cookout" atmosphere and the staff are wonderful but the bottom-line for me is that the cue is not that good.  It's dry and lacks any hint of smoke.  And the sides I've tried. -- slaw, mac n cheese and baked beans -- were just ok too. I did like the house made lemonade however. Try Joe's Real if you're in the area but IMHO it is not worth a long trip.
4	I'd say 3.5 stars, but since I can't rate half stars, I'd rather say 4 star than 3 star.  Let's cut right to it.  The ribs are fantastic.  They shine above all the other things we tried.Went and had dinner one Saturday night.  There was quite a line, but it seemed to move pretty fast.  It's cafeteria style - you stand in line, order at the front, they hand you a cafeteria platter and you move down the line, selecting more things if you want.  Check out at the cashier, then find a seat wherever you can.  Despite a very large crowd, there was ample seating.The ribs are the stars here.  A little smoky, nice and tender, good BBQ sauce.  Great flavor overall.  The brisket was decent, as was the pulled pork.  The BBQ chicken was surprisingly good (if I'm eating BBQ, I *rarely* get chicken because it pales in comparison to the pig usually).  Sides don't look like much, but they are plenty.  Mac N Cheese was good, as was the cheesy potatoes.  They have a giant baked potato that we didn't try, but it looks both enormous and delicious.Cornbread is served warm with this delicious honey-butter.  Don't miss this.Desserts were lackluster.  We grabbed the pecan brownie and a slice of lemon cake - both were very OK.  Next time I'd just end on the cornbread (or possibly try the sweet potato pie which looked pretty good too).  An interesting place to try.  Not my favorite BBQ in Phoenix, but it's up there.
3	I would have given this a higher rating except for the prices.  Ok - in this economy, I am lucky to be able to eat out at all.  However, $11 for their smallest sandwich and two small sides and a drink ($1.99 each!!) is a little pricey especially if you have a family to feed.  They should consider making it a buffet since they charge buffet prices or giving you a little more for you money.But, yes, the food is good.
5	Joe knows BBQ.
5	This is the best BBQ around in Arizona! I'm from Texas and tried a lot of places and was very disappointed UNTIL I came here!! It felt like I was at home again veryyyy delicious BBQ.i had the BBQ chicken and ribs with potato salad & cheesy potatoes.Very good prices and nice friendly staff!
5	Tried this place on my weekend trip to the area.  This place has the wow factor.  We pulled up Saturday night not knowing what to expect after seeing a line out the door and wrapped around the corner from the front entrance.  Got in line and saw the line reached some twenty yards to the service counter.  My nerves were settled as we got close enough to see cafeteria style serving vs. table serving was the call of the night.  Altogether the wait from start to finish couldn't have been more than twenty minutes and well worth it!       I had the half slab of ribs (6) with mac and cheese, BBQ pit beans, potato salad, and root beer float.  The ribs were cooked just right and the combination of self serve sauce was excellent.  Don't be afraid of the spicy sauce as the label is scarier than the actual kick of the sauce.  Beans were awesome and included meat in the beans to extract full flavor.  The mac and cheese as well as the potato salad did not disappoint as they were tasty.  My party of 8 who had tried this place for the first time were all pleased with not only the food but the prices.  This is the best BBQ for the price I've ever had.        The people of Gilbert and surrounding area are very fortunate to have an eating establishment like this.  I live in Sacramento, California and I will be back for more when I come to Arizona.  Finally something to rant and rave about in this area for dining!
4	Nice place, my boyfriend raved about it so he decided to take me here. I love good backed potatoes and he said this place had huge potatoes and great food. I should be fair all I ate was the potatoe and some corn bread; but i can't help but feel I was ripped off. We both got potatoes, cornbread and two drinks and paid $30. I can't believe that. $30 for potatoes? Granted it came with meat on top but hell i could've done that. Now taking that into account I have not tried the BBQ as of yet. Looking around though I saw some of the others food and it looked amazing. The place overall has a nice homey and friendly atmosphere. When you walk in the place smells delicious and the place was so busy. I will be back if only to try those ribs I saw someone else order they looked great. The cornbread and honey butter as well are my favorite. I would like to take just a pan of that stuff. Overall I feel it was pricy for what I got but the food was still good. The place seems jumpin in the sense of customers coming and the food from specualtion alone looks worthy of a 4 star rating. Just wish it were a little cheaper but you pay for quality right. I'll be back soon.
5	My sister was leaving back to Texas and I decided to find a BBQ place that may have a similar taste and feel. I found this place through a Mesa newspaper ad.Anywho, as we pulled in I was like I hope this place is good. We parked in the back and walked along the side where you can order your food to go. As we waited we decided to head inside and as we walked through the dining area to the line, I was already eyeballing other peoples plates. I could see the ribs and at that point I couldn't decided on a plate, but went ahead with the plate that had everything.I ordered Ribs, Pork, and chicken and as I was ordering I seen some sausage come out of their bbq oven. So I didn't even hesitate because every since I've moved here from Texas, I have yet to find a place to have the yummy peppery tasting sausage we have back home. I asked for a piece of it for tasting and was granted a taste. Needless, to say I ordered a quarter lb with everything else I ordered.The chicken was without a doubt great smoked bbq chicken I have always wanted. Great flavor with not an overbearing smoke flavor. Also the ribs were tender and packed with flavor and smoke taste. The smoked pork was smoke tasty but a little on the sweeter side, but that was nothing the Habenero BBQ couldn't accommodate. Which is offered on the side. Oh and the bread tasted like some homemade goodness bread. As if it was fresh out of the oven with a little garlic butter. Superb! The Mac and cheese was super duper great.In Texas, we have bbq joints in every corner. I have tried it all and I will have to say this is one place I would have on my top list if we had it there.BIG bbq sauce thumbs up for this joint!!
4	Anyone who knows bbq, knows Joe's.  You can't miss it.  It's the original neon sign in downtown gilbert, with the arrow, and tempting reminder to "Eat at Joe's."  They have these amazingly huge baked potatoes...big enough that I wonder what they feed those suckers to make then a pound or more each.  I easily get two or three meals out of each one, and nothing beats a left over potato from Joe's, trust me.  Get it with meat on top.  The turkey breast is always spot on, and the turkey jalepeno sausage is awesome.  Once you get your tater, make sure to load up on the extras, like bbq sauce, (regular or spicy), marinated onions, and mild & spicy peppers.  You'll want to make sure you get extra for your leftovers.  No normal person can finish that potato, especially with meat on top.  I know everyone talks about the ribs, but trust me, the tater is where it's at.    I do have to dock a star for a cheese issue.  For whatever reason, they've gotten super stingy with the cheese lately.  If you're going to give me a loaded baked potato the size of my head, atleast put more than 2 shreds of cheese on it.
5	This place is the bomb and if you don't like it, you don't know what good BBQ is. The ribs are fantastic, the pork is all smokey and juicy, the hot link rocks and the homemade sides are just like mom used to make, only better. My only beef with Joe's is they need to add another drink machine. Hate having to get back in line to get my drink on. Try the hot sauce, it's killer.
5	Every time my husband and I go to Arizona this is THE place we have to go eat.  Joe's is always hopping so it is best to go before or after the major lunch and dinner hours.  We have had both the pulled pork and brisket and they are full of wonderful smoke flavor, juicy and tender.  The sauce is the perfect mix of sweet and tangy.  There is also a extra hot version which is also delicious.    We always buy a couple of bottles to take home.  The sides we have tried are the baked beans which are fabulous.  Great smokey flavor, burnt ends mixed in.  The mac and cheese.  Also a favorite with plenty of cheese and lots of flavor. The side salad is average and so is the potato salad.  The homemade root beer is the best and a must order every time.  If you do happen to go during one of their busy times.  It is worth the wait and the line moves quickly.
5	Being from Michigan and Arizona, I know my BBQ....what of really? Ok fine...I have never had good bbq....BUTJoes does it right...quick, tasty and priced right. The pulled pork sandwich appeared to be lacking meat on the over sized bun but once into it it felt just fine!The sauce was good and had a great flavor. The side of beans were killer with hunks of meat and veggies...YUMMYThe mac and cheese was the surprise standout for me. Usually it is just good but this was great. Nice crust on top and nice blend of cheeses. Go early for lunch and you can zip right through the lines.
1	The BBQ sauce is ketchup-based and sickly sweet. The potato salad tastes like it has Thousand Island dressing in it instead of mayo or mustard. I exchanged the potato salad for "BBQ pit beans" it was so bad. The beans taste like pork & beans from a can with a few kidney and Lima beans thrown in for color. Who serves Lima beans with BBQ? Yuck. If you're from Texas or Kansas City, don't waste your time or money. If I could give zero stars, I would.
3	BBQ in Gilbert, AZ....hmmmm. I was skeptical at first, but this place was good.  There was a line to the door, so that was a good sign.  I decided to play it safe and get a chopped brisket sandwich and side.  It was tasty, and a I got a good portion size for the price.  The decor is done well, and they have lots of outdoor seating which we enjoyed because the weather was nice. I can see coming here with a large group and having fun at an outside table.  My side was the cheesy potatoes, and I think it was a little dry.  Overall, it's good BBQ.  I can't really give it four or five stars because we have many places in Texas that are better, but Joe's will give you a good meal at a good price.
3	I want to start by saying that nothing was wrong about my experience at joes. I was in town visiting and saw the reviews and thought I would give it a shot. I ordered the jumbo sandwich with brisket and pulled pork with BBQ beans without a drink. It was tasty and I enjoyed my time there but all in all I thought the price was a bit high for what it was. I think everyone should give it a chance but for me it wasn't anything to rave about as I typically would when I find a great hole in the wall.
5	A couple times a week, I go to a gym right next to Joe's Real BBQ, and I'm so thankful I'm a vegetarian because the smell coming from their smoker would undo my entire workout otherwise.So am I qualified to review Joe's even though I abstain from meat? Absolutely. I ate many meaty meals at Joe's in my teens and 20s. I actually worked there when I was a senior in high school, and I managed to gain the freshman 15 before starting college.Back in the day, my favorite was the turkey breast. I dare you to find a more moist piece of white meat. Runner-up was the pulled pork, mostly because I loved to smother it in pickles and marinated onions. I'm not gonna lie; my mouth is watering just thinking about the condiments. My best friend, a North Carolina native, loves their pulled pork because they toss it in a vinegar-based sauce in true NC style. My husband and his friends all go gaga over the ribs, and brisket seems to be a crowd pleaser.Nowadays, I stick with the side dishes. I love the cheesy potatoes (add scallions and douse in green tabasco) and mac and cheese. The apple sauce, potato salad, and cole slaw are all items I'm not normally a fan of, but at Joe's they are way above average and very delicious.The restaurant has a great atmosphere. It's a great place to take kids, large groups, and out of towners. It is spotlessly clean too. A pharmacy school classmate used to do restaurant inspections, and she said Joe's was always immaculate. Service is wonderful too. It says a lot about a restaurant when employees have stayed 10+ years.On another note, I would encourage anyone who needs a caterer to consider Joe's Real BBQ. Everyone will love it, and their rates are very affordable. I used them for my wedding and a housewarming party. Just last week, they catered my sister's wedding, and they really went above and beyond for her to make sure her day went smoothly. Keeping her happy was no small feat!
2	Wanted to love it, but don't.  Don't understand the hype.  Didn't even finish my ribs.  The definition of "meh" for me.
5	i love this place!i always order the bbq sampler plate for $12.  i believe 2 ribs, chicken, pork, beef and a side dish come with the order.  it's great when compared to most bbq restaurants.  i like the meat and seasoning.  no complaints.the parking and lines are usually a joke.  it seems like whenever i go to joe's there is a line to order.give it a shot.  if you like it great.  if you don't then you can go to hell.  jk.
5	I love barbecue and I have found my home at Joe's Barbecue.  The line is fast as food is served at a quick pace, they have this down to an art.  Homemade root beer and lemonade are a favorite and a nice break from the sodas!  The prices are affordable for anyone on a budget and the portions are well rounded.  My favorite buy is the sampler platter and for desert it is the lemon cake.  If the cake was any more moist it would be called pudding!  Not only is there indoor eating but outside as well and a grassy area for kids to run around.  This place is all about family and the atmosphere is perfect.   If you have not been here yet do not waste another day and get down there, you will not regret it.  There is also a "To Go" window on the side of the restaurant for those who can not make it in for a sit down meal.
4	With so many great reviews, you know you've chosen well if you planned on dining here.  My family and I have been frequenting Joe's for several years now and, for my money, you can't get better quality, 'made-with-love' BBQ than Joe's Real BBQ.  Their food has always been fresh, flavorful, plentiful, and priced affordably.  Their staff are the same: super friendly, genuine, prompt, and I've never had a bad experience with staff (in fact Management has always been flexible and helpful.. say when we had a birthday cake we asked them to store for us... stopping by to say hi to customers).  This place is cafeteria style, so you get your food, pay, sit down and enjoy.. that simple.  Some of my favorite things to get:- Brisket, Pulled Pork - you can't go wrong with this flavorful, moist meat that is slow-cooked over pecan-wood... I can literally eat 3/4lbs of it!- SWEET POTATOES!  I *love* the cinnamon/sugar butter they serve with the giant, loaf-sized sweet potato (only offered during the sweet potato season).. I will usually order the sweet potato and this alone. They are giant and cooked perfectly and very enjoyable and filling!- Sides of: Cowboy Beans (YUM!), Mac n Cheese (YUMMIER!).. I don't really venture outside of those 2 sides because once you know 'good', you stick with 'good'.I have yet to try their root beer and their desserts, but I can imagine they are both very tasty given than everything else has been enjoyable.OK, the *only* con: The line can get pretty long during 'popular hours', but good thing it runs fairly quick; Their salad sans meat is more white/yellow than green romaine and it's just a little on the boring side.  But to be completely honest, you should not be going here for a salad, you should go for the BBQ.  With that, it still ranks high on my list of places I enjoy eating at.
3	We had just pulled into Gilbert and found the good write ups on Joe's Real BBQ.  This is a self-service restaurant with authentic farm equipment.  It's a really good meal for the price.  I did the small meat plate with one side -- ribs made perfectly and cole slaw.  A flash from the past was the nickel Bazooka chewing gum at the cash register.  It was a penny in the 50's, but that's another story.  Parking is easy, large tables and booths,  outside picnic tables and I almost forgot the pickle bar.  This place is worth trying for good customer service, food, and no reason at all to go to a fast food place ever.
4	The beans were amazing.  Fast service and good food.  Go!
3	Good BBQ but don't be fooled into thinking their ribs are as good as Joe's Farm Grill due to common ownership...they're not even close.  Joe's Real BBQ only serves St. Louis ribs where Joe's Farm Grill serves up fabulous baby back ribs.  There's a HUGE difference.  Go to Joe's Farm Grill for ribs.  Go to Joe's Real BBQ for other 'que fare.  Also tried the interesting sounding Root Beer cake but found it anything but interesting and definitely not Root Beer tasting...so save your money on that item.
2	The location and atmosphere are fun but the food is just mediocre to me. I'm not sure what all the buzz is about and why there is a line out the door almost constantly. Maybe I'm just ordering the wrong things but the food really doesn't seem to be something extra special that I couldn't make at home.
5	I've lived in every big BBQ place, from Memphis to KC to Texas. Joe's Real BBQ is the best in the valley. The more I eat here the more addicted I become. The rib meat falls off the bone. Their brisket is tender and juicy. Pulled pork is delicious, and the chicken is good. The sides are awesome, my daughter and I crave their mac & cheese!  One day I hope to try their desserts, but I'm always too full to even look at them.Atmosphere here is good.  Very comfortable and friendly place.
3	THE WAITThe first time I tried to eat at Joe's Real BBQ there was a line out the door that ended at the stoplight down the sidewalk (there was some sort of LDS convention). So I decided to try it another day since I didn't want to stand in line for 30 minutes. It took about 10-15 minutes in line when I tried this place for lunch on Saturday. So bring a book if you want to eat at Joe's.THE FOODI had the sliced brisket with beans and coleslaw. This is known as the 1/2 pound meat plate that includes two sides. My wife had the chicken. They just dribble a little bit a BBQ sauce onto your meat so you have to make a separate trip to their BBQ Sauce station to get more sauce. I thought the brisket tasted ok, I have had better. The BBQ sauce wasn't anything spectacular. And the beans were just ok for me, kind of like a three bean salad cooked in a sauce. The coleslaw definitely failed. THE BEVERAGEI had the run of the mill refillable soda from the machine. The problem with the refill is that you have to excuse yourself through a line of people to get to the machine. There were actually people waiting in the food line to refill their drinks. That's why I'm glad I sent my wife out on that refill mission. I can imagine the pissed off people that were thinking that you're cutting in line. So the logistics with the soda machine is a complete fail.CROWD CONTROLI would hate to be eating in a booth next to the line. Kind of awkward to get out of the booth to get more bbq sauce or a refill and then you have people steering (get it, steer instead of stare) at you as if you were in a fishbowl. Something needs to be done with the table configuration.CONCLUSIONIn my opinion the brisket is probably the best that I have tasted in Arizona (How I miss Smoque) but the lack of ambiance kills it for me. I would suggest you just order take out and not dine in.
3	We ate here with some friends a couple of weeks ago.  The food was ok.  I think what we enjoyed most is the outside seating.  It is set up like someone's back yard with middle school lunch tables on the grass and white picket fences.  We went in the evening and they have old fashioned Christmas lights hanging from trees that give it a nice ambiance.  In the summer I can see how it would be nice to sit outside.  They have homemade root beer which I thought was novel.  The menu is very basic as is with most BBQ places and the BBQ sauce was just ok.  I'd go back because it seems fun for a date.
5	AMAZING. I've had a lot of bbq from Alabama, to Georgia, to California and in between, and this place is right up there with the best of them. I had the full slab of ribs one day with baked beans, and then I had the 1/2 pound sandwich (half chicken and half pulled pork). Blown away :)
4	Back to Joe's.... been several years as we are Westside dewelers and on Mother's Day we had Mom & Dad with us and suggested Joe's after the hot experience out at Schenpf''s farm.  Glad we went, Joe's really is quite tasty, is it the best? - Probably not but that is all relative!  For the SE Valley, it's our go to spot for BBQ.  We had the ribs, pulled pork, the Jumbo tater with Pork, coleslaw, mac & Chz, lemon cake, sweet patato pie.  All were really quite tasty.  The "HOT" sauce isn't THAT hot... but good lil kick.  One time we will be there when it's not as hot out and get to try that nice large outdoor seating!  - I gotta say the Lemon Cake kicks ass!
5	First of all, my 5* rating is because of the food, not the atmosphere.  The food is delicious!  I love Joe's bbq sauce, it is perfect, sooo much better than many other places.  All of the side items are yummy and fit in to the comfort-food category.  I still have not tried any of the desserts, but they all look delicious....cakes, brownies, and huge old-fashioned root beer floats. The employees are all very nice.  As far as the actual restaurant itself, it is very help-yourself, no-frills set-up.  If the place is busy, which it usually is because the food is so good :) , you have to stand in a long line.  Eventually, you reach the cafeteria style area, where you grab a tray, utensils, napkins, etc.  I would not want to be eating at any of the tables or booths by the line with people standing there, watching me chow down.  Once your order is taken at the next counter, you wait for your food, pay for it, and then find a place to sit.  There is a big outdoor seating area which is nice if you have kids. I just wish they served a nice cold beer here, but they do not.  Guess that would ruin the family type atmosphere.  Fortunately, Postino's and Oregano's is right across the street if you decide you do want to have a before or after dinner drink. You can also order-to-go outside the building, this is definitely a plus.
3	I went to the take out window, had great service that was fast. The meal I chose was the BBQ sampler plate that had brisket, pulled pork, chicken and two ribs. The pork, beef and ribs were very good they had just the right amount of smoke to them and were tender and juicy. The chicken on the other hand was dry and lacked flavor. I was hoping that I would fall in love with the sauce but I was disappointed with that as well. The sauce seemed to be generic was not unique in any way, it was OK but it just didn't knock my socks off. The two sides that I got were the BBQ beans and the coleslaw. the BBQ beans were very good sweet smokey and had big hunks of meat in it. As for the coleslaw it was not as good; it also lacked flavor of any kind. In all I think its worth a try and I will return but perhaps next time I will choose something different.
3	The odor wafting from the restaurant coupled with line that literally wraps around the building would lead one to believe they were in for a real treat. They would be wrong. I've tried Joe's twice and simply don't see what all the fuss is about. The barbecue is good, but nothing to write home to mom about. The sides are disappointing, loaded with fat and lack much in the way of taste. Their standard barbecue sauce has no kick, although I did discover that they have a pot of habanero sauce on the condiments table during my last visit. In addition, this is cafeteria style dining. That line I mention, really does spill out into the street on Friday and Saturday nights and then snacks right through the middle of the restaurant. It is certainly an interesting dining experience.On the plus side, the owner is great - very much dedicated to our town and is certainly hitting the sweet spot of many a Gilbertonian. I'll give it one more try.
4	Contrary to other reviews, the wait just seems long because of the cafeteria style ordering. It goes by pretty quickly and we took the time to look through the extensive menu. The sides all looked very appetizing and it was tough choosing which ones to try. Luckily, the portions were just right so you could get more than 1 and not be spultuffed. I got the beans and potato salad which were both excellent. My gf tried the mac and cheese and cheesy potatoes. Macn cheese was excellent, but the potatoes were just ok. For main course, I figured I'd try a taste sampler of all their meats in the form of sliders: pulled pork, turkey, and beef brisket. The turkey was surprisingly moist and not dry.  Pulled pork and beef were my favorites. The bbq house sauce and spicy sauce were both excellent, i couldn't get enough of them.  I also loved their fresh, house made sodas and root beer, lemonades. I'll have to save room for their delicious looking desserts next time. The only thing better to go along with all the great meat would be some cold beer.
4	Love this place if you are in the mood for some BBQ! All I can say is try it all! I always get the stuffed baker with either chicken, pork, or sausage links! Add some corn on the side and you have yourself a great meal!
1	Had to pick one star,  this place deserves a 0 star rating.  Easily the worst bbq I've ever had,  all the meat was dry and the chicken tasted like kerosene.  The dinner cost me 20 bucks. I'd rather buy a bullet and put it into my skull before I eat there again.
5	Omg.  Nom nom nom. Get the baked beans and mac and cheese with your pulled pork!
5	The Best BBQ in the East Valley, I've been here several times and ordered many different items and have never been disappointed. Food is wonderful and the people are great. I love the picnic atmosphere outside when the weather is nice. I normally get the sampler plate and it has been divine each and every time. A must when in the East Valley.
4	This is my second visit to this spot and it was as good (if not better) as the first one. Some of the ribs were a little overcooked but nothing to complaint about. The baked potatoes were yummy and my daughter (5 yr) finished her pulled pork sandwich, so all in all it was a good experience. the bbq sauce tastes pretty good and it's in a self serving warm container which I believe enhances the flavor.The price is fair and the place is clean and appealing. So why didn't i give it 5 stars? The sides were below lame. The mac and cheese and cheese potatoes were tasteless.The lemon cake was too sweet for me and the corn bread was good although a little dry.BTW, this place is always packed, so arrive early or be ready to wait in line a little bit.
1	I was so hoping to find a good barbecue restaurant near our house. Unfortunately Joe's Real BBQ just misses the mark. The food tasted watery like it had been steamed to keep it moist. Beans & slaw were just average. Cool place inside and is certainly good for families w/ kids. Wish i could say I will be back, but with so many other great choices, not likely.
5	Luv, luv, luv Joe's Real BBQ!!!  Great western decor, outstandingly delicious food, good old-fashion hospitality!  The menu is extensive because BBQ is not simply one taste.  The portions are generous and the prices are affordable.  The best part is one can feel the pride in everything the staff does, from greeting guests to serving diners to bussing tables.  They make the dining experience memorable leading to return patronage.  Like its brother restaurant, Joe's Farm Grill, the seating choice and decor makes one feel welcomed.  Thanks, Joe's Real BBQ, for making us want to eat with our hands!
5	As a vegetarian with a husband who is meat lover, going out for barbecue can be complicated.  Joe's is perfect for us - my husband loves their bbq and I love their sides.  My personal favorites are the side salad with tomatoes and bbq ranch dressing, cheesy jalapeno potatoes and sweet corn.  They also have excellent mac & cheese, cornbread and lemonade.  My husband always gets the Jumbo Sandwich with mac & cheese.  Joe's also has THE BEST Birthday deal - $10 to spend on anything on the menu.  This is only valid on your Birthday and you have to present your ID.
5	Wow.. It took me 12 years after living in Chandler to finally discover this place.. Damn!   I have tried brisket, turkey and chicken and all have been great so far. If you like sandwiches the bread is terrific too.  Nothing bad about this place except for the long line waiting to be served.  Just try to go during off peak times or you'll be waiting for 15-20 minutes.  It's cafeteria style of course...
5	Solid bbq. Solid service. Nice storefront. The food and atmosphere are excellent and the 25 cent coffee rocks!!  In Gilbert, it will be difficult to beat this BBQ.  And the unique soda's are a plus.  I like this place a lot.
2	If you've ever had REAL Memphis BBQ, then you know what good BBQ tastes like. Joe's...well...it's just O.K. I prefer more flavor in my BBQ (and not the flavor added from a store-bought bottle). I think their menu is WAY over priced for the amount of food you receive. If I am going to pay $2+ for a side, I expect to get more then a thimbles worth of food. I tried their BBQ sandwich and all I could say was, "where's the beef?" The interior layout is confusing and seating is like a banquet hall (ick). Every time I drive by, I see hoards of people clamoring in line to get below average tasting food and pay ridiculous prices. I guess sheep like food that lacks flavor. Since I do not live in Memphis, I settle for Famous Dave's BBQ (yes I know it's not Memphis BBQ, that's why I said "settle"). Tastes better. Priced better. Portions are bigger. I leave feeling satisfied.Honestly, you are better off saving for a trip to Memphis so you can eat your way thru the city and feel very good about yourself!
4	7/8/12Their ribs and side dishes are always really good. Very comfortable family atmosphere. Even their desserts are yummy.!
5	Best BBQ I've had in quite a while. Love the root beer.
3	OK BBQ. Pretty expensive for the serving size.
1	If this was REAL BBQ I would never eat BBQ. I ordered a pound of Brisket to eat there. Got a plate of what looked like a mish mash of chopped and sliced brisket. Very dry and had little to no seasoning at all. Ended up taking it back to the counter and asking for our money back.Head up the street and got some real Brisket. I gave it a try, oh well.If you want good Brisket folks, don't go here. You go to Rynos, Pork Shop or even Porkopolis but you don't go here.
1	I'll keep this simple - we ordered 2 sampler plates, and all the meats were very dry (brisket, chicken, ribs, and pulled pork).  I could say we were bbq aficionados from Austin to try and make this review more relevant, but when the meat is this dry - it doesn't take a bbq snob to know this place stinks.I did think the sides were okay (mac and cheese, cheesy potatoes, apple crisp), but we came for bbq.
2	Expected a bit more after the reviews, unfortunately I left dissatisfied.  My co-worker and I had high hopes and stockpiled food accordingly.. we got a couple 2 meat plates, soda's (no beer here!!), a couple sides and added on a couple ribs as we expected them to be amazing. The meat wasn't anything outstanding.  It had a nice smoke ring on most, but lacked the flavor needed.  They need to put some more rub or baste accordingly, because all meat was very much lacking. Brisket - tender, but possessed minimal bark and flavor.  Good consistency. Pork - adequate taste in some bites, but overall lacking anything special. Ribs - cooked very well, had a little tug on them as opposed to falling off the bone. But again, missing flavor. Mac n Cheese - the shining star... It was great!! Had a crusty topping of goldfish or something similar.  Housemade Rootbeer - not very good and I really enjoy rootbeer.  Just way too sweet for me.  Bbq Sauce - it was ok.  I've had better and worst.. the spicy had a nice kick to it.. I slathered it on nearly everything to flavor it up.  Wish I would have went somewhere else.. but its all about giving places a shot.
5	These are the best ribs in the state of Arizona and the sides are all great especially the beans and mac n cheese.  Don't forget to save room for lemon cake.  The place is cool with a historic feel.  Indoor and outdoor dining.
3	I haven't been in a while, but the brisket just wasn't as good as I remembered it being.  It'll be a while before I head back.
5	One of the best BBQ's i've ever had! everything was fresh and piping hot!!! The mac n cheese and beans were both amazing! The pulled pork and ribs were great and my friend tried the brisket and loved it! We'd come back every week if we had the calories to spare. Came around 11:30 and there wasn't a line but after we sat down, the infamous line formed. Love that they allow you put however much BBQ sauce you want. The homemade root beer was a bit too sweet for my taste but it tasted a lot better when the ice melted and watered it down. It originally tasted kind of like a liquid root beer dum dum.There service here is one of the best I've ever seen!!!! Everyone is super courteous and sweet and seems to really care if you like the food! I love it! Definitely coming back soon!
5	Simply Amazing BBQ.  My Wife and I shared the BBQ Platter with our two young boys and we all were satisfied and loved the flavor for under $15.  And I had a cup of great coffee in that price.  Will certainly come back when we are in Gilbert.
5	FINALLY made it after living here for 6 years.. really sad.  The pulled pork is to die for!!  My 4 year old daughter is a picky eater but she loved everything!  I can't wait to come back and try their sweet potato pie.
5	Always delicious. Don't miss the homemade root beer!
5	Delish! And such a friendly and helpful staff! Our party of 7 each ordered different items, and we all loved our food.
5	woooooooooooow.Some of the best ribs ive had in my life.Some of the best bbq ive ever had in my life.Amazing atmosphere. Down home country feel.Fast service. Amazing food.Its UNREAL
5	Here's the thing about Joe's...for how good the bbq meats are (and they're really good!), the side dishes are better. The mac and cheese is killer; so are the stuffed potatoes and baked beans. The salad is incredible. This is a fun restaurant with really yummy food. Very informal and relaxed atmosphere.
1	I had a sampler plate, beans and coleslaw.I don't know if it was the pink chicken on the sampler plate or the mayo in the coleslaw but I was serverely sick the next day.Don't think I'll be eating there again.
4	Great BBQ, although not a huge fan of the cafeteria style ordering. I have been twice, I got the brisket sandwich one time and ribs the next. Both were delicious. I added  bbq sauce to the ribs because I thought they needed it. Try the homemade root beer at least once, too. YUM. We got there just in time ( a bit before 6 on a Friday night)  as we were leaving the line was 3x as long...out the door and around the corner.  Oh FYI...for sides I got the beans (loved them) and my kids said the macaroni and cheese was good. Dad wasn't impressed with the coleslaw.
2	This place is just ok. My wife and I went there and both got beef brisket sandwiches and they were not that good. The bread was hard and the meat was dry. I got Mac and cheese on the side and it was good but hardly any reason to go there. It was way overpriced for the food quality.
5	This was the first time that I actually ate inside. I have been here a couple times but usually just order outside and take it home. The food is always great and everyone is always so nice. I have tried just about everything on the menu and it doesn't matter what I pick because I am always satisfied.
1	I don't get it. The food was pricey and fatty. Maybe I hit them on a bad day. Not sure.
5	Best BBQ in town! I love this place so much, I even had my wedding reception out on the patio!
4	So many rave reviews. I like this place. It's pretty good and it's always consistent. Consistency is very difficult to manage for a barbecue restaurant in my opinion. Although I don't believe it is the best barbecue joint in town, it is the best I've had on the East side.I always get the brisket and chicken. The turkey sausages aren't spicy enough for me, but their sides are pretty good. I like the .25 coffee, and you eat free on your birthday.
2	I guess you love it or you hate it. Cant say I enjoyed the food.
4	Joe's Real BBQ is a great stop for all things bbq. Food is fresh and quick. The restaurant has that country sort of ambiance to it as well.
4	We love Joes.  The good is always good and they feed you for free on your birthday!  Its a regular go-to for our family.
4	Good BBQ, I thought it was reasonably priced.  Two meat plus one side was plenty of food.
4	Awesome bbq.....loved their smoked sausage...didn't like their chicken...Their pork is AMAZING...just stay away from the chicken.
3	Pretty good food, fun to take friends from out of town, typical rustic decor.  Not as cool as some locals seem to think, but fun.
2	What are the rules in barbecue joints that state you are required to confuse the f*ck out of paying customers every chance you get? Besides the fact that you seat yourself (sometimes), the menu (on the wall) has a long line that snakes up to it not for ordering off the wall but for picking and choosing your food like you're in a junior high cafeteria. And how dry is my meat required to be, really? There is a condiment bar but I didn't see too many condiments on it, and this is along the entrance line (full of people who are in your way). The whole thing is just awkward lugging your unevenly-weighted tray around the restaurant full of screaming mormon children.
4	Joe's is one my favorite restaurants. It's my go-to for a great casual dining experience with a group of family or friends.I can't say the barbecue is the best I've ever had, and in Gilbert, Arizona, I wouldn't expect it to be. Sometimes it's amazing, sometimes it's just good. This inconsistency keeps Joe's from earning the five star review I would love to give it. Their homemade root beer is great but I never get it because they serve my favorite bottled ginger ale, Boylan's (they score quite a few points for having a nice variety of bottled sodas). Their chocolate chip cookies are incredible, especially when they're warm (they bake them in small batches so they often are). Again, the barbecue isn't always amazing, but with great sides and soda and dessert offerings, you can always expect a great meal at Joe's.The atmosphere is perfect for a barbecue joint (better than the better-tasting barbecue joints I've dined at in Kansas City), and the staff is always super friendly and welcoming.
2	I was really disappointed. Although the bbq was decent the portions were small and the sides were terrible. It felt like a tourist trap and unless someone else is driving me there and paying I'll never return.
4	Good BBQ, good beans, good Mac and cheese! I wish they would have done more with the bread my pulled pork came on. Great atmosphere for a BBQ joint!
2	Expecting to be knocked off our socks and unfortunately Joe's was dry and bland. I'm so confused as to why the line is out the door?!
5	My favorite BBQ place yet in the valley. The meats are smokey with a very nice bark and smoke ring. This place is sort of cafeteria style so be prepared. I prefer to order at the outside window and take it home.Overall, really really good BBQ!!!
5	Best BBQ evvvvvvveeeerrrrr!!!! I love BBQ and this place does it right. The brisket is amazing, smoked turkey, chicken, everything! I love the sides, sweet potatoes, om nom nom, baked beans, corn bread, lemon cake. Nothing here is over seasoned, it's just right. A lot of BBQ places have gone the spicy route to cover up the fact they have a bland and tasteless meat, but not these guys, I'd even eat the meat without any sauce (what?!). Another plus is they're reasonably priced, perfect for lunch time or night out with the fam.
5	Excellent food, always look forward to coming here.
5	The only place I can get my kids to be quiet for 5 min! Brisket is good mmmmmk!
5	Always amazing in every way!!
1	took family here for lunch,pork was dry,coleslaw gross and,side add ons are small,we all left (HUNGRY!),2 adults 1 kid,have been here a few times before a few years ago,we all ordered off the adult menu,I forgot why we do not go here any more and will never go back,30$ poor drinking water,SAD......ps,one star for good decor.
2	Joe's was strongly recommended by a friend (along with their other store). Hope it's more impressive.I'm a Lost Texan and am tilted slightly to the Texas BBQ side, but I like most BBQs in general (KC, Southern, Memphis, Carolinas).This was not as tasty as I expected it to be. I had ribs while my wife did a brisket sandwich. Not impressed and it was more expensive than I thought was reasonable.There was a short line on a late weekday afternoon. Condiments were lacking. Sides were not particularly memorable. Will we go back? someday if we're in the area. If only Black Mountain BBQ wasn't half a day's ride from our home in Maricopa!!Oh, my wife wanted to ride the John Deere. Had to hold her down.
5	Joe's Real BBQ is one of my favorite places. Comfort food in a comfort environment served by friendly people - just the best.Located in downtown Gilbert, the historic brick building is solid and homey. We try to visit at non-peak hours or on weeknights, but if you show up at dinner time on a Friday or Saturday, you'll be greeted with a long line of patrons waiting for their opportunity to step up to the counter to order some tasty fixins :) Despite appearances, the long line does not usually entail a long wait - their counter service team has the process down to a science and they move people through relatively quickly. The line moves through the dining room with booth style tables to one side and large wooden tables to the other side through the center. Once you reach the front of the line, you make your way past a selection of bottled drinks and up to a soda fountain complete with fresh brewed root beer and home made lemonade (my pick) Grab a tray, napkins, and utensils, then slide on up to the counter. You place your order and move forward while they prepare it. By the time you reach the selection of desserts, your meat and side are landing on the glass top in front of you. I usually go for the BBQ sandwich meal, as it is just enough - 1/4 lb of meat on a bun + 1 side dish. My typical meat of choice is the Chopped Pork, although when I'm trying to be "healthy" (ha!) I also enjoy the extremely moist chicken and turkey offerings as well. As far as side dishes, there's just one choice for me: Cheesy Potatoes. Usually served lukewarm, they're cheesy with just a hint of spice and they're delicious. Now, the desserts ... I really can't walk away without getting one of their freshly baked chocolate chip cookies: the chips are usually still melty and warm. However, their Rootbeer cake is incredibly moist with a unique, yummy flavor and just a hint of frosting, and my husband loves their lemon cake. They also have a to-die-for corn bread served with honey butter, but I often skip it as I'm so carbed up from everything else I've already ordered (darn) Don't forget the barbecue sauce! I am actually aghast to say that the first time I had Joe's, I didn't like it! This was because I had the original barbecue sauce, which I've discovered is just too sweet for me. Once I learned about the spicy habenero barbecue sauce, I was good to go - it is delicious and adds the perfect pop of flavor to my sandwich. If the weather is nice, skip eating in the dining room and head out to the yard outside. There are rows of picnic tables perched beside a large, grassy lawn which is the perfect place for kids to run around and burn off steam while the adults finish up their meals and chat. The area is bordered by a white picket fence which contains the kiddos from the busy street just beyond, so that you can relax while they play. The whole area is crowned with strings of lights that lend a lovely glow as you dine. If the weather is not-so-nice, I usually try to grab a booth on the far side of the room, so I'm not eating amongst the people standing in line. There is also an enclosed patio area which works well as a hybrid of the two dining experiences - I find that it is a bit noisy usually. The restaurant itself is quaint with an obvious Arizona Agriculture theme - my son loves checking out the giant John Deere tractor that holds court at the center of the room, and he often peers longingly into the upcycled fuel pump... now turned into a gumball machine. If you're jonesing for Joe's but don't want to wait in line, consider calling ahead and then picking your order up at the window outside - it is a good way to get your fix :) we've also gotten take out for several get togethers that we have hosted/attended and it really takes the pressure off of having to cook because everyone likes Joe's!
3	A good barbecue spot. The food is usually not fresh as it is served cafeteria style.  However, the food is good here and if you get it catered, it is actually fresh, so I would definitely recommend their catering service.
1	Hello all you foodies out there :)Today I will give you our opinion of JOES BBQ.And I do realize food is a preference and I am a very picky person.I realize Joes has its local following, however from a girl who has tried many of the BBQ joynts here in the greater Phoenix area I have to say.... I DONT GET IT?I was being fair in trying Joes twice.....just to make sure it wasent an off day.We first went to Joes pick up window a few weeks ago and tried a slab of ribs and a combo plate with chicken, ribs and some bbq beef and bbq pork.I enjoy some good "fall off the bone" ribs but what I got was a slab of "pry off the bone" ribs.I must say the bbq sauce was ok but the meat was tough and chewy and I was extremely dissapointed.On the combo place the chicken was dry as were the meats.I would like to compliment the MAC and CHEESE which is better than most and the BBQ BEANS were also tasty.I called  Joes to ask if I could bring back the ribs, of which I ate 2 bones, and get our money back and I was transfered to a very friendly manager who talked me into letting her send us a gift card so we can try again.She insisted their ribs are normally "fall off the bone".I told her I would prefer to bring back the food so she can see for herself what we spent good money on, but she talked me into trying again.Ok, so here it is a few weeks later and we happen to be on Gilbert Rd and decided to  try again.We got a 1/4 pd bbq beef sandwich and a 1/3 pd bbq pork sandwich.The order taker gave a choice of sliced pork or chopped of which I prefer chopped.When we got home what we had was a bun and in a seperate styrofoam container a slop of what I am assuming was the bbq beef that looked disgusting and tasted equally as disgusting.NO bbq sauce on the side!The bbq pork was plain, dry,  big hard hunks of pork and only one small side of bbq sauce, not nearly enough to wet the pork or even cover the pork.Both sandwiches were thrown away... For dinner we ate mac and cheese and a small side of bbq beans.So now I have to ask again.....PEOPLE..... PLEASE get in your car and drive into Phoenix to BOBBY Q's BBQ and give their food a try.I realize we all want a good place close to home but Joe's simply doesn't do it for us.Luckily the gift card we received is also good at JOES farmhouse grill...which is a fun place to visit, otherwise we would have sent the card back with a "thanks...but no thanks.... even free it's not worth it!We would rather drive 1/2 hour to BOBBY Q's and enjoy some real good BBQ.You can look back at my review of BOBBY Q's.  We went there many times and have NEVER been dissapointed and I am a TOUGH critic!I would suggest if you decide to eat at Joe's, try the root beer...it is quite good!If you enjoy corn bread..... dont eat it here...it is $2.29 for a small square of thin corn bread.  The taste is ok, but not at all worth the price.And so I repeat.... I DONT GET IT!  nor do I like it! Nor will be back or recommend  Joe's to anyone.This is just 2 peoples opinion, but as I always suggest.... give it a try and see what you think, and before you make a decision...try BOBBY Q's and compare.And until you do......Bon Appetite'
2	Average food and pricey too.  Three ribs a bit dry and tough plus an out of the bag garden salad with a 12 oz. soda alone,  ran me 14 bucks!
5	I always leave here satisfied. The food's amazing. I live in Utah now, but whenever I come down to visit family, this place is on my list. I don't miss it. Try the Pork sandwich with spicy BBQ sauce, some root beer, and a piece of cake, and you're in heaven!
4	Go big or go home right!? I haven't had too much BBQ in Arizona but what I've had I haven't been too impressed. I will however say that JOE'S REAL BBQ was really good. I'm a fan of supporting local business, and there's a nice 'comfy/family' feel to the place. Now, I come from a big bbq'ing Texas family, and though I have to express this isn't no comparison it's pretty damn good Arizona BBQ. I had to try a little of everything so I got the BBQ Sampler plate Over 3/4 lb. of ribs, chicken, pork and beef, bread.  Includes homemade side dish. Add a 2nd side for just $1.00 [with a side of Mac N Cheese and Beans.] Yea I couldn't finish it all, especially with having a taste of my boyfriend corn bread and my friends rootbeer cake.. Can we say HEAVEN. For lack of better words I was in a food coma, but walked away happy and full.
4	I was in the area for work and my colleague mentioned this place for lunch.I'm all about BBQ. So needless to say, I was in.This place is located in a really interesting place in Gilbert. It looks "small towny" with character. As I walked in, I don't know what I was expecting. But I was a little surprised to see that it is set up kind of like a cafeteria. Interesting. I got, what I believe was called, the two meat platter. I got the beef brisket and the pulled pork. Holy moley.It was so good. I slathered it with the BBQ sauce and was super satisfied. But that wasn't enough, I had to try their hot BBQ sauce. I slathered my food in it. Nose dripping with sweat, lips burning, but man was it good. I came out of the restaurant smelling like BBQ. Which is fine with me. The prices were reasonable too!
2	The turkey is very good and tender, the BBQ sauce is good and the sides are good but for a BBQ place, the portion sizes are SO SMALL! When you go out for BBQ you expect to indulge but you will not get to do that here unless you order a double portion.
5	Decided to try out Joe's Real BBQ - as a celebration for passing my final dental boards - the last step before being Dr. D!I was not disappointed! I had two meats and 1 side....I live for Mac and Cheese and boy oh boy was it tasty! For the meats I had brisket (sliced) and hot link. The hot link has such good snap (you know what i mean) and the brisket was just the right amount of smokey tasteMy husband had the BBQ brisket sandwich with a side of baked beans and side of cheesy potatoes. The baked beans were really really good! I feel like the only thing that was mediocre was the cheesy potatoesWe tried the Root Beer float cake - decentWe just moved to Gilbert and will definitely be back - and considering having them cater for my graduation party :)
3	With lines out the door, I expected great smoked BBQ. On the menu, there is "meats cooked in sauce." I asked which meats are smoked and was told "all of them." Seems contradictory.  The BBQ was very disappointing. The beef brisket tasted like it was braised, not smoked. Being a transplant from Texas, I expect smoked meats to have the "smoke ring." The meat should be good on its own, without sauce.  There was no smoke ring. My beef was fatty and I took it home to my dog.  Will I go back?  Yes. Although the meats are not truly smoked, they are tasty. The chicken and sides were good. The BIG baked potato was great. But make no mistake...it is not real BBQ.
2	Meh. I like Liberty Market and the Grill...all by the same guy...but I don't get the hysteria about this place. The sauces are not ah-mazing. The meats all kind of blend together and are underwhelming. If I am in downtown Gilbert I would rather go to Liberty Markey, Postinos, or Romeo's Cafe. If I need BBQ that bad, I could go to Chilli's and get the dry-rub ribs.
5	My fav BBQ place! You can't beat the loaded baked potatoes and pulled pork sandwiches. Also, root beer cake and gourmet bottled soda. I love taking the kids and big groups here since they have great outdoor seating and lots of big tables.
5	Looove this place... I swear I could eat this food every night.  I live right nearby and it's so nice to have a walk up window for take-out and the food comes out very fast.  I usually order a meat plate with 2 sides- Brisket or pulled pork, mac and cheese and apple sauce.  I have tried other items and have never been disappointed.  Favorite BBQ place for take out.  Not too big on dining in since you walk up to order your food.
3	We went here after a friend raved about it! To me it was ok, but nothing out of the ordinary. Very boring menu and atmosphere. C+
5	Well, after two years I should probably update my review!There isn't much to update, though.  They have maintained the quality and flavor that got five stars from me two years ago.  A friendly, casual place with some awesome pecan wood smoked meats, and beans that are out of this world.  Their brisket also is really good.As usual I got the pulled pork and beans.  Plus their homemade root beer.  Heaven!I continue to compare all other BBQ places I visit against Joe's, and so far Joe's has won every time.  They remain, in my opinion, the best BBQ in town.
4	This place is so good, that I got sick after eating here once and still wasn't turned off! ( In all fairness it may have been caused by eating too much) The line always looks long, but waiting time is very short.The menu isn't huge, but they make what the got WELL I love the picnic style outdoor seating It's a great family place for kids. Happy Eating!
5	5 Stars for customer appreciation day...... Will review when I go back!
5	Joe's Real BBQ is a great!Agreed, the menu options are not vast, but the choices they do provide are spectacular! The prices are affordable, I was hesitant at first thinking the extra side here and there would make the meal costly, but two of us were beyond content with about $15 a person. This of course was with dessert, can't skip that :) I recommend the pulled pork and the lemon cake or pecan brownie for dessert.Just a suggestion, the brownie would be GREAT with some bourbon! Check Joe's REAL BBQ out for a nice atmosphere and delicious food!
4	This is the perfect Gilbert restaurant. Family friendly, quick cafeteria style service, the agricultural ambiance fits right in with Gilbert 's image as an historically agricultural community. The BBQ sauces ( one sweet, one hot) are to die for. The smoked and barbecued meats are wonderful. The only reason I can't give it five stars are the sides and desserts which just look tired. Lemon cake, which looked promising was dry, and the root beer cake was dense. Cheesy potatoes tasted good, but I'd be happier if they were just a bit juicier. Beans, however were delicious. Perhaps the dryness factor comes from having to sit out too long, but if you're not too fussy, you won't mind. All in all, however, a great place to eat. We'll be back, if only for the BBQ!
4	Coleslaw is amazing. Prices are great
2	Disappointed! Stopped in for dinner and ordered Mac n cheese we were told 5 minutes. After 3 trips to the counter and was told 5 more minutes each time and still nothing I finally asked if it could be delivered to our table the girl said no because they didn't know who ordered and such so I needed to check back. After 25 minutes we were done with our meal I went up to find it finally was brought out. I just requested my money back. Joe really needs to get his act together. His staff really does not know how to deal with people.  We have been coming for years. We stopped going out to the grill which was another one of our favorites after having  bad service a few times. It may be time to cross Joes BBQ off our list too. What happened to customer service or go the extra mile for the customer. Ever here the story give them the pickle by Bob Farrell? It may be time to have your employees google it !
5	I was honestly having a hard time deciding if i should give them 4 or 5 stars. I am going to swing the 5 stars because leftovers were equally as good the day after.This place is cafeteria style restaurant. Which is good, you see your food being prepared before your very eyes. The ribs were DELICIOUS!! the meat fell off the bone cleanly. I am salivating a little bit thinking about them again. They do a real good job cooking the ribs. They don't over smother the ribs with sauce which is nice. You can add more on your own. A great smoky flavor in each bite.  Mac N cheese side was good. I wish that the crunchies on top were more crunchy, but thats my own personal preference. My wife had the salad, with chicken ontop. That was pretty good too. IF we didn't get meat on the salad it would have been a sad day. I'd love to come back sometime, its just a little far from me. :(
5	Great food and service! Pulled pork and hot link jumbo sandwich are my favorite. Ribs are my fiance's favorite. Always get the homemade rootbeer. Never had a problem with anything about Joes BBQHuge supporters of US Military in uniform.Clean restraunt, friendly staff, and fair pricing on food.Love how the owner goes around the restraunt, greets people and even assists on cleaning tables. Great leadership!
5	Best BBQ food I've had- fresh corn bread, happy employees, and the best food in town!!!
4	Solid BBQ...nice alternative to Rudy's. Not overly smokey, the pecan wood is very subtle. Pulled pork was my favorite in my two meat plate. The brisket was good, not great. I enjoyed the spicier ' I dare you sauce'. My friend had the stuffed baker with pulled pork which was positively massive!
4	Knowing now, I wish this would have been my first stop for bbq in the East Valley. The portions are huge, lots of sides to choose from and totally a cute atmosphere. The smoked turkey is downright craveable.
4	First off I love good BBQ,  but I am a little picky in the fact that I don't want my food drowned in sauce, I want to be able to taste the flavor of the meat. Joe's Real BBQ  does just that, they serve you all the meats you want with the sauce on the side, with the exception of the ribs. I was a big fan of Rudy's BBQ for that same reason as well however I must say Joe's is much better. The meat by itself has very good flavor and its cooked to perfection. We tried the beef brisket, pulled pork, hot-links, and the ribs. I loved the brisket, it was so moist and flavorful. The ribs, while the sauce was a little sweet for me the meat just fell off the bones. My husband really enjoyed the hot-links along with the pulled pork. They do have a lot of options for sides however they were a bit small in portions, our favorite side was the mac and cheese. The atmosphere is welcoming with the family style picnic type seating.
4	Pulled pork is the best!
4	Joe's has been a favorite of mine for many years. The food is delicious - real comfort food here. The ribs are a bit fatty, but most ribs are. Mac n Cheese, cheesy potatoes, beans, brisket, everything is really tasty.
3	Went for early pre-meeting dinner so not crowded at all.  Easy, free street parking and access.  All of the staff are very friendly.  The bbq chicken sandwich was very good.  I really enjoy good cornbread and I would have to call theirs average.  The ribs look delicious, so I will need to try them when I do not have to worry about a making a mess before going yo a meeting!
4	This is the perfect Gilbert restaurant. Family friendly, quick cafeteria style service, the agricultural ambiance fits right in with Gilbert 's image as an historically agricultural community. The BBQ sauces ( one sweet, one hot) are to die for. The smoked and barbecued meats are wonderful. The only reason I can't give it five stars are the sides and desserts which just look tired. Lemon cake, which looked promising was dry, and the root beer cake was dense. Cheesy potatoes tasted good, but I'd be happier if they were just a bit juicier. Beans, however were delicious. Perhaps the dryness factor comes from having to sit out too long, but if you're not too fussy, you won't mind. All in all, however, a great place to eat. We'll be back, if only for the BBQ!
4	Really really yummy food. My roommate and I went here today for lunch. There was no line when we went so maybe go during the week if the line other people talk about scares you. Friendly service and the were super excited to have red cream soda. I had the bbq sandwich with pulled pork and it had great flavor. Roommate had the jumbo sandwich with the pork and brisket and he liked the brisket a little more because it had a ton of sauce. Sides were good and I'm excited to go back!
4	It is a cafeteria style place and the food is amazing.  The sweet tea on tap is not sweet! haha But they have old school soda bottles that are so good. I had the ginger ale. I had the pull pork, mac and cheese apple sauce.  Everything was soo amazing.  Def recommend getting the apple sauce as a dessert it is so good!
5	This place can't be beat.  I have never been disappointed!  So many things to choose from for meats--can't miss with any of them.  The sides are great as well.  I wish I could duplicate their mac and cheese.  Don't forget you get a $10 credit on your birthday!
4	Went here with the fam and we loved this place. Ribs are fall-off-the-bone and by 6 year old loved the brisket kids sandwich. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because some of the side dishes were not....great. The Mac n cheese, cheesy potatoes and potato salad were just 'eh however add in a little of their house bar b que sauce to the potato salad and you'll be happy. Baked beans? Yyuuuuummmmm!!!! And lets not forget about the choc chip cookies.....deeelish! Overall we absolutely love what downtown Gilbert has to offer (we are huuuuuge fans of Postinos East, the Farmhouse and Liberty Market....need to try a few of the other resteraunts as well) and Joes Real Barbque served up some tasty food.
4	Joes is consistently good. Its always a toss up between the baker or the brisket, so i usually get the baker with the brisket. I always get the cream soda of course, cant go wrong their. I don't know if Joes is my absolute favorite bbq in town, but its pretty darn good. Since I work in the area, I frequent their quite often. Joes is a classic and is truly in the heart of Gilbert. Good Things.
5	I've been wanting to eat here for awhile, but am rarely in Gilbert. We were nearby today and were finally able to try it out!Such an awesome BBQ lunch. We both got the pulled pork sandwhiches and beans. They were amazing! Some of the best BBQ I've ever had. My husband also got the mac & cheese. I wouldn't recommend getting that though.Also love the homemade root beer. We will be back next time we're in Gilbert! It's definltely a great spot.
5	The bake potato and BBQ ribs are to die for! The ribs fall apart in your mouth and the potato in sea salt with all the fixins is unbelievable! We recommend this place all the way!
4	Great family environment and great food!
2	Ehhhh, cold meat, my wife got her sliders 15 minutes after we sat down. Disappointed.
5	Great food!! Service and employees were so nice and attentive! Highly recommend food was amazing! Had pulled pork and my husband had ribs.. Must try the potato too! I would highly recommend to anyone one the fence and looking for a cozy BBQ restaurant.
5	This is a great BBQ place to eat. It's one of those unique - reasonably priced places to take guests.
4	Family took me to Joe's about a year ago. I was impressed. I think I had a little taste of everything, including a desire to go back.Although Joe's BBQ is out of my hood, it was good enough to make a special trip again to have another lunch. I have been wanting to go back and, so when a friend suggested we meet there, I wasn't disappointed. I probably ate way too much. But it was worth it. Satisfied. And I think I ate my meat allotment for at least a couple of weeks. My only disappointment was the sweet potato pie. I've lived in the south and eaten some of the best southern pies . . . and this one just wasn't up to snuff. It had a slightly chemical/ weird spice taste. But, have no fear, they have other yummy desserts on their menu. Your sweet tooth will have no trouble finding something to fulfill its needs. And there is always their homemade rootbeer . . . worth the trip!http://www.joesrealbbq.com
5	I try to eat here when I am in town visiting my brother.  As others have said it's cafeteria style so you may have to wait in line but hopefully not for long.  This place is so good.  Their bbq is delicious, but what I found myself endlessly shoving in my mouth was the hot link sausage and the cheezy potatoes.  The inside has a nice country atmosphere with a big tractor inside.  I prefer outside at night with the strung up lights that give it, idk, just a real homey country type feel that makes the food taste even better.  Try it.  I wish we had bbq this good in San Diego.  Phils is ok in San Diego but Joe's is better hands down.
5	It's difficult to put my love for Joe's into words, but I'll try.The barbecue is by far the best I've ever had.  The root beer is awesome, the sides are awesome, the service is awesome.  The helpings are large so it's easy to split, plus the prices are good!This family has done SO MUCH for the town of Gilbert that it feels great to support them, but I keep coming back for the awesome food.
2	I was really excited to try Joe's out. It's right in my neighborhood and all the high reviews on Yelp had me convinced and my mouth ready for some awesome BBQ. I parked in the 15 minute parking conveniently located right in front of a walk up window on the side of the restaurant. I was ordering to go. I ordered the combo plate: chicken, ribs, beef and a hotlink. I asked for an extra side of their hot bbq sauce since I noticed only one small side of sauce was provided. For my two sides I chose coleslaw and the beans. The service was super fast and the girl taking my order was very pleasant. 5 stars for customer service. My two stars is for the taste/quality of the food. The worst was the coleslaw. Very dry and lacked flavor. The best of all the items were the beans and the beef brisket. The ribs were ok, tender, but too much fat on them. The hotlinks weren't good in my opinion. If i see chunks of fat in my sausage usually not good to me. Didn't taste great either. I expect for a restaurant to make better bbq than I can. But Joe's failed that test. The bbq sauce was not poured all over the ribs, instead I was given a small side. The sauce was pretty good, i wish i would have asked for more. The bread was good, i believe it was rye. She failed to give me a napkin or a fork to use to eat my to go order, but luckily I was headed home to eat anyways. I don't want to discourage you from going here. Maybe your taste buds may be delighted. Mine were not. Probably won't be back
5	Hands down the best BBQ in Arizona! Everything is fresh and cooked perfectly. Being from the south we know good BBQ, and Joe's has been the best we've found in Arizona! When we have guest from out of town we always take them there for dinner.
4	A very kid friendly place to have a BBQ meal. You order your food as if you were in a cafeteria setting. You grab a tray, grab your drinks, and go up to the counter to order your meal. Then you push your tray along and grab your sides. Once you got everything and paid for your meal you find a seat inside or head outside (if it's not too hot) to sit at a park bench. You eat for free on your birthday so be sure to bring something to verify your birthday. We even had the opportunity to be greeted by Joe himself as he made his way from table to table asking how things were and to thank you for coming to visit. I thought that was very classy. We will be back once we are in the mood for more BBQ. Visited April 2012
5	Yummy yummy! Mac and Cheese is the best!
5	Great brisket and BBQ chicken with really good root beer. Friendly service,and good prices.Makes it a family friendly place to eat.
5	There is a tractor sitting in the dining room and the whole place smell like mesquite BBQ Joe's is all about the rural town that Gilbert AZ was, not long ago. It's very casual, fun, kid-friendly cafeteria style dining.  The ribs were REALLY good, and the side were awesome too. Homemade apple sauce, huge baked potatoes, fresh coleslaw, homemade lemonade,. yum!!!The patio is spacious with lots of room to relax. Very cute place and you won't leave hungry!.
5	Pulled pork, homemade root beer, awesome sandwiches, and the best part is they have a pick up window for that gotta go kind of day.So you don't have to go inside you can enjoy it at home within minutes of ordering
5	No matter who, as long as they eat meat...this is a good decision.Try it all. The food is a bit pricy for the cafeteria feel, but that's par for the course with all BBQ places in AZ.
5	YUM!!! I take every person who comes to town to visit to Joe's BBQ. I've been here DOZENS of times and am never disappointed. I get lunch here every birthday :-)
5	I love Joe's BBQ! You get large portions and they give you $10 credit towards your meal on your birthday. We used to always get the family deal, but my favorite is the baked potato loaded with meat! The mac n cheese and cheesy potatoes are definitely worth trying.
4	This place is a real bbq treat. The meats are smoked just fine, the beans are perfection. Atmosphere is great, prices affordable. They offer an Impressive quality of meat and love is truly cooked into almost everything served here. The sauces are very good as well and I brought one home with me.  P
4	Arrived at 5:45pm on a sat nite, and escaped the long line that started forming 15 min later. By 6:15, line was out the door and down the side street. Rustic, clean, friendly, and delicious food. Baked beans and applesauce (homemade) were our favs. Laid back Gilbert made us feel like we were back home in Nebraska. Ate our meal outdoors on picnic table. Very family friendly.
5	Love this place!  Some of the best BBQ in the valley!  The sides are phenomenal as well and different from most traditional BBQ places that only have beans and potato salad.  Will definitely be enjoying this place in the future!
5	My husband and I were told to go their from a local gal. We both got the Jumbo sandwich with chopped brisket on one side and pulled pork on the other. The sandwich was amazing we will be back. Next time I would get all Brisket. Loved the homemade root beer. Prices are reasonable and the cheese potatoes and mac & cheese were great.
5	Very impressed! I was visiting from Texas and stopped at Joe's while in route to Phoenix. Being from Texas, I have had my fair share of great barbecue, and Joes is definitely in my top 5. Sides were also great. I especially enjoyed the Mac n cheese. Not sure when I will be in Gilbert,Arizona again, but if the opportunity arises, I know what my first stop will be.
5	Found this place on accident, and I think I just had a life changing experience. This is some of the best food I've ever had, in my life.I had a pulled pork sandwich, Mac and cheese, cornbread with honey butter, and a few bites of my friend's sweet potato pie. Everything is absolutely heavenly.Please, please do your self a favor and try this place out. It's worth whatever wait you may have standing in line.
2	Tried this place 3 times now wanting to like it but it's just not that good.  The meat is ok but the sides are terrible.  The locals love this place but I doubt any of them have had any of the big three: KC, Memphis, or S. Carolina BBQ, Joe's is not real BBQ.  We will NOT be back.
5	I love Joe's!! Super delicious, I usually get a potato with meat. You also have to have the root beer, it is delicious! The people are always really nice as well! On your birthday you get $10 and you can even get it to go, if you need to! It's pretty awesome! They have a nice big outside area with picnic tables which is great too!
4	Wow wow wow some of the best barbecue ive had in Phoenix, this place is recommended to me by another friend and let me say the brisket is phenomenal. The brisket was moist had a bit of bark from the rub just like in Texas. I also got the turkey jalapeno sausage which was excellent , with a side of beans and potato salad both we're great favors in every bit. The sliced bread you get with every meal is awesome, they also have a sidebar were you can get pickles banana peppers condiments extra sauce etc. these folks definately Know what they're doing take a drive to downtown Gilbert check this place out
5	Boom goes the dynamite!!!  Just tried this place for the first time.  Had the sliced brisket and the chicken with Mac and cheese and baked beans.  It was ALL GOOD.  The bark on the brisket was a 1/4" thick and just screamed legit, the chicken was tender and smokey and the stuff that good old boys dreams are made of.  Being a fat guy who has spent some time in the south I consider myself a bit of a connoisseur when it comes to finer points of good BBQ and this place meets all the requirements.  The Mac and cheese was badass, and the baked beans would make anybody's southern grandma jealous.  They also had two different house made BBQ sauces which were both awesome and apparently make their own root beer which was pretty good (not a huge root beer fan but it was good) I'll be back to this place for sure!  While I was waiting I mentioned to some other people that I had never been there before and they all started blurting out things to try, in case your new to eating that's a good sign LOL.  If your on the fence about trying this place get off it and start eating already!
3	Ate here the other day. Food was fair. Had the sampler plate. Chicken was dry and a bit well done. Had eaten food from here which was catered in and it was much better.  Staff and service is good.
4	Great food and relaxed atmosphere. I had a sampler plate and my favorite was probably the pulled pork and the ribs. The mac and cheese is possibly the best I've ever tasted! We will definitely be back but maybe to get takeout because the line to get in can get long.
5	IMHO some of the best cue in the valley I always get the BBQ sampler because everything is so good I can't decide
5	Are you kidding me?! This place is unbelievable!!!! The whole table was quite while eating, because we were so engulfed in our delicious mouth watering meal. Hands down the best BBQ in town!! So much variety on your plate and so much flavor in every side dish! I left here stuffed and happy!
2	Ate here right after the new year, I don't know if they cook too much food on the weekends and serve it on Monday or what. I had the sampler platter considering I had never eaten here before.  The buffet style ordering is deceiving considering everything is ala carte. The brisket was good, the ribs seemed crockpotish and not smoked, and the chicken was so overcooked it made my mouth dry. Not what I expected for a BBQ restaurant, at BBQ prices, what they charge everything should be smoked at least yesterday or the current day. Not happy and will probably not eat here again. Tourist food.
3	it's good -but not as good as Rudy's (if you're on the other side of town :)
3	My father is from the deep South and when he comes to visit I take him here... Not my style of food but he LOVES IT.  the bbq sauce is good,  but overall,  I find it too fatty and greasy.  I also do not care for the cafeteria setup. Reminds me too much of a Furrs... If you remember those :) however.  I will admit that their chocolate chip cookies are da bomb
5	Great barbecue -- especially the chicken and pulled pork. The cheesy potatoes and homemade applesauce are good side dish options. The jumbo bakers with barbecued pulled pork and all the fixings of a baked potato are really good. It's a good family place with indoor and outdoor seating options.
5	Delicious BBQ! Pulled pork bbq sandwich with coleslaw and bbq pit beans were awesome! Desserts were great as well (I've had the lemon cake and pecan brownie). Only thing missing are sweet potato fries!!
5	The ribs are awesome! They have a citrus taste to them. The pulled pork sandwich is really good too. The soda set up is a little annoying and it can be really slow when it's crowded but it's a great place to go if you're having a BBQ craving.
5	Incredible food!! I recommend splitting the BBQ Sampler with a friend. We ordered an extra side of meat with it.
5	This place is great! Great food,great service and I approve of anywhere I can bring my kids and they can eat good food not just boring tenders or burgers!
4	Order the ribs only next time
5	Birthday Bash at Joe's was a success again!  As usual the food was 5 STARS !  Everyone had more than enough food and fun. Thank you to all the staff at Joe's.  You are Simply the Best ! !
3	The meat is amazing. Sides are kind of hit-or-miss in my opinion. It's got a fun atmosphere & is Always busy.  Very casual but worth a visit. I actually prefer their sister restaurant Joe's Farm Grill, which is better all around (& you can get some of the BBQ options there too).
5	Since 2000 I have been making trips to this joint.  They haven't  changed much except for the decor.  The staff is busy and strait to the point, because we have some serious BBQ going on back here.  Which is totally cool with me as long as I get my pulled pork with joes famous BBQ sauce were all good.  Located in historic downtown Gilbert across the street from hale theater.I'm not sure if they still have it but if you show up on your b-day your meal is on the house.  When you walk up in line with that wonderful aroma coursing thru the air, your beverages await you in two horse troughs and up on the wall.  The menu is very simple just pick based on your desire for awesomeness to overfill your stomach. My choices for every visit would have to be the pulled pork sandwich.  My favorite side would have to be the cheezy potatoes then the ranch beans.  I've try'd both BBQ sauces but I always lean a bit more towards something sweet like joes famous sauce.This establishment has never let my stomach down and in another 16 years I don't think it will.  Please make a visit in if your ever around  the Gilbert area of Phoenix az you won't be disappointed non the least.
4	Can't believe I forgot to review this place. Went a few weeks ago for a birthday dinner. Ordered the sampler plate with beans and cheese potatoes. The potatoes were so-so, as was the corn bread but the meat and beans were both outstanding. The way the line to order food is set up, it's kind of problematic if you need refills or even to get out of your booth, but they're limited on space so I imagine there aren't too many ways to fix this. Would definitely go there again.
4	Love Joe's.  My fav is the pull pork sandwich.  The sides are also awesome, especially the mac and cheese.
5	My husband isn't big into all the food here, but he does love their ribs.  Meanwhile, my kids and church love this place.  We are big fans of the Joe's restaurants and appreciate their generosity on our birthdays.We do come when we can and will recommend it.  The service is always excellent and cheerful and even if all you want is your birthday meal, they give it to you with a huge smile and great attitude.  Of course, we always buy more than the birthday meal, but are very appreciative of their generosity.We hope that God will greatly prosper this and the other Joe's restaurants.  All the meats are cooked to be finger licking good and very tender.  Very yummy.  And for those watching their fats, you can get a salad.  The side dishes are pretty carby, but I guess once in awhile isn't too bad to have.  Very good food, but sometimes hard on the waistline.
3	This is an okay place somewhat ruined by all the hype surrounding it. I'll just do a "pro/con" thing:PROS-The beef brisket was pretty badass.-The homemade root beer was pretty nice, especially after not having root beer for a long time. CONS-The lines. We went on a Tuesday night and it was packed. I know there isn't much to do in Old Town Gilbert and maybe this place is the highlight, but geez. By the time you get all the food on your plate, it's cold from waiting in line so long.-The sides. While the meat offerings all seem super-tasty and well-seasoned and all that, I think they kinda got lazy with the sides. The mac and cheese surely comes out of some frozen package, and other offerings that my table mates had weren't much better. The cornbread was really the low point for me, as it was more the northern "sweet" type and was dry and crumbly.-BUTTA. Yeah, this is just a pet peeve of mine, but the "butter" they offered was not butter, I'm pretty sure. I'm anal about hydrogenated oils and polyunsaturated posers, and it had the consistency and look of one of those tub margarines, so let's call a spade a spade.-The seating/atmosphere: Since half of the area is taken up by people waiting in line, you have to sit on the far and dark side of the place (or outside) to avoid people standing over you while you eat. Guess you can't blame a place for being busy, but that doesn't really give any consolation. The place is also so dark, and not in a charming Italian restaurant way. All-in-all, I'd say this is more of a 2.5 review than a 3. It really just feels like a soup kitchen with a bunch of starving homeless people, but hey: The meat's good.
3	I'm admittedly impatient but will gladly wait for food if it's good. Unfortunately, Joe's didn't really live up to expectations. Line on a weekday moved very slowly.  It wasn't even busy with plenty of open seating everywhere. How hard is it to serve up some premade food cafeteria style? It was hot and stuffy in the main dining room. Care to temperature control?  Thankfully, the brisket itself was pretty tender and flavorful. Everything else about the experience was just 'meh.' I was not a fan of the two bbq sauces offered. They had an off-putting bitterness. Cole slaw didn't have bite and cheesy potatoes were passable. The mac and cheese, I'll give, was quite tasty. Don't think I'll be back. Lot's of other bbq places in the Valley to try.
4	My family loves this place.  Being from Texas we are picky about our BBQ but since we are not in Texas any longer, Joe's is a great substitute.  Very close to Texas BBQ and we love the down home dining experience.  Almost feels like home...almost!  If you like BBQ and don't mind somewhat of a wait, it's worth the trip.  I usually split the sampler with one of my boys and it is plenty of food.  My wife says the ribs are excellent!
3	The ribs were excellent.  The brisket was just ok.  Their sides were good as welll.   This place was good and above average for a barbeque spot.
3	Maybe I went on an "off" day; the food was okay but nothing amazing.  I liked the setup, service and the outside was pretty cool but I couldn't get in to the food. I had the combo platter so when I take my wife, because she still wants to try it, I'll try something else.
4	Took the wifey for lunch. Place got busy right away.  Food is good and line moved fast.
2	The experience is fun, nice for kids to play outside by picnic tables.  The food just does not impress me at all.  It is edible and tastes okay but there is no wow factor at all.  I think we watch the food channel too much and I am hoping for a really amazing BBQ experience.
2	I would give them three stars if they had appropriate line length and appropriate customer appraisal. I was excited to try out this place because of high reviews and because its sister restaurant was featured at the Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. Unfortunately, it is not that great. BBQ pork was tasty. Brisket was mediocre. Temperature of food was inconsistent: some barely warm and some semi-hot.Will I come back? No, thank you.
2	Disappointed.. heard so much about Joe's Real BBQ but it really didnt meet its expected reputation of fine BBQ eating. Far from it. Our BBQ was actually dry. The special homemade ice tea was terrible very bitter. The long wait in line was definitely not worth it. After being in line for 30 min and being rushed thru cafe style ordering process,  the food was a disappointing average at best.. Eating indoors or outdoors is not very comfortable in either case. Indoors there is always a long line down the middle of the indoor eating area. Very hectic and noisey always. Outside is hard picnic tables which are very uncomfortable. We wont be back. Very overrated and pricey.
4	My wife is not a fan of BBQ, so I only get so many chances to get to this kind of joint.  I love to use Yelp to find the best around, and this place did not disappoint.  I really like to try all the menu items, so I usually order a "sampler" platter to get an idea.  Good thing the BBQ sampler plate was on the menu!  3/4 pounds of ribs, chicken, pork and beef came with this item, along with a side of pit beans and cole slaw.  Every meat item was very good.  My favorite was the ribs, which just fell off the bone, so very tender!  The cole slaw was a little bland for my tastes, but he pit beans were excellent, with just as much meat in it as there was beans.  Very filling meal.I can't wait to go back again and get the ribs, and try some of the other sides.  Oh, and the homemade root beer was fairly good, but not my favorite.
5	This place is printing money and rightfully so. They simply do a bang up job. Best BBQ in AZ.
5	The ribs are perfectly smoked and the sauce is sweet and spicy. The hot links are delicious as is the beef chopped brisket. The beans are the best and the Mac and cheese is very tasty. The homemade root beer is delightful.
3	I started to come here for diner on the 11th but that didn't work out since half of Gilbert was either inside the restaurant or waiting outside trying to get in.  Ended up coming back today for lunch.We ordered the brisket, pulled pork and pulled pork sandwich.  The sides were cole slaw and potato salad.Pulled pork was pretty decent as was the cole slaw.  Brisket was adequate.  Potato salad was an odd almost orange color.We also had two sodas.  I'm not sure the soda machine could have been placed in a worse location if they tried.  The restaurant is set up in a cafeteria line set up (not one of my favorite food service methods) and the soda machine is just before the food line.  As long as you're going through the food line...no problem.  If you're trying to get a refill, you have to swim upstream against all the people in the food line.  There's a sign in the place that says they've been open since 1998.  I'd think that in that time some one would have realized the soda machine placement was  a non starter.Overall the place was ok, but I would have been REEEEEAAAAALLLLL unhappy if I would have waited in line on the 11th...it's just not worth that type of wait.
3	You know, I really respect this Joe person for his philosophy and contributions to Gilbert, but strictly speaking to the food, Joe's BBQ just isn't great. First, I'm kind of disgusted by the cafeteria presentation. Generally speaking, I don't have a problem with cafeteria style BBQ places, but at Joe's, the line is never clean looking and I feel like a pig lining up a trough.On top of that, I just don't think the BBQ is good... I've had the pulled pork, the chicken breast and the sliced brisket and while they were all fine, it just wasn't anything memorable. The sauce too is just uninspired. On a positive note, I really liked the homemade root beer!
4	Our go to BBQ place. Cafeteria style and when busy, it's hard to find tables. Other than that, great food, great prices, great people. An AZ tradition.Some of my favorites include the ham and turkey combo plate, beans (not just beans but also meat), the buttery corn, the mac and cheese (such a guilty pleasure) and the homemade apple sauce.  Really, you can't go too wrong with anything from Joe's.  It's good stuff!
5	We came across this place while on vacation and decided to try it out. We had a little bit of a wait in line to order at the counter. Luckily we weren't starving so it wasn't an issue. There were a lot of great BBQ options to choose from. I had the meat plate with mac and cheese, and did the chicken breast. It was really flavorful and a lot of food! My boyfriend had the meat sampler, which he really liked because he got a little bit of everything, with the cheesy potatoes side. We sat outside, which was a nice outdoor dining area and very enjoyable. We would definitely go back again. The service was fast and friendly despite waiting in a long line. The Manager or Owner (not sure which) even came around talking to everyone dining making sure everything tasted good and was super friendly.
5	Long line, great BBQ.  I love this place. It's definitely worth the wait and always nice to support good, local restaurants.  Their BBQ was well cooked and had a nice mild smoke ( pecan??).  Their sides were tasty and filling.  I recommend a root beer float or a slice of the sweet potato pie for dessert.
4	Great place to go for BBQ if you have lots of kids.  The food is good and they have an open grassy area (the grass is still trying to come on this last visit).  We had a good time and it was an easy place for multiple families to enjoy and informal meal.
5	Eating here now and I must say it is really good.   I'm really picky about my bbq and this for sure in my top two places to go.  Great atmosphere and service is good.  I will for sure be coming back
5	Yum! Beef Brisket & Pulled Pork are my two top picks! Ribs were a bit more firm than I prefer. Chicken was moist & flavorful as well.My far my favorite item here are the Baked Beans w/smokey pork chunks!
4	The spouse and I live close so we decided to try it out with all the great reviews we've heard. Okay- so the whole, "get in line and get your own food in a cafeteria line" is lame. I personally am not fond of it.  I go out to eat to order and SIT. That's my only complaint.  They had some Barq's red creme soda on fountain tap and I never drink pop so clearly- it blew my mind and was amazing. That was good. Then we decided to get the sampler plate and loaded baked potato with chicken.  The sides we ordered was Mac n' cheese and also- a crowd-pleaser to the taste buds.  The sampler has ribs, and brisket. The brisket is worthy of ordering alone.  The bbq sauces are all tasty also.  I will forever order the baked potato with chicken as my entree because it was so delicious.  There are picnic tables outside to eat on and we loved the casual vibe with kids running around. A tad pricey- but that's bbq prices everywhere.
5	I love Joe's Real BBQ! As soon as you sink your teeth into any one of the tasty meats you can taste the pecan wood smoke flavor!!! I have yet to get something here that I didn't like. Do yourself a favor and get the three meat sampler and some cheesy potatoes and your belly will love you!! the service is awesome as well!! always a friendly smile when you go in!
5	Make any food healthy, specially tasty food! I always go for 1/2 of brisket with a salad, BBQ hot sauce as dressing, and baked beans on top! I skip the bread to keep it clean...but it is so good! Calories are still high because of my portions but I am ok with that ; ) enjoy!
5	What can you say about Joe's BBQ other than it's the best BBQ in Arizona and better than 99% of places in the US.  Joe's is in a old brick building in downtown Gilbert and just accept that it'll be crowded no matter if it's lunch or dinner Ive seen the line go outside and down the sidewalk on ,amy occasions.   And it's well worth the wait trust me on this.  Pulled Pork, Brisket, Chicken, Sausage, Beef sliced and ground if you can Bbq it it's here.  Add amazing wood smoke flavoring a hot spicy sauce thats wonderful and you've got BBQ Nirvana.   Like baked potatoes well get ready they have baked potatoes that look like footballs with the logos sanded off.  There baked to perfection and come with BBQ or plain.   Plain here means Butter, Sour cream, Chives, Cheese all on the side to make your own but you can't go wrong.   all the side are great and fresh and they even make there own Root beer and Cream Soda.   And for desert the lemon cake is hard to beat.    I'm lucky to live so close last time I was there the guy behind me was from Glendale a good 40 mite drive he said he does probably twice a month and I'm not surprised.
4	Come for the barbeque, stay for all the rest -- this is an old-fashioned joint, cafeteria-style lineup but with a LOT more charm. The BBQ is the star of the show here -- I had the sliced beef brisket and the pulled pork, both of which were superb. The ribs looked great as well. My side of coleslaw had a touch of fennel to it, and while I don't normally like fennel it wasn't overwhelming and I found myself eating it all.Now, theoretically you could eat healthy/paleo here -- stick to the meats and veggies and iced tea -- but why would you, when there's fresh hot cornbread with honey butter? And root beer cake? And a bourbon-blueberry cheesecake? And the rare-but-delicious Barq's red cream soda on fountain? We fell victim to all of the above, and I don't regret it one bit. I'll be recommending Joe's for sure.
4	Amazing BBQ. Only problems are they have the drink refill stations in a very inconvenient place and the prices are pretty high.
3	Fits the bbq needs but is not worth the prices for a family. $2.50 for a non-refillable soda when the food is on the overpriced side was a little much. We'll stick to coming here on out birthday when you get $10 off. That makes it about right.
5	I'm from MS and just moved here from TX, so I know BBQ. This place feels like home and- not that I'll tell me grandma this- tastes even better. Will definitely be returning here.
2	I debated going with 3 stars, but settled on two since 3 is supposed to mean "A-OK".  First, the good things:1) great homemade rootbeer and rootbeer floats, with 25 cent refills2) Set up to handle large group events3) Free/discounted meal on your birthday.4) The smell of the pecan smokers is amazing.5) The staff was very friendlyUnfortunately, the food is not so great.  We were 2 couples, both of whom are serious BBQ lovers.  I cure my own ham and bacon, make my own sausages, and smoke not only meats but also cheeses and other items.  And since Seattle isn't exactly a BBQ mecca, we make a point of trying as much BBQ as possible on our yearly visits to Phoenix.  We've found several great places here, but Joe's won't warrant a return visit.Bruce and I each had the sampler plate, my wife Kim had the two item plate with turkey and pulled pork, and Steph had the two item plate with chicken and the jalapeno sausage.  For side dishes we had beans, cheesy potatoes, and mac-n-cheese.- brisket, pork and ribs were all overcooked and slightly dry.- the sausage was OK, but nothing to write home about- the chicken was the best of the meats, moist and tasty, but not particularly smoky- the side dishes were mediocre, and most went unfinished.  Of them, the corn (plain kernel corn) was OK, and the beans were pretty good.- the rootbeer cake was dry and unmemorable, perhaps because the slices are precut and sitting out in the dry air on the cafeteria style serving line.So if you are in Mesa/Gilbert and looking for quick BBQ, you can get a decent sized serving at a fair price here, but you'll be unlikely to be wowed by the food.  If you really love BBQ, consider hopping back in the car and driving to Bobby Q, Texas BBQ House, or even Rudy's, all of whom do an amazing job of delivering fresh, moist meats with a great smoke flavor.
5	Joes is my favorite BBQ in the valley. I have catered my sons bday party from JRB the last 2 years and all my guests have raved about how good the food is. Feel lucky to have a such a great place close by to home!
5	This place is to DIE for with BBQ. I have eaten at a ton of BBQ joints all across the USA including some of the best in the west in Texas and this place is at the too with BBQ. You will not be disappointed and the price is great as well.
5	My FAVORITE BBQ place in the state of Arizona!!! I order the pulled pork sandwich every single time with a side of homemade cheesy Mac and cheese with cheez-it crumbs sprinkled on top....it's to die for!!! OMG and for desert, their chocolate chip cookies are so warm and soft, it melts in your mouth....agh so good!!! The service is awesome too, everyone is very attentive and friendly! The food is served like a school cafeteria style, it's fun! I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for GOOD food!! Just be sure to get there a little bit earlier than "dinner time" or "lunchtime" cause it gets busy!!! The line will be all the way out the door sometimes!
4	We had take out here tonight, we eat here every time my parents are in town. The Mac and cheese is probably everyone's favorite and no matter what meat you get you won't be disappointed. I love all three of Joe's restaurants. If you are ever here on a Saturday night the line loops around the building but don't freak out it moves quick. If you are a lemon cake person don't pass it up, it is fabulous. And if it's your birthday let them know, you get $10 in food!
5	I have to say that these are the best ribs and brisket that I have ever had! It's definitely worth the drive from where I live.
5	My all-time favorite BBQ joint. I could eat their pulled pork sandwich every day! I also love the Mac and Cheese. We always take advantage of the $10 free birthday meal, especially since my husband goes crazy for the lemon cake.
5	The best in AZ!!
5	I moved to Seattle 5 years ago but travel to AZ twice a year to visit family. During my visits a trip to Joe's is a top priority! This is my family's go to for birthday celebrations and I miss it dearly!
4	I've lived in Gilbert 15 years, and everyone kept pointing to Joe's and telling me that this is where the real food is.  The long lines running out the door seemed a ringing endorsement, but also kept me out of the joint for awhile.  A friend came in from out-of-town and we agreed to meet there at opening.  Between our three families, we had 13 kids to satisfy.  We snagged a long table that I'm glad was available and got in line, which was already starting to form.  I grabbed a tray and immediately realized I was not going to be able to get more than three kids meals at a time.  The drink fountain features a good selection of products, including hand-made root-beer.  Fantastic for the kids.  The orders were flying, and at first I was concerned but quickly realized that the crew at Joe's works like the finely tuned John Deere tractor  that graced the cafeteria style dining room.  The plates were big and well filled, and a bit of a challenge to get situated on the tray I had, but I quickly paid and was off to the table to drop the food and return for food for my wife and I.  The line was starting to get a bit longer, but it was worth the wait.  The brisket and pork I had were unbeatable.  There were a couple of sauces available, along with a condiment bar, but honestly I needed neither.  I quickly scarfed my food, chugged my root beer, and realized the one failing Joe's has.  I wanted a refill for my soda, and I wanted dessert for the kids....but the line at this point was up to the door and growing.  I couldn't see a way to politely get to the soda fountain, so instead, we went our way, incredibly full but slightly thirsty.  If you don't mind crowds, this place is awesome.  They have a side window for picking up food that seems to be a sort of secret operation...so if you want to dodge the crowds I'd get it to go and feast at home.  If you're a BBQ-phile, check out the smokers on the north side of the building.  They are a wonder to behold.
3	I am giving it a 3 because the atmosphere made up for the food. I enjoyed the small town feel and the way it showcased old west arizona.  I enjoyed the old country music playing.  Now for the food. It was alright.  The reviews here made it sound better than it was. I enjoyed the mac and cheese and the cheesy potatoes. I also enjoyed the root beer a lot. The meat was so so. The chicken was dry but had a good flavor. The ribs were good. It was pretty mediocre but nothing better than any chain bbq place.  I live in the west valley and wouldn't be making a special trip over here for it but if I was back over here I might try it.
2	The atmosphere and service at Joe's are great. Very sincere, likeable people. They get the sauce right, they get the sides right (in fact, Joe's pit beans are some of the best I've ever had), and they do make incredible root beer. Regrettably, there's no way I can rate their ribs "A-OK." I've had worse, but I've had MUCH better. They are overcooked to death, dried out and virtually "CANDIED" in their sauce. The pork cannot be tasted at all and has no texture, just dry mush under a hard carmelized exterior. Sort of reminds me of the babyback ribs at Ruby Tuesdays. Sorry, Joe.
4	Great food, have tried it several times Ann's haven't been disappointed.  Don't forget to order their homemade root beer
1	We decided to try based on the good reviews. This place is way overrated, they must be writing their own reviews. I def won't be coming back. We came with a group of 5 (3 kids) and spent $75 for virtually nothing. The sides were all horrible. The chicken breast was descent, but not for the money. If you want real BBQ go to Lucille's or Charleston's or better yet Texas Roadhouse. I don't know how this place stays in business. What a rip off. Customer service was horrible!
5	Joe's is the best BBQ joint in the east valley. PERIOD. If Whitney Houston had found this joint she might have become addicted to their smoking.......in lieu of what Bobby introduced her to......Go get addicted at Joe's. Wash it down with an Andre the Giant sized root beer float....
4	Me and my husband love joe's it is some of the best BBQ around. The staff is always friendly and the food is great and the owner is such a nice guy. My husband loves the hot links and the corn bread! I love the chicken and there cheesecake. I would have given it a five star but it is so busy all the time that sometimes it takes forever to get in and find a seat. But that does not stop me from going! The other is I hate the bread that comes with the food I don't know why I just do. But again does not stop me from going cause I love there food!
3	The place its self is a real neat building. Love the huge mural on the inside, the old tractor and ample space. I like the simple farm decorations. The exterior has many picnic tables for large groups with pergolas. The line to order your food, maybe because it was my first time, was hard to find. After wondering around we found it. The service, well its ok. Kind and straight to the point. Its a cafeteria line.I ordered the turkey jalapeno sausage, it was dry with no real character of flavor.  The hot and spicy sauce was not hot nor spicy. The pickle bar was pretty good and I enjoyed the water melon.Price was ok. About $13 for a one meat dish with one side and drink.
4	The food was brilliant and the best we have had since our move from Alabama!! First time coming here so I got the BBQ Sampler. The chicken was by far the best very tender, flavorful, and moist, the second in line was the ribs they were especially great with the sweet BBQ sauce added. Third, was the pulled pork as is and fourth was the brisket. The brisket was a bit too oily for me. Of the sides we got(in order from best to the least favorite) BBQ pit beans, cheesy potatoes, coleslaw, mac n cheese, and potato salad. The coleslaw has a great apple after taste. The homemade root beer is real sweet almost tastes like a cream soda. Overall it was a great experience, long lines but they move quickly only drawback is if you want a refill on your drink you have to either stand in line again or be rude and push your way through the people waiting to order.
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said?  I had the "sampler" plate that includes ribs, chicken and brisket and let me tell you every bite just melted in my mouth.  It was my daughter's birthday so she got $10 off her meal which was almost the cost of hers. The homemade root beer is to die for- not like any bottled brand and the kids plate was more than enough food. You're missing a great meal if you skip Joe's!
2	To be totally honest, I wasn't really impressed with Joe's. That's a sad thing to say because it's pretty much a Gilbert staple. The pecan smoke flavor was okay, but I thought the sauce was very very runny and not to my taste. The other major issue that I had was the way that the soda fountain was set up. During busy times you weren't able to get refills without pushing past what seems like 100 people. I've given it a few different tries, but I think I'll stick with what I know to be my taste in BBQ here in the valley.
2	I have been to Joe's many, many times.   While I didn't enjoy standing in a cafeteria line so long I was outside the door (it is Phoenix in July after all), one does expect that type of line at Joe's, so I am not rating down for that.Sadly, the food was not up to their typical quality of just a few years ago.   The ribs were dry, no moisture in there meat at all.   The macaroni and cheese was also dry.  The homemade root beer was overly "spicey", noted by all in our party who had it.There were 9 in our party.   All are long time Joe fans.   We all agreed that the food has gone down hill and was lacking.    I think Rudy's may be a better choice.It would greatly speed up the line if they would install a second beverage center somewhere in the restaurant!   People have to jimmie back into the line of people waiting for food to reach a drink refill, slows down the line.The smell of the wood smoke is pleasant.
4	Hot links are a must! The brisket can be a little dry but you can always cover it in delicious sauce.
5	Joes is always a great place to grab a bite. Love the spicy bbq I always get the sample plate. Love the brisket and chicken yum! Hands down some of the best root beer I've ever had. I would love to buy a gallon of it.  Service is always great. Friendly and quick.
5	The dark roasted chicken and pork ribs are the ones to die for. I never tasted such tender and juicy meat! And the Mac n' cheese was also another thing to die for as well haha. Definitely coming back to try their homemade root beer and sliced beef brisket yummy.
4	i dream about their BBQ sauce.im serious, straight into the viens please! damn, really my mouth is salavating while I am writing this. My favorite here is the baked potato and when im feeling really hungry I will have them top it with pulled pork. My fiance always gets the sampler platter which is a good amount of meat for what you pay for. expect a line everytime but there is always seating. the only downfall is there is no alcohol only soft drinks. It is a Gilbert staple and I recommend to anyone who is on the east side.
3	Ok BBQ,  a bit overrated but if you don't know your bbq I can see where people might rate it high. Better than Rudy's though, and I did enjoy the root beer,but do yourself a favor and head over to Little Miss BBQ, you won't look at bbq the same.
1	A lot of hype and no follow through.  The ribs were like chewing on leather.  The flow of getting your meal was not thought out well.  Have to stick to Liberty cafe, at least they do that well.
5	I'm not a big BBQ fan, but I really enjoyed this place. The ribs were delicious. I loved the selection of sides. The prices were worth all the food we ordered. The desserts looked great  but we were full. Mac & cheese was awesome. Potatoes were awesome. I'd definitely go back when craving BBQ.
5	Joe really cares about delivering great BBQ and a unique experience.  He succeeds at both.  Our favorite sides are the cheesy potatoes and the beans.  The pecan wood smoked meats are so good!
4	We had a little of everything.  Have to say the bbq chicken was a huge hit with the family. BBQ sauce was the best I've had.Mac & Cheese was the best I've had - love the extra cheesy bread crumbs on top
5	I love Joe's and their bbq sauce.  I prefer a sweeter type of bbq sauce versus a vinegary sauce so this is the perfect bbq place for me.  I find their regular sauce with the perfect amount of sweetness.  I went with the family right around dinner time and the line was almost out the door on a Thursday night.  We probably had to wait about 10-15 minutes before ordering.  We got a full slab of ribs and two sides, beans and mac and cheese.  Their beans are the best as it has the perfect amount of sweetness, beans, and good amount of bits of brisket.  The ribs were very good, but there were probably a couple of ribs that were a bit dry.  The best thing, the meal only cost less than $5 since I got a $10 credit for my birthday!  Great place for bbq if you prefer more of a sweeter sauce.
5	So much for low carb meal tonight. This place is the bomb! I personally like the whole cafeteria style: they get you in and ordered and out. Perfect. I got the chopped brisket sandwich and Mac and cheese! It is sooo delicious and I definitely recommend both! They even have an out door/window ordering place. I think I waited in line for a whopping 3 1/2 minutes
5	How did it take so long to come up with the idea of a topper? Man has truly evolved. Pecan smoked pulled pork drenched in hot BBQ sauce topped on a full pound baked potato filled to the brim with all dem fixins. Shame on you Obama.
2	Okay, I don't mind standing in line for good BBQ, but Joes doesn't have it anymore.  Portions were smaller, meet was dryer and prices were still high.  Joes was a good place to go, but they lost their tough.  Went for quantity over quality.  Eat at your own risk.
2	We wanted to try this place based on the good reviews.  The building is really cool, as well as the surrounding area.  Inside, on a Friday night, the place was packed.   The restaurant is cafeteria style and the line went from the back to the front of the restaurant.  Plenty of seating and a huge tractor inside.  We tried the homemade rootbeer, which seemed overly sweet.  I think I'll stick with Barq's.  I tried the brisket and the chicken breast.  Brisket was descent.  Chicken was terrible.  It had an odd flavor, not to my liking.  My husband  said the sausage wasn't good.  My son said his ribs weren't that good.  The beans were amazing and filled with lots of meat, so that had to be my favorite part.  Oddly, the bread and the cheesy potatoes both had jalapenos in them, so both of the kids wouldn't eat either one.  The best part for my 5 yr. old was the chocolate chip cookie that came with his meal.  Probably won't be back with the family.  I was actually disappointed that most of the actual BBQ didn't taste that great.
4	Joe's has a great atmosphere and is good to bring my kids.  I like the outdoor eating option and the area for kids to be able to get up and walk around.Food is very good.  The best plates I have had are the ribs, pulled pork and chopped brisket. Sides are pretty good,  The beans are the best option with the mac n cheese a close second.  The setup makes it a little challenging to get drink refills.  The biggest issue is if you get a water.  With the small cup they give you, it is a pain to get to the drink area and get more water.Overall it is a great place to eat and very reasonably priced.
4	Overall we love Joe's.  This is the first time for doing birthday meals for my husband and son, who share the same birthday, so they each got $10 to spend.  What I didn't know (because I didn't know to ask) was that I thought we were using it on a full slab or ribs, which was $18 and an extra side, another $1.29, which would have been close to $20.  We bought 2 additional sides at $2.49 each and I thought we would be paying a little over $4 in the end.  We didn't.  I paid almost $10.Since we were going to Liberty Market to get dessert, I paid the $9.xx and then said we'd come back to get the food, since there was a line and I didn't want to hold it up.When we came back to pick up our food, I asked the Take Out cashier why it was $9.xx as I expected it to be less.  She said they only take the $10 off per entree or meal and you can't combine.I wish I would have known that and she would have told me.  It was apparent that I didn't know.  So what they did was take the $10 off the $18, so then I paid the $9.xx difference.  Then, the other sides, went on a different order, which was around $6.  So, nothing to pay there.  We wanted the full $10 off so we got some extra meat and it was really hardly anything.  I guess 1/4 lb is really almost nothing in terms of a brisket, which was $4.79.  From there, I paid another $1.14.Not that I minded paying the $11 extra we had to pay, but when I pay for something, I want to know that that is what I'm paying for.  She had to get the manager's approval on adding the meat to the 2nd order.  I just wish the cashier would have explained it to me initially so I could have ordered differently.  She did ask me after she told me, which was when I came back to pick up the order if I wanted to delete the order and start over.  When I went up to the window a 2nd time, I was the only one and I was there what seemed like awhile and now the big line was forming again for the take out.  So, I felt a little embarrassed I was taking so long, so I said that I would keep my order.The only 2 reasons why I rated this 4 instead of 5 were they didn't tell you upfront that the $10 needs to be on separate orders/meals.   I'll do that next time.  And the manager didn't seem so friendly.  The cashier was fine, but I didn't get her name.Thanks Joe's for the free $20 worth of food.
5	Heaven marinated in BBQ sauce! Efficient, cafeteria service line. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable. Plenty of places to sit inside or out while you take in the history of Gilbert farming.I highly recommend the pulled pork, brisket and mac&cheese. Super delicious and will leave you more than full!
4	This restaurant is outside the security check point. Recommend Brisket and mac&cheese.
5	More than a year since my last review, and they're still doing it right. Best pulled pork anywhere. At least I haven't found better. I see why they were top 10 in a national rating not long ago.  Pecan smoked meats, and killer sides. Especially the beans.  Homemade root beer and lemonade, and their fountain has red cream soda (alas, not homemade).  Beef pork, chicken, "bakers", beans, potato salad, mac and cheese, and a few different desserts.They don't do it fancy here but they do it well.  If you want BBQ, this is the place to go.  Hands down, no question, no contest.When the weather is nice they even have outdoor seating.
5	Yes the line is long however is the best place for ribs anywhere in arizona barbeque pork absolutely worth it we usually use the take out window we call in the food ready in about 15 minutes its a half a slab pulled pork sandwich all excellent great size great place to bring people from out of town it is by far the best place I know in Arizona right now to get  great barbecue
4	First of all, I feel like I need to explain why I didn't give this place 5 stars. The mac'n'cheese was bland. That's all. I had the beef brisket sandwich with corn and mac'n'cheese. The beef was delicious, nearly falling apart on it's own. During dinner we were discussing how to rank this place. It's a super casual environment with ordering done cafeteria style which I imagine to be cumbersome with large families or those with smaller children. On the bright side, there's a John Deere tractor in there, so the kids were all super interested in that. I highly recommend this place although I feel it's probably more popular/appropriate for lunch instead of dinner.
5	Must have: stuffed baker with chopped brisket and root beer. Great food and friendly staff!
2	ASTHMA WARNING: I am sad to say out of all of the Joe's places in town this is the only one that I will not be back to. My family and I had been wanting to try this place every since we first tried the terrific Ribs and Waffles at Joe's farm Grill.  We stopped by for lunch one Saturday in March or April. We were early and there was no wait  so you would expect everything to be fresh, but the mac and cheese was pretty dry and tasteless. I am sure we got a bad batch because so many people seem to like this dish. But the meat was great. I love meat so this was the most important thing to me, but I can't speak for my son. He was a little sad about the mac and cheese. Anyway the problem was the smoke in the restroom. I am not sure if it is always like that day or not, but I had a severe asthma attack in the restroom because the smoker seemed to be venting right into the ladies room. I didn't have an inhaler with me because I hadn't been having asthma. I had to rush to my car, not running because I already couldn't breath, praying that there would be one of my inhalers there. I didn't even even stop at the table to tell my husband what happened. I just left. Luckily there was an inhaler in the car but I wont be back to find out about the mac and cheese situation. I just would strongly advise going into the restrooms if you do have any lung problems.I do love the whole concept and the family friendly theme though. So eat at the Farm Grill or Liberty Market if you want Joe's quality in a lung safe environment.
2	I frequent the Joe's in Gilbert. The one at the airport was not even in the same universe as the original. The macaroni was stale (at lunch time.) The chicken was rubbery and the bun looked like a McDonald's bun. I ate about a quarter of this and left the rest. After having hundreds of great meals in old town Gilbert, I am saddened that the airport location didn't even remotely stack up. Waste of $11.
4	Moving to the Gilbert area, I scouted the downtown area with some hope that I would find some good food. Thankfully, I read about Joe's Real BBQ, checked it out, and continue to visit every chance I get.
5	I can always count on joes BBQ to be consistent in taste, temperature, and price. I am never disappointed and I love that their staff all seems so happy to be at work. The cashier has been the same one since I first discovered this place about 8 years ago, which says a lot. I eat here and I use them to cater parties at my house a few times a year. Perfect for large groups with a varying demographic of picky eaters, kids, and even the hard to please complainers. Everyone always loves Joe's!
4	Food:  Extremely good.  Great pulled pork and about the most tender brisket I've had. Be sure to try both types of bbq sauce... the 'IDAREYOU' sauce is hot but not quite as hot as one would expect from the name... most people should be able to take it and IMO the best is probably a mix of the two sauces they offer.  Side dishes were a bit mixed... mac n cheese was flat out the best I've ever had (hope you're not on a diet for that one) and the beans were the best and most unique I've had at ANY BBQ joint (chunks of meat, peppers, and three different kinds of beans in a smokey hot mess that made me feel like a chain-smoker trying to quit when I was deciding whether or not to go and get a second helping of it...).  They are both a must try.  Cole slaw and potato salad were both a pretty big miss from my perspective, no bite in the cole slaw (we actually took some home and added some vinegar and then it was right proper) and the potato salad was also bland (it actually had an interesting spice that I had not had in potato salad before, but just not nearly enough of it.  We also had the root beer float as a shared dessert and that was fantastic.Ambiance:  Minimal.  Cafeteria-style eating.Service:  Employees were nice enough but totally busy.  Given that not much service is expected, this wasn't much of a big deal.  Food is prepped to-order and takes about two mintues from when you order it in the line.  When we were there a rather intimidating line of over 20 people disappeared in about 10 minutes.Prices:  Average.  Probably $12-$14/person.Net:  If love good BBQ and are from the area, you've GOT to try this place.  The meats are melt-in-your-mouth good, and the mac n chese and beans are must-haves.   The couple of misses on the other sides and the near-warehouse style eatery sway this from 5 to 4 stars, but if you don't care about those things, you can go there and have a fantastic meal.
2	Drove nearly 45 min to get here and we were greatly disappointed that we did. I am a big BBQ fan and this was underwhelming. The food was ok, portions were small, it was pricey, and the service was bad. We got in line and carefully planned what we were going to get for us and our kiddos. It was finally our turn to order and they were out of almost everything we asked for. We watched them haul off several trays of food for catering - guess it impeded their ability to maintain their supply in the restaurant. We ended up with several items we didn't really want. The young girl manning the counter was inattentive, easily distracted by her fellow co-workers and unapologetic for being out of stuff. We finally got our food and headed for a table - but they were all dirty. We ended up finding the least dirty table and cleaning it off ourselves. I am not a fan and needless to say we will not be stopping in again.
5	One of our favorite places to eat! Fun atmosphere for the kids and consistently delicious food. Somewhat expensive, but not outrageous. I can't say enough good things about Joe's BBQ! My mouth is watering just thinking about this place! Mmmmm!
4	When my brother took us here I was not expecting much, cause hey coming from Texas, I was not expecting much from an Arizona BBQ joint.  But I was surprised in a good way by Joes.  The ribs were fall of the bone tender and had great flavor.  The mac and cheese ok, the bbq beans were amazing. I wish I would have got the cole slaw too, it looked good.  Wash it down with their homemade root beer or Barq's red cream soda for a good pre-diabetic episode :)  Don't get dessert--the sweet potato pie was made with a graham cracker crust---ugh.
4	Joe's real barbeque is the place to be for your birthday. Our family always celebrate birthdays, because the birthday person always gets a free meal.
5	Went here on Sat and it was FANTASTIC!!!  Best brisket we've ever had.  Tender, great smoke ring, not too fatty and excellent sauce.  The mac & cheese and potato salad were great, too.  The bread would've been better if it was toasted.  We'll be back!!
5	If you want to know what heaven taste like. This is the place to go. Best BBQ I have ever had. My family drives about 20 minutes  to go get this BBQ and we will never stop. I have been coming to this place since I was a kid. Great food. Never had better BBQ then this place. Super great for kids too. Big lawn area for the kids to run around and enjoy the BBQ they just ate.
5	I've been eating here since the 1990's and still can't find any better BBQ.  Need I say more?
2	Ribs were good, chicken was good, mac n cheese was a joke, and bread was not good. Tried the "homemade root beer" that was 2.29, Not Good! Actually traded it for something else. My daughter tried the bbq sandwich. She couldn't eat it. We were Very disappointed. We passed on dessert because it didn't look appetizing. Im glad we did. Im sure we would've been disappointed by it too. Won't be returning here.
5	Excellent bbq, I consider myself a expert as I lived in Kansas City for 4 years. You will love it.
3	We went by Joe's after a busy day and had a big appetite. The restaurant was pretty packed so we were really excited to get our food. It's set up cafeteria style inside, so you can walk through the line and order your main meal & sides.I ordered the BBQ Chicken Sandwich with the Cheesy Potatoes and Mac & Cheese. The Cheesy Potatoes tasted very similar to the Mac & Cheese so I was a little bit disappointed. I guess since the food sits there while people go through the line, the sides were lukewarm. The BBQ Chicken was decent, but nothing spectacular. I did like their BBQ sauce, however, so we may go back in the future.
4	Joe's is some of the best authentic BBQ I've found in Arizona! Very good food. I usually get the chopped brisket which is literally the best I've had. The sausage links and pulled pork are also great! As far as sides go the beans kind of disappointed me. This was quickly overshadowed by the amazing mac and cheese and coleslaw. They finish off the mac and cheese with a cheez-it crumble on top which is amazing!  The homemade root beer is also great. only knock on Joe's is that the lien can get crazy out the door long on weekends. I went on a Saturday night and my girlfriend and I were waiting in line for a good 20 minutes to order.  Otherwise I have never run into a line, even at noon on weekdays. Definitely give Joe's a shot and enjoy the BBQ and homemade sauces!
5	Great place for BBQ for lunch. Served cafe style. Home made root beer on tap. Sausage was a little dry but the ribs and brisket are awesome. Parking is around back and the seating is large so you always have a table.
5	Best BBQ I have had by far and the homemade root beer is amazing. I'll definitely be coming back. Friendly staff also. Relaxing atmosphere and old style feel. Awesome overall experience. If you happen to be in Gilbert Arizona definitely don't forget to stop by this place.
5	Totally love Joe's BBQ. I was there for lunch a couple of days ago and had the combination platter, it was the BOMB I think that this plate should be on everyone's bucket list. The Brisket was tender and moist, the ribs were great and the chicken and pulled pork were excellent. I'm getting hungry right now just thinking about it.They have a great spicy BBQ sauce that I smother my Q' in. Great stuff!
4	Yummy Yummy.  Always a good time at Joes.  Family friendly, wonderful food served cafeteria style as you go through the line. A must visit for Gilbert.
5	Usually get joes Togo this was my first time eating in and it still was amazing. I recommend the chopped brisket! Dont let the long line scare you away it goes by fairly quick.
4	This food was fantastic! The line was a tad long, and for someone with a hip issue, that part was not enjoyable. Normally my husband would have just ordered for me, but since this was our first time there, I wanted to see everything and choose what I wanted from there. I ordered just the baked potato, and the thing was HUGE!! I was told you can ask for as much toppings as you wanted, but I just let them do their thing. I next time I'll as for more sour cream and butter =)My husband had a pulled pork sandwich. He had said that he would have liked more sauce on it, and instead of getting just a side of sauce, he would bring his whole sandwich up to the sauce.Over all, it was delicious, but I would have liked to know how it worked before we had gone. maybe this will help future newbies when they go. also.... bring someone who know what they want, and order it for them while they go and steal a table as soon as they can. It gets super busy for dinner!!!
2	Really wanted to love this place. Great location, excellent service, and nice atmosphere. The food is just okay.Brisket was sort of dry, and served chopped and sauced. Pulled pork had very little flavor to it, same thing with the Chicken breast. Coleslaw didn't have much seasoning to it. The baked beans were decent. The potato salad was tasty.Maybe I'm a BBQ snob because I've had some excellent options in other cities I've lived in. I don't think I'd go back.
4	Came here for my free birthday meal up to $10 value.  Anything over $10, you just pay the differences.  Make sure you show your Photo ID when ordering and it's only available on the day of your birthday, not before nor after.I got the sampler plus 2 sides.  Good flavor everything, and the sides are delicious as well.  Make sure you go early as one of the sampler I want ran out so they substitute another choice for me.  You can either order from the side walk or go into the store, same service and very friendly.
2	This place was supremely disappointing. The water smells like a fish tank. The brisket was so salty it was inedible. The pulled pork was so overcooked there was no more discernible meat texture left, it was just pure mush. The plates are served with a really weird, soggy, very strongly rosemary herb bread, which might have been ok if it wasn't served soggy. And the prices were pretty high for what you get... For $15+ a plate I would expect an edible dish. I would have gone one star, but I'll include the extra one because the outside seating is really quaint and enjoyable.
1	Been here several times and loved the food and service. I had weight loss surgery a year ago and my wife wanted to come up for some BBQ. I ordered the kids rib, as I can't eat larger portions anymore. They refused my order. I've never been refused a kids portion before ever. I was floored. We asked for the manager; he stated that the owners will not honor kids portions to anyone over 12. We will not be back. It's unfortunate as we liked this place. Side note: the cashier, Florrencia, was completely rude about the whole thing. Managers name was Bill. Bill stated that they lose money on Kids meals. They are 6 bucks. 2 less than a regular meal. I'm sure they don't lose money. I'm sure this review won't matter to them as this place is always busy. Just wanted to speak up about it.
3	I really wanted to like it!  I've been on the hunt for good bbq in Arizona... and I figured I love Joe's Farm Grill, why wouldn't i love their BBQ place?Nope.  I didn't love it.  Truth be told... It broke my heart.  Ok.  So my expectations were kinda high.  I was raised in Kansas City so I feel like BBQ sauce runs through my veins.  I'm obsessed.  But when I tried the pulled pork, it was so dry... even after i coated it in sauce, it was still dry.  How is that possible??  The brisket... super dry & a little cold.  WHAT!I liked the decor.  I liked the atmosphere.  But the food was just so mediocre that I just don't know... I feel bad for Arizona people who think that this is a BBQ god-send.  I really want to like this place so I'm going to give it another chance.  I'm hoping things will be different so I can update my review.  :\
4	pros: cheap, nice decor, pork had nice flavor, potato salad decent, good selection of drinks and desserts, outdoor seating cons: beef dry, chicken very dry, ribs small (St. Louis style), no bottles of sauce on table? strange, couple of the workers may need some training in customer servicei would give them 3.5 stars if I could. 4 stars just because the prices are good (compared to where I'm from)
4	Wow what a great place for freakin' good BBQ. When you walk in to Joe's you might think you are in a woodland area where the beasts of the forest are having a meat smoking and grilling festival because the place looks crazy, like it's built out of trees and it's all decorated for halloween or christmas or whatever season it is, but nope - you're just in Joe's REAL BBQ, and I can promise you first hand that THE BBQ IS ACTUALLY REAL, LET THERE BE NO DOUBT.The service here is good, and they are friendly enough, and you can see all of the food which tempts the mind and taste buds, and if you're like me, you're going to end up ordering almost everything because it all looks so good.The one down-side to this place is it's not always the cleanest joint, like sometimes you'll want to sit at a table but then you'll say "Oh buddy, wait - not this one, because it looks like someone else just ate here and I don't want to get some other person's BBQ sauce on my arms." but you can just go to another table. It's not like it's unsanitary or anything.This place is right across the street from another incredible BBQ joint: Rudy's. Which one is better? Here's how I decide:Do you want the focus of your meal to be the delicious meats? Go to Rudy's.Do you want the focus of your meal to be the delicious sides? Go to Joe's.I'm not saying either place doesn't have good meats or sides, but Joe's wins the sides contest, and Rudy's wins the plain ol' meat contest. Heck, these places are so close you could probably just walk across the street and get the best of both. I am honestly surprised that these two places have not gotten into more of a bitter competition. In my youth I was involved in a similar situation where several young people lost their lives due to the BBQ war that occurred, so I guess it is for the best that you choose one place or the other, and not tempt fate by visiting both.
4	The BBQ here is pretty amazing. One of the best Arizona has to offer that's for sure. You'll be satisfied with anything that you order here. I only come here once or twice a year though, and only when they offer the sweet potato with cinnamon butter. They offer it during the first week of November I believe, and it's definitely worth it. The potato is HUGE and delicious. Service has always been excellent.
5	The food is great! The make their own root beer. All the meat is good, but the pork ribs, pull pork and the sliced brisket are GREAT!!! Lines can get out the door. They have a to go window on the outside. Portions are small and the price slightly higher, but great taste.
5	Wish the star system went higher.  I LOVE this place.  We bring all of our out of town guests here.  This is serious barbeque.  Our 7 yr old eats an entire rack of ribs by himself.  We have to fight to get even one away from him.  Joe's makes their own rootbeer and lemonade and their lemon cake is to die for. This is real food, come hungry.
5	Meats were delicious. Yummy! The rootbeer wasn't my favorite but we weren't there for the root beer.
