3	You know how Costco brands are like real clothes but without any kind of flair or frills? I mean, they seem nice... they just aren't nice. They are called Kirkland, right? I think Harrah's is the Kirkland Hotel for everyone that wants to stay in Vegas without shelling out for the Venetian or the Wynn.
4	I got hooked up with a suite with a nice view overlooking the Strip. I'm sure it's not as fancy as the Bellagio or the Venetian, but I wasn't planning on spending my whole weekend indoors anyway. No hype, no frills, just straight forward. You're only going to be in your room to shower and store your baggages anyway, right? If so, this is the place to stay.  It's located right across from Caesar's Palace and next to the Venetian. Great location without the overpriced rates.
3	yea, this place is pretty no frills, but it's hard to complain when the room is free.  room was clean and fairly comfortable.  not a bad location on the strip either.
2	I just found out that Harrah's is the largest hotel/casino operator in the world.  I am completely amazed.  I have been to several of the Harrah's locations and never, ever thought they would be the biggest.  Based on the level of service, they are just "ok".Spend your dollars elsewhere.
4	Now this review is based on the rooms.  Some girlfriends and I stayed here last summer and our rooms had been recently remodeled.  It was pleasantly surprising to not see a glammed Mardi Gras explosion in the rooms.  Very well chosen colors and pieces.
3	Decent clean rooms...I spent a weekend here after a full business week at the Venetian.  It's not fair to compare this hotel to it's fancier neighbors.  The room I had was not updated.  It did however have a view of the strip and the pool.  The lack of luxury, refinement and decor may be intentional in order to get you out of the rooms and into the action downstairs.I've also stayed at the Harrah's RENO (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/arjkq9xxhTjwmncEsXNRmQ?hrid=iIHlVDcjq2I8V7mghTvt1Q ).  The Reno property rooms in the West Tower feel like the "W Hotel" - cool, chic, and modern.  The Harrah's Vegas felt like a retro 80's style Holiday Inn.3 Stars for the central location, clean rooms, and great service...
4	BIG MONEY....  Every time I play the dollar slots here I win big... well sorta big ~$300 or more.  The casino decor isn't that great, and the bar outside is annoying, but it looks so much better after I pull that wad of money from the machine.
3	You can come to Vegas 5 times in a year and have a different trip every time.  Harrah's is great because it's in the middle of the strip and it's a bedroom to stay in.  If I wanted a resort, I wouldn't have come to vegas.
4	Great location and I love gambling at the casino. My complaints:When I checked in, I gave the girl a $20 bill asking if there were any better rooms available than a standard eluxe. She made it seem like she was putting me in a suite, and when I walked in, it was....a standard Deluxe room.Small and very, very standard.Maid service wasn't very good even though I tipped her everyday I was there...The buffet was superb, although I was too hungover to fully enjoy it.All in all, it's a solid 4 stars. I can't really complain since my room was comped, but I'd be VERY disappointed if I paid the $1200 to stay there for the week.
4	Harrah's isn't that bad of a place.  The prices are a steal ($29, if you are a Gold member), and their location is in the middle of the Strip.  You can easily access the Mirage, Venetian, and Caesar's Palace on foot.  Plus, Harrah's is one of the stops for the monorail.  The rooms aren't flashy, but they are surprisingly larger than some of their competitors.  I didn't really use any of the facilities in Harrah's besides gambling there.  I basically stayed at Harrah's to sleep and prepare myself for the next day's activities.  I would just stay here to sleep and eat and gamble somewhere else.  At $29 and at a prime location, Harrah's is a steal.
3	Harrah's is a great place to stay if you want to save some cash for gambling or shopping but still be on the strip and have access to everything.....it's across the street from Ceasars Forum Shops and Treasure Island, next to the Venitian and close to the Wynn and the Mirage.  The hotel itself is pretty outdated but the staff is extremely attentive and friendly.  If you decide to stay at Harrah's I suggest you book a room in the Mardi Gras Tower.  The rooms in this tower have recently been remodeled with nice funishings, comfortable beds, and flat screens in the bathrooms.  STAY AWAY from the rooms in the Carnival Tower-they are outdated, run-down and smelly.The pool is small and nothing special compared to the pools at the nicer casinos (but that should be expected).  When we stayed for a night last weekend it was packed and the water looked very dirty-ewww.   So, we just  decided to lay out under the misters that line the upper deck- a nice touch for those who don't want to swim but still want to  stay cool.We ordered room service late and it was reasonably priced for Vegas but the food was only so-so.  The Toby Keith bar and grill is kind of fun and the Carnival Court bar is crazy and loud-like spring break is happening there ALL THE TIME. All in all, I would recommend staying at  Harrah's but only in the remodeled rooms in the Mardi Gras tower.  It is a good value for the price and you can't beat the location on the strip!
4	While its not the flashiest or trendiest casino on the strip- I think this is one of the most fun casinos. They have reasonable minimums on the tables, great bartenders and a fun, festive atmosphere. I've ended up here almost every visit to Vegas- even when staying at places that look a lot "better". I love the piano bar, its a blast. They also have some great comedy shows. Next time I might just stay here and save myself a lot of walking!
4	This is the best place to stay if you're wanting to stay near the center of the strip but not wanting to fork out a couple hundred bucks a night to do it.  The rooms were clean and tidy.  My only complaint was that I was certain there would be a fridge to store ice and other drinks, but there wasn't.The hotel is conveniently located near the monorail, which is at the back of the hotel.  This is the easiest and by far the cheapest mode of transportation to various places on the strip.The dealers in the casino were very friendly and helpful.  I had never gambled at a casino before, so the first dealer I encountered had no problem explaining the particular rules while gambling and also gave me tips on certain situations during blackjack.I will have no hesitation booking a room here the next time I go to Vegas.
3	I played my first table game (Triple Play) here. The dealer was so nice She was having a great time with us. She would even cheer when we won. When she had to leave to go to another table we were so sad but the guy that came after here was just as nice. After playing for awhile we got up to go cash out. Even the cashier was nice. Overall I had a great experience. The music was great and one of the managers even gave us beads to wear. It was truly like a party. So why only three stars???? Well the place was SUPER noisy and the drinks were disgusting. I think something was wrong with there sour mix. Yuck!
3	One of the older establishments and well worth a visit. By far, I will have to say that this hotel is my favourite for only one reason: Air Quality.All hotels have circulated air, and some have great systems that pump in and out fresh and old air at a tremendous rate, but you pay the price in moisture. I always dry up in any hotel I stay at, especially in Nevada and Utah. BUT, I experienced amazing air quality and moisture at Harrah's. Rooms are comfortable and accomodating. Nothing spectabular, but still pleasant.Other than that, this hotel is on par with what you would expact from a Las Vegas mainstay. Off the strip but still convenient, Harrah's is a great establishment with fair pricing and good food. I enjoy the breakfast buffet immensely. Fresh, clean, small selection, but great quality and flavour.Simple hotel without the whistles and bells, but drop in for a night or two. You won't be disappointed.
2	Stay away from random people asking you to hug and smell them.  You will regret it.  Very weird layout.  You have to walk past a bunch of random street vendors and a very loud outdoor bar to get in here.  I'm not a huge fan of this place.  I imagine the rates are pretty decent for that very reason.  The piano bar sounded kinda cool though.
5	Having never been to Vegas, until last year--we crashed with some friends that were staying at the Harrahs. It was  free, so there's really nothing complain about.  The rooms were nice and comfy but the casino kicks ass. I won nearly a grand on slots alone!I'll be going in Jan '08, already booked a premium room for a weekend at an astronomical low rate--it was practically comped. It does pay to register with their reward program I can't wait!!
2	FAQQ: Don't the clowns/masquerade-ball-type statues freak you out?A: Try being on the tail-end of a three day bender and wandering up the strip and looking up to see this abomination. That will freak you out.Q: Do they still have Triple Shot?A: You mean that crazy 3-in-1 game? I sure hope so. War, Blackjack, and then 5-card stud? What a brilliant game for all of us who have ADD. Always bet the Hat Trick.Q: What else is great about this place?A: I suppose it's in a prime location, otherwise, I have been way too frightened to go beyond the first row or two of tables and slots.FYI ... That Triple Shot game is a tourist trap and a scam. Don't play it and certainly don't continue to play it thinking you'll get your money back. In fact, why would even think like that? What a mistake. What a hassle. Unless you're semi-pro/pro at non-scam games.
1	the WORST. I had to spend a week in this garbage pit. we had reservations, but they put me in a smoking room, it STANK. They didn't bother to call and let me know if a non smoking room would become available. The cable channel I was watching went out, and they didn't fix it. I had to argue with them about getting a free movie since the only channel I wanted to watch wasn't working. I was there for a convention, not gambling. I just wanted to come back to my room and relax away from the crowds for a couple hours before sleeping.  I've worked in a hotel before and I wouldn't have ever treated a guest like they treated me. Will never stay in a Harrah's anywhere again, and will always recommend against Harrah's Las Vegas. I don't know how much a normal stay in Vegas is, but we paid around $144 a night.
5	I am not a high roller but I got a very nice room here at Harrah's.  I arrived early and I was allowed to check in early.  They were very hospitable.  The room was marvelous!  They have a TV even in the bathroom.  I loved this hotel / casino.  This hotel is so complete, there are not many reasons to venture outside of this hotel while in Vegas. I just loved it.  Plus, Harrah's has a regular shuttle to Rio.  If you go to Vegas, try to stay at Harrah's!
2	I went to Harrah's for a few days on the weekend following Thanksgiving, a relatively slow time.  For $55 I cannot complain, but I can see why it was so cheap.  The room had almost no light, even with the shades drawn and the lights on.  The toilet seat had a few drops of dried urine on it when we arrived.  There seemed to be a trace of lipstick or nail polish on one of the towels.  On my last morning, housekeeping must have knocked on the door or attempted to get in 3 times within an hour. Talk about giving the bum's rush...There are ads for the Rita Rudner comedy act EVERYWHERE.  They bombard you with them all over town.  She instantly became a huge inside joke for us and I am sure for many others as well.The casino is kind of lame, although the dealers are very friendly and helpful.  Everywhere you look you'll see "real 'mericans." You know who I'm talking about.  The overweight, often geriatric, blue collar types from the flyover states.  Nothing against good honest folk, that was just my impression of the clientele that you would rub shoulders with here.  Overall, I have to say this place kinda sucks, but then again, it's Vegas, you don't come here for R&R and you're doing something wrong if you're spending enough time in your room that it's a major issue for you.  Bottom line: if you're going to Vegas to have some fun with your buddies, this place does the job for its price.  If you're trying to be a baller and impress the ladies, look elsewhere.
3	Once in a great while we get comp rooms from Harrah's and we sure take them up on their offers. I really like the central location of Harrah's to all the other casinos on the strip. The rooms are decent, no splashy stylish posh place but a good room to sleep away your losses or the alcohol. The rail system stops here just in case you wanna take a trip to the other hotels including Paris, and The MGM Grand. The casino has a large range of slot machines from penny slots to high roller slots. I got hooked on Wheel of Fortune, but now it sucks since they lowered the max win.
5	Completely exceeded all expectations!  I love the Total Rewards program and I am by no means a big spender (my parents are each Diamond members, but I can hardly break 1,000 comp points).  I reserved my room through their website and got a great deal on a large room that had a king size bed, sitting area, and two flat screen tv's - one in the main room and one in the bathroom.The staff treated me very well and the bed was beyond comfortable.  The casino is pretty large and there is a monorail station on site for quick access to everywhere on the strip.Seriously, I was more than surprised and for the price you get MORE than you pay for (yes, it's actually possible, even in Las Vegas).
4	--------------- Update 05/16/08 ----------------------------------------------Dropping 1 star from 5 to 4.I played my 2nd tournament in March 2008 and stayed here since the tournament was actually held here.  I just thought it'd be more convenient and I wouldn't have to get up as early as if I had stayed at another hotel.  The room, although newly decorated (yes, only decorated with new beddings, not renovated), was barely a 3-star quality.  The bathroom was very small with only 1 sink.  My fiance and I could not be in there at the same time or we'd bump into each other.  Literally they didn't do anything to improve the room/bathroom.  There was barely enough drawer space for you to store your t-shirt, socks, and what not,  and very little room to hang your nice clothes.  Forget about staying here for more than 3 days/2 nts, you don't have enough storage!!!  And I pack VERY LIGHT when I travel.  Now I'd rather stay at Harrah's other hotels and get up 1/2 hr early than stay here.  I am also not very happy with their new comp system.  --------------- Original Review ------------------------------------------------I am not writing about the casino itself because I have not actually stayed here myself.  I have, however, given free rooms to my friends.  The last time I got a Jr. Suite which I thought was really nice.  I am writing about the pIayer's card program.   LOVE the Total Rewards program.  You must get one if you come to Vegas.  I am a diamond card holder.  I get comp rooms (at all Harrah's chain - Caesars Palace, Paris, Rio, Flamingo, Bally's, Harrah's........), comp food, and all the invitational events (slot tournaments, black jack tournaments, and poker tournaments, etc).  And I LOVE the diamond lounge where I can get free drinks, free food, and free desserts all day long!  Sometimes we go from one diamond lounge to another (like from Caesears to Paris) because they serve different foods.  Once a year, I also get to exchange my points for gifts at the great gift wrap event.  I got an ESQ diamond watch, Toaster/Pizza Oven, Alarm Clock, Cordless Phone, Mini Deep Fryer, just to name a few for this year.  And this year, I finally got a chance to play at a poker tournament!  I've wanted to play poker in person for the longest time.  The couple of times I made plans to play in the 'by-invitation-only' poker tournaments at Vegas, I had to cancel due to my work schedule.  When I received another invitation for 12/20 - 12/23, I just had to take it.  Like Allen said, what better way to practice with casino money playing for real?We arrived just before midnight on 12/20/07.  The next day I registered and was put on the 1:00pm round.  I had to be one of the last 2 finalists on my table (of 10) to qualify for the 2nd day's.  My goal was actually not to be the 1st one out of my table.  You can imagine my surprise when I actually made the finalist!!!  Holly cow!!!  Each person was given a bank roll of $1500 chips.  There were a number of people on the table who play poker regularly at the casino and my heart was pounding really hard when the game first began.  The dealers were the ones who actually deal at the WSOP and the tables used where the ones used at WSOP with the logos on them.  How cool was that? The second day I sat down and I knew right away it was a different crowd.  There were around 300 people and I was playing among the 'professionals'.  Allen even pointed out someone at my table he had observed the day before and said 'Watch her, she is a pro.'  OMG!  She was not the only pro, they were all regulars.  You could tell just by the way they played with the chips which really irritated the heck out of me. We each got $5000 bank roll.  The blinds started at $100/$200 with no ante, then every 20 minutes it went up, $200/$400, $400/$800.......  I actually made it through the first break and had to move on to other tables 3 times as people got eliminated.  When the blinds went up to $1500/$3000 with an ante of $400, I knew my time was up.  I had put out $3000 big blind and had a 4/10 non-suitted hand but had to play it b/c some guy had raised the bet and I wouldn't have enough even for the blinds for the next hand.  Well, I left the tournament in 63rd place out of around 1300 people and won $50!!!! I was really proud of how long I lasted despite the fact that I was dealt really lousy hands.  Seriously, I had no luck at all what-so-ever.  It was frustating because I really wanted to have one big hand that I would able to say 'All in'.  LOL!  The couple of times I was able to do that and won, it was such a thrill. I can't wait until I get another invitation from the casino.  Hopefully it'd be on a weekend instead of week days.  I have not yet played poker in a casino poker room with my own money but I am a lot more confident now and I think I might just try it one of these days.Sorry, this turned out to be more of a 'blog' than a revi
3	As far as staying here goes, the rooms are definitely "Holiday Inn" status, however, the prices for a room are quite reasonable if you're on a college student budget like I am. Other than that, a great reason to stay here is the fact that it's smack dab in the middle of the strip so you're not too far from everything. Except if you're at Stratosphere and you need to get to MGM, but that's another story.The buffet is ok and it gets the job done if you're looking to get full. I wouldn't compare it to like Rio buffet or the Wynn buffet. However, if you're looking to play here, two words.... SPORTS BAR. It's kinda hidden behind a row of slot machines but it's not as crowded as it is on the main floor and I know you get free alcohol playing at the tables, but the bar at the Sports Bar is the only I bar on the strip inside a casino that I know of, that has a happy hour. TWO for ONE, BABY!! Even if you lose, you win! Hahahahahah...
4	I liked the buffet here- Flavors was surprisingly good. They even have gelato! I was stoked. The tables are moderately priced as well. You get some free shit for joining their players club.
4	For 55$ a night, you get1.  A clean nice room (I thought it was just as nice as the rooms at Paris/Caesars)2.  Great location on the strip3.  Located directly next to the Ghiradhelli ice cream parlor :)Can't beat it.  I'd totally stay there again, and I'm a bit of a snob.
4	If I ever go back to Vegas, I am likely to stay here.  It's pretty much in the center of the strip, it has nice rooms, the service is good and it's relatively inexpensive.
3	I can't complain because our rooms were comped (that means free), but there really wasn't much fancy about our room unless you count having a flat-screen TV next to the crapper as fancy. But who really cares about the room when you're in Vegas? What's important is if you can navigate the hotel and find your room at 6am while being in drunksleep.Things I don't like about Harrah's and/or complaints about Vegas in general:1. It's on the strip. The strip is lame and full of assholes. This area is not pedestrian-friendly. You have to walk 5 miles out of the way to cross the street or hail a cab and pay $5 to cross the street.2. You can smoke in this hotel. Join the rest of the 21st century Vegas. Smoking kills and people don't like smelling like smoke. But you can smoke anywhere in Vegas, so I'm not singling out Harrah's.3. Where the hell is your swimming pool? I couldn't find it. Your arrows pointed me to an empty hallway.Things I liked about Harrah's:1. $3.50 Heineken Keg Cans in the lobby store. Now, that's the cheapest beer you're gonna get in Vegas.2. I watched Family Guy while I took a crap.3. I won $190 on one hand of Texas Hold'em Bonus.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by Harrah's.  I think the key is to request a renovated room.  We had a flat screen TV in our BATHROOM!  You'd think that'd be useless, but actually....Anyways, we had a kick out of that.  The rooms are nice, and there's a flat screen outside of the bathroom too.  For an average of ~$80 a night before tax, I was very pleased.  The only complaint I have is that their mini-bar is outfitted with a weight sensor, so if you even pick up something from the bar and place it back down, they'll charge you.  The internet cable is also such that if you just plug it in, they'll charge you.  Those seem like customer gouging tactics to me, even if they did inform me at check in.Oh yeah, and location pretty much can't be beat.  Approximately across from Caesar's and Mirage, and close to the Venetian.
3	Definitely one of the few hold-overs from Vegas' early days, Harrah's accommodations exude a chintziness on par with, er, say, Reno as a whole.  BUT, you get Vegas play at Reno prices... so...The Room.  Barest of necessities.Don't bother unpacking, awash in tan and eggshell blah, the feel of the room really exemplifies the idea that you probably won't be spending much time in it.  The other amenities cater to your basic needs.-  First there's the bed.  A strange non-conforming size/dimension that looked like a queen in width, but seemed a bit short in length; I'm only 5'5", anyone taller than me and I'm sure you're footsies would be hanging over the edge...-  The Bathroom is vanity free, simply a counter, sink, mirror, throne, and curtained bath/shower.-  There is also a TeeVee in the room, atop a television cabinet/dresser.-  And that d@rned mini-fridge stocked with junkfood and liquor.  The type of looming temptation and convenience that is guarded by a little sign that reads "Items Removed will be AUTOMATICALLY CHARGED to your bill".The Casino.  Old timey gaudiness.The gambling at Harrah's is unglamorous gambling for gambling sake.  No Aristocrats with slinky dressed arm candy, no tie-n-slack'd young entrepreneurs whittling away at their venture capitol, no starlets or athletes.  Just gamblers.Daphne, you cold-hearted, unyielding, never-crack-a-smile yotch of a dealer!!  The table was hot!!  The six of us were on a rhythm, boisterous, drunk, having fun!  Then you came along and droughted us!  I was up $80 when I lost 10 hands to you.  WHO THE *EFF* LOSES 10 PAI-GOW HANDS IN A ROW?!  You and your black magic!  D@RN YOU!__________________________Five engineers and a lab tech with a penchant for MacGuyver and Indiana Jones can defeat the mini-fridge... but we've got nothing on Daphne, the 7-card fun killa!
4	The hotel itself is not 4 stars, but the value is. I have gotten rates as low as $50 and just for location alone its worth it! Not to mention that the casino is not half bad, easy to navigate from/to your room & they have Carnival Court (an awesome and fun outside bar)You can't go this cheap on the Strip anymore, maybe Sahara & Strat but they are waaaaay on the North side, can't walk it to the fun stuff on heels or in the heat all day... Also maybe you can get these kind of deals from Imperial Palace but that place sucks big time, the smell, its dark, cheesy and just boring.
5	I know what you're thinking. 5 stars for Harrahs?? Are you on the pipe muthafucker. That answer is yes but it still doesn't deter me from dropping 5 stars on Harrahs. I can stay at Harrahs anytime for $48.00 a night because of my brothers employee discount. Last visit to Harrahs was in March and we stayed 5 days in a really clean, nice, well equipped two room suite with a frickin beautiful view for $267.00. Harrahs has been a fixture in Vegas since almost the very beginning and it seems to stick to it's old school roots in which it was born. Of all the places I can choose to stay in Vegas on the cheap there's no place like Harrahs. Their is something to be said for unloading the previous days buffet while smoking a cigarette and catching ESPN Sportscenter while deciding whether the day is going to involve gambling, drinking, or both. Word to the wise: If you want a challenging card game you will get it at Harrahs. Those old timers are no joke. Thanks for the poker lesson gentlemen.
4	the rooms at Harrah's were so much nicer than I had been expecting.  they were also relatively inexpensive for a central strip location.  the gambling isn't great, and neither is the in-house entertainment... but that's what the other 3457435 casinos are for.
3	1. Where did they find all those drop dead darling Asian male dealers?One of them was so cute I actually sat down and played 3 card poker at his table, lost 100 dollars in 2 hands and blew him a kiss as I was leaving.2. Sorry but the monorail scene is entirely fucked. I thought I'd save a couple bucks by taking it from the MGM, but then I got so lost after getting off of it at Harrah's I had to extricate myself by getting into a cab back out by the parking structures. Come on... I know you want people to wander around the casino but don't hang them out to dry like that. It's deceptive, diabolical, and demented.3. I'm sure Harrah's is stretched thin what with all their other properties. But isn't the casino a little skanky? Or am I splitting hairs over the 20 year old rug and '70s light fixtures? I heard people saying great things about the remodeled rooms, so I wish them the best.
4	I really liked staying here, the price was reasonable and it was near all of the shows I was going to.  I was a little peeved that our room was not ready when we got there but they fixed it and it turned out fine.  Plus when you in Vegas, who spends time in the room anyways!And their cocktail servers were good in the casino.
3	Dear Harrah's,Thank you for always being there for me when I need a cheap place to stay. Thank you for your location and always putting me in a renovated room so I can watch TV while sitting on the crapper.But next time, please don't put me near Carnival Court. I hit the sack around 5 - 6am so having my room vibrate and echo from all the craziness at CC starting at noon makes me very unhappy.
2	My friends booked this spot because all the other hotels were full and ultra, ultra expensive for some reason.  We speculated: Well, the Olympics DO open that weekend...No, that can't be it.  I don't think the Olympics have much to do with Vegas.  How bout EVO??  Uhh, I don't think there are THAT many nerds going, and I don't think it's that big of an event...It's at the Tropicana for goodness sakes!  It was only when we were going down the super-packed strip that it dawned upon me.  Oh my gosh, it's Chinese super lucky day 8-8-08!!!  Ughhh, what an influence us hardcore Chinese gamblers have over Vegas. First, the MGM lion thing and now this.Anyway, on with the review.  I'm not really sure what the theme of this hotel is.  From my guess, it's probably something to do with New Orleans and Mardi Gras.  After all, we did stay in the Mardi Gras tower.  But, then there's a Toby Keith honky-tonk bar downstairs.  The elevator arrangement of this place is hotel is rather confusing, and at first it was really hard to figure out the optimal route to our room.Speaking of the room, it was tiny! There was hardly any walking space between and around the 2 queen beds.  And the bathroom was THE smallest Vegas bathroom I have ever been in.  I'm not even exaggerating.  And a cot set us back $30 per night. I don't reckon I'd stay here again.
4	This is the prime place to stay in LV if you are: 1) looking for a cheap but tolerable place on the strip.2) hanging with a large group of friends that you need to take over a floor with.I don't even know where to start with Harrah's! The first time I went to vegas with all of my friends we took over one of the floors. well not completely, but with as loud as we were I think it's safe to say we did. They price was a little under 100 per night during the weekdays in May. Really good and affordable considering we had all these other activities (drinking and clubbing) that we would be spending major bank on during our week's stay. Harrah's is located on the strip across from Cesars, near McD's and this food plaza place, and not too far from the M&M factory.. my fave! The standard room ( i think) had 2 queen beds, a view of .. well nothing really, and your basic shower/tub. The room service here was really good to us. My bf and I got chocolate syrup and caramel all over one of the beds so we slept in the other bed! haha... the next day after roomservice came the sheets were all clean and crisp!! I almost feel bad for having so much fun in the room... haha. The last time I stayed at Harrah's I got hooked up with the honeymoon suite! King size four post bed, shower, hot tub, living room, and mini kitchen. I didn't spend too much time in the room but when I did it was pretty comfortable :).The staff has always been accomodating and really the location is great. If you're in vegas you shouldn't be spending too much time in the hotel anyway and if you are in your room your room mate should be making you forget about the tacky decor.... lol. am i right?! haha.
2	We managed to work our way through several hotels in order to get to our "final destination" where I was going to use my "free" $200 worth of slot credits at Casino Royale. Since we were walking through and saw $5.00 Let It Ride tables and $5.00 Black Jack tables, we decided to spend a bit of time here. The tables and the dealers were worn out and not in a good way. I pretty much felt like this was a notch down from the Golden Nugget on Fremont Street and barely a step above The Plaza. Oh well, at least this place provided me with another place to Yelp!
4	Super reasonable. Last minute trip from LA to hang w/ our group of pals. Quick trip for about 2-3 days. We had a blast. Surprisingly, didn't lose alot of cash gambling. Not too bad. Perfect area on the strip and near the clubs.
2	If it wasn't for the free offers I wouldn't stay here! Sometimes Rio is just too far from all the action so we stay here. Why? Oh, Why?The rooms are small and the walls are sooooooo thin. You hear everything. Everytime someone goes to the bathroom or shower.......you hear it. I apologize to those I have woken up in the middle of the night when I had to go to the bathroom......Ok, the casino is not that great. It can get packed and that Carnival thing outside is LOUD! It's cool during the day, but not when you trying to sleep and you can still hear them jamming.A plus is the location! I'll come back when I don't know better!*I stayed here once with my brother and sister and they tried to give us a handicap room. WTF! Does it look like we handicap! I know to us our brother is slow, but Come on! You can't judge him, you don't even know him. We went down to tell them and they switched our rooms.*Also, my skin itches every time I stay here! I don't know if it's the starch or ............I don't even want to think about it.
3	this place is adjacent to imperial palace, so that means it's right in the center of the strip. which is where you want to be, essentially. stay here if you're on a budget, and if it's more than $150 a night, i probably wouldnt recommend it.
4	Never stayed here before, but I'd definitely do it again. The rooms were clean, bed was AWESOME, and amenities were not to be complained about. The room service isn't recommended, nor are the other Harrah's dining options, but its thankfully quite close to Venetian where the dining options are ample and highly recommended. Internet service for your room is only $12 per 24 hours, which is a steal compared to the ridiculous rates elsewhere. I think the best thing about Harrah's is its proximity to better things... on the strip, where you stay is half of what you do and where you go, unless you have your own car or lots of money for lots of cab fare, so this was perfect for me. Plus, at $70 a night for a room all to myself, I'd be pretty darn stingy to ask for more than what I got.
4	Fun, Fun, Fun! Can you tell I had fun here?! The casino was great! Not the best, update or upscale casino but hell, we're talking OG Vegas here. I haven't stayed in the rooms but I did drop coins here & it was fun! The slots were actually loose & there are plenty to choose from!  I love these types of casino because they are so fun & casual, not uptight like some of the others on the strip. And I don't get funny looks from the oldsters who plop down next to me when I light up my cigarette. I hate that! I love it because I can be sitting next to an 80 yr old woman @ 3am (shouldn't she be in bed?!) acting like fools as we talk to our slot machines in hopes for that next big payout! Yes, I said talk to the slot machine....you know we all have our little rituals...rub it, sweet talk (come'on baby!) it, and even stroke it....yikes, was I talking about the machine or my husband....hahaha, yeah my husband wishes he got as much action as the machines get when I'm in Vegas baby!!!!FYI....Check out the "Greenbacks" statue  "Winnie & Buck" too cute! And worth the trip here alone!
3	I stayed here for a week.  The room was always clean but my problem is that the walls are thin.  If you are a light sleeper like me, I strongly suggest bringing a pair of earplugs with you and wear them while you are sleeping.  Even that sometimes did not help.  But I liked the fact that there is a flat screen TV in the bathroom too so needless to say both TVs would be on the same channel while I got ready every day.  I did not gamble at the tables or slot machines so I do not know how they were.
1	This is a really crappy hotel with really crappy customer service. They charge for EVERYTHING. I had to put a $200 deposit down just in case something happens to the room itself, it was refundable though. But still, having to pay for print out your airline ticket is also absurd. Well, I needed the internet to do some last minute changes to our website and was running around like a headless chicken looking for a line... my hotel had the wire but I wasn't able to connect. So I went downstairs to ask why I couldn't connect when my boss was able to. The ill-witted and miserable lady told me that I didn't put enough deposit down to give me priveledges to open an internet line, that i had to pay for - which is $11.95 for 24 hour access. So I asked her how is it a priviledge for me when I have to pay for internet service? She said that's the rule, i would need to put an additional $100 down in order to have internet on top of the already $200 deposit - which is only for the room... I was so furious I wanted to reach across the counter and slap some sense into her! But i stayed calm and walked away. It was ridiculous! I was worried that they would charge me for having room service every morning to change my towels!
3	I have stayed at Harrah's three times now, and all of my experiences have been about equal, and they have always been good.  I knock off two stars because the hotel is getting quite old and needs some renovation, and this past weekend while we stayed there we were stuck in a smoking room with no way out.  Also they took a lot of my money, my fault though I know.If you stay at Harrahs you may want to eat next door at the Venetian, as they have much better restaurants.  But while you are at Harrahs at least check out their steak house, The Range.  That place can't be beaten.
3	this is a review for flaverz the buffet inside harrah's. whenever i go out to vegas i always try to eat at this place. its one of those places that is not so cheap but they have a great selection of food. they have mexican, italian, sea food, fresh foods, chinese, and deserts. everything is great and all the times that ive been there is always some new item on the list. its great. i think that it is like $20 per person. however if you do the timeshare stuff then you can get 2 for 1. however having gone this week we discovered that you have to be 28+ to do the time share :( im just 24 but a few months ago i was able to do it :) oh the time share thing is at the entrance to the casino, just walk around and they will get you specially if you are a couple or look like one.
5	I'm only giving this place 5 stars because I was down to my final $11 of the $165 I brought in this Casino and hit four fours on the bonus poker slot machine!  That's a $400 pay off on a $5 bet.  Not Bad!I was happy all right.  Let's just say that it was the 2nd to the last bet I made before I left Vegas to go to the airport and come home.Nothing's better than leaving Las Vegas on a winning note.I have a yelp policy that if an establishment pays me $235 to visit them, I'll give them a 5 Star Yelp review.Yeah, Vegas has turned me into a whore.
3	I've stayed here in the past, but this last time, I just went gambling here.  I should really stop gambling here!  Every time I do, I totally regret it.  I don't think I've ever won here!  That's how bad it is!  But it may just be my experience, so don't count it out just cuz I have bad luck.On the other side of things, this hotel is okay if you stay here.  The rooms do feel a little old, but I remember liking the buffet.  They had a lot of choices, which is alwayz a plus.  And it's in the middle of the strip, so you can walk to a lot of places.  But I'd honestly rather stay at the Rio if given a choice.  Yes, it's off the strip, but I like the hotel so much better!
5	We stayed here for one night because it was 1/3rd the price to stay in the hotel our convention was at (the venetian). The rooms were clean and tidy (and didn't stink) and they accommodated my special requests wonderfully (early check-in, adjoining rooms with my biz partner). We were also surprised to find that there's a back walkway connecting the venetian and Harrahs, so you don't have to deal with the strip & the wackos. They screwed up the breakfast order, then promptly comped me for everything and corrected everything so nicely and punctual... At checkout we found out that the new VIP program gives you points for EVERYTHING even at other properties.... and they cover your first $100 of gambling!!! I'm definitely staying here next time I'm in Vegas - whether for work or play.
4	I'm giving Harrah's 4 stars because of the fact my room was comped and that's always good. Join a players club to get comps, that's a little advice that most people know. So I got a free room BUT I ran into a few problems.There are two towers at Harrah's: Carnival and Mardi Gras, with the latter closer to the Strip and unfortunately closer to the outdoor club that is on the ground floor. I know Vegas never sleeps and that is something that I shouldn't complain about. BUT I had a golf tournament the next day with a 7:30am tee time. And the noise and music coming from the nearby outdoor nightclub was extremely loud and it didn't stop until midnight. There was nothing in the room that deflected nor muffled the noise. And so it was a difficult night sleeping.Second, my latest stay at Harrahs lacked the ability to attain Internet access. I have no idea how to get access: usually there's an Ethernet cable or wireless access. But I got nothing. Many of the new places have a table, study area available with plugs, jacks and cables waiting for people. And sometimes, once you open your Web browser, it directs you to the hotel page with the option to buy access for 24 hours. But that did not occur here. So that was difficult to live without the Internet for a few days.As for the casino, it's fair and the restaurants are really wonderful there. There are not that many penny slots and it can get congested in there but they do the best with the limited space there. It's a great place to stay when you can get a room at Caesars, Venetian or Bellagio. It's in the middle of the Strip and it has quick access to everything. A very high recommendation from me.
2	Harrah's is Old Vegas, meaning smokey and nasty.  They even have a statue of Trailer Park Trash right in the middle of the place, but you can tell by the staff that they don't care one bit about the clientele because of the work going on and the smoke, and it's right in your face.  They want your money.That's not entirely a bad thing - that's what got Las Vegas to where it is, and without it, you'd never see the monster resorts that are there now.  It's just different is all.  If you're in the casino at Harrah's, you can feel it.  This is the classic unlit dungeon effect, and you'll feel it as soon as you walk in.  Just make sure you don't have any breathing problems.
4	We got 2 nights free stay at Harrah's a few days before Christmas because Mike gambles a lot and is part of the player's club. They let us check in in the morning and they hooked us up with a room w/ a view of the Mirage Volcano even though we weren't paying a dime for the room. The room itself was alright, the bathroom could have been a bit bigger. We did most of our gambling here and were up the first night, even the second night, and down the third day. Free hotel stays in Vegas are traps because they take your money at the casino. The dealers at Harrah's are probably the friendliest I've seen any where and we met a lot of cool folks at the black jack tables. They also have a sports betting area where Mike could watch football while I played blackjack- how awesome is that? The Flavors buffet here was also one of my favorite buffets if you don't feel like classing it up Bellagio style.
4	After blowing way too much money at the unlucky Mirage Hotel, I decided to wander off the beaten path to the trusting true, Harrah's. All I have to say is Hoorrah for Harrah's. The dealers are friendly unlike the stuffy bored dealers at Mirage, plus I made a hooplah of kizash. My new favorite game is Let it Ride with the 3 card bonus. Ching a ling ling. They also have a party pit with a bunch of cowgirls hootin and hollerin. I was skeptical about playing blackjack but I decided to give em a try. The best thing is, you can correct them when they make a mistake but usually they make mistakes in your favor. I had a chick pay me twice on a push and once, I had 18 and she had 19  and she pushed me. Hoorah!
4	Harrah's rooms are whatever - not to shabby, not too stellar - and the same goes for the food offerings...BUTNO ONE can beat Harrah's casino, except maybe Bellagio.  But see, Harrah's an Bellagio has a completely different vibe.  I go to Bellagio when I'm in the mood for some calm gambling.  I go to Harrah's when I'm in the mood for some wacky fun while gambling.The Party Pit is the best place ever to have a rowdy fun time while gambling.  It's the area of the casino just inside the entrance from the Strip.  It's open-air (sorta), what with the gaping entrance looking out directly across the Strip, and it plays really loud Hip Hop and Pop, adding to the general young, hip, fun-loving atmosphere.  The dealers here really know how to show a gal a good time, cracking jokes and using grandiose dealing techniques to entertain.I have this theory:  If you're in a bad mood, you just can't win.  If you're in a good mood and playing for fun, the money will just come your way.  It's like a law of nature or something.  Harrah's always puts me in a great mood, and their low table limits help extend my fun times.  I also like the party plus option sometimes, so that's a plus.If you're in Vegas and not too serious about gambling (i.e. gambling is just for laughs), definitely hit up Harrah's and have a grand ol' time laughing and cheering with your fellow gamers and dealers.  I promise, even if you lose, you'll walk out with a smile!
4	This really should be a 5 star rating since we didn't pay a penny to stay here. But for the sake of a true review, I'll just pretend I shelled out the cash. If we HAD paid for the two nights it would have only been $39 a night, granted it was for Sunday and Monday night in the middle of February. This is actually not a bad time to go at all; you don't have to deal with a massive amount of people and the weather was absolutely perfect. You know how CRAZY hot Vegas can get in the summer months?...when you step outside and you are already sweating and you think your skin is about to BURN OFF from the blazing sun? Well February is a far cry from that. You could go outside in your t-shirt, enjoy a light breeze but still feel a little sun. Harrah's is a good place to stay if you want to be in the middle of the strip and don't care too much about staying in a fab hotel. It is what it is! It's a little dated, an old Vegas style hotel but it's clean and includes amenities like the ever important shampoo. It's happened too many times that I forgot shampoo and a hotel only gives you body wash. Only one thing that irked me was the placement of the TV in the room. It's in a cabinet very close to the foot of the bed. When you open the cabinet doors to watch TV, they don't go all the way back so it blocks your walking space to the other side of the room. GRR! NOTES: -They have a Starbucks right by the elevators to the Carnivel Tower! -The coupon they send you if you're in the players club is valid only for nights from Sunday-Thursday. Sign up and plan accordingly.
1	This is a review for the Wyndham Vacation Resorts operation inside of Harrah's. There is no independent listing on Yelp or anywhere online for this presentation center inside of Harrah's, so I'm submitting the review here.We were just passing through the hotel when a guy tried to sell us on a timeshare presentation. $100 for 1.25 hours, no obligation, includes breakfast, and we can cancel if we decide later not to attend.Ok, I know that these presentations suck but we wanted to see the pricing to see how much they were charging people, just out of curiosity.LIE 1: "We can cancel our attendance, no problem." Actually they take a $40 (cash only) deposit from you to ensure that you show up and don't cancel. You get this back only at the very end of the show.LIE 2: "It takes 1 hour and 15 minutes." It actually took almost three hours and that's when we were pushing these people aggressively.LIE 3: "Breakfast will be served." No no no. Sodas, popcorn, and a basket full of awful mass produced blueberry muffins.Oh boy were we annoyed with their antics. They asked us to arrive at 10am and actually started the presentation about 30-40 minutes later.  Then they made us go to the nearest restort via shuttle and tour the place. How did they "make us"? Ok not literally but when we told the sales guy we didn't want to go, his manager came around and told us that we must go and our sales guy better get moving and get us on the shuttle. The sales guy then said that we have to get a move on and led us out. The whole time, it felt like our deposit was held hostage.And then they sat us down with a sales guy who drew ridiculous pictures to illustrate the sales points he was trying to make it. For a hotel he drew a rectangle; for a timeshare, he drew a house-looking shape; all the while, explaining that timeshare ownership was like home equity where paying for hotels is like paying rent. This is after we have already heard the presentation, toured the resort, and are really pushing him to just get on with it and tell us the numbers. Then the manager comes and gives us the numbers. He acts exasperated when we ask him about the price for a different resort. He says he's giving us a very special deal and we have to accept right away or lose it. He starts listing all sorts of meaningless benefits, like promotional emails that we will receive as owners. Wow, spam, let me sign up right away! UGH.
1	Nothing interesting there. Recommended for people that are into country and mature.
4	My boyfriend and I were in Vegas last weekend to attend my girlfriend's Big 4-0 shindig at the Wynn.  When I researched prices of the other hotels on the Strip (the Wynn would have cost us close to $500 for two nights - no thanks), I found that Harrah's was quite reasonably priced for being on the Strip.  We had a large, clean, non-smoking room with a king bed that faced the Strip, so we were happy.The downside is that the casino has low ceilings which doesn't allow for optimal ventilation, so it tended to be pretty smoky.  But the vibe was definitely more old-school Vegas and it was pretty lively, fun and unpretentious.Hey, if all you need is a clean room on the Strip to crash in, then Harrah's is a great value!
5	Five stars for the obscure bathroom off the lobby that was huge, clean and ALWAYS empty!  I was able to 'drop the kids off at the pool' in privacy and luxury and without my three cousins complaining to me that I need to get some One Drop toilet deodorizer.
3	Harrah's has been around a long time, and it's one of the "pillars" in Vegas.  This is one of the first hotels, and one that has not changed all that much.  It's nothing at all like the other large behemoth mega-resorts on the strip.First off, this place is smaller, much smaller.  It has a nice, basic ambiance, and it's not too "stuffy" like the Bellagio, Ceasars, Wynn, etc.  If you want a nice, clean, and quality resort, Harrah's should fit the bill.  It's this "no frills" style make this one of my favorite places to stay.  I also like the fact there is more than one location, as I have stayed at many others; Reno, Tahoe, Laughlin, and even in Arizona and Louisiana.  They are pretty consistent, and uphold their quality pretty well.The only issue I have had at this location in Vegas was on my last visit last summer.  They assigned me a room next to the elevator in the Mardi Gras tower, which woke me up early in the morning.  It sounded more like a jet taking off at the airport, and was very annoying.  Also, the so-called "deluxe" room I was given had a fantastic view of the plumbing and piping yard!  It would have been a nicer room even without a window.The restaurants and coffee shop are great; good food, and so is the service.  The Range steakhouse, was ok, but I felt a bit overpriced, and overrated.  The view of the strip from the second floor dining room was blocked by palms and foliage.  Not much to see except lots of taxi's and billboard trucks going back & forth.The gambling itself is not the greatest for slots, as they seemed tight during my 4 day visit.  Not even one $200+ jackpot in over $1000 played through on $1 and 25 cent.  Video poker wasn't much better.  Stick with the tables here, although expect $25 minimums on BJ.The clientele here runs the gamut.  There are lots of seniors, young couples, and singles.  It's not trendy like so many other establishments, which is something I actually admire since I hate those types of places anyway.Overall, for the price paid, and promotions given, Harrah's LV is a good bet.
2	Caveat #1 - My wife and I consider hotel rooms to be bases of operations when on vacation; we have moderate expectations.Caveat #2 - I understand the mission of Vegas hotels is to have you in the casino as much as possible.With that in mind, this hotel did not impress me very much. One of the major issues I had with the room is that it is totally lacking something most people absolutely need these days; electric outlets. We travel with cell phone, iPod, laptop, and Kindle chargers and there was not a single spare, accessible outlet to be had. We had to unplug a lamp and the clock. When I wanted to use the computer, I literally had the power cord stretched all the way across the room to the LAN outlet becaus there was no wifi.Besides that, the room was comfortable enough with what we needed but a coffee maker would have been nice or perhaps a comfortable chair to sit in. Sparse would be one word that comes to mind.My other major issue is with the Wyndham people. There are at least 2 or 3 of them at every entrance trying to offer you a gift or tickets to listen to their sales pitch. Some are quite annoying but they never stop! They're far worse than the people handing out the "Girls Direct to You" cards on the sidewalk. Worse still, Harrah's seems to be the only one. We went to most of the hotels on the strip and did not see similar people hounding you.The saving grace of this hotel is the Piano Bar. That place is great for the music, the atmosphere, and the drinks. It was a lot of fun with some great music and crowd singing.Overall the place just needs an overhaul and modernization. So many other hotels nearby seem to have similar deals but are far more interesting on the inside.
4	I love this place! Sure its not one of the most luxurious spots on the strip BUT, I mean its not crazy expensive.Location is right in the middle of the strip! you can walk to both sides of the strip equally.Carnival court on premisespiano bar on premisesYou can go slum it next door at Casino Royale whenever bored..........theres always miscellaneous drunks there.The pool however is nothing special. IF this place had an awesome pool then I would totally be giving this spot 5 stars.SHake & bake seal of approval.
2	The casino took all our money.The end.
4	It's not the Venetian or TheHotel, but at $41/night it's pretty damn good!
4	Sometimes this hotel is overlooked for the larger casinos, but it's a jewel... 1. Rooms - We were very impressed with the room. For $149 for three nights, no complaining here. Sure the room didn't have a fridge for cooling the booze, but you take the ice jar and fill it with two beers.. you're good! 2. Service - The people that work here... really nice and considerate staff members. 3. Check in - Slow... 3 people working the counter for a mob of about 25... 4. Casino - I think I won more money at this place with their slots than any other casino on the strip. 5. Food - Not bad, low-priced food.
3	We were booked to stay at the Flamingo, but when we arrived dead tired at 2 AM, we were told that they were overbooked, and we would be staying for free that night at the neighboring Harrah's.  My tired brain was cranky at needing to drag myself to a different hotel, but eventually the fact that it would be a free night set it and I was grinning ear to ear.  Free is good in my book. When we got to Harrah's we were told that their standard rooms were all full, so we got bumped up to one of their "Petite Suites".  Despite sounding like we were going to be sleeping in a closet, I was impressed with how un-petite it was.  Definitely an extremely nice room.  Especially for free.You have to pay for internet, and for usage of their gym, which is double weak.  Their casino looked fairly average, but I was out of there pretty fast in the morning so I didn't get to explore.  But what I saw didn't really leave me with the impression that I would be missing out if I didn't go back in later in the week.
2	The only good things about this hotel-casino are that it is cheap and it has a great location on the Strip.  The rooms were quaint (meaning really old).  Although I requested a non-smoking room, they gave me a room that reeked of cigarettes.  I asked for another room and they shoe-horned me into a tiny shoebox of a room next to the emergency exit.  It really felt like the room doubled as an interrogation cell.  I asked for another room and they finally gave me a room that didn't smell like an ashtray and I could turn around without slamming into something.  I know they have renovated "deluxe" rooms but I have the sneaking suspicion that there's one model room on the top floor reserved for the few VIP's willing to venture to Harrah's.  The truly sad thing is that I'll probably go back there because it really is cheap...haha.
4	oKAY, cALL me crazy....but I love this hotel. I've stayed at many hotels here in Vegas, and I really like this place! We stayed here for only $89/night!!! It was for my friends bachelorette party so we had two rooms. We were able to get adjoining rooms...the front desk lady was very accommodating. :) We had about 12 girls in two rooms and slept fine. Its right in the middle of the strip! The casino is wonderful! THANK YOU HARRAHS ROULETTE TABLE FOR MY WINNINGS!! And thanks to our 60 year old cocktail server for all my wonderful Henn and cokes HAHAHAH She was awesome! LOVE Toby Keiths Bar....you get to drink out of a mason jar!!! "I LOOOOOOVE THIS BAR! Its my kinda place!" I would definitely come back here again to stay! Its not fancy...but who needs fancy when you're gonna spend all your money anyway??? LOL
4	Harrah's is still a great deal (read: they give AWESOME comps), but my visit over 4th of July wasn't as awesome as it could have been.  My room wasn't ready for a while after I got there.  Actually, there was one ready,  but I wanted to wait for a non-smoking room (as I had requested).  Even after waiting I didn't get one, but I digress...The inside of my room was clean, but the sheets didn't feel fresh.  I dunno... maybe I was expecting too much.Also, it seems like the Harrah's casinos have started to get dumpy compared to their MGM/Mirage counterparts.  I guess I could stay there, but free is free. :)
3	Nice hotel right in the middle of the strip. If you want something super fancy, this is not the place for you. But it worked for me because I was close to everything, and the room prices are not bad either! As others stated Harrah's is a good deal. And the buffet they have is good too!
4	I have stayed at Harrahs a bunch over the last 20 years . It's not the best place on the strip but it's far from the worst.Rooms 3.5 stars, nothing great but not bad either  clean and kept up.Location 5 stars, the location is one of the best on the strip right in the heart of everything. The walk from your room to the strip is short unlike some other casinos.Dining 2 stars, eh not Harrahs strong point . The Range is good but the cafe is s joke. Your best off eating somewhere other than Harrahs.Value 4 stars, they make us good offers that we can't refuse .Gambling 3 stars, they take your money just like all the other casinos.
4	Stayed for 4 days at this Harrah's location and it wasn't bad.  It is centrally located on strip and you can walk to most of the other casinos.We gamble often at Harrah's Rincon in San Diego and those rooms are new and so is the casino.The rooms in Vegas are clean, decent, well-kept and clean.  I found nothing wrong with our room except for trying to get the temperature right.  I tried to get it to be comfortable, but for some reason it would be either way too warm or slightly too cold...whatever -  the room was comfy...gambling away most of the time anyway and only slept a few hours a day.This is nothing like Caesar's or Bellagio, but the casino is packed with the same machines as all the others and like one yelper mentioned, the machines take your money just the same.  Had the midnight to 6am steak and eggs.  It wasn't great.  I asked for my steak to be cooked medium and it seemed more well done with burnished ends.  It was rather busy at 3am, so the service was slow and at one point there was not one server in the entire restaurant and we were all looking around at each other and no one was being served.The pool area needs work.  Again, not comparable to the larger casinos.  The cabana was not at all worth the price they mentioned.  It just seemed like a community pool.  The food was pretty good and the service was just as good.  I had the summer sliders - 4 mini cheeseburgers - great taste! I think it was from Toby Keith's restaurant.  If that's the case then the food must be good at Toby's. Had a 32 oz. Miami Vice and that was yummiy, except the $$ was a bit steep - sheesh!I don't mind Harrah's because I get comps here and it's worth saving the cash for gambling and shopping at the other casinos.
2	I don't like Harrah's.  The rooms are small and nothing special.  The way they set up the traffic around the hotel makes it very difficult to get in and out of there.  The layout of the hotel sucks and the ceilings are right on top of you.  It's cheaper at least.
1	This hotel gave me the most frustrating experience I've ever had in Vegas. I actually couldn't wait to leave Vegas because it was so miserable.I reserved and payed for a room with two beds for one night off of vegas.com Harrh's promotion stated that it would provide me with two free tickets to one of their eligible shows. This was all stated within my purchase confirmation, without any exceptions stated other than certain black out dates.When I tried to check in, they asked me to get someone over 21. I guess this is hotel policy where even if I already paid for the room, I still need someone with me that is over 21. I found this ridiculous; if you came alone and you weren't 21, they will not allow you to stay in the room you PAID for. Luckily, my brother was in town. After that mess, the receptionist (she was very nice, I was not mad at her but the stupid hotel) told me that they no longer had any rooms with two beds available. So... they no longer had a room that I reserved a little more than a MONTH ago, and they wanted to CHARGE ME to upgrade. I was already tired from not sleeping for around 36 hours, so I just told her to give me any room available for myself and a friend. We got a room with one queen sized bed... I really wanted to just demand a refund and stay at another hotel.Furthermore, when I went to the box office to ask for the tickets, in hopes to find some peace with a show, another receptionist informed me that my friend and I were not eligible due to the fact that we are not a couple. That is the biggest bull crap I have ever heard. If you would like only couples to receive tickets, try not to create a promotion that implies that everyone and anyone is eligible.We stayed in the Madia Gras Tower 18th floor. For some reason, only the last 3 elevators in the way back go up to the 18th floor. Only 1 out of 4 receptionists could clarify this... For crying out load, know your own freaken hotel. We didn't even care what condition the room was when we finally got in. We just crashed on the bed. However, when we did wake up, we had the hardest time finding an open electrical outlet... How do you have a lack of outlets... I had just stayed in Vegas two weeks prior to this visit at Ballys. I will never stay or even enter this hotel again. Their service and quality were just poor all around.
4	Harrahs was not that shabby at all! We were able to book a room for 3 nights at a whopping $177.78 total! This was our cheapest/most fun Vegas trip to date.The rooms didn't make you feel dirty like most 3 star hotels, everything was pretty clean, the bed even came with body pillows!  The bathroom was pretty nice too, the shower had plenty of product space, the only bummer was the low water pressure from the toilet. Luckily one of our friends is Mr. Tim Allen and fixed that bad boy up!The location of Harrah's is also superb, we were in walking distance to all the clubs/pools we hit up that weekend: Tao, XS, Venetian, Tao Beach, The Mirage, Caesars, The Fashion Show Mall, Lavo, etc.Lastly, if you are ever hungry at any hour of the day and do not want to spend any more in Sin CIty, there is a 24-hour McDs and Denny right next door! That is where we dined most of the trip!
4	My sister and I selected this place based on its ridiculously cheap rates - about $30 a night for three weeknights - and I was pleasantly surprised with what that little bit of cash got us.  First, our room was clean, relatively spacious, pretty quiet (except for the degenerates trying to use our adjoining door as a closet at 2 a.m. - but hey, it's Vegas), and cool enough to help us forget the disgusting Vegas weather.  Best of all, we were on a non-smoking floor and, unlike so many of the other "non-smoking" rooms in Vegas, this one actually didn't reek of cigarettes.  Now, if someone could only do something about the rest of that state... Another huge plus is the location.  Harrah's is right off the freeway, so if you drive, you will not be stuck on the Strip for three+ lights (you know, 2 extra hours).  You're also right across from the Forum Shops at Cesar's, so the shopping and eating opportunities are ample.  Additionally, we were constantly driving from the hotel to visit family members in other parts of Vegas, and we never had an issue with parking.  Overall, the service was stellar.  Our check-in experience was fast, friendly, and informative.  Whenever we asked random questions of random employees, they were always polite and helpful.  The main reason you should choose Harrah's is clear: blackout curtains in the bedroom.  You can go out all night and abuse your body in the worst way; just come back, close the blackout curtains, and even in direct sunlight, sleep until 5 p.m.
3	I honestly don't think the room that I stayed in was Vegas quality. The rooms were tiny and the bathroom looked like it was rundown. Nothing was complementary. No wi-fi, not free TV, no nothing.I liked the beds though. They were soft and comfy. SO great for a good nights rest. The maids are nice. The guys that held are luggage are nice too.They took forever to check us in, but check out was a breeze.It's cheap, so I guess that's why it's popular. I would spend the extra bucks for a nicer hotel. I would not want to stay here again.
4	We were looking for a good place to stay as we waited to check in to Mirage for Saturday night, and we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms were nice, location was great. Just a little too smokey for my liking but other than that, a great option! For the price that we paid for a Friday night, you can't really complain about Harrah's.
4	A cheap alternative for a friday or saturday night.  Great location but a smokey and old casino.  Rooms were nothing to complain about, enjoyed the short stay there for monorail access and walkability to other nearby casinos.
1	Ok, seriously, dude. I know I was underage and standing 5 feet away from the table while my parents watched that stupid game you were hosting and I saw a bit of it, but you didn't have to shoo me away, did you, you asshole? And in addition, you didn't have to keep saying stuff like I can't even stand there with my eyes wandering around.
2	Cheap and terrible, oh god if it wasnt for poker i wonder what this place would be like...terrible layout to the hotel, too much traffic around it...but go ahead stay here save some bucks to gamble with!TFR
1	I am not one to usually complain, but I feel like I have to warn all of you before staying at Harrahs in Las Vegas. I am not about to get into everything, but be warned. The prices are cheap and it is for a good reason. The staff is rude, they do not have their shit together, and they could care less about fixing repairs. After the first night, we told them that our bath tub automatically slips up to the hottest setting. My poor baby was taking a bath while my wife was doing her hair and my daughter started screaming while she was in the tub. Here is a video of the actual faucet handle. Watch it slowly. Harrahs pretended like they didn't even care about our complaint and disregarded it all together. Because of how rude they were, we ended up filing 3 incident reports. To top it all off, after a horrible stay, we received our bags back from the valet only to find out that they ripped one of our suitcases almost in half. Of course they denied the whole thing. Even if they offer me a comped room, I will never go back. Not worth the frustrations.  Here is the link to the video of the bathtub just in case you wanted to check it out. 220228950864
3	2.5 stars for Harrahs. Why?Because I defiantly experienced better but it was ok since the room was a good surprise!Harrah's is a very old hotel and the casino is one of those casinos who attracts all kinds of trash to it. It also smells like a barn.I did not choose to stay here but was invited to the Celine Dion / Seinfeld / Elton John fundraising show for the Hurricane Katrina victims and got this room for free.I was a lil disappointed to stay at this hotel, I am not spoiled but aren't we all prefer high end hotels?To my surprise, the standard room was pretty big, clean and fresh.It had a Jacuzzi in it and a big bathroom as well.There was something comfortable and simple in this hotel, probably the superb locations which is perfect if you're single, dragging new friends to your room from the club. LOLNaughty!Bottom line: - Surpassingly not bad, stay there if on the budget and you got a good deal.- Not for a romantic gateway!- Way better than Luxor, Tropicana, Flamingo or Rio.Yalla Bye!
3	With rooms for $40 a night and a center Strip location, I can see the appeal.  However, I have not ever stayed here.  I walk through here regularly on my pilgrimage from Wynn or Venetian to Bills, which is my favorite place to gamble in Las Vegas.Harrah's houses the Carnaval Court bar, which can be interesting if you like flare bartending.  That is where they throw the bottles, etc.  Anyway, it is worth seeing once, at the very least.  Some of the best in the world showcase their talents here.The casino is OK.  They do not have the cheap tables you find at Bills, Casino Royale and O'Sheas, but they have a nice selection of games if you are willing to play twice as much per hand.  For me, I like the cheap tables.  You can always bet more!  If I am going to pay double, I do that at the Bellagio, Wynn or Venetian where I feel it is worth it.  The service and amenities make up for the fact that you pay double to gamble there.  At Harrah's, it should be the same minimums as the neighbors on that side of the street.  It is not a luxury property, and it doesn't try to claim to be.As for restaurants and shows, they have a few options but none that really appeal to me.  If you are a Toby Keith fan, you might be in luck as they have a bar and grill that bears his name.  Rita Rudner is the headliner for entertainment.  It used to be Toni Braxton.  I am not exactly sure who the demographic is that they are targeting, but I can assure you that it isn't me.
4	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CASINO ONLYI must say gambling at Harrahs was way more fun than the Venetian Hotel. It just seemed that the crowd/gamblers at Harrah's were not stuffy like the Venetian gamblers. On a $100 dollars, I was able to play for over 3 hours and even made enough money to buy a new pair of shoes. Met some great gamblers on the Ultimate Texas Hold'em game and was well entertained by the dealers. Even their slot machines was fairly nice to me and my SO. Not only did it made enough cha ching ching noise but it paid us pretty well too. I will definitely come get my gambling on here again. See ya soon Harrahs!
4	The first few times that I went to vegas and stayed at Harrah's and there wasn't anything special about this place. However, beginning last year they definitely did some remodeling and the rooms are way awesome. The beds are super comfy and nice, the standard rooms have flat screen tvs and the casino is just fine. Pool is small but you don't stay here for the pool. The rooms are a great deal for the price and every time I want a mid grade room I definitely stay here. Be careful playing Poker here since there's alot of pros that call this room home.
5	Harrah's is my favorite place to gamble, the interior feels very comfortable for a gambler, not too wide/spacious like the newer "classy" casinos.  Bed's are WAY more comfortable than Venetian, more firm, feels bigger too for some reason, but lower ceilings.
2	LAS VEGAS FIRST TIMER!While we were in LA we just had a profound moment and decided to head over to LAS VEGASS THE SINFULLEST CITY IN THE WORLD!We got a pretty good deal for around $79 dollars! hhaha but my dad messed up the date and called them to change the dates. They refused to let us change it for whatever their reason was, so we decided to cancel the reservation. Which they wouldnt let us do either... um... why? the answer came in around 10 seconds when we hung up and went to reserve another room for another date.  THEY UPPED THE RATE! -_- darnit.  freakin jerks. lol They didnt have our room -_- but told us that we'd either have to wait, get a smoking room, or get an upgrade. :) so upgrade it is, to a suite.-_- the suite wasnt what i expected... there was one bed when we asked for 2 double beds and a sofa. so i guess it was ok... but check this out.The bathroom sink was clogged and wouldnt go down, the bathroom door didnt lock. sofa bed was HARD. SO UNCOMFORTABLE. -_-Suite my butt.Honestly i couldve just said 4 easy words that everyone sees when they rate anyplace 2 stars"Meh. I've experienced better"If you want to go visit Vegas and have everything surrounding you and have the best restaurants and stuff, i recommend either BALLY's or the Flamingo. definetely IN THE ZONE places.
3	We decided to spend our Chrismas vacation in Vegas at the very last minute and we found rooms at Harrah's were still available. We booked it immediately and drove to Vegas all the way in the early morning.Due to the smooth traffic, we did an early check-in around noon time. Was greeted promptly. Room is nice and clean. Of course you cannot compare Harrah's with Caesar Palace or other five-star hotel, but for the price I paid (avg $70/night) I think its room has enough thing for you to stay in Vegas.
4	After reading mixed reviews, I was nervous to book, but the rate was so cheap ($40 per night) I decided to go for it.  Wow! This place was great!  They must have just remodeled, because our room was very modern, with upgraded finishes in the bathroom and new bedding.  Plus, my room had the perfect view of the Mirage volcano.  All of this came with the basic room - why would anyone upgrade?  There are plenty of cheap eats right outside the hotel (Panda Express, Pizza, Chipotle) and is in close proximity to some of the nicer hotels on the strip (Venetian, Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Wynn).  Plus the hotel offers a free shuttle to other Harrah's properties.  We used it to go to the Rio for the Seafood Buffett-delicious!  I really didn't have any complaints about this place.  However, if the price were higher, I'd start considering my other options.
3	Harrah's is pretty nice, pretty clean, and has pretty awesome drink deals. We were able to get $1 shots and $1 mix drinks from some Harrah's promoter outside, which needless to say is all we needed to keep us around and spending a couple bucks at a time for some drinks.
3	I wish there were half star ratings, because I would definitely give Harrah's 3.5/5. Let's face it, the type of people that stay at Harrah's (myself included), are probably more concerned about getting a good deal on the strip and being in a good location, than with staying at the newest and biggest hotel on the strip. I don't know about you, but I would much rather spend my money on gambling and eating out than on a hotel room that I'm only going to spend a few nights of my life in. Yeah, it's not the most updated or modern or hippest joint on the strip, but honestly, who cares? It's clean, it's neat,the staff is friendly enough and best of all, it's got an unbeatable location on the strip!!  If you're they type of person that cares about impressing your friends by dropping names of expensive or trendy hotels that you have stayed at, then definitely don't stay here because it will not live up to your (ridiculous) expectations.  But if you are looking for a nice place to stay for a few nights that won't break the bank, then you should definitely stay at Harrah's!
4	I like this hotel due to the following reasons: 1. small compare to other hotels in Las Vegas2. able to figure out where things are located within the hotel3. do not need to walk like 15 minutes to get from one point to another point within the hotel. 4. affordable 5. good room size. how much time will you really spend in the room while in LV? 6. decent restaurants 7. two starbucks!
4	My dad is a Diamond club member here, so he was able to get my room comped for both nights (Sat & Sun night).  We stayed in Room M825, Mardi gras tower.  If we had to pay, the regular price would have been $85 + $65 each night, which still isn't bad.  Check-in isn't until 4PM, but we got to the hotel around 11:00AM and were able to get a room right away.  I don't know if it's because we were able to check-in at the Diamond check-in, but I thought it was cool that we got a room super early.  Last time I stayed at Circus-Circus, they charged me $20 for checking in 3 hours early.The room here at Harrah's was very clean and I neeeeeed a clean room!  We didn't have a view of the strip, but we did have a balcony which I didn't expect at all.  Very small balcony, jus big enough to stand outside and smoke, or get fresh air.  The flat-screen TVs were LG, one in the room, one small one mounted in the bathroom.  Awesome.  Our room was somewhat close to the Carnaval Court outside (a loud club/bar at night), so when you open the balcony door, the music is sooooo loud, but I loved it.  They were playing some old school songs that I was dancing to in my room.  When I didn't wanna hear the music anymore, I just closed the balcony door and poooof, the music is gone.  The door must be very well paned!The only drawback I had being in the room is that the toilets flush soooo loud, so you can hear the other toilet flushes in other rooms.  But other than that, I was real happy with our room.  I definitely wouldn't have minded paying for the room if my dad couldn't get it comped.The location is great, right across the street from The Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. Very close to the Venetian as well.I didn't gamble, so I'm not going to review the casino.  My mom and I ate at Ming's Table, which was very yummy Chinese food (I'll review that separately) and the Carnaval Court live band and music was great!!! I didn't actually party down there because I was too tired, but I loved hearing the music on my balcony.
4	Harrah's location is outstanding.  Room in the Carnaval Tower was just fine for $60 on a Saturday night.  Our room was clean and comfortable.  Having Starbucks downstairs was great.  Toby Keith's was very good--the Georgia Peach drink was incredible, but $18.  However, there were at least 3 or 4 "regular"-sized drinks in one large glass for that price.Best perk about Harrah's is the Monorail.  We took it to the MGM Grand to see a concert.  It was $5 each way, and at the MGM, you get dropped off right across from the Grand Garden Arena, which erased the miles-long walk from the parking garage.   Check-in and check-out were quick and easy.
4	Had an enjoyable experience at Harrah's when I was in Vegas last week for a major foosball tournament (yes, they have those!). It was much better than where we used to stay at for the tournaments.Harrah's rooms have been recently renovated. They were fairly nice. Our room was also quite spacious. Big pluses since we stayed there for 5 nights. Another big plus was that unlike many of the casino resorts in Vegas now, Harrah's does not charge a resort fee, which I saw at other places runs about $20/day. Harrah's also gave us a booklet of coupons, some of which were pretty good like a free frozen hot chocolate (with $10 purchase) from Serendipity and $5 off the buffet at Paris.The other thing I really liked about Harrah's was its central location and the ease with which we could go anywhere. We walked over to Paris, Venetian, Caesars, Mirage, and Bellagio. We were also able to take the tram from Bellagio to Aria and City Center.Oh, and one more plus. They had $10 min bet pai gow poker tables, my gambling obsession. :o)I would totally stay here again.
5	Although Caesars Palace is the Flagship of Harrah's Properties, this is the busiest and most popular of all Harrah's Properties. It pays better than most other properties and has a lot of events going on here.They have a lot of slot machines and restaurants packed in one small property, but they do it much better than most other casinos. Larger properties doesn't mean better, but Cluttered means a little more business. They have a great Rewards Center and got $50 Rewards for free, plus 15,000 Points to purchase.....NICE...Today is St. Patrick's Day and I have a feeling its going to be very crowded with drunks. Oh boy....Wish me luck today!! Although, you may be reading this a long while later..lolHave Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
4	Stayed at Harrahs last weekend, the beds were amazing! Hotel room was clean and the staff was great. I never thought of staying here before but after last weekend i would tell people to stay there if there going to Vegas, it in the middle of the strip great hotel to stay at if you want to walk the strip!
3	When our flight got into Vegas a few years ago, it wasn't until 11:00, so we just wanted to stay somewhere that low key and we could get out of early the next day...and they had a room for $39 here.  It was okay...we didn't do much there, but it was in a good location and easy to get in and out of.
2	Ho man this place was G-H-E-T-T-Oi mean I know its an old Casino, but compared to the MGM or the Venetian, its def the Motel 6The room: Had a lovely view of the parking garage and an alleyway.The first thing that hit me when we came in, some sort of chemical smell, like the room had been fumigated.  The smell was in the room the whole time we stayed there and gave me a headache.  The beds were uncomfortable and the water in the shower kept changing temp on me.The general crowd here is not young, def not the hippest place to be.  Unlike most of the places I've been to in vegas, it didnt have a food court or anything where I could pick up a quick bite.  All they had were buffets.  My friend and I spent a good time wandering the casino for a fast food place inside, but all we found were buffets and an oyster bar.  We had to go outside.Probably won't come back here again for a stay.
3	There are certainly no complaints when you get your hotels comped, but hey, shouldn't you treat your "VIP" members better?Anyway, we got a view of the roof and Imperial Palace.  Our room was far away from the elevator as possible (they were probably just giving out the rooms no one wanted).  There was NO refrigerator, no microwave, I don't even think there was a coffee maker!There was one shampoo and soap.  I was a bit disappointed since items seemed scarce.  No wifi and internet would be 12 bucks per 24 hours.  I called earlier in the day and the receptionist had to look up the cost of the internet/hours of swimming pool operation (dude, shouldn't you know this by now?).  Anyway, for what we paid (0$) this is definitely better than paying for a cheap/more ghetto motel.  :)
3	Got one room comped and the other was inexpensive, compared to most of the hotels on the strip. Being right next to the Venetian it is right in the middle of all the action and in walking distance to the hottest clubs. I initially didn't expect much from Harrah's, but when I walked into my room (note it was a standard room) it was pretty spacious. It was definitely clean and the beds looked comfortable. GOOD ENOUGH.. since when you're in Vegas you don't expect to spend too much time in your room. The only bad thing was they had us extremely far from the elevators.. it was all the way at the opposite end! Note that I had an elderly grandmother with me.. it took her about 10 minutes to walk back and fort form the elevator to the room. That's pretty horrible if you ask me. There are plenty of things to do in this hotel. There are it's own restaurants and plenty of slots to keep you occupied. I'd come back if I didn't wanna splurge on a room.
4	This review is strictly for the poker room in the casino.Harrah's is the place to go if you've never played poker in a casino before and are looking for an easy, non-intimidating game to sit down at. They only spread low limit games (the highest is an occasional $4/8 game). They have $3/6 limit and $1/2 and $2/5(?) NL. I have only played limit there and it's a pretty soft game. I think the no limit games would be really easy to crack for a solid player. The majority of the players looked like they'd just turned 21 and were playing with their egos instead of their cards.The room itself is pretty decent, with about a dozen tables. It's non-smoking and there's are tons of TVs (used to be the sportsbook) They'd recovered the tables since I'd been there last, and I'm not sure who picked the surface material, but they'd obviously never actually tried playing on it. It was like playing on a big blanket. The felt wasn't taught and it felt almost like some sort of microsuede that neither the chips nor the cards slid easily along. A real pain to play on. The dealers were pretty good overall and actually talked to the players. To say that the cocktail waitresses left a little something to be desired would be quite the understatement - by Vegas standards, they were thoroughly unattractive. The bathrooms are right outside the poker room, which isn't something I really appreciated, until I played at the Wynn and had to walk a good ways from the poker room.As I said, the game is pretty soft and unless the cards are totally against you, I think it would be hard to have a losing session (assuming correct play).  One night, I had to leave after only an hour or two, because I found the game to be too boring.
4	I love going to Vegas! It's a real vacation when you stay at a hotel!This place is pretty cool because there was a TV in the bathroom! Which is something I wasn't expecting! The only bad thing was that we stayed there with 4 other people. So it was a totally of 6 people in one room. And it was a little crowed. It was really nice though! The price for this hotel was a little pricy though!
4	If you're on a budget and need to slum it by going 3 stars for a hotel, Harrah's definitely delivers. It was a nice hotel room and very clean. Staff was very nice and accomodating. Best of all, it's right in the center of the strip so we could walk to the Venetian and back within 5 minutes!
4	Harrah's was the place I went on my first trip to Vegas. For that it was perfect. It has an excellent location right in the middle of the strip and has all the amenities you would expect, however it is exceeded by nearly every other newer and bigger Hotel/Casino in just about every way.The food at the buffet was high enough quality that the prices were very palatable. They have gelato at the buffet. I dunno if all Vegas buffets have gelato, but this one does.Their poker room is fairly small, but the dealers are extremely professional and personable. The rest of their casino games are comparable to other casino hotels, though they did have a table or two of $5 minimum blackjack. Finding  your way in a car or on foot to the valet/cab stand is a real pain at Harrah's. Ass-backward is complementary to the byzantine layout in this regard. This doesn't affect the visitor's experience very much, but it surely bugs the cabbies.Our room was 'fine'. Not super nice or super big, but it had a nice shower, a tiny balcony, 2 flat screen tvs and two soft beds. Because there were three of us, they gave us a rolling cot for the third which totally sucked. Don't get stuck with the cot. From what I have heard, the prices here are pretty competitive, and they should be, since amenities at other places are better. Unfortunately, the fact that it is so close to other bigger and better hotel/casino complexes means that you will  have a tough time earning your comps here when you could be at Caesar's, the Venetian, or any of the other awesome places nearby.
3	This hotel is centrally located on the strip!  Can't go wrong staying here.  Very clean and good restaurants in the lobby!  Its an older crowd staying there so its not the Palms and Hard Rock. Very reasonably priced.  Not really a pool hotel...stay else where if thats what you are in Vegas for.
4	Like my Bally's review, Harrah's is pretty much in the same light.  Great center-Strip location, affordable Strip-view rooms, Monorail station in the back, free shuttle access to The Rio, and has a great nightlife atmosphere over at the Carnaval Court.If there's one thing that Harrah's has Bally's beat, it's their dining choices.  Flavors is a decent buffet, not the best, but it's far from the worst.  Toby Keith's, though I haven't eaten there yet, is a great spot for late night eats.  Also, I hear the Range Steakhouse is one of the best steakhouses on Strip that's not owned by a celebrity chef.So just like my Bally's review, if you're going to Vegas on a budget and looking for decent and affordable rooms, you can't go wrong with staying at Harrah's!
3	If you expect an affordable, clean, middle of the strip, no frills room, your expectations will be met. Perfect place to stay if you're in town for work conferences instead of all fun & games, because it helps keep expenses low. There are a few things I must address...1 - What the hell is up with the entrance? Was the guy who designed it on crack? It's a multiple speed bump laced concrete labyrinth designed to confuse and annoy both sober & drunk drivers alike.2 - No in-room coffee maker? Are you fucking serious? I bet you Motel 6 has them, and Harrah's doesn't? Don't mess with a girls caffeine.3 - Dining - My co-worker and I ate at the cafe downstairs, can't remember the name. The food is standard cafe food, not really good, probably really bad for you. Overpriced for what you get. And service is slow as snails. But, they win by convenience. Blah.4 - The pool "scene." WOW. I almost want to say they shouldn't try to duplicate the pool parties around town and just keep it a regular, everyday pool area, because that would have been MUCH  better.They had a DJ which was okay, and a small area of cabanas (why, I don't know..), and the cocktail servers...well, let's just say you guys out there will need to knock a few brewskies back to make them look like how you assume a poolside cocktail waitress is supposed to look like in Vegas. Sorry, I'm not mean, I'm just being honest! Vegas is a superficial, shallow kind of city so that's what you come to expect from it, damn it! Hahaha! As the day progressed, somehow these two girls found hula hoops and they were hula-hooping/dancing in front of the DJ booth. It was not a pretty sight. The chairs are uncomfortable unless you fork over cash for the cushions (rip) but towels are free at least. The patios of the adjacent hotels surround each side of the pool, and you can see all these people leering down. Kinda weird. It was entertaining in an amusing way. In summation, don't go to this pool. That is all. :)
4	For the price that you pay you get  a really good deal..right in the middle of everything. TAO is just right next door and everything is in walking distance. The hotel room is like a standard hotel, you just need some place to sleep get ready and thats it. For a college student this is a good place to kick it.
4	4 stars because myself and my friends all got bumped up to suites when we checked in!  Mines was a little mini suite (since I was solo) on the top floor of one of the towers.  My friends got a baller suite because it was three in one room.  In actuality, that room only went for a little under $200 a night but if you saw it, you'd think at least $400-$500.I also got a cuuuuuuuuuute black and pink polka dot luggage bag for $48 from one of the gift shops!  My check in bags I usually use for flying or just taking alot of clothes on trips have busted wheels so now the bag drags everywhere and is ripped badly on the bottom :(Not typically a 4 star hotel, I was just in a giving mood since we all got suites for free :)
2	I went a month ago. I could have used my players card for a free room for two nights (midweek) but paid extra for the Petite Suite (what a mistake and waste). Checked in early as always at 1:00p.m. and only had a few minutes wait. By 3:30 the line looked to be hour(S) long. This was on a Tuesday. Wanted and reserved a smoking petite suite for around an extra 90 bucks for the 2 nights which I booked only to be told they don't have any "smoking" suites LOL. A clueless desk clerk. Got it straightened out and had a room looking over the mediocre pool area but couldn't see anything else. Total waste of money for the  petite suite. Coffee maker worked. No fan in the bathroom. Old style TV with a remote that worked when it wanted to. Small, nothing special but an old sofa that looks like the type you see some people who have them sitting out on their porch. Well worn. Internet wifi is a sad joke. Barely had a connection and got a bill from some Canadian company for using it. Hotel was of no help getting it resolved and since I never really could use it, had to contest on my credit card plus some ridiculous foreign currency exchange fee. Noticed Ethernet but later and used that when needed. Other than the minor clueless desk clerk, all the staff was incredibly polite and helpful. Better than at most other Vegas Hotels and I've stayed at a lot over the years. Exception is room service as they never answered when called numerous times. The only reason I attempted r/s was the incredible line in the morning around 9am for the cafe/coffee shop and I didn't want to wait and again later at night.Good variety of restaurants I suppose, but, at least 3 of them (which is about half of them or so) were closed during the day(s) I visited so obviously they don't do enough business to justify staying open. I prefer to gamble, eat, and see shows, many times at the Hotel I stay at so this was disappointing. Also, of all things the Deli by the sports bar was ALSO closed !!! The Toby Keith place wasn't that exciting. Didn't eat there. Some dancing, not as loud as expected (which was good) and not crowded except at the bar where I wanted to at least have a drink and play video poker. Bunch of young people nursing light beers and not playing, just taking up space at the bar so left. Didn't see any attractive girls anyway except for 1 Hooker and she got scooped up fast (not that I would have gone for it anyway just a note). I don't think it's a goldmine for them with all the younger people in there anyway.That outdoor area, forgot what it's called, where they do the juggling or whatever by the bartenders was just dumb. This was the second night and very windy so not much going on out there.If you prefer to take the Monorail to get around, at least at Harrah's, the walk isn't as agonizing long as at the other Casino's. to get to. Kind of desolate and this was in the early evening but wanted to try it instead of a cab to various shows I went to. DO be prepared for some serious walking anyway and real dumb not to have this extend to the airport. I think they are in BK now so not sure how much longer it'll be around.Slots and table games were ample and good layout. Too many penny slots and you have to walk further to get to the high limit or table games. Nice(r) Keno area although small, but the gal comes around often enough for drinks so not too shabby.Couple Starbucks places and the one on the 2nd floor is better. In fact go to the second floor for a few other things and snacks, etc. so you can avoid some of the crowds on the first floor. Location is good and really the best reason to stay here although others in the immediate area will do. Room was to dumpy and small to bother staying again, can't imagine what a "regular" room looked like otherwise was fair overall.
5	FIVE STAR YELP RATING EQUALS FIVE STAR SERVICE!!! Yesterday, June 21 was my birthday. Turning 25 gives you special upgrades at a casino that cares. Where to celebrate your 25th than Harrah's Las Vegas. I had my choice of staying at Rio, Caesars Palace, Paris, Ballys, but I wanted to stay at the name of where it all started, Harrah's. The parking is still rugged, but you'll notice there is a lot of cameras for security. It may look like the Sahara's, but this is a much more popular site. Hotel Registration had a LONG LINE. Either this was a popular place to stay or something went wrong. However, service went fast since there was a lot of hotel clerks on hand. As of June 22, the Diamond Lounge is out-of-order, but you guys will get First Priority Service. Wyndham Vacation Services took over the lounge on the second floor. I think they are relocating it or already have relocated it right at the Valet/Hotel Registration Entrance.The wait in the line was about 10 minutes, but it was moving very fast. I was greeted by May, a Filipino Hotel Representative. She noticed that it was my birthday when I checked in. Originally, I had a free Classic Room, but she upgraded me to a much better room in the Carnival Towers on the 32nd floor (out of 35 floors) Room 37. The room was AMAZING!! Either it was Mini-Suite or just a damn looking Classic Room. (Picture Posted as a Panoramic on June 22, 2010)The bed was King Size, the view is OK, but whose here to look out the window. TV is the old type, but again, who is watching TV in Vegas. The one thing that stands out is the BATHROOM. The bathroom has a sauna and a jet stream bath. I tried the sauna for the first time and damn..I want one now. The sauna can go up to 120 Degree Fahrenheit. The bathtub has it's own windows to show the bedroom. Kinda kinky in a way. Its like watching your neighbor take a bath. DON'T DO IT THOUGH...lol.I am grateful to Harrah's for giving me this wonderful room on my birthday stay. Whether or not I am a Club Member, you make me feel valued. Thank you Harrah's and hope to stay at Harrah's in the future.Will Have Lots of Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
2	You get what you pay for .. as well has TERRIBLE customer service. The hotel did not service ANY of my requestes and were extreamliy rude about it when I asked why i wasnt able to get my joining room as well as a room with a view. While gambleing i NEVER once recived a drink until I sat at video poker at the bar. The ONLY positive thing I can say about the ppol is the bar service which was faboulos as well at the DJ. Other than that I know why my stay was only $80 a night !
1	4.10.10: Harrahs Overbooked, what a freaking nightmare, The room we got was a smoking room and it was handicap. The room smelled very horrible, it was like I stepped into a smoke oven. We could not breathe. They could not change rooms for us but for some odd reason they were able to check people in. The bathroom was extremely ridiculous; it was something I have never seen before. Since it was a handicap room there was no separation between the showers and the rest of the bathroom. So if someone took a shower the dirt and nasty stuff can spread all over the entire restroom, it was very visible. The dirt and grime were all over the floor, we were all scared to take off our shoes. It was really disgusting. We were promised another room but not until the next day. So we did what we did best, stayed up all night and avoid sleeping in that nasty room. However that lasted only so long, we were tired. Went back to the room around 6:30 in the morning and slept. Of course the air conditioning broke during the first hour of our nap. Great! We were sleeping in cigarette smell, we have a restroom you can walk into, it was about 90 degrees out and now our air conditioning broke. What's next? Our friend woke up around 8am and we had him go straight to the front desk so we can move to a new room. Luckily we received a new one, but the place looks shabby. Well at least the air conditioning worked. This was actually my first time I have ever stayed at Harrahs. Paris and all the other related hotels was booked. Never again Harrahs, never !!!
2	My group decided on Harrah's for its location and relatively low room rates. I went along because I'd never been in the area before and the positive reviews sounded reasonable.But then as I roamed the Strip, wandering through other hotels nearby, I realized that Harrah's is almost as ghetto as Sahara and Circus Circus. The four and five (!?!) star reviews don't make sense to me. Harrah's was filthy, inefficient and sad. It took me an hour and a half to check in because representatives kept disappearing. Then my room wasn't ready for another two hours. A number of items, such as travel perfume and makeup, went missing from my bathroom counter. I don't want to think about what could have been stolen that I didn't notice was missing right away. Not many visitors will admit it, but Harrah's is the Wal-Mart of the Strip hotels.Yes, the cheap options hold their appeal because Vegas is an expensive town for a vacation. It's easy to think that, hey, you won't be in your room much anyway and you'll be too drunk to notice minor things like dirty drinking glasses. If you absolutely think your standards can sink that low, congrats, but I felt I could have done better without spending much more money. Anything south of Circus Circus and north of Mandalay Bay, except Flamingo, seemed like better bets.
2	compared to the glitz and glamous of the newer properties on the Strip, I only stay at Harrahs because they comp my rooms.  Most everything is a few decades behind the times.
4	My Wife and I stayed 7/8-7/10.   I am very happy with our experience at Harrah's.  The room was clean, the view was ok, but not horrible and everyone that I encountered in the hotel were very nice and helpful.  Now I have read other reviews that compared this hotel to Circus Circus and some of the other rundown hotels on the strip.  This is just not true.  I found that you will be pleased with this place of you dont go in expecting to stay at some place like the Bellagio.  Harrah's is a nice place for the price.  I also noticed that if you check in early you may have to wait for your room.  My wife and I took an early flight in and tried to check in at about 9am.  There was no line, but we were told that our room would not be ready for a few hours.  They offered to hold our bags so we could start exploring the strip and that we did!  Harrah's is a great starting off point for your trip on the strip.  It is a monorail station and also right in the middle of the strip.  A quick tip if you dont mind a little walking.  There are trams that connect a bunch of Hotels on the other side of the strip that take you all the way down to mandalay bay and they are free!
4	i give this hotel 4 stars because i got it for $35 on a thurs night on hotels.com.  i was meeting one of my bests but she was staying at the palazzo, so this was a close enough hotel to walk aimlessly through the casino floor w/out steppin out in the heat.bring your sequin/bedazzled shirts, bermuda shorts w/ white calf socks and deck shoes if you wanna fit in.
4	I've stayed here twice in the past year. First time we had a suite, which was nice. Room was comfy and had great amenities. Bathroom was very clean and had a big tub and separate shower, pretty comparable to what you get at other Vegas hotels.Great location on the strip. It's smaller than some of the other big casinos, but I sometimes prefer that so I get lost less often. The theme is like a Mardi Gras sort of thing, which isn't very in your face as the trendier places.Second time I stayed in a different tower, the Carnaval tower, which was significantly older than the other room and other rooms I've been to on the strip. Still, it was clean and nice. Only down side was that we could hear our neighbors talking and watching TV through the doors that connect the rooms. If you go, try to get into a different tower. Their buffet is decent, the cafe is kinda blah. Good service from staff and housekeeping, generally a good, cheaper option to other places on the strip without completely slumming it or going off the strip.
1	When we first got here on a Monday at 5:30pm there was a long line at the front desk, looked like just 2-3 check-in people, needed to have more.  Have been here maybe 10 years ago, pretty disappointing.  Very crowded.  Went to the cafe for diner and there 10.99 prime rib special.  Not that great, and the smoky smell there and throughout the property ruined everything.  Good room price and location.  Room itself okay except for smoky smell again, even though we had a non smoking room.  Went to MAC king, just ok.  Front desk handed us free pass but you pay 10 for 1 drink min.  Long line so upgraded with extra 5 to get VIP line pass and half price coupon for.flavors buffet.  Show just ok, long line to get drinks.  Next morning went to buffet.  Generally not good.  Won't come back to harrahs again.
5	This review is for the "Buffet of Buffets" 24 hour, all you can eat, buffet pass. This magical pass allows you to enjoy all day access to the buffets at 7 different Harrah's properties. The price is $39.99 for Rewards Club members and $45.99 for non-members. It is seriously easy to sign up for the pass and worth the $5 savings. The best day to buy the pass is Sunday because the brunch buffets include the booze free of charge. Also, remember to check the operating hours at each buffet because they do vary.Note: We did all seven locations (actually 8 buffets because we hit one twice) back to back in 11 hours. Then we went back to Harrah's at 7:51 am the next morning at ate our last buffet of the 24 hours. So, 9 buffets in 24 hours for $39.99...WIN!!!The buffets included in the deal are: Le Village Buffet inside Paris, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet, Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet, Flavors at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars, the Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Rio's Carnival World Buffet!The order in which we did or 24 hours of buffet eating is as follows:Flamingo-breakfastHarrah's-second breakfastCaesar's-brunchFlamingo (again)-brunchPlanet Hollywood-brunchParis-dinnerIP-dinnerRio-dinnerHarrah's-breakfast the next dayYou can read the reviews of each individual buffet on it's Yelp page.Flavors at Harrah's- This was second breakfast. Larger selection of food than Flamingo. There was a large Mexican food section with tamales, rice, beans, plantains, chiliquilles,  and a large Chinese food section with various woked items and dumplings. There is also a large dessert section with gelato.Overall, the food was better than the food at Flamingo. The service was phenomenal and the atmosphere is very nice. The big win here were the plantains..they were delicious!
2	First time staying at Harrahs and the rooms were decent. Only problem we had was the noise factor!! We were on the 15th floor and could hear the live band out front all night long in our room! It was very hard to sleep!! Casino and dealers were great!
5	Love love love Harrahs. Each time Im in Vegas, I spend a HUGE chunk of my time at Harrahs, I love the dueling pianos, toby keiths, carnival court, and the monorail is Rightthere. We spent 1 night out of this trip at Harrahs in the deluxe executive suite. (its august, it was only $135), and we wanted to do a test run there for future trips. All I can say is OMG. Gorgeous. Not at all what I expected from lil harrahs. There was a huge living room/dining room with a couch, tv and the first reasonable mini bar I have ever seen. The next room is the bedroom. Big king size bed, chaise lounge, tv. Then the awesome bathroom with corner jacuzzi, dual sinks, tv, glass shower, toilet. The whole suite was gorgeous. Very understated neutral colors, and an awesome pillow top bed we def appreciated. The pillows were also so cozy. I slept like the dead. I was very impressed with how nice the suite was. And I love it because there is so much to do in Harrahs, this made it more convenient to run down and check out Tobys and Pianos, and then run next store to grab some late night Panda Express....Mmmmm!!
1	Pleasantly surprised. My room had new, very comfy beds.  No view. Price and location are great.If the following did not happen, 3.5 stars.However, service is lacking. Security was rude and ignorant. Manager was rude as well.Better places to stay for the same price. It is competitive and after that slap in the face I will certainly go elsewhere.
4	Great location, right in the heart of the strip. Not as fancy or pricey as some of the other places, but if you're not going to be in your roomall day(who is?) I think it's ideal.
3	nothing specal about this place.typical room for the price i paid.manger was an ahole.tried to charge my resort fee on my .debit card.but end up paying in front.pool sucks.there was no jacuazzi.buffet was too expensive and so was the cafe .the only good thing about the harrahs i like was the toby keith bar. probadly not going stat there again.
5	This place is actually really nice. The rooms are well worth it and there's a balcony too.
3	This is a great location on the strip - just a short walk to about any property you want. And the room rates are dirt cheap - $40 on the strip? OK!The gaming minimums are pretty decent - $5 dice, a ton of slots, lots of card games. Of course, it is not the lap of luxury. But not a bad place to serve as a launch pad for a Las Vegas extravaganza.
3	I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is on a budget. This hotel has a great location.. right in the middle of the strip. The rooms needed better lighting, I had to take the lamp shades off to accommodate. Also there was duct tape holding up one of the vents and no remote for the bathroom TV either. overall this place works if your in your 20's and you just need a place to rest your head after partying.
4	harrah's is great! room rates fluctuate a lot at this place ive noticed... they can definitely charge just as much as the nicer hotels like mirage and TI simply because its right in the middle of the strip but when its cheap... its really cheap.  i just recently booked a two night stay for $80 bucks. whoot whoot. but anyway. when i dont feel like shelling out another bill to stay at a nicer hotel, this place is great, service is good, rooms are always clean and gaming minimums are great...mostly $5 on all the tables.  and walking distance from all the nicer hotels where you'll most likely end up playing all day anyway.
4	I gave this 4 stars for location, you cant have a better centrally located hotel than Harrahs. Its right in the meat of the strip!You are the equally closest to everything when you stay here. The south end and north end are equal distance from here so its very easy to get around on foot or by taxi. My stay was free due to comps, i probably never would have stayed here if that wasn't the reason. But i must say i was impressed. This is not a 5 star venetian or Wynn, but much better than i expected. The pool is not very big but will keep you cool. The room is a standard size and standard in everything, very comparable to the standard rooms at MGM or Monte Carlo. I enjoyed my stay here and would stay here again if i was on a budget or on a spontaneous trip. If i wanted more luxury id opt for a 5 star, but if you're looking to save more money, try HARRAHS!
4	Nice clean rooms,,, Good place to gamble....
4	I frequent Vegas thanks to my father's profession - poker player.  We've stayed at a lot of the hotels over the years but Harrah's is my favorite.  Let me tell you why.LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION.  This hotel is smack dab in the middle of the strip.  You really cannot beat the location, especially for the price since it's on the lower end of Vegas hotel pricing.  It's no ***** resort, but the rooms are still nice and welcoming.CARNAVAL COURT.  Okay, so Harrah's makes it seem cooler than it really is, but it's pretty cool.  I can be lazy, so the convenience of having a fun outdoor bar right outside my hotel room is great.  There's live music every night and the drink prices are average (for Vegas at least).POOL.  Lots of people mentioned how crappy their pool is.  I have to agree.  However, little known secret - you can use your Harrah's room key to get into any Harrah's pool (i.e. Ceasar's since that's the nicest pool of all the properties they own).  But shhhh I didn't tell you that.
2	Location is great sure.  Sports book sucks.  Slots are tight.  Buffet is so-so.  This is the budget spring break style Vegas Casino.  It really caters to the younger crowd.  Loud bands, flair bartenders, loud ass pool and party scene until the wee hours of the morning outdoors.  Personally for me I don't want to have to deal with that shit.  I had no idea the crowd was like this here.  If you get a room on one of the lower level floors near that bar I hope you don't want to sleep.The rooms?  Lucky for us we were away from the party area.  It wasn't noisy or anything but the size of the room was ridiculous.  We decided to upgrade to one of the mini suites and it was tiny.  I relish to think what a standard room is like.  I was honestly so put off by the Casino itself most of my play went elsewhere.  There just isn't a good hook to keep you in here unless you are in your 20's or something.  I guess I just expect more in Vegas but their motto seems to be "We don't have to do much of anything because we are in the middle of the strip."
3	I'm a Harrahs card holder so, every so often I get a comped room here. I don't use their comps often, primarily because I prefer their other properties. The hotel itself is well put together. The rooms are okay, for standards. The casino is decent. They have a really nice sports book, and a fancy looking, glass enclosed poker room. My one knock is the pool. It's a rectangle pool. Not very appealing or tropically. Kind of like a public pool. The buffet is not bad, I actually like their brunches. Location is very good and there is a shuttle to get to the RIO so you don't have to spend money on a cab.
3	We got a newly renovated room in the Mardi Gras tower that was just what we wanted at a very reasonable price. We find the staff in the casino to be the the most friendly in Vegas. Wish we could give it half a star more... The noise in the hallway was irritating, especially when it was the maids in the morning and we had partied late in the casino. Great location on the Strip!
1	This hotel is a fantastic deal...especially because it's very affordable and right in the middle of the strip. However, there are so many things I did not like about this hotel that I will not be going back.1. The A/C in our room was so loud...sounded like something was broken. And it turns off when you leave the room so cooling it down while you are out is not an option. 2. My room was right above the outside bar/concert area and on a lower floor so of course I was listening to music until 4am.3. The rooms are very tiny. I even upgraded and the room was still very small...however the bathroom for some reason was very decently sized. I feel like the bathroom could have been smaller to make the room a little bigger.4. There was a large bug in my bathroom which I thought was really disgusting and really put me off about this place. Maybe I'm being too picky here but this on top of the fact that I couldn't turn the A/C on and was listening to music until 4am was not the best hotel experience I ever had. Basically, even though this place is affordable I really feel like I overpayed for this place.
4	I have stayed here a whole bunch of times because I dig the location.  All of my favorite places to gamble are near here.  Harrahs has an awesome party atmosphere more specifically the Carnival Court.  What kept me from giving it five stars was the super rude lady at the check in desk.  Overall, Harrahs is worth the stay.  The rates are great especially if you sign up with their total rewards program.  Harrahs is right in the middle of the strip making it easy to get around.  The rooms are nice and the house cleaning staff is superb.  Very friendly and attentive.  I will continue to stay here.  I just hope I don't have to deal with that lady again!
4	Althought I did plan on going here after the Jersey Boys show at the Palazzo, I didn't plan on having dinner here.  I planned on having the 'Oyster Bar Six Shooter' (six oysters on half shells with patron or grey goose float) and going to dinner somewhere else.That didn't happen, I ended up ordering one of their 'signature entrees' for dinner (the Seafood Risotto).  It's an open kitchen, so I watched them prepare my dinner and I was definitely not disappointed when I first tasted my entree.  It's a bouillabaisse type entree with risotto mixed in.I thoroughly enjoyed eating it; 'nuf said.
1	If you are planning to stay here, give me a call and I will personally pay any excess that you have to put in to even get into the second most worst hotel in Las Vegas.This pace should be called HARASS and not Harrahs..PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE. IF YOU DO, I LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING A SIMILAR REVIEW FROM YOU HERE IN A FEW DAYS.I stayed here for 4 nights and I regretted every one of them.When I went into the room on the first day, the room was half cleaned, had a huge carpet dryer and a huge vaccum cleaner in it.I moved to another room paying an excess of $20 per night only to see that it had loud sound issues. Then paid another $20 per night and moved again only to see that there was no internet and it was shabby again. The final room was a suite btw and I dont know what in it qualifies for it to be called a suite.They took 5 days to set up the internet and still didnt get there.Very rude telephone operator...Lost manager...Conceirge who dont know whats going on in town...and the list goes on...Go here to ruin your vacation....I know Harrahs gives you a lot of free stay, but whats the point in staying for free when you are harassed all the way...If only there was a negative 5 rating, I would give it to them.
3	Great location! This hotel is in the middle of the strip, so walking to places like Bellagio is cake! There's a food court right next to the hotel with McDonald's and a panda express, which is convenient when your with a big group who can't make up their mind on what they want to eat. Also there's this great little plaza right next to the hotel with a bunch of stands selling a bunch of souvenirs along with a live band and bar in the middle. I've stayed in a suite once and a standard room the other time. The suite's have a nice view since they're the rooms facing the strip, the standard gives you a view of a wall of another hotel or of their garage. Vents suck, so the rooms here aren't like Palazzo where the air is filled with the scent of flowers. Instead you get a huge dose of what feels like puffs of second hand smoke.  This hotel is cheap and if your on a budget this hotel will do just fine. But hey, I am not complaining comped rooms are the best!
4	My default hotel when in Vegas....Its right in the middle of the strip, and the beds are super comfy. Its also a bit cheaper than some of its neighbors, and much nicer than any of its cheaper neighbors. I got upgraded last time I was here, and about two weeks after we checked out, I got a phone call asking if I left keys in the room, which I thought were already lost forever. You guys are awesome! They even shipped them to me without asking for a dime!See ya for New Years!
4	Okay, it may not be one of the nicest hotels available on the strip, but for its prices and deals you can find on the net PLUS its AWESOME location right smack in the middle of the strip, YOU GOTTA LOVE IT.  You can pretty much walk anywhere from Harrah's and eat reasonably priced food around this hotel.  Just next door is a fast food court that has Panda Express, McDonald's, and Chipotle!  Aaah, that's heaven for an avid goer who just wants to go to Vegas to party and eat purely for fuel to party again!
2	I wish I would've rather stayed at Flamingo for the same price. Harrah's was a big let down. The service was very rude and unfriendly. They gave free tickets for a comdey show on check-in but forgot to mention that uh..the show had been cancelled for the whole week (didn't even exchange tickets for some other show). We had confirmed our booking on their website for a non-smoking king, but after standing in long line for almost 30 mins they say that they only have handicapped rooms left. So they offered to upgrade to deluxe room with strip-view in mardi gras towers, which had no strip view and wasn't deluxe at all. So we asked to give us our standard room back and accepted one with 2 queen beds in the Carnaval tower, which was infact slightly bigger and even had a better view than the previous more expensive room. There was no coffee machine in the room, the TV was kinda old and the beds weren't so comfy either. The rooms were quite noisy and not the cleanest either. The Carnaval court was closed for all 3 days and nights. The location is good (but I guess with the new city center, the Harrah's and Venetian's part of the strip is not so happening anymore.) The cafe was decent for breakfast but we ate our other meals elsewhere. The casino feels old and stinky.Overall, the hotel is not that great and the service is poor. I would rather stay elsewhere next time.
4	We arrived at harrahs on friday night around 8:30.  There was no more than a two minute wait in line at that time which was refreshing.  It was the week before christmas so it was a lot more dead in this city than i have ever seen.  we usually make our december trip right after christmas but couldnt pass on the pre christmas deals.  Anyways they upgraded us to the deluxe room for no charge which was wonderful because coming off our last trip to mandalay bay i got spoiled having a tv in the bathroom and this came with that.  we were in the mardi gras tower overlooking the pool.  now you definitely can hear the music from carnival court clearly from your room.  when you open the door to your balcony it is like you are at the bar.  however i'm one of those people who could care less.  it doesn't bother me, but if you are a light sleeper you might want to take that into account.  also in terms of sound the walls are the thinnest i have ever experienced at a hotel.  we had two different sets of neighbors in our next door room during our stay and could clearly hear them.  so another thing to take into account if you're easily annoyed by that.  overall the hotel was real easy getting from strip up to the room.  which is always a plus.  never had to wait for elevators, and if you had to run up stairs real quick it did not take long.  plenty to do at this hotel if you are looking for cheap options in terms of dueling pianos and toby keiths if you are into that which i always am.  take advantage of the mac king comedy show use one of those two drink coupons that they are handing out all over.  it ends up being 26 bucks for the two tickets and two drinks to a really good show in the afternoon.  staff is helpful and sports book attendants are friendly.  overall i would stay at harrahs again, but again im not nearly as picky about rooms as other people since i use it to shower and sleep.
1	Got our room wrong, wanted 2 queens, got one king. All booked so stuck with the wrong room. You have to pay for Internet ($11.95 for one day, $30.00 for 3), it's the 21st century, who still charges for Internet?!? Hotel is definitely run down. Could use some updated/remodels. Will not be staying here next time I go to Vegas! At least the there was a 24 hour Starbucks.
1	Epitome of "Ghetto".If you do plan to stay here, please don't have high expectations. They say that this hotel is 5 stars, pleeaase dont believe it. Don't expect a flat screen tv and don't expect your sheets to be changed! It feels like you went back to the 70s. The room was so small and so was everything else in the room. The beds are not at all comfortable, it is the first time i ever woken up with a sore back. The service and the manager could not care less about you, so if your expecting some "great" service, please save your money for a better hotel. The buffet was bad, i feel like i wasted my 29.99+ tax. There is no wifi, you can only get connection through a telephone wire and they will charge you if you use more than one laptop. The pool was small and it seemed dirty ek.... the casino was small compare to the other hotels, not so many bars, so your forced to go outside.The only good thing of this hotel is the location, right in the middle of Las Vegas Strip, so if your into partying it hard and getting no sleep this is your hotel.
3	If you want to play table games with relatively low limits and good dealers, Harrah's is a good call.  Other than that, Harrah's is pretty mediocre.  With all the new and newly renovated hotels, Harrah's hasn't aged particularly well by comparison.  There's no theme, and it's not ostentatious or fancy.  20 years ago it probably seemed really nice, but it just doesn't stand out anymore.If you play blackjack make sure to look out for CJ, one of the best dealers I've ever had the pleasure of sitting with.  CJ has worked in Vegas since the old gangster days and longer than Harrah's has been around.  He brings years of experience, luck, and a sly grin to the table.
1	Hey, Harrah's - why the 6/5 low-limit Blackjack w/ a six deck shoe?!Nothing like a recession to make a company's greed to really come out.  I used to come to Vegas 2-3 times a year, and I guess it is time to either stay at home or find another casino.  Boo.
2	I stayed here this last time since I was just coming in town for my brothers graduation from UNLV and wanted someplace cheap and in a decent location.  I had stayed next door in Imperial palace a few years back and thought that this would be a little nicer but it wasn't.  I didn't have a big issue with the hotel and there was nothing really wrong with it but just kind of blahh.  It didn't stand out and there was really nothing to make it special.  From a local perspective my brothers hated me when they came a picked up my parents and myself due to the giant mess of a parking garage or pick up spot.  There is no place you can pick someone up right on the strip like you can at imperial palace right next door and their garages are very confusing.  From that point of view if you are having people pick you up and that is a factor my other brother and his wife stayed at the Luxor and was the same price but much easier to get in and out of as they have a 15 minute loading zone parking and it is on the strip without having to drive circles around the building.
4	Harrah's is one of the best no-frills, but good-deal hotels on the strip.  And it is a prime location, too.  Right near the center of the strip with its own monorail stop.  The rooms are nice enough, but with few amenities.  The staff is pleasant and efficient.  The restaurants in the casino are...well nothing special, but there are a few late night places that seem to be hopping at midnight for those in need of an Oyster or a gourmet burger.  I've stayed here a few times now, and while it's certainly no place of luxury, it is a good deal for the price and the location.  After all, how much time do you really spend in your room when in Vegas anyways?
4	This review is for the Oyster Bar at Harrahs.Small little bar with fresh oysters. Came here to try their specialty, oyster shooters! We got the trio to sample the tequila lime (their most popular), bloody mary, and an asian flavored one. The asian flavored one didn't impress me, but the tequila lime was delightfully refreshing. My friend who took the bloody mary shooter said hers was good, it sure did smell good! We also ordered the oysters on the half shell which were nice and fresh, not expensive either. It's a nice little break from all that drinking!
2	Casino review.  Place is run down.  Slow to get drinks.  I like their Lake Tahoe hotel/casino location better.  Luckily place was too expensive to stay.
3	Pleasantly surprised was the theme for my stay here at Harrah's.  I've often walked hurriedly through this venue trying to avoid the smoke and the scent of the guests and given little thought to the hotel above their dank casino or any of the places to eat inside.Well...  then along came an offer to good to refuse that placed me in a room at Harrah's.  I cringed, but then decided to take up the offer...  who spends much time in the casino they book anyway, right?!Upon arrival, check-in was fast and I was upgraded to a Deluxe room.   I was in the Mardi Gras tower (closest to the strip) and had an awesome view of the TI sign, the top of the Mirage and lots of A/C units above the casino, but, whatevs..  I've had a view room before and I don't need to see the strip anymore.  I just need a comfortable bed in a safe space and Harrah's had both of these.  The room was a little smaller, but the prices are A LOT smaller than other strip hotels, so you're still getting more than what you're paying for.The bathroom mirror had a TV in it -- cool!The beds were nice, and  I slept well every night.  I wish there'd been more electrical outlets, but given that this hotel was built long before everyone needed 20 outlets when they travel..  it was alright.I will definitely stay here again.  The location is almost perfect.  Across the street from The Mirage and Ceasar's.
4	So I forgot to checkin to my SWA flight and when I did, I ended up getting B13.  My lucky number.  So hey, let's throw a quarter onto Black 13.  Guess what happens?  Yep. Double knockers.  I digress...I'm still waiting for Harrahs to change their flagship over to Caesars.  This hotel is kinda a disgrace to use for their namesake, but I'm still a fan even though they're starting to get really stingy w/ comps and ratings.Harrahs basically owns the East side of the strip.  I like this location because it's close enough to Venetian for conventions at the Sands or catching a shuttle to the LVCC.Not as ghetto as IP or Flamingo, but taking the escalator next door to Palazzo is like going to Narnia.  Make sure you have your expectations in order when you come here.  It's an old, average hotel room-wise.  Mardi Gras tower has the slightly newer rooms.Decent buffet, oyster bar...nice diamond lounge to chill in.  I do like the Improv show here.  They have random guest comedians so it's hit or miss.  But usually pretty good.Like 6 pai gow tables here, so easy to try your luck at different spots.
3	The last review is so hilarious. The casinos do tend to take money, that's generally what they are designed to do unless you're a little smarter like some people and play black jack which has a better chance of you actually walking away with some money.But gambling aside, Harrah's is, to me, a classic, but now it's become quite old. I still remember the first time my family went to Las Vegas and I was too young to be on the floor, I remember wandering about the casino when the security wasn't watching but mostly being confined to my room after hours when the adults were doing 21+ stuff.The room didn't give me insanely great impressions, but then again I was younger so I didn't know much about hotels and what they were supposed to be like. I just remember the window was inadequate because I loved big windows and this was a far cry from what I was used to.I like that they are very accommodating, we needed a rollaway bed but I also remember it being quite more expensive than I think its worth.I think its a solid 3 star hotel, where you get what you pay for, and nothing more, but nothing less.
3	Located in the center of the Strip, this hotel is convenient for tourists who want to be in the middle of the action and have good access to all parts of the Strip.  The property is kind of dated and old, but they maintain it well.  It caters primarily to gamblers.....there aren't too many other frills here and you won't find any night clubs or ultra lounges.A few years ago, we would come to Toby Keith's for lunch and then walk to the Carnival Bar between the Imperial Palace & Harrah's to hang out and have a few drinks.  When we were there a few weeks ago, we did the same thing and enjoyed people watching on the Strip.Overall, it's a great place if you're a gambler....their slot club will give you tons of comps and free rooms if you're a serious slot player.  Other than that, you can pass on visiting the property and you won't be missing out on the Vegas experience.Return Factor - 70%
3	***I have had luck gambling here, but the casino is not that nice and pretty smoky***I have gambled twice at Harrah's and have won both times.  On this recent visit on a Friday night, they had $10 minimum tables, which definitely makes this an okay gaming option.  The negative is that Harrah's seems to be one of the smokier casinos on The Strip. For parking, I believe they have complimentary valet or self-parking.
3	There's some construction going on here right now - right in the casino. Don't know why, couldn't be bothered to ask. Something strange is going on too...the dollar pit used to be full and the machines really payed in there. Now, no one is playing in there, much less winning. It's like they turned the machines off.The best thing Harrahs has going for it is the food options. I never had a bad meal here - Oyster Bar, KGB, Chinese, Range Steakhouse. Even the coffee shop is good. I also like the little outside shopping are - kind of like an upscale flea market and a great place to people watch. There's an outside bar with music at night, and it's entertaining.It's placement between Casino Royale and Imperial Palace makes it seem much cleaner and nicer than those places. But that's not saying much, now is it? It's sorta kinda middle aged droopy, and smells like Grandma's house. I've seen better... and I've seen worse!  I would place this as Harrahs 3rd worst property, with Imperial Palace being #1, and Flamingo #2. Any day I expect an announcement they're knocking that whole block down and building the next mega-resort. We'll see...
3	Spent a little time here last trip...Spent a little money also.On the scale of Vegas casinos I would say that Harrah's is a bit above average. They are "older" properties, but they are, for the most part upkept well. Yes, I just invented a new word. "U-P-K-E-P-T". To Keep Up. Which is what Harrahs has noticeably done with this casino. The tables and slots do not seem to be neglected or out of date and the service was pretty good. Harrah's does have a pretty darn good players card, and with the "Harrah's" group owning SO many casino's now it is great that you can hit most any casino and get players points towards perks.Keep up the good work Harrah's! See ya soon!
4	We took a spin through Harrah's on our way to the Yelp CMYE:  Lunch at KGB followed by the Mac King Show. It is another smokey casino.  Before things got started, we got our Total Rewards Cards and played a few slots!I don't have a problem. I can stop any time I want to. I'll be back to this Casino, though. I'm a fan.
4	My stay at Harrah's, in bullet points:-The location is quite good, not as good as Bally's (our usual haunt), but definitely convenient to most anything.-The room we had was huge, with a shockingly comfortable bed. Our view was of a steam pipe, but we did cash in on the Black Friday special, so we weren't expecting much.-Harrah's contains the Oyster Bar, which is one of my favorite places in Vegas. In the past, we'd make it a point to visit Harrah's just to go there, but on this stay it was just off the elevator!-I won some money playing slots and video poker, so things are not as tight as some say. -We didn't see Mac King on this visit, but we have in the past and he is full of win. In summary:Yeah, it's old and kinda smoky, but it's cheap and has everything we needed. Also, no resort fees!
4	I LOVE HARRAH'S!!! I've stayed at the Flamingo, Ballys and the Rio but always end up back at HArrah's to play the slots and eat at the buffet. Harrahs is close to everything good on the strip and the buffet is the best. I prefer to stay in the Mardi Gras tower but all the room there are comfortable.
4	Stayed in a newly renovated "deluxe" room. It has 2 flat screens, and a superb bed. The most comfortable hotel bed experience I've ever had! We stayed in the Mardi Gras tower on the 9th floor and had a great view of the pool area. the bathroom is a lil on the small side, but all ur doing in there is ur quick personal business so no big deal. The best part about the property is the location. You are in the middle if everything, and the Monorail stops at the hotel so u can check out other places on the strip without paying for overpriced cab rides. If ur looking for a nice hotel that's clean and convenient, Harrahs  is a sure bet.
4	Stay: 3/1 - 3/3/11; Carnival Tower; Non-Smoking Floor/RoomFirst time staying at Harrah's and I was very impressed from the start. Arrived much earlier than check in time at 4pm and a room was available. Check in was smooth and the staff excellent. A king room was not available, but I was able to get into a double queen room right away.  To my surprise, there was a Starbucks in the lobby right next to the elevators. Yay!Once I got to my floor, it was a non-smoking designated floor and no trace of cigarette smoke - Thank you!!! Room appeared clean, neat, and smelled great. I actually felt a little spoiled. Although my view was the roof of some part of the building w/the pipes and exhaust, I had a great view of The Mirage and the other hotels on The Strip. To my surprise, again, I was able to see the volcano show at The Mirage from my room! There was some noise with the exhaust from the pipe(s), a/c - you can turn off, volcano show, and delivery trucks (infrequent), but it wasn't to the point of annoyance.  I slept well and I felt very comfortable. Some people say you don't go to Vegas to watch TV, but I do like to have a TV in my room to help me sleep and entertain me between the times I come and go. Good channels offered. I did notice as I was plugging in my notebook, the outlet under the desk was a coated with dust - didn't look like it gets touched regularly.  A little scary with all the outlets in use and the plugs loose in the sockets, but not a major issue for me. No dust in the corners or near the beds, clean linens, clean bathroom, no dust or scary things in sight other than the outlet dust.Harrah's has great places to shop within the casino. I signed up for Total Rewards which was right off the lobby and in the casino. I recommend you sign up for the Total Rewards program as you can rack up lots of perks from gambling and also shopping at participating resorts! :) I didn't hit it big in the slots, but it was fun nonetheless. Everyone was super nice, the only person I had a "thing" with was the a gentleman cashier in the casino. The $5 Free Play ticket was not working and I was asked by the Total Rewards employee (who replaced my cards after I had difficulty registering my original card in the slot machines) to see the cashier for a replacement ticket.  Right off he was defensive and said that the hotel gives out many of the tickets everyday and they have no problems. I repeated my question and request and got clarification on how to use the ticket and my card. Turned out it was my Total Reward card and not the ticket that was malfunctioning. I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt in that he was having a moment, although, good customer service is not great customer service.In the lobby they have the concierge, gift shop, other shops, and seated chair massage. Many restaurants to choose from within the hotel/casino and Starbucks, of course, carries fresh sandwiches and salads if you just need a quick bite. See the Mac King show if you can, I ran out of time to see it on this trip but I hope to see it next time. If you need mail services or the business center, it is on the 2nd floor of the Mardi Gras tower - easy to access elevator is in the lobby.  I had to mail postcards and it was so easy and convenient. They have stations to print your boarding pass for a fee right by the elevators, if needed. Very nice. Right by the elevators there are express checkout desks, but the best part is that you can do video check out from your room! A first for me. I had no room charges so it was quick. Instructions are provided by the TV. Just drop off your key cards in the express checkout slot and you're done.Harrah's is located perfectly along The Strip. It's in the middle of everything and I just love the vibrancy of Vegas, so I was able to make the most of my solo vacation. Since my return flight was a late one, upon check out I was able to leave my bags at the luggage center right outside of the lobby.  I had a great time and plan to return. Yes, I was approached by Wyndam employees by the casino entrance/exit, but they were very nice and not pushy. If you're a non-smoker, you will survive in this hotel as I found lots of non-smoking spots to eat, gamble, and browse in this hotel. Oh yeah, NO RESORT FEES!!! Thanks for reading. :)
3	stayed here on march 10-13th a Thursday through Sunday, and well the stay was nice...this hotel gives you what you pay for, it has all the amenities you need for a comfy stay. extra pillows, comfy bed, a view, towels, shampoo and conditioner and complementary coffee...we had stayed in am mini suite in the carnival tower 18th floor, (1801) uh not very suite like but whatev. the bathroom was big but the bathtub was run down and the sink pressure was non existent.  the room had a "view" of the imperial palace and the pool of the harrahs. the walls are paper thin and can get noisy if you have noisy neighbors. but the beds are comfy and you have a air conditioner in your own room and an option to open the window for some fresh air.though the hotel is a smoking hotel you have the option to stay in a non smoking room. its ok but it still smells like smoke...the floor has ice vending machines and soda machine for 2.50 a pop, also some floors have a vending machine with candy and treats for about 1.50-2.75 a pop. pretty pricey but way cheaper the in room frig.the hotel has a nice but very small outdoor shopping vendors and 2 starbucks inside the hotel. service is very slow but its nice to have fresh coffee or snacks in the morning, neither of them are 24hrs. they have a few good restaurants too, and the room service aint half bad. i loved icepan, a make it your own from scratch ice cream parlor. affordable and oh so delicious!! the pool is a rip off though, it said heated, that shit was cold as greenland! and the sun never hits the pool, even in summertime the pool is always in the shade, and its a small pool with crappy cabanas, not worth the money people pay for those things, just my opinion.also i recommend getting the rewards card with harrahs hotels, you get 5 dollars of instant slot machine play and great other discounts with all the chain of hotels. i would come again if i cant afford the higher end hotels.overall this hotel is A-OKAY, cheap and on the strip, comfy and nice if your into smoke hotels that are mardi gras theme! enjoy,tee hee
2	We went because we got comped a free room. But since we lost money at the table, it really wasn't free and for that, I would say that this is really not a great place to stay. The room was below average with a small TV that wasn't even working properly. The ambience of the place is pretty average, but the location on the strip is great. If you get a free room, go ahead and stay there but I would recommend spending most of your time/money elsewhere. If you're booking a room, there are better options in Vegas.
3	Needs a better filter system in the casinos. The Cigarette smell was pretty gnarly.The rooms felt like a 2 star hotel, but the check in staff was great. I loved that the monorail station was here also. I don't think I'll be coming back to this hotel when I'm back in Vegas.
5	My boyfriend and I go to vegas a lot.  We always stay at one of the harrah's properties because of our rewards cards (always get comp rooms).  Harrahs is awsome because its close to everything on the strip, has great food, good slots, and isn't all party party at night.  My only complaint is the showers....I hate just about all hotel showers though...I don't stay warm enough.
4	Great staff - love the Total Rewards program...We were nervous at first given the rollercoaster of reviews, but upon entering our rooms, they were clean and that is really all we cared about.Stephanie, the front desk clerk, was very accomodating upon check-in and she hooked us up with their Total Rewards card, which includes several other hotels as well.Harrah's is right in the middle of the strip, so it was great when it came to the other fun we had while there. We will definitely go back and stay there again!!
3	Not the classiest  or fancy-est hotel, but it's good enough. I stay here alot, and always have a great time. I LOVE the Toby Keith bar here- so much fun! There is also a good chinese restaurant.  The casino itself is a good size and the staff is average- never had a problem or complaint. The location is also pretty good.Harrah's has great deals and promotions on rooms so make sure you join the club.
4	I most say this was a pleasant experience on all aspects and going back next week for convention
1	We got to the room and the toilet had been used (urine in the toilet still), soap and shampoo still in the shower, and coffee still dripped in the pot.  Simply unacceptable in my eyes.I called and complained and the first manager didn't even compensate me.  The second day I called again (found the coffee issue) and the manager gave me my $10/night upgrade fee back.  Come on, that's all you do for your guests after some royal mess ups like the above?As a frequent VEgas traveler from LA, I know I won't be going back to Harrah's with that type of service.  Been going to Vegas twice a year for 20 years and this was my first and LAST time at Harrah's.
3	I am a regular in the city of Las Vegas. My goal is stay at different hotels while I am there. Well I went this past week and stayed at Harrahs for the first time. It was inexpensive. Only $100 total for Saturday and Sunday night.  The property was well kept. It was easy to find the elevators to our room. When we arrived to our room to my surprise it was very small. The gentleman at the front desk upgraded us to a better room for free. It was to be a room with a view of the strip. However, when we opened the curtains to see our view we were very disappointed to see that the only view we had was of The Mirage across the street. The way the Harrahs hotel was built was not intended for ca view. The only view we saw besides the Mirage was the roof of our hotel's casino and the south building of the hotel and we were on the 15th floor. It was pretty lame to say the least. What I can say good about the hotel was it was clean. The bathroom was spotless. The bedding was clean. They don't have those nasty comforters that a lot of hotels usually have. The staff on the property was very kind and helpful. The location was convenient. This is a hotel you would stay in if you are looking for a decent hotel and don't want to spend a lot on a room. I would stay here again but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	I enjoyed Harrahs! Pretty sure hubby would say the same....We ate at almost all the places they had at there hotel alone..all were just wonderful...!!  ESpecially there steak house !! yummy!!!
3	Services were great, loved the fact that they had a shop right in the lobby that had everything you needed from drinks, to snacks etc.  The rooms were good, I got one with a window to the pool - it was ok until it was really loud outside.  The casino was fun but it was just sooo smoky. the conference facilities were great, loved the size and the rooms.  Wish we had snacks between classes but not sure if the conference I was at had requested it or not, so guess that was the conference's fault.  Would have been nice. They also have a starbucks in the lobby which was awesome!
4	Harrah's Las Vegas is LITERALLY in the middle of it all. I had a blast staying here. Denys basically 2 minute walk, Caesar's is across the street, bars and clubs also surround the hotel. PLUS NO RESORT FEES and PARKING WAS FREEUpon arrival (Tuesday) we were greeted and upgraded to a suite on the 33rd floor of the carnival tower. The view of the Mirage across the street and other low rise buildings was magnificent, especially at night. The hotel has a huge swimming pool with cabanas for rent. I'm not sure what the prices were but the beach chairs were first come, first serve so get there fast! The Suite itself was enough to make us want to spend all of our time in our hotel room. It was HUGE! Simply, amazing. I thought I had a big apartment in Boston well this suite dwarfed it. The room was very clean, everything was organized, clean towels, two big screen TVs, one in the living room and one in the huge bedroom. Jacuzzi was amazing. Though we were upgraded to a suite it's obvious to see that this is a well maintained hotel. The hallways smelled fresh, carpet was always clean, marble fixtures, and the staff was very nice. The only reason I'm giving this hotel a 4 and not a 5 is because we only stayed in Vegas for one night. I shall return here-trust!
4	I stayed at Harrah's from 5/10-5/12.  The rates for this hotel fall in the mid-range when it comes to Las Vegas hotels.  The room is very clean and the bed is comfortable.  There is a mini bar that sells packages of amenities (shaving kit, toothbrush & toothpaste, lady needs, adult stuff, etc. for about $4 a kit).They have many different restaurants and 2 Starbucks.  If you are part of their "Total Rewards" club, you can use your points to buy coffee.  The Cafe has "Italian Night" for dinner every night - $14.99 for a soup or salad, pasta or pizza entree, and breadsticks.  Not a bad deal and the food was good.I enjoy laying by the pool when I'm not gambling, and this pool was ok.  There are two decks - upper deck with lounge chairs around a fountain (a little awkward) and lower deck with a rectangle pool and cabanas.  There were not a lot of lounge chairs by the actual pool, so me and my bf opted to get a daybed next to the pool.  The daybed rental was $50 plus you had to spend $50 on food and drinks.  Not too shabby.  You get the bed for the whole day, a cocktail waitress walks around regularly, and the food and drinks were reasonable ($5/beer, $12/margaritas, $12/food plate).Overall, a good place to stay.  It is really only a 3-star kinda hotel but I bumped it up because of the location and hotel features.
4	Was gambling for a bit and wondering around up in this mug. Cool place, mellow. We specifically came here for the video roulette which was pretty cool. won $45 bucks and ran to the buffet.
3	Review for the hotel only: If you're not looking for a luxury hotel in Vegas, Harrahs is it. It is located right in the middle of the Strip, the rates are great. The rooms are clean but do not have a lot of 'extras going for them. The pool is just OK - not exciting as some of the others. Just a nice, basic hotel. There are some good points also - the Carnival Bar and the Piano Bar are located here, too, so you just need to stumble back to you room and not halfway down the Strip to get home after a long night. If you have a Players Club card, you can put your room on it and earn points for your stay.
3	Um Harrah's is just fine.  The bed was fine and the room didn't smell too weird.The hot water didn't really work for me, which was rather annoying, but at least nothing was falling appart in the bathroom.
4	we booked through vegas.com for memorial day weekend and got a room in the carnival tower. It was a very nice room, it was large the bed was amazing and the bathroom was nice. I consider this to be a great deal. I have read bad reviews so perhaps it is the type of room you book and the section you stay in. All I know is that CT tower is nice! I will be back. The location is fairly central on the strip
3	CASINO review only. This casino has a very young feel to it. Ive been during the day & at night. Its got a lilttle plaza to the side of it that is always packed full of people that leads into the casino where theres a bar that usually has tons of people @ night but appears to be closed during the day. This is the home of KGB and Toby Keith's I love this Bar. . never been to TK's place but Ive always wanted to. 1st time I came here we were leaving with no $ gained but as we walked out the door we tried that "one last machine" and my bf won $90 on a 40cent bet. you cant beat that! LOVE LOVE LOVED it. thers a mini sports book towards the front of the casino. Id definitely come here to party the nxt time I'm out and about on the strip.
3	go in from behind the strip and parking is easy!right next to chipotle!rooms are ok. nothing special. elevators are quick. tables are relatively low priced!i will come back because the rooms are cheap!!!! totalrewards!
3	Stayed at Harrah's for two nights.  The hotel is located in the middle of the strip.  It has a casino, buffet and all the things I've come to expect from a casino hotel in Vegas.  The staff was great.  They were very helpful.  During my stay, I encountered three problems:1.  After leaving the check in desk, I was pulled over to another counter and pitched to go on a time-share presentation at the Wyndham.  I found this most annoying.2.  The Internet - My computer could not reach the WiFi in the room.  There was a Cat 5 cable int the room which gave me flashbacks to the 90's.3. At check in, the clerk asked me if I wanted charging privileges on the room.  They charged $305 to my debit card for the charging priviedges but I could never figure out how to use it.  The people at the buffet and the internet service wanted cash.  Harrahs did return my money 48 hours after I checked out. It was jut annoying to have Harrah's lock up my money without any way to get at it.
4	I stayed at Harrah's at the beginning of June with three of my girlfriends.  The four of us had an awesome time!  The room was fairly basic but was nice and clean.  It even had a flatscreen in the bathroom which was a bit of a novelty for us girls.  The pool was nice, the buffet was good and prices were very reasonable.  The only two things that were lacking was the KGB restaurant (we waited over an hour to get our food) and the casino did not seem to be well ventilated.  I would definitely stay here again, we had a great time!
3	We stayed in this hotel for three nights.  It was centrally located and right off the strip.  The free (self) parking was a little hard to find since it was hidden, but the hotel in general was clean.  On Friday and Saturday night they played live music outside.  Check your coupon book that they give you when you check in and you can get in for free.  I failed to realize that until after the fact.  We stayed in the Mardi-Gras Tower overlooking the pool and it was nice.  They warned us that it may get loud but I am a light sleeper and didn't hear anything from outside with the window shut. There was a t.v. in the bathroom, odd, but funny.  The room itself was large and relatively descent prices for water kept in their mini-fridge compared to other hotels I've stayed at.  We did have issues with the internet as we only brought an IPad and their is no wireless in the building.  We were told that we needed to use the cable to connect it to our computer...that sucked because the IPad has no internet cable outlet.Other than that, it's a descent place to stay at.  We had no problems with the hotel.  They have a steak house called The Range which was quite tasty and their cafe for breakfast was "fair."  They also had a Starbucks located inside the restaurant with a mini market for all those things you forget while on a trip and snacks.  There were lots of nice hotels in the area that we could have stayed at, but this place seemed relatively inexpensive compared to those.  Perhaps on a future trip I'll try the Venetian and Caesar's Palace.
2	We stayed here the past weekend because they have the best comp system ever.  Got a  room for the entire weekend for like $80 while most places in Vegas this weekend was like as least $500+  It was a typical hotel room but definitely not a Vegas going big style room. The thing that really annoyed me about this place was that they ran out of DO NOT DISTURB signs.  Yup, you read it right, they ran out.  I think our entire floor, only two rooms had it, therefore, every morning I would get a freaken housekeeping knock and they don't come one time only.  They came like 2-3 times.  What made me even more irritated was that we even called housekeeping the first night and said we don't want any housekeeping for our entire stay.  Another, thing was that we bought an extra half of day stay for Monday because our flight wasn't till 8, so our checkout was at 4. Again, around 1 we had another housekeeping knock and she was asking us what time we were checking out.  There is a serious lack of communication at this hotel.
2	It stinks of raw sewage and the bathrooms are awful!
2	This is no luxury hotel, the stay was fine, but the service was not respectful. House keeping was sparse and our rooms were never stocked with towels nor were our bed sheets clean. Every now and then they'd be tucked in but still dirty.I wraped my swimming trunks in a towel which housekeeping removed from the room and they cant find it and refuse to reimburse me for their mistake.The casino is also garbage, dont gamble here unless you want to loose money.The free shuttle service is always late by 10-20 minutes.The luggage service is very nice, that was the only nice part of the hotel.
3	Oh Harrahs. What are ya doin' to me? We'll always have love for Harrahs just because it's in the middle of most of the crap we like to do however there are things that need to be discussed my fellow yelpers. They did not have the room we reserved until somewhere between 4 and 6 pm. I have never heard of a hotel making you wait all day for your room. Luckily we wanted to upgrade from what we picked anyway and of course the pricey room that we wanted was available lol. I just felt the upgraded room wasn't as upgraded as it could have been given the cost. The room had two flat screen tv's but each without hd reception because neither tv had an hdmi cable attached. The hot tub was only big enough for one person and even saying that is a bit of a stretch. Prepare to have your legs dangle way off of the tub. Even though they claimed the internet connection could be wireless I was completely unable to get the wifi going and I'm an advanced compute user. I had to be wired. This was really annoying especially since they didn't have the right cable lying around. I had to call down for one. These annoyances were totally eclipsed by the fact that they are completely ass backwards with regards to their air conditioning. We were in the new tower with the infamous 'green' air conditioning. AKA The hotel is too damn cheap to wanna pay a lot for their electric bill despite this room costing a lot of money. The green air conditioning I'm referring to is the infamous one that goes on when you move. It has a damn sensor. Unless you move in your sleep quite a bit or your partner likes to sleep walk prepare to be hot at night. We had the sensor disabled by the staff only to find it turned on again another day. Totally annoying considering the price of the room. We had them disable it again but all in all I just feel that if you're going to spend the money for an upgraded room then all the creature comforts of the room should be upgraded as well.
4	If you are looking for a 4 star hotel with gorgeous rooms and beautiful furniture with soft fluffy pillows and nice sheets/blankets with a ginormous tub...then Harrah's is NOT for you. This is definitely not a luxury hotel. But if you are looking for a hotel that has friendly dealers...then you're in luck. Whenever my friend and I travel to Las Vegas, we find ourselves spending a lot of time at Harrah's. We're mostly Blackjack players, but we venture out and play some other table games once in a while. The dealers here are super duper nice. They actually want you to win. They smile at you. They give "high fives" and "dabs!" Of course every now and then you'll get a grumpy head, but most times these dealers are fun to play with. Another great thing about Harrah's is the comps. If you're a gambler, it is fairly easy to earn comps here. Like I stated before this is no Venetian suite nor is it a Bellagio room (I've never stayed at the Bellagio but I'm pretty darn sure), but its decent. It's good enough. We're normally out gambling anyway, we're hardly in the room. Another great thing is its located in the middle of the strip. And they have Keno. Did you know that Venetian, Palazzo and Paris don't have Keno??? Like most casino nowadays, there is a party pit by the door. The Flavors Buffet is also pretty good. We tried The Range which is a steak house and didn't enjoy ourselves. I guess because we look young, we were treated really badly. But that's another review. If you like country music, Toby Keith's Bar is also here. Parking is also very simple. If you're looking for a cheaper place to stay, this is it!
2	Formerly LOVED Harrahs because of all they have to do there and its location to everything cool on the strip. Now I guess we are at a like. This last trip to Vegas, Harrahs disappointed me. When we go on vacation, we wait all year for this 1 week. It HAS to be great. I dont want 1 problem or screw up while I am away. We booked a regular room at Harrahs because at the time of the booking through jetblue.com, the upgraded suite with jacuzzi was insanely expensive (and for more $$ we knew we could get a better room at Palazzo or Venetian or even Paris) so we kept the regular room. Upon check in, I asked if our regular room was ready (it was about noon there). She said No. It wont be ready till later, between 4-6 pm. This is nuts. I have NEVER waited that long to get a room in Vegas. The whole point of coming in early is so you feel you have an extra day in Vegas. Waiting all day for the room wastes the day. I had no room key, so I couldnt hit the pool, etc. Then I asked if there were any available upgrades. The registration rep said Yes, there is a jacuzzi suite that was just renovated in the older Mardi Gras tower you can have... for an additional $350 for the week. Now this wasnt bad because it was 4th of July weekend and all, so we took it. Upon getting into the room, it was renovated and gorgeous and updated, and HUGE but theres no jacuzzi. I called back downstairs and the girl insists theres a jacuzzi in there. I told her its the same tub I have in my house and I didnt pay another $350 to bathe in this. Lol. So she makes us go back down and she looks for another room. She finds another recently renovated jacuzzi room with flat screens, etc in the same tower. But for some reason, this one  is a little more $$. Like $100 more for the week. At this time, we were tired, aggrevated, and of course, this room was available NOW. SO we took that one. We wanted to get our day/vacation started. We get upstairs- gorgeous. Very nice. We get settled, and go eat and swim.Then at night, we get back to the room and its HOT. And this week in Vegas was mostly 100 and better. I check the air and its on... Apparently only when you are MOVING. WTF?? Apparently its a "green" innovation to not cool the room when you arent in it. I FLY downstairs, not thinking I should sweat for an additional $450, I ask if there is anyway the room could be COLD? The rep says they can come upstairs and disable the A/C. THIS IS KEY. Once they disable it, you are golden. A few nights before we left it was back on sensor mode and I complained again and had it fixed. Total bs for a more expensive room. Add to that, that my suite didnt even have Wi-Fi!! What year are  we living in?? Hampton Inns have Wi-Fi!! We had to be wired the whole time, which was annoying. I had this huge suite and could only get online on the bed. (when we first tried to connect to online, there was no ethernet cable. They gave it to us, and then we saw there was no POWER cable to the modem. Had to call back down for that.) Alot of nonsense for a top suite we paid alot extra for. Next time, we would prob get a suite or upgraded room somewhere else like Paris, Palazzo (where theyre all suites), Venetian, SIgnature, etc. We have stayed alot of places, and Signature had the best jacuzzi tub. HUGE! We both fit in there comfortably. Unlike this one at Harrahs. It was one person at a time in the tub (really, what s the point of that??? LOL!) AND its still not long enough to have your whole body in tub. I am 5'4 and my legs and feet stuck out of the jacuzzi tub. All that time and extra money for a tub we couldnt enjoy together. Tsk tsk Harrahs. They did all these awesome renovations and they made a teeny tub. Sad.
2	The rooms were ok...Nothing special..The hallways near the elevators were smelly. Needs renovations...I definitely will not pay to stay here. I was offer a free room. The location was the only thing I liked about it. Check in line was slow...Total rewards was a mess. They cater to Seven Stars and Diamond level players. They get priority throughout the hotel.
4	Great place to stay and gamble!!  Rooms are ok.  Big and I mean big casino!!  Be sure to check in with either Facebook or Foursquare to get special deals!  Plus, if are a Total Rewards card member, Topguest will add 50 points to your card if you check in with Facebook or Foursquare!
4	Any time I go Las Vegas and want to stay on the Strip, Harrah's is the hotel I choose.  The location of Harrah's is excellent-right in the middle of the Strip. The rooms are nice, clean, comfortable and the price is very reasonable.  Harrah's is not too big, so you don't have to walk a mile to get out of the hotel. Around the hotel there are tons of places to eat inexpensively. For the room choice, I often ask for the one in Carnival Tower which is away from the noisy Carnival Court.  All deluxed rooms are renovated, so they are all good. I used to stay in Madi Gras Tower a few times, no problem with the noise either, but some said it's noisy. Anyway the rooms in Madi Gras Tower are a bit smaller then those in Carnival Tower. If you're not looking for a very luxurious hotel, just a hotel with good clean comfortable room and lively atmosphere, then I think you won't be disappointed with Harrah's.
2	Okay, I might be biased because I stayed at a different hotel. I didn't even stay here so I am reviewing their casino floor. Stuffy is the word for it. My husband and I walked through several casinos and their floor plan couldn't compare to the others. Okay, so it's an older casino but can't they renovate to keep up with their neighbors?
3	As soon as I went inside this place, the music was bumping!  I like it all ready.Go directly to sign up for the Player's Card.  When you sign up you get $5 for free to gamble.  I won probably like $6 bucks :)There's lots of people here, more then other casinos.  It's pretty big and they have different price range on slots.  I believe the starting price for tables are $5.  It's pretty cool to check out, especially the $5 they give you to gamble for free.
3	Harrah's was surprisingly good in my opinion. This is definitely one of the older casinos on the strip, but the rooms were really nice for the price.We stayed in the Mardi Gras tower overlooking the pool (although I would have much rather preferred a view of the strip from the Carnival tower). The room was nice. The beds had pillow-top mattresses, which were very comfortable. There was a decent flat screen TV (an upgrade from the small old box TVs in a lot of casinos). The room was furnished nicely with furniture from Lay-Z-Boy. The bathroom was also nice and had a small TV in there that I absolutely loved. The shower tub was big and had a nice seated area as well. The casino was good, with a lot of choices in table games. I also have never seen so many slot machines in one casino. I also like the sports book a lot, they had some great comfortable couches to watch the games at. It isn't the flashiest casino, but they have kept it up well and would consider staying there again.
3	Went here a year ago and I had an AMAZING experience a year later today I had just an OK experience IDK what happened but they were completely lacking something. I used to rave about this buffet but now its just eh. I guess since my experience prior was awesome that my expectations were really high the second time around. Great dessert options and the food was good. I guess just not AMAZING lol. Idk if they changed the menu but something sure did change! Keep it original ! :\
2	I really would like to give another half star, maybe...for the price alone and the room was clean.  However the check in was horrible and the associate who checked me in was so rude.  I was asking simple questions regarding my pre payment of the room and she was completely annoyed.  It was her fault I questioned the reservation to begin with because she mentioned charges, but I've had the room paid for a month ago.  My room wasn't ready until after 4, so I had to wait and then even after I went and did some sight seeing, came back, it was an additional half hour wait.  The associate at the information desk checking on my room was much more pleasant, but he's leaving in 3 weeks...nice.  Like I said, the room was clean, but after having spent the first 2 nights in Vegas at the Palms Place in a suite, it just didn't compare.  I was only at Harrah's for one night, but it just seems so chaotic and dirty in the lobby and in the casino.  I was catching a 6 a.m. flight the next morning, went to get in the elevator from the 18th floor at 3:30 a.m. and it took over 10 minutes for the elevator to come.  I had to call the front desk and let them know...they were going to send maintenence up, but as far as I know he never showed because once I got off the elevator, he was walking in the opposite direction.  Overall, the price was right for sleeping in a clean room for one night, but I don't think I would go out of my way to stay at this Harrah's property again.
3	Basic 3-star hotel. Small, dated rooms but staff is mostly very friendly.  Great place to stay if you want a great location and a more "old-school Vegas" feel.Worst part is the parking at Harrah's. Even the valet area is a pain to get to.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!! OUR ROOM WAS BURGLARIZED WHILE WE SLEPT!!!My mom and dad stayed at Harrah's Las Vegas in May 2011 and their room was burglarized while they slept. The thief got away with my mom's bag. The next morning, they immediately went down to the front desk to report the crime. They filled out an incident report and a security guard accompanied them to their room. He looked at the door lock and said it was broken. That it should close automatically and wasn't working properly. The thieves got in because of a broken door!My mom filed a police report and a claim with the hotel's third party administrators and it was summarily denied. They would not accept any responsibility for the broken door or the danger they put my parents in. Thank goodness it was only her purse that was stolen and they were not hurt.Extremely dissatisfied with the lack of concern that Harrah's shows for its guests and their safety. Will never be patronizing them or their other brands including, but not limited, to: Caeser's, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Rio, Flamingo, Imperial Palace, and Bally's.
2	Um... so I have no idea how much better being part of their rewards program makes the stay, but maybe there is a floor of better and newer rooms that I didn't get access to this time around.We had originally booked @ Flamingo and was called the morning of our stay for a complementary upgrade to a mini-suite in Harrah's. I confirmed that we would be given two beds and we accepted. We arrived to check in and lo and behold, no suites with two beds. Did they upgrade us? No. Instead they gave us a room with a pull out sofa, granted it was a "petite" suite which essentially means it's a larger room with more room for a pull out sofa, not a real suite. Were there apologies made since we had paid more for our room at Flamingo but was now being given sloppy seconds? No. We asked if we could have our bed made? Yes of course! When we arrived in the room? No. Called housekeeping to get the sofa bed made for me, and was hung up on. Called again to be sent to voicemail. Called again to get the same rude lady who didn't apologize for hanging up, just that she had "heard me." The housekeeping lady on our floor was nice enough but failed to bring pillows... Other small things - the remote barely worked and was sticky (don't go there), the tub drain was plugged, the soundproof-ness from hallway to room is pretty much nonexistent, the a/c is LOUD, and this isn't really their fault, but everything is old. Sadly, if customer service had been better most of these things wouldn't have bothered me. But unfortunately Harrah's has apparently stopped training its staff (at least the ones we were in touch with). Shame.
2	Harrah's Is good for a group of peeps who just wanna have a chilled night on the strip and not looking to do anything crazy. They have "The Improv" which Is a really good comedy club, The piano bar which has karaoke nights and live music nightly, The carnival court Is good for dancing and people watching and The Numb Bar has yummy frozen drinks.
3	Comfortable room in a central location.   Dealers were friendly and helpful.  Fun slots included Star Trek and Lord of the Rings which were like adventure video games that kept my husband amused.  It wasn't fancy, but it seemed very vintage Las Vegas and I liked it for that.  Beds were super comfortable.  Nice crowd, not too dressed up, but not shabby.
3	I don't know why everyone is rating this buffet so low. I went for breakfast during the week and it was good. I had a little of everything but my favorite was chicken fried steak topped with gravy. This wasn't a large buffet so not much to choose from but the food is yummy and the prices are decent. I think it was $15/ea for breakfast.
4	Great clean newer suite with nice amenities. Pleasant desk staff. Thank you hotwire.
1	The Rates were good.. but there is no rate worth paying if you end up getting bitten by BED BUGS!!!! The rooms seemed ok.. but within the sheets lie Creepy Critters that left me with a second dose of CHICKEN POX!!! Obviously.. the sheets were either unchanged or they wash their laundry in a puddle of ticks and fleas!! Do not stay at this Hotel.. heed to my warning.. or end up seriously "Ticked Off"!
2	My main gripe with this hotel is the unfriendly unvegas-like staff. Most of the time when I stay in vegas, the staff treats me with a great deal of respect and hospitality, regardless of how cheap the hotel rooms are. This was not the case here.I requested 2 attached rooms for my party. When I checked in, they gave me 2 rooms on different floors. I told them that I needed 2 attached rooms, but they told me nothing was available until tomorrow. I accepted this and waited until the next day. The next day I went down and requested my room change. The entire time the check in lady was fixing this error, she was sighing and rolling her eyes at me like I was wasting her time... I wanted to tell her off saying that they are wasting my time, not the other way around, but I held back.Anyway, the rooms are the pretty standard $35 a night rooms in vegas. Oh and btw, the $20 trick almost never works here.
2	I booked 3 nights for my husband's 30th birthday. The hotel has some pluses: decent price, good buffet, nice location mid-Strip. But the negatives completely outweigh these pluses. First, we couldn't check in until 4:30pm, which is extremely inconvenient when you have your bags with you (they'll store them for $10 per bag!). Second, $12 per day for internet?Third, when we finally got to our room it had a strange sulfury smell, which we later figured out was the water. It was knock-you-over strong every time we entered the room. Fourth, the room was not clean. After waiting so long to check in I would have expected it to be spotless. There was a torn up porno magazine on the bedside table, along with the previous guest's room keys and paperwork. Housekeeping did respond quickly when we asked for pillows that were not down (I'm allergic), but overall the room was very disappointing.I wouldn't stay here again.
1	I have never stayed here myself but I did do some exploring around to see what they had to offer.  This is my story:Walking up to the hotel you see all these bright lights that are characteristic of Vegas.  Once you get in, you see that the lights are there to blind you so that you do not see the how dirty, crappy and run-down it is inside.Went the an event at their Carnaval (sp?) and had an okay time..... cover was decent and bartenders were crazy with the drinks (that's the one star).Went on the dance floor and noticed security snuffing out anyone having fun.  Seriously, security needs to take a giant step back.  I had some skeezy guy come up to me (which is normal I suppose) and security did nothing even though he was right there and I was vocalizing my distaste while being called a bitch by said skeez-ball.  I see a crowd next to me having fun and getting rowdy with some friendly moshing and security jumps on them.Dude the guy on stage was stage diving and you expect people in the crowd not to start moshing or carrying people on their shoulder?  Ridiculous!So just remember if you're looking to have fun, security will stop you.  If you're looking to rape someone or get raped, feel free to do so.This place sucks ass.  If I had some super powers that would let me destroy this place I would.
3	As a last minute stress-reducer I was surprised with a 2-night staycation in a suite at Harrah's over the weekend. (Yes, my friends are awesome.)Check-in on a Saturday evening was about what we expected, 15 minutes or so to get to the counter but once we were there, it was fast and painless.The 21st floor of the Mardi Gras tower is easily accessible, quiet, and really quite pretty. I think it's had a makeover over the past 5-6 years? It's been a while since I was here for anything other than dining but it all seems updated and a bit on the newish side - style and actual age/use.So far so good!The room was pretty, too, and I loved the sort of neo-retro black, white, and red decor. A little 60s throwback, a lot of "what's old is new again." Very comfortable, spacious, and a place for everything. The living room was quite large, the sofa and chair were comfortable, and the space was bright and welcoming. The bedroom was also large, darker and more conducive to sleep, with comfy furniture and a lot of storage. The bed and linens were uber soft and comfortable, as was the robe I wanted to live in all weekend. The TV in the bathroom mirror was a bit much for me, but that's probably because I am not really a TV gal. That said, when there was football on, it made it really convenient! I also loved the dual shower heads in the HUGE shower, and you know we took advantage of the massive jacuzzi tub! *contented sigh*Room service was efficient and friendly, though the bottle prices (in-room cocktail party!) made me think we'd have been better served (on a dollar for dollar basis) paying for drinks in the casino. Breakfast was hot, fresh and tasty (and, for room service, priced as expected).Lots of Yay! so far.But there's always that, meh, well, um... yeah... not so yay.Harrah's and related properties have been advertising "No Resort Fees!" all over the place. However, you will pay $12 per day PER DEVICE for internet service. I get that hotels charge different fees for various "resort charges" and such, but between the two of us, if we wanted internet on both phones and the iPad, it would have been $36 a day. #techfail #feefail They also want you to "Come Out and Play" at the Carnaval Court bar; an outdoor extension of the hotel casino with live music, gambling, and, of course, cocktail fun. But... there's a cover charge?! I walked back the 10 steps into the casino proper and had all the same amenities - in the air conditioning - without an additional cover. #logisticsfailThe mini bar was locked. They did not ask at the desk if we wanted to decline mini bar service, so we called downstairs to unlock it and were given the runaround. Finally, someone said that it shouldn't be locked (duh?) and that they would send maintenance to come and fix it. They never showed. #boozefail The casino bars were mostly good... "Numb" is an exception; it's too loud, aethestically out of place and therefore not pleasing. It's like Harrah's decided they needed a 5-stool bar/nightclub with lots of annoying colored lights and music that makes your ears bleed. Add that it's right by the exit to the Carnaval Court and shopping area outside and the dueling-pianos bar... Ugh. Make. It. Stop. #barfailEven with that it was, overall, a high-note kind of weekend. The restaurants were good (reviews incoming). The staff (aside from the lost maintenance guy who didn't fix our mini bar) was efficient and friendly, valet was fast when needed, and overall the space was nice. It's a solid, 3-star, busy and fun place on the Strip. I had a good time and I can definitely see doing it again.
2	I stayed here on a business trip due to the property's proximity to the Sands Expo and the other good hotels nearby were sold out already.Pros:-close to sands expo-room was cleanCons:-HORRIBLE reception desk service (slow, long waits)-room smelled like total smoke even though it was a non smoking room-no wifi-bad bathroom toiletries (no conditioner!)-very confusing to navigate the layout. I got lost several times -room was either freezing, or hot and stuffyAll in all, I would not stay there again.
4	We now stay here once a year when we attend our annual convention in the fall as the hotel is close to the Sands expo center and  the price is right ( about $100/ night average) over a W,Th. and Fri night stay. The pool is not great but we rarely have time to go there. If you plan on spending a lot of time here, find somewhere else, but if all you need is a place to sleep and grab a quick coffee and roll in the morning at Starbucks ( the one upstairs from the lobby is a lot less busy in the A.M) then tthis place can't be beat for the price. We have never had any problems with theft, noise, bed bugs, etc. It's not a 5 star hotel and you get what you pay for. We'll definitely be back as I sure don't need to spend $200/ night or more at some swanky hotel if all I'm going to do is sleep there.
5	My wife and I  just returned from the best  overnight trip to Harrah's on 9/30! Excellent service, starting with the valet then on to front desk for check in, cocktail service, and EVEN the slot technician.  Everyone had the best attitude and courtesy I have experienced from a casino.Nice work Harrah's we will be back for more.
3	My bf and I go to Vegas often, so we have a player's card at Harrahs (& whatever casinos are combined) but they give you discounted rates for a room. Which came in handy because I had to book a room last minute on a weekend. It came out to be $95 a night! NICE. Cheapest "okay" place on the strip, on the middle of the strip. Imperial palace is gross, at least Harrah's is not like that so I like booking here.Tables are cheap, you can find pai gow for $10, you can play 3 card poker for $5, blackjack for $5, and slots. This is where you'll find the real gamble-holics. You won't find the pretty girls, or bachelor's guys. Cheap stay, on the strip, nothing fancy, not flashy, no bs. Rooms are old, non-smoking smells like smoking, old employees.
3	Harrah's is just so boring to me. And just sooo average. Nothing great or of particular note is contained in Harrah's. And the rooms, while nice and clean and perfectly acceptable, leave something to be desired. What is nice is the exclusive area for high-point earners (Platinum and Diamond club members). It's large enough to not seem crowded, but still small enough to still be intimate. And there's a free buffet and free drinks. Hint: You can bring in one guest who isn't a member.The other thing that is nice about Harrah's is its location. It's right in the middle of the Strip and a convenient walk to lots of better places.
1	I lost my laptop in the Mardigras tower hotel room. Though I kept it in not so obvious place in the room (their locker is not big enough to keep a laptop). I was not there only for 3 hours and by the time I came back my laptop gone missing. It seems like they don't really care about the customers, manager says this should be taken care by the risk management team, and the risk management team says don't talk to us till 72 hrs, and even after 72 hrs they say they outsourced the investigation to some outsource guys.     They just need our money, and don't worry about any security, Imagine what else can happen when we are not there in the room. Rooms are also not very good. Unless you got nothing to loose with you don't go here.
1	I stayed here the past month and did not like it at all. The hotel and lobby was full of smoke and it seemed like all the other hotels had a better way of getting rid of all the smoke. Nothing really exciting to see and no luck winning at the tables.
4	I stayed at Harrah's this week for one night and was surprised how nice it was compared to the price I paid.  There was a 10-12 min wait for check in, but that would be the biggest complaint. The room was clean and comfortable and even had a nice view of the volcano at the Mirage.  Parking was convenient (free!).     My friends on expense accounts stayed at Paris and Cesaers for 3-4 times what I paid and I didn't think they got 3-4x the value.
4	I stayed here during my last trip to Vegas and I must say, it was a nice stay. The room was a nice size and had all of the amenities that I was looking for this trip. Right by the elevator, there's a starbucks on the first AND second floor.  You can NEVER go wrong by putting a Starbucks right by my elevator! The hotel was clean and pretty easy to navigate.
1	I stayed at Harrah's the past week and it sucked.The room I was given was in the Mardi Gras tower and it was WORSE than the room I got from my previous stay. Also it was more expensive than before.This is the MAIN hotel of Chinese tourists straight from Communist China. All setup by tourist agencies. Due to the influx of business from them, along with the language barrier, some employees will stereotype all Asians as if they don't speak the English language.My dad was shocked when he changed a pocket full of coins that me and him got from the extra "tight" machines for $1 bills. The black guy at the cashier who helped him asked him if he spoke English. WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT ALL ABOUT? Can management err.. incompetent management explain this BS to me?When I checked into my room, the bathtub had a clogged drain. I called front desk and they sent up a maintenance guy who had a bad attitude. Right when he got there to unclog the tub drain he gave me a snide remark about why I was standing there? He said "you want me to teach you something?" WTF?So after asshole leaves, me and my dad left the room shortly after. I saw the same maintenance guy next door and the guest there was PISSED!!! Perhaps he had a similar issue with the clogged drain, or perhaps the maintenance guy himself?The slot machines here are tighter than a 30-yr old virgin. The tables are hit or miss and the amount of smoke is ridiculous. From what I saw at the slot machines and tables, it looked like half of Philip Morris' customers on the Vegas strip were staying at this hotel.+1 star: cheap cost of hotels, good location to Venetian and Bellagio.-1 star: Racially stereotype customers, even though they are filling the hotel's rooms.-1 star: SUPER tight slot machines. Nothing drops besides the bills in your wallet.-1 star: poor maintenance of bath tub drains.-1 star: I don't like to be in a Philip Morris cigarette commercial.
4	We just got back from a three day mini vaca in Vegas. We stayed in the Carnival Tower. We have absolutely no complaints about this hotel or casino.  The room was very clean, no issues with anything at all. We didn't order from room service although we almost did for coffee. $12 for a pot, nope, we opted for Starbucks down stairs. Our curbside luggage pick up was fantastic, they brought the luggage to us, it was worth the tip. We came expecting smokey casinos, long lines and tons of tourists. This is Vegas after all. Halloween weekend seems to be an adventurous time to be there. The freaks are extra freaky! We didn't see any shows, but did wander across the street for the Dolphin exhibit at the Mirage, ventured to the Stratosphere to view the strip at night. The main reason we were in town was for the PBR World Finals. That was the coup de gras! I would definitely stay here again.
3	stay here often. its close to everything, and is reasonably affordable most of the time. Toby Keith's, is fun and i enjoy the food.... Thank you and good night
4	I honestly think Harrahs is the best value in all of Vegas.Hear me out.They have entertainment galore, some of the best low-cost, high-value shows such as Legends, Caveman, and Improv. They also have tons of free entertainment including Toby country bar, dueling pianos, all-star karoake party, and Carnaval Court. I am a humongous fan of Carnaval Court. The rooms are just OK but they are nice-sized and comfy. The buffet is sweet. It's center-strip, where all the action is. It's a bright casino which is cheerful even if you lose. The only issue with Harrahs is the slots.....Can I win something? Anything? A nickel? Please? Ok, fine then. -1
2	I actually tend to really like Harrah's casinos. This one, however, not so much. The one in AC is so much better, which is ironic since AC is a dirty version of Vegas. My opinion may be swayed by the issue we had upon arrival. Having flown in from Philly and arriving early (11am) I did anticipate an issue checking in early. They offered to let us check in for a $25 early check in fee per room (2 rooms on our reservation). We opted to get into only one room early- so we could at least have our luggage in the same space. The lady checking us in said to call at 2pm to see if the room was ready- it would be ready earliest at 2pm latest at 4pm. 4pm rolls around and they tell us "Check is is between 4pm and 6pm" and that the room still isn't ready. How is this even possible? We ask for the $25 back since the second room on our reservation still isn't available, and we were told it would be. They proceed to say they never told us that. Once again I feel I need to travel with a tape recorder on me at all times. In the end, after spending 40 minutes at the check in counter, both rooms were available and I had my $25 back. In all honesty, I'd prefer my 40 minutes back. It was so unnecessary, and tiring. It just really left a bad taste in my mouth- I can't handle poor attitudes and everyone we dealt with that day had one. I found this to be strange, since I've rarely encountered such cranky people in Vegas. I think it has something to do with the Oxygen they pump - perhaps the tanks were empty that day. In addition, the casino is OK, just OK, nothing wonderful. The bar options aren't that appealing, and the food options even less appealing.
2	The room was nice, but the hotel and casino was not layed out very well. It took me the entire trip to figure out my way around. The pool is the worst I have seen in Vegas. There is no sun on the pool at all. You have to go up to another deck away from the pool to find any sun. I would not stay here again.
3	First time here, this place is small, compact and feels crowded.  We took the tour today, catching the mono rail at the Hilton and riding it all the way to the MGM for an all day pass of $12, you can get off and on as many times as you want.  This was one of our stops.  I don't think we would have stopped by had it not been the ease of the mono rail.  We wanted to give it a walk through to help us decide if it's worth bringing the family by.  At this point there are so many other casino's that we'll leave this one for a later day.
2	My least favorite of the Caesar Ent hotels. Kind of a small casino. Another comped room so we gave it a try twice. Staff is friendly. Hotel gets very crowded and there is not much walking space. Rooms are decent. Not very big, but they do the trick. Just make sure you do not get rooms with connecting doors. You can hear EVERYTHING going on in the next room (not fun at 6:00 am hearing a drunken argument).Best thing about the hotel is its center strip. I still wouldn't stay here if I had to pay.
1	This was the worst casino we visited while in Vegas. The low ceilings, the large crowds and the lack of intelligent navigational signs (which seem to not be a problem at any other casino) made me want to get out of here...and fast. I would never return to this casino and since you can't stay in a hotel in Vegas without being subjected to their casino, I would never book a room here either. One word: Gross.
2	Two stars says it best: "Meh. I've experienced better."  I had to stay here last weekend because I was outvoted by my travel companions who chose Harrah's because of cost.  On the upside, my room was spacious, the hotel is relatively small, so it only takes a couple of minutes to get out of it, and the staff was helpful and friendly (during check in, check out, and in the convenience store).  For the downside....Unlike the larger casinos, there is no place to sit that is not a restaurant or a gaming machine/table.  This is a problem when you want to just chill for a minute after walking miles up and down the street or when you want to people watch.  And trust me, you want to people watch here - you really do.  The shower in my room had very little water pressure; it was like showering in a spring rain. This sounds good in theory but is not that great when you also have a drainage problem.  So while I took my light shower I had to stand in a pool of water. My travel buddies and I sat at a table in the one restaurant at around 10PM and was told that they were about to close so we had to leave.  And since his English wasn't that great, we didn't really understand what he was saying so it took a few minutes to figure out that he was kicking us out.  It was a tad annoying to be kicked out and have trouble figuring out that's what was happening.  It was also annoying that our only other seating choice was the country bar that was packed with National Rodeo guests.  (Note: Cowboy/cowgirl attire can be very attractive if done right.)And the smoke...  I still don't understand why anyone smokes because the smell is so awful.  And in this casino, the filtering isn't as good as the other casinos so you can't escape it.  A few minutes walk through the casino and hotel lobby and it's on you. Ashtray perfume all night - sexy!I would never stay here again - even if I stayed in one hotel and my travel companions were in another one.  And if you're reading this and are upset by my two stars, then I have to believe that you haven't experienced better than Harrah's, and for that I'm sorry. ...  And we should talk because there is better out there - even in Vegas.
4	I stayed in a non-renovated room in the carnival tower (comp room) and it wasn't bad at all. The room was very clean, fairly large, and had a decent view of the strip. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in, it was almost better than my bed at home.There were a couple of odd things, the TV was large enough but was a mid 90s tube style, there is no wi-fi in the rooms, only Ethernet, and use your cell phone for all you calls as hotel phone rates are very high even toll free calls have a service charge, long distance billed to room is$11.42 for the first min and  $1.77 each additional. I didn't use the phone, just happened to notice the sign and though it was crazy. This isn't the newest or flashiest hotel on the strip and the casino is kind of small and oddly laid out, but the rooms aren't bad and my wife said she actually liked this room more than the upgraded room at Paris from a previous trip. You also can't beat the mid-strip location Harrah's offers. Don't expect the Wynn but if you're looking for a good room in a great location Harrah's is a solid option.
3	Dead center strip locale. Affordable rooms for broke college students. Above average accommodations for price range. Overall decent party hotel.
2	First time in years we've stayed at Harrah's. While I love the casino, I don't know if  we'll be staying here again.We booked the room using AA vacations so we could use my airlines miles. When we got here they said they had no regular king rooms available. Had the area been booming with jolly Christmas tourists, I'd believe it. But I've never seen so few people in Vegas, so I have to believe we got a base room because we used my airline miles instead going directly through Harrah's. The room itself isn't horrible. Think La Quinta. However, the bathtub faucet won't quit running, we're directly over the heat/air units so there's a constant whirring. Also the bathroom lighting is yellow, so putting makeup on is a trial. The bed in comfy though, so that's a plus. Don't plan on using the TV while in the room. Even The Weather Channel is bad; however, you don't come to Vegas for TV, so maybe I should give the lousy cable/satellite service props for getting customers out in the gaming rooms spending money.The cafe was one of the biggest disappointments. almost $30 for eggs, bland potatoes and sausage links. You can definitely do better elsewhere on the strip. I wish we'd stood in the Starbucks line, grabbed coffee and banana nut bread instead.AND the Starbucks Internet that's free everywhere else, isn't free in Harrah's if you book through an AA Vacations program. I think we'll be back at MGM next time we come to town. One positive: the housekeeping and maintenance people are beyond nice.Also we wanted a late check out. When we checked in the girl at the desk said it wouldn't be a problem and if we'd just call down the day we left, the front desk would take care of that for us. She said it might cost $20 for a half day rate. When we tried to do so, the front desk person said no. Or yes, but only if we paid for an entire extra day. We already knew we wouldn't stay at Harrah's again, but this just sealed the deal.
4	During Cyber Monday, I found a great deal at Harrah's classic room for about $22/night. Be sure to check it out if your planning to go during the holidays next year. The classic room was in the Mardis Gras Tower. It was not renovated, but for an extra $15 fee, you can get a renovated room which had amenities like pillow top mattresses and more. We stuck with the basic and I was pretty impressed with what we got. It's nothing too fancy. There is no flat screen but a tube tv that had cable. Harrah's does not have wifi but it's available for about $8 a day. The bathroom was extremely clean and comes with a hair dryer (some hotels don't come with it all the time). The bed was super comfy, and I'm glad to report no bed bugs!We had lunch at the buffet downstairs and while it's no Bellagio buffet, it was pretty good. If you are wanting to watch any of the shows at Harrah's, be sure to look for coupons at the lobby for shows/buffet deals. Overall, the hotel served its purpose for me. The checkout time took extremely long but that was expected for the holidays. Also, check in time was at noon and checkout time was at 11 am. While we were waiting to head out to the airport, we were able to store our luggage at the hotel for no fees while walking around the city.
1	awful.  mini suite room - more expensive no couch room was run down.  shower controls didn't work.  hair dyer broken. iron - ridiculous "no steal" coil made it impossible to use.  windows so dirty you couldn't see through them . room service got a simple one entree order wrong. no tea avaialble, not to mention there was no tray to put the coffee, tea, creamer on ---- in the bathroom. GROSS   would NEVER stay here again and I am pretty easy to please.  NASTY  NASTY NASTY
1	My husband and I came here to gamble during our stay in Las Vegas.  Never again!  The service was just all around terrible.  We got carded about 10 times probably.  I mean, we look young..but come on!  The dealers we had were just awful, we were at the BlackJack table.  The guy that was there carded us, and then 5 minutes later he changed shifts with an older lady who carded us again right in the middle of our game!  Kind of ridiculous I thought.  She was just absolutely terrible.  She was rude and just so cold.  I think her name was Beth or Mary, from Colorado.  When we were finally done with gambling, she rudely told us to give us her chips to switch them out and she just simply threw the chips down at us and didn't even bother to say "have a nice day."I can't imagine what this place is like as a hotel.
3	I stayed here a few days ago on the 28th and 29th.  As it was the end of the year and there was an upcoming New Years event, the whole city was crowded.  We stayed at one of the end of the hallway rooms within Carnaval Towers.  This meant a long walk from the elevators.  I thought that a room at such a spot would be quiet but it was unusually noisy during the night as either the walls are thin or the neighboring guests were loud.I got lost here a few times while wandering through the hallways on our floor.  I was surprised to find out that it is directly connected with Margi Gras tower.Our room itself was nice and clean.  Although the TV was an old fashioned CRT,it was functional.  Our mattresses were also nice and firm.  I also liked that the bathroom was clean and functional.  All and all, it was quite a decent room.The casino area on the ground floor seemed typical of what I expected of a Las Vegas hotel.  The smell of cigarette smoke lingers everywhere and the slot machines are loud on the dimly lit floor.One thing that I did not like were pushy salespeople attempting to sell timeshares.  I'm not sure if they were part of the hotel but they were stationed at the doorways and said that they held their sales presentation at this hotel.
2	Here's the short of it:  The management is letting this place slide, and it shows.Just about everything here is understaffed.  The buffet; understaffed.  The reception desk; understaffed.  The cafe; understaffed.  Heck, the cafe is only open for 5 hours, during the morning hours...and is completely overpriced.  Getting any kind of service, at *any* level is a chore and very time consuming.  It's painfully obvious that Harrahs went through a cost-cutting audit, and the staff got the biggest axe.Wifi is there, but hella hard to connect to.  When you can connect, there's a daily fee. (I think it was $15/day, but I might be wrong)  You're better off with your cell-phone internet connection.The rooms are all noisy.  Period.  Either you're above the Carnival Court, which blasts music all night, or you're above the industrial sized HVAC system, which just bellows 24/7.  To top it all off, if you're in the Carnival Tower, you get to hear the wonderful Venetian Clock next door ring....every...freaking...hour.The only redeeming factor is that Harrahs is pretty much dead-middle of the strip.  Venetian to the right, and Mirage / Caesars across the street.If you're looking for a mid-line hotel on the strip, ditch this place, and aim for Bally's or Monte Carlo.  If you can go a notch up, aim for Mirage.
3	This place is huge but not that well kept [compared to the hotels around it] so it really is a mini shock when I walked in right after gambling at the Venetian. I do like that they have $5 blackjack tables and $10 roulette tables but other than that I would only go there if I run out of things to do next time and also because they have pretty flashing lights. Ha ha. I must say as an artist though, the theme of their outside decor is pretty. :]
3	It was a good choice for CES. Reasonably priced and centrally located on the Strip. It is close to the monorail to get to the Convention Center and close to the Venetian for the CES satellite activities and shuttle.The bed was very comfortable, well above average for my recent hotel experiences. The room was reasonably clean but the area around the TV was dusty. The bathroom was small but clean. The floor was quiet. The staff were attentive.Wireless network was not free and AT&T 3G was spotty at best.The casino has rather poor ventilation and gets very smoky. Finding one's way out was predictably difficult and typical for Las Vegas.Kerry's Gourmet Burgers (KGB) had a very good lamb burger.
3	If Harrah's was a part of your group of friend, she wouldn't be the hottest, but she wouldn't be the most... homely either. She would be your average-looking, charming friend with a little kick to her. I recently stayed here over MLK weekend and I enjoyed myself! The things I loved about Harrah's was the location was super prime. It's located right in the middle of the strip so walking to and from hotel's wouldn't have been a huge problem, mind the cold winds blowing at me. The casino is pretty cheap. Not the cheapest I've seen but I still enjoyed it! There were always $10 blackjack and roulette tables. Sadly, there were no $5 tables but hey hey, I managed. The layout of the casino in relation to the lobby and guest elevators is pretty damn confusing. I know I circled around everything a couple times before I finally got the jist of it. The parking structure is located behind the hotel and can be accessed via Las Vegas Blvd if you turn right into the driveway right by the hotel and maneuver your way to the back. You can also access the structure going through the backroads via Audrie St to Winnick Ave and the structure is right off Winnick.  Overall, reasonably-priced, prime location, but there are just confusing aspects to the casino and parking structure. But that's Vegas! Not bad, Harrah's, not bad!
3	Uh, well, I guess I'm just a Vegas Strip snob, because I really felt like I was lowering my standards by going in this place.  HOWEVER, Hubby spent 2 hours at the craps table and came out waaaaay ahead, which is awesome and made the rest of our stay sooooo wonderful (happy Hubby = fun trip).  We saw "Defending the Caveman" here, and that was very good.  I would never STAY here (again, I'm apparently a snob), but we will now ALWAYS stop at Harrah's to play the tables.  Hence, the 3-star rating...
1	It is 2012. What kind of hotel does not have wifi? Not for fee and not for free. Period. My friend has a barn back in rural mid America it has wifi. Seriously. Harrahs has No. Wi Fi. Not at any price not free not for a fee. Motel 6 has wifi. McDonalds has wifi. Joe's laundry car wash and lube in south Podunk Mississippi has wifi. The Starbucks in Paris has wifi. The Starbucks in Harrahs does not. Is wifi so important? Yes, yes it is. You can only gamble so much. Harrahs is not where I will be staying ever again.  They have a callous toward customer needs and wants. So forget them and the horse they rode in on.
3	Just passing through to get to the monorail. Looks like they have a good selection of restaurants a buffet, oyster bar, cafe, toby keith's rest., ice pan and even a starbucks.
3	An older Vegas property and might need a bit of an update but its pretty solid. It has all the table games and I won some money so I can't complain too much. It's close to the Forum Shops and a lot of other things. The one really really annoying thing is how often they check ID's. If I'm playing at the tables and the dealer checked it, why does the next dealer who clearly saw me play need to check my ID again? It got ridiculous for someone who spent almost 2 days gambling there.
3	Nice happening spot on a Friday night. A little too crowded for my taste in the casino. If you consider staying in the hotel, be aware that the walls are thin at the mardi gras tower. Otherwise, rooms are nice and clean. Staff is super friendly and provide plenty of soaps and shampoo when requested. Satisfied with my stay.
1	This is for  POKER ROOMS at all Harrahs properties..$5.00 rake and $1.00 drop for dis and dat.. players are getting ripped off . why play at these properties when the better rooms like the Bellaggio and the Venetian only rake $4.00?
3	I have never actually stayed in this hotel, but I find myself walking through the casino everytime I am in Vegas. The highlight for me is the Toby Keith Bar- SO FUN! And that is generally my destination when in the casino.This casino definitely looks as old as it is and the decor doesn't stand a chance up against some of the newer hotels. But hey, it's a Vegas classic and you can't fault it for that! Not only that, but it is in a good central location on the strip.Overall, I would never stay here but like I said before, I always find myself inside one way or another. If you find yourself inside, make your way to the Toby Keith bar- it won't dissapoint!
3	I came here with my husband to celebrate my cousins' anniversary and we wanted rooms next to each other.  They didn't have any available, but they did upgrade us to a suite to share!  The room had a spanish-esque feel to it and it was a little older.  My cousin's door wouldn't close all the way (used a chair to keep it closed) and our shower knob was broken.  We didn't care though because the room costed more than both of ours combined and it had a little bar where we pre-partied.Harrah's wouldn't normally be my first choice, but all the other hotels were ridicously expensive since it was Super Bowl weekend.
4	We stayed here for 2 nights, we had not originally booked our room here but since Flamingo had over book and moved us to the Harrahs with a free upgrade this is where we ended up.  No big deal. When we got to our room we were happy the Flamingo had messed up our reservation.  We ended up in a suite for the same price of $28 per night.  The room was recently renovated and overlooked the strip.  Very nice room.The only thing I have to complain about is the elevator which scared the sh*t out of us.  When we were coming down from the 19th floor it felt like the thing free fell and then made a sudden stop around floor 15.  The next day we found out someone else got stuck in the same elevator for 20 mins.  Other than the broken elevator was great location and nice room,
3	If you are looking for a hotel room to drop your stuff in and enjoy the Vegas strip, the price is right to make this home base. The place is average enough and the casino pretty mediocre for strip standards. If you want Vegas Luxury, go across the street to Caesars. Don't eat the buffet! I got horrible food poisoning that ruined 24 hours of my trip from that place. Good gracious I was sicker than a Kebler elf that found out he was allergic to chocolate.
4	Stayed at Harrah's over President's Day weekend 2012. First, the hotel was sold out both nights I was there and the common areas were mobbed at times. There was a long line at check-in when I arrived but it moved fairly quickly. Upon my request, I was given a room in a quiet location on the19th floor of the Carnival Tower. The room was indeed quiet, clean and had almost no issues. A minor issue was that for some reason in the middle of the night the water pressure in the tub began to make a noise and water trickled out of the faucet for a few minutes then stopped. Annoying but tolerable. This happened both nights. I was caught off guard with no wireless internet in the room (forgot to check beforehand) which sucked because it rendered my iPad useless. Nevertheless, I wasn't in the room that long. The Starbucks at the base of my elevators was very convenient even if the long lines were not.Harrah's location on the strip is hard to beat, access to everything is right outside the doors including the monorail. The parking garage was relatively easy to find, as is the bus depot for tours. Hotel staff was courteous and helpful, one guy came up to me asking if I needed help when I was looking for an ATM. The casino floor was active and well lit, no odors (smoking, etc.). Harrah's is known for insane discounts and perks and, in fact, after 'checking in' on facebook I received an automated coupon for a free drink - to be redeemed before 7pm at any bar in the casino - which I did redeem after just showing my facebook page to the bartender. Pretty cool promotional idea.Bottom line is Harrah's is a good destination and very solid mid-tier Vegas Strip experience offering a great location to whatever you want to do. If you're on a budget or short stay it's a good value and should easily meet your needs. You can also take advantage of what upscale Caesar's has to offer right across the street. If you're not rockin' you're not livin' - JMP
4	I love Harrah's for the mass-roulette table.  Aside from that, it's your average hotel on the Strip.
3	This was my second stay at this hotel. The first visit was a few years ago and it was a good experience. This time, it was just ok. The positive - it's centrally located and has a monorail stop so it's very convenient. The staff were friendly and accommodating. There is a good selection of food at and around the hotel. It's a good place to put your stuff while you go hang out in Vegas. The room was clean. The negative - The water pressure was a bit low in the room and the water temperature was lukewarm at time. We reported this and they seemed to fix the water pressure but the temperature seemed to be affected by the time of day. The hotel just seems a bit older in general. There is no wi-fi, only wired internet. All in all, this is a decent place to stay but nothing overly impressive.
3	cheap place..lots of people. We got so confused with the 2 different towers in harrah's. The carnival and the Mardi Gras. If you're on the mardi gras and you checked in at the lobby, gotta walk further to get to the elevator. There are 2 different sides of the lobby/elevators that take you to the different towers. I didn't like harrah's because:-loud a/c --what the hell man, no one can sleep and even though we turned it off/down..it still came on and super loud. - the floor was wet...enough sad- the room was small like a motel and the bathroom lacked alot of the amenties for our stay- had to ask the housekeeper to repeatedly put more soap at our placeThe casino was ok, very loud and rowdy. We ate at their cafe for breakfast...ehh i definitely was missing out on the real LV (when i was at venetian).   But overall, for the price..it was ok. decent. supposedly.
1	There on business and not good.  No wireless except suites,  they have a cable connection but only worked one day.  Front desk was not helpful at all.  If you just go to gamble ok, NOT BUSINESS
2	I stayed at Harrah's for one night during a recent trip to Vegas due to other accomodations within my budget on the strip being sold out for that night.  I was glad I had only signed up for one night here as this place was just a step above what a Super 8 with a casino would be like.   My room in the Carnival tower was clean, however from the drab brown decor and antiquated television, it looked like the place had not been renovated since the 90s.  The bed was not terrible, but not as comfortable as in other strip hotels I have stayed in.  It was February and lows at night in Vegas were high 40s to low 50s; however, when I entered the room the air conditioning was blasting.  I turned it off and turned the thermostat to the heat option, but the fan just blew cold air all night.  There was only one blanket provided on the bed which was thin and inadequate to keep one warm in the cool dessert with no heat.   Since even budget motels such as Motel 6 and Super 8 have wifi these days, I expected a hotel I was paying $130 for also would; however, I was suprised to find that internet access at Harrah's is only available via an ethernet cord which i  found tucked away in a random dresser drawer while searching for an extra blanket.  Even when found, the ethernet cord did me no good as I had assumed this hotel would offer modern amenities and had only brought my Ipad with me.  I had mixed feelings about the other features of the hotel.  Like the room, the casino area appeared to not have been renovated in quite awhile and smelled of smoke in some areas.  The restaurant choices on site were mediocre; you can probably find something decent if you are willing to settle but if you are looking for a special meal Harrah's is not the place.   I did enjoy the Ice Pan ice cream near the monorail stop, the Piano bar, and the Carnival area outside right outside of the casino.   Luckily, Harrah's central location on the strip can't be beat and is within walking distance of most everything else on the strip that Harrah's doesn't offer.
3	This is a standard hotel with a pretty good location-you can walk to the other major hotels-Venetian, Cosmopolitan, Mirage, Planet Hollywood...etc etc.We had a great deal for the weekend, a bit over $100 for two nights.  Sure, the rooms aren't too fancy, but there's two queen beds, extra space to sleep on the floor, and a pretty roomy bathroom.  All you need is a place to crash for a couple nights, that still lets you walk around the strip, right?
5	Just had a wonderful stay at Harrah's!  Everyone was so nice and our room was comp for the 4 nights we were there, you can't beat that. We were on the 12th floor in the carnival tower.  The room was big and had everything we needed.  The location is perfect.  Looking forward to going back to Harrah's for New Year's eve.
4	My wife and I stayed here on a Thursday-Sunday when we visited Vegas in February for her birthday.  We picked Harrah's because I had a good room offer through their Total Rewards program. I gamble at Harrah's and Harvey's up in Tahoe in the winter time quite frequently and I was able to earn some comps to redeem in Vegas. I would definitely recommend checking out the Total Rewards program if you like to gamble. I'm not a big time gambler by any means, but I got a really good rate with one of the nights comped and only ended up paying about $100 total for the three nights.By far the best feature of Harrah's Las Vegas is its location. The hotel and casino is located right in the heart of the strip and is walking distance to many other hotels like Ceasar's, Paris, The Bellagio, etc.  The other cool thing about Harrah's is that it has its own monorail station.  The monorail is the best way to get up and down the strip without getting totally ripped off by the cabs.  For about $12 you can get a 24 hour pass which is good for unlimited rides during that 24 hour period. It doesn't run all night, but it runs pretty late with trains arriving every 7-10 minutes during the day. The rooms at Harrah's aren't anything all that great, but if you're spending a lot of time in your room when you're actually awake, you're not doing Vegas right.  The room was clean with a very comfy bed, and the house keepers did a top notch job the entire trip. The carpet in our room was little torn up and probably needed to be replaced, but it didn't bother me at all. All in all, I enjoyed my stay at Harrah's and I would definitely consider staying there again.
3	I really enjoyed my business stay. Clean rooms with comfy, soft beds, convenient mini fridge and all the necessary furnishings like coffee maker, hair dryer, iron, cable TV, etc. The tables in the casino are not too shabby, $10 - $15 min tables for Blackjack. Their restaurants are a little limited to a Chinese restaurant, a buffet, a Cafe, KGB burgers and one finer steak house plus 2 bars. The clientele at this hotel seems to be middle aged people and not too fancy. I didn't see any yuppies around 25-35 here. Overall, comfy but not my style if I'm in Vegas to party.
3	Stayed here last week during my 4th trip to Las Vegas.   Harrah's sent me an offer for 2 nights comped and thus I decided to take them up on it since I have "given" them plenty of money over the years at their various casinos around the country.  Hey, if it's for free it's for me.This is not the nicest nor the worst hotel on the Strip; the rooms are clean and the location is great but it could use some updating.  The property in Lake Tahoe is nicer and I hear the AC flagship is their nicest under the Harrah's name but the LV branch was acceptable.   I don't think I would pay to stay here since there are so many more luxurious options in LV that you can find for a deal if you book ahead but I can't complain over a free room.  The casino was one of the busier ones at night (due to the location or perhaps due to the Carnival Court outdoor party that goes on all night and attracts frat boys galore) but it was not unbearably busy and the cocktail waitress did come around often.  Toby Keith's I Love this Bar & Grill and Kerry Simon's KGB are both good and prices were reasonable (separate reviews to follow for the restaurants). Harrah's can best be summed up as being a good place to stay for those on a budget that still have standards.  Cheaper rooms can be found (Imperial Palace, Circus Circus, Riviera) but I have heard horror stories regarding cleanliness.  The fact that they don't charge resort fees is a huge plus and the Total Rewards program is one of the better casino rewards programs around.
3	Stayed here on st Patrick's day weekend in a luxury room. Room wasn't the bottom of the barrel room but their "step up" room. It was clean and pretty decent in size but really not a luxury room. You could hear the next door neighbors conversation the walls were so thin. Also this hotel doesn't have a view of the strip so don't pay for the upgrade.I would stay here again if it was under 100. Loved the location and the beds were comfortable!
3	Let me start off with the fact that I'm about to finish my Hospitality degree and I tend to be a little biased towards easy, fixable mistakes with the industry.  And mind you, this was my first trip to Vegas with my family and I'm sure we probably stayed here for the good room rates and not much else.  Customer Service: The worst part of the hotel was definitely the check in process, we were told over the phone that we would be able to check in early (no mention of a fee)-no problem -when we asked if we would be able to store our bags with the front desk.  When we arrived we waited in line for almost an hour with about 15-20 other people while Harrah's only had 2 front desk clerks working (mind you, ALL the other hotels in the area are working with a full staff to check guests in and out at this time)... After our ridiculous wait, we finally got to the front desk clerk who was not very friendly.. we walked up and received no greeting, she just said "name?" We gave her our name and she said, "to proceed any further you need to pay $25."  At this point, if she would have explained to us that the fee was due to an early check in fee, we may have felt different.. but how she said it was just a bit rude.. And then she snapped at my father when he asked why we were being charged $25...AND why we just stood in line for an hour.. lovely right?  We just paid the $25 and went to our room so we wouldn't have to deal with them again.Onto the Room: We did a little extra scheduling to get a view of the strip, the view included the top of the roofs of the buildings next to us and a very nice view of the parking garage.. but I could kind of see the top of Treasure Island at least.  The room smelled like burnt caramel but the TV in the bathroom was a pretty nice touch and the artwork on the walls were pretty cool (though I expected to see more of the theme throughout the hotel)  No fridge or WiFi.. that was kind of a pain.. and my pillows were all hard around the corners.. I don't know how that happened exactly. Bur I guess overall, the price was right for the room we got.Buffet: Mediocre food at best, sushi was very fishy (which sounds funny but it had a very weird taste to it and I normally LOVE sushi).. prime rib was kinda flavorless... crab legs were pretty good... tacos decent.  DESSERTS WERE ABSOLUTELY AMAZING IN EVERY WAY (banana foster, pies, little cute tart creations, even on-the-go cotton candy)   My suggestion:  if you decide you want to go to this buffet, go when there's about 30 minutes of lunch left so you can be there for the dinner and get your money's worth (and save plenty of room for dessert.)Pool: was one of the few pools on the strip that was open.. and it wasn't huge but it looked very clean and the cabana chairs were very cool.Other Food: Toby Keith's Bar was pretty awesome, decent prices for Vegas, and had a pretty steady but not overcrowded feel.  Gift shop was pretty cool too. Check out: Do it in the drop off box.  Save the trouble. It's quick and Easy.  Also, they have a pretty nifty kiosk for printing boarding passes for your plane trip home.Location: Pretty good.  You're around all the hot spots. Would I stay here again?  meh. probably not.  But it's still worth taking the time to hit their casino and Toby Keith's bar.
3	I haven't been in to the rooms, but I've walked through the casino a number of times. I took a better look at the games they have to offer on my latest visit and was surprised at how much larger the place was than I thought from the front of it.  It's not as nice as it's sister property in New Orleans, but it's also much older. The drink service was good and all in all it wasn't a bad time.  The card readers on the machine all seemed to be a bit finicky when it came to inserting my players club card; i found the bank of machines we wanted to play on and had to figure out which of them would actually accept the cards. The ticket redemption machine was not working either so I had to go to the cashier to collect.
5	thank you black jack.. harris ill be back!!
3	I think the alternative roulette table is interesting.  Not sure why they don't use one that allows me to add my money instead of handing it off to some person.  It seems like a lot of work for one person to add money, input the winning # on the computer, cashing out patrons.  I would suggest added a 2nd person on the weekends.KGB was the business.  I loved my turkey burger and my friends loved their tacos (on pitas).  I would eat @ KGB every night of the week.  The Cafe after 9:30pm not nearly as endearing an experience as KGB.  The waitstaff barely had a pulse.  We were seated and waiting for about 10-20 minutes waiting for our server.  When she came she was "vacant."  You know there, but no there.  I could have gone in the back and gotten everything faster than her.  And it wasn't like the place was packed.  She really didn't have a lot of tables.  It was surprising.  I couldn't quite understand was the service was so poor.  Overall, the found was ok.  It was Italian Nights.  I had higher expectations considering how amazing the Italian food is in Chicago.  No comparison.  Don't bother.  Just go to KGB and have an amazing burger.  Skip the Cafe.Harrah's has much to offer.  A pleasant experience overall.
1	beware - poorly run operation here. was in two different rooms, neither had internet available. Keep in mind that they only have WIRED internet access in the rooms. Phone had loose wires which made for fun times when trying to make calls. In the second room, there was a corner of a dorito chip just behind one of the chairs in the second room. it was still there when i left. Its obvious the don't vacuum here. Drain in the bath tub couldn't keep up with the shower. Constantly standing in ankle deep water while taking a shower. best bet would be to find another hotel to stay at. for the price here its not worth it.
5	We got a free upgrade and paid $40 each per night (two people, two rooms) for superb rooms on a high floor with a great view.   The rooms were very modern, excellently appointed, comfy beds, large bathrooms.    Dinner at the Oyster Bar was fantastic!   Absolutely would stay here again, one of the best deals on the Strip!
1	We stayed in a Classic Executive Suite on the 32nd Floor with a strip view.Pro'sClose to better hotelsHousekeeping did a good job of keeping the room, hallway, and elevator cleanCons'sVery Very Very Smokey Casino, and lobby  Worst ventilation or lack of on the stripCasino has very poor drink serviceNot very many food options in the hotelA/C did not work properly, and they were unable to fixThe Rooms are very outdated early 1990's maybe?  Also very darkSagging mattress, bad pillowsBroken furnitureNo Cell Phone reception in room, but perfect in the hotel lobby and casinoThe lady who checked us in was rudeThe lady who checked us out was rudeDon't expect to ever win in this casinoLots of Drunks roaming the hallwaysA very sad pool areaRooms that face Carnival Court or the Pool are very noisy, they didn't warn us they play Loud music from Noon to 4:00am (don't expect to sleep much)We won't be back.  Our stay at Harrah's was a big disappointment.
3	Affordable and clean. Good location on the strip. Loved the KGB burger restaurant inside. Very good food! toby Keith bar is inside and we love this place. Great music and dancing too! A little upset that the fan was broken in our bathroom so after a few showers, it was very hot and uncomfortable to continue to get ready. Other than that, happy trip!
4	Stayed at this hotel twice now. Last time I went I took my boyfriend for his 30th birthday. The hotel was very clean and the lobby is really smoky but  will probably stay here again it is basically in the middle of everything!
3	Did not stay at the hotel.  I went here because I wanted to visit Flavors buffet.  Just walking through and seeing what I did see, I think this is a pretty decent hotel.  Can not judge the sleeping arraignments, but I definitely can say all the other parts that I saw was really well maintained.I like this buffet, but I have to admit that seasoning is a missing concept here.
3	I would NEVER stay here lol .... but the slot machines ROCK!!! They paid the most out of any of the casinos I visited. The buffet was also pretty yummy.
2	Just okay: Room, service, pool, prices. Preferred the Flamingo from previous trip. Nothing terrible, just no reason to go back.FYI: if you want free WiFi go next door to McDonald's.
3	Spent the week at Harrah's in Las Vegas.  The price was good and the room was nice.  It was convenient because it's located in the middle of the Strip.  Stopped in at the Range Steakhouse at Harrah's Resort of a glass of wine one evening.  We wanted to listen to music but not be blown away by karaoke in The Piano Bar.  The Range was a pleasant surprise.  They had a really terrific singer there the night we stopped by.  We ended up staying for two hours and buying his CD.  We had so much fun that we stopped back in on another night.  We've had dinner there and it was very good.We got the 24-hour Flavors Buffet too.  If you get the Total Rewards card, you get $5 off the 24-hour buffet.  If you just pay for it, you have to wear a wristband for the 24 hours.  The only problem was that we didn't know that you had to go to the Total Rewards desk  to get the cards.  The cashier at Flavors buffet was very rude when she told us to go back to the Total Rewards desk.  And, then the Total Rewards desk clerk didn't tell us that we each needed our own Total Rewards card.  We were tired and hungry and when we tried to use the one Total Rewards card we got, we were sent back to the Total Rewards desk again by the Flavors cashier to get another one.  Of course, the Total Rewards desk is on the opposite side of the casino from Flavors.  It took us about 20 minutes to finally get what we needed to use the discount at the buffet.  The  buffet is fresh and has a wide variety of food.  It was worth the trouble.  They even have a gelato stand.  The fried shrimp and the prime rib were both excellent.  A lot of the vegetables tasted overdone and had an odd flavor.  Stick with the salad.  The wait to check in was very long too.  It took so long that a resort employee came and gave everyone in line to check in a bottle of water.  Be prepared to wait.  And, one person had to come back to reservations because the room he was given had not been cleaned.  Oops!  The resort shouldn't make a mistake like that.  Overall,  the good outweighed the bad.
1	Room 341: Rude Front Desk Managers.    Original suite reserved months ago we did not get.  This Hotel Dog friendly, not...  Never got our special treat bags for the dogs and I asked several times.  My dogs barked 3 times while room service was delivering our dinner and sure enough the manager called us to complain.  Be prepared to hire a GREAT Dog Sitter to stay with your pet. (www.SafeDoggy.com) 25.00 per hr but well worth it.    Furniture chewed up from prior animals. Dog urine  stains on sofa corners  Shower curtain full of mold.  (they did change for us.  Cigarette burns in chairs, tub did not drain  and the carpets were so dirty and stained my  feet would turn black if I went barefoot.  Gross...
4	Great place to stay and its in the perfect location! Try there Buffet if you get a chance the food is great! Its also a fun place to gamble slots seem pretty loose.
4	I love Harrahs becuse it is right in the middle of the strip and I love Carinval Court outside because since it tis outside you can see and hear the music...!
3	Nothing too different from my Harrahs back in St. Louis or Kansas City. It lacks hot women unlike other casinos but it still feels homely to play at like that comfy old child blanket that makes you feel secure right before you go to sleep.dp
1	I stayed here and hated it.There just feels like there's nothing special here. It's a casino with shows I could care less about and the food options are not the "OMG I GOTTA TRY THIS!!" kind of food.The only thing I liked about this place were the Jesters outside the lobby, but that's it.When we checked in, they made a room change because of blah, blah, blah. We were supposed to get 2 queens and they gave us one king.This place needs to be demolished and have another one of those fancy big-ass casinos built on top.
3	Nice dealers at the craps table and for blackjack. The casino is clean and doesn't drown you in a sea of cigerette smoke. But once inside, it's sometimes difficult to find your way out. Sad thing was, I was completely disoriented and I was completely sober. Hmm...
5	We are leaving for Vegas this afternoon, and I found out that refrigerators aren't included in the rooms.  My wife has type 1 diabetes so we require a refrigerator for her insulin.  I called to ask for help, and they will provide a refrigerator at no charge for my wife.  Pretty happy about that.  After my stay, I will update the review, but they are starting out with 5 stars thanks to their understanding.
4	I normally stay here when i go to Vegas. There's nothing special about the hotel . The rooms are clean and the staff is very friendly. I love the pool here . Its a fun enviroment ,The pool is not packed with super model just regular poeple laughing and playing volleyball. The best thing about this hotel is the location . You are right smack in the middle of the Vegas strip . I like this place and ill be booking here again
4	I am a Total Rewards member and get comp'd here all the time.  The rooms are different depending which tower you're in.  The Carnival Tower was wehre I stayed last, and the room were clean and decent.  Water pressure in room 2923 could be better, and the air vent could be directed into the room, not against the wallThe partial view of the Strip was nice.
2	If there were 1/2 star options I would rate it a 2.5.  The gaming was great as in the craps dealers and the pit bosses were really awesome and the steak house ROCKED.  But...and it's a big one - the room sucked.  Nevermind we were even with the roof so someone could have been peeping tomming all day long but come on Harrah's break open that purse where YOUZ making all that green and fix the bathtub so it "don't" drip drip drip all day and night long.  Make sure the place doesn't smell like a mildew laden sock drawer and WAIT for it...please please please be sure there aren't someone else's hairs all over the pillow.We tried to change rooms - got all the way to someone on the phone then when I went to pick up the key the wait was 35 people long - I'm not kidding.  I actually counted the people.So I gave up and we sucked it up - it was sad because like I said we loved the casino people...Al, you rock!!!OH, AND IF YOU WANT TO ENJOY THE POOL - IT SUCKS.  THE WATER IS MURKY AND WAY WAY WAY WAY TOO WARM AND LOUD (MUSIC). SUCKED.
4	Flavors Buffet is pretty good with a good supply of food choices. And they appear to be one of the cheaper buffet places on the strip.  Definately worth, being a Total Rewards member if you are going to eat here, because you get a cool discount on the food.  No worries, its FREE to sign up. (Thank me later.)The rooms are pretty spacious and clean and the hallways are really wide.  Crazy oberservation, I know.Huge hotel but I never found the gym.  However, since my room was so big, I had room to exercise in my own space.With all the money they make from the Casino, they really could use a modern day renovation.  But the nightly rate for Harrah's is fantastic if you book from Hotels.com.Great buy for the money! You won't be disappointed.
3	Returned from Vegas.  I wouldn't stay here again because for the price, I could have stayed at a nicer place with more amenities.  The room was clean but small.  I haven't seen other rooms in Vegas so I can't compare.  The common areas appeard to be dirty and worn out.  It's time for new carpets in the casino, hallways and elevators.  On checking we were given a choice of a third floor room with no view or a room on the same floor with a pool view, but will have loud music until 2:30 in the morning.  We opted for the no view because I want to sleep when I want to sleep.  No view would have been better than what the view actually was.  We were looking at the casino roof with mechanical piping and about a thousand cigarette butts right by our window that were flung from the balconies above.  We went back to check in and asked for something else.  Somehow we ended up in the same room 14 floors up with a view to the north.  I don't understand why we weren't given this option first.  I really don't like being treated like that.  But they did make us happy after complaining.We don't gamble so I can't rate the casino.  It appeared ok.  Ceilings weren't as high as others so it didn't look as nice.  But the most noticeable thing is the cigarette smell.  It was very strong.  If the other casinos had a smell it wasn't noticeable after being in Harrah's.The pool was just a pool.  Nothing fantastic like other places.  It did have plenty of chairs to sunbathe on that you didn't have to pay for, so I liked that.  And it never seemed over crowded like others we saw.The restaurants didn't appear that great.  Nothing to keep us there, anyway.  We did go to Toby Keith's place the first night.  Very expensive and bland food.  Ordered the wings and they looked great in the basket, but we're not very tasty for buffalo wings. We also ordered the bologna sandwich and pulled pork sandwich.  Neither one was worth half the price we payed.  We enjoyed the band that was there (Wolf Creek), the young lady from Tennessee is a very gifted singer.  The best thing I liked about Harrah's was it's close proximity (next door) to Casino Royale.  It's kind of a low rent place, but it had an atmosphere that looked like everybody was having a great time.  Plus, $1.75 beers and $1 margaritas.  Even if you aren't gambling. Everything else in Vegas is just overpriced.  We would go inside, get a couple of beers, go back outside, walk around and people watch.I think Harrah's is two and a half stars all around, but I'll give them the three for benefit of the doubt. Almost forgot about the cigarette smoke smell.  It's really strong in Harrah's.  So much so that when we walked into another casino, I couldn't smell smoke at all, although I'm sure there was an odor,
3	If you're booking a hotel for the glitz and glamor, the service and the gorgeous rooms, don't book at Harrah's. This hotel is clearly older, the maintenance is a little questionable but the rooms are surprisingly nice. However, I have only stayed at the Mardi Gras tower, so I'm only saying that from this particular room. The best part of this hotel is the obvious location - you really cannot beat the location. Right on the strip, the back door is right across the Forum Shoppes and it's walking distance to anywhere fun. One thing that bugged me was the front desk. Coming from hospitality, it's surprising how few front desk agents they had during the busiest of check-in times. We were standing in line to check in for a good half hour or so and the line went out the door. Once we got to the front desk agent, she was friendly, but no apologies for the wait or anything extra. On a side not, she also kept pushing us to take a smaller room, which we found completely odd. I assume they were either oversold in a certain room type, or oversold in general, but pushing someone to take a lesser room is completely unprofessional. That brings me back to my own words though, don't expect service from this hotel. That's not their focus. I didn't visit any restaurants, mostly because they didn't look very good. Besides, you're on the center of the strip, you should probably be going to better places to eat!In conclusion, I would go back. The price was right and I'd rather spend that little extra money on a craps table or a yard of Fat Tuesday over staying at a nicer hotel when I'm only utilizing the bed for a few hours!
3	Spacious and clean rooms at an affordable price but not the place to go if you're looking for a super-luxe experience.  The location is A+++ since it's on the strip opposite Caesar's. BUT, there are a lot of sketchy people wandering the halls and no security to keep them out of areas that should be reserved for guests (the pool and room levels) It's not my first choice but I'd stay here again if I were in a pinch.
2	Harrah's is definitely a older hotel with no updating and service is terrible too.  As soon as you step in, you can see the '70s or '80s theme with dirt colors all over and dated slot machines and chairs.  This hotel is an eye sore for sure.  Every time I walked by the chek-in counter, there was a huge line of people just trying to check in or out.  I guess they are short on staffs every day.  The lady at the total reward club was rude.   The parking was horrible too because the road was under construction and so confusing.  The buffet Flavors was not good at all either.  The food wise and the service wise, it lacked so much comparing with other buffets.  I did not stay at this hotel but from what I saw, this place cannot be good.
4	Although the Harrah's is considered an older hotel with no special glitz and glam compared to others on the strip, the location and price is what should most be considered when compared to others, and it's something that can't be beat.My boyfriend and I booked a room last minute for EDC 2012 (woohoo EDC!!!), and when we got there, I was surprised at how efficient and friendly the workers were at check-in despite the crazy hell of a weekend Vegas had (EDC '12, Manny Pacqiao fight, on top of the regular tourists!). They were quick and friendly, so major props for that even though the line was CRAZY. After we got our room keys from a very nice lady, we went to our room which ended up being in the Carnival Tower. When we got there, although the room was a bit on the smaller side (or are all Vegas rooms like this?), it was very clean and odor-free (it WAS a non-smoking room!). Awesome.Every day that we were there, we always came back to a neat and tidy room.. the maintenance was on-point :)And other than that, I have nothing much else to say. I didn't get to try any of the food joints so I can't comment on that. Gotta say though, I'd highly recommend the Harrah's if you're on a tight budget or don't feel like forking out crazy for a room that you'll just return to for a couple hours in Vegas (Btw, WHO SLEEPS in Vegas?!). Overall, very impressed and pleased with the hotel, from service to rooms, to everything in between! I WOULD stay here again, but I probably won't, just because I want to test out diff hotels ;)p.s.The pool IS the only thumbsdown.. it's pretty small and not that great. Plus needs way more lounge chairs.. or, you can reserve a cushioned chair for $100-200? I forgot. But hah! Yah right! Better off taking that money to gamble or hit the strip clubs! p.p.s. You can definitely search for coupons/deals online for this hotel. I did a quick search and it saved us $125!!!
4	We got a good value for what we paid to stay here.  We booked a Deluxe Executive Suite at $228 a night.  The room included a wet bar, living room, bedroom, and a large bathroom with a whirlpool tub and shower.  We had two rooms and learned that not all these suites are the same.  One had much more square footage than the other.  And one had a pull out bed in the couch and the other didn't.Speaking of the couch bed, when I booked the room, I called the hotel to confirm whether or not there were couch beds in the suites.  I was told that there were no couch beds in any of the rooms.  At check in, I was told different.  To their benefit, they did comp a roll a way bed for the other room, which is normally $30.Harrah's pool is more old school.  It is basically your standard olympic sized pool.  If you are looking for waterfalls and sand, then this may not be the place for you.  The casino is more laid back compared to some of the newer casinos and not as crowded.  Overall, a good place to spend your money.Out of the budget hotels on the strip, Harrah's is not a bad choice compared to Bally's and definitely a better choice compared to Imperial Palace.
2	Old and musty smelling room. Well, smelled more like an ash tray now that I remember.
1	be very very careful there playing - craps yesterday and a hooker showed up and started trying to be friendly and rubbing against me.  i told her no thanks and when she persisted so much the entire table told her to go...i went to a pit boss ms. urban (i think that was her name - dark haired and stocky) and she told me only to watch my chips and called security but they were taking  a while - really?  since when i security slow in a casino.  on top of all that 10 minutes later the hooker was still there and another casino pit boss showed up and i only had to mention that i really didn't want this woman near me and he walked over to her and told her to leave.  this after 15 minutes of the rest of the crew not doing a damn thing.  i would be very very careful about going back there.  i was actually concerned about safety as was the rest of the table as 50% of us just cashed out and left.  it put a bad taste in all our mouths.  sickening.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. I originally wanted to stay at Planet Hollywood, but Harrah's was so cheap I couldn't say no. Four people stayed for 4 nights at $65 a person with no resort fee! I mean come on that is so cheap and the hotel isn't even a dump. We stayed in the carnaval tower and our room was just fine. I would have to Harrah's to have some better food choices, but it wasn't a deal breaker. The location was great since it was next to the Venetian and Imperial Palace. You can walk right through to Imperial without having to go outside. Didn't go in the pool, but I did take a look at it. The pool area was very basic compared to other pools in Vegas. Just get yourself a Total Rewards card and you can stay here for cheap too.
3	Ok spot. I won a little money here eventually. We loved the Legends show.
5	Didn't stay at Harrah's, but loved gambling there. One of the clean, young casinos with $5 tables. Also, the outdoor venue is so fun. Go at 9pm, get a bracelet, leave and go in and out all night for no cover.
3	Overall, we had a great time at Harrah's. Seriously, who doesn't have a good time in Vegas? The first room we had (we were talked into upgrading for $15 more per night) was on the 14th floor in the Mardi Gras tower above the pool. This was a mistake. We were told there was a band that played outside until about 2am. Well, the band lasted well after 4:00am. We thought we wouldn't be able to hear it, but we did, LOUD and clear. After a sleepless night, we (with the help of the fabulous Courtnie) changed to the 12th floor on the "quiet side." Quiet my butt! All day/night long we could hear the squeaky elevator gears. It was almost as loud as the band. Because we didn't want to change rooms again, we dealt with it (with pillows over our ears) for the remainder 2 nights. All in all, I would recommend 1) not upgrading and 2) making sure you want the quiet side NOT by the elevators (in the Mardi Gras tower)In terms of overall experience at Harrah's - the staff is all super nice! From Courtnie at Check-in, to the waitresses, to the ladies at the gift shop - they have all nailed customer service! I would have to say, however, the drink ladies are sparse. Go to the $1 machines and they'll be by every few minutes. Go to the penny machines and you'll be waiting up to 20 minutes.DEFINITELY sign up for their Total Rewards card. You can use it at a ton of their sister properties for just about anything - from food, to drinks, to swag. I've seen other people say they get free rooms, but we didn't. We must not have gambled enough. Overall, we will keep Harrah's in mind next time we visit Vegas. PS Try Ice Pan. Super yummy ice cream made right in front of you!
3	Stayed at this hotel this past weekend and I was actually surprised how nice the room was. The hotel is located in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip which helped getting around to other hotels. One nice thing about this hotel is that it's located right next to the Chipotle! One problem I had was that when we arrived to Harrah's, there was a long wait checking in. We arrived around 1:20 A.M. and didn't get our keys til about 2:15. Another issue was when I was gambling, the cocktail waitress came around and got our orders, but when she came back after a long wait, she forgot one of our drinks and we didn't even have a chance to tell her she messed up. Oh well. Overall, the hotel room was nice and the location was the best part.
3	I stayed here because my friend got our room comp'ed for 2 nights.  I was there to celebrate my 25th birthday, and as other people have pointed out, if you're spending a lot of time in your room when you're in Vegas, you're not doing it right. That being said, the hotel was adequate.The line to check in was pretty bad.  I'll just leave it at that.  I decided to upgrade at check-in at a great rate of just $15 extra per night.  With that in mind, I'm a little worried at what our room would have been like if I HADN'T upgraded.  The room was OK.  By no means would I say it was filthy, but.... nothing special.  No refrigerator (I have never stayed in a hotel room with no refrigerator).  The beds were OK, but I noticed the sheets smelled stale.  Just try not to think about the implications of the stale-smelling sheets and you'll be fine.  Our room "view" was laughable.  But, the room location was quiet, which is what counts when you stumble back to your room to sleep at 2am.  There was a coffee maker in the bathroom, but the coffee was terrible.  Housekeeping did a nice job in our room, which we appreciated.The hotel is undeniably dated.  Dated as in... it probably hasn't been renovated since I was in diapers. They are obviously understaffed, (even though we stayed during the week) but what staff was available was always kind and friendly (other reviewers have mentioned rude staff but we never had anyone be rude to us). We really didn't spend all that much time in our hotel, we mostly hopped around to others.  And Harrah's has an excellent location- right in the middle of the strip.  I think that is probably the best thing about Harrah's.  We went to KGB for lunch one day, and the burgers were pretty good.  And on the last day of our stay, we ate at the cafe for breakfast.  The food was good, but absurdly overpriced.  But we were hungry, hungover, and pretty much looking for whatever was the closest.Overall I would recommend Harrah's because the rooms are cheap, and not disgusting and dirty, and the location is great.  Sure it's nothing luxurious, but for that price, why would you expect it to be?  When you're going to Vegas, you basically should only be sleeping and showering in your room.
3	I love this hotel...small, old school, just like how I remember Vegas years ago..guy who checked us in was nice and funny, lady at the total rewards program desk was so nice...room was clean, comfy bed...the downfall..the ac turns on/off and it's noisy..I have a sleeping disorder and I thought I'd cry on our first night there, but I learned to tune it out..they need to do something about the ac (they're calling it Eco friendly or something)
3	If you're looking to save a few dollars, it's a great place to stay.  It's in the middle of the strip and has everything you need.  I can't complain, everything was free with my comps.
2	Got comped 3 nights of free rooms, but apparently they wanted me to pay in some way, so I stood in line for 30-45 minutes to check in.  At 4pm this would be annoying, but at 10pm this is unacceptable.  Big line, 2 people working the check-in desk, and a manager doing who knows what in the back office.  Hey, dude, you're not that cool... come into the trenches and check some guests in so you can keep your job.  Blah.
3	Sorta hard to find where the parking lot at. Had to drive 2x around their building. Good location.. walking distance to other hotels. We stayed at Mardi grass tower.. Room was just fine. Had Iron, coffee maker. hair dryer. There was a mini fridge but not cold enough. Check in was at 4pm. we arrived at 5pm. They told us room was not ready and to come back 1 1/2 hours.  No resort Fee but NOFree Wi-fi, its like $12 a day.$20 to use their fitness roomswimming pool only open till 6pmBut then again, cant really complain since room was free.. LOL..
3	The casino is one of the older ones on the strip and it shows, but they are in the process or redoing all of the rooms. I've been able to stay in one of the refurbished rooms and they're just what you need. Nothing fancy, but clean, comfortable, and quiet. I just wish they could do something to the outside of the casino to have it fit in with the rest of the strip some more.
3	Located on The Las Vegas Strip, this is a fun moderately priced hotel casino. Not the swankiest place in Las Vegas, but it is a lot of fun. there is always something going on there. They have a good variety of restaurants. I say if you are walking up the strip, stop in and check it out. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Night before taking the nasty red-eye flight I wanted to put some pressure on me to make some money at poker!  What better way to put the pressure on then order some room service dinner at exorbitant costs!Ordered the blackened (some cut of meat) sandwich that was served on Texas toast with a side of potato salad.  Potato salad was great, but the sandwich was a bit underwhelming... when they say blackened, they aren't kidding.  I guess it's a good way to serve up the meh cuts of the cow that would generally be tossed.  It was flavored well with salt and pepper, but overall so-so.  I still give it 3 stars on the food bc like my sisters, I love "accoutrements".  It came with butter, horseradish, au jous (sp?), Tobasco, steak sauce, salt, and pepper.  Condiment heaven.  Oh bee-tee-dubs, I won $40 playing hold'em on a video machine to pay for the costly dinner. dmo out.
3	The hotel was pretty good for a hotel in vegas. I normally use the room to sleep, shower, nap and then I'm not there for the rest of the time. Cheap and easy! Their checkin/checkout line is always ridiculous, not sure why though. Otherwise, staff/housekeeping were really pleasant and nice. No complaints, but it wouldn't hurt if the place got updated a little.
4	We stayed here and I must say that the my stay was indeed very comfortable.  I did not hear any noise from outside (referring to rowdy hotel guests) and our view was of the fire and volcanic displays from Mirage.  The bathroom is lovely.. I like that there is a bar-like place to sit in the bathtub.  I don't know the price of the hotels but it was to cost $150-$170 a night this past weekend however, the boyfriend got free rooms so we took advantage of that.  There is a Starbucks by the elevators, a frozen yogurt / crepe place, and a Southern breakfast type of place all in the same area.  I liked that Hash House A Go Go was right there however, I will never eat there again but Harrah's is right by everything.. I do have one minor complaint- the A/C would turn off so every time we'd come back, the room would be boiling hot.
3	Was a nice hotel, not the nicest but still better then some of the others. Really liked how friendly the staff was during check in. Check out sucked, waited in line for 20 minutes while us and the rest of the check out line were ignore until I walked up to the counter and asked for help since it was 10 minutes after late checkout and there were six of us in line being ignored.Payed for a luxury room with a strip view, only problem is Harrah's hotel rooms are back behind their casino and the Casino royal area, therefore our strip view was more the backs of a few buildings.. we were able to see the Mirage which was pretty at nighttime. Our room was  very clean very nice, bathroom had a cool seat thing in the shower which makes it super easy to shave your legs, nice little plus. Towels were big which is a huge deal to me, don't want to be walking around with half my goodies hanging out. Walls were paperthin people partying down the hall, not a big deal we were there to party too.. It is Vegas so you kind of expect it, did however think my roof was going to cave in on me while the people upstairs were doing something obnoixous, no harm no foul though not a big deal.All and all like the place, will probably stay at a pricier hotel next time perhaps the mirage but for this time to celebrate a 21st birthday we merely needed a room to sleep in when we came back at 3 in the morning.
3	Trying to find somewhere to stay in Vegas for my 21st birthday, and Vegas seemed to be reasonable... an upgraded strip view for 2 people, 2 nights, at $100 ANDDD I'm in the middle of the strip? I'll take it! However, first impressions are everything and I'll admit that at first, I wasn't impressed... What really irritated me was that once I finally drove like crazy to find their parking, I had to look like crazy to figure out where I could go in as there was no signs that said "Check in/Entrance this way"Unfortunately, the "Magic convention" was in and they couldn't upgrade my room because all of the mini suites above my room choice were taken. For those wondering.... "Magic" is actually a clothing brand? Go figure... Oh, and once I had gotten to my room where I was expecting 1 king size bed... I actually received 2 queen size beds. WTF. Overall though, it wasn't terrible. Our "strip view" was more of the backs of other buildings... No major complaints other than these. Would I stay here again? Absolutely. Is it worth probably spending a few extra bucks for a better hotel? I would think so. A lot of people seemed to complain about the smoke in the hotel hallways I didn't really get the same smell? And that's coming from a guy that hates the smell of cig smoke...so if it helps, I was on the 16th floor.I was originally planning on giving it 3.5/4 stars, but checkout was absolutely terrible. They have a separate line for checkout that they completely avoid until you try to chase someone down... once we finally got to the line though? Checkout only took 5 seconds... soo weird.
4	My stay at Harrah's was great.  When we arrived we mid morning we were greeted by the front desk staff.  They had one of our rooms ready but checked all of our rooms in so we wont have to stand in the front desk line which was kinda long and slow.  Harrah's is part of the Caesars brand of casinos and boast the "No Resort Fee" zone tag line.  While they have no resort fees they do have other fees such as if you want to check in early before 4pm it is an extra $30.00 per a room.  Once we got to the room it was very nice and clean.  The staff at the resort was very nice as well.  They went out of there way to help us and make sure our stay was great.  All of the rooms have senors in them that controls the AC/Heater in the room.  If you are not in the room the AC is not on until you walk back in.  If you want the senor to have a over ride all you need to do is call the building engineer and they will send someone up to do a over ride.The resort is center strip, safe, clean and the staff is friendly.  One of the things you have to do is get a players card and check in on foursquare.  The Caesars casinos now track and give you points on non-gamming like food and shopping purchases.  If you check in on foursquare you can get discounts.I loved my stay at Harrah's and will be staying here again.
1	Slow to check in, old and parking lot smells.  However everyone was nice.
3	You have to drive through a gauntlet to check in, rooms are OK, looks more like a 3 star than a 4 star hotel.  Buffet was very good.  Sluggish bathtub drainage.  Rooms clean.
4	Casino Only - Fun place; great atmosphere.  Helpful staff; The Buffet is great for the price.  I recommend this area of the strip and Harrah's is a fun area.  Check out the Piano Twins if you get the chance.
1	My boyfriend, his dad, and I stayed at Harrahs. This was my bfs first time in vegas and it got off to a bad start. After checking-in they get up to the hotel room to find dirty beds, beer cans all around the rooms, the bathroom disgusting with tampon wrappers and blood on the floor. After calling down to the front desk, the lady, who was rude and simply just wanted to send a maid up to clean it. We didn't want to stay in the room and after speaking with Adam, the night manager, he sent a bellhop to get our bags. Waited an hr for another room and Adam only offerred $20 for room service. Pretty much a slap in the face. The following day, my bfs dad was using the blowdryer and it started smoking! So, they came and ripped off the blow dryer from the wall.That evening after the room was cleaned, we noticed brown streaks on the side of the bed, only one thing it looked like if you can imagine. Ugh. Then, today, I was going back to the room and the maid saw me going into the room so I said ok, ill wait, she was peeved, didnt speak english and was rude. I was walking back to the elevators when she was calling me back to explain why the airfilter was out. Btw, the thermostat was set to 65 and there was no airflow going through. After taking the filter out there was more air flow but it felt like it was 78 in the room. The maid calls down to the front desk and hands me the phone and rams me with her shoulder. Didnt apologize or anything.This is by far the worst experience I have had at any hotel. We will not be coming back to stay, ever.
4	My stay at Harras was great. Clean and comfortable, you are just in the middle of the strip without paying a lot of money.
5	This review is for gambling at the casino only.... I haven't stayed at this place yet but wouldn't mind trying it out either. On the first night in Vegas we ended up at Harrah's after walking down the strip from the Tropicana. After a few peep's from our group wandered off to play a poker tournament I ended up at a crap's table around midnight & stayed until 6 am the following morning when the sun came up. I started with a 40 dollar buy in and at the end of the morning I walked out with just a little over 300 and had a blast in the process. Our dice table was full of people and all of us were having such a blast together even though we were are complete strangers. It was good luck and good times. I will be coming back here to roll the dice again for sure...
3	...Check in at 2pm, 2 hosts at the desk, no line...room were better than I expected..spacious classic room & very clean, feet didnt get dark while on barefoot...since I only need a clean place to recharge my energy, so no need a fancy place, I mean why pay an arm and leg when you stay out all day long, I'd rather use that money giving to homeless & tipping whoerver serve me well.......my dislike: the casino was smell of smoke all over, check in & information people were unfriendly, busy on chewing gum and ignore guests...however, pepple at concierge & total reward desk were nice & made feel welcome, eventhough they were unable to accomodate my request, but I had no complain about them....My thought overall, on strip, convient to everything, reasonable price, I recommend for those who doesnt want to flat out their wallet but want a nice place. just a little tip/reminder, apply for total reward card online before heading to the hotel, when you arrive, get the card before checking in and show the card on everything you make a purchase within their properties.
4	I always stay at Harrahs when I'm visiting Vegas! I love this place!Ok, granted the Hotel needs some upgrading and the casino area is fairly small but I still love it! Let me tell you why:ROOMS: So the rooms aren't bougy like Bellajo or Encore but they are comfortable and decently priced! The rooms I stay in are always cleaned and stocked and I stay in the regular rooms! The bathroom is always clean and the water pressure works fine! The TV works, iron works, it's totally doable and for me, it just feels like home. Ok, wait, one time our sink was clogged and we had to call them twice to come up and fix it which was kinda annoying but it was fixed! Oh and I wish they have an ipod/apple dock for music and I wish lighting were better but still, these little quirks don't stop me at staying at Harrahs!CASINO: The casino itself is pretty small which is a little of a downside on weekends when it's pack because it's so hard to find a seat on a table or to play your favorite slot machine. What I like is that the casino isn't confusing. So you easily know where you're going and hardly ever lost. STAFF: The staff rocks at Harrahs. I've never had a bad experience with the staff here. The bell/valet boys are always polite and quick with our needs. The front desk staff are always accommodating and even lets us check-in early if the rooms are clean and ready to go. We always get a booklet of coupons when we check-in which is awesome! The dealers, pit boss and bartenders are so easy going and fun to talk too. I like that I can sit down at the bar, play a minimum of $.25 on Jacks or Better, order a drink (drinks are free if you play - if you don't already know :/ ) and not be asked to bet MAX in order for the drink to be on the house. AND, on top of that, if I order another drink five minutes later, I'm not told there's a time limit on drink orders. So my needs are always met! I once ordered a shot, diet coke, hot tea, water and OJ in this drunkin state and all drinks were served with a smile. Doesn't get any better than that!LOCATION: Harrahs is located in the middle of the strip so you're close to all the other casinos/hotels. There's also a 24 hour McDonalds right next door for when you're just leaving the club and craving some oily fries at 4:00 in the morning, winning! The walk to Aria/Cosmo/TI/Venetian/Caesars are all close and within walking distance. I like that it's centrally located, just can't go wrong!I'm heading back to Vegas in two weeks, can you guess where I'll be staying??
3	we've stayed here in the past because the room rates were awesome (30 bucks a night). This last visit was pretty strange. They put us on the pet friendly floor (3rd floor).  There were dogs barking in every room on our way down the hall to our room. the room was tiny, but thats fine.  it became a horrible visit when the people that checked in next to us, left their dogs in the room alone. they barked non stop.  After an hour i complained and they upgraded us to a 'suite'. The only thing that made it a suite was the size.  it was a huge room with the same crummy TV, a sofa bed, no view and paper thin walls. People have complained about the smoke, but not me. I'm a smoke freak, hate it with a passion, and it honestly didn't bother me. Only won about 50 bucks playing Keno.  I love that this place is central to the other casino's.oh, and we arrived at 11:30 am, and they let us check in early. Snotty desk clerk, but hey, if you allow me to check in early, i can overlook your crappy attitude.
4	*just for the casino*Here's a few thoughts that passed through my mind as I walked through Harrah's from the monorail to get to the Venetian:1. Wow, I can't breathe...damn smokers. 2. Toby Keith restaurant -WTF?! I hope some red necks don't try to kill me cause I'm on their territory.3. Ooh they have all my favorite 25 cents slots - I'll be back.4. Why is there a go-go dancer above the blackjack tables? Damn she looks skanky - but if I was a guy this would get me to spend more $ so I can picture myself fing her.Here were my thoughts on the way back:1. My feet are killing me - ok I'll play some slots until I have the will to take that damn walk to the monorail.2. 25 cent slots, cherries, 7s, bars....ooh I'm up $5!!!3. Please don't let than man come up to me, please please don't talk to me...no, you are killing my lucky streak! I don't want to leave my slot machine! Look, I'm not a prostitute even though I am gambling alone on a Saturday night and I look damn good. See my friend got food poisoning so now I'm stuck entertaining myself. Damn, I'm leaving.4. Hmm, if I was a hooker, I would definitely start turning tricks at Harrah's. I feel like it would be just, JUST nice enough I would not have to sleep with really gross men, but seedy enough were I could learn the tricks of the trade before moving my way up to high class call girl.
1	The worst hotel experience ever! I booked two king rooms.First it was fine.They upgraded me to a suite of two bedrooms. After I got in the room and find out there's only one king bed, I called the front desk and ask if I can change to king bed rooms, although I don't have to change. They said that was a down grade from what I have, I said ok, the queen beds are too small for us. They said ok, you just need to come down to the lobby. I packed my luggage and go back to the front desk, and then they told me there's no king beds! NON! Why don't you tell me when I called??They said they can only put me in two rooms with two queens. I was going to keep the suite and not making the change, then they told me the room is gone!  Before I said anything, they cancelled my suite, and give it to somebody else! WTF! This is not it. I found the manager and told him the story and guess what he said?! "Did you know the king size is not guaranteed? Did you get what you have booked for??" I said," yes! I'm talking about your service not weather I get what I paid for!" Then he goes," Ok, I get it. I will make a note to the system that you had issues"  THAT IS IT! Not even a "Sorry"! What a great manager!!-----The hotel itself was also disgusting! Someone's vomit was on the hallway outside the elevator for the whole night. The casino was raining inside because of the flood outside. If you can afford $20 more per day, get another hotel, PLEASE! Do not put your vacation in risk!
2	On the most recent trip up to Vegas to continue biting through all the the great Buffets up there, we stayed at Harrah's this time.  The room was stylishly decorated, but too small for the two queen size beds.  Also, the TV was the old CRT type & there was no in-room coffee maker, free or not.  Other recent stays at Caesar's, Bally's & even Imperial Palace provided a better experience due to the crowded conditions in the room here.  (It was a challenge to even find a place for the suitcase stand!)On the plus side, everything DID work properly here without having to call maintenance, which has been a common inconvenience at some of the other hotels both here & in Laughlin.
3	Have stayed here many times. It's obviously not a five star hotel but I have never had any issues. No dogs, smoke, or noise issues and no staff issues either. I have had smaller rooms here as well as average sized, just luck of the draw I guess. If I were staying in Vegas for a week or more I might go somewhere else but I am usually there for three days and very little of that time is spent in my room.  Great rates allow me to spend more money on food at other hotels.
3	I stayed on the 10th floor of the Mardi Gras tower. It was quiet and convenient, which is about all I ask of an inexpensive (~$80/night) room. No pets, no smoking, no problems. The room was not as nice as rooms I've seen at the Encore or MGM, but again, for a bed and shower in a nonsmoking room, it was just fine.The MG tower is fairly close to the monorail, which worked well for me. It limits the amount of walk-through-the-casino time, which also works well for me.One gripe: Harrah's promotes its lack of a resort fee, but Internet access costs about $12/day -- that's included in the resort fee at the TI, for example -- and the health club costs $10-$20/day. So, I guess if you're not planning on exercising or getting online, the lack of a resort fee is a good deal. But the a la carte approach makes the place potentially MORE expensive than some of the competition. The hotel has a $7 airport shuttle, at least for getting back to McCarran (not sure about getting picked up there though). That's a better deal than a taxi.
5	I booked this hotel on a Friday, the same day we planned to be staying. I called to see if there were cheaper rates for AAA or airline employees, which there are, however at that moment the online rate was $10 cheaper. The lady on the phone, Alicia I believe, told me that that was as cheap as it would get and if it said $80 (as opposed to $90) that I should take it. So I did. We drove over from San Diego, and arrived right around 7pm, the line to check in was a bit long, but I only waited 15 minutes to be helped. The attendant who checked me in, was extremely friendly and helpful, and she even upgraded us to a suite! The room was great! Very large, great view, temperature control in room. The shower is huge, with great water pressure and even the shampoo & soaps they provide are pretty decent. My boyfriend needed to buy pants and asked at the concierge and they were able to give us great directions. On top of that, parking is a breeze and free. Great location, great staff, great rates, great room. I couldn't be happier and will most definitely stay at Harrah's again.
3	I stayed at Harrah's during my last visit to Vegas.  The hotel seems a little bit older, but everything was nicely maintained and seemed clean.  The hotel has a central location and the pricing is pretty fair too.   Everyone I interacted with was pretty friendly.  Not overly friendly like at some other hotels, but not rude either.  The room itself was spacious; my only complaint is that there isn't internet access.I also wish that there were more dining options; but I guess I could just visit another hotel for some better food.
4	We stayed here for a quick weekend out of town and really enjoyed it.Pros:1.  Room clean2.  Climate control works3.  Staff over-the-top helpful4.  Relaxed, easy to have fun in5.  Live music in the courtyard is great6.  Bacardi bar in the courtyard also great, pretty heavy pour on the rumCons:1.  I tried to go to the buffet and waited so long to be helped, and then told that I entered the wrong door . . . annoyed me enough that I went off property to have lunch.2.  The Starbucks is out-of-their-mind highly priced, would recommend the coffee from the McD's next door.  $4 for a cup of brewed coffee is an awful lot.  I don't mind paying a little extra, that's part of the game, but hate being ripped off.  McD's is the usual pricing and I feel like their coffee is decent.3.  No free Wi-Fi, so many devices require Wi-Fi to function correctly, it kind of surprises me that it is not offered in many places.  I would absolutely stay here again.  It was just an easy place to have fun with no pretense, but if I could find the same experience somewhere that has Wi-Fi, I would stay there instead.
3	Many moons ago, this mid strip property was known as the Holiday Casino (yes as in Holiday Inn). Exactly 20 years ago through ownership changes, it was rebranded as Harrah's - becoming the first Las Vegas property as a pseudo flagship of the now former Harrah's Entertainment (Now known as Caesars Entertainment). By "classic Vegas" standards, there is no shortage of history at this spot.Even though the Harrahs / Ceasars lineups and properties have changed often over the years, the same can't really be said for Harrah's Las Vegas. Compared to its more contemporary sister properties, it feels a bit 90s retro here, antiquated to the point where even the resort's amenities feel middle of the road. Call it hard times, but its likely the hotel has seen better days.Like any good Harrah's property, there are plenty of slots - approximately 1,600 of them in various denominations. Fans of 21 should find plenty of love in the tables, as there are more black jack tables than any other here (Spanish 21 is also available). They could use a few more baccarat tables (only 1?) and craps for the never ending dice fiends. As any one can guess, the casino is fairly pedestrian by mega resort standards but it has most of all the mainstream games. For you players out there, expect decent comps for the dollar and it goes a long way hereDon't expect to be wow'd on the hotel side. Regular rooms of a king or two queen beds aren't going to be all that contemporary and the high end suites are a bit on the limited side, but feature decent amenities for the price. Speaking of prices, they're usually on the lower end for a strip property, but because of the location expect this hotel to be filled quickly.Nightlife? Let's not go there. But if you might crave the firewater, get your drink on at Carnaval (http://www.yelp.com/biz/carnaval-court-bar-and-grill-las-vegas) where its likely to be  Jersey Shore, west coast edition. If you seek something different, try the Piano Bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-piano-bar-at-harrahs-las-vegas) where you can see some folks throw down tickling ivory style (a la Jay Chou? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-FdX1D5hVg) while getting your drink on.Harrah's is more of a family property complete with an arcade for the kids, a wedding chapel for the love birds, a decent swimming pool for the ray catchers and cabana choir, an overpriced healthclub and spa, and convention space for the business folks who wished they were at Caesars Palace instead.Eateries are the worst offenders for me here. Don't get me started on the Flavors Buffet or the embarrassing Toby Keith Restaurant ("I Love This Bar and Grill"). Ming's Table (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mings-table-las-vegas) really belongs at Imperial Palace and Winning Streaks Grill is beyond cheesy. I think The Range (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-range-steakhouse-las-vegas) might be the most decent spot to grab a quality meal, but since its a steak house its going to be priciest establishment in the house. Considering everything else Harrah's has to offer, this is definitely not a bad choice during any stay.
3	We booked a 4 night/ 5 day package deal. First thing we noticed when we checked in was kind of a funky smell. The hotel has a mardi gras/ carnaval theme to it. It was really slow to check in, the staff were nice but not overly warm which I'm ok with but generally a sign, in my experience, of people who hate their job. We had a room with a King size bed and a 32 inch LCD HD TV, decent size bathroom, good enough. My biggest tip is avoid the timeshare trap, with offers of show tickets if you just sit through a 2-3 hr presentation, not worth it! The Casino was kind of spread out, not like one large open floor, it can be kind of confusing. Hotel restaurants included Toby Keith's bar, I found to be overpriced and poor beer selections, great if you like Country Music. Asian restaurant  in the hotel, Ming's Buffet was ok but not great. Carnaval Court an outdoor bar with flare bartenders was probably the best part of the Casino. I'd probably pay a bit extra and try a nicer hotel next time. Tip don't go to the Starbucks in the hotel, instead look for a Corporate Starbucks which are normal priced, there is one at the Fashion Show Mall a bit north on the strip.
1	Harrah's is a subpar hotel on the strip in Las Vegas. While it is conveniently located, the rooms are completely unremarkable, the carpets are threadbare in places, and the decor is drab and depressing. My room was clean, but there really is nothing particularly interesting or compelling about the accommodations. On the even more negative side, while I expect that there are going to be ancillary charges and fees related to services at any hotel, they've refined the practice to the point well beyond where they should. They charged me $7 to pick up a package that I had shipped to myself via UPS, claiming it was a hotel "handling" fee. What was amazing about this is that the fee was collected by employees of a UPS store inside the hotel, so it actually appears that UPS is double dipping, charging me not only to ship the package, but to pick it up as well. It's ridiculous. This sort of nickel and dime ripoff is emblematic of a hotel that has to find ways to take money from customers even to the point of insult. This is an amenity that any hotel should provide without charge, but no.Although I checked in fairly easily, I was told by numerous others who were attending the same trade show I am that they endured massive lines to check in (that I did witness), and that the staff has were not knowledgeable and were rude.Last, and certainly not least, they lack WiFi. To use to the internet you need to connect via wired ethernet, the cable for which is not even at a desk you can sit at (because, uhhh, guess what? There is no desk in the room, despite more than adequate space), but on your night table, requiring you either pull up a chair or be forced to use your laptop sitting on the bed. In this day and age, this is completely inexcusable, especially for a hotel conglomerate (that includes Caesar's, Bally's, Paris, and others that dominate the central part of the strip) that has to be making money hand over fist from its casinos. This is not a luxury amenity when there are many McDonalds that have hotspots these days. Put a freakin' wireless network in, ya mooks. The year is 2012, not 2002 in case yer analog calender is done broked and whatnot.My recommendation is that you stay somewhere else unless you are getting an outstanding deal here.
1	Pretty bad experience with this hotel. The front desk AND concierge were very rude,  valet takes forever, hotel is ugly and entrance looks like a back ally. Won't ever stay here again.Pro's- Cheap so don't expect luxury            Small balcony            Have rooms for your dogs            TV in the bathroomCon's-Rude staff            Hotel has a very old feeling to it            Entrance is very unattractive            Valet is very slow            Service in Casino and restaurants are horrible
3	3 stars sounds just about right for this place. If I was rating it just on the quality of the room, 3.5 or 4 might sound right, but there are too many problems with the service (moreso the hotel's policies than the people). I stayed 3 nights in a room in the Carnaval Tower. For the price (averaged about $40/night for 3 weeknights), the room was quite good. It was spacious, clean, and had a nice bathroom. Let's get to the negatives. For one, I had to pay $28 to check in early on a Tuesday. I'm sorry, but that's bullshit. I understand how things work in Vegas, and that most properties that don't charge a resort fee do charge for early check-in, but I seriously dislike paying such a fee. Fortunately for Harrah's, I also dislike waiting in line, so I paid the money in order to drop my bag off in my room, and begrudginly paid the fee. I also think the casino here straight up sucks. The machines were too tight, and for a low-roller casino, the table minimums seemed kind of high to me. $10 was the lowest minimum I found for roulette, and all of the $10 blackjack games pay 6:5 for a blackjack, which is deplorable, in my opinion. That's really not even blackjack. I didn't eat at any of the restaurants while I stayed here, because they looked unimpressive.I could go on and on about how this place bleeds every last dollar out of its customers ($4.50 for a regular coffee from Starbucks?!), but that's how Vegas works these days. It would be unfair to criticize this hotel for something every other hotel in town does. At the same time, it would be nice to find a place on the strip that really does cater to the budget-minded gambler like Harrah's and Imperial Palace claim to. I've heard things are still like that downtown, but I'm not looking to be sitting at a table with a bunch of 70 year olds, so I'm not too anxious to find out.
4	I love Harrah's! It's a great location on the Vegas strip that has nice rooms for a reasonable price. Check in can be a bit tough, as the line does get rather long. But once your settled in, the place is perfect! Got the free upgrade so the room was big, clean and quiet. Nice size bathroom too, with plenty of hot water! The location is the best on the strip for the money, smack dab in the middle of Sin City Proper. I love to go across the street to Caesar's sports book. The Flamingo sports book is close as well. Whatever you do, avoid Imperial Palace like the plague, it is a dump. The monorail has a station at Harrah's, so getting to a show is easy enough. "O" at the Bellagio is very much worth the price of admission. I personally prefer to wander, and starting at Harrah's it's easy to A) see the volcano at the Mirage, B) check out the Sirens of TI, C) watch the water show in front of the Bellagio, and even D) hit the ultimate feast at the Bacchanal Buffet inside Caesar's.The casino itself is so so, but who cares, too many worthy options within walking distance to make that a sticking point.Check out is a breeze (did it on the TV), parking is easy, and with no resort fees, the price is right!One thing they should have but don't, free Internet. Would make it 5 stars.
1	This hotel has no customer services at all.   From management to housekeeping, they need to have better training how to communicate and treat their customers.Cons-  Missing cosmetic (brand new) in room after housekeeping clean the room              Filed a report with securities.             Management did not acknowledgment about the problem.             Check out early because did not feels safe in the hotel another day.            Still have to pay for the room fees after being violated            Receiving a letter from  Risks Management and stating that the investigation            will be close because there was lack of evidence.Of course, housekeeping does not want to admit that she took my package or possible my package walk away on its own.This is a big corporation, but they do not want to reimburse my loss ($80.00 or waived my hotel fees ($65.00).    VERY SAD!!!!
1	Only for Buffet. Worse ever, don't go here unless you're a vegetarian.
2	My room was very substandard. Its bathroom had what looked like a blood splatter on the wall, holes in the ceiling, and dirt on the shelves. We had 2 room keys and one worked randomly and the other not at all. When I told management about the blood splatter they seemed to care less. The rooms are stuffy with zero circulation and the air conditioning is loud. The location is great but there are so many other choices in the same area and you should choose one of them. Harrah's is a disappointment...
5	Came here this past weekend and stayed at Harrahs.  This was our first time.  Rooms were really nice.  Love the fact this casino is sandwiched on the strip by many other casinos that are in walking distance.
1	This place sucks compared to newer hotels.  The air filters in the room looked like it has not been changed in over a year. For the 3 days I stayed, I kept smelling cigarette smoke, probably from the last person that stayed there and my room was supposed to be for non-smoking.
1	This place has a lot of slots, and I went here only because they had a big write up on their website about Star Trek slots. Well, I talked to the floor manager who was friendly but said they removed the machines 4 months prior. I looked around and left, it was just too busy. The real problem later was the way I was treated by Security. Some how I ended up here instead of my hotel (another Caesar's Property) and I had a little too much to drink and asked for a cab back. Apparently, they ran my ID to verify that I was a paying Guest there and escorted me out. They were not rude, but I found it in very bad taste that they would simply cut me loose instead of calling me a cab since I was lost. There were no cabs outside.  Shame on Harrah's.
3	I came to Vegas for work and got this for $51 mid week via Hotels.com. For that price I'm very pleased although i don't think I'd stay again. The good: Location is on the strip. Not always a plus :) The rooms are big and clean There's a monorail stop here. The less good: The layout of the hotel is bad. You will see at the car park arrivals The choice of breakfast dining is bad The hotel pool is unloved with busted pool furniture. The rooms don't have Wi-Fi connectivity and still has a LAN cable and of course all Vegas hotels charge for the Internet. No coffee machine. Stayed October 2012
3	For $24 a night, this was the place to stay before Christmas. Can't complain with the cheap stay, as it was a place to sleep and shower. I stayed on the pet friendly floor as it was the only floor available that had a king bed. Room was decently sized, and much more modern than I had expected from photos on hotels.com. There was also a small TV in my bathroom, but I never used as I couldn't find a remote.This hotel is in a fairly good location, short distance to Venetian/Palazzo. Also close to some cheap fast food chains (i.e. Subway, Chipotle, McD's, and Panda) and although I lost quickly on the first night, I did the best on slots at this hotel. Score! Rack up the Total Rewards points! However, it wasn't until people checked in over the weekend, that I realized how thin the walls were. You could hear every flush, thump, etc. The housekeeping also chit chat a lot in the hallways which made me get very little sleep. Luckily, it's Vegas, and the oxygen pumping keeps you awake.The cocktail waitresses also come often, and also remember your orders. Overall, a decent stay, especially for the cheap prices. Hopefully with all the money I donated I'll be able to rack up a comp for next time!
4	I liked this hotel! The suite was awesome and my friends normal room was nice as well. Came here for their New Years Party. Won some money...had some fun...rang in the New Year...overall a good time.
3	Havent stayed here since I was a Diamond Club member but what I remember was a very A-Ok casino/hotel.  Harrahs has great location being pretty much right in the middle of the strip and decent pricing for decent rooms.  All and all this is a good choice for those preferring to walk the strip instead of renting a car or catching taxis. The Luxor is cheaper and has a higher rating but I prefer Harrahs since Luxor is on the top of the strip and caters to low brow crowd :)
2	I was pretty disappointed with their front desk customer service.  The lady I had was not very professional at all. The whole time I was trying to talk to her she pretty much not listening to what I was saying and was talking to her co-worker the whole time which I taught was very rude.  That made my whole evening pretty upsetting. When I got to the room the lamp and TV remote was not working and it took them until the next day before I got replacement. The hotel use to be so nice when I was a diamond player and since I have not been there a long time I started from the bottom again which was fine but I cannot believe how that person treated me.
2	Negative:  This is one of the older hotels. Stayed in the Mardi Gras tower on the 16th floor. The room was dirty and several things were broken or in need of maintenance. (Hair dryer was broken, drain in shower was clogged, key card reader worked intermittently) Room also needed remodeling.   Cost for Saturday night stay $40- You get what you pay for. Air quality is poor. Casino is very smokey and the air doesn't seem to be filtered. Extra charge for internet access.Positive: Location is right on the Strip- Almost right in the middle.  Venetian, Mirage, Forum Shops, Treasure Island, etc are all close by. Monorail station is continently located right on site. Free shuttle to Rio, Bally's and Paris. Airport shuttle is $7 per person - Cash Only. Tix4Tonite Box Office is close by in the Casino Royale. Higher tier rooms are of better quality.
2	I stay at Harrahs because of the location -- basically attached to the Sands Convention Center.  Otherwise, I would stay somewhere else.The place has aged and is in need of some serious updating and renovation.  The rooms are pretty old and have obvious maintenance issues.  Do they seem clean, however.The casino is nothing special.  They do have some of the latest slot machines, but the sports book is very small and there isn't a lot of table gaming.We had an incident in which we were locked out of our room due to a technical problem with the door (not the door key).  We waited over an hour at 11pm for someone to get us in the room -- and then we got little apology and no compensation.The buffet is just o.k. and overpriced.  The highlight of the place is probably the KGB (Kerry's Gormet Burgers), which is a pretty good restaurant.In short, Harrahs is in a good location and is acceptable -- but it needs some work to be good.
3	Harrah's is a no-frills place to stay that has a great location - smack dab in the middle of the strip. The monorail also has a stop here so that adds to the convenience. - No mandatory resort fee!! But that means you gotta pay for internet. - Best to get into the parking structure via Koval Ln (the parking signs are pretty confusing from the Strip POV)- Very smokey casino - Next to food court: Chipotle, McDonald's, Panda? - Fits 4 (2 Queen beds) very comfortably; 5 is okay (with air mattress), 6 is probably ok but tight. I've stayed here with 8 people in a standard room before...and it was pretty painful. - Sign up for Total Rewards (free!) so you can skip the long check in line and hop right over to the quicker line. Also, even though there were signs everywhere saying check in is at 4pm and a charge for earlier check in, with my total rewards card, we were able to check in at around 1pm with no extra charge.
3	Overall good experiance. They really need to kick it in to high gear at check in, otherwise good place.
4	I was actually really surprised with Harrah's. I bought two groupons for $65 for two weeknights w/2 spa passes (gym and jacuzzi entrance) and $25 drink credits at their bars. Checked in last Monday and checked out Friday.The room:CleanMuch larger then I expectedTwo super comfy queen bedsNo free internet :(  $12 for 24hrsCableIf you really need more to your room than it being clean with super comfy beds, than I don't know what you are doing in Vegas. You are not meant to stay in your room in Vegas, you are meant to explore.Although It was actually hard to leave the room because the beds and pillows were so super comfortable. Well and the fact that we were pretty drunk even before gallavanting.Internet? $12 isn't much to pay in a place like Vegas. Man, I mean It was hard to find lunch under $10. Plus again, what are you doing on the internet instead of outside on vacation?Spa:NAWe never saw it because it closed too early for a bunch of hungover twenty somethings. This is Vegas, so no excuses!Bar/drink tickets:InconsistantMy friend wanted to try Hennessy so we used the two $25 drink passes at the bar Bill's Corner inside Harrah's on separate nights. The first night we got 3 shots for $19 bucks, tipped the rest and added two bucks. The guy was nice and I hate not putting any cash down. Next day we went back and a different guy charged us $30 for the same three shots (actually kinda less booze). I still tipped well, but was kinda confused and irritated. I hate making a fuss and just let it go. Honestly I would have gone back a bunch of times and paid a ton for shots and left a good tip, but that's kinda even too far for this sucker. Casino/hotel:Great service on the Casino FloorWarm atmosphereWell litNot depressingSmoky, but not too badExcellent locationSuper CheapCool free magic/comedy showOur group only really played the slots, this was one of the only hotels were we constantly received service. We are pretty good tippers and the ladies were pretty attentive except when the hotel was super busy. Wished they could even fix that, seriously, if people are nice and visit us often, our group is not stingy, we just want to keep a constant state of sauced. The crowd here is mostly old ladies. Most seem cheery and nice. The hotel is certainly busy, even on weekdays in January. The hotel isn't fancy, but it's certainly not depressing. It's definitely neater than places like Circus Circus, and I even prefered it to the impersonal fancy large hotels where everything is super spread out.The place was a little smoky and a little stuffy, but nothing too bad compared to the rest of the strip. Don't even get me started on Excalibur. Ughhh...so gross. We were either drunk or hung over our whole stay, and this was one of the least headache inducing places to hang. They give you free tickets to a Mac Hill comedy/magic show. You have to pay for one drink and tip, but I seriously recommend it. One of the cheapest and entertaining things to check out. Its really cool actually.Honestly what people will remember is the price and location. It is right in the center of strip and somewhat close to everything. OHHHH! Don't forget to get a Total Rewards card. It's free and  lets you check in early and skip lines.
3	Was kinda worried about staying here. Wasn't sure if it was going to be a dump. To my surprise it was very clean, rooms were very nice and the service is unbelievable. The staff make a point to treat their guests well. I'll be back for sure.
2	Worst of the worst in customer satisfaction. I am a big gambler, a diamond member, and a loyal harrahs properties guest. This will absolutely be my last time staying with them. Tired of stupid penny pinching tactics such as a $25 charge for checking in at 3:30 instead of 4pm. And $10 a day Internet.  No more. Harrahs and planet hollywood can lick balls!
1	The hotel room was fairly clean, bed was comfy. We had a few problems with the room though. The thermostat didn't work. They said they fixed it but they didn't. Very hot stuffy nights. It stayed 80 and above in the room.  Not cool. The bath tub didn't have a stopper so they had to fix that too. The tv remote was missing but didn't call for that. I just got tired  of calling. And Harrah's does not have wireless!  We won't stay here again.  But we will go back to dine at Ruth Chris, which is located in the casino.  It was awesome!
4	This hotel is way better than I expected so I'll give it 4 stars. Maybe its because my last time in Vegas I stayed at the Imperial Palace (aka Quad now) that made my expectations so low.  Location wise its pretty much in the center of the strip. Walkable distance to everything pretty much. The hotel is much nicer and bigger than I thought. Room service was very good as well. Ice machines worked in our floor and that is very important!! Rooms were pretty cheap also. We got 3 nights for a little over $100 which was almost a steal. We got 2 adjacent connecting rooms for a little over $200. Not bad at all. Definitely will try to stay here if I can whenever I come back!
4	A good place given the price point.  I paid $40/night.  Caesar's was sold out.  So unless you are going to spend all day in your room, save money and stay here and use your savings for food, drink and gambling.  One problem is wired internet access for $13 that is slower than 4G LTE.  But again are you here to work in your room or to have fun in Vegas?
3	The hotel is good for a nice, clean place to sleep. I ate outside of the hotel.  All the reviews before mine helped me pick this place. No need for a rental car because  the location is within walking distance to the hotspots. The $7 airport shuttle drops you off right in front of Harrahs. The monorail was great. We used it to go to the LVH superbowl party only took 7minutes and cost $5 each way or $12 for a day pass.
2	Plain and simple, the lobby in here has seen better days! Now I totally understand the ash tray smell in Vegas. However, this lobby absolutely reeked of cigarettes! I even started coughing! We came to Harrah's to try some "famous" Ice Pan Ice Cream (which turned out to be mediocre). There were no signs and no signs of employees to help us find our way to the ice cream shop. We finally found it on the second floor. That area still reeked of cigarettes! Luckily the monorail station was a quick walk out the back so we could find our breath and not have to walk through the stench bucket, old, and dated casino floor!
2	Cheap place to stay. Good location but that's about it- HEAVY smokers in this hotel and little to do other than gamble. Charge for gym use (as a guest paying to stay) is an extra $25 per person per day. This place needs a clean up!
2	Location is good. But the rooms are TINY and the beds are not that great. The best cheap hotel that I prefer is the Flamingo. Around the same price so I won't be staying here again.
3	Harrah's a good choice for a budget hotel in the center strip of Vegas.Pros+location+clean rooms+cheap eats next door: McDonald's, Chipotle, Panda Express, Fat Tuesdays+small store on casino level+shuttle to airport $7/pp+Total Rewards Cons-very smoky-weak drinks-basic amenities-no free wifi
3	King Size - Carnival Tower - Non Smoking Room Review. Internet is ~$34 for 3 days and is NOT WiFI -- you shall be tethered to the wall. Housekeeping staff is very friendly yet professional and they do a good job with daily cleaning/room reset.  Furnishings a bit dated and the carpets are in desperate need of a deep cleaning --- bring slippers or socks to wear in room or keep shoes on at all times.  Bed was comfortable and a nice selection of pillows.  Not sure if turn-down service is the norm or not --- first night back in the room I was startled as I entered to the sound of voices ---  the radio that had been left on, window opened and towels refreshed.  This was the only night this happened so it's a bit sketch.   Excellent in-room movie selection -- believe a current movie is ~$15.  If you are on the side of the building facing strip, be ready for a loud experience --- music kicks into full gear and runs until early morning hours -- then again, you'll likely be down there enjoying it life!  Front desk staff is a mixed bunch -- the woman who helped me at check-in (sorry - failed to catch her name) -- was fabulous and has worked there ~7 years.  When I attempted to let the staff know that a room on my floor had an alarm clock blaring continuously at 7am (I was on my way out - didn't wake me but there were others on the floor I was hoping to help) I was sent to 2 different people (in addition to original desk clerk)  rather than having the initial point of contact take the information and take care of it.
1	First, I made a reservation on a third party website for 4 rooms.Then I called a week prior to see if we could get rooms on the same floor (and put in a request for adjoining rooms).  Harrah's said, "No prob."Then I called 2 days prior to verify my reservation and make sure I had 2 queen beds in each room. Harrah's said, "You got it."Then I show up, and my reservation has been cancelled. WHAT?  Luckily it only took them 5 minutes to recover it, but geez.  And the front desk lady was nice enough.  She found us 2 adjoining rooms and got us 2 other rooms next to each other.  So, thanks front desk lady! But check-in (without me having to wait in a line) took 30 minutes.  I am not kidding.The rooms are small, and although they are mostly clean I did find mascara on my pillow cover (for the 3 nights I stayed there, which means-- no sheet changes).  The biggest issue I had was NOISE.  I could hear kids (what the eff are kids doing in Vegas and not staying at Circus Circus?) running down the hall early in the morning.  I could also hear music going all night.  ALL NIGHT.  Literally I woke up at 6AM to get a cab to the airport one morning and the music was still playing.  WHY?! It made for extremely restless sleep.  I would not go back there even if it was the cheapest option on the strip.Helpful tip: If you do end up staying here, sign up for the Total Rewards card prior.  You will automatically be considered "Gold" status and get to go in a different line for check in.  This might save you some time on the front end.
2	The one great thing about Harrah's is the location.  An easy walk to Venetian/Palazzo, Caesar's, Bellagio, The Mirage, Paris, etc.  Our room was surprisingly roomy, however, we did request a king bed but were told no more rooms were available with a single king bed.  Our particular room was very dark even with all the lights turned on.  We were in the Carnaval tower on the 9th floor.  Unfortunately, we ended up with a view of the check-in/valet area and parking garage.  For anyone who doesn't know, the valet area has EXTREMELY loud music which can be heard in the room.  I could hear and name every single song, that's how loud it is.  After the first night having only been able to sleep for 4 hours due to the noise, we did call the front desk to complain, the clerk let us know that they receive a lot of complaints about it (well, maybe that's a sign that the music is too loud!).  We asked if they provide complimentary earplugs but they don't.The casino is outdated and lacking in the slot machine area.  After playing in their casino a couple of days we would head to some of their sister properties and play there instead, i.e. Paris and Planet Hollywood.The housekeeping employee(s) missed a few things, like towels we left on the ground, but overall, they did a nice job.For the price it is just OK, and we had two out of our 4 nights comped.
4	We stayed here for a few nights in the summer. Check-in was easy, and they upgraded our room to a very spacious suite. The amenities were excellent, and it was nice to come back to a comfortable, quiet room after spending a lot of time (And money) on The Strip!
4	People...this is Vegas. If you're spending more than thirty minutes a day in your room, then you're doing it incorrectly.That being said, I thought Harrah's was an incredible hotel, especially for the price. At $30 a night with such an awesome location, it served my needs nearly perfectly. Granted, I'm a broke college student who usually stays in those motels that look like they're right out of a horror movie, but I thought the room was great. The bed was comfy as hell and prevented me from getting up more (not because of alcohol...I promise). The bathroom was really nice as well, with a little place to sit and have a beer or seven while the hot water poured over me.The casino itself was solid because it had the Michael Jackson slot machines and let's face it...I didn't need anything else after I saw those.The check-in staff was very friendly after a little bit of small talk because put yourself in their shoes...they're dealing with pricks like us all day so it's nice to just ask them how they're doing and treat them like humans as opposed to evil robots that give us our keys.The place gets four stars because the walls are really thin and the conversations in the hallway felt like they were coming from my bathroom. Luckily I went during the week so it wasn't too busy but I can see how drunk assholes at 4 AM could be a problem. Hopefully you can just drink away that possibility so you pass out with no chance of waking up. Also, the lack of internet was a big problem for me because I have a phone that was made in the late 90's for fuck's sakes. But if you have 4G or any smart phone, you're fine.Overall, I'm really hoping to stay at Harrah's again if the price is right because I had a great time and so did my girlfriend (ohhhh yeahhhhh). Who am I kidding I didn't get laid one time.
4	Great location and they have a lot of Penny slots. The room was nice. Didn't like we were on a lower floor; however, we only used the room to catch some sleep and spent most of the time outside. The location and the price of the hotel is what got us to stay, and would come again. (Stayed on 03/14/13).
3	Came here in February b/c of the great price and that they don't charge you for a daily surcharge fee. (I know that has changed as of March 1st though). The place seems old and full of older people. Nothing wrong with old people, I love them, but they don't give me the vibe of wanting to gamble or drink. There weren't any problems with the reservations. The Wyndham Resorts people annoyed the hell out of us though. I understand they have a job and they are probably the smoothest talkers in the world, but when it comes to me saying NO, I mean it. I had to just say I wasn't 25 so they wouldn't keep bothering us. GRRR. We didn't eat here b/c we had a bunch of groupons that we used, which ended up being soooo much cheaper than paying full price for other restaurants. I feel the air circulation is very poor. It needs to be cleaned or updated. The rooms are old. Need an updating too. The walls are super thin..... For our next visit I think we'll pay the big bucks and go to the Venetian or Bellagio. My lungs will be much happier and I'll feel like I'm within the right crowd of people.
4	It's my second time at Harrah's and the best thing about this place is the location.  I mean for the price of where this is on the strip even it's not one of the higher end hotels it's probably one of the best deals on the strip. Positives:- location-price -oyster bar-decent roomsShort distance walk from the strip to your actual hotel room unlike other huge sister hotels. Dislikes:-can be a little smokey in the casinos,  but I got use to it-buffet there isn't that great -service can shady sometimes -started charging resort fees as of March 1st, $18/nightConclusion:Even with more dislikes,  the positives out weight the negatives in my option.  Like I said , location is GOLDEN.
3	I enjoyed my stay at Harrah's. Casino is good, food options are good, and the pool is nice. TONS of space to lay out. You can hear the music from Carnival Court and that adds a hip touch. Check in was easy & the room was...Fine. I mean if you aren't going to be in your room (HELLO, it's VEGAS) then these rooms are fine. Had a HUGE bathroom. Is it the fanciest? Not at all. But to crash at 6 am, it's perfect.
3	Good hotel great location ill stay again
2	Harrah's does have a prime smack dab in the middle of the strip, walk out and get mobbed by people location, I'll give em that.They've also held their own and stayed upto par with the Casinos spending Millions on remodeling and keeping current.Harrah's did nothing of that sort, they know their location is enough to keep them up there as one of the must visit places.Me, I think Harrah's sucks.It's old and musty and seemingly in exactly the location where all the drunk kids stumble around outside.The carpets are stained, the ceilings are low, not very inviting.Both places I tried to eat at, Gorden Ramsey and KGB pissed me off so...sorry Harrah's i won't even bother walking through next time.
4	Stayed at the suite (at the towers) for 2 nights. I LOVED the suite. The furniture was modern, the rooms were spacious, and the tub+restroom was nice! Beds: So comfortable, knocked out in a second once I hit the sheetsBathtub: Had jetsShower: Very spacious, 2 shower head...seems like its meant for two..wink wink, setting the water to the right temp and figuring out how to work the nozzles was confusing though Bathroom sink area: Theres a TV right in the middle of the mirror..thought that was a little strangeRoom Service: did a great job tidying up the roomOther comments: Nice little sink in the other room, comfy couch, room had 2 robes provide, not the best view from where I was though, didn't see anythingGreat experience at the suite
4	Harrah's is actually kind of cool.  I have never stepped foot in here before truthfully, so when I did for an Elite event, I was pleasantly surprised.They just opened up a beautiful Ruth's Chris steakhouse that overlooks the Vegas strip with floor to ceiling windows.  It's definitely worth the drive here for the steakhouse alone.I took a look around, and the table games were a bit cheaper than the bigger guys on the strip.  They also had a few bars and lounges, so you can stay busy here.Might be worth the stop if you are already walking the strip!
5	Harrah's will always be tops on my places to stay. I am talking about any Harrah's properties. We got caught up in Sandy and couldn't get home for about a week and they went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of. I have stayed at Ballys, Caesars, Harrahs, and Imperial Palace in the past all very comfortable and modern except for the latter but they are in the process of modernizing it. Have always received exceptional service. One gripe I have is what happened to all the soft serve machines. I don't want no stinking gelato. LOL
3	Only came here to meet up with friends & play some games. Staff was awesome & I enjoyed HOURS of craps & blackjack. Good times. scenery wasn't bad either
3	Harrah's is actually a decent place to stay- I was pleasantly surprised.  Incredibly affordable, in a very central location on the strip, quiet, comfortable- it's worth staying here if you just want simple, clean, and convenient.  Parking is decent, service is great, and we got a free room upgrade to a suite, which was a nice surprise.  There were both a stand alone shower and a hot tub with jets in our room, and a fold out couch in the living room area, as well as an extra sink and TV in the main room.  Comfortable beds, good temperature control, nice room setup, spacious. Their buffet is okay, but nothing to write home about.  Very convenient- nothing too fancy, but much nicer than expected!
4	We just got back from a vacation and had the best time this hotel is not super fancy but it is FUN and clean and right on the strip. we will be back.
3	When I was still in college and came to Vegas on our weekend get away trips, one of our friends usually played enough to get comps or hit a small jackpot on the poker machines for buy buffets or more extravagant meals for the crew.  So I have always had positive memories of visiting Harrah's.More recently though, that has changed some for the worst.  The casino itself is still fairly fun and filled with restaurants (Ruth's Chris Steak House is one of their best restaurants with a beautiful view) and entertainment that made visiting worthwhile.  But the parking with the major renovation/construction going on in adjacent areas (next door at The Quad and behind the casino), and the many dead ends and insufficient direction signs made the process of navigating to the property and sometimes leaving a frustrating chore.The Valets are nice enough, especially if you give them a $10 when you are in a rush.  A friend of mine did that and her car was left out front recently, so that made retrieving her car as we left the casino a super easy process.  Cash is still king, baby!!! But the Euros still trump the $USD, while the FOMC continues their hell bent plan of open-ended purchases $85 billion per month from the previous $40 billion/month limit, aka "QE4".This casino caters to the general population of vacationers, not the typical whales the five diamonds/five stars mega resorts are after.  Thus table games generally have lower limits, and seem to be more crowded.  So it is perfect for locals spending some time on the Strip, without the need to budget for a day or evening of potentially high costs of entertainment. Also, what is the point of having a security staff manning the employee parking entrance (which I accidentally entered trying to navigate myself to the self park lot) when he doesn't even bothered to look at the cars coming in. Save the money on payroll and put up better signs.Yeah, I'd be back in the future.
3	The hotel rooms were clean and the staff was decent at best.  However the construction chaos when u arrive or try to leave makes for an unpleasant experience.  It took me over 20 minutes to drive out an over 1hour to check in.
2	my family and stayed here last weekend. between the 4 of us we where all for the most part content with the hotel and casino. my room was never cool, i had the AC on full the entire weekend and it wasn't really that hot out either. the waitstaff on my floor knocked once and entered in about 5 seconds at 9:15am in the morning.. way too early for Vegas. the casino was pretty good and you could get drinks without waiting too long.all in all i have been to Vegas 4 times and this was my least favorite casino i have stayed at so that's the reason for 2 starts its not bad but there are def better out there.next year i am going to stay at the Quad (old imperial Palace) they are doing some upgrades and remodeling and looks like it will be good. i liked it when is was sh!tty old imperial palace a few years ago.-NO WIFI in the hotel even if you wanted to pay $18 a day for internet.-i had a pool view..its a square pool surrounded by 2 old wore out casinos. pretty sad from a Vegas standpoint.
4	Location is in the middle of the Strip. The hotel is not lavish. If you get a good rate, stay here. When we visited during April, hotel rates were high and Harrah's was the best deal. We upgraded to a 'Luxury" room with a Strip view. Based on other reviews, we asked for a higher floor. The room was large & clean. The decor was outdated. We were only in the room to sleep. We'd rather save money on the hotel and do some gambling, see shows and go to some good restaurants.
1	The only good thing about this hotel is the location. The rooms are nasty, no fridge and there is an extra charge to use the gym daily. Well as they always say,"You get what you pay for." This hotel is not worth the money unless you don't care about where you lay your head.
3	Harrah's has a nice location on the strip. The Casino is nice enough, but getting to be a little dated. There are quite a few places to eat, and the tram stops there as well which are big bonuses if trying to get around and not wanting to deal with the congestion outside. There is some good music outside at night as well. I do feel there are better choices on the strip, but there are definitely a lot worse as well.One bummer is they are now charging resort fees, which was one of the major draws for me staying.  Oh well.If you want a reasonable place to stay, this location works.
5	Had a GREAT experience this past weekend.  Went to check in at 10:30p on Friday night.  Waited no more than 10 minutes to get helped.  When checking in, the lady saw we were only staying one night there and mentioned that they were glad to have us...so glad that they would be upgrading us to the suite for free! The suite was AMAZING. I think it was the Deluxe Executive Suite.  Came with a separate bedroom and living room, wet bar entertainment area, jacuzzi bathtub, double sinks, and a dual head shower (coming from opposite sides of the wall).  All of this topped with a strip view, perfect for the Mirage Volcano show.  Everything was clean and stain free. We have stayed here before, in a normal room.  Just a piece of advice...the CARNIVAL TOWER is a lot better.  We got placed in the MARDI GRAS tower for our 5 night stay for Thanksgiving one time.  Didn't make it past the first night after being placed in a room that had the air con generators right outside our window, a running toilet, and a faucet that did not stop dripping.  We complained the next morning and they immediately switched us to the CARNIVAL TOWER without any trouble.  Overall, a GREAT one night stay.  PRIME location, right in the middle of the strip.  Amazing service as always.  Can't wait to stay here again.
1	Stayed here last weekend. My 10th time to Vegas and this is my least favorite Hotel. I will say the rooms were good for the price, but the rest of the Hotel is subpar. Especially the pool staff, including the lifeguards. Me and my gf were laying by the pool in chairs, bartender walks up and asks us to move our chairs because of spacing and as hes helping move our chairs over he spills my $7 COORS LIGHT. He doesnt offer to give me another one and was very rude. 10 min later Lifeguard comes by and tells us to move our chairs back to the original position...wtf? Lifeguard was rude as well, my GF almost ripped her a new one. Bartenders at pool look like they came straight out of jail with this thug mentality, I stood at bar for 10min with one person sitting at bar and bartender saw me but ignored me. I will say, Toby Keiths bar was pretty relaxed and service was excellent. But the atmopshere at Harrahs is angry to say the least. Alot of trash walking around if ya know what I mean. I do not reccomend this hotel, pay the extra 100 bucks and stay at New York New York, Luxor, etc....
2	Boy - whoever owns this place must do a nightly roll on a pile of money laughing at the little people who stay here. It's on the strip - that's way it's still open. The carpet is nasty. There were black streaks on the blanket (mascara?). The lights in the bathroom sounded like they were going to explode whenever we turned them on. The view? Ah...the HVAC system, so beautiful.They've got refrigerators available! For $30 extra dollars. The casino floor is ventilated poorly so it still looks/feels/smells like an old-timey Vegas casino. Which is okay, if you're into that. The Carnaval Court (outdoor bar somehow connected to Harrah's) was fun though! Loud music all the time and some very booze-y drinks. Being on the strip with these prices is a deal, but this place is a dive.
4	Is Harrah's the nicest hotel on the strip? Goodness no.Is it the worst? No, not by a long shot. Is it cheap? In comparison to a lot of the other hotels, yes. Is Harrah's in a good location? Yes. Hell yes! It's located directly across the street from The Forum Shops, which is where Max Brenner's is located. For that reason alone I'd stay at Harrah's again.At the end of the day, at least for me, the location of the hotel I'm staying at is what really matters to me. When I go to LV I spend almost all of my time outside of my room. In fact, all I use my room for is to shower and sleep. Because of this I don't need to stay anywhere fancy.Now don't get me wrong, if I was a baller I'd be staying at The Cosmo or Wynn, but I'm not. On our most recent trip to Vegas, we were in town for four days (Thur-Sun), during the middle of Spring break. For four days during that busy season most of the nicer hotels (Cosmo, Wynn) wanted to charge me a grand or more for those days. No thank you.Our mini suite (we got upgraded for free) featured a super comfy kind sized bed, a little balcony with a view of the pool, a mini fridge and a big bathroom that had a TV in it. Harrah's also had a really nice gym, which I used twice. We also got to check in at 11:45am instead of 3pm, which was cool. So yes, I am a fan of Harrah's. The rooms were nice, the service was great, the hotel is relatively cheap and it's located right in the middle of the Strip. Can't beat that.
3	Stayed here recently with my wife. The location in the middle of the strip and the reasonable rates were the draw.Worst experience at the hotel was immediately after checking in. We had only moved a few feet from the main desk when another employee called us over to an adjacent desk with our bags. She wanted to know how long we were staying. When I told her 5 days she offered to comp us a free show. OK. Then she asked us to join some other guests for a free breakfast. Uh oh. Then she notified us that "free" was actually $40, $20 of which we would get back after watching a video during breakfast and then we would get the tickets to our free show. Ugh. They're selling timeshares. Really Harrah's? We hadn't even gotten to our room yet after 4 hours on a plane.Our room was in the Carnival tower and it was certainly nice for the money. My wife took advantage of the spa for a pedicure and spent a couple of days by the pool. The location made walking anywhere on the strip easy.Be advised that a budget hotel means budget patrons. The casino floor looked no different from any Indian casino here in Wisconsin. Lots of overweight seniors on oxygen, riding scooters in serpentine patterns on the floor, dropping their social security money into the one armed bandits.The staff was friendly everywhere we went in the hotel. If you can manage your expectations and plan to spend little time in the hotel itself, this is a good place to stay.
2	Aside from long drive in from Los Angeles with my girlfriend, our trip started out very well. Upon our arrival at Harrah's, the Front Desk agent was very welcoming and accommodating, however, we were soon informed that the king bed room that we had originally booked had been oversold and was no longer available. Instead of offering some kind of compensation for the inconvenience, we were told that we could pay an upgrade fee for the same room we had already booked! She must have seen the expressions on our faces because she quickly made an attempt at a recovery by informing us that the pricey resort fees were being waived, along with any upgrade charges...We were very happy with our stay until check out, when we were told the exact opposite of what the front desk agent had promised us. Resort fees were indeed included, as well as upgrade fees. To make everything even worse, we had specifically asked that the credit card on file was only authorized, but not charged, as we wanted to split the bill on two cards at the end of our stay. She reassured us TWICE that she was doing just that. Obviously NOT...Frustrated, I asked to speak to a manger to try to resolve the issue. A man named Mark soon arrived and after informing him of the promises that the initial Front Desk Agent had made instead of responding with empathy, I was treated as though I had made the whole thing up as he let me know that "no Harrah's employee is trained to make those kinds of promises nor waive any such fees or upgrades." Found this hard to believe as I had always thought free upgrades were the norm in Vegas. To avoid any further confrontation and waste any more time, as it was clear Mark was going to be of no help, I simply agreed to pay the fees and move on. Aside from the issues with the front desk, we found the rest of our stay at Harrah's to actually be quite pleasant. Valet Parking and bellman assistance were both excellent. Room was clean, quiet and location was superb. However, We definitely will not be staying here again. Too many other great options along the strip where so many of the minor details will not be overlooked.
2	We walked around Harrah's while waiting for our reservation at the Toby Kieth Restaurant. I was wondering if the executives ever step foot in this property. Holy smokes is this place dirty.I mean everything from the parking garage, elevators, walls etc. This place is disgusting. I almost changed my mind about going to eat here. They should think about spending a little money and cleaning this place up. I didn't even want to sit down at the tables to gamble because they looked like plain filth. I would be happy to never return here again until they do a deep cleaning.
1	Stay Away!  We've been to Vegas several times...even stayed at Imperial Palace... this time decided to stay at Harrah's, since 1 room was comp'd. Horrible mistake! My husband & friend stayed in a Double Classic room ($54-comp'd) and my girlfriend & I chose a Luxury Strip room($72.50), for a view of the Strip. Coincidentally, our rooms were right across each other. Once we walked in, realized our "Luxury" room not only looked the same as a Double Classic which had a window 'facing" the strip but our only view was that of the HVAC units! (BTW, tried the $20 trick, didn't work there) We also paid for the mini-bar, but our so-called fridge was not cold, or cool but down right warm and all in it. I immediately called the front desk with my concerns, it took me 20mins and a handful of transfers before speaking to a manager and let me tell you, the voices on the other end of the phone were anything but pleasant, they could at least try to be courteous. I didn't relocate (no rooms) but was able to get the price down to a Double Classic, as it should of been to start. Fridge didn't work until the next day and got that comp'd too. You can't expect much from a low rate hotel but cleanliness should be on the list. You should be comfortable as you're getting ready to go out, and out of the hotel/casino is where you want to be..from stained walls in the room (updated Carnival tower), disgusting elevators/parking to a seedy casino floor (gambled elsewhere) I would not eat there. This hotel is in a decent location on the strip but not worth it and far from the glit/glam of Vegas... a low rate hotel attracts in low rate people.
2	Our room seems to be assigned to someone else. So 2 o'clock in the morning, someone opened the door with another key while I was sleeping. I was so scared that I thought someone wanted to break in. After clearing the misunderstanding, I thought I would get a good sleep. But I was naive, this was not over.  3 o'clock in the morning, someone called, 4 o'clock in the morning, the room service knocked the door for at least five minutes until we answered and she thought we ordered an extra bed. Half past seven in the morning, another lady knocked the door and she said we should be gone by then as we only stayed one day. Five minutes later,  a man called us and he was surprised that someone lived in that room. After he checked everything, he apologized for the mistake and extend our check-out time to 1pm. But when we returned room after breakfast around 9am, the room key just didn't work anymore.It took about half an hour for us to finally find the security officer to help us get in the room.
2	I will have to say that this Hotel is ok. You kind of get what you pay for when it comes to the quality. The rooms are small and the view is ok. The bathrooms are horrible though, you can't hardly see anything in them. I would have to say get better lighting over having a TV in the bathroom. Yea it's cool, but really I would like to see my makeup I'm putting on more. The hot water also did not stay hot for that long either after about 10mins it already started to get cold.  The Casino is well kept though and the lobby is very clean. I didn't eat at any of the restaurants, because honestly I thought that there were much better places to go. I will have to say it really didn't smell as smokey as I remember it from before. The parking is also free and very easy to get to. Plus it's super close to the hotel so it makes it an easy travel if you have to go back and forth. The location is also great to, it's pretty much in the center of the strip, which is nice when you are walking around. Over all I probably won't choose to stay here on my own. The only reason why I went here was someone else was paying for it.
2	This review is for the casino only. Yuck. As another reviewer said, this place is dirty. The machines had greasy fingerprints, the chairs had stains and cigarette burns. The ceilings were very low too so the smoke seemed to just linger. OK, do casinos attract the greatest of folks? No, but the crowd at Harrah's seemed extra scary. The next time I'm in LV, I'll be skipping this place.
2	We went this past memorial weekend for my boyfriend's birthday. We both have rewards membership cards with the Harrah's so we were able to get a very decent rate for the holiday weekend. Upon check-in, we went to the rewards members line where 3 front desk agents sat around talking while the other 2 were busy with guests. After several minutes of trying to make eye-contact with these people we were finally helped. I've worked front desk at a hotel before and customer service was the most important factor stressed by my boss-- apparently, that is not the case here. The lady who checked us in didn't even make eye contact with me, let alone smile or welcome us to the hotel. The day we checked in was my boyfriend's actual birthday, she didn't even acknowledge him about it whatsoever (his name and bday is on the reservation and she checked his ID!). She offered to upgrade our room to a pool view for an extra fee. After suggesting a free upgrade for his birthday, I was rudely shot down. We paid the extra $15/night to get a crappy view of the pool (yay). We got up to our room to find that it was not the room we booked! 2 queen beds instead of one king! Went all the way back downstairs to change the room, all the way back up the 15 floors to find the keys to the new room didn't work and had to go back down again!!! This lady did not even apologize for the inconvenience of walking all around this hotel, up and down, after a measly upgrade? Don't even try to call the front desk because they don't answer the phone either. So that's my experience with the front desk-- then we had to deal with the bellman, luggage service, and car directing people outside. We are EXCELLENT tippers and believe a great service deserves a great tip, well, the people working for the Harrah's are just plain RUDE! Regardless of the rewards membership, we will definitely not be staying at the Harrah's Las Vegas again.
4	I may be giving Harrah's an unduly high rating because, quite frankly, it exceeded the expectations I'd set for my stay there last week. It was my second stay, the last being in 2010, and while I remembered that one fondly, I was a little wary based on the recent Yelp reviews.I had booked a room at a ridiculously low rate of $35 and thus when the front desk clerk offered a $15/nt room upgrade, it was an easy decision to take it. The upgraded room (I believe it was the "Luxury" room) had a sliding glass door that opened onto a small balcony facing the Mirage volcano. But more to the point, IT HAD A COFFEEMAKER. This is big, y'all. I drink a *lot* of coffee, so that pretty much saved me $15/day right there.Overall, we had no complaints about Harrah's: The room was clean, the location was incredibly convenient, and the price was right. Sign up for the Total Rewards newsletter and you'll get frequent "Friends and Family" rates that are well under $50 on the weekdays.
1	We have had a bad experience since day one at this hotel. On our first day the air conditioner stopped working with temperatures ar 102 F. I suffer from chronic migraine and that triggered my migraine immediately. On the second day we realized that the walls are not sound proof. We could hear our loud neighbors. The same day there was a loud grinding noise coming from the ceiling. It sounded like someone was trying to unclog a drain from up stairs with the electric snake. In the third day all air conditioners were not working, the dining room light switch was broken which caused us to eat in the dark. The room sensors for the ac also had a hard time detecting movement to turn on. We found myself having to walk up to the sensor every five minutes so that it turned on. I paid full price for full services. Instead I got a service that even the worst motel would never give. Look for another hotel on the strip that has better services. Buyers beware you have been warned.
4	You cannot beat the convenience of being right on the strip for this price.  We upgraded our room to a deluxe in the Mardis Gras tower and the room was nice and clean.  We had a good view of the pool too which made for some great people watching. The pool, though small was nice.The casino was good as well.  Definitely some of the friendliest dealers I have played with and good for socializing if you're a novice gambler like me.  I would have no problem coming back here for the price and convenience of being 5-15 minutes walking distance from most clubs/casinos.
4	This place is cool. Not the fanciest hotel out there, but they have everything you need. The Carnival Court is just outside the casino, then there's the Toby Keith and the Piano Bar. We never go anywhere else when it comes to Vegas, this is the place to be. The only bad thing is that there is only one pool and no Jacuzzi. It's weird having kids around when you're trying to have some adult fun.
3	Staff was amazing from beginning to end. We stayed in the premium king room with a view of the strip. Great view to watch the volcano at TI. The rooms were clean and the bed was comfy. It still has the stench of smoke, but what older hotel doesn't have that?There isn't an exhaust fan in the bathroom so the room took longer to clear out from hot showers. The only complaint I had was that the 17th floor ice machine room was flooded the entire time we were there making it very dangerous getting ice. Other than that, it was a good time for what we paid.
3	The place is decent. We got a mini suite and its not that bad. Cons- no free WiFiNo fan in the restroom. After a hot shower its muggy in the restroom.swimming pool area not big enough. Other than that it was all good. =)
1	Apologies, this review is quite long, but I wish somebody had provided me with this information prior to booking so...you're welcome.  I'll summarize for those like me with short attention spans: I suggest you stay elsewhere. Pro: Location. Cons: Pool, staff, amenities, rooms...*le' sigh*, let's just save time and say the cons consist of EVERYTHING else. I stayed at Harrah's with a friend for my first time in Vegas. I chose this hotel primarily for its location, since it's around the middle of the strip. The location didn't disappoint. Right across the street from Treasure Island and Mirage and a few steps from The Venetian and a Walgreens for those random needs, the hotel is in a great spot. On to the cons: The pool is about 1/3 the size it appears in the photos, and it fills up quickly with overweight drunken men such that the swimming experience becomes absolutely nauseating. That being said, the pool isn't large enough to swim (in any legitimate definition of the word) in the first place. The guest crowd consisted largely of the obese and elderly. No offense intended, as everyone should get the chance to enjoy Vegas, however it should be noted that the crowd defines the vibe of the hotel. 'Nuff said. The rooms sport terrible lighting and there is no free wi-fi. I temporarily forgot what century I was in until I walked outside onto the strip. This hotel also has no usable amenities. There are no shuttles to anything, no coupon or discount booklets, no specials, no free play offers at the casino, and no notable shows or complimentary forms of entertainment. I mention these things in particular because nearly every other hotel on the strip offers them. Harrah's needs to step it up. On to the rooms (yes, I said roomS, because we went through a total of three during our stay, two of which were defective, the third of which was mildly functional so we settled out of pure exhaustion and defeat): Room One: hair dryer shorted out and all of the lights randomly flicked out never to return (midway through our hair and makeup. I'm sure we were quite a sight to see running to the front desk to resolve this issue). Upon calling guest services to resolve this issue I was told that they would "try and see if a technician could come". Try? Hmph. Upon requesting a time estimate I was told, "I'm sorry, I don't have no time for you Ms.____". 1) rude. 2) please teach your staff proper grammar, if nothing else. We then went to the front desk (which typically has a 45-90 minute wait, so plan accordingly. And no, other hotels on the strip do not offer such a pleasant experience in line just to check-in/resolve issues. *sarcasm*). The front desk attendant was polite, and accommodated my request to switch rooms since technicians appear nonexistent in this establishment. Room Two: somewhat functional lighting, and the hair dryer appeared intact, however there was a gaping space on the wall where a full-length mirror should have been hanging. Not only was it gross, with nails jutting out, but its absence would also make the lives of two females very, very difficult in the days to come. Forgive the mild vanity, but a mirror is quite necessary. Irate, we proceeded back to the front desk and requested a manager. This gentleman was very accommodating and polite. I requested an upgraded room for the trouble and he claimed to have found us one. Upon entering said room I am confident that our definitions of "upgrade" differ significantly. The room was smaller than either of the other two, but at least it had functional lights, mirrors, and a hair dryer, so we settled in utter defeat. All-in-all, Vegas was great, Harrah's was not. Save yourself some trouble and take your business elsewhere.
3	Decent rooms.  Comfortable beds.  Monorail stop inside the hotel was a definite plus.  Seems like the clean staff likes to park their carts near the rooms that have the "Do not disturb" signs on their doors (i.e. mine) and proceed to bang their supplies and talk super loud...which is not cool when you're trying to sleep off the night before.  Also the walls must be pretty thin if I could hear nearby toilets flush.  Allegedly, there is free wi-fi included in whatever miscellaneous fee they tack onto the bill, however not once was I able to tap into it with my tablet nor my phone.  Also the room seemed to be pretty dusty as both myself and my sister left with agitated allergies and unhappy sinuses.  Plus a fart-fan in the bathroom would have been nice... no bueno.  But for the price, it's exactly what I thought it would be, thus the 3-star rating.
3	2nd time staying at Harrah's and it is what it is. Small pool, older rooms but cheap and a good location.
3	I have stayed at Harrah's twice now in the past 5 years.  After reading thru some of the other reviews on here I feel like I have to give it the review the hotel deserves. This is going to be long winded!This is NOT the Wynn.... this is NOT the Venetian.... this is NOT a five star hotel.  If you didn't realize that before booking it maybe you should skip your vacation.  But if you are looking for clean rooms, friendly staff and prime location this is your place. They also do not offer free wifi - but if you're lucky you can pick up on the Venetian's.This hotel is in a prime spot on the strip - right in the middle!  That is why you stay here.  You also stay here because you can get crazy good rates on the room nights and not waste all your fun/play money on the hotel that you only spend time in to sleep!The pool is the type of pool you would see in a regular hotel that is not a resort or destination.  It is not a jumbo or luxury pool that most of the other hotels offer.  They don't make any indication that you would get that type of pool either.  It was too hot for us to sit by the pool while we were here but we did take a look - and it was just what we expected an average run of the mill hotel pool.The first time we stayed we were in one of the towers that was right next to a large parking garage - you could hear everything outside the windows.  The second time we stayed in the renovated tower and could not hear one sound from the outside. Both times we upgraded our room for about $15 a night - that is a really good deal.  We landed around 11:30 and planned to drop our bags and do some sightseeing before getting into our room - there was no line at the reception desk and the wonderful woman was able to get us a room that we could get right in to that also included a mini fridge (these do not come with the room and unless you need it for medicine there is a small nightly fee).  The rooms were always clean.  They did have trouble with their AC the second night we were there but fixed it as soon as they could.The casino/main floor is always kept clean and the staff were always friendly.They have the carnival court right outside that is a really fun way to end the night with some really entertaining bartenders.They offer a shuttle service to any of the other Harrah's affiliated properties for free.  They also have a shuttle that will take you to the airport for $7 a piece - beats a $20 taxi ride!
4	I stayed in the Mardi Gras Tower.  The room was good for the price.  Service was good.  I wanted to check in at 10am.  I was told that it would cost $25.  Asked if there were other options.  I was told that if I took the upgraded room for $15/night that they would waive the $25.  I only stayed 2 nights, so for $5 difference + tax I took the deal.  My biggest complaint is that I was on the 4th floor facing the pool.  What's bad about that? Balcony is too small and you hear bass from the outdoor speakers over everything.
4	The Good:Pretty much everything from start to finish was a great experience. Our flight came in early and they let us do early check in as long as we signed up for the free players club card which was little to no hassle. The rooms were large, the beds plush. The entire staff was incredibly friendly. Everyone we came in contact with greeted us with a smile and a hello. The location of the hotel is amazing and it's price cannot be beaten. It has it's own attached outdoor club that allows you to go out and drink without having to pay a pricey cab fair. Great ambiance, great experience.The Bad:The hotel doesn't allow a late check out. It can also be slightly hard to find your first time driving there. The driveway is slightly hidden and slopes down under the street.The Ugly:A decent amount of the other hotel guests who had consumed their weight in alcohol were not so appealing to the eye but I guess you can't blame the hotel for that. :)
1	I got in this morning at 12:30am.  I finally got to my room a little after 4am.  I was in the check-in line the whole time.  It's ridiculous to think that despite it being a holiday weekend they would only have two people checking guests in.  The line wasn't long by Vegas standards, but with only two people checking guests in, it turned what should have been an understandable 1 hour wait to a 3.5 hour wait.  When I finally got into the room, the internet wasn't working which we were told was included in our resort fee.  The safe also wasn't working.  I asked for an engineer to come by to fix it, and after half an hour he still hadn't showed up.  I eventually called and cancelled because I had been up for 24 hours along with a 4 hour drive.  I was so frustrated with this Hotel and Casino.  My friends stayed at The Quad, and they were so much more organized and were able to check in less than half an hour.  I'm open to staying at one of the Harrah's hotels still, but this specific one ruined my first impression and they won't be getting a second chance.
2	It was ok. Wifi didn't work and air conditioning wasn't all that great. Everything else was just ok.
4	We were just here for our anniversary and had a great experience. First off make sure you sign up for their Rewards Club. We have been members for years so our room was comped. We do very little gambling but get these free room offers all the time so make sure you sign up. When we checked in we told the girl it was our anniversary and she upgraded our room to a deluxe room with a view of the strip for free.  Also they didn't charge us the resort fee which is $18/day. The service was excellent, especially liked the girl we had that cleaned our room. Very friendly and helpful. Bed was super comfortable and all room amenities were trouble free. We didn't eat here or go to one of their shows. We usually stay here because of its location on the center of the strip. Overall very enjoyable. We'll definitely be back. One thing to note there is a lot of construction next door at the Quad. So be prepared for a little difficulty getting into the back parking.
3	Excellent casino floor, but the rooms are haggard. We had a handicap room and the shower was abysmal. The water pressure was awful. I like that there are TWO Starbucks in this hotel, though. The pool is decent but basic. Finding the parking entrance is a pain in the ass.
4	The font desk here is AMAZING. Diana, Olivia, Gloria, Irizarry and Mark. Yes, I know them all by name. We only go a few times a year, but they always remember us and always take great care of us.
3	Stayed here 3 nights. Waited 30min to check in. Requested to be near our group. Was given a room in opposite tower. Had to get back in line to get it changed, per the rude lady at counter who ushered us to another desk. Paid for premium room with view of the strip. Was given a basic room with view of a parking garage. Had some unidentified nastiness on the wall. Outdated decor. Can hear neighbors and people in the hall. Casino population is a lot of older folks.Pros: Toby Keith's bar is awesome. Great atmosphere and music. Had $15 all u can drink for ladies on night we were there. Great location on strip, near McD's, Denny's, chipotle, mall at Ceaser's. We would not stay here again but I would stay somewhere near here as it was a good location along strip.
1	I hope the chips were good, Mr. Manager. I hope they were delicious. Because I certainly left with a bitter taste in my mouth. It was 1:30am. Our flight had been delayed over 8 hrs due to the truly freak monsoon that ravaged the city this past weekend. As a result, every flight that had been trying to get into Vegas arrived within a 30 minute window. Now, most hotels would have logically prepared for the onslaught of checkins. They would have called in extra staff or ensured all capable of checking in guests were ready and waiting at the front desk. I'm sure many other hotels DID abide by this industry must. Did Harrahs? No. It took an appalling hour and fifteen minutes to check in a line of 20 people with 3 agents on deck. The icing on the cake was when we finally made it to the counter and I noticed 2 suit-clad folks having a snacky snack and chatting it up in the back office.... with the door wide open. Now, I'm assuming that if you're in a suit and you're hangin out by the front desk, you're a manager. In which case you should be out at the counter helping you're terribly overwhelmed agents. If I am wrong in that assumption, the door should have been closed to the office. Because the angry mob of guests and I staring down the line only saw 2 people with authority essentially ignoring the massive problem that was the excruciating snail's pace of a checkin. 15 minutes? Normal. 30 minutes? Agitated. 45 minutes? Borderline ridiculous.1 hour? Unacceptable. 1hr 15 minutes...????No one in that line will be staying at Harrah's again.
1	Just got back today from a stay at Harrah's.  Can I tell you how totally disappointed I was in my stay?  When I called to make the reservation the girl said there would be no room to park our rv.  We had to park it in the back of Bally's and with the construction we had to walk almost a mile in the 106 degree temp carrying suit cases.  She also said there would be an $18 fee for the resort which included wi fi.  I made the reservation.  Got to the hotel, checked in, looked out our window and saw there was most definitely room for our rv!!!!  We could have parked it in the remote parking lot.  Next, tried to get the wi fi. Called the front desk, they shifted me to India to find out why I could not get the wi if.  Spoke with the guy from India and he said, my room did not have wi fi.  Went down to talk to manager to get my room changed and he said there is no wi fi at that hotel!!!!  Really, then why did I pay the $20 (girl said it would be $18) to pay for it???  The manager was a tall man, bald and was not sympathetic at all.  I asked him for a $20 credit toward a restaurant at the hotel and he in no uncertain terms said NO WAY!!!!  Needless to say, we will never be staying at your hotel again...social media will find out about...plus to top it off..we are Total Reward members!!!!!
3	For a cheap hotel located in the CENTER of the strip, this is excellent. It's way better than what used to be Imperial Palace (now The Quad), which is located right next to it. Rooms are standard and spacious. Be aware though, they don't really clean the rooms thoroughly - the cabinets in our room were sticky when we came in. Yuck. Anyways, room service is friendly and were always speedy when we asked for more towels. The hotel itself did not smell like smoke which was a plus. We stayed in Carnaval tower so I can't be the judge for anywhere else. You're able to check out from the TV which is an interesting feature. I don't stay in hotels often so sorry if this is old news. It wasn't working in our room though. Parking here isn't that great. It's actually kind of hard to find! Located in the back!
4	This review is only for the outdoor dance club and piano bar.  The outdoor is a regular spot for us, and there is a diverse crowd.  The bartenders are attentive, and the security staff is observant.  The house band on Sunday night was amazing.  In regards to the piano bar, it is always fun.  As many of you know, tips get your favorite songs played faster.  The piano players were fun, and they knew ever song that was requested.  The only negative is the price for drinks.  For example, a domestic beer is $8.50.  My tip is sit at one of the machines for a minute, order a drink for free, and then go into the bar.
3	We are Harrahs fans as we go to Atlantic City 4 or 5 times a year so we booked Harrahs in Vegas. We did get comp rooms so we can complain really. Staff over all were quite friendly, Sue & Jenny Pow Gai Poker dealers were nice and helpful as we had never played before. Jon on the Craps is a very friendly guy and has great customer service skills. As to the hotel it is older but has a great spot on the strip however it needs a face lift, the room are clean but small and cramped and the low ceilings don't help either. They say they have free wifi for one computer per room but that is only on certain floor and if your not on that floor I is a hard wire connection, with the construction of the hotel I had a hard time getting a signal with my own service. We will return to Harrahs in AC and may go back to the Vegas one also but not to stay we will stay some where else on out next trip.
3	Have never stayed the night here.  Have played in their casino and eaten at some of their food places though.  Cannot recommend any of the places there to eat.  Especially do not eat at Ming's Table.  Without going into specifics, I'll just say that they do not serve good food there.The casino on the other hand is quite nice.  That's why I've still got to give the place 3 stars.  It is actually one of the few casinos on the Strip where I've actually finished ahead!  Woo hoo!  Not that I'm much of a gambler, but it is still nice to win!  The ventilation in the casino area could use some improving though.  I like the location of Harrah's.  It's in the heart of the Strip right by the Venetian.  In conclusion, play at their casino...just do not eat there.
4	I really enjoyed my stay at Harrah's! Its not one of the most recently updated hotels, but there is a lot to do there. The best part is the location. It is a very short walk from the Venetian, Margaritaville, and Caesar's Palace. I would definitely stay here again. A great bang for your buck!
1	I had a bad experience with customer service when I checked into Harrahs Las Vegas on July 30th, 2013. We checked in around 11pm. An older Asian woman helped us at the desk. This was our honeymoon, and we asked if there were any available (free) upgrades. The front desk woman quoted us an upgraded room that was out of our price range, as we would be in Vegas 2 weeks (week1 @ harrahs, and week 2 @ Planet H), and wanted to reserve money for gambling, shows, etc. When I declined the upgrade, the front desk clerk became very rude and inappropriate with me. She asked where we had been married, and when I said New York, she said "Oh New York? Weddings must cost alot of money there". "New York is very expensive". I let that one go, as I didn't feel that I had to explain to this stranger how I paid for my wedding, and how I did alot of things for it myself to keep the costs down. Then when the clerk asks for my ID she comments on my Coach wallet. "Oh I love your wallet. Coach is very expensive". "You must have spent alot for that". At this point I told her it was a Christmas present and I got annoyed. The clerk was insinuating the whole time that I had alot of money, and yet would not throw it all into a hotel room for an upgrade when I had planned so much time in Vegas. This made me feel very uncomfortable, and I would have changed hotels if there were any other properties with availibility that night. I was tired, it was late at night, and I wanted to rest after my long flight. A simple congrats for my wedding and giving me the key to my room would have been sufficient. Another issue once in the room at Harrahs was the AC. Apparently they neglect to clean their filters, and the whole time we were in there, we were sneezing, and had trouble breathing. Once we went outside or to another hotel, we were fine. DO NOT get the buffet. We did that for breakfast, as we were there anyway, and I was SICK, SICK, SICK for a whole day. 1 whole day in Vegas, wasted in my hotel room from being food sick. NOT GOOD. I come to Vegas every year and I had enjoyed prior stays at several Caesars properties, however this experience really turned me off. I really have to think about where I will spend my next trip in Vegas.
4	I had fun playing the penny and quarter slots here. I am not a big gambler but I did very well here which made me happy :)The staff is also very friendly and helpful and the drink servers were timeless and niceShall return and win some dough
4	Slots a plenty! I would give another star if they still had the Star Trek penny slot machine but since it's now gone I have to call it what it is. Still, there is a ton of gambling to be done here so get on with it!I have never stayed in the rooms but from what I know about other Harrah's locations they are all pretty solid. Plus, the location of this joint is great - center strip and easy access to all the fun sights and sounds Vegas has to offer.When it comes to gambling I'm definitely a slot kinda guy. They have so many here it's hard to decide which game to play. But, some of the fun interactive ones are great - LIFE, Star Wars, Gone Fishin', Dolly Parton even has her own machine so you gotta play that one.I also found that the cocktail serves are really on top of getting those drinks out to people who are gambling. Unlike other casinos where you have to snare a waitress with a net Harrah's will keep keep you well lubricated.It seems that every time I'm in Vegas we have to make a stop at Harrah's. It's got a great theme - Mardi Gras so laissez les bon temps rouler!
3	Great location.  Easy walking distance to many casinos and restaurants.
1	Worst hotel you can stay at In Las Vegas, service sucks house keep and or engineering take a whole day to show up. Rooms are old as well as old nasty carpet. Don't do it!! And the over charged us on after check out. Charged my girlfriends credit card extra 60$ and mine had the same charge when I called for the money they denied everything. Good luck if you stay there.. Don't do it word of advise.
3	Harrah's is close to the bottom of the barrel as far as strip casinos go.  If you want to play $10 blackjack hands throughout the entire day, and night, this place is right for you.  Harrah's needs some renovations, but at the same time, the atmosphere boasts authenticity of how Vegas once was.  The smell of thick smoke lingers in the air however, making one's eyes dry out fast.  It is located in a good location, semi-close to the middle of the strip.  Although I have never stayed at one of their rooms, I have visited friends.  The room looked very cozy, but very oddly slanted, and particularly small.
3	To me, this place felt like a Holiday Inn with a casino. Not exactly the best experience here.I came here because I had a free room from Caesars. We got a complimentary upgrade to a Strip-view room, presumably because the woman at the concierge desk was from Akron and went to school with my dad.First, I shall review the casino: It is big. Lots of dining and drinking options. Also lots of reasonably cheap tables during peak hours, as well as pitiful 6-5 blackjack. Drinks here were weak, but drink service was quick. I had roughly 10 rum and cokes in an hour, and I still couldn't get drunk.They have a Toby Keith's I Love This Bar, which I'm a fan of (and I hate country music). They even sell collectible boot mugs for $10, but they ran out. Boooooo.Now, I get to review the hotel. The rooms were neither clean nor dirty. Room service seemed non-existent, though. The rooms were pretty average. Not too big. Plus the view left a lot to be desired, maybe because of the giant facade directly in front of us. But still, we got a free upgrade, so I am very satisfied with the customer service.If you're on a budget looking for a cheap place to stay, Harrah's will suffice.
2	Front desk agent was nice. Told me my room as recently renovated. Either that's not true or they upgraded with cheap material. The hair dryer is connected to the wall, first indication of a cheap hotel. There was mold in the shower. Room just looks cheap. Agent charged my card at check in for resort fee but didn't authorize it for incidentals. Went to the pool bar to charge drinks to the room, but they couldn't post the charge because the card wasn't authorized. Called the front desk and they wanted me to come down to show my id to authorize the card more. That doesn't make sense at all....Had Mold in the shower. Carpets in the hallways were completely dirty and stained. Evidence of no floor care plan. On the upside, the blackjack dealers were great. But even for a free room, i wouldn't return. And lastly, NO WIFI. Only old school cable internet.
3	I only stayed here one night on my way into town. It was a last minute decision and we booked online for a super good deal. I arrived around 3 am and it took a long time to check in! I was surprised considering only 1 person was ahead of me in line... why the long check in? Even though we were only staying one night and it was super late they still made me pay the 18 dollar plus tax resort fee. So an extra 20 dollars for mediocre ammenties... not worth it to me. He upgraded us to an excutive suite as a consolitation even though we didn't ask for anything. I appreciated the gesture. As we were walking up to our room we noticed these orange cones set up, we were carrying heavy duffle bags and one accidently was knocked over, we were literally shouted at by a hotel employee to "PICK IT UP." I was startled by their attitude and my lack of sleep.The room itself was average. The bathrooms were tiny and so was the room. Only one mirror in the entire room in the bathroom of course! If this was an upgrade I wondered what my original room would have been! But the beds were definitely comfortable! I was just there to sleep so this made the night peaceful. I think the location on the strip is perfect. If you want to use the food court its not inside the hotel...you have to walk outside adjacent directly to Harrahs. It took us awhile to find it.
1	I will never stay at this resort again!!  Here is the scenario;  It is a cloudy day but the sun is trying to come out.  The lifeguard comes over and says due to weather not being so good and staffing issues, they are closing the pool....My response, "Are you kidding me?!" She goes on to say that I can follow her over to the other hotel that we are welcome to use.  I complained at the front desk to Paul Castillo who is the hotel manager.  "Paul" first states that it is ridiculous the staff would close the pool and he would find out why.  "Paul" later states that "every hotel on the strip has closed their pool due to weather.  Liar liar Paul !  I went to the pool "his" lifeguard told me to go to and it was open and in fact had NEVER closed.  I then called the Paris, Cesar's, Hard Rock and they all thought i was crazy when I asked if their pool was open.  Not to reassuring when you have a hotel manager that flat out lies to your face and says he has spoken to other hotels and they are closed, only to find out they were never closed and he lied.  I would not be as upset if Paul Castillo told the truth and said it was due to just staffing, but to lie and say it was due to weather.....horrible.  Think again before staying at Harrah's.  if they will lie about a simple pool issue who knows what else they will do.
5	From reading the reviews I thought this place was a dump. Than I pull up to valet and thought oooo crap.... they were right. Valet is a little weird it takes you around and than smells pretty bad. But the hotel was very nice. Rooms were clean and they fix my bed everyday. The casino is a little old and there is not that party atmosphere but you on vegas just go next  door. Location! Location! Location! Location!P.S- All you platinum member for total rewards.. You WILL be treated like a celebrity here and at the QUAD. When we went to valet at caesars we get treated like peasants! Pull up to a buffet line and guess what my own special entrance No wait.. No lines.... We to hash house in Quad with one hour and half wait..... OOO Platinum member your next....no wait..... Its worth it
3	Good value and location.  Got comped with a "petite suite" and have to tell you that it's nowhere near what they showed in the pictures.  The description also shows "strip view".... it's not really what you would call a view.  Maybe I got a chance to see another casino, the Venetian but that's about it.Couldn't give it 4 stars because of those pesky resort fees.  What a rip-off.
1	This place is an absolute joke.With a million other casino options on the Strip DO NOT waste your time, energy and most importantly MONEY in this hole.Sat down with my boyfriend and a friend at the electronic Roulette table.  The "dealer" came around to collect our buy-ins and went back to type them into her computer.  We played a couple rounds and another girl came to switch out the dealer.  It was ALL down hill from there.First she mistakenly added another person's buy in to our tab.  We were fine with this error and realized she needed to adjust it...but in order to do so she cancelled all of the bets we had made for that round... meaning we did not get any of the money that we had rightfully won.She called for help 3 or 4 times in a matter of minutes because she had NO IDEA what she was doing and finally a floor manager named Vince/Vincent came to her rescue.Unfortunately, he was worse than her.  He did not understand the situation and acted as though we were getting upset because she had made the mistake of adding more money.  NO we were actually upset because she had made multiple errors in a matter of minutes and had wrongfully canceled our bets when we would have won money.  He accused my boyfriend of cussing at him (which he did not), and tried to make the situation better by saying "Well, everyone makes mistakes".  Harrah's does not train their employees...if she was still learning the process she should have had a manager or someone who knew what they were doing by her side the entire time.Spoke to the manager who told us he would follow up with Vince but unfortunately, Vince's awful customer service, rude accusations, and poor staff training will mean that me and my friends will NEVER return to this establishment.  I advise that you avoid this place at all costs.
4	This hotel is definitely a value property- if you're expecting the Bellagio, don't stay here.  I was here with a friend 9/27/13 to 9/27/13, Friday through Sunday night.  We paid $430 for the room, including tax and the $18/day resort fee that seems to be so unpopular.  The room was a standard with two queen beds.  It was neither large nor small.  We didn't have any problems whatsover with the cleanliness of the room or with the functionality of any of the appliances or with the staff.  Given the great central location and affordability, I would absolutely stay here again.A few points that they don't seem to advertise:  There is a free shuttle that runs between Harrah's and the Rio every 30 minutes.  There also is an airport shuttle for $7.  Our cab ride in was about $30 so the $7 is a bargain.  I don't know if there is a shuttle that runs for airport arrivals, but the airport departure shuttle runs 24/7.
2	WHY WAS **EVERYTHING** BROKEN??I give them an extra star just because the people at the check-in desk were super helpful while I pseudo-checked in early for 2 rooms that weren't even booked under my name (I arrived in Vegas the night before the birthday girl did and the rooms were under her name). They even went so far as to make sure that the 2 rooms were right next to each other. I value great customer service when I see it.HOWEVER.The tubs in both rooms backed up. We don't know why; not one of us in our group touched the shower/bathtub the one night we were staying there. However, the next morning, there was standing water in both of the bathtubs (and some weird, black powdery gunk as well in our case). We couldn't check out on the TV (this is more an appeal to my laziness than anything else), and for some reason, any call dialed down to the concierge/front desk never went through. All we ever got was a busy tone.And as an added peeve, the bathroom light isn't very great. So putting on our club makeup was difficult because accuracy in color and such was hard to figure out.At least our beds were comfy.
1	Update....I would also not use their on-line deals.  They give you one price but do not explain all the hidden charges once you check in....resort fees/taxes on buffet/etc.  What a complete joke.  Pay a little more money and go somewhere that is not going to lie and be deceitful toward their guests.
3	As others have said, the problems with this hotel are evident as soon as you step in, yet it remains a decent value. My room was fairly comfortable with two queen beds and strong AC, but the faucet on the bathtub drips quite a lot of water and hotel employees do not seem to care at all. The pool area is also pretty weak, with no hot tub available and no sun during the fall months. You can go to other pools in the area, but the nearest pool at Quad requires a hotel key card for entry. There aren't many good restaurants near Harrah's, as this area generally seems to cater to bargain shoppers. The burger restaurant KGB isn't bad, and I would recommend that if you're trying to eat near the hotel. They had a Groupon while I was in Vegas, so check for that if you're interested.On the up side, the location is good and you really shouldn't be spending much time in your hotel room anyway. Most of the benefits of the more expensive hotels are available simply by walking over to them, so why pay the higher price just for a room there.
1	Will never stay at Harrah's again, started with huge line to check in, and only front desk people working, with many open stations. Paid for internet service which went down 10 hours after check in and never came back.Location was good, but certainly not worth staying at
1	There are far better hotels than this in Las Vegas.  This hotel is truly showing it's age and the comfort level is at the very low end.The bed we had was so sloped that we tried flipping the mattress but the other side was worse.The floors and carpeting are dirty, wear your shoes at all times, including in your room.The management team and employees have a serious problem of indifference.  Our room was not cleaned 3 out of 5 days and they would not correct the problem.  The rooms all smell bad, as they have no controls on smoking in non-smoking rooms.Expect them to try to give you a room you do not want and then try to make you pay to upgrade.  They do this every time regardless of what your reservation says.They still have the same shows and never update things at all.  They really need to improve the entertainment.Stay away and have a better experience in Las Vegas.
1	ghetto! how so.  well let me explain.  First of all the rooms are very outdated.  even the new rooms which they claim are remolded look old.  The hotel has not internet.  No i didnt mean no wifi, i mean no INTERNET! People this is 2013 what are you thinking off?The casino itself is decent. The outside bar called carnival bar is awesome.  Good spot to chill and also get wild.  Its right in the middle of the strip and its owned by ceasers so thats the only plus's on this hotel.  Aside from that not worth staying there unless they comp you a room.
3	Stayed at Harrah's for the first time and the only good thing about it was the location.I got a very cheap rate from the totalrewards site and so not complaining.I would rather warn users that unless you get a cheap rate...I would not advice this one.It is the same as staying in Day's Inn without the free internet and wifi and without the refrigerator and microwave.The other room my friends were in didn't even have a bath Tub. :(The noise from outside could also be heard faintly so if you are sensitive to noise while sleeping, you may want to reconsider.
4	4 stars because I learned to play at this casino! Definitely an older crowd here (grandma and grandpa type). The place is very very dated but if your looking for cheap tables and ode to the old Vegas style poker room...this is the place.
2	My family and I have stayed at Harrah's for decades. The one in South Lake Tahoe is way better, our experiences there led us to stay at the Las Vegas location--big mistake. We had three rooms, two in the Mardi Gras tower and 1 upgraded suite in the Carnaval tower. The Carnaval suite was great, clean and well equipped. The two Mardi Gras rooms sucked. Hairs in bathroom, shower water control problems, clogged sink drain, no refrigerators (the mini bar was empty and unplugged, I guess you have to pay more to have the fridge stocked....with things they charge you for consuming...weird. Biggest problem was we paid nearly $20/day for internet connection (as part of a 'resort fee'). The internet did not work at all. After nearly 2 hours of speaking with technical support (Pakistan), speaking with half a dozen front desk clerks and spending way too much of my own time I got an honest answer from a hotel associate. Everybody from front desk managers, concierges and desk clerks had no problem stringing me along telling me something must be wrong with my computer settings. Ends up the internet was knowingly down for days. There was nothing that could have been done to make it work. That is just mean.Will never stay at a Harrah's or affiliated casino/resort again. After two nights checked out and went to a Hilton. Way better.
1	There are too many good,  competitively priced hotels to choose this one!We booked in MARCH for a November arrival since we needed specific room accommodations (for a handicapped guest's situation). Not only was our request denied upon arrival, it was done in a terribly rude manner. In fact, not only were there NO "handicapped" accommodations available, we were not even placed on the same floor!Stay away if you have moderate standard requirements.
2	The hotel is conveniently located on the strip. However, the rooms are dated and the standard rooms does not include wifi, paid or otherwise, nor any premium channels like HBO. In fact, if you wanted wifi, I was told to go to the nearest McDonalds or upgrade to a suite. The resort fee only covers a wired internet connection. Seriously?!!! I think it sums up how old and backwards the hotel is. On a good note, the room is clean and the beds were comfortable. You get what you pay for, especially in Vegas.
2	I stayed at the Harrah's last December for two nights. The location is good on the middle of the strip but the room left much to be desired. If you just want a bed to sleep in, then this is definitely your place to go - it's pretty cheap for Las Vegas and right in the middle of the strip! The hotel itself feels very old in comparison to a lot of the newer, more modern hotels. Our room was supposed to be non-smoking but there is a lingering smell of smoke in the entire hotel (I'm guessing that the whole thing used to be all smoking?). I don't think I'll stay here again, especially have such a great experience staying at the Planet Hollywood.
3	If you're going for super luxe, this isn't the place for you.  If you're looking for a place to recharge for the next day, this place couldn't be more perfect.Located in the middle of the strip.  I was there in the July heat.  It's location made it easy to walk very little outside to fet really far along the strip.The pool was great.  Not a huge pool party like other hotels where you're hoping you may stick a toe in the pool and paid a ton of money to get into.  Just a pool with a DJ.The room isn't spectacular, it it was spacious.  For the price and location alone, it was a great deal.  I'd stay there again, unless I was going for the super luxe and posh hotel.
1	Why does Harrahs have all their employees pushing the rewards card when you have to wait in line over an hour and get crappy service just to get one?  Another classic example of corporate incompetency.
3	I was in to gamble only. Harrahs slots were not nice but there was fun to have. My husband enjoyed himself here playing. We really enjoyed the numb bar. It's Vegas all about fun.
3	The hotel has great location at the middle of the strip with access to the monorail. Entrance was hard to find. Cafe waiting staff sucks. ghe Buffet was surprisingly good with great service staff.
1	I recently stayed at the Harrah's whilst attending a 3 day marketing seminar. I disliked the fact that there's no way to walk from the conference room to my room without having to go through the smoky casino area. Same with when I wanted to pop out onto the Strip. Staff were very pleasant and friendly but given the choice again, I would not stay at Harrah's. I find it hard to believe that they're a Wyndham resort as the Grand Desert a couple of miles off the Strip is superior by far to Harrah's. So back to the rooms: They were extremely dusty and lit poorly, and some of the towels were soiled. Also the bathroom light kept flickering constantly, the faucet in the bathtub was hanging off and the location was noisy with background music going on much of the night. At the end of the day, you get what you pay for and at less than $30 per night, I shouldn't complain. Still....this hotel is not always less than $30 per night and at peak times can go up to $150 p.n. So yes, I do expect more for this hotel. Now for the good stuff: Conference rooms were nice and bathrooms up there were clean. Oh, and the buffet (I forget the name) is fantastic for $22! I got tired of spending $20 here and there on Starbucks and Subway's and Denny's, so this buffet really hit the spot and made financial sense. Ps. if you ask the staff nicely not to put the $100 hold on your card per day, chances are they won't. I really appreciated that and only ended up paying the resort fee of $18 per day (for internet and gym) which too, I believe is optional. Just have to ask.
2	Not sure on the cost of this hotel as we are on a company trip but I can't imagine its much. The only positive is its at the center of the strip.Lots of negatives, no Wifi below the 30th (or something ridiculous like that) the buffet didn't look good and had terribly long lines. As most of Vegas, the hotel smells like smoke. The rooms are not quiet. You can hear your neighbors talking, tv's, phones ringing and toilets flushing. Unless it was like $45 per night, I would say it isn't worth it.
3	If you are a FIRST TIMER or not familiar with Vegas then READ THIS.  STAY HERE.The casino is dated, not extraordinary, boring, small and not a destination for any visitor.  Huh?  Why stay here?  For the same reasons for the 3 most important thing for real estate.  Location, location and location.Mid strip is really the only place to stay.  All the casinos are closer to each other making walking easier here than any other place on the strip.  Plus there are some nice casinos that are literally next door.  Venetian can be access through the back of the Harrah's.  Plus Palazzo is next to it.  Mirage, just cross the street.  Caesar and Treasure Island a little further walk, but again, cross the street and turn left or right of the Mirage.  Next door, Casino Royale and the Quad, which is next door to the Flamingo.  Go down the block and there is Bally, Paris and Bellagio.  You really don't need a car here.  The best shows are also nearby here too.  Great restaurants all within walking distance.  Two of the greatest casino shopping centers are also a skip and hop away, the Ceasar's Forum and the Grand Canal Shoppes.  And a block away is the very large Fashion Show Mall which is across the street from the Wynn.  You are right dab in the middle of the best place to stay in Vegas, mid-strip.Another bonus is that it's one of the few casino where the monorail stops at.  Most other monorail stops are not near the casinos at all.  This one is just above the lobby with easy access.  Parking here is terrible, but I always get a spot.  Valet can be slow and at times is snail slow.  Access by car all will eventually come to the back where it can be messy and crowded.  Bus stops are better here than any other casino.Yes, you can stay in a nice place (most of the ones I just named above) and they are nicer.  But they will cost you more, much more.  In Vegas, you need a room to sleep and only stay in as less as you can.  The rooms here are nice.  They have been renovated and are more than adequate.  You will be pleased with them.  Don't pay more for a nicer casino; instead use the savings by staying here to go to nice restaurants, shows or gamble.As far as the casino, yup, my initial description is still is accurate.  Boring.  But, on the strip, getting a $5  Crap able is impossible.  $10 Pai Gow more than impossible.  You get them here.  Plus the dealers are nice.  Slots are not it's strength.  The Total Rewards program is good and I can get comp rooms too.I'm not kidding, I stayed in many of the elite casinos, and I loved them, but for the value and the location, this is the place to stay.  Don't get intimidated by the humongous amount of information or opinions of others.  This is the place to stay for the reasons I gave above.  Do it.
3	3 stars simply for location. Literally right in the middle of the Strip, you are nearby EVERYTHING. Pretty much anything is within reasonable walking distance, and you'll save a ton on cab fees.If you're on a budget and only care for a bed, shower, and place to put your things. You'll find some of the lowest rates at the Harrahs hands down.  Although don't expect anything fancy whatsoever. Just think "cheap", "barebones", and "necessities".The casino is dated and clients tend to be on the older side, but it has decent limits for the most part. My review is very bland, but that's what pretty much describes the Harrah's! Nothing really stands out about it, itself and the Flamingo are one of the lowest priced yet prime real estate spots on the Strip!
2	Just checked in last night and notice Thera is no WiFi available in the rooms. Rooms are ok clean but no WiFi, are you kidding ??When asked room service about WiFi, they said lower floors have weak signals, come on if you know the issue you should just fix it.
4	My bud and I stayed right across from here and decided to play some roulette. Just wanna shout out to Laura, best dealer I've had in Vegas so far with any game!! :) Otherwise, this is definitely wayyy better than the San Diego property.
1	Absolutely terrible hotel, the worst I have experienced within the North America. Rude and offensive behaviour from entire staff, including the manager. No Internet, noisy crappy conditioner, no ventilation in the rooms. Worse than any hotel or motel I have ever been to!
1	In line for check in at Harrahs with people lined up going out the door and only one person working at check in. Amazing. Seriously one elderly lady all by herself.
4	Arrived the afternoon of 12/2.  This was the second time I stayed at Harrah's Las Vegas this year.  The valets were friendly, the box office lady was friendly, the maids were friendly, and I wish I wrote down her name, but the lady who checked me in in the diamond check in was awesome!  The "snack bar" was closed the entire trip and the cafe is closed during the day/evening.  Cocktailers didn't come around often at all and took a while to come back with the beverage.  And out of all the Caesar's properties I seemed to have lost here and Imperial the most.The room was upgraded to a suite and was nice, well the couch was a but lumpy and older, but the beds were comfy, loved the jacuzzi tub and the shower.  Also loved the fact that I could see the water show at Bellagio from the room
4	Just stayed here from 12/19-12/22 and was definitely not impressed with the hotel itself, and especially the woman at check-in desk. She gave us the wrong room which was absolutely disgusting and dirty and VERY dated. We called downstairs, spoke to a manager and were moved to the room we were supposed to be in. The new room was dated, but clean and our view was directly at the volcano at the Mirage. The room was large and had a lot of empty space. My only complaint about the rooms are they need some updates, other than that it was okay. Harrahs was a perfect place to stay, you are right in the middle of everything on the strip! Also, the monorail was right outside if you wanted to go anywhere else that wasn't right next door, and it was an extremely reasonable price for an all day pass. Other than the awful woman who checked us in on day one, the other staff was very nice and helpful. We really enjoyed the buffet for breakfast and dinner one night, and Mings Table for dinner and drinks, SO good. I would definitely stay here again, the price was amazing and so was the location!
1	I've been to Vegas many times in a year, but I don't think I will ever come back to Harrah's in Las Vegas. It has come to be the most unsanitary and has no open-air for the hotel guests. Every time I went down the lobby I had to make sure I leave the hotel within 10 minutes or I will get a major headache. The vast majority of the people here at Harrah's smoke a lot, so I do not recommend this hotel for any family that has any infants or young children with them. The next thing why I don't like this hotel are the rooms. It's nice to have a simple room for you to sleep in, but there was only one blanket that can barely cover a whole person's body. And not to mention the shower drain was terrible. No matter how much we tried to shut it off it still manages to make small water drops which was hard to deal with. Another bad thing is the air conditioner is very loud up to the point you can lose your sleep over night.
4	I've stayed here a few times on various trips to Vegas.   Reasonable prices, centrally located on the strip and friendly staff.  IMO rooms are essentially for sleep.  This is NOT high end, but the rooms are big and clean.Best part:  The Dueling Piano's bar.  You must check it out.  The twin sisters that play are AWESOME!
2	I feel fortunate to be gifted with free rooms from harrahs anytime i ask, however, harrahs las vegas needs retired. Its just a bad experience, outdated and uncomfortable, and i was in an upgraded room! Had to move to ballys to get decent sleep. Cramped rooms, lumpy beds, Loud halls and outside noise keeps you up all night regardless of your intent to stay that way. Oh and heres the kicker, no wifi but required resort fee? Boooooo.
1	Horrible experience....checked into our room, lady at front desk was nice and also polite. Until we checked into our room. After an hour of relaxing, and eating we finally started getting ready. Of course we used the restroom. So as I finish and flush the toliet I washed my hands and exited.upon entering again I had noticed the toliet backed up and flooded with nasty fecal matter within the water, ruining my friends sandals and also dirty in my feet as I raced to shut the water. We went to the front desk complaining about what happened and all they did was move us to the room next door. So as we moved all of our stuff to the next door we settled in again. Until I used the restroom again, upon finishing I notice the same problem occurring as the water begins to build up I quickly shut off the water and video tape the situation. As we return to the front desk and complain yet again, the manager simply pulls the person at the front aside saying god knows what and decides to move us up higher. Now after experiencing the same problem twice I, and having ruined my friends sandals and soaked my feet in fecal water I would think the hotel would take care of us. As we call the bell boy to help us move things we check in to the 25th floor thinking just that. But we notice not one difference In the room after that whole ordeal. Now I'm not one to beg for freebes but at least take care of the customer. Not only did I feel disrespected but also disgusted, because of how I ended up being treated in the end even though it was not my fault. All in all I'm pretty disappointed with this hotel. Hell the Super 8 across the way was a better stay than here!
3	Stayed here on my first trip to Las Vegas, its exactly as it appears. You get what you pay for. Nothing fancy, nothing special, just the bare essentials, which is a place to sleep, shower, and get dressed for the day. The rooms are spacious enough and honestly I see nothing wrong with staying here. As long as you're not expecting the Ritz, you will not be disappointed.
1	If I can give it 0 I will, worst place1) Manger was a jerk and rude2) Workers at the front desk don't know what the hell there doing.3) are room had no coffee maker, no internt or wifi, there was a hole in are wall, bathroom fan did not work, and bathtub water didn't go down.And the answer we got only was were sorry, We paid 500 the shit. Never going back there
3	Vegas and I have been dating for over 15 years...and just like any relationship we've laughed, we've cried, we've won and lost...but we can't quit each other.  I have stayed in 80% of hotels in Vegas and I can say this place is the inbetweener.  It is stripped down to the basics but the rooms still embody the comforts of a soft bed, clean rooms and restrooms.  The staff are attentive and friendly. You need to keep in mind that this is not a 5 star hotel so the glitz and glamour of the high end hotels should not be expected.  It is located  in the heart of the strip, just where you wanna be to walk to any destination for your preferred debauchery.  This hotel is simple, clean, affordable and the location is spot on.  If you are looking to spend less on a hotel but still have the comfort you need to nurse your hangover, this place can provide that.  So go book with confidance..eat, drink, gamble and get a lil creepy..A lil fun ain't gon hurt nobody.p.s.  Its desert life so hydrate hydrate hydrate
2	The only good thing about this hotel is it's location. The service was terrible, me and my boyfriend just felt lost there because nobody is of any help.  The room we stayed at didn't have wi-fi, you have to connect your laptop to a router which means that you can only connect it to one device. Circus Circus is cheaper and they actually have wi-fi there! The game room is decent, we went on a weekday and they had $5 minimum roulette tables.
1	Great location on the strip, but this place is otherwise pathetic. It's dirty and seems to have fallen into general disrepair. Half the elevators work, half of them do not. There is no wireless internet, and corded access required one hour and 20 minutes on the phone with technical support in order to get the Internet to work. I cannot wait to check out of this place. And I do not ever plan to come back here. So many better options on the Strip.
3	I stayed in a "Premium Room" in the Mardi Gras tower. While you will find far fancier rooms elsewhere on the Strip, my room was updated and VERY clean.My room had a small balcony and overlooked the "Carnaval Court" which is an open-air nightclub venue. Some people would probably not like the fact that this leads to loud music blasting every afternoon and night and the sound coming through the walls/windows. However, I enjoyed some time hanging out in the room with the sliding door open, taking in the warm air and music.I typically gamble at MGM Grand, so having a monorail station right off the back of Harrah's was very convenient.I had several breakfasts at the buffet and all were good. The staff throughout the hotel were friendly and helpful.Complaints? There is no Wi-Fi. There is supposedly hardwired internet. I found a cable sitting in the nightstand drawer, but I didn't see anywhere in the wall to plug it into. Not that it would work with an Ipad anyway. The water pressure was pretty weak, and the lighting in the shower area is poor. The entrance roads from the Strip to check-in are full of unmarked speed bumps everywhere, pulling in at night I think I beat my rental car's suspension pretty hard. All in all, a fair value for the money on the Strip. Also one of the easiest Caesars properties to get comped rooms at through the Total Rewards program.
1	When I got to the hotel at about 9pm, there were no rooms with king beds left, so I paid an extra fee to upgrade to a mini suite. I was expecting maybe a couch or a little desk. Nope. It was just a bigger room with a lot of extra space. When I got up there (keep in mind this was after a 6 hour drive)  the room was FILTHY. Dirty towels, a bed that someone had obviously just done the nasty on (there were some tell-tale stains), full trash, etc. I called guest services and they were really rude to me about it. The first woman I called said "You can't switch rooms. I'll send up housekeeping when someone is available." A half hour later, no one had come. I called again and got a guy who did apologize, and said he would send up housekeeping right away. 10 minutes later, still nothing. I went down to the casino for about an hour, came back, and housekeeping was in the room. So it took about 2 hours for them to clean a room I had paid an extra fee for. Any other hotel might offer me some kind of comp or at least repay the extra fee, but it seems like they were annoyed with me for complaining. Great location, lower price than some other places on the strip, but next time I will pay a little more and stay elsewhere.
1	First and last stay here.....Wow, thats what came to my mind when I walked into our room. I have been going to the Harrah's in Rincon (California for a few years now love the rooms same property but not the same maintenance. It was my frst time ever in vegas now that I'm over the age of 21 I was excited we were in town to see a concert and just have fun. The room looked nice, except for the toilet's non stop running, when we tried to flush it it was stuck. So we called front desk they sent over someone and hour later and a part later it was fine but hardly flushed, whatever at least the running stopped. I look out our window and the pool looked like a hurricane tore it apart. Being in vegas you want to drink by the pool. I called the front desk they said "Oh our pool isn't working right now it's closed till further notice", Seriously?My friends and I tried to let it go so we went out for drinks, at the Toby Keith Bar (FIVE STARS for sure there) did some gambling (The dealers were amazing and nice) Came back two hours before our show to shower, the lights hardly turned on in the bathroom a bulb was starting to go. We showered, the shower leaked, soaked our clothes that was on the floor. It was a mess, I was very disappointed. I am the type who doesn't care where we stay as long as it's nice, and functioning. Yeah, no never again will I stay here.All around I can say the staff was amazing and sweet the hotel needs a lot of work. I understand it's vegas but come on!
4	I only came to Harrah's and ate at the Flavors Buffet but I loved the food and service! It was definitely pricey though! Good thing I found some good coupons on Groupon. At the front they snapped a few pictures of my family and I, only played 20$ for 3 pictures. The food was delicious and the servers were very friendly and helpful! I would definitely recommend this buffet to families and even couples.
3	Not a bad hotel at all.  It wouldn't be my 1st choice when traveling to Vegas, however, I would definitely stay there again!
1	This is a summery of our stay at Harrah's Hotel in Las Vegas. It started out rough. We arrived around 4:00 PM to check in but their computer system was down and they had no manual system in place. While we were waiting they had hotel employees walking around keeping guests updated but all they could tell us was that it would be about two hours. Every time we checked with them they said "about two hours". After around 7:00 PM that story was getting old, but compost occurs. We got into our room around 11:00 PM.At one point while we was waiting there was a lady who approached us and asked if we would like to see a show. She was circulating around the guests who were waiting to get into their room and I assumed she worked for the hotel and was trying to smooth over the inconvenience their system failure caused. There was a lot of pissed off people. She took us to the desk and introduced us to a man behind the desk who would get us some show tickets. As the man talked more it became obvious that these two people were not hotel employees but instead the time share sales people from Wyndham Resorts. At this point Patty and I thought what the heck, we'll play along. So we set up a time to listen to their presentation. They promised breakfast and a look at one of their resorts plus two Blue Man Group tickets for $40. What a deal, all we had to do was listen to them try to sell us something. So the next morning at 9:00 AM we showed up, checked in, and they introduced us to our representative. Each couple got their own rep. They put us in a line for a buffet style breakfast then ushered us into a presentation room. After being seated a man with a heavy New York accent started talking. He sounded like a slick fast talking used car salesmen. He emphasized how important taking vacations was. And at one point, to paraphrase, he told us we are stupid if we didn't buy into what they were selling. After the presentation we were sat down with our rep who was throwing numbers at us and asking if that sounded good. I told her that I didn't think this was for us. At this point she tried to tell us that she was just trying to do her job and that we were being disrespectful to her. That's when I lost it.After using deceitful tactics to get us to the presentation and then calling us stupid if we didn't buy into what they were selling and then telling us we were being disrespectful for politely telling them this was not for us I truly did stop being respectful. I explained to them that I felt like I was in a cheap Amway meeting and that I did not trust anything they said because of their deceitful tactics and because of that, they are the ones who were being disrespectful of me. But wait, there's more! These Wyndham pilot fish are at every entrance of the hotel and casino. Any time you got off of the elevator, walked by the hotel desk, or walked in or out of the casino they were there trying to get you to go to a presentation. It was no stop having to tell these people we are not interested. It got to the point where Patty and I would come and go separately just so they would leave us alone. BTW, they would target couples so if you walked by them alone they would leave you alone but if we were together they would be all over us. They literally made our stay at Harrah's very un-comfortable. Because of the Wyndham pilot fish we will never stay at Harrah's again. I will also look up the company's who are affiliated with Wyndham and do my best to insure that I never give them any business. These are some of the rudest people I have ever come in contact with and we couldn't even come and go from our room without these Wyndham people getting in our face. The only positive thing I can say about Wyndham is that they did honor the Blue Man Group ticket deal. It was a great show.Other than that, the hotel was OK. Once we got out of the hotel and casino we had a great time in Vegas.
2	Stayed in Oct 2013So I finally decided to finish my review, which is long overdue.When you book this hotel, think about the perks of the location and not much else. We usually stay at the Rio, but decided to stay on the strip this time.As my mom put it "This is a weasel hotel." The rooms are small and the check-in staff is barely accomodating. Another perk to the location is right beside the hotel there are fast food favorites: Chipotle, Panda Express, Mc Donalds, etc.They do offer an airport shuttle which is  a direct, nonstop service to the airport.Next to this, is the Best Western Casino Royale. Try your luck here instead, it appears to be updated and the reviews are glowing. AGAIN, I must stress, if you have to stay here think about LOCATION only!
1	I forgot why we stopped coming here but now I remember.. this place is dead after 11pm. Not even Toby Keiths bar and grill which claims to be open until 2am.
1	Worst experience in Vegas by far!  I arrived at  Harrahs early and asked if a room was available. .. i was told that there were rooms available but I would have to pay extra $ if I wanted to check in early.. lame! They told me that I had to wait until 4pm to check in to avoid a fee Omg....then they said all I have to do when I returned was stand in the short key pick up line which is supposed to be fast....When I finally got back at 11pm to get my key and finally go to my room after waiting 10 hours, the line was closed! So I had to wait in a huge line with everyone else who were also trying to check in. When i finally made it to my room was totally old and seemed really dirty. I turned on the TV and It of course didnt work!  Omg! AND it wouldnt turn back off! So I had to sleep with the TV on all night.  (Without a picture) What a nightmare.! Beware!  Don't stay here!  Horrible service, dirty rooms and broken tvs! Never again!
1	Horrible place to stay!!!! Stayed at The Harrah's on 3/7-3/9 worst experience ever: 1. Restroom was not flushing called the front desk they said we will send some one up waited 20 min maintenance guy said I don't see anything wrong with the restroom give it a couple of min and it should flush!!! 2. While we we're sleeping 2 African American guys broke in into our room while we we're sleeping good thing my brother felt some one was staring at him sure enough when he open his eyes some one was there my brother approached the dude and said what are you doing here? What do you want? The guy answer we're suppose to meet some females here my brother said stop lying and get the F*** out of here before I call security the guy responded you don't got to do all that homie... When the 2 African American guys left I called the front desk to tell them what had just happened the respond I got was I will send security to walk the halls!!! PLEASE DON'T STAY HERE!!!!! Rooms are gross!!!
3	Harrah's ... definitely not the big names on the strip, especially when you have Caesar's Palace across the street and The Bellagio! But the location of this little hotel is pretty central on the strip. Plus our Lux Bus ride drops off at Harrah's!!! Convenient indeed, So we arrived around 1:30pm and checked in...usually check in is at 4pm, however, if you are an awards member you can check in early! Sweet deal, since Zeela D. was already a member. The room was nice and spacious. The beds were nice and comfy. My only complaint is that it's noisy. The walls are thin. And I could hear the neighbors or people in the hallway. Usually you can hear mumbling, but in this case, I could hear full out conversations word for word. So for that alone. I give it 3 stars. For the casino ... they've got everything. From a spa to a buffet to an oyster bar. Slot machines and tables galore. I just played some penny slots and won $300. woohoo. The part that I didn't like was my hair started smelling like smoke after while. Overall, if you are looking for a cheaper hotel (we paid about $250 for a Saturday night) right smack in the middle of the strip. Then this one is for you!
1	40 min to check in. Crapy hotel. Talked to the manager and asked her to bring more employees to help shorten the line and she was rude. Will never come back to this hotel!
3	Harrah's is for 'low rollers' who want to stay in a central location. Harrah's is slightly cheaper than the other hotels on the strip, but lower quality too. Also, be sure to take into account the $36/night resort fee when comparing the price of Harrah's to other hotels.
1	This review is NOT about the hotel, but the "all night cafe" in the Casino. We had such an unpleasant experience I need to warn people.we arrived very late and after a nice encounter with the front desk person, we went to get something to eat.  At two a.m. the only place in the hotel is the all night cafe ( Just called, I believe "The Cafe")  we got in line and waited with three other patrons.   and waited.  and waited.  The "hostess" was no where to be found for at least five minutes, maybe longer.     The two guys in front of us, having had a brief encounter with her before we got in line , gave up and warned us she was rude.  RUDE doesn't begin to cover it.  She came back and escorted the one gentleman in the wheel chair to a table. She came back, and in a tone reminiscent of Moon Zappa demanded to know if we has a club card- we do but didn't have it on us  she said .  There's a long wait for the table and dismissed us to ask the people behind us the same question .  The were also not Diamond or Platinum members and were similarly dismissed.  The place was not full and there were empty tables in the one room that seemed to be serving.  We left and went to Starbucks, where the counter woman was delightful!  I wonder if I shoul alert management or if they even care.
3	The reviews saying this is a mid-range hotel in a good location are correct. I have never seen the need for a bunch of "amenities" for a Vegas hotel. I fall into to bed at the end of the day or stop in to rest. So, if you ask me the frills are kinda a waste. With that said, I came to LV for work this time around. Harrah's is not a good place for that. Wife is VERY limited. wall outlets for power are way to few and there is no desk, so plan on working on the bed. I would not stay here during a working trip again. For a vacation spot Harrah's is serviceable and in a good/safe location. The staff is friendly and professional. But, there is little more than a room here.Pool is small, business center is limited. Overall, nice not great. Oh! I almost forgot, they claim "No resort fee" however, I was charged and could not convince them that all ads stated no fee.
3	Not too crowded, close to a bunch of eateries. On the strip, clean.  What more can you ask for!!
1	Stay away from this hotel.The reception is courteous but they added a 'resort fee' of $20 per room per day. This included internet (No Wi-Fi, no ipad or tablet connection, only hard Ethernet connection. If you do not have a laptop you are out of luck) and local calling (your cell phones do that. I asked if I had a choice to decline this 'resort fee'...I was told no...it is mandatory. They don't tell you that when you book the hotel.We rented 2 rooms ...in one of the rooms the sink and the bathtub flooded with each use.Also the rooms are sparsely stocked..no coffee, no hot water, no fridge....Never going to stay with them again.
2	This is my first and last experience with booking at HarrahPros *Affordable price on the strip *Free shuttle to the Rio *Checking out via TV or Phone *Cheap place to gamble *Friendly front desk Cons *Paper thin walls - so thin you can hear your next door neighbor conversation and them using the bathroom. I had a restless night and could hear people walking and taking in the hallway *Bed was not comfortable and stiff in my opinion *AC system was loud and not user friendly *TV checkout was a fail since it took an eternity to load. So I checked out over the phone *Room in the Mardi Gras had a bunch of scratch and chips on the door, furniture, and bathroom *Toilet seat was way too close to the wall. You would have to sit side ways when doing your business This was a last minute booking but it's true, you get what you paid for.
3	One of the older hotels. Doesn't have the razzle dazzle of say the newer hotels. I didn't stay here so I can't comment on their living amenities.  But they have the million dollar free slot pool which I won a free buffet on. So I guess it's got that going for it.
3	COMPED ROOM - MARDI GRAS TOWERLast month I comped 4 free nights at Bally's. The room at Bally's was spacious. There were two things I didn't like at Bally's. First the pool was closed due to the season. Second the bridge from Bally's to The Cromwell was closed. I was excited that I was able to comp 4 free nights at Harrah's. When I checked in Monday I was given a room at the Mardi Gras Tower. To my disbelief I was shocked how small the room was. This room looked like a closet that was expanded. The room was so cramped as it appeared the bed was squished between the wall and balcony. The worst part of the room was it was located on the Strip where music was playing at the Carnival Court. When I tried to go to sleep at night I had to use earplugs. I enjoyed the vuvuzela sound four years ago at World Cup in South Africa than the noise from the Strip at night.The reasons I didn't give a smaller rating were that I comped a room and swam at the pool.
2	Stayed Friday and Saturday night there this weekend.  "Meh" was a good word for it.  Room is seriously dated but we were there for a purpose (I had two concerts to go to there) so I didn't really care too much about the furniture.  What bothered me was the first night, the air conditioning wasn't working properly and our room was STEAMY.  Went down to the concierge on Saturday morning and asked for it to be fixed and it was fixed pretty quickly.  No big deal, right?  However...after it was fixed the room smelled like some horrible BO...I kept thinking maybe it was me...maybe I stunk after all the walking I did that day.  Showered immediately because I couldn't stand it.  Nope...wasn't me.  Told my husband to hit the rain locker because HE stunk. Wasn't him either.  The room smelled AWFUL after the a/c was repaired and didn't "unstink" by the time we left.  Wifi there is free but SO slow that you can barely use it (unless you are really patient and don't mind being booted off the server a million times and having to reload every page you want to look at).  On the plus side, the front desk staff was VERY pleasant and friendly, restaurant staff were very nice too.  Won't be going back anytime soon.  We've stayed at the Palms and the Monte Carlo before and everything was perfect.  This place just really needs an overhaul to bring it up to speed.
2	NO WIRELESS INTERNET AVAILABLE EVEN THOUGH FRONT DESK AND TECH SUPPORT CLAIMS THERE IS! The only plus to this hotel is the location.  I had a wedding to attend at the Venetian and they are connected by a parking structure.  Extremely close.  My biggest gripe about this hotel is that they are not upfront about their amenities and what the hotel has to offer.  I was told the $18 per night resort fee covered wireless internet and pool use.  I was told at the front desk that to connect more than one device (which we needed) it was another $11.  I go to the room and tried to connect wirelessly and was unable to.  I called the tech line and was was that wireless internet is only available on floors 19 and above in the Mardi Gras (I was on floor 17).  I called the front desk immediately to switch rooms.  I was then told that there is NO wireless in the entire hotel.  I asked how it was possible that when I checked in the front desk told me there was and how can you connect more then one device, it's impossible.  The front desk apologized but said they couldn't think of a resolution to offer because this was how the hotel is set up.  As far as the room goes, its very basic.  No luxury at all and TINY closets.  Again, only pro is the location.  I will not stay here again and will go back to splurging on The Cosmopolitan when and if I return.
3	I've stayed at Harrah's before, and if the price is right I would definitely stay here again, but if the price isn't right, I'll look elsewhere.CHECK-IN/FRONT DESK - 2 StarsOur flight landed at 8am and we were at the hotel by 8:45am.  As we planned on and expected, our room was not ready for us that early (which is ok).  We came back around 2:45 (15 minutes prior to check-in time) to find the front desk area a sea of people.  It was almost utter mayhem since the ropes/guides to form the check-in lines only ran about 4 people deep for each front desk clerk.  But, after waiting about an hour, we finally were checked in and on our way to our room.  HOTEL ROOM - 3 StarsThe room itself was a bit smaller than other 'standard' rooms I had stayed in on previous trips to other resorts in Vegas.  While the room was 'deep', it was quite narrow.  However, it's a room and how often are you in the room in Vegas?  It had the basics, two queen beds, a TV, and a bathroom.  I will note that the room was in good condition though.  Not dirty or wrecked up.CASINO - 4 StarsI know there are better casinos in Vegas than the one at Harrah's, but for some reason I like it.  The theming is ok, and there are plenty of table games and slot machines for all to enjoy.  I actually like playing blackjack outside the Piano Bar as Big Elvis is playing.DINING - 3 StarsHarrah's doesn't boast the best rastaurants in Vegas in my opinion, but they're at least decent and edible.  The Buffet is good for breakfast and lunch (both from a selection standpoint and a price standpoint), but never indulged in dinner at the Buffet.  I would also recommend the Cafe' at Harrah's for a quick yet filling meal.  They have almost everything on the menu at a fair price, and again, it's not the greatest food but it's good for the price.  Don't forget they have night owl specials there as well.BARS -  5 Stars  Ok.  In my opinion this is where Harrah's hits the nail on the head.  Between Toby Keith's, The Piano Bar and Carnaval Court, they have everyone covered.  I personally like heading to the Piano Bar to see Cook-E-Jarr, Big Elvis, Karaoke and of course, Deuling Pianos.  Once I've had my fill of the Piano Bar, I recommend stepping about 20 yards away, outside to Carnaval Court.  Complete with flair bartending, live music and DJ's basically all day and all night, plus 4 or 5 outdoor blackjack tables, this place is a blast.  One recommendation on Carnaval Court though, when they get busy the ordering and serving of drinks can become sloooow.  My advice, double up on your order, or head to the smaller bar by the main entrance of Carnaval Court, they'll get you served up quicker there.STAFF - 2 StarsNot mentioning any staff in specific, I think overall the staff deserves 3 stars.  While the dealers and pit bosses are fun and energetic, the front desk staff and some of the bartenders throughout can be slow and ignorant at times.
1	Trouble from the start!!!! I paid extra for what's called a luxury room with view . I get to my room only to find I have full view of the roof only ( A\c and piping of the building in from of us ( no street no strip!! I call to the front to desk manager and explain to him ( Antonio) my problem , first response if that room are given based on availability.  I questioned why would have option  during booking to PAY MORE to reserve a luxury room with view of the strip if it would not be reversed , he then responded  buy saying oh you paid what 12\ 15 more ( which I took as a oh well its only a little more ) which I agree is true but I work hard for my $ and would have saved the 15$ more per night if I knew I wasn't getting what I paid for . after 5 more mins of debating and asking for his manager name and number and the manager above the first one given , did he say he would see what he could do . Only option give was to stay in the room given for night and change the next day........which sucks!!! No apology no care from the front desk manager ...sadThe next day we changed rooms and had to move all of my things to get a room on a higher floor with view of the same roof put part of the street. TROUBLE .....This day we decide to go out in the morning around 11 am and was back by 4/5 only find that stuff from me room had been stolen. So I report it to the front desk and file a report only for the office to tell me hotel won't do anything about it . Since they can't say who took my stuff ....More B.S since i have both the given keys to the room and no one else has access but the maid that cleaned my room. Funny thing when I checked in there was card the first night with the maids name that cleaned the room but now my second night a card was left with no Name . Don't ever stay here!!!!! The value is not worth the time I spent being miss treated and losing out on seeing Vegas handling room issues and then having you stuff stolen !!!!!!
4	The beer is cold and the bartenders are great!  Every employee that we ran into was nice!  I couldn't believe it.  Even a cleaning lady and security guy were super nice in the casino area.  The tables aren't over-priced and the atmosphere is fun.  It's a little on the old side but it's a good place to stop by and visit.  You won't find friendlier employees in Vegas.
3	We booked a room here few weeks prior to rolling out to Vegas at a decent rate, but if you are willing to gamble a little, wait until you are there and book it on the Hotel Tonight app. It was popping up significantly cheaper every night that we were there, which would have translated into a few expensive rounds of drinks. I know what you're thinking, that's the cheap corner of the Vegas strip, right? Well, it was a few years ago - the last time I was there. Now it's a booming conglomerate of hotels in the midst of renovations raising their drink prices to keep up with their transforming decor. On the plus side, the beds are ridiculously, ridiculously, comfortable, (said in your best Derek Zoolander voice). On the flip side, the water pressure in the shower was awful and it struggled to hit the temperature I wanted/needed. The casino itself is stuffy, pretty decent at taking your money, difficult to settle into  and dated at best, which evokes the desire to seek out other places to spend your money. With this being said... if you are staying at Harrah's and need a cheap drink, leave. If you hang a left, you've already lost as it walks you right into the pricey cocktail zone. If you hang a right, you've won if you stumble next door to Casino Royale. Do it.
1	I gave it a one star because that is the experience I'm getting here but it's probably not fair because I've never stayed at the Imperial Palace. When I got here I was lucky enough to get upgraded to a room with a balcony. Unfortunately that balcony which is 10 inches wide is facing an array of pipes and plumbing that block the only window of the place. I didn't want to change rooms because I was tired and I can live without seeing out my window/balcony but I started noticing how beat up and ghetto this hotel is. I'm now on day 2 of my stay and I have a small list of things that are bugging me. 1.  They do not have wifi here yet2.  The hard wire internet was hidden inside the night stand from the back and the "technical support" didn't know where to find it. They had to send a specialist to my room which took over an hour to get there. 3. There is a giant blood stain on the carpet by my bed which I'm hoping is red wine. 4.  The bathroom floor is perpetually sticky no matter what housekeeping does.5. They give you soap for the shower but no hand soap for the bathroom. 6.  The iron is beat up and cracked. 7.  The a/c is set on a motion detector so it turns off while you're sleeping. The price isn't too bad for the location but if I knew now back when I booked it I would never had considered it.
1	Everything is seriously so outdated. The lifeguard that was on duty was very rude. The AC was so loud. My room smells. The view sucked. The door to my room did not shut until I used force. I can go on about how unsanitary Harrahs is!!!! Uh.. See you never Harrahs!
1	From the room comps I had available, I chose Harrahs since they had a superior strip view room. I know it's not the best hotel, but it's central location and having a kickass view seemed awesome.Well, when I got there they didn't have any ready for another two hours. So I got a mini-suite. It had a partial strip view but mostly of the parking structure. The minibar was empty, there was a very sad and worn couch, sink was runny and shower didn't drain well. That being said, the room was large and laid out well. The dealers here are insane. I lost money so fast and it doesn't matter if it's 2 or 5 cards, they will get their 21! Oh well, it was fun I guess? Their drink service at the tables were very prompt, which I loooove!I will not be back, but I do think it's a decent place for those looking for something central for tourist stuff!
3	Splitting a hotel among 4 people at around $65 for 2 nights wasn't bad at all.  The room and 2 queen beds were decent.  The location wasn't bad either, walking distance to many places.  If you're a woman and like those magnified mirrors, you're out of luck! lol and the lighting inside the room sucks if you're trying to get ready to go out.  That is all I have to say.  Oh and the patrons who stay at this place are interactive.  We had one guy direct us to the wrong elevator based on the room levels.  Another time, we stalled in the elevator and didn't get out because we weren't sure we were going.  The guy yelled out casino!  I guess we were in sleepy mode lol either that or we were just too hung over to pay attention.  Good times!
4	On prices alone, I gave it 4 stars.  $60/night for a last minute room is ridiculously good and far less than I expected.  Not sure how we got the deal but AMENNN!!!  Besides, I don't think staying IN your room is really a priority when visiting Vegas.  You want to me out exploring all the city has to offer.  I was a little annoyed with the lines accumulating at the desk.  I locked myself out of my room and was in line for 30 minutes waiting and there was only 7 people in front of me.  The ladies at the desk moved sluggishly while we all waited but it was my fault for locking myself out.  HOWEVER, I asked a security guard to let me in when I realized Id be there for another 30 min before someone helped me.  He confirmed my name and last 4 of my social and walked me to my room.  LIFE SAVER!!
5	I've had a few great stays at Harrah's Las Vegas over the years.  Although an older property, and probably not the most luxurious of the Caesars Entertainment properties, it's surefire, and smack dab in the middle of the Strip action. By choice, all of my stays have been in the Mardi Gras Tower, which I've opted for due to the fact that all of these rooms have mini balconies, are non-smoking, and usually have awesome poolside views.  The location of this tower is a lot closer to the casino and Strip as well.  Gotta admit there was a pretty wild crowd above me one visit, and I literally felt the wind of a beer bottle that was chucked off their balcony into the pool as it whizzed by.  Oh well, I've seen stranger things happen in Vegas.  There are many different types of rooms and suites available in both towers, and the property is pet friendly.  The rooms have always been really clean, and I was pretty surprised that the lower level floors don't keep too high of a noise level with the pool being right there.  No problems with any staff members whatsoever, everyone's always been very friendly.Huge, sprawling casino, and if you're a Blazing Sevens fan as I am, you'll be stoked here - there's a whole parlor full of the entire family of machines, directly in between the poker room and oyster bar!  And they fire pretty well.  For the Strip, anyway.I've only checked out Flavors buffet so far, and it's always been great.  Nothing too over the top.The location of the property is prime.  The outdoor Carnaval Court is an awesome walk-thru.Definitely recommend.TIP:If you're a Diamond Player, of course expect all the usual added perks.  One plus to the Vegas location of the Total Rewards club is that you can stay for up to five consecutive nights on a comp offer, whereas it's a maximum of three at the Reno and Tahoe properties.   Use the Trip Tools function on their website when making reservations.  You'll be really surprised at the free upgrades that pop up.  All the better to take a couple of extra days vacation.
2	This property is in major need of an upgrade.  Rooms, while comfortable,  show their age. The casino floor has a fun vibe, and now has a more pleasant scent.
4	View was not terrible on 27th fl facing the strip.  Toby Keith's accommodates allergies.  The airport shuttle takes its own time coming to pick you up (pay for the taxi).
1	Stayed in the Carnaval Tower this past weekend ( May 24-May 25 ). I think this hotel should just be torn down . The room had no drinking water and all calls requesting for water were first bounced around different places ( yeah .. I did dial room service ) and was then told there was a charge associated if we wanted to get water delivered. I am not against tipping the folks who deliver stuff to the room, but this is atrocious. If this was not enough, the cleaning lady was probably running short on towels and bath soaps. We had 1 towel and 1 bath soap in a room which had 2 Queen sized beds in it.Take my advice..Run far far away from this place as you can. This is one of those places on the strip that should just be torn down and make way for better ones.Never ever am I going to stay at this dirty excuse for a hotel.
2	The employees are awesome!  The only problem was the bed and the awful sheets!  The mattress should have been replaced and the sheets felt like burlap sacks!  Be aware of the Numb Bar....the value of the tasty frozen drinks are a rip off....50 plus bucks for two big plastic drink glasses filled with a supposed 3 shots is not accurately poured!  Oh well...when your in Vegas!
4	While in Vegas, we stayed at Harrah's.  Although it is not the most luxurious, it is the most gregarious site.  People come by,  shop, gamble, eat and sing at the Karaoke lounge.  The pool is beautiful and refreshing.  Lounge chairs abound.  There is always something going on and I very highly recommend it.
4	I'm a member of the Caesars Total Rewards club so I was able to book 2 nights at Harrah's on Memorial Day Weekend for just $400 total! It was a great deal and nights not available to the public. The hotel is fine. It is middle-of-the-road, has a casino and some convenience stores. Nothing fancy - but the location is perfect! It's right in the middle of the Strip. So not only are you saving on rooms but you save on cabs because you can walk to all the clubs. Would definitely stay here again
3	Nothing spectacular about this hotel. You will not be in "wow" when you walk in. Good value if you are not trying to spend all your Vegas money on a hotel and plan on enjoying Vegas and not locked upin your hotel room. Hotel is a bit dated. Staff seem to be very friendly.
4	I recently stayed at Harrah's for 4 nights for EDC Las Vegas. I was a little skeptical at first because of the recently reviews but I was pleasantly surprised overall. Pros:- On the strip! Love that we didn't have to use a taxi once and even in that crazy 104 degree heat. It was so close to all the nightlife and shopping, couldn't have been in a better location.- Price: It averaged about $135 a night (before taxes and fees) but we booked our rooms over 6 months in advance though. After taxes and fees it was actually $164 a night. so not bad but not great either- Staff: The staff was mostly friendly and accommodating when they could be. Our bell hop who took everything from our rooms down to valet was wonderful. He smiled the entire time he loaded 4 ladies worth of luggage onto his cart and even had our car pulled around for us and loaded by the time we finished with checkout. The cleaning staff was also very friendly, they happily brought us extra towels and changed our bedding while we were away. Since my friend and I were there for EDC, we made a bit of a mess every day getting ready in the bathroom and even though we told them they didn't have to worry about it, they still tidy up after us. I left the cleaning staff a large tip for our 4 day stay seeing as how they were probably going to be trying to get glitter out of the carpet for a week... In room checkout: Can you say awesome??? Didn't have to fight with the lines with new guests arriving for early check ins. Loved that we could take our time getting packed up that morning to leave.- Casino: It was very nice and well maintained, all the machines seemed to be in working order and I even won $120 bucks! Right on!- Food: They have several restaurants in the hotel but we choose Hash a Go Go, their potions were MASSIVE and very well priced. My mother and I shared a waffle breakfast plate and we still couldn't finish it all between the two of us. I highly recommend Hash a Go Go, everything there is made fresh and from scratch and you can taste the difference.Location: Seriously an amazing location, they were located in practically the heart of the strip, every direction had something you could see or do. Harrah's also has a Quad located just outside the hotel, it had many shops here and there and multiple food options to choose from. We never had to eat at the same place twice all four days we were there.- Extra: There is a full Starbucks just outside the elevators that take you up to the pool and your room. Very nice I didn't have to walk everywhere to find some decent coffee in the mornings.Cons:- The 'internet' charge: I wish Harrahs would just suck it up and jump into the 21st century already. They didn't have wireless internet! Not a huge deal but when they told me I'd still have to pay for the in room wired internet even though I didn't bring ANY device that would be able to connect to it, therefore I wouldn't use it once, I was a little upset. We fought at check in to get that ridiculous resort fee removed but with no luck, seriously ridiculous though making a guest pay for something they weren't going to be using.- Small pool: I was glad to see they had a pool although it was a small area. For the amount of guests able to stay in the hotel, the pool was totally under sized. It was nice to see they had a bar and a small shop down in the pool area where you could purchase pool noodles, water guns, sun screen, snacks, ect.  They had lots of towels handy but no one seemed to be changing the towels on the chairs after guests left.  We had to removed the wet towels ourselves and find extra to cover because the chairs were damp. Also, they was VERY limited area to sit of lay out and get some sun. There was only 2 small sections of seating where you didn't have to be a VIP member or reserve a table with bottle service in order to even sit in the space. Confused guests: Now, I don't believe this is the direct fault of the staff but on Sunday, we had what seemed as some very confused new guests wondering our halls. They began trying their keys in random rooms and started banging (not knocking, they were hitting the doors with their fists) on different doors looking for who I could only assume was the others they were suppose to stay with. When they came to our door and tried their keys, we called from the other side that they had the wrong room. That's when this older lady started banging on the door and shouting at me in a different langue, boy was she surprised to see me (in full EDC make up, fake lashes, glitter and all) swing that door open and ask how I could help her. She just gawked at me and then quickly continued on her way down the hall until we called the staff to come and help them.Overall, I think I'd stay here again c:
3	Decent and affordable.. Middle of everything. I would come here if I know I'm not looking for huge amenities. The hotel had comfy beds and clean rooms, which  works perfectly. The carpet in the room could use some cleaning. They have 2 Starbucks inside hotel and 2-3 lounges. I didn't have much luck on the slots. Stay here but play somewhere else. I wish I would have seen the swimming pool. Doing too much gambling I guess. (Dink)
3	The location works well if your are planning on going out quite a bit. Yes the rooms are outdated a bit, but they are clean and a decent size (got comp'd to a mini suite).The staff is great and knowledgeable! There can be long lines around check in... but this is Vegas and it happens at all hotels. Check out was a breeze!The casino itself is a decent size, lots of smoking going on... but that's normal as well. Overall I'd come back and recommend the Harrahs for those looking to do Vegas on low-medium budget.
2	Pros: hotel room in a good locationCons: horrendous customer service and the usual drunk Vegas crowdIt's Vegas, so you expect folks to be loud, but we were given a room next to 3-4 women who were so loud that someone else called security on them around 9:30pm.  I would have let that slide, it being only 9:30pm.  The ladies then went out around 10.  At 1:30am, some preciously drunk fellows were going up the hall, having a hard time finding their room because, it turns out, they were on the wrong floor. Hilarious and therefore forgivable.  Around 3am, the ladies next door came home.  One of them vomited, which was clearly audible through the paper-thin walls.  Then she rallied, and, along with the others, decided to continue the party in the room!  What fun for them.  At around 4am, my husband asked them to quiet down, which they declined to do, so we then called the front desk and security, both of whom seemed impatient with us for calling.  Security said they'd send someone up.  At 4:20am, security hadn't yet shown up, and having run out of patience with being unable to sleep, my husband went down to the front desk and persuaded them to let us change rooms and have a late check out so we could get some sleep.  They agreed.  At 4:27, we left for our new room, and saw security on our way to the elevator.  Bright side: they actually sent someone, albeit with a 27-minute response time.We later received a bill for about $20 more than the original price of our room.  I called to complain, and after getting out of the voicemail maze, which initially sent me to "Paris" hotel instead of "Harrah's," I received yet a second phone number for billing, where a man named Joe said "sometimes the front desk charges you for things. I couldn't tell you what that's for."  His supervisor assured me that the charge was a surcharge for booking on a debit card (we booked on a credit card).  Then he firmly let me know that we'd be charged the extra money.  So there it is.  A fairly miserable night for $20 more than the original price.  I did appreciate the whole extra one hour of sleep though--so generous of them.For the love of $20, they guaranteed that I'll never stay in any Harrah's or any of it's affiliate hotels.
4	I rarely come to this Harrahs but when i do visit my experience is usually pretty good this was my first visit in like over 5 years i just usually don't make it one of my stops it just so happens i went to the Linq and also the bus stop was in front of this casino. I think i may make this one of my stops once in a while. Since i frequent the San Diego one once a month lol. Keep it in the family
4	If you're looking to do Vegas on a budget and won't be in your hotel room much, Harrah's is one of the places you need to check out.The location is fantastic, as it's right in the middle of the Strip. The rooms, while a bit on the smaller side, are clean, and the casino consistently appeals to low-limit players. There are ample $5 table games, and the race and sports book is one of the most underrated on the Strip (unfortunately they took over what used to be one of the most underrated poker rooms on the strip when they expanded it a few years ago!). I'll also recommend the buffet, which is fairly cheap ($20 for lunch, $25 for dinner) and very consistent in quality.Harrah's isn't a five-star property, but consistency goes a long way with me. I can honestly say I have never had a bad experience here, and that counts for a lot.
4	I was in Vegas for 3 days and 2 nights with my family and boyfriend recently and my mom told me she reserved the rooms when it was $35 per night! WOW! Anyway, it was located in the main crowded part of Vegas (across Ceasar's Palace and next to Venetian) which was great because i can freely walk around and see the nightlife. It's also next to the Quad (new hotel) and the Linq (location of high roller) which is also convenient! Just saying, I mostly walked throughout the whole trip because everything is near the hotel.My hotel room was on the 28th floor and it was very nice and comfy. I also had a great view of the mirage and at night, I'm able to see the fire show without having to go out and see it since it's BURNING IN VEGAS (110 degrees!!!). The food here was pretty good. I really like the gourmet burgers, but it was so expensive (not surprised). I did the Buffet of Buffets pass and I got to try their buffet on my last night. The food there was pretty good, but I wish there were more selections. Another bad thing is that it's located right next to the casino slots so while I was waiting in line, I was inhaling cigar smoke and I can't believe how gross it is that the smoke has to be near food.This hotel isn't meant for 21 and under since there's not much to do here, but swim in their pool and eat the food that's offered around the hotel. Luckily, it has a great location and affordable,.location: 11/10food: 8/10staff/service: 9/10
3	I switch between staying at Harrah's and other Total Rewards casinos when I go to Vegas. But I always visit here at least two or three times during my visit. The appealing thing about this place is that it is right in the middle of the strip where a lot of action goes down. They also have a good buffet, a great comedy club in the Improv, and plenty of low-limit gambling options. The nightclub outside is also a fun hang for Las Vegas locals. It's also right next door to a legit food court that has Chipotle and pizza. And right on the other side is The Quad, Flamingo and LINQ area for other options. If you're staying at Harrahs you might not leave that area for your whole trip.
2	Fun to Play - but not to Stay.You get what you pay for - Harrah's is not the worst place to stay, it's a great price for the location Center Strip, but the rooms, especially the bathrooms are small (though you do get a small balcony if you stay in the Mardi Gras tower.  Their check in desk is hands down the slowest in Las Vegas (i've stayed all over the strip, and it's not even close)  The hotel amenities are among the worst on the strip.  Their pool is super small and has maybe 50 chairs available (great for place with close to 1000 rooms).  The spa was just awful, standing water everywhere a sauna that never got hot and a hot tub that all but required quarters to keep it going.  On the brightside - Harrah's is a fun place to gamble, the dealers are fun and table mins are low and the cocktail waitresses are on top of thing.  Their sports book, while not the biggest is pretty nice as well.
4	Our one-night stay after three nights in Laughlin was such a great time. Harrah's is in a good spot on the strip if you want to do some quality drunken exploring, like the Monorail. Was there one or did I dream it? Deducting one star for not having Peet's in the lobby. That's my policy. Thanks for the excellent end to the vacation.Oh, the rooms were very clean. The air conditioning ever present but unobtrusive. There was a ginormous ferris wheel directly out of the back window, which I did not expect. Huh, okay where's the craps.
1	I would never recommend this hotel to anyone!! We have never been able to get into our room and we have to wait for security to come let us in each time. This is absolutely the worst hotel that I have ever stayed at and this is the worst service I have ever received. An engineer is working on our lock at 4am in the morning instead of them simply putting us in another room (which has not been an option). We have been down to the lobby many times to explain that our key doesn't work, security tested it as well and we have now gone through 9 room keys, none of which work. The compensation offered does not even come close to matching the frustration we have experienced. I am hoping that a different manager is able to resolve this situation but we will see. I will note that my review is specifically related to the management of this hotel and not the staff. Again, as a reminder, do not stay here!
4	Pros: pillow-top mattresses, courteous staff, strip locationCons: nothing major I can think ofWe needed to book an extra night as place to rest since we had a red-eye home and needed a nap and shower before our flight (fail on our pre-planning). They have a nice, large casino, wide array of games. Staff was friendly. It's a middle-of-road as for overall quality, had lot's of college age clientele, so prepare accordingly.
2	I recently stayed here on a quick 2 night trip to Vegas. All I know is thank god we had our room comped because I would definitely not pay to stay here.The only good thing about this location is the location. I can walk across to Caesars with ease along with The Mirage, Venetian and Wynn. Aside from that I didn't enjoy anything at the hotel. This place definitely needs a makeover. No theme to the casino as opposed to other hotels. The gambling options are limited and the slots are outdated. I like to play video blackjack and roulette and they didn't offer either in the hotel. Luckily The Quad is just a couple steps away and that's where I got my gambling fix while sticking to my Total Rewards loyalty.As far as food options, the ones in the hotel are mediocre but thanks to it's location you have so many places around you for good eats. Check in took a while even waiting in the Total Rewards club line. I thought it was also odd that the front desk agent uniforms were just crossing guard vests.We got "upgraded" to a nicer room located in the Mardi Gras tower. If this is an upgrade I don't want to even think of what our original room looked like.I was excited to see how much nicer the room would be but it felt just like your basic room. We had a nice view of the pool and new attraction The Linq. The hardest part about being in the room was the struggle for phone reception! No wifi offered either. My cousins and I had to be close to the balcony to get any reception!Overall it's great location but other than that the gambling options, atmosphere and rooms just bring this location down. I would choose the Flamingo rather than Harrahs. They're about on par in terms of price and what they offer, but Flamingo has better gambling options and a nicer pool.
2	I was part of a large group staying here for a weekend. Virtually every person was displeased with their room in one way or another. Our room had a solid strip of dust at the base of the wall.  The hallway on our floor looked like it had not been vacuumed in a long time. I ran into one of the housekeeping staff and expressed my displeasure in the lack of cleanliness in the hotel and her response was "oh". Very disappointed since we have stayed at their location in San Diego and it is a top notch hotel so we expected similar from Vegas but we were wrong. Won't stay there again.
2	This place was alright if it wasn't for the claustrophobic feeling I got. This place made me feel as though I was in a little cave due to the treatment on the already low ceilings and crowded areas. The outside was pretty impressive though. I think I prefer places with higher ceilings.
2	One star for location and one star for my maid cleaning my room when I said "clean my room please".. Out side of these two stars this place gets a no stars....  I will say the place needs a serious makeover. Being treated at the front (back) counter in construction yellow vests with reservations and room not ready to rude as hell 2am restaurant servers, I will never choose Harrahs again. 4 nights $520, not well spent.From the carpet dirty and wet, fridge was a disaster (see photo), to the Premier High Roller View being pretty lame I'm confident in saying Motel 6 may have been better. Slots were good, tables not good. Getting a drink while playing wasn't always the fastest.The restaurant had bad service, an individual puked on the floor and instead of cleaning it up they put chairs around it. 15 minutes at least with no clean up. Can't take food to go unless you sit down. Terrible service.I saw they were upgrading and remodeling so possibly they will take advice from their customers and make for a better hotel.More photos to come!
1	Checking in, the lady was rude.  Reserved on the internet 2 adjoining rooms & that did not happen.  The go into 1 room & it was dirty.  Trash on the floor and someone had obviously been laying on the bed. Towel on the floor in the bathroom. Then went to my Mamas room, the a/c was not working.  The refrigerator was not working & had mold all in it.  The smell that lingered in the room was nasty.  The worst first impression ever!!!
3	No wonder for the discount and upgraded room no one likes construction and room cleaning walking in at 11 am when your getting dressed to have lunch and go out lol. Great location btw. Smack in the middle of the strip, where new Vegas was starting out. Treasure island Caesars palace and Venetian and palazzo in easy walking distance put a little work in for the stratosphere on the north or Mandalay on the south don't be a baby. Pool is classic and beautiful if you know how to enjoy the classicness of it. A penny slot broke on me though. But your roulette table made it up big time great service. Good place like the the classic theme. Clean restrooms.
2	The hotel itself if fine.The internet is horrible. Most pages won't load, if they do it takes 3-4 minutes.
1	This place doesn't care about you at all. They will make you wait in line for an hour to check in with no apology or recognition of your patience, and they will ask you to move rooms and they will erase your keys without warning. They caused me to miss 30 mins of a conference I was attending when they erased my keys, locking out my poor husband in the middle of the day. I'd had a reservation since April, that they explained doesn't actually reserve anything for you.Never coming back.
1	Worst hotel experience of my life!  Adjoining room requests were not fulfilled and we were told to come back the next day to get them.  When we did they said we were all set and to pick up the keys later in the day as one of the rooms still needed to be cleaned. When we went back later that day to pick up the keys, they had given the adjoining room away to someone else.   Our room air conditioning didnt work so maintenance came and changed the air filter which was disgustingly caked in dust and dirt. I have never seen an air filter as filthy as this one.  I asked him why the air filters aren't changed at regular intervals and he replied "they are behind", yeah like 4 years behind!  Also the air conditioning is on a movement sensor so it totally shuts off when you are not in the room  so you get to walk into a room at the end of the day in the mid-80's.  Then it takes all night to cool down before it heats up again the next day when it shuts off while you are away.  We had 117 degree heat while we were there and they shut off the air conditioning????  Two of the electrical outlets were loose and one was completely broken with wires sticking out.  Another call to maintainence so it can be fixed so I can both use it and the safety hazard is corrected resulted in the maintenance guy telling me "you will be fine till checkout". We werent checking out for 6 more days.  When I said no I wanted it fixed so I could use it  he asked me if I was insisting on him fixing it.  I said yes and he left.  Then later all of a sudden power was cut off to our room without any warning to us and he showed up at the door a few minutes later to change the outlet.  Would have been nice to be warned the power was going to be shut off as I was just about to get into the shower.  Internet was undergoing a "transition" so there was no internet available in the room but yet I was still charged a $20+ resort fee which was supposed to include the internet.  When I complained about all of these problems, initially they said they would remove the internet portion from my bill and thats all they would do!  The place overall was a pig sty, garbage in the elevators which was never cleaned, many of the slot machines not working, overall dirty and disgusting everywhere.  I would NEVER stay here again and recommend everyone keep away to save yourself aggravation.
5	First time ever in Vegas, I'm satisfied that I'm spending my first night/dinner here.The lady at the service counter was not too friendly but the waiter is making up for it.Request waiter Adrian, he's very caring and has great customer service.Seafood, Japanese, Italian, Mexican, desserts galore. I'm enjoying my chocolate mint ice cream to end my dinner. :)
3	Only reason why I'm giving Harrah's 3 stars is because of the location. On the strip. Checked in on a Tuesday. Yes 9:30pm. Called 3 times that day to make sure I had a double non smoking. I understand they can't guarantee rooms but when I call at 7pm, tell me you don't have that room anymore. Got to hotel, had a king only. Miraculously a double NS came open but had to clean. Fine I'll wait "1 hour". More like 2. My reservation said $0 deposit but wanted to charge me $400. More than my hotel bill. ATM wouldn't take 8 digit pin. Mac of 6. Night manager, Antonio, had zero customer service skills. Asked where bank was located bc I have an 8 digit pin. His response "you have an 8 digit pin?" Sarcastically like I was making it up. Received 2 dinner buffet passes that closed at 10pm. Used later and have to say the Flavors buffet was awesome!  That's the only highlight. Reservation was for 8 days. Told front desk on Wednesday about tub being backed up and slow drain. Told them again on Thursday, fri, sat, sun. Decided to check out early on Monday. Went to let front desk know on Sunday we were leaving on Monday instead of Wednesday. Didn't even ask why!  Check out is at 11am. Monday at 10am maintenance guy BANGS on door and NOW wants to come fix. Told him we were leaving within the hour. He gets on the radio and like a kid says "the guests said they don't want me in the room". Huh?  Main sup calls and asks what the problem was. Really?!!  Told them they were about 5 days too late and we will be leaving shortly. Checked out and Slyvia did comp our resort fees only after charging the full amount to card. She was really nice but shouldn't a manager know how to work the computer system?  Stella, who was helping people at the front and handing out water was the most polite one there!  Like I said customer service at Harrah's is something they obviously do not take pride in. Went to different hotel on the strip and couldn't be more pleased!
5	The room is nice. Standard with balcony access for those that smoke. Lol. My room was clean and comfy. Bathroom was very clean too. Which is a plus for me. I use to inspect rooms for hotels, so I know exactly what I'm looking for when I step in a room.Sad to say but first thing I do when I check into a room is looking around the bed for bed bugs. Lol. None found here. Which made me look for other things. Lol. I found nothing. Not even a piece of hair from a previous guest. Lol. I know, I sound crazy but if you were trained to look for those kind of things this is good news.The staff and either manager or supervisor were on the floor during housekeeping services. Which tells me they really care about how well they do their job. Kudos, to the housekeeping team. You all did a fantastic job.Room amenities were great. Blow dryer works, iron works but was hard o use because it was attached to the iron board.The room would looks nicer if it was renovated to look more modern. I didn't hear any noise of construction on my floor but heard my friend got his room moved from the 4th floor to something on the 20 something floor.I was on the 4th floor Mardi Gras side. One night we came back to our room but was looked out. Not sure why but that was strange. Had to get security to bring us another set of keys. Security was pretty quick too. So excellent service, room and clean all the way around.
2	FILTHY DIRTY !!  Disgusting and filthy dirty carpets in the guest rooms.  These carpets haven't been shampooed since they were installed ions ago.  GROSS !!  My white socks were pure black after walking around sock footed in the room.  No excuse for this.
4	Context is important when booking a hotel for Las Vegas. I wanted something cheap and near the Sand Expo. I got both at Harrah's. It was a hell of a deal, I got a room per night that was what a cab to the airport cost. I knew it was an older hotel that got some renovation so my expectations were set.The staff were great, check in was easy and they were polite. The porters were great when I left my bag with them for a few hours prior to my departure.They have some affordable choices for eats. Its a good location on the strip, you can get to the monorail if that's your thing. Overall it was a great experience though the motion activated a/c was a bit of a pain and the wifi was working but it lacked internet connectivity. They were midupgrade and as an IT guy I know that can be a bit of a pain.If you are looking for an inexpensive place but good quality, then stay here. Its not a luxury hotel but it fit the bill for somewhere to sleep during the IPCPR.
4	First time staying here. I was pretty surprised how much I enjoyed it.The rooms are nice and clean. The casino has a lot of different games. Bets are not to high.Perfect location if you want to walk to the Wynn area or if you want to walk to the Paris area. Would stay again!
3	Ok, it's Harrah's.  And it USED to be the flagship of Harrah's properties in Vegas but now it's kind of middle of the road.  Since Ceasar's is their flagship property, larger and more luxurious but Harrahs' will do in a pinch.I've had a few stays at Total Rewards Properties (Ceasars/Harrah's) recently.  Although an older property, and probably not the most luxurious of the Caesars Entertainment properties, it's surefire, and smack dab in the middle of the Strip action. Right across street from Ceasars, their Forum Shops, across street from Mirage, next door to the Quad (soon to become the Linq Hotel and Casino and NOT soon enough) and short walk to Flamingo.I stayed in the Carnival Tower by choice because the room was sizeably bigger than the Mardi Gras Tower, but it was an older room.  It will be remodeled eventually I'm told. My friends stayed in the Mardi Gras Tower, which have mini balconies, are non-smoking, and usually have awesome poolside views.  The location of that tower is a little closer to the casino and Strip as well. But I had a minor upgrade to the High Roller view room, I think, and it had an awesome view of the new High Roller attraction (Worlds tallest Ferris wheel temporarily). There are many different types of rooms and suites available in both towers, and the property is pet friendly.  My room was always kept really clean, and I was pretty surprised at the friendliness of the housekeeping staff.  Minibar unstocked.......left empty.  Could see where a mini fridge had been removed and my shower head had a small leak.  But noise didn't affect me and who wants to pay exhorbitant prices for minibar stuff anyway.  Downstairs they had several shops, well stocked for normal hotel shops, including clothing, to usual gift shop, to fair selection of alcohol. Casino is a little outdated.  An absurd kitsch statute of an older couple right in the middle of the entrance from the hotel to the casino that is comical and looks "comic"like, too.No problems with any staff members whatsoever, everyone's always been very friendly.  Especially security staff, who were plentiful, and Total Rewards staff, along with check in.  But I'm a little lucky there since I get to use the Platinum/Diamond check in which is separate from the general check-in lines........thereby avoiding QUITE a wait.  If I had any complaint at all it was at check out when the clerk had a hard time explaining how my points were deducted to pay my room charges.  But we worked it out.  And the cashier personnel were very, very helpful and accommodating.  And they remembered you, too!Fairly large casino, a little plain for me, but like I said they are in the process of remodeling the entire property in parts.  New food court coming.  But thought the games were a little stingy.  TOO MANY 6-5 Blackjack tables.........do NOT play 6-5 Blackjack.......that is NOT real blackjack.  But they also had regular 3-2 blackjack with good rules, though the table limits were a little higher.  Other amenities or restaurants include a gourmet burger place, called Kerry's I think, a Toby Keith Love this Bar and Grill, Flavor's Buffet was very good, very good servers, but a little overpriced for a Vegas Buffet..........my price was over $20, which I thought was a little high.  Starbucks abound.  Both floors.  And there is a monorail station on the second floor, too.  Outdoor Carnival Court that was rocking on weekend.  But though this place USED to have a Mardi Gras theme, I think it's lost that feel.Nice Piano Lounge near one of the entrances.  Fat (or Big?) Elvis impersonator.  Pic reflected.  Had a great "cover voice" and you should have seen all the older folks dancing to his music and having a good time!For the price I paid (Total Rewards partially comped) it's a great place, price and location.
4	This is not listed as one of the glamorous hotels in Vegas, but it is worthy of a stay.  Harrah's is in a great location right in the heart of the strip. It is within walking distance of all of the fancy hotels and casinos and is typically a fraction of the cost. The rooms are big and comfortable. It is also a convenient stop for the monorail. The casino itself is something to be desired, but you are never a 5-minute walk from a casino in Vegas.
2	Cheap hotel on the strip with an embarrassing atmosphere (circus? really?). Wi-fi in the room did not work, bathroom was sub-par compared to other hotels on the strip, but the beds were clean. The pool was warm (gross-warm), crowded, cloudy, and had an odd odor to it.The room keys were a joke. They worked for about half a day, then gradually required more and more swipes in order to enter the room. Turns out the magnetic strips were very weak and lost their coding pretty fast. We had to wait in line at customer service for 30+ minutes to get them recoded. Worked very well for the first half day again, but then suffered the same issue again. There were also a handful of people that had the same issue. I guess they are aware of this issue so they have a dedicated recoding line at the front desk, but that is not really resolving the issue.
4	Overall: Harrah's delivers exactly what you expect - a cheap price, a good location and a clean room. Remember Total Rewards members can check in early.From check-in (remember, Total Rewards members are able to check in early, others may have to pay a fee) to check-out, everything at Harrah's was as expected in our Carnival Tower room. The staff were all friendly and efficient. The rooms and facilities were clean, but dated. The WiFi worked fine.  The room worked fine in terms of air conditioning, water pressure, etc. The noise between rooms was non-existant. Harrah's is not a 5 star resort. It does not have a giant pool party scene. It does not have the strip's greatest restaurants. It does not have wild and crazy clubs. The catch is, Harrah's does not claim to have any of this and should not be judged poorly because of it. Instead, when you judge Harrah's for what it claims to have, Harrah's is in a good location, has cheaper amenities (food, table limits, etc) and has cheap rooms.  You are coming here to save money on your hotel, and have to understand that it will not give you the same experience as the Aria or Wynn.I would stay at Harrah's again if I were looking for budget accommodations in this part of the strip. It is exactly as advertised, and for the price can be much cheaper than the surrounding hotels (with the exception of the Quad).One tip: If looking for a quick bite to eat there are many options in the Linq area. You can quickly get here by walking through Harrah's to the Quad. We tried the pizza-by-the-slice place, the "haute doggery" and Sprinkles (cupcake ATM). Both were very good considering the time of day that we went. The food court at Harrah's was under construction when we were there, so this was the best option for quick dining.
1	Checked in on Friday with a high roller view and the gave us the Mardigra tower...The WORST EVER!! Can't even see the High roller unless u go out the patio, tje room we got is more of the pool view and the worst part is it's next to the Carnival (a club tent), u can hear the music so loud and it doesn't end till 4am!! We got in our room around 10pm to get some rest coz we have plan to get up really early to do some activities and to start the day early but it was a fail!! Coz we we're just in bed awake until 4am when the party stopped at that Carnival...so we went tothe front desk to switch rooms coz there's no way we're gonna sleep there and then leave the next day...the manager (asian) gave us another room but she insist that our previous room was the high roller room (check the pic) and we requested for a late check out, so she extended till 1pm BUT NO APOLOGIES OR NOTHING!! Worst customer service ever!! We came here and lost gambling here at harrah's and we didn't even get any good customer service for not having a good stay at this hotel!! I've been staying at Pallazo and Venitian and their front desk people are the best!! Not to mention the best rooms!! If u gamble don't waste ur money to any total rewards casino!! Go to MLife or Grazie!! Stay away from Total rewards!!
3	I stayed in the high roller room in the Mardis Gras tower and had a great view of the swimming pool, Caesars Palace, the high roller, and a few things on the strip (if you stretch your neck on the balcony). The only problem is that if you don't like loud music at 11pm, then you're not going to get any sleep. I didn't mind. I was so tired from my Real Estate conference that I would knock out as soon as I got to my room but I would wake up every now and then to the sounds of the DJ at the outdoor bar and the guy on the mic would say, "FREE SHOTS" and I would think, that might be fun.. and then go back to sleep. The room was contemporarily decorated. Everything seemed modern and updated. And clean. The only complaint is the housekeeping. She didn't empty my trash. I was staying there solo so my room was super clean. Just because it looks like I didn't touch it doesn't mean the housekeeper should forget her duties. It wasn't until I made it clear that my room was messy and moved the trash to the middle of the room that it was emptied. Also she shouldn't refill my toiletries and I kept having to call housekeeping for basic items and towels. The pool is fun and equipped with a giant chess board. There's a shallow pool and I'm not sure if it's a kiddie pool or an adult pool because it's only 2 feet deep but there are a bunch of adults in it and there's no sign to tell you the difference. Oh well. I brought my kids into it. Overall my stay was pretty nice although the housekeepers need to be more efficient.
2	I got sick after a day being there real quick. I wondered why? I took my 3rd shower and actually paid attention to the Shower head. The metal backing was broken but. most importantly the head was diseeased, and clearly the reason i got sick and felt like i was drunk without even drinking yet. The whole room was pretty dirty especially the whole bathroom. 17th floor. I went to get my room changed. I got one with an amazing strip View on the 24th floor YEAH!!! The bathroom was much cleaner, but the shower did not have hot water...... I could not win with these rooms. I gave it two stars, because I was able to do the Ice Bucket challenge easily by just jumping in the shower. Thanks for my making my challenge a lot easier Harrahs.Casino/Dealers were cool thoughBasically Vegas was good to me.. while my Hotel tried to kill me.Note: I started feeling better when moved to the new room on the 24th floor. The pictures of the shower head will make you throw up.
2	Check in dates: 8/29/13-8/31/14Two reservations at this hotel. I was treated very poorly by their supervisor Joy. She did not have any good customer service skills and was not able to accommodate me for my complaints. Instead of helping the situation, she wanted to get rid of me quickly. I will never recommend this hotel to any of my friends, family. Beware, they only want your money. The iron was not working, poor lighting in the room, poor wall mount connections, and i was given a two queen bed when i originally purchased and reserved king bed! On top of that, i get a call from another manager Monday morning who Apologized and offered to refund back resort fees, stated that i would see it back in two days. To this day, i still have not received my refund back. I will be writing a letter of complaint to their corporate office. This is unfair customer service!
1	Worst Hotel ever!!! Drunks next door can't handle the liquor and threw up enough to clog the toilet but didn't stop it and it ran all into the hall and started seeping in our room. So housekeeping shows up with a shop vac which couldn't even handle the job!! They bring in bigger equipment to suck it up but the guy spills what he had sucked  up back out on the floor!! So after all that we get to listen to a blower all night!! All this at 3am!! Yes I called the manager but on top of that our phone in the room didn't work (they could hear me but I couldn't hear them) and the window in our room was broken,it was hanging on one hinge! The only money they gave us back was for that night BUT not all of it,they kept the "resort fee" of $24.00. Terrible management,terrible food,terrible rooms!!! Think twice about staying at this one. The ole saying "you get what you pay for" definitely applies here!! Never again! (I said that last time when I had a problem) I mean it this time!Doesn't deserve a star at all!!!!
1	Very disappointed customer. We spent the weekend here at harrahs And decided that after walking the strip we would see the show "defending the cave man" which was a very funny show... Anyways, I decided that while being Vegas I did not want to show up to this show 30 min ahead of time as suggested , since the seats are ASSIGNED seating.... So I purchased the closest available seats which were around $50 a ticket. The back seats were $40. I paid the difference so I could show up exactly when the show starts and not have to worry about getting good seats... Remember it's ASSIGNED seating... Well guess what, we show up at 7 (starts at 7) and the lady sat us in the back ... So I go back outside and tell her that's not what I paid for. She states (these seats looked comfy for you two) and because my seats were already taken. After enjoying the show I complained to the box office who offered little help, only to refund me the difference of seats I was given... But to do that they had to refund me and charge me again.... (3 days to process) So now I'm down $100 while in Vegas. While In the room I called JOY the hotel manager who explained what they did was not right and would fix the situation.... Well she didn't... She said since my room was bought through American Express credit card they would not help us with any comps or refunds... Also the box office in harrahs hotel is not a part of the harrahs hotel as she stated so she cannot help me with this situation at all. She was nice enough to give me a food and beverage credit to the hotel... But guess what were leaving, so we can't use it... Thanks for nothing. In a jungle full of competitive hotel service, harrahs lost my business. As for the rooms, clean.... But the pillows were hard and the beds were harder. Will not be visiting harrahs in the future.
1	OH MY GOD..THE INTERNET IS SOOOOOOOOO SLOW.  It's impossible for you to work here if you wanted to come to Vegas for a conference or whatnot and get some work done at the same time.  It's just impossible.  I just ran a speedtest and got .54download and .49 upload.  Mind you, I've traveled through Central America, through 3rd world countries, and was able to get at least 3mb download.  This is just terrible and unacceptable.  I even called down to the front desk to see if they offered a paid internet service that is faster and they do not.The room is fine, we're currently staying on the 5th floor in the Mardi Gras tower and have no complaints there, but due to the fact that I have to work the internet situation overshadows the entire stay.  I'm going to have to find an internet cafe to work from if I plan on getting anything done.
3	Id like to like this place a bit more but there are many flaws: the sports book area sucks and tonight, the bartender was rude and couldn't speak English. Then got nasty with me cause he wasn't understanding my SIMPLE question. He literally told me to go elsewhere. Good luck all. Room may be okay for price but guaranteed that they're going to treat you second rate around here.
3	Stayed Here Last Night For One Night 9/23/14. We Had A Free Room Comp And Didn't Wanna Go Home Just Yet. There Really Isn't Much To Say Except The Room Was Very Clean And The Beds Were Super Comfortable. We Stayed On The 29th Floor In The Carnival Tower And Had An Awesome View Of The High Roller Ferris Wheel. The Casino Is Slowly Being Upgraded They Just Opened A New Food Court And They Have New Carpet And Paint, It Also Smells Good Not All Smokey. I Would Be Back Again It Is In A Great Location.
4	Since I am not a gambler this review does not speak to the gambling at Harrah's, but to my stay at the hotel. The rooms were not amazing, 5-star rooms, but for what we paid we found them to be very good. Definitely better than the other rooms we had paid the same price for previously. The room we were in had a large bathroom and nice shower. Plenty of space to do makeup and hair. Cleaning staff was helpful, but did come late in the day around 4 pm so if you want them to come earlier this may be something you have to specially request. I did not eat much at Harrah's but it was close to a lot of other restaurants  which was nice. Pretty much the best part about this hotel was its awesome location on the strip. If you are looking for a good place to stay in Vegas and don't want to spend a ton of money I would definitely recommend staying here!
3	Easy simple access, cozy casino and mid strip convenient.. No frills..
1	Jason price.. Was the most discussing individual I have ever met.. Won over 5k and was asked to leave.. Super winner great hire.. Hid his name tag wouldn't tell us his name.. Asked for his manager and basically told us to get the fuck out.. Then his manager.. (Who gave us a fake card) didn't help much. Super casino guys..
2	I attended a work conference here and was dreading staying at the hotel. From prior experiences, my family and I have had issues every time we stayed here- from loud neighbors to a non- draining shower. Conveniently the conference rooms are nearby and the food breaks were located in the buffet. The conference rooms were spacious and comfortable. When my guest and I checked into our room, the noise from the a/c was super loud. I requested another room and when we transferred it was the same thing. Couldn't sleep at night and was very uncomfortable. The hotel is conveniently in the middle of the strip so it was nice to walk around after the conference. Some if my association colleagues were smart to reserve nicer rooms in other neighboring hotels.
3	There is something that irritates me about this place.. Can't really put my finger on it but I just recently had a friend of mine come out here for a work conference and they put him up in the madi gras tower and the rooms are exactly what you pay for. I think the fact that 2-3 different hotels all share the same entry is the most ridiculous thing and if you are driving north on Las Vegas blvd make sure that you don't miss your turn for this place because it's so hidden.. The feel of it is just old and they may have done some renovations and stuff but for a person like me who generally doesn't stay in a hotel less than 4 stars this wouldn't be the ideal type of place you'd want to stay! It's not the worst vegas had but for damn sure isn't the best! If you're looking to do vegas on a budget with still having some ok kinda accommodations than book here!
1	The hotel itself is conveniently located in the center of the strip and the no-frills rooms are fairly modern and well-maintained, minus the phones. Since there is no WIFI (yep), make sure you add the personal hotspot option to your cell phone service so you won't be without internet service for the duration of your trip. Diamond Club check-in is pointless, for those wondering. It still took me 20 minutes to check in because they only had two desks open.Now, on to the food, which is the primary factor leading to my 1-star rating.Every year, my company holds a week-long convention at this hotel and since I'm hard at work, I rarely get to leave. I'm lucky if I get to eat one meal outside of Harrah's. Up until this year, I would pretty much survive off room service and Ming's Table, which is now gone, thanks to the brand new Fulton Street Food Hall which looks nice, but with the exception of their slow-as-shit salad bar, is pretty much useless to me.This year, I was forced to order room service more than previous years and I was shocked... SHOCKED... at it's drastic decline. First of all, they now stop serving breakfast at 11am.WHO THE FUCK WAKES UP BEFORE 11AM IN VEGAS????????So remember... if you're rolling in from the club, drunk as fuck at 6am... congratulations! You can get your mushroom omelet, you lucky son-of-a-bitch. Secondly, they have scaled down the room service menu so substantially since last year that your only food options between 11am and 11pm are all pre-made sushi ($17-20 per roll), pre-made sandwiches ($12-16 with no sides), or pizza ($20). They have a couple salads on the menu, but since those are pre-made too, don't bother asking if you can add chicken to the Caesar salad because the answer is no. Between 11pm and 6am, your room service food options are... nothing. They're closed. I tried ordering the roast beef wrap twice and both times, they were out of them. However, one of those times, the woman who took my order called me back after 20 minutes of ordering to deny me. The pizza (which comes from the Fulton Street Food Hall) was an oversauced, practically cheeseless disaster. If you must order food via room service between 11am and 11pm, go for the Italian panini ($16) which was the only decent item they served me all week. If you want a side of fries with it though, that'll cost ya an extra $9.Philip, the guy who delivered my food up to me 9 out of 10 times, was as friendly and pleasant as could be, and this room service review is in no way a dig on him.I used to enjoy ordering a burger from KGB or even a steak or pasta dish up to my room. What a disappointment.A year ago, I probably would have given Harrah's three stars. I've heard my company has yet to renew our contract with them for next year and I sincerely hope we decide not to.
4	The price of this hotel and the location are unbeatable. The staff was also super friendly and attentive. My only gripe with this hotel is that the walls were super thin. However,if your in Vegas you probably won't be in your room for very long !
1	Harrah's the 80's called, they want there stanky hotel back. The ugliest check in experience ever! A giant gold topomap of the USA with a fiber optic light twinkling for each location. Out of style the dsy it went in 30 years ago. The walk through you will find the cheesy high glitter over priced shiny costum jewelry.  The smell is that of a 30 year old ash tray. The uniforms, brand in general is just terrible. On to the room...torn carpet in the hallways to set the mood...musty cigarette smell in our non-smoking floor. The room was so ugly with the laminated plastic furniture with peeling edges from lack of maintaining.  Stickers removed from the old honor bar...residue remaining so you can see you got your $250 dollar a nights worth. The bed was high by our feet and was so soft and tired you sank into a hole. No water in the room.  The A/C's auto function didnt work. The tub shower combo was slimmy on the floor because it didnt drain as fast as the water filled up the tub. I felt dirty after the shower. Toilets flushed with 10 gallons of water, so ungreen! The only thing good in the entire place is the Fulton bar/restaurant.  Its nicely designed and the food/service is on par. Its the only clean feeling spot in tge entire place. Don't waste your money here...it will irk you for your entire trip!
2	Harrahs Casino in Las Vegas, what can I say. Went here for a bachelor party and it's the only reason why I would stay in such a dumpy hotel. Don't get me wrong, if you're trying to save a buck and go with your bits it's great, if you are going with a female stay anywhere else. On top of that the hold that they place on your account won't be returned to you until after the ten business days that they tell you and ONLY after you call and remind them. "Sorry sir, I see that it's here it was just never completed." Lol of course it wasn't... Anything to try and take a buck from ya.
1	Gross. I opted for the upgraded "luxury" room.  Nothing luxury about it.  Rooms are very old and tired. Probably the last room renovations in the late '90s.  Everything in the room is beat up, old and/or stained.  Also, one of the smallest rooms I've ever stayed in. The elevators were gross - also very outdated, worn, scratched, dinged, dented and beat the hell up.  The pool looks like a small hotel pool, except you get to swim with the elderly.  Just tear this sh*thole down already
2	This was the first time I ever stayed at Harrah's and it will definitely be the last.  While the place has a few things going for it (the price was right, the room was nice enough and you can't beat the location), overall my experience there sucked.It wasn't any one thing - it's just that there's really nothing at Harrah's to recommend it over any of the other hotels on the strip.  Most Vegas hotels have one area or another where they excel (the Flamingo has great pools, the Mirage has a great sports book, Caesar's has great shops and restaurants, etc.), but Harrah's has nothing to set it apart.The sports book is small and cramped, as is the poker room.  There aren't a lot of great restaurants.  Half the cocktail waitresses look like they could have known Bugsy Siegel personally.  And the pool?   Well, my room had a view of the pool, and I was puzzled as to why it was empty the first day we were there.  That is, until my brother went down and found that the layout of the pool is such that it hardly gets any sun.  I'm not a pool person anyway, but my brother is, and he ended up going down and paying $15 to use the Flamingo pool.But the biggest issue I had with Harrah's was that the parking situation was a nightmare.   Right behind the hotel is a little fairground area with a ferris wheel and a few other rides.  This is fairly new, as it wasn't there the last time I was in Vegas.  Anyway, they were holding some kind of food fair there last week, and it wreaked absolute havoc on the parking.  One night, I tried to enter the parking lot from the Strip, but for some reason, that entrance was blocked, so I had to go around the block and in the back entrance...it took me close to an hour.  Another night, I couldn't leave the hotel by car because the cars trying to exit the garage were backed up all the way up the ramps.  Couldn't get a cab either, as there was a huge line of people waiting and very few cabs showing up.Also adding to the parking nightmare was the fact that with all the recent construction, there are now four hotels (Harrah's, The Quad, The Linq and the Flamingo) whose parking garages all funnel out to a common exit.  Like I say, getting in and out of there now is a nightmare.If you just want an affordable room, centrally located on the Strip, then you may like Harrah's.  If you're renting a car though, stay away!
4	I love Harrah's!  They always take very good care of me and my entourage everytime I stay here.  During this stay, I was here for 5 nights and enjoyed each and every night (and day) I stayed.For all those folks that did not enjoy their stay, the trick is to stay in the Carinval Tower, it costs a bit more but the rooms are so much better.I'll be back!
3	I have to give a shout out to Marlene who fixed my mom's reservation.  She moved the erroneous hotel comp from Paris to Harrah 's.  The bathroom was unusually small.  On the actual floor,  one of the drinks girls denied my request for bottled water.  My mom was playing a slot machine, the black girl claimed that "they" don't give water to just anyone.  Needless, to say I was very disappointed in the customer service because I took my mother to Harrah 's because that's where I would normally expect my mother to be treated very well.
4	I have a soft spot for Harrah's.  It's nowhere I hang out on a regular basis or by far not my favorite hotel but, I always park here!  It's a fairly easy in and out to the parking garage for most of the casinos on the strip, just keep going past the old couple statue with their money bags in the center and on through, up the escalator and  past Toby Keith's Bar and and you're out to your car within 5 mins of entering the casino.  Next best thing is it's pretty mid strip!  you can go so many directions to so many better casino's from here.  Also, it's been around for awhile and part of my favorite parts of The Strip are not only it's fancy parts but, it's divey casinos too!  Just like this one!  Also, let me add as I fill out the few other questions about this casino......LEAVE YOUR KIDS AT HOME!  I am sickened when I see children under 15 in casinos especially late at night!  What is wrong with you parents, yes I am judging you for dragging your kid through a casino at 1 am, you're a demented person!I see this a lot at casinos out in Vegas!
1	You cannot park there!! There was a security guard posted at the parking garage and he refused to let us come and spend our money at Harrahs! We were meeting friends for drinks at Toby Keiths and then some gambling. The security guard said "no room key no parking" I could not believe it! His name was Conrad or Conway something like that. I explained the situation and he said "do you know how many stories I've heard today". So we went to the Linq and called our friends to join us there. It was amazing! Thank you Harrahs for forcing us to go somewhere else! We will go straight there from now on! Good job!
2	Although they have free wifi I have tested the network and it's under 400 kbps so your LTE network is faster. They do accept dogs at $75 per night. The pool is closed for the winter (which I didn't know before checking in. ) Oh, and they charge to have the mini fridge installed. The good thing about Harrahs is that it is on the strip and people are friendly with dogs!! ;)
3	This is strictly for our gambling experience there, this past Saturday while sitting at the Blackjack table. Casino floor was nice and didn't look dirty or dingy. Where we were at apparently used to have some go go dancers, but not this time. The tables were pretty close to the street, so it was open and the air was flowing and even though people were smoking, it didn't smell smokey at all. There was a young Russian looking pit boss in a suit that was a little bit of a butthead and getting all mad at us taking pictures at the table, but there was a nice guy by the name of Norberto that was funny and nice to all of us first time blackjack players.  My only complaint about the night is that the cocktail waitresses need to learn how to mind their own business when it comes to who or why someone is tipping when getting the complimentary drinks. It's not her place or none of her business to tell us that we were taking advantage of another players generosity because she wasn't complaining about the tips that she was getting from him. We met a nice fellow from Oklahoma who must be a regular there because all the dealers knew him. Glenn from OKC kept tipping Breezy the cocktail waitress all night because she was bringing him shots of Hypnotiq all night, and he wouldn't let anyone of us tip, even when we tried. Overall, it was a good experience, and I think I'd like to maybe stay here one day.
1	What a dump.I can't believe I dropped more than $200/night to sleep in a hotel room that smelled like a 78-year-old chain smoker's yellowed fingernail.  Did I ask for a smoking room?  No.  Did they just shove me in one without asking my preference?  Yes.Perhaps it's my fault for using the HotelTonight app.  But of all the hotels I've boooked with that app, this one was the absolute worst.Harrah's is totally state of the art for 1942.  Slow-ass, rickety elevators.  One long, long line to check in, staffed by a maximum of two people.  A confusing parking structure with zero signage to help you get to the hotel.The room was stuffy and not remotely soundproof.  I could hear the Mirage volcano with absolute clarity every time it went off.Bulldoze this disgusting silo of sewage and replace it with a mildew-stained teepee.  It'd be an upgrade.
2	I wouldn't stay here again if you paid for my room.  A buddy and I stayed at Harrah's for 3 days from Thursday to Sunday.  He had a comped room due to his Total Rewards card, and I'd never stayed here before, so I thought we should try a new place.  That's what I get for trying new things I suppose.  My room was a standard room, and it was motel sized.  The door nearly hit the toilet when you would close it.  The shower never completely stopped running during my entire visit.  I tried to pull the water temperature handle tight and this didn't work.  I tried to fiddle with the switch that turns on the shower.  The good news (I guess) is that when I closed the door it was a soft enough drip that I didn't hear it in the room and wasn't disturbed.  Also, the water pressure was awful, so I never got a nice comfortable shower while I was there.My first day when I arrived in the room it was 74 degrees.  I like it cold, I usually set the thermostat at 65.  So, I set it at 65 before going to gamble for the afternoon.  Well, after we'd been out for awhile and I came back up to get ready for dinner the room was still 74.  So, I called the front desk and told them the issue, and they responded they'd send an engineer right up.  So, I go to dinner, go out for the evening, and do some gaming.  When I arrived at the room around 3:00 AM it was 79 DEGREES.  Somehow the engineer had figured the room was too cold, so he turned the heat up.  So, I had to wait for another engineer to come and change the thermostat setting at 3:30 in the morning.  The previous engineer hadn't just changed the thermostat, he did something to the system that I couldn't fix.  So, instead of going to sleep I had to wait for someone that could fix this issue.  Needless to say, this was incredibly annoying.  I will say Harrah's made it right by taking off my resort fees (which are a joke anyway, but that's Vegas-wide, so I can't blame Harrah's for that) and giving me a small food comp.  But, since I didn't like any of the restaurant choices, I didn't use all of the comp.  But, they did make it right, so I'll give Harrah's credit there.Harrah's has a Hertz rental desk on site which is nice.  Additionally, I can say that it's in a nice part of the strip, very close to Venetian, Mirage, and Caesars.  We spent the majority of our time at these three places.  Regarding restaurants, the steakhouse is Ruth's Chris, so I didn't eat there.  We did try the Oyster Bar for lunch, and it was okay.  I did not have the buffet, and in fact a security guard saw my friend and I walking that direction and told us not to eat the buffet.  We informed him we were going to the Oyster Bar, and he responded "good."  So, even though we weren't planning on eating at the buffet, that did not instill confidence.Regarding the gaming, Harrah's is a Caesars Resorts casino, so they have a lot of the "Millionaire Maker" games like Let It Ride, 3 Card Poker, Mississippi Stud, and Ultimate Texas Hold Em.  These games are $5 limits, and I will say Harrah's had a lot of them open during all hours of our trip.  So, it was nice to have a $5 Let It Ride table on a Friday night on the Strip.  But, this isn't specific to Harrah's, you can get this at other Caesars properties.  On the casino floor, the bathrooms were never clean, and they are too spread out.  Newer casinos have bathrooms placed better along the gaming floor.  I think this joint used to be nice, but time has not been kind.  I won't return.
1	This place is an absolute dump! I don't get how this place has so many good reviews!We have been to Vegas a few times and decided to try Harrahs.  We were told it wasn't fancy but clean...well that's not true! We were in the Mardi Gras tower. The 1st impression when we walked into out room was omg!!! I need to stay somewhere else! There was a heavy perfume smell as we walked in that was so powerful...next my eyes went straight to the bed where there was a big gross stain on the carpet...still I tried to relax and take it all in. There is adjoining doors to the room next to us which you can hear everything happening. To top it off a sticker saying at night please make sure to put the dead bolt on. There was an event on the Saturday and our room was $300 for the night...at that price I decided to complain. They were great about it and got us a new room.The new room was still in Mardi Gras tower but had a small balcony and had no odor. The new room was way cleaner and the hallway leading to our room was brightly lit compared to previous room.The only great thing about Harrahs is the location which is central to everything. The smoke became overwhelming...most casino's have great ventilation. If you don't smoke I highly recommend you don't stay here!OK next is the spa...they had a pumpkin  sugar pedicure for $60 that sounded nice. I went to the spa and they direct me to this little room with two pedicure chairs. This room is painted white with nothing in it. It was literally like a closet. Then as my pedicure is going on I notice the tools are in a dirty old make up box and the lady simply wiped off the tools and put them back in her kit. No disinfectant!  I was disappointed and disgusted. The spa was the worst experience I have ever had in a spa.They say they offer WiFi, it is so terrible if you need to use WiFi it Wil cost you! The free WiFi barely works. After our stay they refunded the incorrect amount for the deposit on our credit card after many phone calls we decided to cut our losses and forget the $27 they ripped off us. In vegas there is so many awesome places to stay Harrahs is not one of them!
1	Purchased weekend stay thru Expedia. Room was decent. Car window was broken into in their parking garage. Security took care of a report before I found out of break in. Case got transferred to Risk Management who will not return any phone calls about reimbursement. No good staying in a hotel when your car can be broken and stolen and they won't even answer your calls after they themselves filed the report. Car alarms were going off all through the night and heard in our room. Did not think one would actually be my car unfortunately. Find a hotel with parking security, saves you more money in the end.
3	Not really my style but the self park is pretty nice and easy!  Roof top 7th floor always open spaces and get view for High Roller selfies... I usually valet but realized I gamed all my cash on Keno the pervious night so self parked my first time being a female solo...well lite and nice.  Secondly I was meeting a friend at The LINQ and the carpet at Harrahs has these flowly lines that makes it impossible to get lost and swept down another nook... That's All!
2	Got a comped room for 3 nights here. First thought of driving through the parking garage was "damn, this place is OLD." We got a room in the Mardi Gras Tower, 9th floor with an awesome view of the parking garage. The room was an okay place to sleep but I didn't really feel compelled to stay in the room any longer than we needed to. It was the bare minimum of cleanliness, old, outdated, and just sad. The walls are paper thin, we could hear every door opening and closing and every conversation walking by. The carpet was disgusting, the bathroom door didn't close all the way, There's no way in hell I would've ever paid to stay in this hotel. Thank goodness it was freeeeeeeeee
4	Stayed here for a work trip so I did not have a choice in hotels at all. Hotel itself is in need of update/freshening up. The staff was incredible though. We had a drippy faucet in the tub and they moved us to a different room right away, they little convenience store near the lobby was always well stocked and everytime I went in there the employees were friendly and seemed happy. Valet was friendly and efficient when checking my luggage for the day after checkout. I left a jacket in the closet of my room and did not realize until I flew back home. Contact with lost and found was quick and easy They checked for my jacket, it was there and they are shipping it home to me right away. Not the fanciest hotel but it is made up for in the quality of service I personally received.
1	Very disappointed this time. Wanted a room with a balcony and was told it would be $15 more a night because the room has a plasma tv, pillowtop mattress and was newly renovated. Was ok with that and paid it. Get to room and it does not look newly renovated. Worst setup I've seen in a hotel room. Has a cabinet under the tv but cant use it because it is  taken up by two old mini bar fridges that you cant even use and aren't stocked with anything so that's a waste of space. No counter space at all  to set and alcohol or food or anything on. There is a very small table with two chairs that's in the way of getting in and out of  the door to the balcony. Upon staying I realized More and more things wrong. Air/heater doesnt work called to get it fixed, guy said he fixed it but it still doesn't work and not even gonna hassel with it anymore, light right inside the room is out, cigarette buts, door lock is broken and old beer cans on the balcony, sticker from clothes just stuck on the cabinet, and sheets have stains. There is a tv in the restroom but no remote for it. Overall house keeping needs to do a better job cleaning and if you say your room ins newly renovelated then that is a really poor job. Mechanics might need some more training too. Stayed at flamingo last time and had a much better experience.Tried to contact them by email about this bad experiemce and the link doesnt work so I have to write it on here.
1	As a diamond player, we typically check in at a different counter but this stay we didn't get into Vegas until 2am so we checked in at the regular counter. Now this has been the second time we checked in with the same Asian female named Jennifer. When we walked up, she made no physical attempt to let us know she could assist us. We went straight up to the counter, there was no greeting or even a smile. Heck I'd be okay with a smirk! But no. She just managed to say, "ID and credit card." She made no attempt at conversing or even looking at us. I believe she spoke a total of 15 words; ID and credit card, and your room is # in the carnaval tower past the jewelry shop. We're here about once a month and to have her be guests' first impression of the casino is ridiculous. I've never felt so uninvited. So Harrah's, put her somewhere else because customer service and hospitality is far from her strength.
4	My husband and I have stayed at Harrahs a few times. This time we brought our kids and booked a "classic" 2 queen bed room. This room is actually much quieter and bigger then their "high roller" or "premium" rooms, which is weird. There is no desk but there is a little table with 2 chairs. It's not fully updated but honestly it's not bad at all. I would book this room again if we had a choice of the other rooms. I didn't give 5 stars because the bathroom tub kept dripping water. It wasn't loud or anything but it was a minus.
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #22:this place is about what you would expect; a decent mid-scale option, but nothing great or glamorous to particularly recommend it; it's bigger than you think, as the casino section keeps sprawling on; there is a conference room area on the 2nd floor, but it looks dated & tired; the steakhouse is a Ruth's Chris, which is certainly worthy; the food court area is suprisingly upscale and unique, with different stations featuring different cuisines; there seems to be some country & western tie-in here, with a Toby Keith bar and a Jack Daniels bar with dueling piano chicks; best craft beer bet = surprisingly, Kerry Simon's KGB burger place has a disappointing beer list (though the food is good, and I love the sexy cartoon Russian spy girls on the walls); slightly better is a non-descript bar near the center of the casino which has quite a few taps
3	First off, I got my 5 nights comped. I had to pay the ridiculous resort fee ($24 a night). I m so glad I didn't have to pay more because this place isn't worth anymore. Like all other reviews say, location is fantastic, Employees are friendly, but the hotel is aging. Rooms are dated, and not cleaned thoroughly. We had to move rooms twice because the first two were filthy! In the second room we actually found dog food on the ground. Management said service dogs are allowed in rooms. All in all Harrahs is okay if u get a great deal but don't expect much because you won't get it.
5	We stay here at least once a year when we come for the National Finals Rodeo and we haven't been disappointed yet. The rooms are good and the staff is friendly. The only down fall was our rooms where not cleaned every day.
3	I stayed at the Harrah's from November 13th through the 16th. After reading all the Yelp reviews, I was a little skeptical but because I wasn't paying the board for my trip, I had to suck it up. It's one of the older hotels on The Strip and you can definitely tell this by walking down the hallway & paying attention to the carpeting but the lobby is actually in nice shape. It hosts a bunch of your typical souvenir shops but it also has a Starbucks, Massage area and jewelry boutique. They also have the Fulton Street Food Court that sells breakfast items, pastries, comfort food & pizza. I ate pizza once & it was just okay. We upgraded to a one bedroom suite with 2 beds and I have NO complaints on how the room was maintained when we got there or during our stay. We had a great view of the Highroller outside our room and the bathroom was gigantic! Perfect amount of space for 2 women to get ready! The housekeepers were actually very eager to clean our room but since my family members are not early risers, I had to ask her to come back a little later in the day. I have little to no gambling experience but I did manage to win $110 in less than 10 minutes! All in all, my experience was pleasant and even though I probably wouldn't book here on my own tab, I'm definitely coming back to gamble!
4	This review is for the Oyster Bar they have.  Haven't stayed at the hotel so I know nothing about it.  But the fact that I LOVE oysters makes me come here.  Between here and Palace Station's Oyster Bar...I rather come here.  Pan roast is BOMB!  Oysters are BOMB!  Only thing I don't like is the seating.  High top tables with high chairs.  I'm 4' 11" and them chairs are NOT easy to get up on after a few drinks.  Haha!
1	This Hotel is Great!!!   The employees that work here are all wonderful and friendly. The reason for the 1 star is for the RESORT FEE that has now gone up to $28 a night.I go to Las Vegas to gamble... I never use any of the so called amenities that this resort fee covers. (Spa, Gym, Pool, Wi-Fi , etc).  So, why am I being forced to pay for something I don't use???
3	I supose you get what you pay for and I know this isn't a top notch hotel but typically we stay at the Rio for a comparable price. I feel like every time we stop in more and more value is removed yet more and more cost is added. Coffee pots no longer exist, refrigerators no longer exist (however tell them you have medication that needs cold storage and they will get you one no questions asked) and comp have become non existant. Really Sad Vegas is turning into the cost of going to Hawaii; even for those of us that strike out bargains on everything...
3	The concierge person was so rude to us. I asked if there was WiFi and he replied with a rude no. There's no WiFi in the hotels. Like it's frocking Las Vegas. Only in the lobby.
2	Nice location. Cheap price. Good customer service. Room is outdated. Wifi is a big issue. You need to call the technician to set it up for you which takes around 5 minutes per device, though the technician is very patient and helpful. The speed is very (unbearably) slow at times, which is why I have this 2 minutes to write this review (my browser is still loading). If you need a cheap place to stay and don't need wifi too much, you can consider this hotel.
4	I spent 3 days and 4 nights at Harrahs just before Christmas, Went home  Christmas Day. This was my second Christmas in L.V. at Harrahs. I love being in the middle of the Strip,  My room was in the Carnival Tower, Ask to stay in Carnival Tower because it is newer than Mardi Gras Tower. I had a classic room, it was clean, quiet and from my window I  could see the  fire show at Mirage every half hour after dark and did'nt mind at all. Just closed the window, pulled the curtain and went to bed.I really have no complaints about Harrahs, they have been good to me, room wise but not casino! I guess if I were to have a complaint about Harrahs it would be the LONG lineup checking in.Anyway, think I will go back Dec/15. (
2	We did not stay here, but went to check out a show, walk around, etc. (We took the monorail.) The ventilation system is obviously quite old and the whole place reeked of stale smoke.
3	Nothing wrong with the casino itself but drinks at the bar are EXPENSIVE.And the other patrons there are rude, they walk like zombies and run right into you.
1	THIS HOTEL SUCKS. We decided to stay an extra night in Vegas and booked a room at the Harrahs because the Harrahs in Lake Tahoe is awesome. This place is the complete opposite. It took 30+ minutes to check in, ~20 minutes to valet and get our bags to the room. This place is extremely understaffed. The toilet didn't work when we finally got to the room and the cups were extremely dirty. Wouldn't stay here again. Ever. On top of that att signal barley works and the damn made came at 9 am knocking on the door. Cars in the parking lot get hit and broken into and all I heard were car alarms all night . This place needs major help. The room was $109 online but with service fees it ended up being $160. Stay somewhere else, anywhere else.
4	Stayed here for NYE and had a decent experience. The rooms are clean and everything works well. The showers barely have any pressure but we never ran out of hot water so that was good. Pillows were comfortable and the covers were nice and warm. View over the strip was nice. Casino itself reeks like cigarette smoke but that's like every other casino in Vegas I guess. Nice location, conveniently on the strip.
4	I stayed here for 2 nights Feb 25-27 of 2014. The hotel was in a great location on the strip and the room was clean.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with how nice and clean our room wasl. After reading reviews about filthy rooms in a hotel a few spots up the strip, we switched our hotel reservation to this one.  In the same price range and at least yelp reviews didn't mention finding hairs in the bed.  LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION on the strip doesn't get much better than this.My only complaints are that the fitness center is advertised to be open until 7pm. I arrived at 6:30pm and they were closed for what looked like a staff meeting. Also, resort fees are annoying because they're different at different hotels and make it more difficult to compare prices.  Kind of like baggage fees on airlines.Definitely try ice cream at ICE PAN on the second floor.
1	As soon as you walk in the door, you can smell the smoke. It's so powerful that you will hold your nose as soon as you leave. Definitely not conducive for people who don't smoke or who smoke a little. The ventilation system must be broke. If not, they need a new one.
3	I booked here with a very good deal from expedia and it was on the LV strip. That's why I chose there. It wasn't that bad but if it wasn't on the strip I would look for somewhere else.
