2	Back to my days as the doorman at the Wyndham across the street, I used to watch construction of this restaurant. Such a great old building, and I was so happy they were finally doing something with it. I've watched progress in person and in pictures, as well as chatted about it with my friends, and three years later it is finally something.The inside of the building is beautiful. Absolutely stunning. They did a great job with the old department store, and utilized a lot of space very efficiently. There are some neat touches here and there, one being the empty elevator shaft with a plexiglass cover, and some mirrors so you can seemingly see forever. It's not that deep! The restrooms upstairs (shame they are ALL upstairs) are awesome, in a white room surrounded with mirrors. I felt like I was in a padded asylum with mirrors, the asylum because I couldn't figure the place out. There is a DJ booth above the front door that is very easy to miss, and really a cool touch. The colors are all browns to keep with the nostalgic theme, and did I mention there are mirrors everywhere? The building and space get a 5. It's just cool.We sat at the bar and were followed by a friendly little asian guy, with menus and he seemed genuinely interested in us having a good experience. He was previously across the street asking people to come over and try the restaurant. I wish I could say the bartender was half as friendly or committed to his job. The bald one was extremely unfriendly, seemed very arrogant, and for a person in a loud restaurant should practice his vocal skills. The service was prompt without mishaps throughout, but very cold.I ordered the Carne Pizza. I have to say, it was one of the biggest disappointments I have had in a loooooong time. I have made better pizzas in my home oven that came from a box. Honestly... it had a paper thin cardboard like crust, no quality toppings, and not exactly a memorable taste. It tasted fine, and that was it's only redeeming quality. My neighbor had the roast beef sandwich and it was no better, or higher quality. The deli counter at Safeway can make a better sandwich. I earlier chastised someone for judging food on opening night, but now I see it really is bad, there is really no quality.  No sandwiches come with sides. No fries, no fruit, no salad, nothing. They are about $10, and if I want a great sandwich for $10 I'll go to Switch, and it will come with a great Caesar Salad on the side.This is not a restaurant, but rather a bar that serves food. If I think of it like that... more like a bigger version of The Roosevelt, I can think a little more positive about this, but not much. Bad service, bad food, bad review. I'll not be coming back, even with the walking distance proximity. It's just not worth it, especially for the price, and to feel like a not busy staff doesn't want to be busy. We are now at the point where there are other options downtown that are better. It's no longer a Downtown where you can be mediocre and survive.
4	My first time here last night, my husband's second...he was right, he knew I'd like the place...in my favorite color scheme...stainless steel, white, gray, taupe, brown and a bit of brick...first we sat at a small table along the wall and found to our dislike that the enormous speakers pumping out the bass was right behind us, made for a slightly freakhouse feel, but this was easily remedied, we sat ourselves at the bar and were quite satisfied with the drinks (he Stella Artois, me Mojito) and the Margharita pizza - roman style the menu says - it's on flat bread. It was good, not fantastic, but better than your average bar food. The service was stellar - friendly, attentive. I think what I liked best is the space itself, an amazing transformation and definitely what I've been missing since we left the east coast. We'll be back.
4	I found the place to be really unique and really something new for downtown, there is nothing else downtown that has the feel of Hanny's, it's really a great place. You have to check it out for all the interesting features like the elevator shaft, which everyone got a kick out of as they walked by, to the bathrooms that have a little confused about how to actually get into one of them.It seems they have improved their menu as the Pork Calabrease (or something along those lines) came with onion string side and two slices of cantaloupe and tomatoes halves. My girlfriend got the Bruschetta and we both found our meals to taste great, we both agreed we would go back just for the food alone. I also had a Russin Mule cocktail which was excellent. The music was also great, had a very "big city" sound to it...maybe something you'd hear in San Francisco or the like.A couple of down sides were that the place seems to have a bit of a identity crisis. It's set up as a restaurant, but really there isn't that much food on the menu. It would make a great lounge with the music they have, but there aren't enough lounging seating areas...it's all dining height tables and chairs. The lighting was also too bright, more restaurant then lounge and sort of kills the mood.
3	If you're a fan of AZ88 and are expecting Hanny's to be a downtown clone, you'll be partly pleased. The design, decor + ambiance will feel somewhat familiar, as will the quality of drinks at the bar (aside from much smaller martinis) - but the food at Hanny's is a strange departure from the top-notch bar food found at it's sister restaurant in Scottsdale.While still bar food, Hanny's offers an odd assortment of pizzas, sandwiches and salads. And not a big assortment, either. Everything we tried tasted OK, but sounded better on the menu than it actually was. Portions were also disappointing for the price, especially the chopped salad, which was half the size of the chopped at AZ88 - and half as good - for about the same price. The oven-fired pizzas had a nice thin, crispy crust, but toppings were just so-so and felt uninspired. Sandwich selections were more inspired, but only slightly appealing, from Charred Pork to the P.A.T., a fancy BLT made with pancetta and arugula. The Bar Plate was probably our favorite item, though still just OK - fresh prosciutto (sliced at the bar on a very cool Euro-style slicer), chunks of parmigiano-reggiano, slices of melon, and ciabatta bread - good, but nothing to write home about.What is worth writing about is the place itself - a must-see, and just what downtown needed. Sleek, urban and the coolest industrial rehabbing around - from the clever open elevator shaft to the maze of bathroom stalls. And once the rooftop patio and basement lounge open, this place will surely be the hottest spot in town.As for now, stop in, check it out, have a drink or two or three, and enjoy the beginning of a new era for downtown Phoenix. Just hope the menu improves with age...
2	This space has GREAT potential... The question is...will it ever achieve it ??  I applaud the "vision" of Karl Kopp, I feel he preserved the original architectural elements of the building, while finally catapulting the central Phoenix's bar /restaurant scene into 2008.  Finally an upscale restaurant and bar that actually looks like money went into the renovation... Ikea purchased items were not identified here.   The main "lobby" bar/restaurant on the first floor is huge... anchored by a large square bar in the center of the room... the ceiling soars above... a perfect space for an art installation.  The room is basically divided into a 60/40 bar/dining area with the main focus on the bar area.  Speaking of the bar area... strange place... although the seating at the bar is exceptional, several standard bar features are missing... The standard visual liquor selection is nowhere to be found, and the bartender was at a loss for the choices of vodka.  I'm not sure where they bought their martini glasses... they are NOTHING close to the "birdbath" martini  size of AZ88...perhaps someone confused the martini glass order and shipped out eye wash cups... I'm thinking that these are not the standard size  and it was all just a very evil joke! (Hint... if you enjoy olives in your martini... order them on the side.  Once  the spear of olives is removed from the drink,  the drink then becomes half empty... exzageration?  fabrication? Order one and decide for yourself)Speaking of size..check out the enormous medieval torture device in the center of the bar... oh wait... I'm sorry... it's an industrial size prosciutto slicer.. Silly me.  Bevnaps where never used, perhaps they have not been stocked yet?? The restaurant table service was spotty, if not aloof.  This type of attitude works great after the restaurant opens and introduces the red rope / bouncer.. my opinion... first learn how to wait on tables, then concentrate on affecting (or should I say...perfecting) the attitude.  The "deconstructed" prosciutto and melon plate we ordered was nothing special, the crisp bread pizza type app was ok.. again, nothing exciting here.  Well, that's not true.. as there IS something exciting in this bar... The bathroom area on the mezzanine level!!.. mirrors and white hot lighting ensures that if you look "good" in that lighting... you'll look "GREAT" in the soft lighting of the bar area.  The balcony seating area in my opinion would be better used as a low seating area rather than a dining area. One can only hope that the upper floors will be used for live music and outdoor seating.  The basement should be opening soon, potentially a moshpit dance area? Who knows..  If you've been to Swigg in Santa Fe, you'll feel right at home here... Check it out, give it a try... or wait until they "weed out" the bad help and get the place up to speed.
4	i originally heard about this lounge from a coworker who must have gone there opening weekend for a birthday get together. her description of the building's history and that crazy amazing plexiglass elevator shaft thing had me intrigued to say the least.i tried to look up it's web site (none) and even went to az88's site to see if it had a link. nothing. so i checked with my plugged in yelpers and you guys did not fail me! read the reviews and decided i had to check it out.sho nuff some fellow yelper friends felt the same way and by kismat invited me to join them. based on the reviews and what i had heard, i was expecting industrial steel and exposed brick - not at all. much more soft, loungey and classy than i had pictured. uber dim, with plenty of low, gray couches lined up along the four walls of the massive entry level, which surround a large, four-sided bar. one side of the room appeared to be all tall tables, if that's your thing. service was pretty good, she was patient with our amorphous group that kept coming and going and disappearing to explore the elevator shaft and the second floor... speaking of the second floor, don't get me started. you'll just have to go and check that out for yourself. but i will tell you that there's another smaller bar up there and lots more booth style seating and a good view of the action below. for a saturday night this place was incredibly empty. fine with me - i could hear and be served in a timely manner. i don't think that will last for long though - this place has huge potential and is truly unlike any other bar/lounge around.oh, i should mention that per the yelp reviews i read, i did not try any of the food. it all looked pretty uninspiring, as Erica so aptly noted, and based on what we saw come out and the descriptions we read on the menu, indeed didn't seem worthy of the prices.
4	I'm a big fan of AZ88, so I had high hopes for Hanny's. I love the interior, especially the HUGE "tongue" couches (go and you'll understand what I mean). Unfortunately, while it has a "cool" factor similar to AZ88 (yet distinct), it doesn't yet have the buzz of a big crowd. On the night we were there (Wednesday before Thanksgiving), it was probably 30% full. Our table of 10 was a large part of the crowd. Here's hoping that things pick up and word of mouth spreads! The service was GREAT and while the menu is totally different than AZ88 (as it should be), it keeps to the concept of very well prepared, simple foods. Hanny's menu focuses on pizzas, sandwiches and salads. Almost everyone in our party went with pizza and the sausage pizza I chose (as well as the prosciutto pizza I sampled) were both great. Hanny's is a great addition to the offerings in downtown. I just hope the area can support it!
2	Cold.  Bad music (think cheesy nightclub music aimed at the non-hip aging segment of the population). Not a good selection of food.  Not a good selection of wine by the glass.  Overall, I would say this place has an identity crisis going on.  It has great potential, and the owners have obviously sunk some major bucks into the design.  However, it is lacking that certain something something.  Lots of room for improvement.  I wil check back in a few months.
4	I disagree i thought the place was great and unique! Amazing decor, great service (efficient and not pushy)the food selection was very yummy - fresh ingredients with delicious deserts. Drinks were awesome too!i can't wait to go back!!!!! I come from a family of French restauranteurs and lived in NY for 20 years this is truly a wonderful experience! (the prices are nice too)Go and see for yourself - i don't think you will be disappointed.
3	Ok Hanny's.  Do you have ANY idea how excited I was when I heard about you?  You sound like just what we need downtown:  a full liquor license and a full kitchen serving food until 1 am.  So it is with great regret that I have to report I was fairly disappointed in my experience.  The space itself is really amazing, and they did something really cool with the way they kept the original aesthetic and fit a restaurant right in.  But it's in this weird space between "club" and "restaurant", and I think they just need to decide which one they'd rather be.We had really, really bad service, too.  Nobody seemed to know what they were supposed to be doing, and we sat at our table for at least 5 minutes before anyone took our drink order, and that was with 2 waitresses just hanging out about 10 feet away.  But we both really enjoyed our pizza, and I thought the prices were very reasonable. I know Hanny's is still very new, and I love that we have a place to go get a bite at midnight (ok, so it's been years since I was still awake at midnight, but it's nice to know it's there).  So I'll definitely keep going back, and hope that it gels into something great.
2	I wish I could LOVE this place, but I don't.It's not a lounge, it's not a nightclub and it's barely a restaurant (the menu is sparse). The Venue:It's situated right downtown and sadly most of these venues have to survive off the "downtown tourists" from the suburbs. My guess is that this place is aimed to give those (middle aged) people a sense of "the big city" and that it does. It strives to have a mature hip feel, the dinning room employs the newly popular community seating (i.e. you could find yourself sharing a bench/table with the couple right next to you), and they have a DJ playing trance music while you dine. They succeed in that regard. This does have an old skewl slightly upscale "metro" feel to it.The Food: A very sparse menu, I had the carne pizza which had GREAT thin crust but lacked much flavor.The service:The service staff is where they REALLY fail. You can go to places like FEZ, Cibo, or Pallete and it's instantaneously clear that you are being served by PROFESSIONALS. Not so much here, quite the opposite actually. Our service was what I expect from a breakfast dinner or The Waffle House (the waitress was FAR to casual for a place like this, i.e. it was kinda a like "so watcha want?" kinda thing going on). And honestly, with the current unemployment rate, as well as the location and style of this place, it's completely unacceptable to me.So if your looking for poor service in Downtown now you have three choices: Carly's, Breadfruit and now Hanny'sAll-in-all ... I'd say that this place is yet another venue that regretfully caters to the occasional downtown tourist and adds very little to the sustainability of a REAL downtown (that Phoenix so lacks). It gets a "meh".
5	Check out the "Tongue" couch and stand on the glass floor look down the abandoned elevator shaft, trippy to say the least. Great addition to downtown.  Sleek and contemporary interior.  Soon  they may have a club downstairs according to our server.  Upstairs is a neat, albeit slightly odd space.  They have a DJ in a small room over the main entrance, look for him.TRY THE BAR PLATE!!!  It's about $7 and you get fresh shaved Parmesan and prosciutto, melon and bread.   It's so F'ing good.They have Pimm's, but I don't know to much about it but it tasted OK to me.---IMPORTANT: the "pizzas" are not normal, they are super thin, I mean like 1/2 of a tortilla thin.  Tasty, but not a filling as a normal thin crust pizza.Darn snazzy place.
1	Very dissapointing. I went there last night with 3 friends. I waited for 15 minutes without anyone seating us and then we waited another 15 minutes at a table without anyone coming up to us, even to give us menus. We left. I really hope this place gets their act together. I live downtown and I want it to do well.
4	So, it can ONLY be a good sign when you walk into a place and see a giant wheel of Parmigiano-Reggiano, right? I mean, I'm pretty certain this Italian girl could sustain herself on one of those perfectly-aged, salty wheels for, like, at least 6 months! So, I was DELIGHTED when that was the first thing to catch my eye upon entering Hanny's this past weekend.Then, to be able to enjoy a Pimm's Cup No. 1 (Corbin's Bar & Grill is the only other place I've found it as prominently displayed in the Valley). Pimm's Cup No. 1 is an English gin-based, slightly spiced and citrus flavored liqueur. The version offered on the drink list at Hanny's is a gingery, cucumbery, bitters-like concoction. I spent the summer of 2006 drinking Pimm's lemonade, so was excited to hear Hanny's has fresh squeezed lemonade.  But, I found their lemonade to be too sour and will probably stick with the standard Pimm's Cup next time I'm there.As for the ambiance, I liked it. It felt crisp and contemporary to me. Also, unfinished... which it is. I'm looking forward to watching this place develop!
4	First time visiting Hanny's Friday Dec 12.The Venue:Interesting place. Upon walking into the entry the entire bar/restaurant seemed to look up at you.. it was a little awkward while waiting to be seated lol..  The decor was minimal and contemporary.. with the vibe and hints of AZ88 carried over. The elevator was unique.. and the bathrooms were oddly placed upstairs. This place has A LOT of potential. It needs a crowd and some color. It just didn't feel alive like AZ88 does. The Food:The menu was minimal and easy to read. There was an assortment of appetizers, sandwiches , pizza, salads etc... My friend and I shared a sandwich and pizza.. food was good and reasonably priced. The Service:Good friendly service. Helpful with recommendations. Fast arrival of food and plenty of refills on water. Overall, I liked the place and would recommend it!
2	I was STOKED to see this place opening. Finally, late night food in a cool atmosphere when I could hang out with friends, have an after dinner drink or just look cool.Eh...not so much. The menu is extremely limited, the decor and music just don't seem to match and the staff, while usually friendly, just don't fit. Hanny's seems like it wants to be a classy joint but it doesn't know how.You'd think it could save itself as a bar, but even that doesn't seem to add up. Strange as this may be, the bathrooms don't have anywhere to place your drink, meaning there is really no mingling to be had, this is strictly a sit-down type of joint.It sure looks nice though.
3	I had a hard time even giving this place the third star.  I had high hopes as I watched this place go through renovations during the past 3 years.  We were there on opening night and fell in love with the decor.  The place was stylish and cool.  Concrete, leather, glass...very retro-modern.  The people who refurbished and redesigned this place deserve five stars.The people who work there, however, deserve one.  On opening night, I forgave the delay in service.  I forgave the nasty arugula on my panino.  I forgave the store-bought peperoni.  Mostly, I forgave them because the onion straws were so good.We went back a few nights later after being fleeced for $40 in return for table scraps at Sens.  It took almost twenty minutes to order two pizzas and onion straws.  Then, the pizzas came out before the onion straws.  How do you cook pizza faster than deep frying an onion?  The waiter lingered around the female members of our party and were just incompetent.  We finally went again after a night of drinking at the Clarendon.  What a buzz kill.  Not only was it too dark and the music was too loud but, again, the service was slow and dull.  Then, the waitress got into an argument about the ingredients of the pizza with our group.  Big no-no.I've had multiple people tell me that service is fine as long as you order from the bar.  They say, just get up and go tell the bar tender what you want.  Why should I have to do all of the work?  How is it that they have ASU students at their disposal in a terrible economy and can't hire any decent waiters?From now on, I'm only going after a game when I want some onions and a Moretti.
2	The location is very cool.  Unfortunately food was so, so.I went for lunch had the PAT, a play on the BLT.  It was good, but not over the top good and was $9ish.  Sodas are by the bottle, so a little pricey.  Service was somewhat attentive, but not friendly.  The fries (at least I think they were fries), were really cold when they came out.  Overall disappointing for a lunch.  Looks like it would be a fun place to get an after work drink.
4	My 4 stars for Hanny's are driven almost completely by the atmosphere of this converted department store. A friend and I met up for drinks there last Friday, and lingered for around 5 hours (another friend was flying in from NYC and his flight was delayed several times, so the rounds kept coming). Several people have commented negatively on the service, lighting or music, but they must be working out the kinks with all of the above because they were spot-on during our visit. The DJ was spinning a combination of subtle vibe-enducing music mixed with "oh, I LOVE this song" uncovered and unexpected old favorites. The lighting gradually shifting during the evening, so that by midnight it was a cozy and romantic mood. Speaking of, let me just say it: something about this place just felt...sexy. I don't know if it was the music, the lighting, the "baby it's cold outside" week before Christmas, or my malbec-shiraz. The things-could-happen-here feel especially hit me when I went upstairs and saw the unisex restrooms all lined up; white unmarked doors all in a row to their own little rooms -- it was straight out of a Madonna video circa 1995! Biggest watchout: the martini glasses were offensively and ridiculously tiny. I mean, really?!? I had read about this in reviews before going, but I was so shocked at the size that I refused to order one and stuck with wine (which I wouldn't say was a "healthy" pour, but at least took me more than 4 sips to finish). The menu is also relatively limited. We shared the bar plate and a prosciutto pizza (added mushrooms) and enjoyed both, but neither were outstanding or very filling. All-in-all, I will definitely recommend this place to friends for drinks or drinks/apps. It's a unique space with a great vibe and I am sure it will do well once word gets out.
4	When I returned early December for a birthday get together (mine), I was suddenly nervous about having dragged about 15 Tempe residents out to downtown to a place none had been to and most had never heard of, where there is NO parking and drinks are relatively expensive. But Hanny's didn't make a fool of me. The server - like last time, was charged with serving an amorphous group of fast drinkers who kept wandering off to take pictures, play in the elevator shaft or slide on the tongue couch - excelled. Patient, friendly and informative. In fact, when some drinks erroneously landed on one person's tab - there were several separate checks at our table - she removed them without awkwardness or even so much as an eye roll.Music neither impressed nor (more importantly) annoyed - mostly soul and R&B mixes - and the disappearing/reappearing DJ trick is a good one. I was almost talked into moving the party to the District, where I was told beers were $3 and the atmosphere was something I might enjoy. Glad I didn't (esp. after reading some of the yelp reviews for it!) Hanny's, I will continue to make the effort to come to your establishment, which is neither close to me or easy to: find/send people to/park around. You're asking a lot, but keep up the good work, work out the kinks and I'll keep making the effort.
4	I went the night after Christmas, a Friday.  I was suprised to find it so dead.  It's a large place with lots of seating, but there were probably only 10-15 tables taken with a few people at the bar.  The decor and atmosphere is great as is the live DJ.  Drinks are pricey for being so small.  My friend's martini was more like a shot.  We had lots of different things to eat: pizzas, salad, onion strings, and the pork sandwich.  It was all good, not great but definitely good.  We all agreed that the pizza was the best thing we had.  Prices were ok, not too expensive but just on the verge for what you got for it.  I will definitely go again.  It's a great place to go with friends and just hang for a bit.
2	So we thought that this place would be fun and frolicky on a Light Rail opening kind of night. It was cold and boring. The martini's are stupid small and completely useless, the food was okay but not really worth a second visit. On a good note, the seating is fun, the couches recline.
1	Et tu, Hanny's? I can forgive your average food served at room temperature because your environment shows some effort at creating style and life in downtown PHX. However, I can not forgive martini's that are so small they come with itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka dot bikini's....You lost me at the drinks...
2	What can i say about Hanny's? Nice location, love the fact that is in the heart of downtown phoenix. The decor is very minimalist, at the point that is almost intimidating. The place was empty on a Sunday night witch it made the space looks even bigger.We went with a group of nine and ordered a little of everything, asked a few question to the server which didn't know much about the menu, he had to go back to the kitchen for every question, just basic question.When the food arrived and after a few bites me and all the others arrived to the conclusion that Hanny's might be better for drinks, the pizza , if you can call it pizza, is more like a flat bread with very little flavor and with cheap topping, the salads were really small and again with cheap ingredients.Overall is an ok place to have a drink with friends after a dinner some place else.
5	200th review! And on the last day of December 2008, of all days. 2008 was a great year for Phoenix Yelp but not for Phoenix itself as one local business after another closed its doors and efforts to revitalize downtown didn't do so well. Anyone who attended the downtown pub crawl can attest to that. I really believe that 2009 can be a better year for Phoenix, though, and I think that the light rail being open (and creating a flow up and down the central corridor) will definitely help. The other thing I think will help is entrepreneurs like Karl Kopp (the owner of Hanny's) being willing to take risks and open businesses that may not necessarily fit the cookie cutter mold of what a "cool" Phoenix establishment should be. I really applaud him for that. In some sense, opening a business that's different than what people are used to or expect helps you create a cult following--not everyone will like you, but if enough people refuse to listen to the other people who don't like you, you will create a pretty passionate crowd of supporters. I really think that Hanny's will gain this type of cult following and then over time, as similar types of businesses gain a footing in Phoenix, it will become a place everyone accepts. Or that won't happen and I'll pray that enough people start to see the magic so that Hanny's won't be the next business to close!In case you think that I only like Hanny's because it's different or new, I want to emphasize that I also really liked the food and drinks my husband and I tried. Yes, the martinis were small (my husband had the special Hanny's martini with vodka and gin and I had a French martini), but they were mixed well and at only $5, my husband's was well priced for the size. We also both thought the food was really well executed. We especially loved the pizza with prosciutto and arugula. The crust was definitely too thin even for "Roman style"--having been to Rome five times, I can tell you that the crust there has a bit more substance to it, but the ingredients on Hanny's pizza were simple and fresh, which I know to be an authentically Italian approach to pizza making. But I can see how you might be disappointed if you are used to very saucy and savory pizza. The pork loin sandwich was also really good--the thinly sliced pork was very flavorful and the bread was nice and crusty. The green peppers were a bit strange, though, as they made the pork taste more Mexican inspired than Italian. That being said, though, I'm kind of content overall to not try to force Hanny's into a box. What I like about the place is its slight imperfections and its inability to be easily defined. Is it a bar? a restaurant? a lounge? I don't really know, but I don't really care. I think its unique character make it a great destination for those who are looking for something different in Phoenix, and I hope that it survives the economic slump that the city has been going through. If it does, maybe it will expand its offerings and become a place that everyone can appreciate.
5	Part of this high review is just having a wonderful place to walk to in downtown Phoenix - finally - but part of it is also that it genuinely is good.  The pizzas are excellent, the atmosphere fun, the elevator shaft astonishing, and the fact that there's a cool lounge starting the redevelopment of downtown Phoenix - walking distance to the Dodge Theater, stadiums, and light rail - earns it a star just by itself.
4	My first visit to Hanny's was on New Years Eve and I have to start off saying that I did not try there food so my review is solely based off of visiting this establishment as a bar. The interior of Hanny's is amazing. The modern elements and atmosphere is different than any other place I have visited in Phoenix. The bar is large and central and there are plenty of places to sit, lounge, hide, or socialize. The restrooms are upstairs, which could be troublesome as the night progresses, but thankfully they do have an elevator for those of use who are not steady on heels after a few drinks. The service at the bar was slow, but it was busy and having good company helped me forget that I was without drink. The long islands are strong, very strong, 2 day hang over strong- but they did the trick. Hanny's is the type of place I would take out of town friends to show them that Phoenix is a city on the rise and not just a Hard Rock Cafe and Hooters type of town. I think that with time some of the other reviewers issues will work out and I hope that with the light rail business will continue to flourish for them. Hanny's has potential and I am curious to return and try food.
1	I'm really surprised at the positive reviews for this place.  I wanted to like it, being a big fan of AZ88 and all.  Maybe I just don't understand the need to change a winning formula.  Sure, variety is nice but not in and of itself.  I found the wait staff both unhelpful and unpleasant, a very unfortunate combination.  The food was flavorless (the beet salad was right out of a can?) and the drinks small and pricey.  Five of us rang up a $200 bill with a bit more than usual drinking, all in a failed attempt to find the sizzle in this dud.  I'm all for downtown establishments but they have to meet a modicum of quality and value.  In my opinion Hanny's does not.
4	I'm bummed about all the poopy reviews of this place. Granted, we went on a rainy Sunday night, so the place was dead, but no complaints about the food or service. In fact, the pizza is awesome -- reminds me of Tuchetti's (R.I.P.) yummy thin crust/flatbread creation. The bruschetta consisted of big chunks of green and kalamata olives and fresh bread, not some crappy olive tampenade. Seriously delicious. The decor, as others have mentioned, is killer - so interesting and different. The upstairs, with its fun house of mirrors, is potentially confusing if you're shitfaced, but oh well. The bathrooms are unmarked and unisex and I did hear one of my female companions squealing about poop in one, but again, oh well. I will definitely go here again, although I agree in that it's not exactly cheap -- save your binge drinking for the Bikini.
3	Hanny's has potential - AZ/88 is one of my favorite places in town.  The building, design, and decor at Hanny's are amazing.  The menu and service, not so much.I'm pretty sure it was our waiter's first night serving tables - many awkward uncomfortable moments.  I ordered a $5 martini and received a half full martini glass.  Next time I will ask if I can order two at the same time and just pour them in the same glass.We ordered the bruschetta appetizer.  The topping came in a bowl with some thin dry strips of bread around it.  The topping itself was tasty - my recommendation is for the Hanny's chef to take a trip to Postino and check out their bruschetta bread - thick and soft with crusty edges.  I found the dinner menu to be lacking in choices.  Nothing really looked good so I ordered a pizza which left me underwhelmed.  Soggy and flavorless.  My suggestion to Hanny's is to think about the successful AZ/88 combination of good simple meals combined with strong fancy drinks.  Get somebody who knows how to make an Italian style wood oven pizza with crisp burnt edges.  And I don't think anybody will mind if a few of the menu items are the same as at AZ - in particular some good burgers.Good luck with the changes - the debt service on that building must be enormous, and I would hate to see it shut down.***UPDATE***  Been back several times since initial review - Pizza was much better (i.e. crispy) and the $5 martinis have grown on me - two drinks at AZ88 and I need a cab - not so at Hanny's.  I would still like to see some more options on the menu, though.
3	Alright, I am going to try and cut Hanny's a little bit of slack here.  Went there last nite with a bunch of fabulous Phoenix yelpers on the light rail pub crawl, and it was in a word, okay.I know there were a lot of us, but even so, it took a REALLY long time to get drinks.  TOO long...Anyways, once we finally got our drinks, they were delicious!!  My mojito was excellent, one of the best I've had in Arizona.  Just the right amount of sugar and mint, not too sweet.  My mouth is starting to water just thinking about it!   Of course I only had one because it was $10, a little too steep in my opinion.  No happy hour or drink specials at all either which is kind of a bummer...Didn't eat anything there but saw other people's food and it looked tasty.  Great location, about a block and a half up the street from the US Airways Center.  I'll definitely give Hanny's another shot and go there for dinner  before or after a Suns game, with a smaller group, and a stacked wallet  of course : )
3	1st- What a weird lay out. 2nd- Is that a meat cutter on the bar? (I had a lot to drink)  3rd-I heard the bathrooms are cool-but never made it that far.  Basically, I am not sure how I feel about this place.  We only had one drink and did not eat.  It was Pub Crawl so I will forgive our waiter for the 20+min wait for our  drink...      Summary~I will go back.(if for no other reason than to check the  bathroom out!)
3	i tried the moscow mule and walked out as sober as i came in: stone. interesting taste but should be called the moscow lamb. shaved lamb.i had a pizza. pretty good, but nothing that really stuck out. really good, thin crust, but definitely lacked flavor in the ingredient department. the bathrooms are cool...but you don't eat or drink the bathrooms sooo......
3	The decor is interesting. It smells like leather all up in the place, though. That was when they opened, I don't know if they have covered the smell up.I would describe the food as "fine." Avoid the onion strings. They are addicting, but you will not get the taste out for days. Me & my BF shared a pizza which was OK, nothing to write home about.Maybe I'll be back when I'm bored of everything else or can't think of anywhere to go.
2	I live downtown and was sooooo excited that we had yet another restaurant to visit..... especially since it is the same owner as AZ88 which I love!  Went for lunch with my bf and we both started out with a martini.  Mine had St. Germain in it and I couldn't wait!  We waited... and waited.... they finally came and wow... they were in miniature glasses.  Not so happy about the size.  When you order a martini... it should be in a standard martini glass.  They were tasty though, so we ordered a sandwich and a margarita pizza.  Meanwhile, a table of 4 sat down about 5 minutes after us.  Later when the server finally came with their wine bottle and 4 glasses they had already left.  The table next to us told the waitress "I guess they got tired of waiting". All in all, the food was average, pleasant decor, however, the service needs work.  I look forward to giving Hanny's another shot but will wait a couple of months.
4	Hanny's ... you have quite the tasty Riesling. But...your service leaves a tad bit to be desired.On the flip side, you have hot hot hot bartenders, so I really don't mind the wait (sorry DG).My favorite thing about you is your bathrooms. I mean, I really really love the bathrooms. Actually, I love the entire place. If I were going to open a bar, I would want it to look exactly like Hanny's. Well, except the meat cutter at the bar, because I am vegetarian. Perhaps I would get an industrial strength cheese cutter. (ha ha ... cheese cutter!)Ooooo another bonus... you are right off of the light rail and you normally have parking available right outside... therefore I consider you to be in a good location.Yeah, Hanny's ... I love you. Quite a bit. Let's go steady.
4	Hanny's... are you mad?  Turns out I couldn't quit you so easy after all.We went back to Hanny's on a Wednesday night around 6.  TOTALLY different vibe.  The DJ was gone, the music was appropriate, and it seemed like Hanny's had decided to be a restaurant after all.  Filled to the brim with Suits having an after work bite and cocktail, it just looked.... right.  Classy but still simple and quick.  The service was about 5 million times better than our first visit, too.I still have my complaint about the menu.  Pretty small selection, and it seems like what selection you do have is mostly the same ingredients rearranged in different ways.  But since I feel like I could eat the Blanco pizza over and over without getting tired of it, I will still want to keep coming back.
1	i have no idea why this place is getting such great reviews in new-times.this place blows. we went there expecting to see some of the amazingness that everyone keeps talking about (and for my birthday, too. so that was retarded), but all it was was a bunch of brokers and douches and realtors and businesswomen looking hook up and thinking they were awesome and better than everyone else. i don't think i've ever seen so many pretentious pricks in one place (except maybe at merc bar or any club in scottsdale).the food wasn't great, but not horrible. the drinks were actually reasonably priced, but the douche-factor made it seem like we were paying top dollar. i guess the place is supposed to be somewhat historic (which is their one selling point, even though pretty much the only original historic piece is the sign painted on the building featured in all their promotional material), but it just seems like they gutted the inside completely and threw the history away -- building a "new" dwelling place for fakey scottsdale cougars with spray-on tans looking to score with random 36-year-old investor douchebags bragging about making their first "mil". the overpriced, snotty furniture was in my face like a big disgrace and when I came home, my mom got scared, and said you're moving with your auntie and your uncle in bel-air. I whistled for a cab and when it came near, the license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror. If anything I could say that this cab was rare but I thought, "nah, forget it. yo homes.. to bel-air!" I...pulled...up to the house at about 7 or 8 and I yelled to the cabby "yo homes, smell ya later!" I looked at my kingdom, I was finally there -- to settle my throne as the prince of bel-air.
3	3.5I'm a fan, but not a devout fan. So I guess that rounds down to 3 stars.I have visited Hanny's twice. I LOVE the building, and the modern/wacky decor. I would imagine this place packed full if it were in NYC. I was there last Friday and I loved the vibe that the DJ created while he chose to spin soulful R&B. It was great. Our server, Tyrone, was a rock star. He handled our large group without a problem and he was quick with the service. Everyone at the table decided to order something and then pass it around. I had the pizza with pepperoni and onion, which was tasty. I think everything was great. The loser of the evening was the onion strings. I really wouldn't waste your time unless you were madly craving a whole plate of onion strings. I know people have complained about the teeny-tiny martinis. Don't judge too quickly. Those little things actually pack a good punch.What I don't love is the VERY limited and unimaginative menu. Listen up people, you can only do thin crust pizzas, and paninis at so many places before the trend wears out. Hanny's menu is so limited that I couldn't see myself going to eat there very often because I would be eating the same things. I really hope they expand their menu. Maybe offer a nightly special? Is that asking too much? I will most certainly go to Hanny's again. I don't know if I would go for dinner necessarily, but it's a great place to start the night out in Downtown Phoenix!
3	Had the Moscow cocktail and it was surprising, spicy and delicious. I was debating on ordering one of their martini's but when I saw the size of the glasses, relative to the price of the drinks, I thought better of it. My friends and I ordered their Pizza Bianco, which was good, but not great. It was a mix of chesses, diced tomato, and basil leaves on a very flat crunch bread. It was not savory all. Hard to explain. Like the flavors were all there, but somehow didn't come together. And when you reached the "crust" of the pizza, it tasted like burnt popcorn. Ick! The bartenders were cool for the most part but a little stand offish at first. And like some of the other Yelpers have mentioned before, the bathrooms were probably the coolest part of the place. My friends and I were sure we'd see Bowie standing there in the bathroom hall of mirrors telling us how much time we had to get through the Labrynth.
5	For me, Hanny's was quite the odd find in Phoenix. It's the type of lounge you'd expect to find in LA, Manhattan, or some other metropolitan city. Being that I just moved back to Phoenix from LA, I was pleasantly surprised and relieved to find something that would help my transition from the City of Angels.To be completely honest, you go to Hanny's for the atmosphere and the drinks. The food isn't great but the salads and appetizers are decent. I've yet to try out much of the drink menu but the gin and tonic as well as the gimlets that they make are pretty solid. That being said, the bartenders are really cool guys and make sure you're taken care of. The DJ's that spin on the weekends are also pretty good; however, they play alot of ambient or lounge type music so don't go there and expect to cut a rug like at Homme.Overall, this place is pretty spot on to take a date or just to chill out. Hanny's is truly a rare find in Phoenix and I hope to stop by more often.
3	I was excited to try Hanny's out.  We had a decent sized group of 8 and we had a good table and were very comfortable.  The service was a bit slow for not being a packed house but our server was newish and she tried really hard so that was all that mattered-- practice makes perfect,  I get that.  The menu is pretty limited to some sandwiches, pizza and salad--  I knew this going into here.  My chopped salad was good (well as good as a salad could get).  The pizzas were good and friends enjoyed those.  But unfortunately the sandwiches were lacking.   The meats were overdone completely and the bacon seemed to turn to dust once bitten into-- YUCK!  I don't even think the guys even ate the sandwiches.  They told the server that they were not good and didn't want new ones since they were eating the pizza instead from others at our table.  They took the sandwiches off the bill once they knew they were not happy with them.  I think this is standard practice especially if the food wasn't eaten.  ( sidenote** I hate when people eat the entire meal and then complain that they didn't like it and then expect it taken on the bill--- don't eat it if it was that bad.)Hanny's is a very cool atmosphere and fun and hip, I would definitely return for drinks and I want to try out the pizzas next time.  I'll go again.I am sure you already heard about the swanky bathrooms and elevator and all that jazz so I won't go into it.  My only problem with the bathrooms was that there was no place for me to put my coat.... that sucked and the soap dispenser involved having to pick it up and squeeze it into my hand (it was a clear ketchup squeezer with the tip), I hate touching more things than I need to in a public bathroom.   Still giving it an A-OK, next trip will hopefully be better!
2	By the time I walk the few blocks from my house to Hanny's, I've worked up a powerful thirst and need a real drink; not some pussy drink. My intent was for a nice Cosmo but when I saw the size of their mar-TEENY glasses, I ordered wine. I was flabergasted & temporarily rendered speechless when the SIP of $9.50 pinot noir arrived. I eventually snapped out of it & my dining companion & I ordered food - pizza & a salad. It was good. Nothing special, but good. The menu is very limited. When our inattentive waiter finally returned & asked if I wanted another glass of wine, I responded in my most haughty manner, "Yes. But no thank you. Please tell the owner that we Downtown Girls like our drinks large." The response was that management wanted it to be different from AZ 88. Well at least a girl can get a man sized drink at 88. Good luck selling booze at this price during our "economic crisis"! I feel everyone deserves a 2nd chance so i will plan another Hanny's excursion. I'm hoping I don't leave thirsty! Khittie will tell another tail about Hanny's then. And until then, purrr...
2	I don't know of a single Phoenician who wasn't absolutely ecstatic about Hanny's opening.  We were all excited for this cool new "destination."  The husband and I were the second pair of people to walk through their doors.  There were literally hoards of employees working at the time.  There were about 15 upstairs staring at us, about 5 at the bar, and 15 or so more servers just chillin around the restaurant.  Somehow, with all these people, they managed to completely ignore us for most of our meal.  Making a typical 45 minute to 1 hour dinner experience turn into a 2 hour ordeal.The decor of this place is beautiful.  Cool, clean, and modern.  The music fluctuates from being too loud and inappropriate for the setting to being perfect with an eclectic but well blended mix. The pizza is decent, but very appetizer-ish.  It is cracker thin, which turns a lot of people off, but I actually like it.  The onion strings are to die for when they aren't completely grease laden.  That's an off and on thing, not really consistent.  I don't like their sandwiches.  They are unimaginative and bland.  There really isn't a lot to choose from on the menu.Unfortunately both times we brought friends along with us, the place was a buzz kill, and I am not really sure why.  Maybe we will try the place again now that it has been open for a while.  Hopefully Hanny's has figured out what he wants to be when he grows up.
4	Being pretty much unknowledgable about the whole downtown scene, I figured I would check it out. Thanks to Yelp, Hanny's came to mind - so naturally I thought I would check it out. Walking in, I could already see, that thursday are far from their busiest night. Still the wait to be seated seemed to take about 10 mintues before someone even acknowledged my girl and I. But having the time to look at the place, I was somewhat impressed by their modern approach.Looking over their menu I saw it rather limited but roast beef caught my eye, while my gf got the pork seared special.  She had some sort of martini while I stuck with the Stella. I was surprised how small their martini glasses were, especially for the price. But trying to make a night out of this, I wasn't trying to complain. The roast beef was rather tasteless and greesy and was regretful ordering it, I was rather jealous that my other half had a more enticing meal. But I still am attracted to Hanny's, maybe its the old school beats the DJ's were putting down, or the reclining seats or maybe the maze-like bathroom, or just how happy it made my girl to actually have a night out like this. But i give this place 4 stars not for the service or food, but more for the atmosphere... (and sick beats)
2	Hanny's is two things..and neither at full potential.1st, it is very chic and modern in a retro feel. as far the the interior style and potential i give it 5 stars. i was told the basement will be a full blown dance club in the future. but for now..this place is completely underused. there is a second bar upstairs, but on a friday night i counted more open tables then filled ones..so clearly the second bar is premature.2nd, the pizza tastes good, the flavor i thought was there. but give me a fucking break, 17 bucks for a crispy saltine baked at 600 degrees with some toppings...drinks were strong..saving grace on the menu side of this review. but i think the pricing is seriously out of wack for what you get.no free birthday dessert...better and lesser places have no problem doing this. hell if i was a server..i would have compped it either way..it was a table of 10 people drinking and my tip alone was 40 bucks. not to mention the unrequested table bread....that was put on my bill..WHAT THE FUCK!!!it will be awhile before i come back to Hanny'slike i said the potential for a 5 star awesome place is there. but seriously the clown menu needs some revisions..if you want to charge this much for dining, get a real menu deserving of it. hopefully the wait staff too. at one point in the night i saw 3 servers standing around by the main entrance. look busy asshole. coolest thing would be the DJ nest over the dining area. also the bathrooms, which i believe used to be dressing rooms. i can totally see some awesome carnal experiances in these private bathrooms. but i think it's kinda weird the bathrooms are 20 feet from the upstairs bar..and in line of sight...Hanny's i wish you the best..and hope you can grow up to be what you want to be. send me a kite when you do..i look forward to hearing from you.
2	The problem with this place is that they hyped it as "THE OWNERS OF AZ88...."  yadda yadda yadda.  Well, if you're going to reference AZ88, they you better have great drinks and (at least) good bar food.   This place has neither.   The drinks are TINY.  The food is average at best.  And the "design" of the place is very boring...and BEIGE.  This space could of been a total knockout, but it misses the mark on so many levels.  The service was ok, the bartenders were HORRIBLE.  As many people have said before.."I WANT to like this place"....but I just can't get myself to do it.
3	I have loved this building in downtown Phoenix ever since I moved here.  To see the owners working to fix it up rather than tear it down and build some new modern structure was very exciting, but it sure took a long time to open.  Finally it was open and we dashed there right away.   Great design and I loved the place.   The only issue, and it is a big one for me because it is the reason for going there, is that the drinks are small & the prices are high.   Hopefully there will be changes in the future cause I really like the place and find it a nice, trendy downtown location!  Editing this as I think my initial star rating was not really fair...it is more 2.5 to 3 star...so 3 it is!
4	Hanny's ended up saving my entire night! After realizing that a Road Runners hockey game was NOT a productive way to spend my Thursday night, we left mid game and wandered over to Hanny's. Very chic. My new "bestie" Todd the bartender talked me into trying a lovely Cabernet that was reasonably priced at $8 a glass and was yummy! We also shared the bar plate which was fabulous. Prosciutto, crusty bread and ripe melon. Does life get any better? Pair that with a couple of glasses of wine and wonderful company...what a great Thursday night! I didn't get to explore too much but I have heard that the bathrooms are amazing and you should check out the elevator shaft! Todd also mentioned something about the basement...unfortunately, I wasn't using my active listening skills.  So you will have to explore that one on your own. Freaky...
4	What a cool space!  We needed nourishment on St Pats, as the corn beef and cabbage they were serving at the Irish pub didn't exactly float our boats. We found ourself at Hannys and had a great experience.Their pizzas are light and tasty.  They looked like too much when they arrived, but they turned out to be the just the base we needed to get through a heavy night of drinking. The reclining booths took a second to get used to, but they just added to the laid back atmosphere once we mastered them.OK, two friends go the tiniest 'tinis that didn't seem like much of a value, so its probably not the place for hard core drinking (I know, but these are the things I look for)  But for a relaxing cool place to start your evening off, I can still give it the thumbs up.
3	We went to dinner there on a Sunday and we were the only ones in there for most of our dinner. Downtown Phoenix can be somewhat quiet on the weekends, so this was no surprise. The service was great as was the food. I had a pizza and if you like thin, crispy crust you will enjoy the pizza as well. The music was a little loud for a Sunday dinner, especially since we were pretty much the only ones in the restaurant. I will go again, probably during the week so I can get a taste of what it is like when it is busy!! Overall...decent meal!
4	i gotta tell you i love hannys.if you don't know the story Hanny's used to be a department storeabout 50 years ago. the city considered the painted sign on the buildingto be a city land mark so they decided to just keep the nameAND all the pierre cardin signs on the wall! it's gorgeous. from the mirror bottomed elevator shaft to the stream lined bathrooms, this place is an architectural beauty.and the foods not to bad either. :)i HIGHLY recommend their pizzas.if you're by yourself they are good as a mealor with someone as an appetizer. you see the crust is so thin and flakey you don't feel like a totalporker if you eat the whole thing. try the prosciutto but sub basil for the arugula.my only complaint is the mar-TINIS  and i mean teeni tiny. freaking 9 bucks for 5 ounces of vodka?blllllooooowww me.
2	I'd heard some positive buzz, but was rather unimpressed. We hit Hanny's on a Friday night and it struck me as one of those places that try to do too much and end up not doing much very well. My salad was okay but nothing I'd make a special trip for, my friend who ordered the Shrimp Pancetta appetizer said it was yummy, but the third in our party had the Pork Calabrese sandwich and it was so greasy I my skin almost broke out just sitting next to it. The too-loud (and "too cool") DJ and overpriced drinks didn't help the situation. It is a cool space and perhaps I just wanted too much, but I was simply disappointed.I would give it another try, but only if other people were going and it was an "I'll meet up with you there" kind of thing. It definitely wouldn't be my pick. I hear the pizzas are a tasty option and I would give them a try if I find myself back there. Maybe they will win me over then.
3	Like a lot of other reviewers, I was excited about the concept of Hanny's when I first heard of it. We need more elegant dining options downtown, and the idea of operating such a restaurant inside this classic old department store sounds too irresistible. After eating lunch there with my spouse, I'd say that they succeeded, for the most part.We arrived at about 12:30 on a Friday. The place was mostly deserted. In this case, it was OK since the staff performed extra attentively. All three of the women who served us were extremely nice and helpful. Honestly, I didn't get any of the haughtiness that other yelpers noticed in that department.We both ordered pizzas. While waiting for our lunch, we explored the upstairs and the plexiglass covered elevator shaft. The bathroom area looked like something out of 2001: A Space Odyssey. Thankfully, they didn't totally gut what made the department store so unique. Pretty neat! As the food arrived, I was surprised to find the pizzas are actually a good size for a filling meal. The food was perfectly prepared and priced fairly. Personally, I love thin crust pizza, and for that reason the meal did not disappoint. My partner even needed a doggie bag. We also had glasses of water served in "piss elegant" thin glasses, but at least the staff were attentive enough to give us plenty of refills.What about the atmosphere? The dining room was beautifully appointed with leather and marble tabletops, but on the whole it seemed cold and echoey. Sometimes it felt like we were dining in a tomb. I imagine this place is a lot more inviting at night, with a full house.All in all, it was a good but not thrilling dining experience. I would recommend that the curious at least give this place a try. The only complaint I have, like the others here, is the limited menu. Aside from pizza, they only serve 3 or 4 varieties of unexciting sandwiches and salads. It's the one thing that keeps me from giving Hanny's a four star rating. There IS some good news, however. Staffers told us that, starting tonight (5/22), they will be serving an expanded menu. The only deletion was a sandwich served on an English muffin that looked too expensive, anyway. It might be worth a re-visit for that reason alone.
2	Let me say this: the bar at Hanny's is one of the best looking bars in Phoenix. This square-shaped sparkly thing gets an A+ on the presentation, and they make some great cocktails. The rest of the place... not so much. I agree with everyone else: Hanny's has a great concept for a place. They left the skeleton of an old department store intact -- complete with a completely unusable second story -- but the results aren't spectacular. The restaurant looks great inside, like it should be a real classy establishment. So why are they serving pizzas here? The pies are decent, yeah, but really? Shouldn't we be getting steak here? Prime rib? A nice grouper fillet perhaps? With such a nice space and a primo location right in the heart of downtown, I'd think Hanny's could step it up in the food department. It's like this place is confused about who it wants to be: a neighborhood fare spot or a classy dining destination.
4	I really wanted to come here. Finally, after months of trying to get my husband we came here last Saturday. We got there about midnight but the place serves food till 1 which was awesome since we were at Castles and Coasters with friends and were totally starving. The food, I had the chopped salad, was amazing. It came all separate on the plate and I was really worried that there was no way I could get the salad all mixed up on the plate, but it worked out great and the salad was so so good! My husband and our friends also had some pretty great meals. The decor is just super cool, there is tons of mirrors in the hallways upstairs on your way to the bathroom. It is a great place and I really wish it was busier!!! We will be back because it was so well worth it.
3	You've got to give the place credit. It has personality. It has charm. It has a unique feature -- a nonworking elevator with a plexy glass floor and ceiling so that when an unsuspecting visitor is pushed in, they experience a moment of terror of plummeting to their death. And, the kicker: Hanny's is said to be haunted (this according to the waitstaff).   I'm curious if/when you visit, you check out the bathrooms on the top floor.  The set up is kind of creepy and reminded me of a scene out of  "The Shining"...Hanny's has a history. It use to be one of the original department stores in Phoenix. After it closed, the fire department used it for training drills.  You can still see the scorched walls in the elevator shaft.With all this charm, I might consider overlooking the overpriced drinks. I ordered a martini, which came out in a tiny glass (maybe 4-5 oz ). The charge was $7.50,  I jokingly asked our server  if Hanny's put the "teenie" in "Martini"?  I thought it was funny, but the waiter didn't. Moreover, I was left disappointed with the menu selection. It seemed dull and limited. But, as the waiter explained, Hanny's was developed as a wine bar and the limited menu was intentional. I just think with the great location and status, this place has so much more potential! For an appetizer we ordered the Bruchetta -- which is mostly olives (as oppose to traditional tomato bruchetta). For dinner, I ordered the veggie pizza - which seemed flavorless.   They had two actual dinner specials which change daily/weekly and my husband seemed content and satisfied with his "special."  I think Hanny's is a nice experience, but a little underwhelming if you are actually hungry.
5	Hanny's is my new favorite restaurant/bar in Arizona.    Why it doesn't get five stars across the board is beyond me.   Great ambience, superbly designed, great pizzas, well made drinks, friendly bar-staff, open late, unique cocktail choices, and it's not that expensive!   I wish they had some better appetizers, but that will not stop me from dropping five stars on this place.    Pimm's Cup! Yes.
4	A friend and I stopped in to Hanny's for lunch and have vowed to return.  The menu is brief but it seems like most of the items have a lot of thought put into them and the quality seems very high.  I ordered a personal pizza, a white version with prosciutto, fontina cheese and thinly sliced apple.  The tartness of the apple was perfect foil to the saltiness of the ham and the lush cheese.  Friend got the porchetta sandwich, pork loin with cheese, olives, onions on a really toothsome artisan bread.  Delicious... I'll get one of those when we go back.  We also enjoyed the long leather sofas with reclining back, and the classical music.   Nice to know that downtown has such an appealing alternative for lunch!
3	Hanny's is an amazing interior! It looks very "Oh-I'm-in-LA-or-New-York" inside. However, our dinner did not match up to the tasteful decor of the restaurant, in fact, taste was the problem! Who called the pizza a giant saltine? It's true! Worse, all the ingredients were dumped indifferently onto the top, and the flavors were obscured by each other! Our pizza tasted like an arugula salad slathered in Chef Boy-ar-dee tomato sauce. The drinks were a nice source of amusement. We didn't order alcohol, but when we requested refills, the waiter looked mortified and said "I can only give you ONE!" This place has the potential to be the "go-to" of downtown Phoenix, but they've got to tune up the menu, or they are going to be a big empty men's store once again!
3	HUGE space on 1st St., with nice decor, although a little too drab for my tastes. And the music is offbeat...a little classical, a little New Age, a little jazz. The bathrooms are super weird, as you'd expect from the people behind AZ88. The service is very friendly, if not always the most prompt. The food is...well, it's nothing memorable. Their "bruschetta" is really more like an olive tapenade, with crostini on the side. When I asked a friend how he liked Hanny's, he said, "It's good, but a little oily." I thought, "what?!" but I understood what he meant when I saw and tasted the crostini. And then came the prosciutto pizza. While I loved the thin crust, the nice sauce, the prosciutto, arugala, and fresh shaved parmigiano-reggiano, the cheese was also super oily. Bring the Tums, people. Dessert was the biggest flop of all. The lemon meringue tart had almost no lemon at all. It was basically warm, runny meringue (which the waitress said had just been freshly made...obviously not well) on a crust. It was like it was missing a whole layer of lemon filling. Hanny's will be a cool place to hang out and grab a drink after Suns or D-backs games, but it's not a place to go to for the food.
4	I dig Hanny's. It's a great addition to the downtown Phoenix scene, both for during the day and at night. There is plenty of parking around Hanny's, albeit at meters, but if you go at night the meters turn off at 8 pm. The space is open, so you can definitely tell it was a department store in its previous life. The elevator shaft still freaks me out everytime I go and I am still confused a bit by the bathrooms, although I am not sure if it's because they are trendy or if because I usually have been drinking when I need to go upstairs for the bathroom.I've had lunch twice now at Hanny's and have sampled both one of the sandwiches - the BLT Supremo (it is a BLT with hard boiled egg and cheese)- and a pizza - Bianco. While I loved my sandwich, I was very underwhelmed by the pizza. However, I am not a fan of thin crust pizza, so that is probably the reason why. The sandwich was a nice size and they cooked the bacon perfectly for me. The sandwich came with some onion straws, so that satisfied my fried food guilty pleasure. Prices at Hanny's are, for the most part, really reasonable. The pizza, which is a nice size, was $11, and the sandwich was around $8 or so. I've only bought beer to drink, but my Stella Artois on Friday night was $5. Domestic beers looked to run around $3-4. I have found the service at the bar to be fast, but table service during lunch to be pretty slow and non-attentive. It's definitely a good spot to check out when you are downtown!
4	What a cool spot! Came here the other night for a drink and was pleasantly surprised that a place that used to be a clothing store could be turned into such a charming lounge. Feeling a little adventurous, and because I freakin' LOVE Brazilians, I opted for the Capiriana.. Fortunately, the bartender did not disappoint because these can be hit or miss. It even came with a sugar stick lolly-pop, pink I may add, so that was pretty neat. Feeling the munchies come on, I ordered the snack plate, which came with a variety of sliced meats and cheeses, along with pistachios, bread & olives.. perfect for sharing too! The interior is huge, and very open.. I love that the bar is situated directly in the middle too, friendly bartenders and tons of seating. . Unfortunately I didn't venture to the bathroom, which is supposed to be a site to see.. maybe next time.
3	We were downtown chic last week and attended a Mercury game (VIP I might add...for whatever that's worth!) and dined afterward at Hanny's. WOW! Walking in I felt the heaven's had opened and the choir was a-singin'! This space should be my home. Beautiful, modern decor with the right lighting casting a soothing blanket of warmth. Nice. Greeted immediately we sat at a high top table near the window. I was so consumed with the fabulous company I was with I hadn't realized something. We. Were. The. Only. Diners. A few bar flies scattered around the bar in the middle of the room. 9:15 on a Thursday. My heart sank. Or was I actually slipping off the bar stool from those two $9 beers from the Mercury game? The good:Well, service was swift and friendly. Though he seemed a tad nervous. Perhaps because we smelled of lesbians. Not sure. Ambience. Duh! Covered that. Including the restrooms and the glassed in elevator shaft. I still get dizzy just thinking of that!PIZZA. Yep. I never would order pizza in a non pizza place. Rickie did. Rickie won. Rickie ate. Carne pizza. Order it!The bad:TINY martinis. Who makes these? Barbie? Tattoo from Fantasy Island? The Lucky Charm leprachaun?Empty room. Bummer. I like a good, energetic, lively vibe. But we did entertain ourselves with lively banter about nothing important and most certainly became shallow and caddy. Realllllly, makes you want to hang out with me, eh?The ugly:My sandwich. The prime rib, with thick slabs o bacon, fried egg on ciabatta. Steak Umms. Was all I could compare it to. So disappointed. One thin, thin, thin, strip of, er, um, prime rib *cough* *cough* Steak Umms. Dry. Bland. Overcooked. Like my Aunt Helen after too much Chardonnay at a backyard BBQ. Onion strings, however, FANTASTIC.My other diner/Mercury fans were OK with their sandwiches; I remember one had pork the other hard boiled eggs. Not sure exactly. Sorry. Those $9 beers really did a number on me. The good Part 2 Electric Boogaloo:Onion strings! Had to repeat. I WILL GO BACK TO YOU HANNY'S. It was sort of like an awkward first date. Started off dicey. In the middle we had some laughs and wiped mayo from our lips. But did we kiss at the end of the night? Hmmm...not so sure. Let's see what happens on that second date.
4	Heading out to the Dodge Theater for a Lyle Lovette concert last Thurs - 8/13 and decided we needed to try a new place!  We had walked by Hanny's before, but it looked a bit too trendy for our past outings ...this time though,  we were goin' in!! Arrived and loved the ambiance - light music playing in the background.  The place was very hip and contemporary, but not 'unfriendly' ....had a good vibe to it.  Unfortunately for them, they weren't horribly busy.  We were greeted and seated promptly.  As we were commenting about the coolness of the place the music got a bit louder and then it turned WEIRD.... when the waitress stopped to take our drink order - i even asked 'is THAT music??'  to which she confirmed it was -  hummmmDon't worry - the music eventually turned into normal tunes suitable for dining and talking  : ) Drinks??  Oh my - they have quite a few interesting choices.  My date ordered the mojito - it was art in itself!  Beautiful and quite tasty!I had a wonderful glass (or two)  of the Leese Fitch Cabernet wine --mmmmm, it was very good!!  For starts we ordered the Bar Plate appetizer.  The prosciutto was great, melon was perfectly ripe, cheese, nuts were very good.  The olives were ok -noting special. BTW - My wine went splendidly with everything on the plate, and in case you are wondering, the bar plate was perfect for two to share.  I will confess, we are 'trying' to eat lighter these days ...(arghhhh) so instead of trying several different things as my stomach was hoping,  we opted to split a pizza.  We ordered the veggie pizza and added chicken!  yah -- i hear ya - it's really no longer a 'veggie' pizza is it??  Anyhoo ...the pizza was FANTASTIC!!  it was perfectly cooked - i loved the crust and the veggies ...ohhh and the chicken too!  (like i said - it was a great pizza!) Oh and we polished off the whole pizza!!  Truly i really would have tried to steal a slice from my date, but he ate faster than i did!!   I think next time, i'll order more!  I did catch a glimpse of plates being served and the sandwiches look amazing as did the salads.  I'm looking forward to trying those too!!!At the end of it all ..... i know i will definitely go there again. I wouldn't say you need to be 'dressed up' for Hanny's but you certainly wouldn't want to show up in gym clothes. Like i had mentioned earlier, it wasn't too busy so i hope the word continues to get out and they stay in business.  It is such a great place for downtown dinning!!
3	I came to Hanny's on a recommendation from a friend after looking for a sexy and not too much of a bank breaker place to go with a group of friends for my birthday. I have to admit I was skeptical because of the mixed reviews I saw, but I definitely walked away fairly impressed. When the first few of us to arrive walked in, we asked for a table for 10 and then proceeded to head up to the restrooms. This was the best decision we could have made for the following reasons:a) We discovered the mirrored hallway and pink walls. b) We also discovered the sexiest bathrooms alive.3) I would've never known about the swanky reclining booth seating upstairs that was set away from everything else. Upon heading downstairs I inquired about the upstairs. I was told it was usually saved for when the downstairs was full, but upon stating it was my birthday party, we were kindly allowed upstairs. We ended up having enough people for 2-3 booths so this was great.The waiter started out great at first. Refilling water and being patient on the rest of our crowd to arrive. When we all got the point where it was time to order, things started getting confusing and the service started becoming very slow. I received the wrong pizza. I was able to finally get the right one after a little discussion and time, but by the time that happened I had been munching on other things and it was also close to when we were leaving so I had to box it all. Good part? It still tasted delicious for dinner tonight. When the time to get our checks came it got insanely confusing and several people had the wrong items on their checks and had to get a new check printed several times. The food menu is limited and the service is slow, so I'm not sure I'd return here for dinner again, but I won't say I will never go back. Their drink menu is AMAZING. I was so excited to see such a great list of champagne cocktails and other items. The place is also insanely sexy. I love the lighting, the music, the seating, and the history of the building. I however do not like walking into where the elevator used to be. Hot pink daisy on our table? Also a win!
3	So we went for an office lunch here sometime about a week ago. It must have been good because I am still thinking about it!! The ambiance was amazing, even at lunch. It really is my kinda place with the very clean and modern. Something I think Phoenix really lacks. Being a proud Yelp'er, I did my research beforehand and found out there a few "Do Not Miss" items outside of the food. Soon after we were seated and had our drinks on the way, I headed off for the "bottomless" elevator shaft... Alright, alright, it was pretty cool. Look a little close and you will realize that its actually only about 20 feet down and there is a mirror at the bottom which makes it seem much longer than it actually is. I won't lie though, I still didn't step all the way in...lol. We had onion strings for the appetizer. AMAZING!! There were a few people that ordered the pizzas. I would say this is probably the best value, dollar for dollar. I had the Pork Milanese. Often times I will go for the less traditional item on the menu. It was an interesting combination to say the least. A white marbled pork loin, that is pounded down, breaded and fried, then served with an array of fresh veggies and even more onion strings. A little salty however. I shouldn't go without mentioning the service... Phenomenal!! I will go back.
5	For some unknown reason, I haven't been to Hanny's until tonight. This place is living history, like an interactive museum and bar. The building is the youngest historic building downtown, built in 1942 I believe. Hanny's has much more of an east coast or Chicago feel as opposed to the more typical Los Angeles vibe so prevalent (which isn't bad or anything). The building is simply stunning: the basement, the elevator shaft, the upstairs, the bathrooms, the pillars, the bar, the huge windows. The music wasn't screeching. It was rather pleasant, not annoying. The bartenders and servers were friendly and focused. I hadn't had a Manhattan in forever so I got that... and loved it. I drank my drink and drank in the atmosphere and architecture. I am so proud of the people who made this happen. Phoenix deserves more people with foresight and vision like this. Hanny's is a gem in downtown Phoenix.
4	I ventured here again this past Saturday night, to crash a date of all things.. Date crashing was a success, as well as the 2 other things I needed to check off my Hanny's to-do list.. A.) Try the Cauliflower & B.) Use the bathroom. A.) Cauliflower is so f'ing under-rated. Esp. when you come up with a genius idea to pair it with bell peppers, onion, mushroom, red pepper flakes and ONION STRINGS, are you joking me..?! This shit was delicious! Totally try it. Next time I promised myself I would try the asparagus with egg.. anything topped with a fried egg has to be pretty money.. so, that is now on my to-do list, and I can't wait. B.) Bathrooms are a TRIP. Lets put it this way... Have you ever played Kingdom Hearts and gone into the widget room that looks like a crazy maze (yes, here comes the nerd in me), or watched Alice in Wonderland while on psychedelic drugs (okay, me neither but I can imagine its comparable).. mirrors, everywhere, colors, lights, vacant elevator shafts with glass bottoms, unmarked doors, which I can only assume used to be dressing rooms at one point considering Hanny's used to be a clothing store, only one sign that says "men", so ladies, don't even worry about it.. just walk in any one of the doors and you're in toilet heaven, I say that because every one of the rooms I went in was CLEAN.. and I went in a few because I have a bladder the size of a 3 year olds. I could also see some of the surrounding corridors being a wonderful place for a generic drunken photo shoot.. (or maybe this has already happened.. I'll never tell).OK enough about the bathrooms, but they are just THAT cool.I like this place even more than I did before. Service was as excellent as the last time and plenty of cozy seating to accommodate the group I was with... For some reason it gives me the feel of something I would discover in Manhattan, or the South End of Beantown. This place is truly a DT gem.
4	After an amazing Depeche Mode concert, and ensuing idiotic try @ the Hard Rock, my posse and I headed over to Hanny's with a hunger and a thirst that needed to be sated. And, since we heard they did the late-night food thing @ Hanny's, it sounded perfect.Dude...Whoa...That's pretty much what happened when my friend and I went up the stairs through the fun-house mirrored corridor to find the bathrooms. I felt like I was in a messed-up dream and one of the doors was hiding the gates of hell. It was bizarre, vertiginous, and I wasn't sure that I'd be able to go back through that hallway to get to the main dining level. Whooo! But I had to pee later, and everything was ok on the second trip. But it sure as hell needed getting used to.But still, an amazing space, very "Logan's Run" in the crisp, almost sterile, blue/green hues that pervaded throughout.  I didn't feel like I was in Phoenix at all. Too big, too groovy, too put-together. I could envision the place packed to the gills like a NYC joint. No pretentiousness that I experienced, which, from the looks of the place, I was a little wary at first. We got down with some Peroni's, which I enjoyed, as not many places carry that beer. Ordered a couple flatbread pizzas which were super-tasty, and some potato strings that were just kinda fun to eat. Pretty much just had a good, easy-going time, drinking and eating with chill tunes saturating the environment. Our server, aside from possessing spectacularly classic beauty, was really cool and down-to-earth, attentive, helpful...just awesome.  As a sweaty pedestrian post-concert goer, I had a great experience, and was glad to be treated so warmly late on a Sunday night. I will definitely go back whenever I'm downtown. Yay!
5	I was so happy to see a seemingly cool, yet upscaley type ultra bar in Phoenix.... My friend, a non average, non clubby, 30+ year old doctor. in Scottsdale and I are a bit tired of venturing out into the land of plastics-dale., (jussayin).. for an ultra lounge so we can actually catch up without screaming or dodging hands or spilled cheap vodka... SO he drives over to 'my area'  and recommends Hannys.. heres the catch.. parking can be a trick...but I lived in cities far worse.. so we walk a bit...so what? No lines... no creepy, weird velvet rope guys leaving half my party out to get in...WHAT???? Inside Hannys, the place has high ceilings and is super cool.... we sat at the bar, but there are low couches and chairs surrounding small tables for that loungey feel. I was happy to find a Kir Royale... you dont see those much in these parts.. AND it wasnt made with a American sparkling wine... but rather a French champagne! We had a antipasto platter of dried meats and cheeses... chatted with the super nice and highly articulate bartender.. even comp'd us a martini that we didnt quite 'understand'... he just said, 'try it' .. Theres a DJ and he spins cool music that doesnt over power you..and you dont even have to yell to be heard over the music... bathrooms are up stairs... and thats kind of cool too... have your date walk you up... and look down... go there.. you'll know what I mean....
4	I really like Hanny's, even after my most recent experience there.  The bottom line is that Hanny's is a great place with good food and terrific classic-style cocktails.  The Pimm's Cup is fantastic, for example.  The DJ deserves mad props as well, and the whole place is fairly gorgeous.  I love the decor and the reclining booths.  Basically this is a great spot for a bite and a couple drinks.  I've had a couple pizzas, a sandwich, and a taste of the cauliflower veggie plate, and while nothing was exactly stand-out awesome, (although now that i say that my mind goes back to the meat-lovers' pizza i sampled and my mouth starts watering...) i would order any of it again.  The one uneven spot has been the service.  The first time i was ever here, only a month ago, we were served by a novice, and it showed.  painfully so.  the times i've visited since, we've had experienced servers who have done their job pretty well.
4	I had always heard about the legendary Hanny's from Mr. Dallas G and finally got to pay this place a visit a few weeks back. I have since visited two more times for drinks and apps and a bathroom stop. More on those. I was expecting some sort of sports bar type joint for some reason, I don't know why. Well, it is the polar opposite. Another hip downtown bar/restaurant that looks more like an upscale clothing store. Which, I found out it used to be. Ah-ha. The bar is in the middle of the joint and is brightly lit and open. What's cool is that they serve this thing called a "small plate" with prosciutto, fresh Parmesan, roasted pistachios, kalamata olives, and roasted red peppers. They slice the prosciutto and cut hunks off of a wheel of Parmesan right there. Awesome touch! Plus it tastes great and is only $4. The beer is also icy cold. I have also had the cauliflower, which has mushrooms, red peppers, chili flakes, and shoestring onions. This was really good as well. The bathrooms. Everyone talks about these things. They are upstairs, down this Star Trek-esque corridor with mirrors and tiny tiles. There is only one marked door for a restroom(Mens). All the other doors are for stalls, I guess. I haven't stopped at any of those. They are sexy bathrooms. My guess was that these used to be dressing rooms. The DJ "spins" music from his laptop in a little nook upstairs.This would be a great place for a first date or after dinner drinks on a first date.
4	I always run into the same old friends in Downtown Phoenix.  This always reminds me how (though MASSIVE) the city of Phoenix has this little niche downtown where everyone seems to know everyone.Somehow, even in the midst of everyone knowing everyone, there are always restaurants to share at these happenstance meetings.  For example, I had somehow never heard of Hanny's up until this point.My friend assured me that I had to try it out.  I am so glad I did!  I went there the first time for lunch and was immediately enamored with the space.  The elements are mostly square and granite gray with a large square bar in the center of the first floor dining area.  The gray is not cold, but cool and inviting.  At the bar, they cut fresh prosciutto (which, though my pescatarian mouth will not be tasting it, I can still appreciate).The food was filling and tasty.  A deliciously seasoned portabella mushroom sandwich and a Hanny's salad (served at an enormous portion) are my favorites.  The sandwiches come with onion crispies which is kind of a guilty pleasure.An elevator as well as stairs lead up to the upstairs loft.  An old elevator shaft next to the functioning elevator (the building was build some time in the 1940s I believe) has been cleared out and glass installed so you can get quite an endless view which adds even more character and enjoyment to the place.There is a second bar upstairs and more dining space.  HOWEVER, my favorite part of the upstairs are the bathrooms.  You walk through a narrowing mirrored passage into an oval shaped room.  You might not even notice that there are doors all around you, but the waitstaff has told you to "push" on one of the walls.  The whole room is paneled with while doors that at first glance just appear to be part of the wall.  Each is a separate bathroom (so gender neutral, which is great).  The whole upstairs is a bit like being Alice falling down the rabbit hole (in a good way).Come here for a nice lunch or at night if you want to treat it fancy and get semi-dressed up (which the mood would certainly allow--I want to host a dinner here!).
4	Im out with my friend Sara and we have visited a few places prior in the evening looking for the best hangouts close to the light rail stops. We had drive this night and we parked across the street from Matadors and in front of Hanny's, a department store turned restaurant. Sara was already in the car when I turned around and peered into the window of the hip new lounge. There was no sign in the front and I had to ask the bartender what the name of the place was. A clean contemporary lounge with stainless steel and concrete mixed in with black leather that extrudes and odor reminiscent of its old department store days. I notice one of my favorite beverages on the back of the menu and order it without hesitation. This will be my fifth of the night, a Brazilian caipirinha, Sara orders a dry Chianti and a bar plate, prosciutto with fresh Parmesan and melon; Ironic since she is a vegetarian. The music is a good mix of high energy, house and electronica with a little pop.  The DJ was spinning and watching over the bar through an opening above the door like a war prisoner in his inaccessible cage. The bartender throws me a bone about the downstairs lounge that is open and draws a crowd for late night activities. Walking to the bathrooms upstairs was an adventure. On the way to the stairs is an opening with a glass floor that is about twenty feet above glass; that reflects the glass twenty feet above my head and everything between. I'm drinking a very difficult drink to perfect, the mojito. With the caipirinha falling ever so slight on its mark in sugar department, I am giving the bartender another opportunity. And it's right on the money with the mojito. Sara is eager to get to the other 3 stops left in our night but its hard to leave the growing Sunday crowd and shiny objects that fill this new wonderland. We go upstairs and take our picture in the lighted mirrors before we leave.  The bill was $ 36 bucks.
4	Hanny's is cool.  The look and feel of Hanny's is sleek and sophisticated.  Concrete, marble, leather/ vinyl, and glass make up the surroundings.  I am quite comfortable in Hanny's among the edgy materials.I started the evening with a champagne cocktail, the Bellini.  There are four or five choices.  I did enjoy it.  I ordered the Roast Beef for my main dish.  I was a good sandwich.  I actually enjoyed the garnish more than the sandwich.  It was a simple salad with Gorgonzola.  Delicious.The pizzas at Hanny's are great.  Paper thin crusts and fresh toppings make for good eating.  I can eat a whole pizza myself and still walk out the front door.The DJ is always spinning the coolest house..Take your time at Hanny's, enjoy the great cocktails and good food.  Lounge for a while.
4	I am only giving it 4 stars because of service. Otherwise, we loved it! Went here for drinks after dinner on my birthday on a Saturday night. The place is totally cool and had plenty of room for our group (20 people) to hang out and drink without disturbing the diners. We all got a huge kick out of the renovated elevator shaft and the cool unisex bathrooms. I won't go into detail because most of the other reviews pretty much have it covered. Make sure to check out the DJ located in a little space up above everyone else. The bar is the middle of the place was perfect for the open feel of Hanny's. there was lots of space and various seating options. We settled on the large couches in the front window. There is also space upstairs for eating and drinking if you prefer a more private experience. The service was lacking so I suggest you go to the bar over using a server for cocktails (a friend waited 30 minutes for an Appletini with no apologies when it finally arrived.) The crowd was a mixed bag of people but everyone was pretty nice. This place is cool and hip without being pretentious. We will be going back next time we are in the area!We did not eat anything but from what I saw, it looked good. Mainly, pizza and sandwiches.
2	A place that still honors fashion; even after its destruction and reconstruction of the building that once housed a top of the line Department store. If only i could give it a higher rating, based solely on that, but alas this review is about the food. We arrived about 10pm on a friday, so i was thrilled that the full menu was still available; as the entire downtown PHX had almost closed down completely. We sat at the sleek bar, only to be served by a gentleman wearing a filthy butchers apron, it was so unappealing, but i thought if others stayed regardless, then the food must be off the hook!The music definitely moved me, and i think its what was keeping the people there, lucky for the kitchen.Wrong, It was anything but. The pizza margarita tasted as though it were made with cheddar, exactly like a mexican cheese crisp. Not good at all! Turns out they make it with a mixture of 3 italian cheeses mozzarella, provolone and asiago. In my opinion provolone should always be served with a meat or mushrooms, because its bold flavor is too over powering to be served with light flavors. The pork sandwich was soo dry, it was served on hard bread too. I had one bite and left it for brian. I won't be trying that one again. The best part of my meal was only $4+ and it was the side salad=super big. They added hearts of palms too! I couldn't believe the serving size. Too bad their balsamic dressing is straight balsamic, It would have been okay had they brought out olive oil too. They served me a gobblet of straight balsamic dressing for the salad. I think they are trying very hard to be cool, but they exert little effort. They do half the job great, then they slack off, so its kinda like being in Willy Wonka's half room. You fall in love with one part, then quickly realize it lacks big time.The decor is nice, but not enough to make up for the weird uniforms of dirty white butcher shirts or the proscuitto sitting out in the open air; with flys dancing around, sitting on your meat and having a feast until they slice off your piece. Not my cup 'o tea thank you very much. Maybe my next try will be better, because I will give it another 2 times, as it takes 3 times to know what they trully have to offer.
4	This restaurant/bar was a bit confusing when we walked in, but ended up as a great experience.  Once we understood the story behind the bar it made great sense....Hanny's was a department store in downtown Phoenix.  The owners of AZ 88 bought the failing store and redesigned it as a posh restaurant/bar/lounge.  The decor was very simple, but worked with the flow of the classic store magnificently.  Also, the food was unexpectedly very good - try the BLT.
4	What do Hanny's and a trumpet player have in common?  Nothing actually, but while I was enjoying a Pimm's cup the Bad Cactus Brass Band spontaneously paraded itself around the dining room to the tune of  When the Saints Go Marching In.  Hanny's was pretty empty for what is normally considered rush hour on a Friday night.  It also gave me the feeling of being in a train station, not sure why exactly.  Maybe it's the color scheme, it's sort of monochromatic with black, grey and a pop of white.  It also feels cold and usually I'm cold when in train stations.  I don't know, that is just the vibe I get.  Don't get me wrong, I liked it. The service was great, but I think I will only be back for drinks and maybe an appetizer.  The food is really nothing special and I think I'd rather go to AZ88.  The only menu items I've tried are from the sandwich section, so it could be that I need to give Hanny's another shot.  I would like to try the pizza, but didn't on this visit because I swear I'd had pizza three times that week.  I was starting to feel like a college student again.  The delivery guy even said something like, "You sure do like pizza.  I've been here a lot lately."  Hey, don't judge me.
5	I loved this place! We went for my birthday, with 25 people & the service was excellent! Our drinks never went empty & our server was great. The portions are pretty big so the prices are reasonable. I got the standard BLT & loved the bacon they put on it. The martinis are small but powerful! I would reccomend this place to everyone!!
4	I'll update to 4 stars. I have been back several times, and it's a very good location if you meeting up with a group of people. Variety of drinks, reasonable prices. They have a sampler plate for $4, comes with nuts, cheese, meat, and bread. Very nice little snack! The pizzas are thin, but good & filling.
3	3.5, really, but we all know how that works on Yelp...In terms of drinks, my peach bellini was tasty and (thankfully) heavy on the prosecco, and the few sips of St. Germain I tried were absolutely phenomenal - easily the best drink in our party of nine.The DJ was great the night we were there, the overall look and vibe of Hanny's is very hip and classy, without making me feel like I should be trying harder, or acting more pretentious.  (The upstairs mirrored makeout nook and elevator shaft are just as great as you'd imagine!)However.  Our drinks took FOREVER, and our waiter was not very helpful for recommendations, or in giving descriptions of the drinks ("Uh, there's bourbon in it?"  Thanks, but I was looking for something a little more detailed than repeating one of the SIX ingredients in the drink...) and my friend's martini was far from dirty.I'd definitely go back, but there are things Hanny's could (and should) look to improve.
3	Went there pre-Suns game last night to check it out. It is definitely a nice place to go before a game for some cocktails. The classic martini is only 5 bucks! Unfortunately, the service was very poor.  We ordered a bruschetta appetizer and two meals.   The meals came and the waitress came over to apologize that she forgot to put in the appetizer. She ended up bringing it when we were 2/3 done with our meal...so, obviously not craving or hungry for it.  Regardless, she still charged us despite admitting to her mistake.  This was annoying and our tip adjusted for this poor decision.  The food was ok- nothing special. I ordered the roast beef sandwich and it was quite bland.  I think I would have rather eaten a burger at hard rock before the game, but the drinks were good.
3	My buddy and gave Hanny's a try before last night's Suns game -- it was hit and miss for this establishment.  I expected more from the same guy who brought us the venerable AZ88.What I liked:$5 martinis and a robust wine list made for a nice pre-game watering hole for non-beer drinkers like myself.  The glasses are smaller than those at AZ88, but just as filled to the brim and at less than half the price.The food was OK.  I ordered the chopped salad, but was surprised to discover that it wasn't really "chopped." Large chunks of red-leaf lettuce accompanied by cherry tomatoes, chopped onions, and a few other ingredients.  It could have been larger and more complex.The prices are fantastic. Brad ordered the roast beef sandwich for around $9, which came on fresh focaccia bread and was stacked with bacon and a fried egg.  He said that it was OK, but could have benefited by some more flavor -- perhaps a nice sauce.  My chopped salad was around $8, so also a healthy bargain.What I did not like:The service.  Our server admitted to forgetting to place our appetizer order (the bruschetta), so our entrees arrived first.  When she realized her mistake, she apologized and said that the bruschetta will "be right out." However, she still charged us for it.  Not good.The atmosphere.  Sterile and cold, with a monochromatic color scheme and too many clean lines.  It reminded me of a hotel bar in Manhattan, with minimalist intentions taken to the extreme.  There was nothing warm or inviting about Hanny's, and it's not the type of place I would have stopped in had I been simply walking through the neighborhood.  All in all a nice option for a pre-game drink or snack, but not the type of place I'd make my destination on a Saturday night.  A decent addition to the downtown neighborhood, but lacking the vibrance of a place where someone would be happy to call his or herself a regular.
5	I live downtown, so this place is a walking distance for me. I have been here so many times and have brought so many of my friends to come try this place out.The food has always been so good (been during lunch, dinner, and late hours). Pizza and sandwiches are my favorite! Drinks are strong and good. Servers and bartenders have always been so friendly and helpful with suggestions. Prices are so reasonable, too. I am happy to have this as a nearby place to come grab food and drinks!
1	The worst restraurant experience I have had in years. I was visiting from Chicago with friends. The service from the server and the manager were horrible. The food was not eatable. They could care less. Too bad Phoenix, I really liked the decor, the bar, and the people. Gay's, Straight's, and in between FYI. Bad news unless you are that desperate. No place like home, Sweet Home Chicago!!!!!!
5	A million stars to Hanny's! This is the best bar in downtown Phoenix. The music is great, the drinks specials are amazing. I was feeling kinda hungry so I ordered a pizza and it was delicious. Upscale, classy, very 1940s, like I said in my first review, Hanny's is a gem in downtown Phoenix.
4	Went here for a couple of drinks on a Tuesday night. The drinks were good and had decent prices. The bar tender was also very helpful. I guess Hanny's is opened by the same people who brought us AZ88 which makes me want to come back and try the food. They are also one of the only restaurants in downtown Phoenix serving food past 10om. Who knew?? I would also recommend going to the bathroom before you get a few drinks in you. Just like AZ88, the bathrooms here are a major part of the restaurant experience. There are no tvs here which I kind of liked.
4	I give Hanny's two thumbs up for being one of the first modern and avante garde restaurants to hit the downtown Phoenix metro area. Hanny's originated from Scottsdale's AZ88 restaurant. The building used to house a men's clothing department store and its very mod but the staff is very friendly, service-oriented and the building has some usually fun architectural finds. I would recommend for appetizers the bar plate that comes with prosciutto di parma, parmigiano reggiano, melon, green Olives, kalamata olives, pistachio nuts and ciabatta bread. The Quattro pizza topped with a fried egg is amazing and the roast beef sandwich is also good. They also have great drink specialties and carry ginger beer that is often hard to find. They are open late so it's great for alcohol and appetizers and the bar is very large. They also have an upstairs area for private parties. I definitely recommend this place if you are downtown.
2	My sister and I ended up here after First Friday last night, and I was surprised to find that the place wasn't packed like every other bar down town. One sip of my drink, however, and it all made sense. Hanny's is a beautiful example of adaptive reuse and historic rehabilitation, but I think they went overboard with the modern decor. It feels cold and rather uninviting. We were only there for drinks, which were reasonably priced but not so great. My sister's Pear-tini tasted like Nyquil, and my Ginger Creek was all whiskey and no ginger. We figured we just ordered the wrong things, so we went for dirty martinis for the second round. Priced at $5, it seems like a pretty good deal. However, I get better martinis at the Bikini, and that's with really crappy vodka and a pissed off bartender.We had a good time exploring the place- the elevator shaft, the crazy bathrooms, the little make-out corner upstairs- but in the end, we both agreed that we should have gone to SideBar. Lesson learned.
4	A big group of my friends and I ended up at Hanny's as our final destination for our light rail pub crawl.  Needless to say we were a little intoxicated. Our server Doug took excellent care of us and was also very patient with out drunken demands.  Love the atmosphere and the staff. Thanks Doug!
5	I was looking through my reviews and can't believe I haven't posted a review of Hanny's.  I love Hanny's!  It's an awesome place to go to on a weekend evening.  It's right off the lightrail.  Drinks and food are very affordable and it has an awesome sleek uptown feel without the attitude.Now I would like to take this opportunity to tell you about the first time my boyfriend and I went to this establishment.  We went to a Phoenix Suns game and afterwards we were looking for a place to hang out and chill.  We walked around  Downtown Phoenix for a good 20 minutes.  We weren't interested in the sports bars around the Purple Palace.We came across Hanny's.  After we saw that they had appletinis for only $5, I was sold.  We walked in and thought that it was a really sleek place.  We also couldn't believe that the prices were so reasonable.  We loved the fact that the seats reclined and they had a DJ spinning.  It was almost too good to be true.When my boyfriend and I were seated, I went up the bathroom.  It reminded me of a bath house.  I rushed back down with a look of panic on my face.  I thought it was a a restaurant that catered to "Swingers." We scanned the room and it was mostly couples.  We were almost convinced of it.We started send out a barrage of text messages to find out the real truth about this place.  Only 2 people knew about Hanny's.  Luckily, they reassured us that it wasn't a hangout for swinging couples. LOL!!Anyway, Hanny's is one of our favs in Phoenix and we are happy to have stumble upon it.  I love the fact that the owners saw such potential in making an old department store into a hip hot spot.  If you are looking for something to do on a Friday or Saturday night, I highly recommend taking a group of friends or a date and having a drink at Hanny's.
5	Anything with prosciutto makes me smile.Started off with the Snack Plate which consisted of Sopressatta, Parmigiano Reggiano, PROSCIUTTO!, and other good snackins for just $4! Can't be beat!Then went for the Prosciutto e Mela pizza which was fantastic! I can honestly see myself eating this as my last meal if i were on my death bed. It was THAT yummy.
4	I want to love this place -- I really, really do.But...The bartenders rarely seem to stray from the menu -- and this is exactly the kind of place that should allow them to. Let them shine -- I live in downtown Phoenix and I want a great cocktail, dammit! I've tried probably 70% of the drink menu, and they're all decent - but I want to be taken somewhere totally different by a bartender who knows his/her stuff and isn't afraid to share it!As for food, the roast beef sandwich is very good, as is most of the menu. They've got a manually operated prosciutto slicer that will capture the attention of any good foodie.Come on, Hanny's -- step up and shine!
3	This is a very interesting place.  An old department store turned restaurant and bar with a cool 1940's vibe.  I wasn't around in the 40's so I'm not sure how accurately this place portrays the period but it was a hip, unique and interesting place nonetheless.  There was a very cool vibe going on and I felt like a hip urbanite even knowing about the place.   My party of 5 arrived at about 7pm on a Saturday and the place was pretty dead.  We were seated promptly by a friendly hostess.  We were told that the place gets pretty busy later in the evening as it turns into more of a cocktail lounge.  They have some pretty interesting cocktails which all seem to be 1940's inspired.  I had a classic martini which was very good and reasonably priced.My table split 3 appetizers/salads before our meals:* Cauliflower Calabrese - this was very unique and pretty random if you ask me.  I wasn't really a huge fan of this but the rest of my party was.* Chopped Salad - this was very tasty with lots of good ingredients, but I hate it when everything is separated.  I like my salad to be pre-mixed.* Beet Salad - this was my first beet salad so I'm not sure if it was traditional or not.  Anyway, it was excellent.  I wasn't sure if I would like beets or not because I never have them but I was a big fan of this salad.  I especially liked the goat cheese.For our meals we split the Prosciutto de Parma (minus the prosciutto) and the Quattro.  While they were both pretty good, they weren't too memorable.  They were a good size and perfect for 3+ people to share.I'm still not quite sure what to think of this place.  The ambiance was interesting but didn't really mesh with the food they were serving.  Is this place Italian, 1940's hipster, etc.? I just don't get it.  All-in-all the place was good and a good experience but there are several other bars and pizza places I'd like to check out before I return.
2	Love AZ88 and I wish I liked this place more.  Food is okay, space is nice, but is too airy, and the vibe is just not there.  And the mini martinis for $13???  I hope they can find a way to turn this place around.  I'm reviewing this place about 6-months later, so there's a chance this could have already turned around.  But based on two earlier experiences, it just didn't fit the bill.
4	Downtown and it's late but need a place for a bite and a drink?  Hanny's is a much needed welcome addition to the area.  While the food is not bad go for the atmosphere and drinks.   Atypical from this po-dunk town this is a good place to go solo or meet up with a group.  Also, checkout the $28K meat slicer at the bar (a work of art). Overall:  Great bar.  Great cocktails.  Great service.
4	Granted, I was smashed and had a giggle fit so bad I almost choked to death on my own tears, but I had a blast!This guy who became my best friend, but whose name I never bothered to get, showed me around and I had an adventure!  I felt like a Goonie.  There's this abandoned elevator shaft with thick glass covering it so you can walk onto this platform and look down into this dizzying corridor like Jimmy Stewart climbing the stairs in Vertigo.There was this totally abandoned upstairs with a bathroom area covered in mirrors.  Each bathroom or stall area was individual, so if you had to poop, you could totally do it in privacy, which for me is always a big thing because I get poopie stage fright sometimes and I really, really prefer to be alone.The drinks I bought were cheap and not very expensive at all.  I think it was like $5.25 for a pretty strong gin and tonic.  It was such a fancy place, man, I was glad I just so happened to be wearing a collared shirt and pants without ketchupy finger stains.After only going to dive bars or just drinking at home or at parties, Hanny's is a really great treat.  I wouldn't go there all the time, but if I had a friend coming in from out of town I would love to show them this place.
3	First time here, it's late night and I wanted something lite and healthy..  The place is open very late, they had lots of options and the food was perfect.What a beautiful place inside, simple yet elegant.  Oh, the service was great too......Go for a late night drink with a date and they'll be impressed.
4	Okay I'll admit I'm a little late to the Hanny's party. It's been on the list for a while but until last night I hadn't been able to cross it off.The boyfriend is a huge fan of pizza (what guy isn't?) so I suggested we finally check this place out before the show we were going to. We arrived at about 6:30 (it was a Friday) and the place was packed. Not one open table. Apparently it's popular with the business crowd for happy hour as there were lots of suits. Luckily there were a couple seats at the bar so we settled in there.We ordered two pizzas - one with pepperoni and onion and one with prosciutto (my addition lately) and apple, sans tomato sauce. They came out relatively quickly and were nice and hot. The crackery crust makes them very different than other pizzas around town. Both pizzas were very flavorful and there was an ample amount of toppings on both. The pizzas aren't huge but there were a few slices left over so we were full and happy.The atmosphere at Hanny's is pretty cool. Modern with kind of a retro vibe. But the best part is the bathrooms. Just check them out - trust me. It's worth going there just for that.
3	So we hit this spot as part of the Spring Fling Pub Crawl last night. It's suuuuuuch a nice bar, great place to have a cocktail at. The decor was very city-modern-sleek, it could easily fit right into NYC. The drinks were well priced, I personally had good service so no complaints from me. Two of the other pub crawlers that were near us at the bar could not get a drink to save their lives, and one of the bartenders was a bit rude to one of the girls trying to get a drink. Now I will say that it was suuuuuper busy in there, but that's still not cool. I'll definitely go back, looking forward to trying some of their food.
3	I went to Hanny's as part of the @downtownphoenix pub crawl.It's an interesting venue.The location is great for downtowners, and it's an incredibly spacious setting. I think the bar is a little larger than it needs to be, for the amount of seating it provides.I had a long island ice tea that was delicious! We were not there long enough to order food, but I will probably be back for that later.(It was already on my list)The bathrooms.Wow. That was a frustrating experience.I mean, it's neat, and it's certainly unique, but dammit man, I had to go.I am not a fan of the bathrooms.I will update my review when I next visit. For now, Hanny's is ok.
4	The only reason why I'm not giving Hanny's five stars is because I wasn't a fan of the menu. It's very limited and I still have to drive to Scottsdale for delicious waffle fries. I ended up loving Hanny's more than AZ88 because the entire time I was there I felt like I was in New York and I've never even been there. I imagined this would be the place where the Sex And The City ladies would meet up to sip cosmos. Definitely stop by if you're looking for a classy place to grab a drink in downtown Phoenix.
4	What a great find in the downtown core. Went here for a pre-Suns game meal with a coworker. I love restaurants that pay homage to the former businesses that occupied the same space. The ambiance is remarkable, and the well dressed wait staff know how to take care of patrons with throwback style and respect.I had the Carne pizza, and it was perfect. So many places end up burning thin crust, but this was great. Just the right amount of bubbly toasted crust, just enough texture to offset the savory meats.What a great way to dine before enjoying some lower bowl Suns seats. See you soon Hanny's!
3	If you are looking for a classy, romantic, mellow place to hang in Downtown check this place out.  While tempted to give it 4 stars, this was my first visit and I am reserving the right to be prudent with my rating, as I only had one drink here and didn't try any food. Walking past this place every day, I usually just glance in to what appeared like a relatively empty space ( must be the glare off the windows). Never too drawn to stopping in on my own, when I saw this on the list of the downtown pub crawl I was intrigued to try it with the pub crawl "team". We walked in and I was impressed. Very spacious and contemporary remodel, clean lines, warm and sultry dark colors and the modern dance/club music made this place stand out from the other places we tried on this night. Most people on the crawl felt a little under dressed for the ambiance. While I didn't get a chance to investigate the menu fully I watched as the bartenders thinly slice prosciutto for an order and could smell the beautiful bouquet of a fine olive oil. After this initial exposure to Hanny's, you better believe I will be back, whether I am rolling solo or with friends.
4	Hannys! Since this is my first Yelp and I refuse to ever write a bad review on a place, I'm glad that Hanny's is my cherry popper for yelp. Hanny's food is on point and it consistently served late at night. Which is nice for those of us who live downtown. The service is also top notch. Management greets me every time to see how my experience is going. I can't stop referring people to this place.---it's really cool inside and the bathrooms are pretty interesting--the foods great/served late--and it doesn't break the bank to eat there! Drink=$5 bucks for a martini(vodka or whiskey---they serve smrinoff or makers mark)Eats= Carne pizza, or copped salad (add shrimp)keep it up Hanny's!
4	What can beat an Old Fashioned cocktail and a plate of piping hot donuts? Nothing...We came here after dinner with some friends and had a great time with a couple cocktails and dessert at the bar. The service was great and the bartender was really friendly. I mean, who suggests an Old Fashioned to someone under 60??? Yet he knew his mixes and the menu cocktail went well with the donuts. In fact I liked the OF so much I ordered one a few days later at another bar and was looked at like I was nuts... but that is another review...The place is pretty swanky, has a nice feel, and I also thought the upstairs bathrooms were cool. Hmmm... they must be cool to get mentioned cuz who really cares about bathrooms as long as they're clean and accessible... Anyway, I need to go back for a decent meal. The menu looks great... wish there were more people there, though!!! It was Friday night; where are the people???
4	Food = 4 starsPlace = 5 stars             Service = 4 starsI REALLY like this place. It looks super classy inside and the deco on both floors is amazing. The best part? It is waaaaaaaaaaay cheaper than it looks. We had $5 martinis (perfectly made), $9 pizzas and $8-11 sandwiches.Let me explain. The pizzas CANNOT be eaten by 1 person (and trust me, I can eat, and I refuse to not finish my plate). So, you HAVE to share this pizza, which makes it $4.50 per person and you end up REALLY FULL after eating 1/2 of it. The margarita and the quattro (4 cheese) were absolutely amazing: thing crust, fresh ingredients and lots of flavor.We also all split onion strings and a cauliflower appetizers, so between 4 people it only came down to $3 per person for both appetizers.Complete success. Will definitely return and try their desserts. What an awesome place. Too bad I had to spend it with a douche next to me, but I made my best effort to focus on the food and the other people there, and my experience was still 4 starts-worthy (and that says a lot, cause the dude was a biiiiiig douche).
4	After reading Yelp reviews, I was looking forward to lunch here while in town for a conference.What a cool atmosphere!  We still couldn't figure out why it was so empty though!!  Still, we had great service for a party of 9, or maybe that was just because I made it a two martini lunch...nothin' wrong with that!!My cravings for a delicious BLT were satisfied....and the gorgonzola and pistachio slaw was SO good...and I'm not usually a slaw fan...but wow it was tasty.hahaha, yes!  The bathrooms were quite an experience!!!  I didn't take the elevator though...but next time I will have to!
5	Have been to this downtown gem twice now.  Once for a late lunch visit and another time for an evening rendezvous.  What a pleasure!  First, the place is magnificent inside.  Has a very classy and almost sensual feel to it.  The huge purple "tongue"couch that looks out the main window begs for you to sit in it!  The bathrooms are super cool!  The food and service were equally incredible.  The bar plate is excellent and the house salad was the best we have ever had.  Try the onion strings!  The Mrs. LOVES the Peach Porch Tea.During the day the music was great in setting an enjoyable atmosphere...jazzy and classical stuff.  The DJ was playing some funky cool stuff the night we stopped in for drinks and a snack.We are due for a third visit.  Need to try some of the sandwiches next
4	I really enjoy this place. I have been here twice and it has great music, tasty drinks/wine, yummy pizza, cool atmosphere and interesting bathrooms. I like it a lot and look forward to another date night with my hubbie at Hanny's.
1	Wow. Not a good place to go for a drink after work. I went for a work "Happy Hour" to Hanny's last weekend, and could not have been more put off  by the rude staff. I arrived and the group I was joining already had drinks, so I went to the bar to grab a drink. I asked the bartender what their Happy Hour specials were and he looked at me as if I were an idiot and disdainfully said, "We don't have a Happy Hour (subtext: how terribly gauche of you to even ask), but here is our drink menu," and then shoved an overpriced wine list at me.I was taken aback, but ordered a glass of pinot grigio, and then told him we were on the same ticket as the group right next to the bar. He said to me, "Well do you have a server?" and I replied, "I don't know, I just got here; can you please transfer this drink to that tab?" and he could not have been more rude or disgruntled about it. I'll add that there were a whopping two other people besides my group at the bar, so it's not like he was overwhelmed with other customers. With service like that, it's no wonder.There are much better Happy Hour places you can check out after work - Fez, Switch, Cheuvront all come to mind - so skip the grouchy bartender 'tude and look elsewhere.
3	2 stars for ambiance: Cool and modern and they have maintained a upscale/minimalist/retro feel. The bathrooms would be great if you were in a night club, but they seem a  little out of the way and hard to find at dinner time. They keep an old school meat carver on the bar and while it looks cool it poses the questions of cleanliness every time I look at it.. 1 star for food/drinks: I've made the mistake of coming here a few times now for dinner. The pizzas were soggy and the cheese was slimy on both occasions. The snack plates were decent as were the salads. The salads were big and fresh and had great ingredients (hearts of palms and beets) . The drinks are hit or miss, but it is pretty ridiculous to pay $9 for a drink with muddled fruit and less than a shot of alcohol. Perhaps I just ordered wrong as they did have plent of $5 martinis.Hanny's is a great place to meet up for drinks or happy hour with friends, just make sure to eat before you go. I'm interested to see if they ever start getting busy on weekend nights, or if they eventually use all the open space for dancing.
5	Since moving downtown, Hanny's has become one of my absolute favorites! I love everything from the reclining booths to the crazy bathrooms. And even more, I love the food! My favorites are the Hanny's Salad and the Margherita Pizza. It's plenty to share and you'll enjoy every bite!The drinks are a little pricey, but they definitely don't skimp on the booze. Great for lunch, dinner or late nights!
5	Hanny's has to be one of my favorite places downtown. The food is awesome. The cauliflower appetizer is incredible and they have a decent bar plate if you just want to nosh. Their pizza is just as amazing. It is super thin crust, and comes with a variety of different toppings for your epicurean delight. I have also had the chopped salad, and it does not disappoint either. The drinks are good, however a little pricey. I love just a classic martini and they do it very well here. I have also had the ginger lemonade, and its good, but only if you really like ginger. Donuts for dessert? How can you not enjoy it.Hanny's also has an interior that will take your breath away. When I first stepped inside I was blown away. It is modern and classy and gorgeous. What can I say? Great food, great drinks, and amazing decor,  Hanny's had me at hello.
4	The husband took me here on date night, last night, as he keeps saying it is one of his favorite bars downtown. He kept raving about how nice the decor was inside, and I thought, "Great, another potentially pretentious upscale bar." I will say it can give off that vibe but I thought the bar was really nice. It is on the corner of Adams and 1st St, I think, so if you are sitting at the tables by the windows, there is plenty of people watching to be seen. We sat at the bar and it was busy when we got there around 10:30pm. It quickly died out, though. The music was really good with alot of 80's R&B/pop but with beats mixed to it. I had a Malibu and cranberry, hubby had 2 Vodka tonics (Smirnoff), and we split one of their snack plates since we already had dinner. In the middle of the bar is one of those deli slicers with prosciutto and a block of parmesan next to it. The snack plate consisted of some bread, salami, prosciutto, two kinds of olives, roasted pistachios, and slices of parmesan. My kind of snack!! To my shock, our bill was only $24 (with tax). My drink was $7, the vodka tonics were $5 each and the snack plate was $5. I was very surprised at how reasonable those prices were. I suppose given the decor, I was expecting to be charged more so it was a good surprise. Especially for that snack plate where I have paid close to $10 for something similar. I can't wait to return!
3	I enjoy going to Hanny's and will need to update this review once I go again.I get their vegetarian items off of the menu and all have been quite good.  The drinks are fine.This is a three star place, but has the potential (IMHO) to be so much more for such a cool environment.  I think the prices are higher than they should be, but that's what it is.Again, will update when I go back, but wanted to get my impressions down after going a few times.
5	I am in love with Hanny's.  They now have a new upscale classic drink menu that is on the pricey side, but looks AMAZING.  So far, I've tried the English Garden, which supplants any other mixed drink I've had as the best summer beverage.  It's 13 dollars, and contains the perfect proportions of Hendrick's Gin, St. Germain liqueur, and muddled cucumber.  Quite refreshing, strong, and yet incredibly quaffable.  Check it out.
5	This place is so sexy.I actually spent my most recent birthday celebration here with some great friends because the days of parading around half-naked in nightclubs are a tad behind me now. They have an amazing drink menu here. The Moscow Mule comes in an adorable copper cup that makes you want to commit a small crime. I would also definitely recommend the St. Germain. It's a sweet martini, but one of the best I've ever had. This place also makes me want to buy a meat slicer and a slab of prosciutto for my own home.  Hanny's is definitely one of Phoenix's finest gems. It has a great deal of personality. Drinks, food, and tunes are always fantastic. See you there!
4	I'll be quite honest, I choose Hanny's time & time again b/c it's one of the most low-key, yet sophisticated places to get together with a large group of friends. Great music, superior comfort, & wonderful cocktails.The interior architecture makes me swoon... the triple laminated glass floor in the elevator shaft is particularly exciting after a few Moscow Mules. I love how the unisex restrooms are tucked away, and create an Alice & Wonderland effect of, "which door should I go through" contemplation. The long lazy chaise lounges remind me of a giant cow's tongue. They are an amazing place to spread out after dinner & continue the conversation.  In fact, you can even eat there if you'd like.That brings me to the food. The food is good & reasonably priced. The portions generous & easy to share.  However, they will never win any awards, or get anyone excited by their offerings. If you're looking for something to awaken your taste-buds, then you might want to reserve this place for an evening where food isn't the main ingredient.
4	I returned to Hanny's with the @FoodiesLikeUs Light Rail Dine Around (#PHXLRDA).We were initially served trays of thinly-sliced prosciutto, cheese, pistachios, and cantaloupe. They also brought bruscetta, and tapenade, which was delicious.After a short while, they tried to kill me.Seriously, they brought out two types of pizza; a pepperoni and sausage, and combination style pizza.The pizzas were hands-down some of the best pizza I've ever had in my life. It was amazing.Both come on think crust, the way pizza is meant to be. The sausage and pepperoni is now my most sought after food.If I told you I ate an entire pizza, it's more likely an understatement than exaggeration.I did not have any cocktails, but I love the look of their copper cups when they're ice cold.I enjoyed myself, and will return to Hanny's, without a doubt.
4	went to hanny's before the lady gaga concert....great place to stop by for food and drinks pre-event.  Good scene but make sure you get there early if you're coming out on an event because it gets busy.  Cocktails were delicious, service was good, atmosphere was fun with good music and ambiance.  Food was good, I loved the cole slaw plate-i think that's what it's called-it's on the appetizer portion of the menu, but very good!  We shared a pizza between the three of us and had 2 appetizers as well.  The final bill was like $120 for the three of us-mind you we had 1 cocktail each, 2 appetizers, a pizza and 2 bottles of wine...I'll be back hanny's you guys are alright!!  :)
4	Just go!! This restaurant is super chic, fabulous cocktails, and they slice your prosciutto at the bar right in front of you, very fresh, very good. (They had me at meat and chesse platter.) Unfortunately, this place either has not "caught on" or no one knows about it. I was there on a first Friday and it was not very busy. Everyone I have brought loves it and I think you will too. See ya there. :)
4	I am really glad I don't live in the downtown area, because Hanny's is so tempting that I would eat there far too often... and get fat as a cow off the delicious prosciutto! I am a sucker for anything involving prosciutto, so Hanny's is like kryptonite for me.  I really enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the employee who is dedicated specifically to slicing the meat and bread, since it's the mainstay of almost all appetizers and dishes served.  If that isn't your bag, you might not enjoy the Hanny's menu as much as I did.Drinks were served strong, but by an unfriendly bartender who didn't seem very excited about his job.  I was wild about the decor, as it seemed reminiscent of something from "The Great Gatsby."  I did get lost in the maze of mirrors attempting to find the ladies' room...  but maybe that was because I was tipsy from the heavily-poured cocktails I downed.It wasn't packed for a Friday evening, which was surprising to me considering it is downtown by so many other activities.  However, outside of the bitter bartender, my experience was wonderful and fattening.  I will definitely be back next time I want a great place to eat and drink downtown!
4	Great food, great drinks and average service.
3	Good music, tasty brew and nice crunchy pizza
4	I am really glad I tried it last weekend on our anniversary. The price is surprisingly affordable for a sophisticated place like Hanny's. I would recommend it to people that love to hang out after late night movie or game. They have $2.50 martini after midnight. Isn't it crazy? and they taste good and the music is awesome. You have to visit the bathroom, they used to be changing room for the old department store in the 70s. It is really cool. and also you have to check out the elevator also..
5	Gotta love a place open late in Phoenix. 2.50 petite martinis after midnite; yes please!
4	Been here many times- love the food and environment.  Check out the voyeurs bathroom window -.
2	My first visit to Hanny's was for a late dinner on a Saturday night. The martini's were amazing and the food was awesome, but I can only give it 2 stars because the service was horrible. It took forever just to get the watier to our table the first time, then he forgot about us after our drink order and I had to track him down so we could order dinner.  Food was great, service sucked.
4	The sole reason for me signing up for Yelp was to comment on how amazing this place is. Wanted to do it up big for a date and I definetly dont regret chosing Hanny's over a various assortment of other date worthy spots. Without commenting at length about the amazing vibe created by the subtle DJ spinning in the upper-deck, or the stunning visual asthetics provided by the funhouse of mirrors on your way to the bathroom lol, lets get to the food..Decided to start the night off with a glass of the cabernet they had to offer and my god, soooo delicious. Ended up deciding to share a pizza with my date and ended up going with the prosciutto (sp?) pizza..lets just say if im ever on death row, ill have this pizza listed as my last meal. Im quite the carnivore when it comes to dining but when my waitress insisted i leave the arugala on the pizza, I just went with it and not surprisingly was blown away. Finished the night off with a few martinis and I was in Heaven. Highhhhly recommend the pomegranate julep martini. Overall, I couldnt speak anymore highly of this place. Part of me wants to keep this place a secret so I have a place to call my own, but whats the fun in that?! Enjoy!!!
4	I love the ambiance and the music here.  The DJ totally works the feel of the place.  They also mix up a mean Moscow Mule. It is a bit pricy to binge drink or drown your sorrows in booze, but for a few cocktails and a bite with friends this is the place downtown.  Very chic and contemporary.    Great Date night option!
4	My crew and I were going to hit up Cibo before Margaret Cho last night, but they were already booked so we had to quickly search for an alternative. The powers of Yelp brought me to Hanny's, so that's where we went. Conveniently located off of the light rail, we walked in and were seated immediately. The place is pretty swanky, so make sure you're dressed appropriately. We got a round table near the back and took a look at the menu. For a place that looks so awesome, the menu isn't as hard on the wallet as one might think. Most of us started off with cocktails, I had the Huckleberry lemonade ($9, and I actually had 2) which was delish. My other friends had the peach porch tea, the pomegranate julep (SO STRONG), and a Riesling. We were all starving when we got there so we got the bruschetta appertizers which is straight up bruschetta, there was no messing around with that.  Time to order: I had the carne pizza, and everyone else had the carne with red peppers, the prosciutto de parma (sp?), the standard blt, and the roast beef sandwich. Now, when I go to a swanky looking place and pay $9 for my drink, I assume that my $13 pizza isn't going to be anything to write home about, but first of all it was massive. The leftovers were enough for at least one meal. And even the salads and sandwiches that were going by our table were pretty big. The pizza was really good, not like anything I've had before, but really yummy. We swapped samples of everyone's stuff and everything was really good.Our server was a tad slow, which we probably only noticed because we were in a crunch at the end to pay and make it to the theater in time, but he was really nice and split our checks at the end of the meal.
3	Hanny's is a fun place to go, but really only for one drink and one appetizer. It has a nice set up, with the upstairs overlooking the bar area and the downstairs with a nice street view. But really, this place is just an overpriced bar. Johnny Walker Blue is $65 for a 1.5oz glass. The same drink, but only 1oz, is $25 less than a block away at Seamus's (you do the math, you're getting ripped off). These type of prices go all the way down to their light beers. While this is a great place to take a date before an evening in downtown Phoenix (only because it is nice inside), it's a horrible place to grab a drink with friends or co-workers. Anyway, I will probably continue to go here for a single drink on a date, but it's not a reason to come to downtown Phoenix.
4	A friend of mine was staying at the Wyndham across the street and we (me, her, and another friend) were looking for a restaurant to have dinner.  The bartender at the hotel recommended Hanny's. The restaurant is very visually striking, with high ceilings, concrete walls, and very modern seating.  We sat in a corner booth and were pleasantly surprised to discover that the backs recline!For our appetizer, we ordered the Asparagus with Egg.  The combination is different, but it was really good!  The asparagus was cooked perfectly and the egg and parmigiano-reggiano were good complements.For dinner, I had the Roast Beef Sandwich with a side salad, my visiting friend had the Proscuitto di Parma pizza, and another friend had the Margherita pizza.  My sandwich was a little dry, but was pretty good nonetheless.  Both of the pizzas tasted very good and were really really big!None of us had any drinks from the bar, but I really enjoyed my experience there, and will definitely be going back there the next time I'm in Phoenix to try out the bar!
3	khittie has changed her tune about hanny's. khittie likes hanny's now. their drinks are yummy. they make an almost perfect cosmo. their onion strings are awesome. meow! go there.
3	This place always has a dozen blonds at one end of the bar. Looks like they travel together. This is not an "arrive at place" but a before or after the event kind of place.  Great choice of drinks. Pear martini tasted freshly picked. Best choices are mostly finger food   Pizzas are nice and thin with abundant toppings. Charcuterie platter looks better then it tastes. Still love to hang there before and after like everyone else.
4	I love this place when we walked in and sat at the bar. The music, the atmosphere, the decor, and the other people make the night went great. However, as soon as we had more friends to join us and was moved to the table in the corner by the stairs, the nightmare had begun. The waiter is not professional and at the end told us that she was done for the night (so what do we do - we kept drinking and eating anyway!). The table was in the corner made us could not see any decor, atmosphere and other peoples anymore. Although the food is food but doughnut was not. Also the end of the night won't be completed with homeless guy helped me back out of my car from the honest parking lot.
5	I really like this spot! The atmosphere is really unique and chic! My friends and I had a blast exploring the crazy mirrored hallways upstairs and "glass floor" in the elevator shaft. Great cocktails that I haven't been able to get anywhere else and the food is fantastic as well!
2	Recently visited Hanny's for the first time and received crap service from a waitress with an attitude. She was not willing to happily accommodate any requests and acted put-off at anything we asked about or asked for. Plus, the place wasn't even busy while we were there, it was pretty empty. That's how you drive customers away.
5	You just can't help loving Hanny's.  Great bar, great food, great service, great ambiance.  Highly recommend the Roast Beef Sandwich WITH the egg, bar plate, and the Pimm's Cup.  I am now having a craving!
3	My girls and I were going to see a friend in the "Vibrator Play", which I highly recommend if your into plays. We chose Hanny's because we heard it had a cool vibe and it was close to the Herberger Theater. It's an old department store, and I gotta tell you someone needs to work on the window selling because from the outside it didn't grab me. The windows actually needed to be cleaned. From the inside, the music was the best part of the place. The decor and ambiance was stark, modern, steely grey. Our eyes were drawn to the only color in the place which were the exit signs. The crowd was mixed, older and refined earlier in the night, young or young at heart) and hip later. The prosciutto is cut right in the middle of the bar, which was kind of cool to look at. We ordered the bar plate which was perfect. Prosciutto, olives, cantaloupe, bread, parm cheese. We also ordered the Parma Pizza-delicious! I could have folded the thin crust pizza up and shoved the whole thing in my mouth, that's how good it was. But, I shared. We then had a beet and arugula salad which was very lemony and tasty. Because lemon makes everything taste better. I had two glasses of syrah which were nice. My friends ordered dirty martinis which came full to the brim, dirty on the side. They had to take big gulps in order to put the dirty in-oh well. They thought they ordered the five dollar martinis but ended up being ten dollars, so read the fine print. I'd go there again, but not my fave. PS, bathrooms are unique!
3	Cool vibe and decor, excellent drinks.Excellent crust on the pizza (very thin and light), but the sauce and toppings were not fantastic.  Dessert was a hit and a miss - great lemon tart,  fresh made but under cooked donughts (doughy instead of light and fluffy).Parking in downtown Phoenix kind of blows...
3	Been here a few times now....service is definitely much better during lunch.  The Prosciutto di Parma pizza is delicious and really, you can't beat a $5 martini.  And of course the atmosphere is amazing.  Just expect to be here for a while if you're having dinner.  We stopped in at 6:15 on Saturday night and didn't get out until 7:45....almost missing our 8:00 PM event.
4	I have been to Hanny's just for drinks and for dinner.  If you have the dough to drop, Hanny's is perhaps the coolest place to drink downtown.  The vibe is hip, the design is chic and one feels generally three degrees more trendy inside Hanny's.  I usually only have rum and diets to drink and they are basic (as would be assumed), but the one time I had an appletini I was quite impressed.  As far as the food it is pretty snazzy as well.  The pizzas are flat and cracker thin, but the toppings are generous. I love the pizza with prosciutto, the four cheese one, and there is one with apple and meat that has a unique taste to it.  I also love the onion strings.  Great to share.A real classy place for special occasions or just a drink on a Tuesday night.
4	I ate here two nights in a row on a recent business trip to Phoenix. The first night I was eating a bit later (after a post flying nap in the room) so the restaurant/bar was pretty empty at 9pm. I had the prosciutto and pear pizza and a nice glass of Malbec. The wine was great and at $6.75 a glass, not too pricey. The pizza was really good, however, they got a little overly zealous with the cheese, so I picked a little of that off. The manager apparently noticed and asked about it and I commented that it was great but had just a bit too much cheese. He replied "Oh I hate when they do that". End of conversation, I am reading my book here, I am happy, I have some dessert coming. Flash to the end of my meal and my check comes and he had comped it off. I was so taken aback and pleased as I had ate half of it and honestly I mean picking a little extra cheese off is no skin off my teeth. The bartender was super sweet, she gave me directions to the local movie theater, checked back on everything that came to me, etc. The second night, I had the same style of service, just a steak and ice tea this time. It was cooked to order (medium rare) and the manager came over again to say hi. In the service industry this known as a "table touch" and I was just really impressed. Their homemade donuts are like crack, much more like a beignet in terms of taste and preparation style. I was thinking of them fondly as I jogged on the hotel's treadmill the next morning. The restaurant is very visually appealing, I loved the music they were playing, the food was good, and the customer service was above and beyond. I would definately recommend this place.
3	The food is just okay.  The decor, the music and the drinks are great, but I can't say that I think that the food for it's price is really that great.  The salads are things I regularly make and can make at home.  The pizza while thin and crispy is really salty and the starter plates again, quality ingrediants but nothing mind blowing.  Still, a great place for people watching especially pre-post games and concerts but not really a "food destination"
2	Don't come here if you're looking for good service. Or really, any service at all.On my first visit, we were seated for 20 minutes but never served, as we watched the single waitress hurriedly run around the place. Since we were somewhat hungry/thirsty, we left.Last night was an improvement (at least we were served), but not by much. I had called a week in advance to avoid my first experience and was told they didn't accept reservations but they'd at least make a note to try to keep two tables ready for my party of 10.No such tables were ready. No host greeted us, and when I explained the situation to the waiter who was also hurriedly running around, he responded: "Guess what? Tonight we're short-staffed, too."Guess what? Maybe you should hire more people. The abruptness continued. We were yelled at to get our IDs ready in advance if we wanted to drink, and when my friend didn't have hers out because she came late, the waiter was visibly annoyed. They didn't bring out my other friend's order with the rest of the dinners (to be fair, they comped her meal after she brought this to their attention). I never got a refill on my water or was asked if I wanted a second drink (also to be fair, their $5 martini is pretty decent). The pizza was greasy and unremarkable, and their fried onion strings were really fried batter strings, leaving the onion to the imagination. Perhaps I happened to come on the worst, short-staffed nights. But I wouldn't risk making that mistake again.
5	Amazing:-sweet & attentive service-music-atmosphere for no one there on a Sun night!- prosciutto pizza-italian meat slicer-white glass christmas tree-beet salad-overall experience
5	This place has great:*style (Modern cool design)*tunes ( DJ's some nights, GREAT flow)*food ( Pick anything, hard to go wrong)*prosciutto ( Yum)*location ( Near the Wyndham, Hyatt, US Airways Center)*service ( ask for Ashley, she'll treat you right)*ambiance ( chill, dine, lounge, etc.)*and an italian meatslicer. ( under a spotlight, center stage)
5	everything about this place is simply "awesome".spent an afternoon with my man gary and my dearest friend tangie for a bite to eat and delicious mixed drinks.we had the place to ourselves before people began rolling in.i cannot say anything negative when this is a sister restaurant to one of my favorite hangouts "AZ88".every bite brought out each rich flavor - exquisite.every drink brought through delicious-deliciousness. love the mojito.ambiance, service, layout and design, and the history of the building is more than inviting.i am going back for more - when i am in town!
4	Wow I can not wait to go back. The last time I was in this building was 40 years ago.  This place had a great vibe, great DJ's. Next time we will have dinner there.
4	Love this place...so glad it opened downtown!  Been here several times to enjoy the drinks!  Great atmosphere, good service and great drinks!
4	Hanny's, awesome? Yes. Dark atmosphere matched with a fair wine list and a collection of really fun 1940s inspired cocktails. The kitchen is hot until 1 the bar is cool until 1:30 which pretty much monopolizes the "post 10pm crowd" in the metro downtown area. Prosciutto di parma is fantastic..     Love you.
4	I'm torn on how to review Hanny's. One one hand, the food is just average. On the other hand, everything else is great:I love love love that it's in an old department store. The bathrooms are cool.Good selection of vintage-type cocktails.Excellent cool decor.Downtown location - please let Hanny's be a sign of things to come in downtown P town!Prices are decent.Seriously, Hanny's, if you upped your food just a little, I easily give you five stars.
4	I love Hanny's in part because of its location.  This is my favorite meeting place if I am attending a function at one of the downtown arenas.  They are good at getting people in and out, and it's a nice enough environment that I love to just hang.  Their food was good...not crazy amazing, but good...solid.  I'd say the same about the drinks.  I love the open spaces, decor and big, long bar.  This is one of my top nightime choices for the heart of downtown Phoenix.
3	Hanny's I want to love thee, and I have tried and tried, but alas no more than 3 stars are meant to be. But don't be sad, 3 ain't that bad. Great use of space and the former department store -- major bonus for converting the dressing rooms into a cool bathroom space. Another added bonus is the DJ perched above, looking down, perhaps in scorn, at the frolicking below, as he or she spins some very loungey tunes...last time I was there the tunes included some Parliament and old school funk, right on brother...is that Bootsy in the corner? Overall the bar, bar tables, and table tables, seem just right, about the only decor issue is the odd tongue-like couches, but I'm down. The drink list is thorough and interesting in that it features Absinthe, St.- Germain, and Chartreuse cocktails. Unfortunately, the cocktails are not consistent in quality. I'd say 70% of the time, the drinks are right on...other times, not so much. Inconsistency is ultimately what keeps Hanny's from 4 star territory. On that theme, the food is equally, actually even more so, inconsistent. Nothing on the menu is great, at its best, things are good...such as the pizzas and salads. While it is very cool that they have a massive meat slicer at the bar, it doesn't mean the snack plate and bar plate are great. The pizza ranges from good, to somewhat flavorless. Service is also inconsistent. A few times I have had great service that was timely and always around when you need a refill. But too many times I have had to actually flag someone down. Really, I am not that impatient, so when I flag someone down, we've rolled through a few tracks of funk without service. I've had better luck sitting at the bar...plus, at the bar you have a front row seat to the meat slicing. Overall, a good spot for a post-work, pre-dinner, or post-dinner drink...and maybe Bootsy and George will stop in...it could happen.
1	I went to the restaurant and my party spent over $300. My phone was stolen in the restroom with the district manager Alex less than 5 ft away. I asked for him to please make an announcement, or call my ph to see whom answered. He refused stated " It would kill his ambiance" and walked away. He refused to allow me to use the restaurant phone to call the police to file a report, he refused to provide me with the ownersw name or any contact info, he did not allow his staff to give me their names. The waitress actually said he was horrible to work with and apologized to me but she needed her job so she could not side with me in front of him. Actually Alex called the police ON ME as a trespasser. The police apologize to me when they arrived. Alex lied to the police and treated me like a dog. I will never frequent that restaurant again.
4	I visited Hanny's with some lady friends for dinner and drinks.  Loved the drink list - so much to choose from.  Quite pricey though.  My mojito cost nearly as much as my pizza (okay, maybe not, but still!).Speaking of pizza, it was YUMMY.  I had the Bianco pizza which came recommended from the waiter.  It was thin crust and very spicy, which is weird considering I hate thin crust pizza and super spicy food??  Despite that, I am somehow in love with the Bianco pizza.We visited on a Monday night so things were pretty quiet at Hanny's.  I'd love to go back (any day of the week)!
4	Beautiful trendy setting with beautiful people and great music on a rainy Saturday evening.  Our foursome had the Bar Plate appetizer (easily enough for 3-4), Carne thin crust pizza, Pork Calabrese sandwich and a Chopped Salad (big enough to feed several people).  High marks to all of the food. Wine pours were a little skimpy but good.  Service was outstanding from the Host to the waitress to the servers.  It was so good, after the show at the Orpheum, we went back, asked for the same waitress and had dessert.  The Symphony Chocolate Crisp Cake with Haagen-Daz Vanilla ice cream was marvelous.  Don't pass up the house donuts (holes if you will) with chocolate or strawberry sauce (or both).Be sure and read about the history of the building.   The restrooms on the mezzanine are worth the "bio-break".A great place for very reasonable prices.   It is a place to see and a place to be seen in.  We will return many times.
4	Hanny's has a pretty trendy atmosphere. Though, I first I couldn't get over the conundrum of how the 1940s inspired drinks and old lounge decor fit with the DJ spinning house beats from high above the front doors, it stills a very neat place and a yuppie hot spot of downtown. The staff was not versed in gluten free at all and the word allergy wasn't taken seriously. When I said not bread on my salad they thought it would be okay to bring the bread on my salad. Then when I requested a new salad they didn't understand why it had to brand new and couldn't just take the bread off the current one. The waitress was very understanding and hopefully she'd now educated enough to help out the next person who comes in with similar needs. Pass on the Mint Juleps unless your a huge fan of bourbon and check out the martinis if you want to feel swanky for the night. Don't have too many though, they're slightly pricey and having to hit the loo with a buzz will remind you of the set from Clockwork Orange.If you're downtown it's worth checking out, just make sure you're in before 1:30am, closing time's early downtown.
3	So many of my friends are so in love with this place,  so I was super excited to come here. I really liked the decor.  I prefer a giant bar/lounge to a restaurant any day.  We sat at the bar and the bartenders were very friendly and super attentive.  I'll come back just for drinks and the service.  The food, eh, not so much.  Maybe we ordered the wrong things... We shared a brushetta and it had a taste in it I did not like.  It was good except the overwhelming olive taste.  If you like olives, you'll love the brushetta.  We then shared the Proschiutto di Parma pizza.  I love proschiutto but their's had to have been cured with a pound of salt because I've never had prosciutto as salty as this and I realize that proschiutto is a salty meat.  There was also a lot more arugula on the pizza than I expected.  I thought just a sprinkling, maybe; but ended up with enough for each of us to have a side spring salad.  I couldn't taste the sauce or cheese on the pizza.  I could just taste salt and arugula.  Total bummer.Like I said before though, great service and atmosphere worth coming back for.  I know I'll be back for drinks and will try something else to give them a chance at redeeming the reputation that preceeded my visit.
5	Where can you eat at a historic building in downtown Phoenix after 12 am? At Hanny's that's where! The pizza's are out of this world with their thin crispy crust and rich cheeses that tickle the palate. If you want to have some great drinks then come here too! If it's a weekend and you're not with a group you probably want to show up early for a spot at the bar, but be sure to come either way because the staff is extremely friendly. Take it from someone that works in hospitality and sends people here on a daily/nightly basis. Hanny's is an experience where there's hipness, class, elegance, ambiance, and no feeling of regret afterwards. Regardless of you're "scene" you are sure to enjoy the environment here.
5	Loooove Hanny's, Downtown at its finest. Always swarming with lawyers and hi-end people. This place has the ritz written all over it. I guess it might not be for everyone, but if you want to feel distinguished for a little, try a mojito and a snack over at Hannys. it is very nice. I loved it...Very nice placeDowntown loveHave fun
5	My wife and I always stop here on our way to Suns games. Fantastic drinks and light fare.  If you like gin try their Aviation, it's top notch.
3	Hanny's is interesting.  I personally prefer a warmer, more comfortable atmosphere.  It feels a bit cold and modern inside, and a little overwhelming how large the great room is.  It's a great change of pace of what you can find in Phoenix, but I wouldn't say it's my personal favorite.The bar food is fantastic, the bar plate is a great value for the quality of food.  There was plenty of seating for our larger good,and I was a fan that they serve food late (till 2am).  So this is a place to end the night vs. start the night.I was a little disappointed in the other patrons for being so casually dressed.  The atmosphere seems more suited for a LBD.
4	You call it a lounge, I call it a restaurant. The happy truth is that Hanny's, located in a former men's department store in the heart of downtown Phoenix, is a shwank place for a bite or a drink anytime. And on weekends, the DJs can actually mix. I've popped in here after the symphony to watch a bartender slice gourmet meats and cheeses to assauge our hunger. I've been after a long dinner for a bite of dessert. It's a great stop before heading down to shake your tail on Washington Ave.... I can't think of a time I was sad Hanny's was on the agenda.Try any of the vintage inspired cocktails - especially something with champagne. You can't go wrong!
2	small drinks big price, food averagethe best thing is the establishment itselfif you go take a trip to the restroom, and look down the elevator shaftthats the coolest thing about it
2	Consistently horrible service (very rude manager and several servers).Awesome drink menu.Mediocre food (except the bar-plate).Brought a party of 10 here and and the waitress didn't know what to do with us, we seated ourselves and had to flag someone down ever 15 minutes to get refills or place new orders. She was very rude but I don't blame her. They were "short-staffed"... as they always are. The establishment doesn't know how to treat customers very well in general. No better service when I come in with smaller parties. I've been tempted to walk out after several occasions of waiting for our check 20+ minutes (regardless of number of other customers). I will no longer be attending Hanny's. If you go, sit at the bar and don't ask for too much, they get tired of "needy" customers quick and quickly stop showing you any service at all.
4	Drinks are strong, pizzas are tasty. They serve Moscow mules, great atmosphere and it's RIGHT offend light rail. I can't think of many other places in the Phoenix area with all these qualities and the get extra points due to the fact that I can get super drunk and stumble right to the light rail to get home. NO DUIIf I had to find a downside  in my 3 visits I would say that a couple menu items can be on the salty side (prechuito sandwich, sausage/pep pizza) but I still give this place a strong 4/5
4	For my 100th review and the first as Yelp Elite, I will be reviewing Hanny's in Downtown Phoenix.After the Suns game at US Airways arena, we decided to head to Hanny's.  This was my first time here, and my friend wanted to go because he said they have the best tiramisu and mojitos.  I have given up sweets for a while, but I decided to go anyways.Hanny's used to be an old Men's Wearhouse department store.  It is a bit hidden, but you can find it by walk fairly easily.  We got inside and there were small groups and a lot of couples.  It has an upscale and chill feel to the place.  This would be a great place to take someone on a date.  My friend ordered the roast beef sandwich and tiramisu and I got a pizza with oregano, mozeralla cheese, and onions.  We enjoyed all our items.  My pizza has a light taste with extra sauce.  I really enjoyed it to end a fun night.
5	I love the atmosphere and this place is probably the only place in Downtown Phoenix that has class.I love the drinks they serve here. I recommend the Pims cup and the spicy Bloody Mary. The margherita pizza with pepperoni is also one of the best.
5	Hanny's is a sister restaurant of AZ88--one of my all time favorite places to eat, drink and hang out. It's no surprise that I found Hanny's to be equally provokative, hip and delicious. The restaurant is located in what used to be a high-end mens department store The interior is chic and modern, yet also very classic. When I was sitting in lounge, I felt as thought I was thrown back to the 80's, but in a good way. I was also very much reminded of the mind bending architecture of AZ88 with the upper story DJ booth and crazy bathrooms upstairs (a must visit spot if you dine here). The menu offers something for everybody. Pizza, sandwiches, salads and fancy appetizer plates. Even the pickiest eater could find something to eat there. The prices are also very reasonable--I've been to far less chic and attractive places and been blown away by the sky high prices (hem hem, FnB). The full bar also boasts a unique martini menus (like AZ88), and wine is available by the carafe (LOVE that).I had the veggie pizza, which was a huge thin crust (definitely sharable for 2) and very generously topped with veggies. I washed it down with a carafe of the Malbec-Syrah blend, which I'd recommend to red wine lovers who prefer sweeter wines. I also recommend the donuts for dessert, which I read as a tip on Foursquare. The mini donuts look and taste nothing like real donuts--they're basically fried pieces of fluffy-textured dough covered in cinnamon and sugar. The strawberry pureed donut dip was delicious--I could have eaten a dozen of them if I had no self control. Overall, I dig this place, and would probably frequent it if I lived closer to downtown Phoenix.
4	Oh Hanny's....My only experience with Hanny's so far was the after-party of my wedding night. My husband and I, the wedding party, as well as about a dozen additional friends took cab rides from our hotel and somehow ended up there. Kudos to the staff for opening up the 2nd floor to accommodate our huge, drunk, and obnoxious group of people. The staff was super nice and patient with us. We ordered a few pizzas and I thought they were delicious. They went fast however and they weren't too filling.I wasn't crazy about some of the patrons. I got quite a few dirty looks on my way to the bathroom from hipster, androgynous females. Maybe it was the veil still attached to my head. Needless to say, they were quite uptight and kept me from mingling beyond my group.
4	Hanny's is rather exceptional. It feels like you are drinking in a department store at night. Which is fun.I've had two experiences here and enjoyed both. Great drinks, great food and very interesting decor. Still haven't gotten into the expensive drinks, but I want to!The bathrooms are awesome and disorienting, and the elevator shaft is a unique part of what is essentially a dinner club. Clientele varies according to events in downtown phoenix but locals are usually hipsters or scenesters. Fun place!
3	Oh Hanny's. I'll start with the positive: Friday and Saturday night DJ's are amazing. Some of the best in town, in my opinion. They play great tunes and really give the place a funky fun vibe. Pizza is super yummy, the rest of the food is kinda whatever. Some of the bartenders are great, others, not so great. Drinks can be a bit pricey depending on what you order. Now for some of the negative: Whats with those uniforms!!?? The place is super cool, but the staff would look much better in something else. The butcher look has got to go. One of the bartenders is very rude. Tall, stocky bald guy, with kind of a high pitched voice. One one occasion when some friends of mine ordered mojitos, he rolled his eyes at them. Really? Ok. We're all bartenders. We know what a pain in the bum mojitos are to make, but Hanny's makes one of the best mojitos in town, so of course we're gonna order them! On another occasion, the same bartender was rude and impatient when we came in shortly after 1am for some drinks. Yeah, I know they close at 1:30, but its just a couple drinks. Sorry to inconvenience you by making you do your job dude. The rest of the bar staff, however, has always been very attentive and friendly. The waitstaff is kinda meh. What a motley looking group of servers.
4	The St Germain martini is Awesome!! I loved the cauliflower app. My sandwich was just ok, but I would definitely go back and try something else.
4	Stopped by this place for drinks on a Friday. I had never been but my gf told me about it. It's a huge space that used to be a department store. We sat at the bar since it was just 3 of us. The bartender was super nice offering explanations of any and all drinks.. I had a try of the absinthe. Definetly an acquired taste, very earthy and strong. My friends tried the spiked lemonade and mojito. Prices were kinda high, but for downtown makes it seem reasonable. They had a cool DJ playing some chill beats. We didn't try food here but found others ordering small pizzas that looked pretty good. I would recommend this place just to grab a drink and hang out.. its worth it for the eclectic atmosphere.
4	This is, by far, absolutely the most fantastic atmosphere in downtown Phoenix. With it's trendy crowd, eclectic cocktail menu and it's inviting menu, Hanny's, simply, won me over. Enjoy!
3	Finally made it here -- it always looked so cool from the outside.  Needless to say it was cool from the inside too!  This place was all crazy, sexy, cool (TLC!!!)  Aside from the ambience the food was, how do I say mmm okay.  With all the wow and pow the food didn't delivery.  I'll stick to the rivers and the lakes that I'm used to, but I expected more from this place.  The service was ehhh okay.  All in all this place was mediocre so don't go chasing waterfalls - Enjoy
4	Pretty freakin awesome place!!! Hanny's used to be a department store that they gutted and turned into this sweet sweet place that serves great food. You can still see the signs of name brands on the wall. I love the high celings and transparency of everything. It's very open and welcoming even with the white walls. Love it!Must get:- Pizzas! We were a large party so we just got a bunch of thin crust pizzas. They were delicious!- Doughnuts with Chocolate Sauce - Dark chocolate sauce with the freshly made doughnuts were sooo amazing!- If you love Scotch get the Rusty Nail :p
4	I'm just visiting Phoenix and this is the only restaurant that is open on Sundays and open till 1:00 am. This is a very nice and spacious restaurant/lounge. There were couples, familes with children, single ladies at the bar, etc. The mix was diverse, not sure how it would be Thur-Sat nights.I ordered the Hanny's salad which was huge and delicious, my husband got a side salad which was bigger than most. We split the pepperoni & onion pizza. The pizza was good (I'm from Chicago's so my standards for pizza are crazy high) and had a very thin, cripsy crust. For dessert I ordered the doughnuts with chocolate dipping sauce. The outer part of the donut was perfect, but the middle was slightly doughy.....maybe make smaller sizes so it cooks thoroughly.Overall, a pleasant experience. When we're in downtown Phoenix again we will return.
4	I held a group lunch for 30 people here a few weeks ago and the food was fantastic!  I hear they are losing a lot of business since The Arrogant Butcher opened, but I hope this place makes it too.  Very cool atmosphere, great food and good drink selection!
4	This place is great. Classy, chill, centrally located and open late. The service was terrific, the pizza margherita was wonderful and the drinks were stiff without being obnoxious. I had the pomegranate julep and the $5 gin martini, both great.If you're by yourself, you will feel comfortable here. This is so not a meat market. It's not a cafe, but it's also not a skeezy bar.I did dock one star for the guy who "greeted" me when I walked in. I was by myself, not looking terribly put together, with a backpack and casual clothes. He didn't seem too hyped to seat me and that left a bad taste in my mouth, until the very sweet server (Jeanett, I think) took over. Then it was all good from there. Hanny's, why are you not in the Bay Area?
4	Nice, chill place right in the middle of downtown phx. Very good drinks with generous pours. This place is a great spot to go with friends or even on a casual date. You can just lounge and enjoy some drinks and have conversations. The pizzas are yummy- it's a cracker thin crust. The decor is fun from the elevator shaft to the bathrooms. Opens late so its a good spot for a late night wine down as well.
3	I understand the night time crowd is more lively and that the place becomes more of a bar/restaurant.   For those of us in downtown for lunch every day, however, it is kind of an oddity.  The loud classical and jazz tunes seem out of place as does its substantial mixed drink menu.   The pizzas/flat breads are very good, though a tad overpriced.  The other items on the menu have left me wanting more, though.  For example, build it yourself bruschetta that seems to be nothing more than toasted slices of a baguette with a bowl of olive tapenade.  It is a decent place to change up your business day lunch routine, but don't count on it for a spectacular meal.
4	Hanny's is the sexiest restaurant I have ever been to. It was a clothing store many years ago and has been revived as a beautiful restaurant. The food is quite good with a blend of usual and not so usual choices. Lovely wine selections and good service. The fresh flowers on the tables, cleanliness and re-purposed building give this place and A+. It is a snap to take the light rail to get there or walk to if you're downtown. It is also a magnificent place to people watch and hang out at the bar. You don't have to go to Scottsdale to hang out at a classy joint. This is it.
4	It seems every time I am in downtown Phoenix I find myself looking for a reason to go to Hanny's. Great atmosphere, good food, and dependable service. It's super cute and I love bringing new people here for a cocktail! Reminds me of Mad Men. :)
5	Hanny's is great. I love seeing these local restaurant's do it up right. This is a converted old department store named "Hanny's". Hey, what a good idea for the name! It's clean, hip, spacious and fun. I'm a sucker for a fresh flower and candle on my table, too. I once said if I lived in a giant warehouse-like house, this would be exactly how I would decorate. The seats are chic and even recline. It shocked me at first and I thought the booth was broken. There are two floors and a staircase up to a DJ stand on the upper wall. Cool. If you want the pants scared off of you go check out the old elevator shaft to the back with a glass bottom. It's a good time! The bathrooms might be the coolest part. Trust me here and hit them up. They are like little clean airplane lavatories! There are some tall mirrors and seating upstairs that remind me of a fun-house. I've never seen anyone actually up here, though. Maybe we just don't hit it at "happening times". The action seems to be more downstairs. Huge bar in the middle. Tons of room, and quite professional and friendly service. The food is really good. They have a variety and Veg options available. I like the pizzas (2 people can share one if you have a moderate appetite) Drinks are good, too. It's all a slight bit overpriced, but I'm okay with that as they do serve up quality. Prime location, diverse crowd and really like nothing else in the valley. If you are downtown looking for food or a drink, this is always my first suggestion. Now run along and play!
2	Hmph...Well the atmosphere is beautiful, a little quirky...And the service was...well...average...But I did not care for the menu whatsoever.  Very unusual items, but no healthy options actually.  I think I ordered the only healthy item on the menu: a Portobello mushroom sandwich.  It was good.  The Gorgonzola slaw side item was good and unusual.  I would have really liked it, if only it weren't so salty.  :-(What we noticed was the everything we ordered came with pistachios.  Now, I loves me my pistachios but really?  The appetizer, meal, and dessert?  Really?The AZ88 restaurant theme seems to be their niche; they should stick with it.
4	Thin crust pizza, not as oily as La Grande Orange's, that holds its form through eating. The toppings preserve their distinction from the local alternatives, e.g. Cibo (less savoury), while not going so far down the path of differentiation so as to render a product uniquely useless.Yet the true reward for going came with dessert - we tried the lemon meringue. The meringue itself was sharply tart, with the sweetness serving to ensure the tartness wasn't harsh and nothing more. This is perfect! Too many places have prima donna sugar that tries to overpower the lemon. We tried it with a traditional crust (which I preferred due to it preserving the tartness and lemoniness of the meringue) and a graham crust (which my friend preferred for being easier to eat [the graham crumbles] as well as buffering the tart notes of the meringue).A star is missing for the ambiance - wait staff were very friendly, but the venue was empty. Low windows, low lighting, as well as no street-level windows on neighbouring buildings contributed to the sense of isolation. That might add to its charm though, which carries a sense of timelessness.
3	The food is good but the price is a little high if your looking for a late night snack. The bar staff is mostly friendly and will soon learn your name and favorite drink. There is one bartender with a chip on his shoulder but he rarely works. Plus if you love cosmos they have great late night deals on them.
4	Cool restaurant that seems like it has been here forever.  I think it was a converted men's shop that is now a plush lounge with a great menu. Relatively inexpensive with uber-cool decor, Hanny's is a great place to get the night started.We started with interesting cocktails that have really cool sounding ingredients and loved all of them!  Some classics and new takes on old favorites.  Absinthe for the daring...It should be noted that there is a heavy dose of fried egg on the menu.  Knowing that fried eggs are good for defeating and preventing hangovers, I decided on the roast beef sandwich - 4/5 stars. The coleslaw with pistachios was MONEY, super good; everyone was stealing mine.  And our friend who was splurging got the bacon wrapped prawns: killer combo, chow down on these and thank me later. Probably the highlight for me.Mysterious restroom setup and the elevator shaft? Super fun conversation pieces. Reclining sofas at the dinner table? Don't-mind-if-I-do! (Careful, this bedeviling machine caused wine to be spilled on my jeans!)Give it a shot before dancing in downtown Phoenix and you'll have a delicious time and feel very hip while doing so.
4	We came here after an event at US Airways Center. I hadn't eaten yet and at 11 at night, my options were getting sparse but this place, thank goodness, cooks until 1. We enjoyed the beet salad and the prosciutto di parma pizza. We split the beet salad and weren't able to finish each of our portions and the pizza was huge! We were able to munch on it for 2 days after. Food prices are good, drink prices a little steep.I loved the atmosphere in this place and enjoyed sitting in one of the secluded corners on one of the unique settees set around the place. I would come back here again, for sure. Overall, a nice vibe and good food. Service was good.
4	Joined a couple of friends for lunch today and couldn't believe that the place was completely dead at 1:30PM....but then again it's a Wednesday and it is downtown....but I digress. Lunch was FANTASTIC. My son had the Carne pizza which was a pepperoni, ham, and sausage very thin crust oval shaped pizza. It could have been a bit cheesier, however, it was crispy and very tasty. One of our friends had the Prosciutto di Parma pizza which has prosciutto, arugula, shaved parmesan and was just delish with a spritz of balsamic on top. Friend 2 had the veggie sandwich which had portabello mushrooms, grilled onions on ciabatta and I had the BLT which is kind of a standby sandwich for me when I want to see how good a place is. If you can't make a good BLT, then don't bother. It was toasty with crispy bacon and was just delish. I enjoyed it with the gorgonzola slaw which is a coleslaw with gorgonzola cheese and pistachios. It was very tasty. Service was good...drinks kept filled and friendly servers. Restaurant was spotlessly clean and I am looking forward to going back soon!
4	I  went here twice over All Star weekend, as we were searching for something not commercial and a little bit more low-key.  We found Hanny's and were pleasantly surprised.  The pizza was good and filling,  the snack plate was perfect with a martini.  Overall, the staff was friendly, and attentive, the prices were reasonable and the food, well it was pretty good.  I didn't walk out of there feeling like we got hosed like I had a couple nights ago at the Tilted Kilt....
2	I don't eat meat, so obviously that limits much of the menu to me.  However, the vegetarian pizza was absolutely disgusting.  It reminded me of pizza hut, circa 1992.  Pretty disappointing.  The ingredients were clearly out of cans, sauce was sub-par, just poor quality.  I agree that the menu does seem to be way overpriced-The service was meh, considering it was 4:00pm on a Tuesday, it could have been a little more attentive (with only 3 other tables being occupied).Went back last night to grab some late night drinks, the petite martinis.  My dirty was strong, but they are not kidding when they say petite... Again, not impressed with the service.  In my opinion this place is way over-hyped, but it could just be my isolated experiences.
3	The Bianco pizza with shrimp Ahmazing!  Service not so much...:(
5	Looks are everything. uhhh not really, but kinda of? As much as we hate to admit it there is an implicit validity to the pleasing design of something. Lets not be coy or passive but Hanny and I are going to have a relationship and it could get messy.I was followed by my "BFF" and his two friends. One visiting from Texas so we had to impress. Hanny is that place, it fills the niche to impress.It was a drinks only visit.5 stars because this is first bar that was able to mix my 1950's vintage "Harvey Wallbanger," the long lost brother of the "White Russian" and the "Rusty Nail." ...and it was good, always does.5 stars because Kelly, our waiter, was courteous, candid and careful.He brought our drinks, (beer, my HW, two martinis) and they were filled to the rim! Strong, flavorful and not one drip lost to careless hands. Good times abide.5 stars for the bathroom, duh.I look forward to eating and updating my review for the food. Betttter be good.R\_NOte: No happy hour what so ever? sad. Still good deals to be had .
1	Meh is the best way to describe this place.I wish I could say better - but I just can't.  The food was good - slightly above average.  I do not eat pork but my friends said the proscuitto was good.The real disappointment was the service.  We had gone for a friend's birthday and my first impression of the place was "wow, this is cool".  That was quickly replaced with total and utter disappointment.The first problem was when I requested the server's reccomendation for a drink - he said the Rose is good.  I ordered a carafe, it was brought to the table and served (without them pouring a bit for my approval).  One sip and I knew it was terrible.  No wonder they didn't let me taste it first.I asked the server if I could order a Kir Royale because I was quite disappointed with the wine.  He told me that I could, however they could not remove the Rose from my bill since it had been poured at the table.Really?  You're going to reccomend a wine to me, not afford me the opportunity to try it and tell me you won't take it back when it's atrocious?  Sounds like a great way to sell terrible wine.The real kicker was when one of my other friends ordered another bottle of the beer he was already drinking.  Instead of being presented with the beer he asked for, the server brought a Moretti.  My friend pointed out that it was the wrong beer and the server tried to argue with him about what he had asked for before making up some excuse and taking the beer away.Seriously, who does that?  I probably would have given this place three and a half stars had the service not been so terrible.  Unfortunately it was and the food was not good enough to make up for it.We will not be returning.
4	Fun place. The drinks are on the expensive side so I usually stick with the classic martini. $5 and the bartenders always make them well. The Moscow mule seems to have a cult following with a certain segment...The bartenders are skilled and fun to talk to. There never seems to be that much interaction between patrons, everyone kind of stays in their parties. In fact, on the right night you could bring your drinks upstairs and have a whole floor to yourselves. Great place for a date or catching up with old friends or for groups.I've heard the food is good, and worth the price, though I've only eaten a slice of prosciutto...the kitchen is open late...The atmosphere is clean and modern. A DJ plays downtempo or some other appropriate lounge music. Definitely a place to check out if you're downtown.
5	Love Hanny's! Everything from the Vibes to the Food & Drinks are superb. Love the glass floor/elevator too ;)
2	Not woth the pricing.
3	I walked in with a 4-star expectation and walked out with an exhausted jaw.  :-\"Can I get some fabric softener up in here, please?!"  Why?"Cuz this son of a b*tch is hard as hell to eat!"Never again shall I torture myself through that.  *_*On paper, the roast beef sandwich sounded like a home run.  Who doesn't like roast beef that is griiiilllled? complemented with fried egg and bacon.It didn't help that the ciabatta was just as tough to chew.  Boy, was it a loooong lunch.  One bite after another, thinking about all the starving children of the world.  I'm doing it for you guys, you hear me?! You guys!!!Alas, I finished every single bite.  A few things that could improve this sandwich: use butter, perhaps make the meat a little rare, and use softer bread!The only thing that saved this whole lunch was their homemade doughnuts.  It was soft and airy complemented with their fresh strawberry sauce and chocolate.Another fail was trying to find their restroom, which I never found! I was told to head up the stairs and through mirrored hallway?! As contemporary as this place was, this creepy area I went to just did not fit the picture.  I eventually came across this narrow hallway with mirrors all around and then all of sudden it got bright with a bunch of doors.  I seriously felt like I was at a carnival and I was suppose to choose, Door #1, Door #2, or Door #3.  Where the freak did I end up? Did I just enter the Twighlight Zone? Doo-dee-Doo-Doo...Doo-dee-Doo-Doo#creepy
4	This restaurant is beautiful. It's super open and has great decor. We sat up at the bar to have a couple drinks and some appetizers. Everything was delicious, including some of the bartenders. :] They had a DJ up in the booth upstairs playing some music but it wasn't anything overwhelming. The restrooms are interesting. I was lost the first time I tried to use them but figured it out and ended up helping others who were just as lost. Drinks are kind of expensive, but pretty strong. There is a $7 lot behind the restaurant or you can just meter it. I love that it used to be a department store and is now a chic restaurant.My only quip with this place? Usually when I have a drink, I like to watch some Sportscenter. But I realize it will kill the ambiance to have televisions in here. I just probably wouldn't go here to have a drink at the bar by myself because of it.
3	Hanny's is a mixed experience for me.  The decor is proper and fashionable.  The aura is [very] modern delicatessen, gone bar.  For these things, I am appreciative.  The food is tasty and well delivered.  The drinks are where the points get docked.As expected, one should have known better than to order a WWII cocktail.  I actually ordered it, and then when he asked "what is that", I told him I changed my mind.  Refusal to deliver a different (see: more common) drink, I accepted his offer in attempting to make it.  I spelled out the details: dash or two of Angostura, gin and a chilled cocktail glass.  No ice.  Why is he shaking this?  Why is it in a Collins glass?  Weird.  My pink gin was actually an orange gin - oh well.  Better luck next time.I've since switched to a martini.  -- "A martini, please."- "What kind of vodka?"--"What?  A *martini*."-"Yea, what kind of vodka...?"*head shakes*No vermouth, so...straight gin?  Okay.  Whatever.  I'll let it slide.A friend orders me a pink gin and gives the directions of how to make it.  This is unbeknownst to me, as I am conversing with another patron.  I move back to our table to find an orange colored drink, on the rocks, in an old fashioned glass.  ---"So, I don't think this is how you make a pink gin either."Additionally, said friend asks "you have Aviation gin, right?".  "I don't know", the employee responds.  He explains that it is a rhetorical question, as he saw the bottle.  He asks for a gin & tonic made with Aviation gin.  A few minutes later he is delivered a neon green glass of what seems to be nuclear waste.  Come to find out: Hanny's has a drink called "the Aviation" or "the Aviator", and that employee simply ignored the whole conversation about Aviation gin, et al.The music here can be excellent or awful.  DJ's in training should be limited to their deck time.+2 for the food.  +0 for the drinks & delivery.
3	Hanny's is hidden in the midst of Downtown Phoenix and I believe it was one of the first "trendy" restaurants to hit Downtown Phoenix. I've visited a couple of times for cocktails and then more recently for food. The atmosphere, cocktails and overall lay-out is cool, but the food is just A-ok as is the service. The service was pretty slow-moving and we soon learned that this is probably not the best spot to stop by if you're on a time limit. The food itself is decent, but the selections to choose from on the menu are pretty random. I couldn't quite pin point the type of cuisine this restaurant would be categorized as, but it's a hefty selection of Mediterranean eats such as prosciutto, cheeses, paninis and pizzas. The pizzas are only around $11 and they are easily able to be shared. The salads are also pretty large in size and could easily be shared as well. In summary, this is a good spot to have a couple after-work cocktails and maybe stay for an appetizer or two, but I'll probably keep Hanny's at just that for me and choose another location for my meal, especially if I have to be somewhere! *** If you visit be sure to visit the bathrooms on the second floor. It's like walking into an Alice in Wonderland maze.
4	I've eaten at Hanny's now a few times and I've never been disappointed at all. The restaurant is perfect for lunch if you want to actually sit and have a conversation without having to yell over the crowds or loud music. The decor is very contemporary and clean which is nice and refreshing.I've had their flatbread pizzas and everyone is fantastic! The regular BLT was also very good and don't forget to treat yourself to the homemade donuts! They are delicious! Give Hanny's a try next time you are downtown for lunch. The prices will certainly surprise you as well as they are cheaper than most places downtown as well!!!I can't wait to go back again!
4	Hanny's drink menu has more options than eTrade, so obviously I freaking love it. It also makes me feel like I'm in that scene from the end of Drop Dead Fred when she's in the big scary house. Don't know why it reminds me of that scene..maybe the high ceilings? But that's pretty cool too.One star deduction only because if I worked at place with a drink menu this freaking awesome, it would be all I'd ever want to talk about. In fact, I don't even WORK there and I still find ways to bring up Hanny's drink menu in regular conversation. But try to engage your bartender and two times out of three (I say this because there were three bartenders when we went and I tried to talk to all of them and only of them humored me), you'll get the cold shoulder. That's right, you will get #2 of the top ten ways to say no to drugs, circa  the D.A.R.E. program, 1994. Anyway, I've been here a few times and have always had fun, mostly because I am all about the Pimm's Cup so if it's anywhere on a menu, I'm probably having a good time. I told my boyfriend that Hanny's was special because they actually served real Pimm's Cups and most places can't. He didn't believe me and responded that he's sure Ocean Club could serve a Pimm's Cup. I responded that I have already tried (I haven't) and they couldn't (I wouldn't know, I haven't tried). Just so you all know how I roll when it comes to challenging my unchecked facts.I also had some Absynthe (this is what I wanted to ask the bartenders about when I got THE COLD SHOULDER). It was okay. It tasted like Sambuca but was a lovely shade of green. I don't think the kind they sell here in the U.S. have hallucinogenic properties but it was about my 6th drink of the evening so I obviously had a good time with it.I haven't had the food but I will definitely be back for some more Pimm's Cups. I don't give a shit if Ocean Club has them.
3	I love eating here and the drinks are great. The bar staff is wonderful but for some reason the female wait staff continues to be off-putting. They seem unhappy to take our tables and when the bill comes they give us an unitemized receipt that leaves off the gratuity they added on. One waitress even took my half full mojito and rushed the bill on us because she had someplace to be, finally another server took our table, but wasn't happy about it. Mind you, it was only ten o'clock. I will only be sitting at the bar from now on and if we are in a group I guess we will have to find another place to go. :(
4	This may have the coolest ambiance of any of the d/t PHX restaurants - a converted department store from another era. The food is always tasty - I'm a fan of the sandwich with prosciutto and hearts of palm and their pizzas, which are large enough to share. Recently discovered their desserts...get the DONUTS!!!!! The wine list is nice and the cocktails are inventive. Service is friendly and knowledgeable. Was in the other night and the music seemed to be shuffling through about 4 CDs - Fleetwood Mac, John Mellencamp (from his Cougar days), Elton John, Heart and Santana. That probably gives you an idea of their demographic. :-)If I'm going to be d/t, Hanny's is always in my top 3 choices of a place to start, hit and/or end up. Love the HH and the people watching is usually a highlight of the night.
5	Hanny's is so much fun!  It's swanky and has its own DJ.  If you're looking for a fun place to go with friends for drinks, yummy food, and a cool ambiance, this is it!
2	Would be amazing if the servers weren't such jerks. Bartenders are fine so sit at the bar if you don't want some bitchy server to take your half full mojito because she is in a hurry to leave. The shorter male server is awesome, if only he would teach the others his ways. They don't split the tab either, so not good for groups. So much potential, work on it hannys.
4	Well Hanny's. Since that first, really, rather awkward first date we had, I'm pleased to say that you have won my heart. I've been back many times since and have some delicious and playful culinary delights to please my Culinary Comedian palate.From the bruschetta to your steak and your awesome Manhattan's...you most deservedly earn at least one extra star. Loving the banquettes with the backs that ever so slightly recline. Think airplane seat recline. But with more leg room. And better food. Though I must say, the restrooms on an airplane, though small, are more convenient than yours. What is it? The fifth floor? Sixth? I forget.Loving you Hanny's. Dare I say we are actually dating now? The real deal? Next time I see you let's hug and I'll give you a little slap on the ass!
2	The atmosphere is good the place is cool food has no taste
4	Pretty marvelous place considering that this was an old department store that they have turned into a lounge/bar with the potential to have a club type feel to it .Hanny's does in my opinion suffer from a bit of an identity crisis because it feels like all three and none of the above at the same time.That doesn't bother me thought because I can just sit down at the bar and look around because it really is amazing to see the modern mixed in with some deliberately remaining fixtures of the past. The upper floor has a small bar(that I've never seen in use) a  few more intimate spaces to hang, a VERY confusing bathroom area (due to the mirrors and lighting-you're doomed if there's an emergency) and a balcony that opens to the floor below where the classy bar is smack dab in the middle. There is a dinning area surrounding two sides as well as some tables and high chairs on the other side. There is a DJ perch opposite the balcony where pretty cool, chill tunes add to the loungey feel of this place. They have a good selection of beer and wine and according to my girl, "The BEST Manhattan EVER!!!" (served by Rene who had awesome glasses)What I really like about this place is that it's a great place to get a little dressed up and have some high quality adult beverages. Places like this are rare in Phoenix so if you feel like putting on something nicer than jeans and flip flops to enjoy a classy night out, I would recommend checking out Hanny's.
4	Hanny's is a pretty cool spot to grab a late-night snack and cocktail.  More of an intimate restaurant vibe than a drinking spot like I was originally expecting, but for a calm night it's a sure bet.  Definitely check out the elevator shaft you can stand in, as well as the bathrooms that kind of make you feel more like you're at a carnival than a classy establishment... but I mean that in a good way.
5	Had the best time and food! Wood fire pepperoni pizza with a great salad... Fresh greens with parmesan slivers on one side. The other, avocado, artichoke hearts, fresh cut mushrooms, seasoned cherry tomato halves, pickled hearts of palm, diced red onions and hard boiled egg slices topped with a dijon mustard vinaigrette. Not to mention a Paulaner Hefeweizen to complete this amazing meal! Absolutely heavenly!
2	I went here on a Saturday night the drinks were good but it was dead. This place is really cool inside and a great location. I'll try it again but i hope it picks up.
5	Great atmosphere, you must use the restrooms.  Place has a club feel and great music.  Great food and service....I love this place!
4	Visited here with a friend from work and had a great evening.  Found the service to be very professional and friendly.  The reviews here seem to be all over the place, but it seemed to me that they were very well run, and the food...IT ROCKED.Great bar plate of appetizer stuff.Good selection of beers and drinks.Delicious pizza!!!  OMG.  Loved the very thin crust style that they serve. Consider me a fan.
3	Oh Hanny's....It pains me to write this.  You used to be my favorite place to be on a Friday night, sitting at your amazing bar sipping a dirty martini with a plate of prosciutto in front of me...but things have changed!  And not for the better!I'm not going to lie - you've started to attract a crowd that is less than stellar.  The service has gone a bit downhill and your choice of DJs is suffering!  I used to love the random choice of older and modern day music of all varieties, but last time I was there I SWEAR I heard the same hip-hop song over and over and over again!The food, thankfully, hasn't changed.  The bar plate, which is my favorite thing to get, remains the same, thank GOD!  It's the perfect mix of antipasto and would only be better if I had a small jar of olive oil to drizzle on everything.  And I absolutely love the spicy white pizza.  The drinks though?  Are there different bartenders?  My friend used to always drink Sazeracs there and last time they didn't know what a Sazerac was!  And my usual dirty Grey Goose martini was less than par.  I had to ask for extra olive juice twice and they used the wrong vodka.Please please please don't let this continue - your creepy elevator shaft, confusing unisex bathrooms and random basement table of dolls make me happy every time I'm there and I'd hate to stop hanging out.
4	Hanny's is hands down my favorite place to frequent in downtown Phoenix. I was out late after a concert at the Crescent Ballroom and my friend and I needed some nosh! Everything in the area was closed except HANNY'S! The kitchen cooks until 1am every night, the bar pours till 1:30am. The ambiance of Hanny's is great, a old department store from the 40's-50's renovated into is new found glory today. Multi leveled with twisting stairs, a interesting bathroom area and a great elevator shaft that you can walk over!!! The interior is very sleek and refined, but very comfortable. The bar is beautiful, they have great drinks, even a Moscow Mule that comes in a real copper mug! The have great martini prices, only $5. The food selection is great, amazing salads, appetizers, pizza's &  sandwich's. I had the proscutto pizza with arugula. It was delicous. My friend had the beet salad with onion straws app. Also very good. The server we had was very attentive, professional and knew what he was doing. A wonderful experience and a grat place for a date or night out with friends!!!
3	I've been to Hanny's several times but only for drinks so I was recently able to actually eat a meal here! My girl and I left an event next door at the Wyndham or Renaissance I think it's now called and since it was around 11PM on a Sunday we wanted to find a decent place nearby that still served food. So Hanny's was close and had people inside that were eating so we walked on in. I love that this place was at one time a department store it gives it a modern and unique flair. My friend and I were seated right away and since I had been drinking wine earlier in the night all I wanted was water and some delicious food! I was just going to settle on the onion straws but our server insisted on the roast beef sandwich, he said it's what he was having later. So on the menu the sandwich sounds pretty tasty, roast beef, bacon, arugula, and even a fried egg! So when it came out it looked yummy, it even came with a side of the onion straws that I was going to order so I decided to put them on the sammy to add some flavor. I took a bite and...I was kinda bummed...I expected all of these flavors to explode in my mouth but that didn't happen..it was just ok the roast beef was pretty bland but the bacon and onion straws seemed to help it out a bit. My friend had one of their pizza's and she said it was just ok as well.The service was decent and the place has pretty good drinks so I may stop in again to give something off of their menu another try.
4	Went here as a group of 4 on a Tuesday night.  Our waitress was awesome and attentive. We had some cheese/meat/olive appetizers that were very tasty! Our steaks though, I felt were not worth $23. I know mine and my bf's both were over done but we gobbled them down anyhow(i am not one to complain like some snob.) They were still bland which was disappointing though. As for drinks, they have the best mojito and champagne mixed drink. I will probably come here next time just for appetizers and drinks...since the dinners didn't "amaze" me too much.
5	Hanny's is ultimately my favorite place downtown. Any night out I have typically has one visit to Hanny's. I love everything about Hanny's... The atmosphere, drinks, food, food and food... There is always a DJ playing above the crowd and the music is always good. My favorite eats...#1 Prosciutto di Parma Pizza #2 Side Salad #3 Doughnuts and Chocolate Sauce Other favorites... chocolate cake, any other pizza, snack plate... Anything really... My favorite drinks...  I typically go with a Grey Goose on the rocks with 3 lemon wedges.. Which is a generous pour for $10 at Hanny's, but their signature cocktails are yummy too.. I like Peach Porch Tea, Huckleberry Lemonade or any martini. If I'm not drinking hard liquor, I will order a carafe of Pinot Grigio only $15 when one glass is $9. The seats recline on the booths, if it's busy enough you can get a seat upstairs and it's always fun to sit in the window seats. I have never had a service issue and the staff is friendly and willing to make good small talk. Hanny's is a great place to hang out any night of the week...
3	Great people watching! I mean it was a Friday night and not only did me and Dottsy Z score a great parking spot, but we also scored great seats at the bar. The drinks we had were pretty strong, small but strong but the bartenders are NOT the friendliest of the bunch. I get the fact that you are busy but  you can pretend to actually like the customers you are serving. One of the bartenders got upset because a patron was saving a seat next to her for her friend who was trying to find a parking spot. He said to her that since it was soooo busy she could not save the seat (since there was this massive line of people waiting for said seat-- said sarcastically of course) We were a little put off but whateve. Or when the group that was celebrating a friends birthday and the birthday girl asked for suggestions as to what would be a good drink, he told her to read the menu to see the ingredients in the drinks and go from there. Ouch! However It didn't stop us from having a good time, it just made this review even more interesting.  All in all, great people watching, small,expensive but strong drinks, and not so friendly bartenders.
5	Hanny's makes one of the best martinis in the valley hands down... but it also comes with a rather steep price tag! The atmosphere here is unrivaled by any other spot in downtown Phoenix, so if you're looking for that swanky night out, or want to impress some out-of-towners, this is the perfect spot. The kitchen stays open til 1am every night and the dining area offers ample seating, even after the Suns game ends and swarms of people flood the streets and bars!  If you live downtown, this spot should be a regular hangout! If you're just visiting, don't leave without stopping by for a cocktail at Hanny's!
4	This is what a swank downtown lounge should be: Excellent service even on a busy Saturday night. Martinis made perfectly. Cheerful accommodation of special requests. Suitably swank architecture and decor (and patrons). I'm very glad I finally made it down to sample Hanny's, which was for years a men's clothing store, not a department store as some seem to believe. I brought along a party of international colleagues who were hooked on Merc Bar from a prior visit. I wanted them to try something new. As we approached the entrance and opened the door, there was a collective sigh bordering on a gasp. This was exactly what the doctor ordered. I'll hold back on the final star until I have a chance to sample their food, but I still recommend it to anyone looking for a swank experience in downtown Phoenix.
5	This is one of my favorite places to go on a date.  Classy establishment with great service and it's not gonna break the bank.  Make sure you check out the bathrooms before you leave.  And order some "Celebration" as soon as you sit down.
3	This place was ok. We originally wanted to go to Bianca's but the place was too full. So, we walked around downtown Phoenix and decided this was the best (as far as ambiance and menu wise).The service was kind of slow here. There's an art in cased in a glass exhibit that everyone seems to stop and look at.The food was ok but a bit overpriced. We ordered some grilled cauliflowers and roasted peppers, friend string onion rings, proscuitto, and sausage pizza.This place definitely have a loungy hip ambiance. Check out the bathroom when you visit this joint!
4	Sometimes, you've had a hard week, lots of issues, or a big quality review, and by Friday you are the mental equivalent of a limp dish rag and you just need...you just need, in the words of some unknown hipster, to chillax and commiserate on the travails of modern work life with your peers and that is where Hanny's comes in as an ideal lunch spot.My office building is close to downtown Tempe so Hanny's is a bit out of the way and if you drive, instead of take the light rail, the parking and driving in downtown Phoenix is an adventure unto itself but if you get there before noon and walk in you are greeted by a world of dark leather tones, gently playing classical music and a lack of artificial lighting (so prevalent in our modern workplace), and waitstaff that know how to be efficient and helpful and not overly intrusive (I distinctly remember that the waiter did not feel the need to come over every five minutes and ask how things were going, but instead quietly came around and refilled drinks, which I greatly appreciated).I had the roast beef sandwich which was a layering of one or two thin slices of ribeye, delicious salty/smokey bacon and a fried egg on Ciabatta bread which was wonderfully soft and hugged the sandwich like a loving mother hugs a beloved child, creating the most delicious amalgamation of flavors as I noshed through my sandwich with little driblets of egg yolk falling like summer rain onto my plate (which is how I saw it but my dining companions might have just have thought of that as messy eating).The BLT was quite popular among my dining companions though I was somewhat disappointed no one went for the BLT supremo which has the addition of a sliced hard boiled egg and provolone cheese (egg of any time on a lunch sandwich seems to be a bit out of most people's culinary interests except for a hard few, like your fearless yelper). Other's had the rocket salad (which seemed to involve a large amount of arugula, though my friend seemed to enjoy it, and another had the chopped salad). I myself had a small side salad and the lemon vinaigrette was wonderfully subtle and fresh and I distinctly remembered commenting on how much I enjoyed it.So there I was, exhausted after a tough week of office political infighting, and as I ate my delicious sandwich, laughed and joked with my peers, had my ice tea regularly and quietly filled up, all while hearing the ebullient  strains of classical music underscoring my experience, I felt the despair drain out of me and my willingness to go back next week into the office fray blossom once again. Okay, so four stars...obviously I loved it so why not five? Well, I don't feel that I've truly experienced a place like this one until I've had the happy hour/dinner experience and I have a feeling that this is when a place like this really shines, when the sun has not only been down but down for a loooooooong time, especially since they serve food till 1 am and last pour is at 1:30...so you have time to finish the drink and still make the last light rail.  In fact, having dinner with some other friends tonight and will put that on our future itinerary. Until then, happy eating my fellow yelpers. :-)
2	This place totally reminds me of the movie "American Psycho" with Christian Bale.  I imagine business men coming here doing coke in the crazy large and private stalls with a sink and all.  The people there when I was actually weren't like that.  Anyways its super pricey and nothing that impressive for food, except the kitchens open late.  The wait staff's uniforms look like smocks and the atmosphere is kinda like 80s glam; if that makes any sense to you.On a positive note the dj there plays good tracks, but its not a dance place.
5	Lots of fond memories here...
3	Bizarre decor meets solid "Roman" style pizzas, meets a terrible wine list.  Hanny's is probably the most bizarrely decorated place I've ever eaten.  I've eaten in rural China by the way.  Phoenix is a bit of a mystery in and of itself, it's all so new, and yet there are no humans here.  The streets are abandoned both at night and during the day.  But, I digress.  The pizza for $10 was really quite good, I had the proscuitto di parma, and the beer I had from Colorado was an excellent IPA.  The side salad was also really pretty generous.  The wine list, it's terrible.  I know about wine, so I know what I'm talking about.  The 'reserve' list?  It had a $9 Pinot Gris from Washington for $37 dollars.  Stop the madness.  Great place for a bite, don't order wine. The decor was like some sort of modern Caligula meets a matador.  Strange.
5	Can't I just show you some pictures of Hanny's, give it six stars, and call it a day? No? I have to be more descriptive in reviews? Fine.This place rocks. Shut up and sit down at the bar. Order anything. You'll learn pretty fast. You can't go wrong with the Caiprinaha. I can't pronounce (or spell) it either, but they'll be more than happy to give you an intro to this high-octane Brazilian cocktail. Yes, it's $10 but you don't even know what cachaca is so pipe down and enjoy it. If you're a wuss like me, just stir it up with your nifty stick of rock candy until you can handle it. All cocktails are pricey, but most of them use high-end ingredients. All made by knowledgeable bartenders.If you want dinner, just go with something that has prosciutto on it. I had it on my pizza and lemme tell you--you can't go wrong with this. If you dine at the right time, you can expect a DJ on the second floor.But whatever you do, use the restrooms. USE THE RESTROOMS. Tell me you're not amused. I'll try not to ruin the surprise.Overall, I've only been here a handful of times, but I don't think I could ever get tired of it. Here are some tiny nit-picky criticisms I have:-It was totally cooler when the bathrooms didn't have labels on them. I think there were more mirrors (oops! spoiler alert!) too. I totally understand why it would need the slight adjustment, and it's still great for conversation.-Several cocktails stood out because they used Bacardi Rum. At the risk of sounding like a snob, that discouraged me from trying the rum-based beverages.-Your staff looks a tad worn out and a bit short. When I get carded twice to order a drink, I can tell that a lack of communication may spill into other tasks around the establishment. -WHEN IS THE BAR ON THE SECOND FLOOR OPEN!? IT'S AMAZING.I'll shut my trap. Just go here, you won't regret it.
4	Thee best night spot for a night full of great music//drinks//food//company! The atmosphere is so great with tons of folks coming in & out of the doors. It's a place that you need to try out before leaving Downtown PHX.If you love great old school hip hop music, delicious classic strong drinks, active crowd of folks & great italian food.......This is your place & it goes for ALLLLLL AGES as well!
3	Great place for drinks...I didn't try any of the food, but the drinks were delish. Moscow mules are yummy. I would recommend this place for a nightcap. The space is interesting so visit this place just to see the randomness like the old elevator shaft, the mirrored hallway to the bathroom, and the hidden DJ booth!
2	Yeah, we caught them at a busy time, but server was over-compensating (with attitude) for lack of competence.  Food was okay, a bit greasy for such a hipster place.   Maybe other servers are less desperate, more efficient.  We came to spend money and have a good  time; they seemed put out because their place of business was crowded.
4	4 stars for atmosphere and $2 martinis. Food is just mediocre. Pizza is good though!
2	The short and simple is this: I love the food, I hate the ambiance. There something so dark and creepy about this place, almost like a building where someone's been murdered or something. I'm overcome by this awful feeling every time I enter the building and I don't think its just because its an insufferable hipster hangout. The building is a renovated department store that has several of the vestiges of its former iteration, like an old glass bottomed elevator shaft, brand name signs, etc. In theory I love places like this that honer the building's history, but this place just gets under my skin in a bad way. Like I stated up front, the food is great. They have a wonderfully creative menu and fantastic salads (Garden chopped is amazing). They also have an array of really unique cocktails. And even if you don't actually come here for dinner, its worth exploring the upstairs bathrooms which are renovated 'changing rooms.' Just don't expect it to be the most relaxing, enjoyable dinner; at least I've never found it to be.
5	This should be your only stop when in downtown phoenix for drinks and food. Before or after a D-Backs or Suns game or any other event. Great drinks, live DJ playing music in the background all around fun place from the elevator shaft to the restrooms. I recommend any pizza.
5	Excellent food, martinis and music. Come downtown. Come to Hannys.
4	One of the best PIMM'S cups I've had and I drink them at home often....Not so much a fan the roast beef sandwich we had but the beet salad and pizza is phenomenal.Had two completely different experiences with the homemade donuts - first time they were dark but amazing, second time they were white, doughy, chewy and icky. The waitress didn't seem to care and acted like it was our problem and didn't take them off the check or try to give a us new ones. **Note to self -  If they are very light  - send them back!!Love the reclining booths and music...DJ pops out every now and then from the wall but not sure which nights/times
4	Remarkable sleek modern pizza lounge. They managed to successfully transform a historic department store building in downtown Phoenix into a hip yet casual and fairly priced lounge. Cool atmosphere and fantastic pizza. We tried the Prosciutto di Parma and Quattro pizzas and they were both great. Overall a pleasant spot to hit with friends for food and retro-drinks, including some absinthe-based cocktails. Service was just OK, perhaps a bit on the snobbish side.
3	Go for the old building and the history not the food. When and if you go, take a peek at the clear bottomless elevator with the endless mine shaft. ( Dizzy spell guaranteed)  and the bathrooms are a hoot. They are the old Dept store's dressing rooms. You don't even know where they are since the doors are painted with figures/pictures instead of signs. The upstairs has cool decorations on the wall. Loved the mirrored hallways. The mannequin art piece when you first walk in is pretty bizarre! Not sure the story behind that one. I wonder if it is an old store mannequin. The food is nothing to write home about. The Cauliflower App Caprese is pretty tasty and the Gongozola Cheese and Pistachio Slaw is yummers but the rest of our food was plain or terrible. Their menu is extremely limited,  Paninis and Pizza and only two entree choices. My friend got a pork Panini sandwich and she said it was so dry that it was really bad. I got a regular Panini and it was just ok.The bread was very dry and the sandwich was tasteless. The dessert menu looked good but we did not indulge. Seems like they have a pretty good drink menu so maybe a cool bar hangout instead of a meal choice pick? It does have a good location for downtown activities.
3	Truly a fun place to hang out and people watch.  I was in last night for a late night glass of wine and a pizza.  The prosciutto pizza is super thin crust and pretty good.  A lot of people from Comicon were in and out wearing their costumes.  What a kick!
5	Cool vibes, good energy, and even better drinks. If you are downtown, this place is a must!
1	Wow.. I've been to Hannys a handful of times but Saturday ruined it for me.. we just went in for the cocktails after being across to street. Much to my disappointment we were barely greeted at the door to sit at a.table for 10 minutes prior to being spoken to by a server.. we walked out. How insane? It will take an act of the heavens for me to go back.. only advice, sit in a highly visible area and make contact with your server promptly..
3	This place is cool because it used to be a clothing store; now lounge. My bf and I come here from time to time on date night to enjoy a few drinks, and we have not been disapppointed. The drinks are ok; not nearly as strong as my fav AZ88. The music on Friday is usually on point. My bf and I love hip hop so it was def a treat to have a DJ who catered to some of the 90's tunes. Would def come again :)
5	One night I was walking by Hannys and judged a book by its cover.  I like classy places.  But, I am not fond of bougie lounges.  So, I had wrote it off before even giving it a try.  But, a great person invited me to experience it before making any conclusions.  I was pleasantly surprised.  It was everything that I it wasn't.  The ambiance was electric and the service was if we had worked together before.  The music was hot.  And if you haven't seen the art downstairs...I think you should...
5	Had a wonderful time, and it's a great environment! The margarita pizza was out of this world, and the old fashions were mixed perfectly!I had left my phone there a few hours before closing. Our wonderful waiter and an additional waitress (I'm so very sorry I can't remember your names! ): ) found it, called my sister, we drove from Surprise back to Phoenix, and they stayed a little late for me to come and pick it up.THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AMAZING! You both have wonderful hearts!
4	I'd give this place a 4.5 out of 5. Their cocktails were second to none, although the price is to be expected for the locale. Pretty much any liquor you could ask for was on hand, and I highly recommend the Caipirinha with Crystalized Sugar, or the Chartreuse Cooler.As far as food goes, it's very good as far as a bar/lounge goes. Definitely has an Italian flair if you know the first thing about pizza (think Neapolitan style, but a tad more thin.) Even their prosciutto was above-par.Ambiance was definitely unique. Unisex bathrooms, a lounge in an old department store...I can dig it.Definitely worth a few visits...or many, since I love Caipirinhas.
4	I have been here twice now.  The atmosphere is very hip.  There is a cool elevator shaft with a glass floor that you can stand in (if heights don't bother you), and they have really interesting bathrooms, marble tables and a really unique decor.  I think it was an old department store. It is a great place to go for drinks, they are very reasonably priced and I haven't found them to be weak at all.  On my recent visit I ordered a "classic Manhattan" cocktail and the waitress told me about their "aged Manhattan" which was not on the menu.  It was quite tasty and very smooth.  It was a couple of dollars more, but it was very good.  I also had their beet salad (there will be a theme here...I will almost always order it, if there is a beet salad or beets of any kind on the menu).  It had arugula, goat cheese, pistachios and a really nice light flavored dressing.  The pistachios were a very nice touch.  Very good.  I have also had their bar plate appetizer.  They have a nice selection of cocktails and nice menu with salads, pizzas, and appetizers (I think that they have sandwiches too, but I usually skip over those). I will definitely be back again.  Great experience on both visits.
4	I like everything about this place - the food, people, staff, and the atmosphere. Try the asparagus with a fried egg on top or any of the pizzas. They are all about the handcrafted cocktails here - try the moscow mule or a pimms cup.
3	Recently went to Hannys when we went to the phx. symphony hall.  we stopped in for a bite and some wine.  the pizza was great and our waiter was very nice.  the atmosphere was nice too.  One downer was the wine pours.  i honestly have not seen such cheapness. they must be getting 7 glasses per bottle.  when we jokinkgly commented to order a second glass, the comment went to deaf ears and we again received a splash of wine.
2	Super disappointing, they won't take reservations and I wanted to make a reservation for 20 persons. I've been here many many times and love the food and drinks but would definitely not suggest it for large parties. I wouldn't have asked if I didn't think that the mixologists weren't amazing. Big disappointment! May be back in the future for drinks, but for now I'll take my money elsewhere.
3	Hanny's is a great place to see and be seen.  It is very large compared to other lounges, but is often very crowded.  Every time I've been the service has always been slow.  I've only ever eaten dessert there, which was a disappointing lemon tart (mostly hard pastry shell with very little lemon filling).  I have, however, heard many good things about the rest of their menu.  My Phoenix crowd loves to hang out there.
5	Awesome late night resta-clubar! Great people mix=great people watching. Good house DJ's keep the atmosphere pumping and delicious food make it a repeatable affair.
4	Sit at the bar and ask for Sean. Great drink prices considering the atmosphere and very strong drinks. This is also an Absinthe bar if your in for something different. In addition to the drinks they have great local DJ's throughout the week and on weekends. Good vibe, good drinks, great service...
4	We were on our way out of the Southwest all we were looking for was a meal and AIR CONDITIONING!We found both and an excellent staff as well.  We had two salads, well prepared and a touch out of the ordinary, but not bizarre.We arrived before lunch and I was a bit concerned that it was almost empty, but by the time we left the tables were nearly all taken. By the other reviews I guess the nighttime is the right time.It would be great however if there was a a sign at the corner indicating which of the two possible entrances was the right one. An extra 25 steps may not be much for natives, but for wooly mammoths from the north it was disheartening.
3	This was a very fancy place walking in and had a very unique, neat, setup with a swanky atmosphere. After sitting down with no wait, we were waited on. The menu is not very extensive and the food was as exquisite as I had hoped. The drink selection on the other hand was not too expensive and had a large selection of cocktails, which is the reason this gets a 3 star instead of a 2 or 1 star rating. The bathroom situation was pretty confusing at first but once you understand how they work, it makes sense. The DJ played some good music and the place was nicely setup, but for food, don't expect a lot of choices.
3	If anyone ever says to me that downtown Phoenix doesn't have cool bars, I'll send them to Hanny's.The sister restaurant to AZ 88 is chic and totally has a Manhattan vibe, with its minimalist, modern decor and live music.The spot is comprised of several stories, with the main restaurant and bar on the middle floors. I had a Pimm's Cup, one of the bar's specialties, and a mojito.The drinks are smaller portions than you might be used to, but that's how Hanny's does all their cocktails.We shared a Bar Plate ($8.50), which is great if you love prosciutto, since there's a ton of it. It also comes with bread, cheese, olives and nuts-perfect to pair cocktails with.My side salad ($4.50) was OK, but I wish the place served ranch dressing. I wasn't super-crazy about the Dijon vinaigrette.And despite how much I love the cool vibe of Hanny's, the regular menu is so disappointing. If you don't like sandwiches, you're stuck with a salad or flat bread pizza. We ordered one with olives  ($12), and while I loved the cheese, it tasted more like a cracker than pizza.The pizzas are just mediocre-I could make a better one myself, and I don't even cook. I would love if Hannny's expanded its menu or made thick-crust pizzas. Maybe if it had more to offer food-wise, the restaurant would become more popular.I absolutely love the tiramisu ($7) at Hanny's, though, and the great music by the DJ's distracted from the so-so food. I really appreciate the live music and think Hanny's has great potential to become a bustling bar.
2	Hipster Novelty.My first thought walking into Hanny's was WOW this place is swanky. After taking a seat and looking around I realized that most of the people there were hipsters with jeans and t-shirts.I ordered the Rocket Salad and a dirty martini. For the salad, I was expecting a large arugula salad decked out with olives, sopressata (whatever that is), and provolone. I was deceived and instead got a small 1 1/2 cup serving of arugula with one hard boiled egg on the side and maybe four thin slices of sopressata and no cheese in sight. It tasted like the arugula had lemon juice squeezed on top and honestly it looked like 50 calories. I was so incredibly disappointed and a little drunk from the martini considering I had eaten such a small meal. Anywho I went on my merry way and ended up snacking when I got home later. I give this place 2 stars solely because the martini was good and they had a well stocked bar.
3	Nice upscale trendy atmosphere.  Coming from SF I couldn't believe the prices - martinis and BLT's for two and a $30 tab?  The drinks alone would have cost that in SF.Anyway, nice place.  A good martini and decent light food.
4	i really love this place... it's great to roll in anytime - day or night -  and feel a pulse in the heart of the city i love! much needed in central phoenix!highlights: great tunes, super cool bathrooms, reclining bench seats, weird basement doll party, $5 martinis always, serves food until 2am, glass floor elevator shaft, balcony where you can watch all of the actiongreat for: business lunches, after-hours grub/coffee & dessert, light-rail field trip, chillin like a villanfood loves: chopped salad, gorgonzola slaw, onion strings, prosciutto di parma pizza, coffee (although i can never find it on the menu, it's really good)
4	Really good hidden find in downtown Phoenix. Great Cocktails and  Food. The music and Atmosphere is something you would see in San Francisco. Such a great surprise.
1	I was at first impressed when we stopped in for a round of drinks on my birthday. Very swanky modern place with a fun and eclectic atmosphere and a great variety of drinks. Our group had a $60 tab, which we paid, then moved on to another place. The next day I found out that our $60 tab got charged, as well as a second charge for $219! I called my bank and disputed the charges (which could take 10 days) and they recommended working with management at Hanny's to cancel the charges, so the funds could be returned within the hour. I found out that our server accidentally charged our card for the wrong tab, voided the transaction, and then said nothing to us (probably hoping the money would be returned to our account before we noticed). When I called, the manager seemed nonchalant about the whole thing, never once apologized for what happened, and then said I shouldn't worry about it because they didn't actually charge my card and it would probably drop off on its own faster than he could contact his merchant services about it the following day. I still asked him to follow up, told him I'd appreciate his time, and reminded him we were talking about $220 here. He begrudgingly said he would and then didn't get back to me today. When I called, he obviously hadn't passed along the information to the other manager because he had zero knowledge of what had happened and the funds are still on hold 3 days later. Happy birthday, right?! Hands down, a very frustrating experience and I'm not impressed with their customer service AT ALL. For the lack of concern their management and staff have for their patrons, I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.
4	Went here tonight, liked it a lot. Great selection of appetizers and good flavors. The two reasons it's only 4-stars are 1) the music is slightly too loud to have a conversation on a normal, not-yelling level, and 2) the actual dinner menu is a bit small. Waitstaff is nice and polite and attentive.
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review for our night out here.We had a blast!  A small group of couple-friends from work and us went on a Friday after work.. it wasn't busy busy yet, so we had our pick of the tables and we had a great, comfortable spot once it did get really busy that night.  The ambiance and decor is a bit cooky mixed with modern sleek.Our server gal was impressive - she was engaging, genuinely friendly, knowledgeable about the beers and quick with service.We ordered the Bar Plate with lost of different things on there that was enough for all of us.. there were three different pizzas on the table that we ordered and they were all delicious in their own right (yes, I tried 'em all!).  I really liked that the crust was thin and still chewy and crispy at the same time.  The beet salad also looked delicious from across the table.What stood out for me was, of course, their passion for cocktails.  I loved that I wanted to try every drink on their menu... well, we practically did.  At our table was Chimay, Huckleberry Lemonade, Classic Manhattan, ... and, of course a couple different types of Absinthe (Mata Hari and Grant Absente) and my Yellow 80 proof Chartreuse.  Great cocktails, is all I can say!Great ambiance, cool decor, friendly and quick staff, tasty pizzas and a covetable bar menu and you got me at hello.
4	Can't believe that I haven't reviewed Hanny's after soooooo many visits.  It's the anchor of downtown's restaurants...one of the first in downtown Phoenix's revival.  The pizza's are rock solid and can't pass up the Pork Calabrese is my go to.Great drink menu and the vibe is always kicking on the weekend.  Top it all off with a well rounded Absinthe menu.Find me here almost every week.  The staff is friendly and remembers a familiar face.
5	This is a great place.  Great food and service. Great before a show.
5	4.5 stars, but mostly because when this place gets ubercrowded, you'd better already be seated and/or buzzed.  Even though this is my happy place on the weekends, I actually adore Hanny's on a weeknight when the lounge vibe is in full effect and I can have a convo and sip my Old Fashioned like a goddamn queen.  But I also love weekends for killing St. Germain martini after martini, rapping to the old school hip hop playing from the DJ booth, occasionally ordering a Proscuitto di Parma pizza to soak up the alcohol from the spots I hit before I made it to Hanny's (I'm talking to you Candlestick Makers at The Arrogant Butcher).  And I second Bryan B's comment about the staff - they definitely remember regulars and make sure to go out of their way to keep you happy.I think, as an east coast birdie, a good deal of my love of Hanny's is the fact that I feel like I'm back in NYC or DC for a night, all without leaving the valley.  The starkly modern decor that embraces the bones of the old department store that Hanny's calls home is preserved so elegantly well.  And I still giggle as I snap pictures in the abandoned elevator shaft.  The bathrooms aren't gimmicky in my opinion (I love the ecstatic silhouette of the people in wheelchairs!) but you may have to walk past people that don't understand that you need to just push on doors to see which ones are vacant.  Let your city panties show and walk right in.The menu is tasty enough, but this is a place for bar food and not necessarily a special trip for dinner.  Aside from the aforementioned pizza, the salumi plates are killer (with the prosciutto cut right before your eyes) and the sandwiches similar to the offerings at AZ88.  Eat before you come, and sip away on bespoke cocktails strong enough to set your ass a-groovin.  That's why you came, isn't it?
3	I only gave this joint three stars because of their classic cocktail menu. Not many bartenders make old fashioneds or singapore slings anymore, and I love the fact that they have a variety of old drinks, plus a huge list of good scotch and other spirits. It does bother me that some people, mainly hipster trash, will frequent this place and enjoy these drinks just for the fact that they're vintage, old, classic, aka hipster gold. Also, the food wasn't too compelling. I ordered a steak sandwich, and it was so so; the steak was a little too gristly to enjoy. The ambiance is definitely a hip, modern vibe; that can be good but not here. Places like this should cater to all the denizens of the area, not just some asshole beardo with a ski cap and an english degree from Evergreen State College.
5	Awesome place! Very unique and chic, a really good date spot I'd imagine. Lots to explore here, making your way to the bathroom is almost like an adventure. Very cool joint indeed.
3	On Saturday night we were looking for late night bite - There was an hour wait for a table at 10pm but the atmosphere is great and we were into the music. Hanny's is definitely "the scene" kind of place, and its fun if you're in the mood for that. The place was packed so we went to the upstairs bar and there was no wait. I had a huckleberry lemonade and it was way too sweet for my taste so I switched to wine. We finally got our table and here's where the 3 stars come in - the service was not good, its the kind of place where the servers seem put out by you, and it was very. very. slow. It took 2.5 hours for dinner, which was ok, we were with a group of friends and enjoying their company but its not really a long dinner place since the music is too loud to talk. I had the Americano pizza which I shared with friends and everyone liked it. Hubby had the Porchetta sandwich and it was excellent. At the end of the meal our appetizer showed up - it didn't dawn on the runner that she was delivering an appetizer to a table full of empty plates and when I told her we didn't want it, that we were waiting for a check, she gave me an incredulous look and just stood there in silence. Our waitress seemed to think it was a big favor that they were going to take the appetizer off the check and said that the bar puts out some of the appetizers and they were backed up (nevermind the fact that we'd been at our table for 2 hours by then, that's pretty backed up).Hanny's would be a lot of fun for drinks, music and people watching, and while the food was good I don't think we'll be doing dinner again based on the service.
5	One of my favorite hangouts in downtown Phoenix! Hanny's never disappoints! My friends and I usually visit on Friday or Saturday nights when they have a DJ. I love the music, decor, ambiance, food (my heart belongs to the cheese plate), the young hipster/trendy crowd and drinks. Even when it's crowded, you never feel ignored by the wait staff which is an extra plus!
3	Came here on a sat night and was surprised. This is a very happening place with a great dj. As with just about any place downtown, here you will see a mixed crowd of folks which definitely lends to the charm. This is one of the few spots that people actually dress to impress, lots of good looking people in here. However, I was dressed casual (t-shirt and jeans)  and still fit right in. They have a good selection of food and drinks ( had the prosciutto pizza that was topped with heaps of arugula) to choose from. The upstairs bar is where everyone went to mingle, and the bathrooms are a damn trip. I stood there for a good 5 min trying to figure it out (pick a door, and give it a good push. If it doesn't open, someone's in there. )Can only give it 3 stars. Why? The pizza was decent...not terribly flavorful. Plus someone at an adjacent table ordered fish and it was STRONG smelling (doesn't mean it wasn't good tho). The wait staff was very nice and cordial, but everything took too long to get. Someone ordered a drink and it didn't come till about 20 min later ( we had actually forgotten about it). That was pretty much the wait time for a drink. The food was bout the same, a little longer.
3	I only went for cocktails, and thought the prices were a little too high for my tastes.  However, the service was really good and the decor was really top notch.  I love good adaptive reuse projects, and this building just oozes class without forgetting what it once was (Hanny's Mensware Store).  The bathroom thing was creepy at first, but turned out to be fun!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Hanny's. I stop here every chance I get. It is right in the heart of downtown and has such a cool vibe. From decor to music!The food is great. Love the bruschetta for sharing and the authentic flatbread pizzas are delish! The Quattro is my fav. I also cannot leave without having a drink. I know it might seem kind of pricy but if you like drink like I like drink you will know that these prices are just right. English Garden? Yes please. Absinthe? Yes please. And you cannot beat a 5 dollah martini! Your choice gin or vodka. Or a petite for you lightweights at 2.50. I do vaguely recal having the delicious BLT or at least a bite of one the last time I was here late night after a show at Crescent. LATE NIGHT! During the week none the less. I love that Downtown is starting to have some life again! Woohoo!
4	Really good time.  Great location for events downtown.  Bartenders are knowledgeable, and perfectly poured drinks.  Pizza and Salad are perfect for 2 people to split.  Make sure you ask about the history of the place, and head downstairs before you leave.
5	It's the place to be. I went before heading over to Symphony Hall and seeing Ballet AZ perform Giselle. Having heard great reviews about the place, it's food and the vibe... I had to try it.Restored into a restaurant and bar from an old department store, Hanny's has the feel straight of of New York City. The lighting is dim enough to give that sexy, intimate feelings and with long, pew style seating with individual tables, the vibe is very posh.My roommate and I ordered the bruscetta plate and the margarita pizza. Very good choice! The bruscetta plate was on the saltier side, so be wary of that but it was delish. The pizza was much bigger than we expected. For $10 you really do get a good deal. We each orded drinks. A orded the peach martini and a glass of giseling. Wasn't a HUGE fan of the martini and I thought it tasted like cough syrup but it was also my very first martini so I am not holding Hannys against anything. My roommate on the other hand said it was the best Manhattan he'd ever had, which I believe.Hannys has a modern feel with a touch of Mad Men and I simply cannot wait to go back.
1	I have been a frequent goer to this restaurant while living in the city and while the food and drinks are great, the service is absolutely terrible. I have never met such an overly arrogant and prideful staff. They feel that as long as you have a minor issue, it is your fault and not theirs. For example, my friend specifically asked for the midnight martinis, it is 12:02 PM. She serves us full sized martinis. My friend was a little concerned that the waitress didn't hear us correctly, and to make sure we were not being charged full priced, she flagged the waitress over to which she says "those are full priced martinis." My friend proceeds to state that we have specifically requested midnight martinis to which the waitress responds "I didn't hear you.". So instead of apologizing for the misunderstanding and offering the midnight specials, she retaliates and gets defensive. Because of her incompetence, we request to speak to the manager to which he towers over the table and asks "What's going on here?". oh hi, nice to see you too. He didn't even introduce himself properly nor professionally. I was so turned off by the negative and defensive attitude, that I have just about had it with that place. IT is not the first time I have received this poor service, and they need to get off their high horse and get their game together. Sorry i'm not sorry Hanny's, but we're going to have to part ways.What is a huge turn off of all, is knowing that after scrolling through these reviews, 1 out 5 customers are very unhappy with the service provided and almost all have the same context, "servers and waitstaff are rude". I am pleading out to the owner of Hanny's: For the sake of you're great restaurant, please hire new management and waitstaff, they are making you look horrible!!!
5	Just went to Hanny's for the first time and really loved it!  It reminded me of one of the speak-easy style restaurant/bars in LA, with a great menu and drink selection to boot.  If I lived in AZ, this would surely be a hang out.I had a beet salad, veggie pizza, and a Pim's cup, and really enjoyed the food (as did my family, who also had pizzas and dessert).  This place is great if you have stuff to do downtown (either before or after a show/event), and the swanky/sexy atmosphere would be great for a date as well.  I loved that they kept the vibe of the former store alive, but added their own flare, including the bathrooms & downstairs (it is a must to see both).Our server Nicole did an awesome job!  She was really nice and on top of it, and made the evening even more special.  The bar was packed and for good reason - the bartenders really know how to make a drink!  (They are all pretty easy on the eyes, too...).  A DJ was spinning from his perch above the crowd, adding to the overall cool ambiance.I recommend parking in a lot nearby as it can be a bit hard to find a spot on a busy night.  But, there's a lot to walk to nearby, so you get a lot of bang for your buck.  A huge plus - the kitchen is open until 1am 7 days a week!Phoenix needs more places like Hanny's!  A must-try for great food, drinks, & service in a really cool environment!
2	Saturday night they all come out ot play.  This was my first time here and I was kind of enamored with the whole "old bank" deal.  The vibe and people are what make this joint worth it.  Oh and the $5 martinis. The service...oh the service.  You would get your food faster by going to the grocery store, going home cooking and brining it then you would relying on the service...oh and they are not especially friendly either.  The food was pretty good though, once served.
3	We came here last night to celebrate finals being over... and it wasn't much of a celebration after dealing with their staff.I will say - the food and drink selection is fabulous. I've never been so in love with an apple martini. I'm not even a pizza junkie but I found myself addicted to theirs. The place itself is also tons of fun... they have a DJ and the crowd is live! It reminds me of a lounge in New York or Los Angeles.However, the service is just awful. The bartenders are rude and the waiters aren't pleasant either. Granted, it is unbelievably packed and I'm sure they're up to their neck in orders... but that doesn't excuse impolite behavior. I would definitely recommend everyone to give this place a chance; if you happen to have friendly service that night, you'll fall in love with Hanny's.
3	Go for the drinks, go for the food, go for the architecture but don't go for decent service; there is none to be found. Their cocktails are some of the best downtown and the building itself is amazing and conceptual. I've never had a bad plate of food there and they serve late but I've also never had decent service, always stuffy and standoffish. The last time I went in our server took the center piece off our table in the middle of our meal!  I always go in with the hopes that if I'm nice then the server will respond. Nope. Never. But I always go back.
4	WTF? I thought for sure I had reviewed this place. Whoops. Ok, I really love Hanny's. Like for real, it's almost creepy. You instantly feel cool as fuck upon walking into this bar. A huge part of that is the AWESOME FUCKING MUSIC playing on Friday's and Saturday's, but the other part is the lighting and interesting layout of the place. It's very unique and almost secretive. There's a weird basement downstairs that you can't get into, then upstairs is where the DJ spins incredible electronic music. There's another upstairs section with a separate bar and dining area, nice little spot to chill. You can overlook the restaurant, make sexual eye contact with the DJ, and flick water onto unsuspecting patrons. What! I have never done that. The bathrooms are kinda weird, at first I struggled on where I was supposed to go and how to open the door. It's even more difficult when you're hammered, but usually there's someone else up there wandering around wondering the same thing. Together, you'll probably figure it out. The drinks are very unique and strong. A good variety to choose from. A tad bit pricey, but it goes with the style of the bar. The food is great too. I've had their sandwiches, salads and pizzas. All were just delicious! I get very excited every time the suggestion of going to Hanny's come up during the weekend. I highly recommend this spot. :)*Side note - only reason for 4 stars instead of the 5 - sometimes the staff can be a little snotty. At least 3 separate times I've had both bartenders and servers act kind of rude. Not anything terrible, especially for a person like me who isn't bothered by much, but just a tinge of an attitude. Eh, maybe it's a coincidence. I've also have several pleasant experiences, clearly. Hopefully it was just a bad day for these folks.
4	We've been here a few times for vintage cocktails and snacks pre-game or concert downtown.$5 dirty gin martinis around the clock, with which you can't go wrong.Other delightful and unique cocktails abound, so why not try something different.  The food is muy delicioso and we are huge fans of the onion straws, gorgonzola slaw and mushroom sandwich, as well as the flat bread pizzas.  Everything is reasonably priced and will not disappoint.Had to knock them down a star because we went most recently with my 16 month old daughter and they don't have a highchair!  Must be a sure sign they are anti-kid, right?
4	I feel a strong sense of deja vu since I swear I've reviewed Hanny's before. Alas, I have not. I've been here several times since last year. I love the design of this department store turned restaurant. And the basement! The creepy dolls are so awesome. Once I got behind the gate and got a picture with the dolls... totally got caught trespassing but oh well. Worth it. The vibe is very hip and trendy, definitely a great place to impress a date. Onto the food-I don't really eat meat so my options are limited. Every time I actually eat there though, I'm all over the Cauliflower Calabrese. It's on the appetizer menu, but I always order it as my entree. It's a spicy veggie mix of cauliflower, peppers and onion strings. So. Damn. Delicious. I've had the bruschetta, and it totally wasn't what I expected it to be since it's more of a tampenade with bread. I also had a veggie sandwich there once that was pretty tasty, I'd still pick the cauliflower dish over it any day though. I look forward to the day where more veggie or fish options are available, take note Hanny's!Drink-wise, I usually order the Moscow Mule. Do NOT order it from the upstairs bar, they don't serve it in the copper mugs and trust that it is not the same. I also like ordering Jameson with a splash of ginger ale. The bartenders know what they're doing and make stiff drinks (at least in my experience). As far as service is concerned, it's alright. I wouldn't say it's the greatest. I'm pretty patient though because when I go, it's normally super packed. I prefer to sit at the bar where the bartenders are more attentive & quicker. All in all, this is a super cool lounge to hang out with and have dinner with some friends, or just a few drinks. You have my heart Hanny's.
3	For pre-show drinks at the bar this place is great. For late night snack afterwards . . . not so much. Honestly, I wanted to love this place. Actually I did at first because of the retro-vibe with Sinatra playing in the background, attractive yet varied-aged clientele. Not your typical Scottsdale scene. And, of course, the martinis.Later we returned for a late-night dinner and was just mildly impressed. The place was packed yet there was no one at the door to take names for seating. We were lucky enough to get a seat at the bar, and ordered the flat bread pizza which was ordinary but acceptable. The most annoying thing to me was the DJ which, compared with the hip lounge music earlier, it seemed he was stuck in the 80's . . . and only the bad 80's. Think Debbie Gibson, Toni Braxton, Boyz II Men. It just didn't fit.I may return, but it will be before 8pm. Oh, and if you go, you must look in the little room next to the elevator. Look up and down through the glass floor - creepy!
3	I'm not even sure, does this place have beer on tap? My girlfriend and I went in late, and wanted to order food off the bar menu. Alas, neither of us saw a single thing that we wanted. This place is just really really weird. The bathrooms are weird, the bar is weird, the downstairs is downright scary. I feel like it's trying to be something it shouldn't be. That being said, go with a larger group and you'll have more fun. Also, make sure to go when a DJ is actually playing, otherwise the music is just horrendous. The DJ really ties the room together.
2	I can't really say too much about the food because we didn't have a chance to eat here.  We waited so long at the front without even being greeted that we just walked away instead.
4	This is a local spot to my work, which is great. I had the The Porchetta, which was absolutely mouth-watering, with a side of Gorgonzola Slaw which was also delicious.   I have been here multiple times for their drinks and if you are going to get something, make sure its a specialty drink to justify the prices. Otherwise its $5 for a bottle of beer. There are also a lot of cool little spots to check out- the downstairs, the up-stairs, and the spot next to the elevator.  It takes use of its old department store space!BTW there is no ranch...
1	This place is terrible. When u order the Moscow mule they make u turn ur drivers license in. They lost my drivers license and the manager basically told me sorry and kicked me out. Yes. He actually told me to leave. So i got the police involved who actually were very friendly and helpful. I guess One of the bartenders gave another guy my Id who looks nothing like me. The manager was a total d-bag and has the worst customer service skills possible. Not just will I never step foot in that dump again but I hope it closes down in the near future. If I could leave negative stars I would.
5	If you want a hip, classy place to eat, this is it.  As many may already know, this restaurant was once a department store.  I love the idea of reusing a building instead of tearing it down.  It's especially cool because they kept some of the old aspects of the department store.  The restrooms appear to have been the old fitting rooms.  The menu consists mainly of unique sandwiches.  One of the side options is the slaw, which they put a unique twist on.  It contains feta and raisins.  There is also a DJ that plays great remixes.  Overall, I great place in downtown Phoenix.
4	I've been here three or four times. I love their specialty drinks and they have delicious sandwiches and pizza. Only complaint is the rude waitress we got last time we were there regardless ill be back just for those martinis!
4	Manhattan.
1	Watch out for the stupid redhead at the bar. Has no manners and respect. Kicked and told on us like a little girl for waiting at the bar since it was full. I want to punch him in the face and take his tip jar next time. Anyways beside him it's an alright place.
5	The owners of AZ88 and Hanny's are amazing! I only wish they would open up a third place in AZ, preferably in north Scottsdale. I love the atmosphere at Hanny's. The food is incredible. The fact that they have gluten free crust is even better. I do wish they served there amazing Az88 waffle fries or some other amazing French fry. The menu is a bit selective but wonderful. And of course they serve fabulous drinks:)Hanny's is great spot to enjoy a great time with friends with superb service, cocktails and food in a fashion focused environment
4	My sisters and I went to Hanny's for my birthday this past weekend. After reading multiple reviews from my fellow Yelpers, I was a little concerned and not sure if I wanted to go to Hanny's after all. We walked in about 10:00pm and the restaurant was busy! We were instantly ushered to our table. Nice! Our waitress was great and our food was delicious and quickly served. $5 martinis??? Heck Yeah! We're going back this weekend!
3	fun lounge. despite the $20K prosciuotto machine, pros. was just ok. But like that they had the plates with pistachios and melon slices. I heard the roast beef was really good.
4	I came here for some drinks with my cousins and I wasn't sure what to expect. But I can honestly say, I liked it. The decor was right up my alley. It had that artsy, creepy, interesting vibe. You have to check it out for yourself. There is a creepy kind of dungeon feel downstairs, with porcelain dolls around a table behind a wire fence. Wth is up with that? But once I saw that, I instantly liked the place even more. There is also this other room, or elevator shaft not quite sure, but it has a glass bottom and you can see all the way down. It's interesting and scary if you're not fond of heights. Our waitress/server was great. I wish I could remember her name. She was very attentive and friendly.   I ordered a Midori Sour way too sweet. I almost went into a diabetic coma, well not really but just so u get my drift. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their drinks, mine was just probably not the bartenders specialty. Overall, it was a nice place to go  and have drinks with your friends. It felt intimate. I would go again.
3	This place has a cool atmosphere and it is good for a pre-show snack but the menu is limited. The flatbread pizza is very flavorful but could have a bit more of the toppings on it. They do make an excellent lemon drop martini and the music is great, but don't plan to fill up before the show .
5	Uhhhhh god I am really racking my brain for something negative to say about Hanny's....there's just nothing.  THIS PLACE IS THE BALLS.  For some reason it reminded me of Clockwork Orange. NSFW announcement:This is the type of place where you could imagine people doing a ton of blow.  I'm not saying anyone does, I have no clue, it just gave me that vibe. They have $5 martinis that will get you fired up if you're a value shopper.  Go checkout the bathrooms upstairs too, it's quite the room.This is kind of a boring review huh.  Being positive just isn't as fun.
2	This is a cool place to have a drink and munch on some decent pizza and killer prosciutto. The waitress was just dreadful however and please please please get rid of those friggin chairs that fall back when you sit on them. That alone made me never want to return. The place is pretty cool to walk around and explore however. I give it 3 stars for the food but 2 for service.
4	I had heard about this restaurant from a staff member at the Children's Museum!See? This is where talking to random people can be a good thing.My husband and I had a chance to go out on TWO date nights this week (thanks, in-laws!), and I'm glad we chose this restaurant as one of our date venues!.The drinks are strong but good and the menu includes some cool throwback recipes from the 1940's. The appetizers were an appropriate serving size (we ordered the bar plate and the asparagus with egg), and my husband's pork milanese was fantastic- breaded and cooked perfectly. My vegetarian sandwich was okay- a little dry, so I would recommend incorporating some sort of sauce with the order.I agree with some the reviewers who commented about the DJ and his choice of 80's music- it needs a little house electronica.
4	I was desperate to hide from the sweltering Phoenix heat, looking for somewhere to eat at 8 pm on a Tuesday evening. In a normal downtown area that would be an easy task but of course, NOT in Phoenix! T hen I came across Hanny's. An old deptartment store that has been transformed into a hip and modern eatery with fantastic food. The beat salad was amazing! Really impressed with Hanny's.
5	Go for the drinks, go for the food, go for the architecture and most importantly the impeccable service. Their cocktails are some of the best downtown and the building itself is amazing and conceptual. I've never had a bad plate of food there and they serve late. Great place.
3	Take a girl here! Do it!Hannys has a great, Downtown Phoenix Location. Close to the light rail, so I rode my bike to the rail, took the train into downtown and biked on ova.I love the sexy vibe!  A  nice big square bar gives the bartenders access to all of their patrons in very workable space. Ideal for conversations and meeting new people. Although the food and drinks maybe a bit pricey,coming here once in a while dinner before hanging out downtown is definitely worth it!They hand pick and place fresh flowers on their table tops nightly which provides for that sexy vibe I mentioned earlier. The DJ is supa sneaka and hidden above the entrance in a booth. Being that this is an older building rebuilt into a bar / dinner spot they have a wicked cool abandoned Elevator shaft with a glass floor that is fun to walk on and experience some of Phoenix history and culture.
5	This is my happy place! Flutes after flutes of French 75 is a must while gorging on a Snack Plate, Prosciutto Solo or Prosciutto di Parma pizza. The cocktail menu is intense and is a pretty solid jump-starter to an interesting night.  Anyone venturing downtown Phoenix sober or inebriated must check this place out. Lounge-y ambiance, no screaming drunk kids (no, I'm not talking about toddlers), hip music, quirky interior, great staff. Really a great place to kick it on a Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday or a Wednesday night. Oh, wait...
3	Came here because everything else was closed and the area was pretty dead. The food was unremarkable. Actually, it was so unremarkable that I don't remember what I ordered. But the water was tasty.
4	Hanny's is a nice place for a date. The food is very good and it is reasonably priced. The pizza and sandwiches here are quite delectable and always seem satisfying. Service is prompt and insightful.The only bad point of Hanny's is I believe they over price their beers and wine. Other than that this is a pretty cool spot.
2	I went back recently after a D backs game. It wasn't our first choice but every other restaurant was swamped with other baseball fans. However, my BF remembered that we enjoyed our food last time had seen other things on the menu we would try. That being said, the menu had changed since the last time we visited. We struggled to find something interesting to order. We were starving so we stayed. We both ordered one of their specialty cocktails since they seemed unique. My BF drink was not mixed well, all the alcohol was on the bottom. The drink was served in a tall skinny glass which made stirring a bit difficult causing him to spill his drink. Our server was busy with other tables so we cleaned up the mess ourselves. When our server reappeared I told him what happened and asked for a fresh drink. He looked around at our clean table as if he didn't believe us! I had to explain that we had already cleaned it up and the food runner took away the garbage in his absence. He said he would talk to a manager and walked away. Although I was offended by his insinuation, I almost felt bad for him. I thought, what kind of clientele does he deal with that he would assume we were lying about a spilled drink. He did return with a fresh drink. Overall, our experience was average at best. With so many cool restaurants downtown I probably wont go back.
3	Went to Hanny's for the first time tonight with a group of Yelpers and was kind of disappointed. The place is very sleek, but our waitress seemed angry to have us in the bar....she was very cold and I don't think I saw her smile once....not awesome. I think a couple of the people there liked their drinks but they were incredibly strong, too strong for me. Anyway, based on the way we were treated alone I wouldn't come back and the place is so close to my house...too bad. PS the bathrooms are ok, but not as cool as people say they are.
3	why was everything around closed on a saturday night before 10?? Sleek place to grab a drink with some friends if you're looking for a lounge feel. The chairs that lean back were kind of annoying.  House music was chill, but they should turn the lights down if they want to make it a club. creepy mannikins downstairs. make-out chairs with mirrors upstairs.  I don't know, I'm still confused. Maybe it was the absinthe...which they DONT serve with a  cool fire presentation or anything. anticlimactic.
3	My first experience wasn't the best.  The server didn't seem to be very impressed with our group and the service wasn't what I would have expected from a place like this.That in mind it wasn't terrible.  I only had drinks but the food being served around me looked and smelled great.  I plan on coming back and giving it another chance in the near future. I'll update my review after I give the place another chance.
3	Went to this place after the event on Monday night and was not impressed. When we first walked in the staff looked at our group like it we were a fish out of water and was put out to seat us.  Our server was only pleasant enough but I felt like she ignored our table except when we asked for something specifically. I did not eat anything but tried their house martini.  A mistake I won't make twice.  I'm sure it was a fine martini but it definitely was not tasty to me.  The server did bring me some coke so that I could mix it and at least finish my drink. The most fun came in searching for the bathroom.  On the way they had an empty elevator shaft with a glass bottom so that you could step out on it and look down.  Kind of fun actually.  Once I made it upstairs it was not easy to find the bathroom that was located at the end of a hall of mirrors.  The doors have no outside handles so I walked past them initially as with the mirrors and the dancing figures painted on the doors it felt more like a dance studio then a bathroom.  After much fun searching we discovered that if you push the doors it opens into a bathroom.  Kind of a fun set up once your in the know.  The atmosphere to the place felt like high end high class dining.  I am not sure that I would want to return for drinks but maybe once to try the food.
4	We love Hanny's!Their desserts are amazing.  I want to try more but its so hard to stray away from the ones you are familiar with.  My boyfriend loves their pizza and I loved the pepperoni and sausage pizza.  So far we have only tried the chocolate crisp cake and the strawberry long cake but I always expect the long cake to sort of be like a short cake and the whole dessert is so cold so its kind of a shock to me every time I take that first bite.  My boyfriend loves the dirty martinis and the absinthe here.Oh also check out downstairs for something quite different and not normal.
5	Love this place ! Wonderful food and great staff ! I will be back !
5	Date night? Take me to Hanny's.  Girls' night? Let's meet at Hanny's. Celebrating... Anything?  Let's do it at Hanny's.  That sums up how much I love this place... Now let me tell you why.1. Wine. Delicious red wine.  I can't ever remember which red I got there the last time, so I usually end up switching between a few different ones that I enjoy.  Not only is their wine list satisfactory, the cocktails and beyond awesome too.2. The cauliflower appetizer.  I never thought I would want to go to a restaurant just to eat cauliflower, but Hanny's has changed that.  Try it.3. Hanny's has taught me to love beets.  Their beet salad is amazing.  Seriously.  If you are looking for a fresh, light meal- this is perfect.  Get it with goat cheese.4. The bathrooms.  So they are kind of creepy, but so fascinating. Am I alone in my thinking here?  Maybe ignore this part of the review because I have really only been to the bathrooms there after drinking the aforementioned wine.  Probably not a reason to go to Hanny's, but check them out if you're there.5. I have never had bad service.  Servers are at the least professional and efficient, and often times friendly and engaging. Everyone I have ever gone with has enjoyed their food and drinks.  Hopefully you will as well!
4	First of all I have a great mustache so you should trust my review.My friend Chip Waddell & I were half in the bag & looking for some grub.  We saw a faint sign that reminded us of Handeez, so like any fine liquored up gentlemen, we dove right in.  The bartender was really nice and complemented my fine mustache and I was like thanks bra.He also recommended the best goshdarn roast beef sandwich this mustache has ever had the pleasure to rub up against.  Unfortunatley my freind, Chip Waddell insisted on getting a sample of proscutto, but they were not having it because the leg cost $500.  Chip flipped his bit like, "good lord, I shoot dem hogs on my farm for free.". I was like word son.Bottom line good sandwidch, but manager cant handle his biddniss like a true boss.
4	The prosciutto incident...So me and my buddy dropped in here thinking we would have some cocktails and enjoy the vibe. Walk in and the DJ was spinning but this place is a restaurant. We sat at the bar and got a drink and ordered food.Good news: the roast beef and bacon sandwich was the best thing I have ever had. Legit. Say it again...legit.Bad news: the prosciutto incident. They have this prosciutto ham or whatever behind the bar on a pedastool. Totally showcased. Piqued our interest. Asked the bartender for a sample and he declined. We have him he business over it but to know avail. He then sent over the manager. Manager held the ground and wouldn't give us a sample. After some banter we conceded and went back to eating our sandwich.Bottom line....great roast beef sandwich. Bartender and manager are a bunch of jerk offs for not giving us any prosciutto. That's right...jerk offs!
5	Real cocktails--like, actual cocktails. Amazing sazeracs. Delicious, fresh, gourmet pizzas. Great, happy serve staff. Trippy bathrooms.
5	For a place to have happy hour and pretend you live in an actual metropolis, Hanny's will help get you there. Swank and fun.The food is decent overall, but I do love the carne pizza.
2	It is a mystery to me how this place stays in business. I have worked and played in downtown Phoenix for 20+ years; this metrosexual martini bar just isn't a fit. Maybe things change later at night - but it's been mostly empty on most day and evening occasions I've passed by. I even gave them a second try with a couple of co-workers, following up a larger group lunch weeks before ... so "shame on me," I suppose.Down to business: If you think an enjoyable business lunch or pre-/post-event dinner consists of pimply-faced, snotty/pretentious/arrogant servers, overpriced, underflavored, miniature entrees, a crowd of see-and-be-seen poseurs who apparently couldn't find their way to Scottsdale, and Salon-de-City-Morgue ambience, this may be your place - let your inner DB run free.  This place is located nearby four downtown hotels, and obviously caters to the traveler/tourist visitors (who may be accustomed to the customer-service sensibilities of the coasts and) who probably won't be back - they CAN'T be relying on repeat business.I was there ... it made a better men's store in its day.
4	I love this place! We had a night out on Saturday and made the rounds at a few downtown spots. This place was our last stop before we called it quits at 1:30 a.m.The food and drinks a great. Reasonably priced. The place has a lot of character too! The bathrooms are interesting, so is that elevator thing. Dolls? Creepy.Service is always good! I love that there is a place like this downtown.
5	What a wonderful place!  The atmosphere is great and the food is even better.  We dined here with some friends because of a recommendation of an out of town friend who just stumbled upon it while he was in town on business.  The service was top notch and again I cannot say enough positive things about the delicious food.  We will definitely be returning.
4	First time when I was here I really didn't like it, I guess because this place was new to all upscale look of downtown. Now I come here often with friends to grab a drink or food. Quality of food and drinks are really good, and good price. Don't be afraid to walk into Hannys this place will blow your mind
4	I've heard so much about this place, both on Yelp and from colleagues & clients.  So, I couldn't say no when a client setup a mid-afternoon meeting here.  It was a Friday around 2 pm and the place was dead when I arrived.  I think there were 2 tables of people and a couple sitting at the bar.  I saddled up to one of the high top tables near the bar.  When they arrived, we decided to order food:Cauliflower Calabrese, $7.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hannys-phoenix-2?select=AynlqEIqWzqroBIohHdBtQ#AynlqEIqWzqroBIohHdBtQPepperoni & Onion Pizza, $12http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hannys-phoenix-2?select=TfcOk88mLctj7An6P8Ujfg#TfcOk88mLctj7An6P8Ujfghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hannys-phoenix-2?select=5WP8r8BiTWxe41rLzqkN3w#5WP8r8BiTWxe41rLzqkN3wPanino (Prosciutto di Parma, Sopressata, Fontina Cheese, Arugula, Ciabatta Bread, Italian Vinaigrette), $10.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hannys-phoenix-2?select=Y1LbrCWk_0N8P3lKl-FGTA#Y1LbrCWk_0N8P3lKl-FGTAStrawberry Longcakehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hannys-phoenix-2?select=liJrOPp-ecTBfmXZeweMrA#liJrOPp-ecTBfmXZeweMrAThe Cauliflower Calabrese was very interesting....it was like a stir fry dish.  The Cauliflower was pretty good and flavorful...I like the texture of it.  The rest of it was *meh*.The Pepperoni Pizza was pretty good.  It's very thin and while the portion looks large, it's not too bad if 1 person had it as their entree.  We split it up.One of my clients had the Panino.  She said it was very good.We all tried the Strawberry Longcake...which is divine!  It's a Strawberry Cake fused with Ice Cream and Strawberries and topped with Strawberry Drizzle, fresh Strawberries, and Whipped Cream.  Wow, this surprised us and blew us away.  What a nice surprise!Overall, it's a pretty cool joint.  I hear they have DJ's on the weekend and it turns into a pretty cool spot.  We'll have to come back and try that sometime.Return Factor - 90%
5	The carne pizza is amazing and so are the 5 dollar martinis.
4	I love going to Hanny's. It's never too crowded to get a table, but it never feels completely deserted either. You walk in and it feels like an old warehouse that was totally redone. They have DJs come in on weekends. For how nice the place is, it is still pretty affordable.I've tried a few things on the menu and the carne pizza as well as the gorgonzola slaw are both incredible. I don't usually like all meat pizzas but the carne is the exception! Also, I usually get the Peartini. It's fairly sweet and deceptively strong. After a few of these, I'm ready to start my night!It's a fun place to take people from out of town as well and make them go on the Hanny's tour of the basement, the elevator, and the mirrors.
2	Neat building, average bar but the the dinner menu was extremely weak and then what was delivered was nearly inedible. Note: someone send the pizza was ok, i didn't try  If you are able to get service be prepared for it to be bad.
4	Hannys is on of the best downtown hangouts for drinks...I hear that they have some pretty good pizza but I haven't gotten around to try it...It is usually busy on Friday and Saturday nights... I do like to pop in for a minimum of 2-3 drinks...For some reason I always go to the small upstairs bar too, I always feel like it's a better experience, more personal... Also because I get to walk by the cool bathrooms... They used to be dressing rooms apparently because Hannys was an ex mens clothing store...It is always super dim in the evening, which is pretty nice...There is also a DJ that spins and his little space is in the East Wall...Once I stumbled downstairs to like... The basement and it was kinda scary... There is an odd little doll show of some sort down there... It legitimately looks straight out of a horror movie... I am a fan of Hannys and shall continue to return to the upstairs bar for margs and martinis... Ps the $5 dirty martini is hella potent
4	Love this place! From the neat building to the good food, and 1950s cocktails this place is a gem! Great place to go for a business dinner, date or a girls night. Gone on some nights when the Dj spins from above and have really enjoyed the ambience . My dinner there usually consists of the bar plate to start and a pizza and you can't go wrong with that. Plus do yourself a favor and order a cocktail. They always make an old fashion just right.
5	I walk out drunk and fed for less than $30. Then I go home and show my dick to all the naysayers and their mothers. Go fuck yourself. If you write yelp reviews religiously and don't know what soppresatta is then you need to choke on dick you ignorant pretentious whore.
2	I went to Hanny's on a Thursday evening for dinner.  They were really busy with events happening downtown.  It took the waitress 30 mins to return to our table to inform us the bar said they had no time to make our appetizer and she didn't know if we'd get it before our dinner.  Another 15 mins later, we finally got our app, followed shortly by dinner.  The people next to us got their app AFTER they finished dinner.  The service was awful, the food mediocre, and the cost over-priced.  I had high hopes, but was disappointed.
4	This place is so so cool. I went here with my friends after being disappointed by the other bars/clubs around and this is just where I needed to be. Yeah we were probably slightly past the level of drunk to appropriately be at this place when we stumbled upon it, but who cares. We walked in and it has the most amazing 60s-70s vibe, it's openly laid out (picture if the cosmetics section of macys was a restaurant, since it is a converted department store) and posh. The old elevator shaft is awesome, and so are the dressing rooms converted into bathrooms (which unfortunately were kind of gross, but it is a lounge/late night spot so I forgive).The dolls in the basement I don't understand but that's okay, it just added to my tipsy fascination with the place at the time.Anyway we had the prosciutto pizza which was good and prosecco, which was also good, but a tad expensive. Basically go here if you want to get your drink on and simultaneously feel like you are in a James Bond movie.
4	I love the ambiance of this place. The first time I came in, I felt like I was at some fancy bar in LA. They have an excellent selection of liquor and the drinks are always wonderful. I haven't tried the food. The thing I don't like is that it's very difficult to get the bartender's attention when trying to order a drink. One in particular is always rude on busy weekend nights. They also stop serving alcohol 30 minutes before bar close in Arizona, which was somewhat of an annoyance during my first visit. I had gone to the bathroom while my friends had all gone to the bar. I wasn't able to get a drink (after I had been standing there waiting to get a bartender's attention for a few minutes) because they had stopped serving. However, I noticed him then hand some other girl a beer...
4	I really enjoyed Hanny's.  I never paid attention to the place but now that I've been, I am a fan. It is spacious inside with various types of seating - you can be at a table, a booth, by the bar or at one of the multiple social areas scattered throughout the floor.  The place looks a bit like a converted theater with a DJ on the 2nd level where you can see him through an opening in the wall.  There is some cool art around the restaurant too. There is also an old shaft-looking corner with a glass floor that looks quite cool.  I loved the modern yet low-key relaxed vibe that attracts a diverse crowd.  The food and drinks did not disappoint.  I only had a veggie pizza with a glass of wine but both were delicious.  I definitely would like to come back to enjoy more Hanny's.  The only thing that is a pain for anything downtown is the parking, but otherwise it is a lovely lovely place!
4	A co-worker and I have been here for happy hour on a couple occasions now and we love it here. The drinks are decently priced for the amount of alcohol that goes into them (they are strong!) but the food menu is somewhat small, this is definitely more of a lounge-type place than a dinner place in my opinion. Not a bad thing at all, just know that this is the kind of place to do drinks and appetizers versus a full blown meal.My co-worker and I each got a pizza which was enough to fill us and leave some leftovers (which re-heated very well the next day, so I basically got two meals out of it). The best thing we ordered was the breakfast pizza, topped with bacon, sausage, feta cheese, and egg. It sounded different so I had to do it and I was so happy I did, whether it was the best food choice to pair with the Manhattans I was drinking is up for debate but I didn't care too much....then again you could say the same thing about the way I dress most days too, so perhaps I am just being consistent?I highly recommend this place for happy hour or perhaps a warm-up for a night out on the town.
5	I am very excited I get to write about Hanny's! We went to Hanny's before a concert at the US Airways arena. The location could not have been better. Upon entering the restaurant I was informed by my friend that this building used to house an old department store- very cool history and found out later VERY COOL RESTROOMS UPSTAIRS!!!!!!!!! Who doesn't love a cool restroom?! It was decorated beautifully with modern touches. They have a ton of tasty cocktails to choose from. I got some type of mojito or something which was out of this world. Then let's pause and take a minute to get prepared to read about their amazing flatbread pizzas! I ordered the Bianco (it was a tad spicy but other than that it was perfect). This flat bread was huge and definitely shareable. I had friends that got the Prosciutto Pizza and it was absolutely divine. I plan on getting that the next time I go back. Hanny's is a must if you live in or visiting Phoenix! I can't wait to go back!
5	Second time here so I thought a review is due! Fantastic ambiance! Dark enough to feel cozy & inspired to let go & enjoy!!!Phenomenal Drinks & strong if I may add, definitely worth the 11-14 price tagService was great!!! Will definitely be back!!
3	Roast Beef Sandwich.  Nice textures and excellent bread and onion straws.  Could have used a bit more moisty type contrast like a mayonnaisie creation.
4	This spot is nice. I love to come here for drinks with my boo when we patron downtown.  The Pomegranate Julep is to die for...mmmmm. I love my bourbon, and Hannys delivers. I love the music too. Friday night is my fav! The DR spins classic hip hop and I am transformed back to the 90's....my favorite era for music. Cool spot to hang with friends,  your main squeeze or anybody that you wanna have a good time with. Will definitely be back soon!
5	Hanny's does it right.Whether you're stopping in for an after work drink, or painting the town red, the drinks and vibe at Hanny's are sure to please.First and foremost, the bartenders are spot on. They're so cool and collective while shelling out cocktails. It's very enjoyable to watch the reserved professionalism. Ask for Wayne or Matt, you won't be disappointed.I love the music the DJ mixes on Friday and Saturday nights. Put me in a bar where they're mixing Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin with EDM and I'm a happy boy. It creates an atmosphere that makes me stay longer and enjoy one too many of their fantastic $5 martinis. In conclusion, Hanny's nails it on all aspects one wants in a bar--service, atmosphere, and drinks. Oh, and the restrooms are pretty sweet too.
4	Hanny's was a surprise visit while downtown to see an event at Comerica Theatre. I love it here! 1) There's a designated lot. Score! 2) There's ambience.3) The drinks are killer.4) The thin crust pizza is crispy and hit the spot.Having a known place to park your car is super nice downtown. We initially missed the entrance, but drove around the block to find it. Opening the doors to Hanny's was a glittering night time event. I was glad I was dressed up. Honestly. I'm sure you could feel comfortable in any type of outfit. To me tho, I will especially come here knowing I can pull on a fancy pants outfit.Moscow Mule: They know how to make a great one!Pizza: Holy Smokes!I have no idea what was ordered. But it was smoking good. Prosciutto was involved. My mouth watered. I'll have to carefully explore the menu to find that again.The thin crust is thin to almost a fault. Crispy. Wafer-ish. I prefer it. Definitely having it again!
3	It was okay.  We actually came here twice on my most trip to Phoenix.  It was a little "stuffy".  A lot of people that come here think they are really important people and I try to avoid places where important people congregate.  Also - the bathrooms - no bueno, and not just because they were dirty - it's like a trick door you have to knock twice while standing on one leg with a ball of tin foil just to get in.  They may think it's "hip" but as a patron, I just found it annoying.  We had food, it was okay.  We had drinks, they were okay.  The atmosphere was ... okay.  It was definitely very mediocre.
4	Went here for lunch today and liked it!Very contemporary, sleek restaurant/lounge. Loved their S-shaped chaise loungers as well as their marble(?) slab tables. Their customer service was very "on point" and my chopped salad w/steak was phenom! Steak was a sliver on the dry side, but well flavored. And, why oh why this restaurant doesn't have chicken is an utter enigma to me! LOLI'd love to come back for perhaps a dinner/drink. You have a new patron, Hanny's!
5	This place is very relaxing.Great place to get some drinks and chill out. It can be expensive but not bad compared to the quality of service. I love it that the kitchen is open late night. I end up spending a lot of money here :)
2	Dark...kind of creepyI am not sure what thy want to be...a bar? restaurant? creep museum? The food was very bland....sounds so good when you read it. Not so much when it is in your mouth. So many other choices downtown.
3	When I first walked into Hanny's, I loved the vibe. I loved the feel of the interior space. I also loved the hip, trendy feel. And at initial glance, the food and drink menus looked delish. The kind of place I could come and become a regular costumer. But . . . you can have all these elements and still make your costumer pause and think . . . Hmmm, there are so many restaurants in Phoenix . . . I want my regular place to be a happy place.Sooo even though Hanny's soooo cool in so many ways, this place is not a keeper for me.
2	Waitress wasn't friendly and didn't smile one time. I'm vegetarian and she said the salad I order had no meat, and it did. Maybe she needs a little more training!
3	Good food, good cocktails but no Happy Hour! I would definitely recommend Hanny's as a lunch spot for downtown workers, but not sure I would make a special trip to get there. They have a large space, so it's great for large parties, and the servers are attentive.  I ordered their Manhattan which was properly made and filled to the brim, so a nice "bang for your buck".  I also tried their pizza, which was pretty tasty as well.   Overall it was a good experience, but nothing so memorable, that I'm dying to go back.
2	Just a quick gripe, i usually love this place, but i went in after volunteering at a nearby church (pat on the back) only to have my night ruined by a server who instead of bringing me my pizza, brought me a sandwich, then told me it was my fault, and did not talk to us for the rest of the night.  Me returning is dependent on if i hear back from management or not.
3	Good drink selection and the meat slicer behind the bar is unique. $5 martinis all day, but no happy hour. I have found service to be mostly good during my visits, although the bartenders are also making drinks and slicing meat for the servers, so don't expect speedy service when the place fills up as they will take care of the servers first and ignore the folks at the bar. Food's ok, but I'd stick to the prosciutto.
5	Hip spot! I love this place. $5 martini's. yes. Gluten free pizza. A DJ putting out solid vibes. I am game. I really enjoy this place very time I go. I have nothing bad to say. I always have received solid service every time I have patronized Hanny's.
2	Great atmosphere and location.  We have been excited to try Hanny's because of it's association with one of our very favorite places, AZ88.  Unfortunately, the menu at Hanny's was a big disappointment.  We opted for the pizza and the roast beef/fried egg sandwich because our server told us they were two of the most popular items on the menu.  The sandwich had zero appeal except for the bread... the roast beef was thickly cut, fatty and oily with no flavor, the fried egg was also oily and dominated the sandwich and with the bacon and arugula... just all very strange and not appealing on any level.  The margarita pizza was ok.  We were starving, so it tasted fine but I'd never come back to get it again.  The Gorgonzola slaw was very good, but I'd trade the pile of shoestring onion rings for AZ88 waffle fries any day.  The martinis were good, but like other items on the menu, expensive for their size and not very appealing.  Loved the vibe, loved the service, loved the music.... would love to come back if we could find a good main dish item to come back for.
4	Great pizza (prosciutto), cool environment. Ate with family before Suns game. Highly recommend.
3	Hanny's appears to have everything going for it: nice historic building downtown, the coolest bathrooms in all of Phoenix, elevator shafts with glass floors, and a bizarre attraction in the basement. I admit that the place is very hip and will be guaranteed to impress a date. Unfortunately the food has never managed to be good enough to justify the price, and the bar service is slow even on emptier nights. There is also no happy hour.
5	Absolutely beautiful swanky bar, with a very classy but laid back vibe.  It was a department store, beautifully restored.  Delicious drinks, great food, great atmosphere, lovely service every time, and generally a relaxed vibe (not at all snooty) .  This is one of my favorite bars ever.Try a Moscow Mule (they have the copper mugs), or any of their other sophisticated cocktails.  The Asparagus with Egg is outstanding, but the margherita pizza is also tasty, is you're not feeling adventurous.PS The building has had a colorful history (check out the History link on their website).
5	Great, gorgeous bar with plenty of room and great service. They're $5 martinis and the upscale atmosphere make Hanny's hard to beat. It's a perfect place to sit back and enjoy drinks with friends. Because of the ample space, it's also a great place for groups.
4	Great atmosphere. Love the pizza and you must go to the basement... that is all!
1	What a disappointment this place is!! I wanted my significant other to see about this place as it reminded me of the bars in Manhattan. They stopped serving at 1 o'clock although it says 130 on their menu and online. When we asked why the bartender responded 'talk to the management'. We went to another bar nearby and it was a blast.
5	Stumbled along this place after the Miley Cyrus concert was looking for late-night food it was an amazing atmosphere great lounge  type place and anybody that stays open till 1 AM gets five stars for me
5	Hanny's is great.  The drink menu is the best drink menu in the state and the bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly.  I've only had a few things to eat here so this review is pretty much one of the bar.
4	Any of their pizzas are wonderful, also loved the bar plate. The ambiance it nice, the bathrooms are a trip... The service is not great but hopefully they will improve over time. Hopefully. I would go back for the food alone.
5	AMAZING!  Love their $5 martinis every night. The rocket salad and the proud Italian(sundays only) are my favorite!!
2	We've been to Hanny's a dozen times before.  It's been our go-to place when we're going to the theater or symphony.  Normally, the service is great, the food is outstanding and the bar is the best around.Unfortunately, our experience this past Saturday really disappointed.  As always, the food and drink was excellent, but the experience was unbelievably marred by loud booming music and indifferent service.Now, I know that Hanny's has a DJ and loud music ... but we were in the restaurant at 5:45 PM, not midnight.  I asked the server if the bass could be turned down - something I've NEVER done at a restaurant before.  The answer we received:  "I'm pretty sure they won't turn it down and I'm not even sure they can".  Hmmm ....  The music changed and the distracting boom of the bass subsided for a few minutes, but another track and more annoyance.  Our server didn't seem to want to be bothered to even ask.Sadly, I guess we won't be bothered to return.
5	Oh Hannys. My favorite drinks are the Saint Germaine and their dirty vodka martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives. They make me dance with excitement. You can't go wrong with any drink you order or any food item on the menu. This places delivers.
2	-our waitress was nice, but the other people barely even glanced at us. -nice, but we rarely saw her. it took like 20 minutes to get the check/back/change-ridiculously slow service/food arrival. two pizzas was about a two hour ordeal.-food: okay. prosciutto pizza was whatever. carne was slightly better but nothing good.-extremely..."interesting" decorations. don't bring your kids here. but of course, it's kind of a bar anyway...-that said, the decor is decent. music is probably itunes'd - you can see a macbook on the second floorHOW did the night take so freaking long!
2	Although Hanny's is very lovely inside if you like modern and sleek, I think the service definitely leaves something to be desired.  It started with our drink orders... The waiter essentially refused to serve me three of my drink choices, saying they would be "too strong" for me.  Maybe they didn't feel like making them that night?  I finally was allowed to order a champagne cocktail.  My colleague ordered the Moscow Mule, and they held her credit card in exchange for he copper cup... Which was fine until we had to track it down at the end of the night and the waiter totally forgot he even had it.The food choices were limited, so I went with the small snack plate with some meats and cheeses.  A few people at the table had the pork scallopini and didn't particularly like it, saying the sauce was awful.  The bruschetta was also laced with black and green olives which was unexpected.Overall, service was slow and disinterested, and the food was nothing to write home about.  I'd rather check out Phoenix's other downtown bars before returning here.
5	Perfect spot for pre concert/theater food and drink. Great vibe in this former department store space. Had cocktails a wonderful cauliflower appetizer and a super thin crust pizza. I will be back!!Get some !!
2	I used to like this place, but it kind of lost its zest. Popped in and immediately the bartender greeted me, but it was a weird greeting along the lines of,"why are you here?". The menu really doesn't have many options if you want to eat light, and half the staff was just hanging out at the bar, nothing makes me want to spend $24 on 2 drinks less than more employees at the bar then customers. Guess I fell out of like.
1	Very rude..... Will never drop a dime in there again.  The manager lacks the ability to be a manager.....maybe he should work in fast food!
5	Based strictly on drinks and atmosphere, I love this place!! If you're looking for something different, make it a point to stop here! I bartend in downtown Phoenix, and whenever customers ask me what other places to check out, Hanny's is always at the top of my list! They have a great mixology program, and the bartenders know their stuff. I haven't had a chance to try their food, but I hear that it's quite good. Don't forget to check out the basement, the elevator, and the upstairs!
4	Hanny's is a cool spot downtown. It's right across from US Airways center, making it a great place to go either before or after you catch a game/show (aka get your drinks cheaper!) They are know for their $5 martini. Yeah, it's $5 and it DOESN'T SUCK!! I got it clean, because some places, getting it dirty is just disgusting. It was ice cold, went down smooth, and did the job well. I've also tried a few of their champagne cocktails, because I am a classy broad. The French 75 is very delicious and for a few $$ more, the Celebration is tre chic. Their Old Fashioned is pretty damn good too and strong. I think I will slowly work my way through their other cocktails, starting with their Moscow Mule (yes, they come with the copper cup).Food wise, I usually go with a small snack platter to balance out my cocktail intake. It's good for 2 people max and comes with a variety of salty meats, cheeses, olives, and nuts. I've also had the milanesa which was really good and big enough to share! Some day when I am feeling extra fancy (aka make a date take me here), I'll try some real entrees. Dress code wise, it's all over the map. You'll see people dressed up like they've come from the opera, others like they rolled out bed, and some like they are waiting for their pimp. It's a scene, that's for sure. As for ambiance, the restrooms are trippy. There's no guys/girls, it's a big cluster *bleep* and you kind of feel like you're in a fun house. Also, check out the old elevator shaft. And also, ask to go downstairs. But don't blame me if you're scarred for life. For now, Hanny's is my "Hey, let's be semi-classy, get real-people drinks, and act like adults, but for cheaper!" place.
4	We had a great experience at Hanny's!  The food was excellent and service was very good. The exception was our waiter failed to pour wine after he delivered the bottle. Great pizza, better than a 3 rating!
3	Good use of an old space. I was informed by our server that this was a department store from the 1940"s until the mid 1980's, and then used for the next 20 years as a training facility for the Phoenix Fire Department. After that, it became Hanny's.We started with a Gray Goose Cosmo and a Stella. Both were on point.We shared a snack plate. Good stuff.If you expect a New York style Margherita pizza, don't hold you breath. We got an oblong shaped thin crust pie that struck me as a standard pie (aside from the shape) that you could get in any New York pizzeria. Good, as in edible, but not great.Finished of with a Tiramisu. Now this was good stuff......
5	This place never disappoints.  My boyfriend and I always sit at the bar and we like the service we receive from Miles.  We always go on Sunday nights when they have the best specials and very good prices.  The manager,Wayne helped us as well, and the service couldn't have been better.  I think this is one of the best places to eat in downtown Phoenix.
3	Interesting little lounge with crazy strong drinks. The music was really awful and the bathrooms were exactly like the ones on airplanes but a bit larger.  I think plain martinis are only $5 all day so if you're a fan it might be the spot for you.
5	Prosciutto e mela pizza was delicious! Danielle was are server...super friendly.
2	I understand most people like strong drinks but I like my drinks normal and I had to return my martini and get wine... It tasted like robitussin and rubbing alcohol. I've bad a better steak at outback and it only fake with... Literally.... Four potatoes. The bruschetta tastes like I'm drinking olive juice. & well... It just wasn't my favorite place.
4	The atmosphere seems pretty rocking and everyone inside was looking sweet! I saw many drinks that looked super delicious as well. Good vibe, I must say.The decor and construction of the place and the furniture makes the place unique. I went to the bathroom and was very confused at first because the doors blended into the wall. And there were some awesome mirrors on the second floor with great lighting. I took pictures of myself. Haha.But yeah, 4 minute walk from the light rail and pretty cool posh place to hang out on a Friday night. I say worth it!
5	Superb ambiance! Great cocktails. Fab Pizza
5	Bar tender was very friendly.  All the drinks were skillfully crafted.  The environment is laid back and lounge like. Did not eat, but the food I saw brought out looked delicious. Live DJ Thursday - Saturday.
5	When I'm in downtown Phoenix, I frequently visit this spot and sit at the martini bar. Everything from their classic cocktails to their outstanding food, the bartenders also cut and prepare fresh meat and cheese platters right in front of you. On weekends, DJ up-top will spin classic hiphop music..just enough to set the vibe for good conversation and bumping your head but not loud enough where it's a club.
4	This was a really cool bar!  Came here with a bunch of co workers during a work trip.  Drinks we're really stiff and a cool vibe throughout the bar/restaurant.  But what's up with the creepy dolls in the basement???
3	Ambience is good for a large group. Food is okay - I have had better pizza at other places. Sauce was kind of sweet. Place is known for drinks. Had the la fin de monde - tasty! Go here if you wanna chill and have a nice time in downtown phoenix!
1	I hate to give this spot such a low review. I have been here many times before and the service is always spectacular. However on this trip I have to say the waitress was awful. She took her time getting to us bringing drinks to several different tables who had noticeable ordered after we had. I then let another member of the wait staff know that I would be back shortly to show my friend around the bar and give a nice historic tour. Our waitress then felt the need to come track me down to demand that I pay my tab. At this point I had enough of her rude behavior and just paid and left! I can honestly say I have never received such terrible service before. And from such a nice upscale bar none the less. I love this place but I must say it will be a while before I even want to think about coming back here. I am very extremely disappointed in Hanny's tonight!
5	Hanny's is a treasure in downtown Phoenix. Within walking distance of many theaters, art and entertainment venues popping into Hanny's is always there for you.Holding my $5 martini. At all hours of the day.I'm updating my review to applaud Danielle our server from the other night. A bunch of friends and I were on the prowl for a place to hang out. (Hanny's is right around the corner from CityScape, where we had caught a great StandUp Live comedy show.) Seated immediately Danielle was quick to take our orders and return with drinks. Her witty and cheery banter was quite the surprise. Why? She's preggers! When you stop in to visit you too can be greeted by smiles. Hanny's is a place that loves you no matter what. In the mood to eat? Flat breads and snacky food is divine. Worried about parking? They have a lot. Planning to indulge in a deluge of five dollar martinis? They're right off the light rail!The ambiance is very chill here. Dress up or not, you'll fit right in.The bar is a wonderful place to people watch. Groups are welcome and there is plenty of seating. Be sure to reserve time to tour the restaurant. The elevator shaft, bathrooms and basement are Instagram heaven. (No, you won't be murdered. Just go!)Anyhoo, thank you Hanny's for the good times!
3	Food was okay, drinks were good, DJ played unusual mix which I appreciated but there is nowhere to dance and the crowd/ambience is relaxed so it was an odd combination.  I might return, but it is not a favorite.
4	Slow service overlooked with the delicious paper-thin pizzas and yummy apps like Gorgonzola slaw and spicy cauliflower
5	I really like this place. There are 1 million bathrooms to choose from. It used to be a department store...The dressing rooms are now all bathrooms. There is a huge mirror that captivates you until your friends come looking for you.The cocktails are pretty and strong but perfectly proportioned so you don't realize it. There is black light and a DJ in a square cutout in the wall spinning tracks.Maan... looking back, I've had a lot of fun here.Mostly with people I know....But one time I went on a first date here.I drank 4 cocktails--2 mojitos and 2 moscow mules. By the time we left, my legs had turned to wobbly noodles as it was described to me the following day. The date said he was on his best behavior because he thought he was being tested.. "Because no one could get that drunk off of that."I wasn't testing though, I don't even remember that happening. I do remember the drinks tasting delicious!I lost my favorite sweater there though, bummed about that.
1	Horrible!! Ordered a french 75 and it tasted of soured lemons, then tried a classic martini ,dirty, and it was pure olive juice nothing else! Really gross, very bad we stumbled into this place because of all the stars it has, at least the cocktails were kind of cheap.
5	I lived in downtown Phoenix for four years and went here at least once a week during that stretch. Without question, they have one of the best thin-crust pizzas you'll ever experience. For me, it is the best there is (as in #1), and I haven't found anything that comes close. Pizza aside, everything on the menu is fantastic.The ambiance of the place is solid for a date, an evening with friends, but maybe not a spot to go with family unless it's before 8pm on a weekday. Finally, the servers, collectively, are among the best in the downtown area. Busy or not, you'll be taken care of. After I defended my dissertation, I stopped in with friends to celebrate, and even though it was packed they managed to respond to a phone-call request from my out-of-state girlfriend who wanted to buy me a celebratory drink. Great people.
4	Great late night place to eat. Drinks here are great, endless options. If your looking for a place to bring your friends or guest downtown this is the place to go.
5	Stopped in for dinner, walked over from Sheraton Downtown.  The place was beautiful, service was fantastic, food fresh, and very reasonably priced.  I love the origin and how unique the place is, did not disappoint.  Check out the bathrooms upstairs. We ordered appetizers, pizzas, salads, and drinks.... all were excellent!! Would highly recommend.
5	**Warning****Warning****Warning**This review is NSFW (Not Safe For Work). You might just end up reading it, calling in sick, *cough*, *cough*, catching a ride (cab, light rail, uber, lyft, friend, bicycle, skateboard, roller skates, shoes, or slippers) and spending your day at Hanny's instead.Hanny's has a special place in my heart. Oh, Hanny's. You're close enough to my house to be an easy light rail destination, and just far enough for me to stay away most of the time. "Dangerous curves ahead" doesn't even begin to cover the tepidness one should take while ordering your $5 martini's, especially when you order them on the rocks, in a tumbler glass, and a couple of limes to dress it up instead. Your $5 martini special is always special and that's just why I like you, you make every hour happy and not just the hours between 3pm and 6pm ;-)The one complaint I hear from most people and many reviews is that at Hanny's, there's no Happy Hour, I think you just have to know to order their $5 martinis. I generally consider happy hours to be happy only when they come coupled with a decent drink selection AND food selection, but those martini's, they make up for it.Happy Yelping Phoenix, set your limit at two, possibly even one, be sure you've got a DD and have the happiest of hours.
5	I have been coming to this place since it opened....  It is downtown cool, with a simple, tasty menu, and reasonably priced cocktails... My favorite meal is to split a pizza and a BLT supremo with a friend.  Also the asparagus with an egg is interesting and good.  When you visit, be sure to stand in the elevator shaft, and use the bathroom, yes the bathrooms are cool!Cheers,David
3	I like the baby faced butt mannequin.
4	First time at Hanny's.  Cool vibe, great cocktails and the food we had was very good.  Prosciutto pizza and the pork entree both well prepared and fresh. Menu is somewhat limited - expected more entrees.  Menu primarily pizza, salads and sandwiches.  But if it's all as good as our dinner, it's enough.   We'll be back.
1	Jesse the server should be fired...what a joke.  There was a miscommunication about the number of pizzas ordered. We ordered 2 he delivered 3 and when we politely told him this he freaked out. First he said he doesn't make money off of pizza he makes it off of drinks. #1 I don't actually care about how you make your money. #2 the customer is always right...ALWAYS He then proceeded to the host table and twisted the story.. We watched him complain... About us!  Jesse had a real lack for tact. When he brought us our check he then told us he couldn't split the bill because there were cops outside...OK? Jesse this is 2014 and a ridiculous excuse.. You can split a check.. Why? Because that's your job.. You're the server.. I repeat you are the server.. Do I need to say it again ? Do your job and treat people with respect. Mistakes happen.. Also- you do not deserve the gratuity you added on for yourself... Because you know you would have gotten $1. Actually we still would have tipped you because we are a proper group of women. If you were concerned about the cops outside why didn't you card us? Thank you for thinking us to be so young however we celebrated a 30th and 45th birthday. You need a class on respect and your management needs to have a word with you.
4	I was told to come here by a work colleague.. and was not disappointed. This place is classy, but without being intimidating or overly pricey. I like to think about it as a local version of the chain restaurant Joeys (but without being pretentious). My husband and I ordered the cauliflower and a pizza (half bianco, half prosciutto). The food was so tasty! It tasted very fresh and full of flavor. We even had to order desert. Our server let us know that they make everything in house except for the Chocolate Crisp Cake. We had the Tiramisu, which was to die for. Tip: The pizza is VERY thin.. more like flat bread, but it was still amazing. Our server said that one person can eat a whole pizza if it doesn't have meat on it. So plan accordingly. The ambiance of the place is very cool. Our server let us know that the restaurant used to be a department store, and then after it was abandoned it was used by the local fire department as a test building. It was pretty cool to walk around the restaurant and see the history. Make sure you check out the bathrooms on the second floor and the basement for a surprise art exhibit! (Our server wouldn't tell us what it was.. so just check it out for yourselves like we did. :p ) One thing that Hanny's is lacking is draft beer as well as soda on tap. I haven't been to many restaurants that don't have this, and as a fan of draft beer, I was a little disappointed. I understand that Hanny's bar focus is their cocktails though. Also they do not have a happy hour (but they do have their $5 martinis which they seem to be famous for).
5	Whenever I come to PHX, I come to Hannys. I love this place. I love the DJs and the champagne cocktails.and did I mention I love the music here???
4	I was desperate to hide from the sweltering Phoenix heat, looking for somewhere to eat at 8 pm on a Tuesday evening. In a normal downtown area that would be an easy task but of course, NOT in Phoenix! T hen I came across Hanny's. An old deptartment store that has been transformed into a hip and modern eatery with fantastic food. The beat salad was amazing! Really impressed with Hanny's.
4	Went here for date night with the man. He had been here before and said the pizza was really good since that is what I was craving. I got just a basic pepperoni and it was AMAZING. It wasn't super heavy and didn't upset my sensitive stomach. I felt satisfied and not the least bit bloated, even after eating more than I usually do. The place and staff was a little off, but I will definitely go back for the pizza!
4	First, let me say that I highly recommend the "under the sheet" cocktail! I have been here a couple times and have been very pleased each time. Bianco pizza with added mushrooms is wonderful. The carne pizza is very good. Standard BLT on ciabatta was simply delightful!
5	Downtown Phoenix chic modern spot- The best spacious upscale cocktail spot in the neighborhood!This is our go to spot for late drinks with friends.  After the dbacks or a concert, and you want to continue the excitement- stop here and get a booth.This two story vintage phoenix treasure has a dark modern atmosphere with zinnias on the table.Unique bathrooms always please- hidden doors on the second level hide unisex hospital bathrooms.  Creepy chic for sure.The have classic spirit forward cocktails, usually I opt for anything with Chambord, St Germaine or sparkling wine/ champagne.  I alternate between billinis, and the Riesling royal.I love the bar plate/ snack plate with salty morsels such as pistachios, prosciutto, salami, Parmesan, olives, and melon (bar plate only).The prosciutto is by far the best pizza- thin yummy crust makes it guilt free.Finally the service here has usually been great.  Really appreciate the guy with dark glasses as a standard Hannys host.  I don't think I've ever seen a girl working here.Also, we enjoy the key lime pie- homemade classics with whipped cream always feel homey and casual as dessert.  The tiramisu is a must have here- elegant and true to the italian Hannys flair.
4	A big city feel.Wide open look with a lot of glass. High ceilings with a good use of mirrors. Came with a group of six and was greeted quickly and given a choice of settings. The waitress was fantastic, patient and professional. The menu seems small in comparison to other Italian food restaurants. I liked it though, they do what they know very well. The thin crusty pizzas were all uniquely different and delicious. There was one sandwich ordered and is looked well put together. They have daily specials that are different and off the menu. Things to see when you stretch your legs, the elevator shaft, the bathrooms up stairs and the basement downstairs on the way out...creepy cool.This used to be a men's clothing store turned restaurant, good job.Oh, the dude shack'n the drinks... nice martini, perfect. Last words... relax, enjoy and savor the moment.
3	Kind of bummed now. I have been to Hanny's many times and always had a pleasant experience. I have always enjoyed what I have ordered almost always seem to order the same things. This time, however, not so much. Actually, based on this visit, I am not sure we will drive across town just to have dinner here. I have always enjoyed the look of Hanny's, I think it's really well done and I enjoy the vibe and energy. I don't think the service has ever stood out to me, and this time - yeah, definitely not. We had to wait awhile for a host to seat us, a busser bumped into me carrying a tub of glassware and didn't even pardon himself, and our server was alright but the service was rather basic and impersonal.Drinks - I always order an Old Fashioned here (my favorite cocktail) and I remembered they were good. I don't know if they changed them or the bartender rushed and didn't taste his creation - but that was awful. I am not one to typically send a drink back unless it is completely disgusting - it wasn't, just not that enjoyable. It tasted like bitter whiskey soda. Too much bitters, not enough syrup, and I would recommend they use Amarena cherries like most other bars are doing now, not cheap Maraschinos that they muddled in my glass with the stems on. Cmon! My boyfriend ordered the Huckleberry Lemonade - what a sugar rush! I don't know how people can drink that, but hey, to each their own. It tasted like something a 21-year old would order at Applebee's. I would think Hanny's would update to keep up with the trendy places around town, get some craft-cocktails, etc. Food - I always order the Asparagus & Egg - ehh - the asparagus was overcooked and yellowish. Disappointed. This is something I recommended we order for my boyfriend to try for the first time as it was my favorite starter. I also typically order the Carne pizza and the Prosciutto pizza. One thing I will say, their crust is just to my liking - mwah! I love a good thin and crispy crust. The Carne is a bit greasy - cheese, ground beef, pepperoni - but the crust saves it being crisp and a little dry to soak up the extra wetness. The Prosciutto was ok except for the arugula - it was not fresh, a bit dry and rubbery like it had sit out for awhile. All in all, I still like Hanny's. I think the place is cool, the atmosphere is fun, the prices are good, the food is good. It is...good. Not great. I don't know if I will still refer to it as one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix anymore, but if I am ever downtown and want Pizza and a drink, I may stop in again.
5	Hannys is SUCH a great bar for so many reasons. It's an old men's department store-and I can only imagine what is was like back in the day... it has a very classy and trendy atmosphere. There are some creepy things that you should seek out while you are there... go downstairs and checkout the old glass floor elevator... oh and good luck getting lost finding the bathroom... (you'll be okay with being lost). The food is great! Salads are huuuuge portions. The prosciutto pizza is my absolute favorite! The snack plate is great, and the onion strings are also a huge portion that can be shared by a table. Love all the drinks I've had here as well... champagne Bellini and French 75 are my favs :):) they serve food til 1, drinks til 1:30 and  at midnight they serve delish lil martinis..!!
1	I have to say my experience Saturday night September 13, 2014 was very unpleasant and disappointing.I dine out very frequently and I chose to bring my party of 20 (even after calling and confirming they do not take reservations) to Hanny's because of the atmosphere, music and Pizza.However, after arriving with half of our party (10) we were informed we must wait in the sitting area in front of the windows, which was ridiculous because, as I looked around the place was very light in patrons, there were plenty of seating for more than 20 in multiple sections.I asked one of the managers when he approached the hosting area, why we had to wait and he said that "there wasn't enough seating at this time for our party" which was obviously a blatant lie right in front of my face. I didn't want to be confrontational and challenge his ignorant statement, since my party was all behind me so I/ we obliged and went along with this ridiculous statement.I'd figure we order some drinks, relax and see it the other party would show up, so we could just all sit together at once.After our 'waiter' (which seemed more like a bus boy) came and took our order of drinks we waited for approximately 40 minutes with nobody in the restaurant leaving only more patrons coming in and being seated.I went and walked around a couple of times and the manager saw what I was doing and when he saw this we were then informed "they were now ready for our party". I was so furious at this point but, I still kept my mouth shut.The manager was a complete A-hole to say the least about how he handled this scenario.Throughout the night as the manager would walk by our table, I could hear him cursing out loud, very unprofessional to say the least. It seemed that every time an associate reported something to him this is how he responded.I witnessed as patrons would walk in and out for smoke breaks (I'm a non-smoker) out the North side doors they would then re-enter in from the same side doors he would visibly get angry, upset and start cursing closing the doors as if he was an angry father trying to tell his kids to keep the doors closed because, you are letting the cold air conditioning out of the house.I later realized there was a sign that reads on those side doors to "please enter from front of the restaurant, the East" however, this gives this douche bag no rhyme or reason to conduct himself in this unprofessional, disrespectful manner. Customer are paying money to be there in this establishment, smokers or nonsmokers customers should be able to come in or out of whatever door they so choose.If it wasn't for these customers his dumb ass wouldn't even be working there.This was a huge buzz kill for me and I was embarrassed for him to say the least.If the owner of this establishment cared enough about how his 'management staff' treated customers, I believe he would say "get the hell outta here and don't ever come back, how dare you treat our customer this way".I still chose to stay and spent well over  $800.00 on drinks and food for my party only because, I didn't want to inconvenience them and relocate, which I very easily could've done but, I wanted my friends and family to enjoy themselves.Will I ever bring my friends or family back there again, as long as that manger is there NEVER EVER AGAIN WILL I STEP FOOT IN THAT BUILDING NOR WILL I EVER REFER ANYONE THERE AGAIN EVER!If you go there and this A-hole Manager is there Good luck!He might even be entertaining for you if you like looking at angry A-Holes who curse out loud.And the bathrooms smell, that is where this so called 'manager' belongs!
1	I've never really been a fan of Hanny's. I tried. I wanted to be. Every time I've walked in the door I've felt extreme discomfort. There is a vein of pretentiousness that feels like it's suffocating me. The food and drinks are good though. That's 3.5 stars.Hanny's cut own beautiful shade trees that they claimed were damaged in a storm. There is no proof of this. Experts and organizations had checked on the trees and determined they were not damaged. Hanny's has previously asked the city to remove the trees and were denied. Something doesn't sit right about their story.I will not be visiting Hanny's and will emphatically discourage others until new shade trees are replanted. And no, the weed-like plants Hanny's has put in is not good enough. Get it together and get new trees.
3	Not that great of food. Limited wine selection. Not a kid friendly place yet I have kids around me. Would not visit again.
1	I am extremely disappointed that Hanny's  decided to cut down the mature shade trees outside of their restaurant.  They took years to grow and were part of the growing sustainability and pedestrian-friendly aspect of the downtown community. Unless the trees are replaced I will no longer be patronizing this business and will discourage my friends to as well.Shame.To read more about this :http://downtowndevil.com/2014/09/24/61096/hannys-shade-trees-cut-response/
2	Used to be a big fan until they cut down taxpayer trees. Food and drinks still good, but respect is out the window.  I wish them well, but lost my business. #phxfail
5	Its hard not to love this place. Unique building and good food. And the drinks are what keeps you coming back!
4	Hanny's has an awesomely trendy yet creepy vibe. It used to be an old department store in the 40s. Definitely worth visiting for the atmosphere and eerie doll art exhibit in the basement. I give them 4 stars because it's unexpected and unlike any other place in Phx. On the down side the food is sub par. The past two times I've been here, I've had Moscow mules. Both nights I got extremely sick after. I suspect they aren't using ginger beer and are substituting with something cheap like Smirnoff Ice. Bummer dood.
5	Went to dinner Monday night with my wife.  We were seated immediately, our waiter was very attentive and knowledgable. My wife and I thought it was a little odd that there was no chicken on the menu, but they did have a good selection of salads and beef. We ended up getting an arugula salad with beef (was rib eye steak). Meat was cooked to perfection, has great flavor and great portions.  Had the chocolate mousse for desert, was awesome.  Overall our experience was great, food, service, ombiance, drinks. Convenient to our hotel.
4	Great spot for after hours drinks and bathrooms are awesome. Pizza is great and salads are good. Seating is okay could be better but very cool downtown spot.
5	Almost smack dowm center of downtown phoenix, hannys a unique upscale bar/restaurant. Walking  into this place and you got this young hip vibe u cant find anywhere  in downtown  phoenix. The staff is amazing the  bar can get pack  pretty  quick but it does not hurt to get a table. The menu  is pack with  great option. As for me, the pizza i order was not only taste but lool quite unique. Have never seen a thin pizza  like this. Next time im down here ill for sure br stoping by again l.
3	Great atomsphere and good pizza. However this isi not a place for kids also they are very reasonalbly priced
5	I've always loved Hanny's and I'm going to go more often now because they cut down those trees. Screw those trees; I hope they launch a tree cutting service as a side business. We can all stand around the wood chipper toasting with our Moscow Mules. Hanny's forever!
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant in PHX. Best Place for a date, birthday dinner, catching up with old friends, you name it! It is pricey but its worth it! My usual night here consists of either moscow mules or mojitos and a margarita pizza and a beet salad. The salad is phenomenal! Oh and the onion strings are way way good! I have never actually ordered anything I didn't like here.
5	This place is slick.  Feels like PHX finally has a grown-up big city place to be proud of.  Unique space, quick, easy, convenient location, great cocktails ($5 martinis), good food (Bianco Pizza), late mid-century architecture, freindly staff, obviously I like it.  Check it out.
5	Very nice. Had the prosciutto pizza at the recommendation of Katie behind the bar. Phenomenal!  Great staff, great food, within walking distance of everything. Oh, and a great Manhattan!  Thanks, Katie.
4	Went here with friend and boy am I glad we chose this place! The decor is awesome. Food is exceptional and the DJ plays great music that is not overpowering. I will definitely back. This place is great for any occasion.
2	I visited Hanny's during the ufc fights. I'm from indy and my brother-in-law was fighting.The food was ok and the service was awful. I've traveled everywhere in the U.S. and been to many places similar in looks to Hanny's. It would've been ok if the waitress... Talked... She didn't even say 5 words to my girlfriend and I. Looked at us, took our order, someone else dropped off our food then we had to get a manager to help us get our check because she disappeared.. Shen then returned a 1/2 hour later dropped off the bill and didn't say two words to us..Just odd...But it was a cool atmosphere though. The bar looked awesome. Don't expect great service though. If great food is what you're looking for, check out Kincaids. It was great - went there twice in the 4 days I was in Phoenix.
3	Looking for an upscale sexy pizza place with a DJ spinning some music for your date tonight? This is the place. The pizza is yummy and the atmosphere is great. DJ yes dancing No. Disclaimer: I don't recommend this place for large groups especially if you are super hungry.
5	Hanny's you are speaking my language! Love the vibe here - great service on a low-key Friday afternoon during the holidays. I imagine it gets pretty busy as the day wears on. Service is phenomenal and the cocktail menu scores very highly on my hit list. Our party enjoyed sturdy old-fashioned cocktails with loads of bourbon, a lemonade mixer (sweet and easy) and a couple of beers. The snacks are delightful, and the in-house desserts were excellent. Not a fan of key-lime pie but Hanny's, you've won me over with your version and your tiramisu is scrumptious. Flatbreads were very decent and the prosciutto sampler - divine. Be sure to check out the bathrooms upstairs in the old dressing rooms and the little room downstairs too. Love this place and I'll be back!!
