5	Yard House Red Rock is finally here!All the things we were waiting for....awesome food.incredible beer selection.sports tv's everywhere.awesome outside patio.fun music.great staffIf you've been rock'in the Yard House @ Town Square and hoping for something closer... here it is... Yard House Red Rock.I think I'll crack it open with the NBA finals.  Enjoy Las Vegas!PS - the Tuna sandwich and the Mac'n Cheese are must haves.
5	Took the family there opening night and had some grub and beers. Can't really say much about the beers, but I will say there were some highlights.The sliders were awesome, and they played decent skate/surf videos most of the time I was there. I couldn't really ask for much more!
5	I LOVED this location! It wasn't as busy as the other Yard House, in Town Square, but that's probably due to the fact that I went the second day that they opened but they were still pretty busy, considering. I'm almost positive that they'll have a 1-2 hour wait VERY soon... We parked outside, not in the parking garage so we were able to walk up to the front of the restaurant from the outside. The beautiful fountain/endless waterfall thing is there, it's real nice! Inside was real nice as well but I wasn't able to walk over to the other entrance from the inside of the hotel so can't comment on that. As in any Yard House, TVs for sports! Our server was Ricky, he was an AWESOME server. Knew the menu, inside and out it seemed! We went for HH (M-F 3-6pm & Sun-W 10-Close) and they have awesome items on the menu. We ordered 2 Kona Longboard Beers, 2 Guiness, Chinese Garlic Noodles, Hawaiian Poke Stack, Margherita Pizza and Classic Sliders. The portions are like at any Yard House, not tiny but it wouldn't hurt to get 2 appetizers to get full, if you're there for HH. We'll be returning! I'm so excited that we don't have to drive all the way to LV BLVD to enjoy me some Yard House!
5	Nice atmosphere.  Great beer selection.  Good food.  We went appetizer and salad a few nights ago.  The Spinach dip was great!  Comes with a fantastic toated pita bread.  The lettuce wraps were also a treat.  Only disappointment is with ALL the kegs of beer on tap, no Tecate or Tecate Light!  Oh well.Highly recommend!
4	My first experience at Yard House was a fantastic one. I do not recall having better customer service at any other restaurant. From the hostess to the waiter to the bus boy ---- Wow! They made me feel so special.I entered via the entrance within the casino and was directed to the front of the restaurant for seating arrangements. I hope in the future that they are able to seat customers at both entrances.They asked if I preferred indoor or outdoor seating. I was in a movie for the two hours prior, so I chose indoor seating just in case the weather was acting up (again).Our waiter was fantastic. We ordered what he recommended, which was the jambalaya and the mac and cheese. Their fried calamari was okay; I still think Olive Garden's is a lot better. Don't forget to ask for extra marinara sauce.The jambalaya was tasty with two large shrimp atop a bed of linguine (or jasmine rice, if you prefer). It was tasty and I'm not usually fond of spicy food.The mac and cheese was good. I think I have had better elsewhere, but it's a personal preference of mine to have super creamy mac and cheese, not dry as if it were baked, which I think it was. It was supposed to have bacon in it, but I did not find any. The chicken and mushrooms were a great additions. My boyfriend raved about his jambalaya, but the mac and cheese was only okay. I'll be back to try more of their entrees.Overall, the customer service is what made this experience so good for me. I don't know if it's due to them just opening, but I hope it stays that way.
3	This is a review of their happy hour.The Skinny: solid upscale bar food (3), great service and decor albeit the music is loud(4), great happy hour pricing(4).My hubby and I headed to the Red Rock Casino at 10 pm after a flight home from SF. We were both pretty hungry and looking for a place to relax and chowdown on some comfort food.This place is designed  for the hipster, 20's-30's crowd - or the older set looking for some younger action. And yes, as another reviewer commented, it's filled yuppies sporting high-end, brand name, designer clothing. So I definitely felt a little out of place in my mismatched outfit: pink flip-flops, brown cotton T-shirt with neon-red Nike running shorts (don't ask).Oh, and one great thing: the restaurant has street entrance so you don't have to walk through a smoky casino to eat here. That is a major plus!On to the food:Chicken nachos - not that much chicken but the plate was very plentiful with a combination of beans, gucamole, sour cream, tomatoes and cheese. It would have been nice to have salsa instead of chopped tomatoes on top.  Also, with all those toppings, that left some of nachos a little too soggy. But still a guilty pleasure. Portion size was extremely generous.Sliders (classic style): They were pretty good. The grilled meat was tasty but needed more meat inside (or a smaller bun). It would have been nice to have some tomato or lettuce on top. Fries were okay, nothing special.Chicken lettuce wraps: very generous portion size. The filling was a little salty for my taste but had three decent sauces to try - each was distinctly different. Liked the fact that they gave you a lot of lettuce.Customer service is attentive and efficient for a place like this. The only complaint about the ambience is the music which was a little too loud. It made it difficult to have a prolonged conversation.For a late night snack, this is a great place to have nearby.
4	So glad Summerlin finally got a great restaurant!!! We love this place the food is great and the atmosphere is fun. Ricky and Anthony (manager) are awesome!! Their service was out of this world along with everyone else.
2	This is a review of their lunch/afternoon menu.The Skinny: so-so sandwich, okay pizza (2), space cadet waiter with a lengthy wait (1), pretty good lunch special pricing (3).My hubby and I came here at 2 pm to grab a late lunch.This place had a nicer vibe at lunch than during their evening hours - less loud, less pretentious, less obnoxious.We were surprised how bad the service was given that the day before we'd had an excellent waiter. Our waiter gave us our menu and then went MIA most of the time. It took longer than 10 minutes to put down our order. It took over 30 minutes for our food (a crab-cake sandwich special and a bbq chicken pizza) to arrive which is bad considering that 1) the restaurant was lacking patrons during this time and 2) they are trying to cater to the speedy lunch crowd.The crab cake sandwich ought to be bread with a small side of crab-cake. There were large slices of bread to the point where you can barely see the crab cake. My husband did not finish the bread and actually opened up his sandwich and just ate the crabcake. The french onion soup it came with was okay - not cheesy enough but okay.The bbq chicken pizza was okay - not great. The crust was not crisp enough. Too little toppings with too much sauce made this pizza feel pretty unbalanced. The accompanying field green salad was fine except for the raw leeks that were in there. (Leeks are really not meant to be raw, dudes!).Overall, this lunch service needs to be improved to match what happens here in the evening.
4	So when I asked Mom where she wanted to go for her Birthday, her response was....Yard House for Happy Hour 1/2 Priced Appetizers.....lol  I love my Mom, so we all went to this Yard House for her Birthday.We took full advantage of the Happy Hour and ordered the following:- Hawaiian Poke Stack- Seared Ahi Sashimi- Chicken Lettuce Wraps- Firecracker Wings- Buffalo Wings- Pepperoni & Mushroom Pizza- CalamariAll of it was good except the Pizza.  The Better Half ordered the Pizza and waiting until the end to eat it.....but by then, it was soggy.  That's not the restaurant's fault, but our.  Next time I told her to eat it first or request it well done, lol.  Everything else was spectacular.  I had the Buffalo Wings which were good and had a nice spice level to it.....the sauce wasn't overwhelming and the wings had a good amount of meat on it.  I also sampled the Pizza, which was just ok, not great.  The Chicken Lettuce Wraps were also good but not great....I prefer the PF Changs style of lettuce versus the flimsy, leafy style of lettuce used here.....it just doesn't hold the Chicken well.  To wash all of this down, I was drinking a Chamay Tripel, which is a powerful Belgian beer.....it was very smooth with hints of Citrus & Bread....I love this beer!Our Son had the Seared Ahi & the Firecracker Wings.  He said the Ahi was Awesome.  I tried one of his Firecracker Wings.....they were pretty good, the dipping sauce was a little too sweet for my liking, but it was flavorful.Mom had the Hawaiian Poke Stack.....she grew up in Hawaii and was happy to have a dish that resembled the homeland.  She was very pleased with her meal.Wifey had the Pizza, which I already mentioned was soggy due to lack of attention on her part, lol.  She also had the Calamari, which she said was very good.The service was good too even though the place was packed for Happy Hour.Overall, the family had a great night out.  We all went home happy & with full bellies.Will I return?  You can bet your House on it!
3	Good food for a chain. Nothing I crave, but not bad at all
4	Got a chance to checkout the Yard House @ Red Rock this past Tuesday and let me say I was excited for this place to open.  To go back to my review of Yard House @ TS for a minute.. I've always loved the place.1. Great Happy Hour Specials2. For "bar food" it tastes pretty damn good3. The atmosphere is filled with all different kinds of people 4. The location is a short drive from my houseEnter Yard House 2.....1. Same Great Happy Hour2. Food and beer both tasted the same3. The atmosphere seemed like everyone had left the office around 5 and wanted to catch a few drinks and some food before home (I'm good with that).4.  The drive is a little further, but the location is awesome.I thoroughly enjoyed our city's newest chain addition and look forward to visiting again soon.
4	I of course had to give the new location a chance. Being closer to me is a big draw to wanting to like Yardhouse #2. It was reverse HH, but a Tuesday and pretty packed for the time and day of the week. We didnt have to wait for a table which was a plus but I can see to definitely avoid during the weekend if its this busy on a Tuesday. Sure I can agree with Matthew C. crowd assessment , I felt like I needed a wider bicep width and a collar to pop, but you know what? People trying to be so hot and cool arent going to stop me from a good craft brew draft. I'm here for beer and drinks and just hope for good service. Obnoxious looking, but I'll just smile watching them with their pitchers of Bud Light and gingerly sip on my lovely brews. I enjoy watching a clusterbitch fuckshow so long as I don't get pulled into it.We didnt feel like drinking too much so we shared their Ommegang Seasonal. I asked what the seasonal was and the server was not so sure except "I'd like to say it is a summer ale". It might be a seasonal to the Yardhouse, but it was not what is seasonal for Ommegang currently- it was Ommegang Abbey Ale, a  classic yearound dark Belgian brew.Grabbed some appetizers to share.Garlic Noodles w/ shitake mushrooms- a favorite. We always order this since its simple, but good. It reminds me a bit of Crustaceans garlic noodles- those are better, but I'm not going to drop $80 to have some damn noodles and crab very often.  I kinda have my own take of this that I make at home. If you're looking for traditional Asian noodles, this is fusion and not it....and why'd you come here for that anyways when we have Spring Mtn authentic establishments? Seared Ahi Tuna Sashimi- The sauce taste much like the cajun albacore spices that are put on nigiri, but in sauce form. It's not bad, the fish was fresh and it went well with the garlic noodles. The sauce got a bit much though after a while and I just want to taste the fish...maybe sauce on the side. Moo Shu Eggrolls-  I can see why I saw it on many tables since many people love an eggrolls crunch, creamcheese and chicken and sauce, but it's just not a favorite of mine. It goes on my okay list. Theres these thin orange garnish in the bowl, try it- it's either sweet potato or carrot. We had good service here. Our server was nice and checked on us enough. Though we had to wait a little to find her for the check, she came right back to grab our tab and got us on with our day in a jiffy. Other than your main server, there are many helpers who watch your drinks and take away plates so our iced teas were never empty. They were pretty ninja about it actually. I honestly don't recall seeing my drink refilled one of the times or when one of the empty plates disappeared. I think with how packed this place is, this is a great system to have bussers also refill or it would be stressing chaos on the server and plenty of unhappy people waiting for things. I'll definitely come back. It's a lot busier on a weeknight that Town Square and I wish it was a bit quieter, but hey it's either drive way down there for less of a crowd or drive a few minutes for a Goose Island Matilda and garlic noodles. I'll take the short drive until I reach my goal of having gone through all the craft brews on tap. We are halfway so we still have much to go.
4	Like the Town Square location they've got an impressive beer selection and a diverse menu. The first time I stopped by last month the wait was ridiculous so I ended up leaving. But this past weekend I got a seat for lunch in no time. The food is decent all around. The moo shu egg rolls were tasty and the cuban pork sandwich was large and delicious. If you like the food and beer of the other locations, you'll like it here as well. Lots of HD TVs around the place and apparently lots of World Cup fans as there was a good sized contingent of Spanish supporters cheering as they beat Paraguay.
2	While the new Yard House location at Red Rock has a great location, super comfortable patio even in the summer, and the same menu as all the other locations, it was still a disappointment. My Boyfriend and I were there last weekend and unfortunately the selection of staff doesn't seem to have been done with the same amount of care and discretion as it was in other locations throughout the valley. We were quoted a 45 minute wait time, and went to the bar for our first beer. They didn't have what I ordered, but the bartender didn't seem to know of any similar options (even though there are 3 or 4 on the menu). We were sat in about 15-20 minutes (one star earned there) and so took a few minutes to finish beer #1 and decide on #2. I decided to venture out of the normal and try one of the Yard House blends. When I asked our server about a specific option, she replied "Oh, I don't know, I don't drink beer." Then proceeded to go on and on about how it has too many calories and makes you fat. So  A) Thanks, you're calling me and my boyfriend (we're both pretty in shape people) fat cows for wanting to enjoy a tasty beverage? B) You work in a restaurant that specializes in a certain product, and you don't know ANYTHING about it? At least fake it till you make it next time, OK?What I ended up ordering wasn't at ALL what I was expecting and basically tasted like strawberry juice (since I obviously didn't get any information on it from our server) and I was pretty disappointed with it. When the manager came by to check on our table, I asked for a sample size of the less sweet part of the blend, to try to make it more bearable. She begrudgingly complied, brought it back 10 minutes later and then never came back to make sure it was satisfactory. Not HORRIBLE behavior, but a good manager would have been a little more attentive. The food was about the same as the Town Square location, but since the service was not even close to comparable, I would definitely not make this one a first choice again.
4	After waiting over an hour we finally were sat at the table right next to the host stand.  During our entire dinner we had several people standing around our table waiting.  The music was extremely loud which prohibited talking to other people at my table.  Although the restaurant was extremely busy, our server Lauren greeted us quickly and brought our drinks right away.  We ordered the Ahi appetizer which was brought out incredibly fast.  The appetizer was delicious.  For dinner I ordered the turkey burger and substituted vegetables instead of fries.  The burger was incredibly moist and flavorful.  This was the best turkey burger I have ever had.  I would definitely order it again.  Lauren was one of the best servers I have had in Las Vegas.  I probably will not return to this restaurant during peak hours.  Tables should not be place so close to the waiting area during peak times because it ruins an otherwise awesome meal.
3	For anyone who knows or was part of a large group by the bar today, Sunday July 18th that showed up around midnight- part of your party needs to learn some manners. Yeah, you're at a place that is a dining establishment as well in case you didn't notice it isn't a club where standing room is expected. There is a long bar with empty seats so there is no need to have a circle like we're at fucking camp bunched around 3 people already sitting at the bar. I am calling out particularly a guy with a  white longsleeved shirt depicting a archangel religious scene holding up a British flag- thank you for invading my boyfriends dining space and making him feel really intruded upon. I glared and made eye contact with you and the girl even to know that you aren't appreciated and it goes unnoticed. One of your party (thank you greyish? shirt guy) pointed  to our table and pointed out that you and your girlfriend in a purple-ish, blue-ish tank were in our space- you didn't listen to your friend proves you guys were class A people, A- hole class that is. A few of your friends did it too, but then when they actually touched the back of my boyfriends chair appologized and moved out (mohawk guy with a white shirt and tie thanks). If it wasn't for my levelheaded boyfriend I would have gone to the middle of the group and told them off to notice that they aren't the only ones here. The waitress was okay. I think as a persons dining host, the comfort of your guests is of importance. I learned from hospitality that seeing the party hover so close our table that it's courteous to ask if we are okay sitting there or to ask the people if they would like a table or a place set up for them at the bar to keep them away from diners. We ended up reseating ourselves when it took a while for her to come back for us, far the fuck away from the bar in a different section. We took our drinks and plates of food to a booth with the help of a different waitress. After we move, guess what happens? They spread out a bit more properly to a table and part of the bar...of course it happens only after they irritate people. A beer wouldn't make up for it, but it helps my mood. They did not have Goose Island Matilda on tap today which I wanted and I settled for a random pick I haven't seen around Vegas- Petrus Blond which was not balanced with it's malts and underwhelming. Fuck, couldn't even get a decent blind pick beer today.  Our food was good (garlic noodles, turkey sliders, crab cake) , but not good enough to level my mood. 3 is being VERY nice and only because I love YardHouse.
4	Yard house is like the new Cheesecake Factory to me...large portions of slightly altered yummy food with great drink choices...slightly more expensive than necessary, but worth it all.I have always loved the idea of this place...as I am a huge fan of choices...and even though I am not a beer drinker, I am easy to satisfy with beer here.We visited the Red Rock version Saturday and had a great time.  There was a 30 minute wait for a table for 6, but we were there for probably 2 hours and not rushed off at all once sat.  I drank the super yummy Lindeman's Framboise Lambic, a Pear cider and their Michelob Ultra...all of which were fresh and perfectly cold.I tasted/shared:Lobster, Crab, Artichoke Dip...in which luckily no one noticed I did not let get out of my reach...yummmmmm!Their spinach dip was also good, but again, I was focused on the other dip.Basic blue cheese wedge salad...I have had better, but it did the job of getting a vegetable in my system...Lobster garlic noodles...tasty, especially the spinach and mushrooms, but prefer udon noodles (this was wheat spaghetti)(Mac + Cheese)2 which was highly recommended...I could taste all the   ingredients including the truffle oil, mushrooms and huge chunks of bacon.  This is surely a meal for the girl attempting to earn some curves, if you know what I mean...so I didn't enjoy all of it, not even half, but the con-dieter in me says YIPPEE for finding this delicious version of a fan fav.  Prices are not necessarily a deal...but nothing sucked enough to be upset about it.  I am glad there is one close to my house now and will be back soon.
2	Mike really wanted to go to Yard House, despite bad food experiences the first two times he'd been and the fact that it was 20 miles away. Said Mike, "Yeah, I keep giving them a chance hoping things will change."Chuck, the first waiter, was terrific.  Great personality and just a fun guy.  When we got switched to Molly, however, mmm, not so much.  Not her fault really, but she's no Chuck.   Rick's margarita was terrible and they wouldn't re-make it.  Worst was that they had an attitude about the fact it was a crappy drink. Three of us verified that it sucked. The pizza appetizer was just ok, at best, and the Chinese something-or-other was bad as well.  As for the entrees, I had the pan seared scallops.  They were undercooked and the mosh stuff in the middle (oro pasta plus god-knows-what) wasn't very appealing either.  I absolutely would not recommend this place to any friends and if Eck insists on going back there again, I'll stage a mini-coup and vote him down.
4	Now that the crowds have mellowed after the opening, it is not quite so crazy on Wed night when I am at Red Rock.  The food has been better than at the Town Square location and the atmosphere is a lot nicer.  You see a lot more families here, and of course tourists, but that's ok.  Still it's all about the beer, and that is why I visit frequently.  The great selection of half priced appetizers during happy hour doesn't hurt either.
4	Great service and an awesome selection of beer and oh ya the food is good too.
3	Food is really good but incredibly noisy.  Couldn't hear person next to me at our 4 top.
3	Is a beer before noon a bad idea?  Not if it's a Black and Tan or a Stout Float.Visited the new Red Rock location on a Friday for lunch.  Managed to beat the Summerlin Power Lunchers in and got a nice booth off to the side.I like the layout of this place, but was a little annoyed at the fact that if I entered via the Casino they made me walk the entire length of the place to the Street entrance hostess to get a seat.Our waiter was super friendly and very helpful.  So service was a plus.Beer selection was awesome and I will admit the only 2 other times I have been to a Yard house was for the libations and not for food.  Opted for the Stouts since it was before noon.The place would have gotten 4 stars if the food was presented a little better.  We started with the Moo Shu Egg Rolls, Poke Stack, and Spicy Tuna Roll, then shared a Lunch portion Spicy Jambalaya.Moo Shu Egg Rolls were great, nice combination of flavors, crispy and paired great with the sauce.The Poke Stack was far from good quality poke and our stack was more like a landslide about ready to tumble.  Although hardly a poke expert, I've cut my share of fish in my life to know that poke should be bite size pieces of fish, not mangled rough chopped pieces of flesh (have some respect for your fish).The Spicy Tuna Roll is a beautiful bounty of elegance, and tastes good too.  Not your traditional roll but presented in stacked layers which works.The lunch portion of the Jambalaya only had 2 shrimp in it, and if that is their idea of blackened, someone better find their spice peddler because they are getting ripped in believing they are delivering a good creole dish when all they are serving up is some shrimp with tomato sauce over some rice.Overall a good place for some drinks and a good time but I will definitely be trying some other dishes.
3	It gets 3 stars based on the safety that it is Yardhouse; decent food and great beer selection.I went with a group of 10, ready to stay for the evening....but after dinner we went elsewhere.  The eating area is big and open enough (I actually prefer it to the one in Town Center).  But thats where the good news ends.The wait staff was slow and inaccurate.  They actually argued that the raspberry beer they brought was the dunkel we ordered.  The manager ultimately agreed with us.  Secondly, but importantly, they have a 1-drink-at-a-time rule.....Everyone knows at a popular restaurant you order when the waiter comes around.  At this particular YardHouse, they will not bring you a beer until the one you have is less than a quarter done.  So now you must wait another 20-30min until the server comes around to check to even make an order.They let us slide a little because they thought we were a good crowd....ridiculous
3	The food is okay
4	I have to say that I frequent this place for at least one happy hour a week. My favorite beer of choice is the 'blend' Rose Gaarden. It is bright red and tastes like a full-bodied fruity beer. The half price apps are a marvelous deal! The crab cakes are delightful, a little bit heavier than I prefer, yet tasty nonetheless. The spicy tuna roll is my standby because it is consistently delicious. It is a deconstructed roll of course and it's enough for 2 to share. Another favorite is the Chinese garlic noodles. It's egg noodles sauteed with garlic, butter and shitaake mushrooms, YUM! The poke stack is also delectable. They also honor the lunch specials until 5pm. I tried the lunch portion of the mac and cheese, as it came highly recommended by a friend of mine. I found it to be too heavy. The flavors weren't bad, it just left me feeling like I had a bowling ball in my belly. I think the mix of the chicken and the mushrooms and the cream sauce are just too much. The atmosphere is loud here, as it is a bar. The outside dining on the high tops is much more reticent. The weather in the afternoons lately has made it a perfect spot to nosh and enjoy a beer.
2	Finally after months of trying we were able to get in and get seated without being told there is a 1 hour wait.  Oh the excitement. Not so exciting is the placement of the doors.  If you are entering from the casino, the host person still has you schlep across the entire restaurant to the other host person.  We have technology people..use it.  So we get seated and surprisingly it was pretty empty for a Saturday afternoon. In fact there were only 2 tables occupied in our section so imagine our surprise when it took more than 15 minutes just to have someone come take our drink order.  We ordered appetizers and then our lunch.  We got the Korean BBQ beef & the firecracker wings.  I have to say the Korean BBQ was delicious with the jasmine rice as an accompaniment.  The firecracker wings? not so much.  In fact we sent them back. They were not even close to spicy as the description said but rather just covered in a gooey tasteless sauce.  I should have gone with my gut and ordered the jerk wings instead.  For our lunch, we had the Mac + cheese 2, which was ok considering the huge chunks of bacon that came with it.  I think it might have been better without the truffle oil since the combo of mushrooms & bacon overwhelm the flavor already but geeze it's only mac & cheese x2.  I had the tomato bisque and grilled cheese.  The bisque was quite good as was the grilled cheese. Not quite as good as Serendipity 3 but certainly closer and easier to get to without schleping to the strip.  The thing that took this down a * to a 2* was the service. I can understand if they are jamming on an NFL Sunday or the World Cup etc but it was pretty much an echo chamber on our side of the room, yet service was so very slow. Except in getting our food on the table because about 5 minutes after our appetizers showed up, there was our meal.  Which in retrospect of the bad wings, was ok, but I would have liked to have finished the shared Korean BBQ first. Then after we were done, we sat there for another 10-15 minutes waiting for our waitress (and asking the bus person 2x) to bring our check.  This is like the 3rd place in a row that we've been that the food was not bad but the service was so non-existent.  I know the excuse 3 years ago was because there were so many people pouring into Vegas that restaurants didn't care whether you got good service or not, you were "lucky" to get a table but you'd think with so many places closing their doors, the ones who are actually doing a good job would want to encourage passable customer service.  ah well ..IF we can get in, we'll def. go back.  I want to go when I'm not driving so I can try some of their handcrafted libations.
4	Yardhouse is just a good ol' standard place.I like just about everything on the menu, there's a lot of good beer on draft, and it's in Red Rock... my favorite casino!I really don't even know where to start for a review here. I've had most of the menu, the only thing I really won't eat again is the turkey burger - it just seemed so weird to me - but the jambalaya is awesome, the regular burgers are standard, the apps are good...Servers are friendly and efficient, beer is cold, food is fresh. Excellent for happy hour or a first date, as long as you don't have to wait too long. Cheap to moderately priced, social, good atmosphere, top pick.
4	Love the Yard House!!  We don't really drink so can't comment on the beer, but have loved every food item tried.  Good music but looses 5th star due to music way too loud for an eating establishment.Red Rock is my favorite casino, so glad they added a restraunt we can truly enjoy.
3	We frequent the Yard House at Town Square and Red Rock pretty often, but last night was the first time we had the new menu. There were 4 of us and we decided to order several appetizers and share. The chicken nachos are soooo good. Possibly best nachos ever. There are 2 sauces...a green and a red, beans, chicken, guacamole, sour cream and CHEESE! Real shredded cheese, not processed cheese sauce. There goes the diet. I read a few reviews on yelp and several people raved about the searing ahi so we tried that, as well as the hummus, garlic noodles, shrimp lettuce wraps & mushroom lettuce wraps. The hummus was ok, but on the salty side. The tuna was disappointing to say the least. The last piece I put in my mouth had such a repulsive texture I had to spit it out immediately. I guess its a good thing the texture was so fowl because if I had swallowed it I probably wouldve gotten food poisoning. It seems like the tuna is previously frozen (and possibly artificially dyed bright pink) and wasn't great overall, but that one piece was absolutely disgusting.  I didn't have any of the lettuce wraps, but my friends said the mushroom ones were super salty...bordering on inedible.  The garlic noodles were decent.We really like Yard House, but I think it tries to have a menu to please everyone instead of sticking to what they do really well--bar food.  The bf loves the giant selection of beers and the service is always very good. I'm going to steer clear of the Asian menu items and stick with my favorite bbq chicken salad...or when I want to splurge, the chicken nachos.
4	My husband and I came here late night about 12am so we didn't want to go overboard on the food. I don't know if the snack menu is a new concept for the Yard House because I don't remember seeing it before. I liked that idea a lot because we were able to order a couple of different things to taste. I had the Shrimp Ceviche that were served with four filled spoons. If you are hungry don't order this because it may just piss you off. I wasn't that hungry so it was just right! It had little bits of Mango in it which was a nice twist. I also ordered their salad that came with Avocado, Mandarin Oranges, Strawberries, and Candied Pecans. It was really good some people don't get the fruit in salad combo but I really enjoy it. It just makes it more satisfying for me. We also snacked on some good old chips in salsa. You can never go wrong with that. The multiple snacks kept us alert and satisfied to play for a few hours at Red Rock. It was a winning night all around!
5	I feel like a huge douche for not reviewing this earlier. I probably go to this place once to twice a month and have never had a bad experience. Although I do have a great story to share. My roommate and I were eating dinner and he asked for a suggestion for a beer to which our waiter suggested a random German beer. My roommate then thought it would be clever to say "I can't have anything German, too painful for my roommate, he's Jewish. The Germans burned him pretty bad." At this point our waitress looked at me with a completely lost glare on her face and said "that's horrible!"The menu has recently been changed a bit but I'm not sure if it was cosmetic or if items were actually added. If you can find something that isn't absolutely delicious on the menu you've done something wrong. Their spicy jambalaya has crawfish in it which is unheard of and adds an extra level of deliciousness. If you are into eclectic burgers try the surf n' turn which includes asparagus and a lobster claw. I don't think I've had a better burger outside of Burger Bar at Mandalay. Add in their extensive beer selection, great atmosphere, and cheap prices and you basically have the best first date location you could possibly hope for. Or you have the best Sunday hangout, or Friday...or who the hell needs a reason let's just go to Yardhouse! Thank me later, I'll be in the corner having a German beer.
5	I've been going to Yardhouse for quite some time, before it even came to Las Vegas. (I've even had an actual yard of beer, which has now been relegated to a display case by the hostess stand.  Should they change their name to Half-Yardhouse? :)) I think I may have emailed Yardhouse in a drunken rage one night in 2004 because they did not have a location here, but they were opening one in Phoenix. But anyway... now we have two!Some friends wanted to meet up here and I felt a little apprehensive because it is always crazy crowded.  All twelve of us squeezed into one of the long booths, which was a feat and just started ordering.  It worked out surprisingly well thanks to the attentiveness and patience of the staff.  They kept clearing as needed and just made it work with a fun, can-do attitude.Two things I did not know about Yardhouse:1) Apparently someone took the time to type in all the ingredients to all the dishes into their Micros (aka ordering machine computer  thing).  So if you have people in your group with allergies (we had two), they can get a printed list of all the ingredients lickity-split.  None of that, "I asked the cooks and they think it may not have peanuts in it.  Maybe."2) On Monday night, during football season, happy hour is from 3pm until close!  How come no one said anything!?!  Check out http://www.yardhouse.com/NV/las_vegas/ for all the happy hour options and prices.  Maybe this is to compete with LBS that has a $15 mug one-time purchase with 10 cent refills promotion?  Not sure if the Monday happy hour applies to the Town Square location...Plus, a bonus for me is that they actually had Goose Island Matilda on tap, which is my favorite beer.  Last couple times I came to visit it was tapped out.  The only thing that sucks a little is that their firecracker wings have gone the way of the yard.  Back in the day they were actually spicy as the name would imply. But apparently, like the yard of beer, they were too spicy from some folks and finally management relented.  Now they are just wimpy and sweet.Nevertheless, all in all a good night at the Yardhouse! Reminscient of those days of old in Socal.
4	Happy hour was awesome. Great beer. We sat down ordered beers then food and it came out so fast from the kitchen. Good service too.a-lot  of beers on tap,very nice selection. we recommend the tuna sashimi,very good. We will definently be back.
4	I have yet to visit Yard House and have a bad experience. We were seeing a 9:50 movie and popped into Yard House around 6:30 PM on a Friday night to grub and drink. The wait was not too bad, and with the bar and sports on TV it went by even faster. The bartenders were friendly and quick, and my Longboard Ale did not disappoint. Mmmmm, beeeeeeeeer. Once seated we decided on the Lobster Crab Artichoke Dip as an appetizer. Personally I like this with the Pita wedges so I think they need to 86 the chips on the plate and add more Pita! I highly recommend this appetizer, it's one of our favorites! For dinner we decided to try something new. Going off positive Yelp reviews I chose the Jambalaya on Jasmine Rice. My husband went with the Chicken Garlic Noodles. We were both happy with our meals, good flavor, cooked properly, all the basics. I've never had a bad meal at Yard House so this was no surprise to me. If we have to choose, my Jambalaya was the better of the two (Katie FTW, yet again!). I love bringing a large group to Yard House, we came here for my pre-bachelorette party dinner :) and that was yet again another great Yard House experience. I recommend Yard House for quality food and beer, it is consistent, family or large group friendly and they have a large, diverse menu.
4	A great choice in a hotel with few standout places.  Greatest selection of beers around.  The sampler had 6 choices and they were all good.  Mac & Cheese was outstanding.  Typical bar and grill food.  Very good selection of salads and entrees.
4	They serve fun beers and happy hour is nice.  Good beer, lots of tables and late. The food is really high in calories I am not sure they have any healthy options.  Every thing seemed to be 1000 calories half your intake and honestly their food is not work half your daily calories.
3	Mom and I stopped by for lunch the other day.  She ordered the Hawaiian Poke Stack Appetizer ($11.65), I had the Chicken Nachos ($10.35).....the waitress convinced me to have a Stone Ruination IPA ($6.25)....kidding, I didn't need any convincing.The food came out fast.  Mom enjoyed the Poke Stack, it's one of her favorite dishes here.  The Chicken Nachos had a lot of potential....half of the Chips tasted stale...you know, when it has the texture of Licorice....anyway, the part of my Nachos with the stale Chips were awful, the part of my Nachos with fresh Chips was awesome.  Seriously, it was night and day.  Dammit Yard House.The Stone Ruination IPA made it all better though....yummy!Overall, it was an OK lunch.  Could have been better.Will I return?  I'm sure I will.
3	My first Yard House experience was blah.  We had tried going to the new Red Rock location a few times but it was always too busy.  Finally went a week ago and I was let down.  The service was great and we liked our waiter but the food was blah.  I'll try again!  Hopefully it will be better
5	I love this place. It's great to go for dinner and a movie. The food is upper scale bar food. And I hesitate to make reference as "bar" food because it really is better than that. The outdoor patio is lovely, even in the winter as they have heat lamps all over. When I go there, my friends and I usually order several different items off the appetizer menu, as they are large portions and it's great to share. I love the atmosphere and I definitely recommend this place.
4	usually go to the yard house at town square, but we were kind of in the area and figured we'd stop in for happy hour.service was great and food was great, as always. we ordered our usual:poke stackmoo shu eggrollsgarlic noodles (soooo good!!!)sashimicalifornia rolland of course, leinenkugel (i never spell that right), black orchid and the bf had 2 blue moons.our server, jessica, was awesome!!! happy hour is usually busy, but she always made sure to check on us when she made her way around our table.if we're ever in the area, we'll be back!!!
5	I love to go to Yard house for lunch, its quiet, the service is amazing and its not so loud either.  I am addicted to their Chicken Garlic Noodle, I tried couple other dishes, but Chicken Garlic noodle is simply too good..lolI always ask them, half the oil, more vegetable if possible and they do it nicely with a smile.  loltoo bad I am not a huge beer fan, but of course who else has no beer collection than Yard house.
5	I love Yard House. Whether you want to have a nice sit-down dinner with the family, pound a few beers at the bar with your boys, or have a relaxing Happy Hour hangout, Yard House is the place!The crusted Swordfish is amazing.The layered beers are awesome, I like trying a new one each time I go, but I seem to wander back to the Eclipse (Half Guiness/Half Blue Moon).They also have Boddington's Irish Cream Ale as one of their over ONE HUNDRED draft beers, and that's one of my fav's.Sushi rolls are really cool here, too. Not like the small rolls cut into 6 or 7 pieces like you normally get; it's a huge one piece roll, that you can cut slices out of (almost like a pizza), or just dig into. The Ahi is great & the California is even better.
5	The  burgers are wonderful! we went to YH a few times, Love the food !  Server named " Farren", is so sweet and so professional ! The manager Anthony was really nice too. we let him know we really enjoyed our dining experience a previous visit. I am happy that they have a very nice kids meal menu as well and offer side dishes like fruit and veggies instead of just frenchfries. I am eating low carb, and the servers are so accomodating and helpful with low carb choices. I can't wait to visit again , my husband says they have the best wings he's ever had.
5	Um... why did it take me so long to get here? I took some pals to Red Rock with the intention of visiting Cabo, but then remembered it was closed, so we hit up Yard House.We opened our menus to the first page and spent about ten minutes deciding which beer to try. I chose the New Castle/Guinness blend, which was hearty and delish. My girl-date chose the Blue Moon/Guinness blend--also delish, and much lighter.Then we got to the food menu. It's pretty much like going to the Cheesecake Factory (tons of choices.) They have a veggie-based meat substitute that can be put into any one of SIXTEEN of their dishes. I finally settled on the spicy chicken sandwich. It was definitely spicy, but very good. It came with a pile of very thin fries, which I dipped in our guacamole after we ran out of chips. I hate to waste good guacamole.I just realized that the waiter boxed up my fries for me and I think I forgot them on the table. Sad. :( I guess I'll have to go back for more. :D
5	I am a fan of yard houses in general but this one is great.  As with all yard houses, the menu choices are expansive and varied for all appetites. We tend to go there for the beer menu  which gives you many choices to explore. This review though is for their service. In a time when service is very hit or miss, this restaurant team is excelling. On several occasions, it is the service that will dictate your dining experience. Here , the staff is well educated in their menu, beverages and protocols. During one of our visits, we even had to compliment our server to the manager...that was how good of an impression he made upon us. Well done to the management and staff!
5	Since i am the current Mayor of Yard House at Red Rock I think it is safe to say that I love this place. The location at RR is around the corner from my house so it is a regular stop for me and my girlfriend. We typically prefer to sit at the bar since the full menu is available, there is no wait for a table and the service is super quick. The bartenders are very knowledgeable about the beers and they can always lead you to a new selection. I've always thought  it would be great if they made a list that you could use to check off all of the beers as you work your way around the taps but they don't so I created my own. Favorite Beers:Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPAKona Firerock Pale AleNew Belgium Mothership WitFavorite Food Dishes:Classic SlidersGrilled Korean BeefRoast Beef DipGrilled Cheese & Soup (I sub the tortilla soup for the tomato bisque)Mac & Cheese w/ Chicken
5	Great food, a wide variety of beers on tap and solid service. Plus, its right at the red rock so plenty of other options after you eat!!
3	First off, we rarely visit the casinos or chains unless we have to - but a friend was in town for DICE and staying at Red Rock. We all used to play in rock bands back in LA, so a place playing classic rock seemed seemed like a good fit.Although the place was packed - we got seated fairly quickly at a bar table in the thick of things.  I don't mind being surrounded by some hustle and bustle, but it was cold out - and every time someone opened the door out to the patio, we got hit with a blast of freezing cold air at our table.  Just a crowded restaurant trying to maximize space I guess.Beer selection is great - I forgot my reading glasses this time so I couldn't actually READ the menu, so I just went with a Stella.   For food I got the Ahi Crunchy Salad with field greens, asian slaw and crispy wontons tossed in soy vinaigrette (according to the menu) - it was quite good.  I'm a HUGE fan of al fresco hanging out / drinking / eating, and I'm glad to see that more places in Vegas are embracing it, so I'll probably be back later in the year when it gets a bit warmer and try the patio.
5	Gardein/Vegi menu is great. Tastes like the real thing. Awesome for my wife and daughter.
4	Great location and atmosphere.  Can't go wrong with the black n tan and chicken nachos.  The service was great and the music was quality.
4	I have been to this restaurant a bunch since it open a few months ago. The beer selection is truly amazing and the quality of the food is great too. The service tends to be good too but you can always get the slow server as with every restaurant. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the prices. The food prices are reasonable but the beers are spendy. I understand it is probably because of the ridiculous rent they must pay to be in the Red Rock Casino but it is still a bit annoying when you go there regularly. Anyway, definitely check it out if you have never been...
5	My first visit and I was impressed!  It's a great space...roomy...great for a happy hour with friends...and fantastic for a late dinner (the kitchen is open until 1am on Friday & Saturday nights).  I started off with the Lobster, crab and artichoke dip...hot, cheesy...great with the accompaning chips for slices of pita bread.  I drank my dessert...that is, I had a half and half...Youngberry Chocolate!  Half raspberry beer...half chocolate stout...it was a fantastic melding of flavors in my mouth!  The beer list is extensive, so I definitely have this on my list for my next trip to Vegas!For dinner, I had the grilled cheese (three cheeses on sourdough bread) and organic tomato and basil bisque.  WOW!  That was a fantastic combination of cheeses and soup...the fried basil leaf on top was the perfect accent.  Along my main course, I ordered a side of truffle fries...these were divine!  If you've read any of my other reviews, you'll know that I LOVE anything with truffles...this definitely didn't disappoint!  Perfectly fried shoe string fries...sprinked with fresh herbs, salt, black pepper, parmesan cheese and truffle oil. YUM!!This meal definitely didn't disappoint...my only regret is that I don't live closer!
4	Nice place.. wish there were bigger TVs.. but had a wide variety of beers on tap.. i even had the half yard glass (32 oz).. try the turkey stacker with the special sauce..
4	Their Beers, burgers, and shoestring fries is what makes Yard House stand out. Beers to try:Chimay - caramel, darkNew belgian 1554 - coffee like, darkRaspberry cider - sweet, fruityTheir lemongrass skewered shrimp is good as well.
4	Yeah, I know...why would we go to Vegas and eat at a chain restaurant, right?  Because it was in our hotel and we were starrrrrving, that's why!  We found 4 seats at the bar and ordered food and drinks.  The pomegranate martinis were excellent and my ahi salad was delicious.  The service was quick and friendly, but the only slight "quirk" was the fact that they made us run a tab and closed it out after each round.  And they made us pay for our food as soon as we ordered, like before it even came to the table.  I think my friend and her husband ended up doing 3 separate transactions, one round of drinks of her credit card, cash for their food and another round charged to their room.  It's a busy, busy place and there was a bit of a wait for a table, which is why we chose the bar, but I would definitely go back.
4	Definitely like the outdoor area here over Town Square's.  Grand Cafe was closed at Red Rock which made this place a no brainer around 11pm.  Same menu, same times for happy hour!  That makes the value pretty phenomenal for what you can get.  I was already fairly loaded when we walked in so we just split pizza and wings which were more than enough.  All for less than $12 before tip!  Yes!!
5	This place is to die for! This place has the yummiest food for being a chain in Las Vegas! The atmosphere is very classy and upscale. During the day there is a nice family vibe, and when the sun goes down it has a thriving night life of it's own! The place is always crowdy but the service is great! When I usually go I always get their classic sliders and it comes with a side of fries. There are four little burgers on the plate and a mount of shoestring fries. So yummy and everything you could want in a classic mini burger! Although they're small they are surprisingly filling!Next time you want to enjoy a night out with your friends or a lunch date with your family.. This is the place to go! Not pricey and very good! :)
4	I don't think I would have ever tried this place if someone hadn't given us a gift card, but I am so glad I did!  Looking in from the outside, it's not my kind of place.  I don't drink, so a big, noisy and crowded bar and a restaurant known for their beer selection didn't really appeal to me. But like I said.... we had gift card, so hubby and I gave it a shot.We've been TWICE now, and I have been extremely impressed both times.  The first time we sat on the patio, which was really nice and comfortable.  It was a little chilly that day, so I was worried it would be too cold, but the hostess was really nice and let us go out and see how it felt before committing to an outside seat.  It turned out to be just fine because they have little space heaters out there which worked perfectly.On a Yelp recommendation, we ordered the truffle fries as an appetizer (or a "snack," I think they called it).  They were delicious, but we found out later that if your entree comes with fries, you can upgrade them to truffle fries (as well as garlic fries, sweet potato fries or onion rings) for just a dollar more, and you get a TON of fries -- way more than you get for the $4 "snack" portion -- so if you're interested in trying them, I would go that route instead.Anyway, the hubs went for his favorite thing on earth - Mac n Cheese - and he was not disappointed.  I tried a bite of it and I had to agree it was pretty darned tasty.  I went for the grilled cheese with tomato basil soup and I have to say... that was the most delicious grilled cheese I have ever had in my life.  That's some big words, cuz I've had some pretty good grilled cheeses in my time!  About halfway into it, though, I started to feel my arteries clogging and as I looked at the small puddle of oil collecting on my plate, I was feeling really guilty about how much i was enjoying it.  I think they must have slathered each slice of bread with a full stick of butter and then used about 2 pounds of thick-cut, full-fat cheese.  No WONDER it tasted so good! I was pretty happy that their dessert menu is crappy because I wasn't even the least bit tempted to order some more fattening food.On our visit #2, we took an inside seat, which was still nice, but very loud.  If you're on a date, I would suggest taking the patio seating, which seemed a bit more quiet.  But be warned... even THAT is loud.  This isn't a quiet restaurant by any means.This time we started out with the lobster/crab/artichoke dip.  Another good choice.  The husband got some kind of monster-sized burger with garlic fries (here's where we found out about the "upgrade") and I got the crab cake sandwich with onion rings.  Nothing bad to say about any of that!!I feel like the price is good for the quality of food and the level of service you receive here.  We ordered an appetizer and two entrees on each visit, and both times the bill came out to about $40-$45 with tip.  Well worth it for our fabulous meals and some leftovers to eat the next day.  We'll definitely be back.
5	I'm a lover of variety,and damn does this place do it. With over 100 beers on tap, wow can't get bored. the happy hour is superb, with the greatest ahi tuna. the california roll looks unique when it arrives. I had the best burger I think I've ever had from here, and I don't remember which one it was  :(
5	I have absolutely no complaints about this place. The staff were friendly, the atmosphere was nice, the food was delicious, and their beer selection was great!They had so many different varieties of beer, my husband and his buddy ordered some random german beer they used to drink in Germany. They just kept saying "Wow this brings us back, now thats what beer is SUPPOSED to taste like!!" I must say, its super strong, but no wonder why Germans have a high alcohol tolerance!! haha. Give me one glass of german beer and you just might have to carry me around for the rest of the night! Good thing I was DD though, otherwise, the next day would have been awful for me.
4	First thing is first - I'm not sure why they have "entrances" from inside Red Rock Casino, but on the night we visited, we were waiting at what we found out was the BACK of the restaurant.  A bus girl had to tell us that the front desk is across the restaurant to get a seat.My wife and I visited this place tonight and we had a pleasant time.  To drink, I had a water (from the tap) w/ lemon and she had an iced tea.  The ice tea was unsweetened.  The waitress did a good job of keeping our glasses full.For an appetizer, I ordered the Ahi Poke Bowl.  I am a poke nut and I was satisfied.  For the price, the portions seemed correct.  It was served with two large chip wafers, guacamole, been sprouts and macadamia nuts.  It was very delicious.We had a chance to share the Maui Chicken (Chicken breast, grilled in a great tasting sauce, brown rice and roasted vegetables).  I loved it!We also had a 12oz Ribeye Steak ordered medium well  that came with mashed potatoes and roasted green beans.  The mashed potatoes were bland and dry.  We traded that in for an extra helping amazing of green beans.Clam Chowder was a side dish that seemed like a bit much with the portions of food from our main entree.  Nevertheless, the small serving was rich and creamy.Not sure why it seemed to take some time to get our main entrees, but it did take a while.  The place did not seem so busy at the time.My total experience here would be a 4/5.Speed of Food preparation 3/5Food 4/5Service 5/5Cleanliness 5/5
1	This location needs to work on customer service! The first time my bf and I came to this location, the service was bad(lunch service). We were seated by a nice hostess but did not see our server for at least 10 minutes to greet us and take our drink orders! And when she did come, she didn't even greet us! Our food took 25 minutes to get to our table and the place was pretty frikken empty! We didn't even see our server until we got done eating and my bf had to get out of his seat to grab someone for a drink refill. Uggh! We tried coming here two more times after this and the service was worse! Same thing happened but with a different server. This time our food took longer and we were passed along between two different servers. I guess our original server supposedly took a few minute break and frikken forgot about us! And that's when all hell broke loose! We didn't see our food for a while and we had to get management involved and he even admitted that there was a mix up with the servers. Our food finally arrived almost an hour later but unfortunately we lost our appetite from all the excitement that we couldn't even eat. The manager approached us, apologized, and took care of the bill. He was very understanding and encouraged us to come back again. Unfortunately, we never did and never will.....for a while at least. It sucks that I have to give this location a bad review because I really like Yard house..well, the town square location at least. I will def stick with that location and stay away from this one.
3	Went here for lunch, though the service was great but the food was mediocre. I had the French Onion Soup with the Grilled Pastrami. While the Grilled Pastrami was well made, the soup was terrible. The bread underneath was not toasted so it largely soaked into the soup, which consisted of a relatively bland taste.
2	A Yardhouse representative reached out to me after I posted a review about my experience here at this location. Her sincere apology earned this location more stars. Although they have not replied back to the email they've asked me to send them, I think any establishments that goes out of their way to deeply listen to their clients about their concerns and experience earns kudos from me..and possibly..note: POSSIBLY another visit.
5	My husband and I just visited for the first time since moving here in November. We will definitely be back. The service was awesome. The beer selection was overwhelming for someone like me who knows nothing about beer but the manager came and chatted with us a few times and helped us make the right choices. The food was delicious. (We had burgers and fries.)So excited we found this place!
4	One word... Yummy! There's something for everyone on the menu! The portions are very generous, and you'll never leave hungry! The wait staff is out of this world anytime of day! From appetizer to dessert, you won't be disappointed!
4	Well, what can I say. I'm not sure why I gave it 4 stars, I guess it's because it's one of the few places that has pretty much all the beer that I like to drink. The food is ok, the fish is not as fresh as I like but still good. Must go for the BEER!!!!!!!!
3	It's alright.
5	This is a great place to hang out, watch sports, and drink beer. And, oh yeah, a great place to eat too. The last time I was there, had some sliders to go along with Hoegaarden and Framboise beer. It was Excellent!
5	Yard House in the Red Rock casino is pretty much the ultimate of all restaurants!  Good food, great beer, tasty martinis, rock music, and TVs displaying every sport under the sun...in my world that's called paradise!The Happy Hour here is fantastic, Monday-Friday 3-6, and Sunday-Wednesday nights 10-close.  Most drinks, appetizers, sliders, and pizzas are included in this deal.The service here is always great!  Whether you're sitting at the bar, on the floor (which I must add feature some of the most comfy booths you'll ever sit in), or outside on the patio...you can't go wrong.  The managers frequently walk around and ask how everything is going, which I like.  It's not too bright and not too dark, its somewhere in that cusp of perfect lighting.  And the rock music they play ranges from awesome 60's songs to 80's pop to more recent hits.  In an given hour you'll hear The Doors, Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Police, Tom Petty, and INXS.  Those are all bands that shuffle about on my iPod so that type of selection is perfect in my opinion!There are so many good dishes here, I've tried just about everything.  There are some great appetizers, salads, pizzas, sandwiches, and burgers here.  The Gardein (a chicken or beef substitute made from soy, wheat, pea proteins, vegetables and ancient grains) menu is fantastic, your mind and taste-buds can really fool you into thinking it's actually meat.  I'm a fan of everything made from gardein on the menu here.  For that post-meal treat there are also some ridiculously good deserts here.The beer menu here is incredible!  Over 100 different beers to choose from, ranging from your everyday Budweiser and Coors to your more unique craft brews like Rogue, Stone, and Widmer.  There are some fantastic house martinis and signature drinks here too, most of which taste like candy even thou they pack a punch!So whether you want a nice meal, or to just have a few beers you can't find at most places...you can't go wrong with the awesome service and great environment you'll receive here at Yard House!
3	Wow, tonight was one of the first time we had an unpleasant dining experience at the Yard House.  Everyone is normally happy with big smiles on their face except our waiter tonight Justin.  Sadly to say, our friend had to call over a manager to complain.  She was great and got it turned around to a much better situation. We normally wouldn't complain but with all four of us noticing the attitude in the first 10 minutes we just couldn't let it go.   Of course, the food was still great just took a while to get to us especially my drink which took about 25 mins. and it still didn't come out the way I requested it.  I know the restaurant was crowded so tried to take that into consideration but still the customer service should have been better.  Sorry Yard House you may need to be your own secret shopper.  =)
4	Drool....it's the ultimate "comfort food" spot in Summerlin.  With an open parking lot, you're only a few steps away from their outdoor patio or main entrance where smiling faces will quickly greet you.  BUT, dinner time can be a small wait.  Yes, it is a popular place and many others know it, so be prepared to grab a drink or two at the bar (if there is space) before your table is ready.Where to start once you are seated?  A drink, for sure...and they are known for their many choices of beers. Ask your server for the most popular. Wine and cocktails are great too.For an appetizer, try their Hawaiian poke stack, grilled jerk wings, Buffalo wings, pastrami sliders, Ahi sliders...Your main meal, you have to try (and share) their Mac + cheese which has a chicken breast, apple wood smoked bacon, wild mushrooms, cheddar and Parmesan cheeses with pasta and white truffle oil. Their Southern fried chicken is also great along with my favorite (and very filling) New York steak salad.  This bad boy has field greens, roasted peppers, avocado, green beans, crispy potatoes and red onion tossed in Gorgonzola vinaigrette with beefsteak tomatoes and fried pickled egg.  Mmm Mmmm...If you have enough room and you're not afraid to loosen that belt a notch or two, check out their desserts, I enjoyed their macadamia nut cheesecake. A friend had a Kona coffee ice cream sundae and another went "lite bite" and ordered their Mini lemon souffle with fresh raspberries and house made whipped cream.Bottom line, come hungry with many friends to enjoy the evening.
4	Much better on subsequent visits.  Love the selection of beer and I haven't had a disappointing meal since my first visit.
5	Been a fan of the Yard House for a while now. Now that there is one right by the house, we no longer have to go to the one on Town Square. Love the Mac & Cheese and Jambalaya. Burgers are not bad either. If you are a beer fan, they have an amazing selection on draft.
4	This place is freeeegin awesome. Not only does it have my favorite Jamaican Jerk WINGS! But this place brews some yummy beer, like my all time favorite Snake Bite! Food here is awesome. Although, this was my first time and I really haven't got a chance to taste the menu, I still recommend coming here. In fact, there is a Yard House that just opened up back in San Jose and I'll definitely being going there for sure. Me and the wifey shared a meal, we had the Jambalaya with rice. It wasn't as spicy that I expected, but boy was it yummy. What was kind of ehhh was my sons food, he ordered the Mac N' Cheese and it tasted a bit weird, maybe it's because I'm use to eating Mac N' Cheese from the box or Yard House's Mac N' Cheese was just odd. It had a weird texture to it that I really wasn't comfortable eating. My son also had clam chowder to go with his meal, that was good, but I still rather goto a warf to getting chowder.I seriously need to try more off their menu (poki, ahi, sushi/sashimi looks yummmmy), and this place just might be my all time favorite restaurant to eat at. This place does get packed at night on the weekends and when I say packed, I really mean it gets PACKED! So I wouldn't recommend coming here around those times if you're really hungry.JERK WINGS + FRESHLY BREWED BEER = SATISFIED!
4	I found out that Yard House is not as fun when you're sober and eating with your inlaws. I'm gonna have to come back here when I can enjoy a beer.Appetizers were seared tuna, crab cakes, and coconut shrimp. I love the wasabi sauce, crab cakes and shrimp were ok.Seared scallops over orzo pasta. Not bad, uneven sear on the scallops but they were still tasty and not overdone. Orzo pasta was nice and slightly al dente.
3	This was not my first trip to Yardhouse's happy hour by any means and I'd say that each visit is quite similar (star-wise). It's just that when I get 3 drinks in me, the experience gets ramped up a bit, the food tastes better, and I forget how mediocre everything was. My husband and I caught the Happy Hour last night and our server Cristian was really nice and helpful with the menu selection. My husband asked him what a really strong, decent tasting beer was and upon recommendation, he ended up choosing the North Coast PranQster. It was unfortunately a bit sweet for his taste buds and then we saw Stone Arrogant Bastard Ale and wondered why our server didn't recommend that because we knew the reputation of Bastard beers.So my husband downed his goblet and ordered the Bastard Ale. We got it and realized exactly why he didn't recommend it. It tasted like absolute crap! On a scale of disgusting brews, $1.25 Earthquake High Gravity Lager from a gas station with 12% alcohol content, comes in at a 10 for the most disgusting beer on the planet. Now, this Bastard Ale, even at happy hour prices, is 4 times the cost and a gnarly 9.5 on the disgusting beer-o'-meter. Moral of the story: listen to your server about beer recommendations; they seriously know their stuff. Onto the food! We ordered gardin(soy) chicken wings with buffalo sauce, chicken nachos, spicy Thai chicken pizza, and seared ahi sashimi. We opted for the gardin because I wanted to boost my soy intake for the day. They were battered perfectly and tasted pretty much like chicken. As they cooled, the tofu side came out more, but I didn't care because I love tofu anyway. The sauce is a really delicious typical buffalo sauce and the ranch was tasty. The chicken nachos were HUGE. The plate had to be close to 2 ft long and it was covered in nachos with all the goods: pico, sour cream, pinto beans, guacamole, cheese, salsa, and chicken. My only complaint about this dish was the chicken. They were pretty large strips and not many of them, which wasn't a bad thing because they were definitely on the chewy side.The seared ahi was alright. I've always loved the sauce on that dish. I can't explain it other than being spicy, refreshing, and a perfect complement to raw fish. However, I found the fish to have some fat or tissue which was hard to cut through and seemed of a lesser standard than what you would find at a sushi joint. Lastly, the spicy Thai chicken pizza. We had to send it back for a different pizza. It was really salty because of the peanut sauce plus all the salty toppings made it salt overload. We replaced it with a pepperoni mushroom which is pretty fail-proof and it was the typical mediocre Yard House pizza with soggy center and all. You know those places that you go to once every 3 months because they have a great environment and service so you forget about how mediocre the food is? I think Yard House is one of those places if you plan on being sober. However, it is excellent for beer and vegetarians!
5	the sliders are very good,service is great i will be back
5	LOVE LOVE LOOOOOVE Yard House!  When we first moved to Vegas (about a year & a half ago) the only one in town was at Town Square - we were STOKED when the one at Red Rock opened up last summer in our neck of the woods!How can you go wrong with amazing food and a fantastic beer selection?  Where else can you get a Young's Double Chocolate Stout and a Leffe, both on tap, at the same place?  I also like that I can try a new beer w/o having to pay for a whole glass.  They do tasters ($2?) that are a few sips, definitely more than a shot.My favorite item on the menu (well - it's actually the ONLY item on the menu I've had, I ordered it my first time there, and can't bring myself to order anything else since) is the Blue Crab Cake Hoagie (hold the bacon) with fresh sliced avocado, tomato, and some really good remoulade/aioli dressing with shoe string fries.  mmm mmm mmm.  My fiance DIES for the rare Ahi Tuna sandwich - again, he ordered it the first time there and can't help but continue to order it every time we go.We're actually planning on going back tonight, because it's hands down our favorite LV restaurant.  L O V E IT!Oh and for my fellow vegetarians out there (yea I eat seafood - sue me), they have a whole section on the menu that they make w/ Gardein products.  While I haven't had any (can't say no to the crab cake) I have friends that have enjoyed it very much!
4	I kind of love this place.  It's a little pricey if you don't hit happy hour, but the food and drinks are consistent.  And I love beer.  I almost always end up eating appetizers here.  The Ahi Poke stack is yummy and so is the grilled artichoke.  The wings are mediocre and should be skipped.  Don't hold a candle to BWW. The truffle fries are delicious.  Although it's a small patio, it's a nice patio.  And I find it pretty freaking awesome that in addition to the microbrews offered, you can find such stand bys as Pyramid Apricot Ale.  I don't care if I am a loser for ordering a Pyramid at YardHouse.  I did it, so there!
4	This place has an impressive tap list. My wife and I were at Red Rock earlier this month and decided to grab a quick drink around 2 in the afternoon. So, we walked in and the place was pretty empty as you might expect on a work day. There was no one at the bar - not a great sign, but ok. We came in and were quickly greeted, given menus and a chance to look. I did not count the number of beers they have on tap, but I stopped looking as soon as I saw Delirium Tremens on tap. I ordered that and wifey had something like Boddington's. Mine was perfect, her's was good. (Boddington's was better.) We didn't order any food as we weren't hungry, but it looks like there is plenty of good choices. I liked this place, but it's clearly part of a chain. It looks and feels like a chain. I tend to like the one off places a little more. Will I be back? Yeah, I will.
4	I like beer. I like light beers, dark beers, imports, domestics, blondes... I don't discriminate. So this place, naturally, is high on my list of places to visit when I feel like a cold one. Except only kinda. My problem is that despite the enormous collection of beers they have, which is an awesome sight, I invariably end up with the same two or three beers. So, what good is 100+ options on tap when I just need three of those? Also, this place being not near my house, how many beers can I really sample when I have to drive back in the hood? Still, this place is kinda cool. I'm always impressed by the amount of beer these guys must to serve on a nightly basis, and I'm impressed by what some of the bartenders seem to know about beers. On more than one occasion I've walked in and said "Surprise me" and gotten a delicious beer. (I've also gotten gross ones, where I drink it because I'm too cheap to waste it). In terms of the food, it was good. It wasn't amazing, nor was it the kind of food you get at your local dive. I had a burger, which was pretty good. My date had a salad, which didn't seem too good from where I was sitting. I wouldn't come here for the food selection, which seems fair given that this place is known for beer over food. All in all, I will return. I will not really go out of my way for this place, but I'll come back when I'm on this side of town.
3	After a night of bowling, clubbing or seeing a movie at the hotel this is a great spot to hit for a late snack or dinner.  I love the spicy jambalaya and make this my go to dish.
5	I love love love yardhouse! I am a vegetarian so most of the time there really aren't  many vegetarian options.  This place has so many options, I have a hard time making up my mind.  The beers are really good too!!  Highly recommend this place, the atmosphere is welcoming and enjoyable. The vegetarian wings are a favorite!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I'm not a beer drinker but I've been here many times over the past year, mainly for the happy hour (half price on appetizers and discounted drinks) and have enjoyed each visit.  If you are a beer lover, this place is for you.  There are over 100 beers from which to choose, all excellent and worthy of serious consideration, according to my husband, a huge beer lover.The food is great and consistently well done.  Menu choices include  ethnic-inspired dishes (Korean short ribs, noodle dishes), burgers, seafood, and steak.  On this visit, I had the turkey burger, which is one of the better ones I've had anywhere.  Even without cheese (I'm allergic to dairy), the burger had loads of flavour and was moist.  The accompanying fries were thinly sliced and abundant.  My husband had the full rack of St. Louis ribs and the meat literally fell off the bone.  Each rib had plenty of meat and the bbq sauce was spicy and tasty.  Hubby's sides were a lovely serving of cilantro infused baked beans and creamed corn, the latter of which featured "a ton of butter and cream" (sayeth the spouse).  We both finished half of our meals and are looking forward to tomorrow's lunch.For dessert, I chose the mini peach-apple cobbler (ice cream on the side and happily consumed by hubby) and it was warm and full of fruit.  The size of the dessert was perfect: just enough to satisfy, not too much to sicken.  :)  Yard House would garner 5 stars from me if the servers displayed consistent service.  Some days, my server is awesome, not too attentive but just enough, courteous and charming, and nailing every dining request I may have.  Other times, I'll see the server two times, the first time to take the order and the second time to bring the cheque.  Today's server was good and would rate an 8.5 (she remembered that my turkey burger was supposed to be cheeseless but forgot to include my garlic aioli sauce on the side).  All in all, overall great food and decent service.  I always have a good time when I go and it's one of my go-to places for a fun time.
3	Now dont get me wrong with the 3 stars....I love the Yardhouse and have been to several both here in Vegas and all over SoCo.The food at the Yardhouse is always right on target all across the menu. I am a total beer snob so the few actual real beers they server are my main  reason for coming here which brings me to my 3 stars.WHERE are the rest of the beers? This location has the smallest selection out of all the locations I have been to...its a disappointment. Most people are like "oohhhhh look at all the beers"..and get the same couple of lame ass beers time and again but I like to swtich it up.The happy hour rocks of course and is only time to go have a few.All in all..I love the Yardhouse..this is just one of their weaker locations.
4	I've been to the Town Square location lots of times. And love it!This was my second visit to the Red Rock location. It's much quieter, doesn't look like a party is going on like the Town Square Yard House.Both restaurants have friendly staff, great atmosphere and a plethora of drinks to be had.My favorite dish is the Miso Glazed Sea Bass. I got it on both visits to The Red Rock locale, the first time it was perfect...this time it was smaller and a bit dry, don't know if it was an off day for them or if their quality has dropped. I'll know next time I go which one is the case. So I'm giving them a pass this time.My husbands favorite is the Pepper Crusted Filet,(I don't blame him, it is delish) this time it was a little dry also.My mom got the Caesar Salad and Clam Chowder...both were average, nothing special about either.No complaints about the drinks though...
3	Amazing selection of beers in a cool place inside Red Rock Casino. Was quoted 30 minute wait but closer to an hour before we were seated. We sat outside on a big table which was great. Ordered Tomato Bisque , Lettuce Wraps for appetizers . No complaints , really very good. Mains were Crab Crusted Swordfish , Turkey Burger & Orange Chicken . The fish was very slightly overcooked & a little chewy , burger was fine and the Orange Chicken was delicious . Full Sail Amber beer was a delight & wifee enjoyed a Chardonnay. Varied crowd included families , couples and groups . Observation; guys wearing  flip-flops , it's not the pool WHY???? I will be back but will try to avoid weekends , wait is too long and should be accurately communicated.
5	Birthday Dinner for my good friend Melissa Chupa...Happy Birthday!!!
4	Went out to dinner with my friends JD and Michele  They chose Yardhouse and I was excited because I had never been before.  When we got there we were told there would be a 25 -30 minute wait although there were plenty of open tables on the patio.  We decided to stay and the 30 minute wait only ended up being like 10 minutes. We were seated and then started checking out the menu. Drinks were in order so we perused the drink menu, Our waiter came up and requested our drink order..::::::MAJOR PROPS:::::::  to our waiter for carding me and Michele- being ::cough::43::cough::  that was quite the ego boost! and JD is kind of a beer connoisseur so he got some fancy schmancy kind of beer which I can't even remember the name of ... I decided on the Pear Cider. Let me just clarify that I  my choice ROCKED! It was light and delicious .. LOVED IT!Michele chose the Raspberry Cider and it was good too.We all ordered and JD chose the southern fried chicken, Michele the parmesan crusted chicken and me ? I chose a turkey club sandwich with french fries. Our meals came , and I was totally sad I did not get the southern fried chicken because it looked amazing!My meal looked amazing too so I really wasn't THAT sad.Michele was sad because he brought her the wrong dish. So she had to wait a little bit, I shared my fries in the mean time.  oh it was also a good reason for another pear cider.  JD ordered an Arrogant Bastard Ale.   Michele's meal finally came and she was excited to dig in, and it was delicious.The portions were large so left overs were even better. All in All a great meal.. just one star down for the wrong meal delivery... Will definitley go back!
3	Food is just OK, awesome beer selection and good happy hour deals plus a reverse happy hour after 10 PM.  If you want awesome steaks spend the extra money and go to T-Bones in Red Rock.Wayne Gorsek
4	Fun place for dinner or happy hour. Really helpful waitress suggested beers we might like to try based on what we told get were our current favorites. Delicious food.
4	Remember what Benjamin Franklin said? He's quoted as saying "Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy." Ol' Ben would have DUG the Yard House. I was staying Red Rock, didn't want to leave the cool atmosphere and met some friends who were locals. The Yard House didn't disappoint. I started salivating at the hundred plus kegs at the entrance. I knew right then and there, I was home. Dig on the sizes of the beers. You can get an eight ounce sampler, a regular pint. or this massive glass. I stuck with the eight ounce and pints and traveled around the world with beer. Japan. Belgium. Australia. The US. Come on, I had to have me some PBR. I'm a Midwestern boy. Service was top notch. Scott was our waiter's name. You know how to tell a good server? They don't talk down to kids. They treat them like customers. And that's what he did. Our kids (who behave in restaurants, yeah, I'm a proud Dad, I gotta give 'em some props) were treated well by Scott. The winner at the table was Jambalaya Pasta. I had entree envy over it. It was perfect. My salad was fresh (I had to offset the beer calories somehow!) and while small, it was good. Tzvi got fish and chips. He always does. He digs it. And he said this was one of the best he's had. This place is perfect if you're at Red Rock, wiped out from swimming, don't want to leave the resort, have kids and want a nice, cold beer. And it was like, 112 degrees that day. Perfect beer drinking weather! Next time I'm in LV, I'll probably be back.
4	I went fro a burger.  The rest of the family ended up with pizza.  Good food, can be  noisy as the gemes were on.  Service was good.
4	Only been to this location of the Yard House and for Happy Hour. Happy Hour is so delish! The drinks are okay. The appetizers are huge portions! Great to hang out with friends. With tvs everywhere for sports watching. Hit and miss with staff...I hope they would be more consistent in paying attention to seating customers. They forget they have to "earn" their tip. But the four stars is for the overall experience.
4	One of the better places to eat and drink in Red Rock.  Quieter with good beers and spirits.  The Korean street tacos are good, as are the onion rings we had.
4	I love the happy hour specials. It has pizza, wings, garlic noodles, sliders, etc... What more do you need to go with a couple beers? I usually come here specifically for the happy hour specials but a few times I've dined here with some friends. The jambalaya is my favorite off their menu. Really good.Gets really busy on the weekends.
3	Angel Hair had too much garlic, but considering that's what it said in the description, it was good. Mashed potatoes were awesome. We waited like 30min. Our waiter was pretty cool and came by to ask how we were doing with our meal a lot.The atmosphere was dark and a little crowded. It was a Saturday night, however. Football games were on every umpteenth HD big screen. Which makes for a great football hangout... I don't like football.
2	Food is good.  Servers are pretty good.  The real problem is with management. Went to watch football on Sunday.  Eric, the manager that day, refused to reset the DirectTV to the 1:00 games, and ignored us until 1:45.  When asked once, he was impolite. At 1:45, he was downright offensive.  He yelled at me in front of my brother, girlfriend and kids.  Inexcusable.
3	Pretty decent food, I was pleasantly surprised. Huge portions on the salads. I mean, huge. For real. Great service. The chicken tortilla soup was thick, way heartier than I expected, but good nonetheless. And fish tacos were good too. The rice and beans? Take it back. I can do better from a can or a box of instant. Oh, btw, my friend got sick and threw up a little later that night, but I'm not sure if it was the food from here cuz I ate the same thing and felt fine.. well, you've been warned!
5	Great food, great drinks, clean, and good customer service.
2	Went there by myself Monday night.  They gave me a table not far from the door where you could feel the cold wind blowing in from the main entrance.  I immediately told the hostess I did not want to sit there, that I might as well sit outside.  At my new table Joseph C took my order and then came back to tell me he was going on a 10 minute break.  My meal was very good, but I quickly ran out of water.  Joseph C finally came back and did get me a refill of water.  Then he disappeared again.  I finally had to walk up to the side station and get my own water.  Another waitress came over and helped me.  She asked if I needed my waiter and I said no, I've been ignored my whole meal, why would I need him now?  So now Joseph C shows up from behind me and asks if I want some more water.  I said no, just the bill.  I love how he brings me the bill from behind so he doesn't have to face me again.  The restaurant was busy, but was well staffed.  I wouldn't show my face either if I had done such a terrible job ignoring one of my guests.  There was no reason to have such poor service.    So overall while the food was great, the front of the house staff really dropped the ball, leaving a bad taste in my mouth.  But with the money I saved on the no tip for Joseph C, I had some great ice cream at Ben & Jerry's.
5	Yardhouse is awesome! Either location is always good food, music, people watching and oh yes...sports!!
4	I came here around 11pm with a friend after partying it up at a wedding nearby. There was a good amount of people, but it wasn't crowded or overly loud considering it was happy hour. We sat at the bar area and ordered Tomato Bisque, sliders, Sea Dog Bluepaw Wild Blueberry, and a Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat. I really love their tomato bisque. It is organic (not a big deal), topped with a fried basil leaf, creamy, and oh soo flavorful. Even though it isn't on the happy hour menu, I always get it because I'm addicted! The Sea Dog Bluepaw Wild Blueberry was pretty good. I'll admit, I don't drink beer very often at all, but once in a while I like to try something new and I was surprised at how much it really tasted like blueberries. It was almost like having blueberry soda with a mild taste of beer. I highly recommend it if you don't really love the taste of beer very much because the blueberries cover it up a lot. The Tangerine Wheat was a little too bitter for my taste (think tangerine peels), but my friend thought it was refreshing. The sliders are a great deal at just under 7 bucks for three sliders and a good amount of fries. I didn't get it this time, but I usually get the Bearnaise sliders. They also have Ahi sliders, but they're a few bucks more.Overall, I had a good experience at this location. It wasn't too noisy or crowded and the service was very fast.
3	I like coming to the yard house with friends. We got the nachos sans green sauce all red sauce, Mac & cheese, garlic crusted chicken, and drinks. I highly recommend the southern punch for you alcoholic drinker types, good stuff. The beers are always good. It never seems to fail we come here when it's slow or we come when it's packed but we always get servers that we have to track down for refills or request.   Servers need to be more vigilant checking on their customers needs. Our waiter was on us to order, checking every minute to see if we were ready, poof then he disappeared. We had to hail down waiters for refills not great for customer service so shame on you yard house for that.. Good job cooks!!
4	This is a classy sports bar and their Happy Hour is very popular with the locals.We got there at 3.30pm and the place was probably 90% full.  By the time we left there was a long line of people waiting to get in.I ordered the Chicken Nachos and the serving size was huge.  It was well presented and it tasted good but the chicken chunks were rubbery and I couldn't get close to finishing it because the meal was that big.  At $5.00 a plate, I'm not going to complain.My partner had the chicken tenders and fries and he was happy with the food.I'd go back to try other items on the Happy Hour Menu.
5	This place is amazing. Just the simple fact that you get all you can imagine on draft and a house full of big screen TVs should put this place on top of any guys list. Me and my girlfriend visit this location at least once a week and the quality is almost identical every time. My favorite beverage is their GREATNESS, Its a combination of Guinness and Lost Coast Great White, Light with a bit a kick YUM :)... The only thing thats a bit on the negative side is the wait time. Weekends it can take up to an hour if not more for them to seat you but at the end the experience is well worth it every time.Thanx Yard House :)
5	Went there for happy hour and dinner and it was great as usual.  The service was great and we were continually checked on but not in that annoying fashion, just quick check ins to make sure we were ok.  The crab and artichoke dip was amazing and I got the turkey cheese melt (or whatever its called) and it was amazing!  The fries aren't to my liking, but they compliment the meal enough.We sat on the patio which was heated since its still January.  It was warm, the beer was cold and the food was great.  What more can you ask for?
5	To keep it short and sweet...I live in the area (for over 10 years) and eat out all of the time.... Busy schedule, always with clients and I can comfortably take any of my clients here. From the t-shirt tech guy to the established elitist.... there is something there for them.I've been everywhere in Summerlin and for price, service, an extensive menu and overall consistency -- Yard House is the best place to go without having to break the bank.The food is always good.... the service is always great. From Business Lunches to Late Night Debauchery -- we always have a good time.The only thing I can think of complaining about after 20+ visits is that sometimes it gets really, really busy and the wait for a table or to even find a couple of places at the bar can be long.... but that's certainly not Yard House's fault. (Open up another one in Summerlin!)An obvious sign of success that some certain other places in the area should take notice of to step up their standards of providing quality food, great service and a great atmosphere for a great price.- Cheers!
5	This was my second visit to the Yard House. The first time we went to the one at Townsquare. It seems to me that the first time I just didn't have a good time or didn't order the right foods, but this time I really loved this place. First of all, we showed up for happy hour which was great. And this review might be a lot a review of their happy hour. My husband had a beer (Hefeweizen Dunkel) and I had a Gin and Tonic. They both were very good and the happy hour prices made me happy. Move on to the food: We ordered three of their appetizers (they were all on their happy hour menu), the Ahi sliders, their traditional bone in wings, and the Hawaii Poke Stake. We really enjoyed all of those things and it really was plenty of food. The wings were actually ordered by my husband, but I ended up eating more than him. He loves his wings soaked in sauce whereas I like mine more dry. These were more on the dry side and super good. The Ahi Sliders came with a medium sized basket of thinly sliced potato fries. They were very good spiced and nice and crunchy. I ate so much of those I was getting almost sick. And the Poke Stake? Oh man, it was delicious. Lesson learned: Always give places a second chance. This time it was really worth it.
5	Thank you Red Rock for the addition of this restaurant.  The food is consistently good, and the service it top notch.  I've only been here twice (and I think twice at the town square location) but each time was excellent.  I'm not a huge sports fan, however I've noticed that this is a great place to catch the big game! Many many tables and enthusiastic sports fanatics...Back to the food! I love the truffle fries.  Love them! The desserts are huge enough to share with more than one person.  Clam Chowder is greattt! Salads are amazing.  I can't think of everything I've eaten here, but I know that its always been great.  I think I could try everything on the menu and like it.  Ohh I had a raspberry beer once, that was good! Excellent food, excellent service, excellent atmosphere!
4	All though this location may be closer to home I still prefer the Town Square location. I have only been here once and the service was sub-par. Come to think of it they messed up my order even when I sent it back once.
3	Usually the only time I ever come here is if I'm waiting for friends to arrive to watch movies and I decide to grab a drink and appetizers or during happy hour.Food: The foods alright, yard house isn't really known for their food mostly for their wide range of beers. I've never eaten and entree but this place is pretty pricey. I usually grab a snack like Shrimp Ceviche or chips salsa and guacamole.Drinks/Beer: Yard house is known for its alcohol, I've never tried one of their specialty drinks but I'm not much of a mixed drink girl. BUT the BEER oh the beer, wow they have a lot to choose from every time I go I try to get something different. They even have yard house craft beers. Customer Service: The service was nice our waitress was sweet but the place was kind of rowdy. Even for afternoons or evenings, so if your planning to have a romantic dinner don't go here. Happy Hour: The happy hour here is pretty decent, its from Monday - Friday 3pm - 6pm Sunday - Wednesday 10pm - Close half off pizza's and appetizers are the best part and the drinks
3	I had Blackened swordfish and hongos con rajas tacos they were both ok just kind of cold when they got to the table and the hongos one would have been better on a corn tortilla;)Hubby had a bacon burger and had no complains. As far as service.. We had to ask for new glasses because they didn't smell clean*~* and we had to pour our own water thank you very much!It felt like we had to wait a little while but maybe it felt longer because we were both a little hungry;)
4	What I enjoy most about this is the food is always good and whether you're up for bar food or something different or even healthy, there's an option.  I haven't sampled the beers but I've never been with anyone that wasn't satisfied with their drinks.  I've always enjoyed their fish selections and my favorite appetizer is the Ahi Poke Stack.  I'm looking forward to enjoying the patio in the summer and this place is always busy but I've never had to wait long for a table.  I suggest this is a great place to meet up with friends for drinks and a menu to satisfy most cravings.
4	They have skinny margaritas now!!! Hurray!! While I believe Yard House has lost it's allure over the past year and is probably only 3* worthy, I'm bumping it up thanks to their low cal drink menu. This Fresh & Skinny menu is fabulous and features several drinks in addition to the skinny margarita, including a lemon drop, a cosmo and a few others. I can tell you the skinny margarita tasted super sweet and the only difference is the missing salt rimmer - which unfortunately just happends to be my favorite part :-(  These drinks are between 115-175 calories. Not bad!The food is average - since I'm a salad kind of girl I can't help but to leave a little disappointed. I'd much rather dine elsewhere, but their happy hour menu is extensive and with all the drink options, it's pretty easy to find a drink and appy for everyone.We used to do happy hour here all the time, now we find ourselves here only once a month, if that.
5	The food here is amazing. I cannot fault it. It's typical pub grub, but with some other variations too. But for me, the real highlight is all the draft beers that have their own menu. Over 100 on tap if memory serves me correctly!If you're ever in this part of Vegas, eating and drinking here is a must!
4	Place is great.  Beer is awesome. It DOES have a menu much like Cheesecake Factory, there is anything you can think of on it.  We sat at the bar had some lunch.  Ordered lettuce wraps to start, they came out with our meal, no biggie.Bartender was attentive and the place was very clean.My only issue with this place is the nutrition.  Unlike Cheesecake they do not have a low-cal section of their menu. I was remiss to find out their Turkey burger, yes turkey, has well over 70 grams of fat.  If you go to their homepage you can find the nutrition facts.  They have several meals with over 100 grams of fat, no kidding!They also have a nice lunch section of more moderately priced items.
4	My daughter loves this place (which is odd, because as a 7 year old, there are places with much better kids menus and really the fruit bar, while healthy really doesn't taste very good.  They recently added ice cream to the kids meal choices to my daughter's delight.)  That said, I have grown to really enjoy this place.  The food is good and unlike boring standards you get from a lot of upscale chains, the Yardhouse features a varied menu with some inspired dishes.  We love the Ahi Poke Stack, the Porcini Crusted Halibut and the Mac and Cheese squared to name a few.  Not everything is a winner and the prices are a bit higher than I wish but for a chain it really excels.  The beers are good too even my wife will try a new beer when we go.  They also have an app which will give you the playlist at the restaurant location and allow you to track the beers you tried.  That gets them a bonus point.  My one complaint is that by nature, it draws the sports crowd and the trendy bar crowd oftne leading to crowding and noise.  But it is a small sacrifice for the enjoyment.
2	My friends and I go here often and everything is usually awesome, so when my family came in town, I figured it'd be the same. Sadly, I was wrong. Our waitress was TERRIBLE. I had this drink a couple weeks ago and loved it, so my sister in law and I ordered one and it sucked, so we asked if we could have something different. Her demeanor immediately changed. "that's why I told you (some ingredient) was in it." I told her I knew, and had already told her I liked it last time, it was just wrong this time. Her attitude sucked after that, everything she said from that point was with a sneer, she was totally condescending, and every time she checked on us after that, she didn't bother to even stop walking while she asked if we were good, and didn't make eye contact with any of us. Sucks, because I totally loved this one before. Still two stars because our food was good, as were our second round of drinks... Just a huge disappointment! Last I checked I was allowed to change my mind, especially if something tastes like shit!
3	Great service.  Awesome decor.  Huge selection of beers.  Food is not the greatest.  I had the bacon cheeseburger with skinny fries.  The burger was burnt and tasteless.  The fries were hard to eat because they were so thin.  I'd rather have steak fries.  Yardhouse is a great place to sample beer, but as a restaurant I'd never go back to eat.
5	Best place to eat in Vegas so far. Fast, friendly wait staff, great selection of beers and drinks. Every time we've eaten here the food has been awesome, whether it was sliders, monk fish, soup, or tacos. Love it.
4	So many delicious beers! Food is done well, but nothing exceptional. Can be very crowded and noisy with kids.
3	It was time to use some of those points I've been accumulating, so we decided to go to Red Rock for a nearby dinner at the Yard House - and also get in my last nights donations to the casino before my exile to New Jersey.It was pretty crowded for a Tuesday night, so it was loud.  Very loud.  I'm not a big fan of loud restaurants, and this was no different from the Yard House in Town Square.  It didn't help that there was a huge table of guys right next to us; it was better after they left, but just a tad.I had the Blue Crab Cake Hoagie, which came with bacon, avocado, swiss and tomato, with a cajun aioli.  I remembered to ask the waitress if the crab cake was mostly filler, but forgot to ask if it was fried.  So of course, it was.  Deep fried crab cakes - just the thing to stick between two big hunks of break.  I have to admit I liked the crab cakes a lot - I just don't like to eat fried food.  But the bread, which I expected to be crisp 'cause it was toasted, was woefully soft.My husband had the Parmesan Crusted Chicken Entree, which came with garlic mashed.  He liked it just fine.Service was good, but overall, I'm not quite sure why this place is so popular.  It must have something to do with me not being a beer drinker!
4	I have been going here a lot lately. Here is my take. This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas. There is a ton of beers on tap & the menu is one of the fanciest & most diverse, that I have ever seen in a bar. I am not saying that this is the best restaurant, even though it is better than most. In  the Red Rock Casino, there are many places to eat, for the price, this is one of the best & better than the Cafe by a wide margin. The downside: Yes, it is loud. It is not a good place to bring kids. During peak hours, you may have to wait to get a table. They only have shoe string French Fries. Portion size is on the smaller side.The Pluses: Great menu. BEERS! Very friendly, attractive staff. Open later than most of the Red Rock other restaurants. Not packed with kids like BJ's Brewery across the street. Reasonable prices, for the quality of food that they serve. Fast service.
5	It's my favorite!  Coming from Ft. Collins, CO- capital of the microbrew, I can get just about anything I want here.  Service is wonderful, can't be half off appetizers and the kids menu is great AND entertaining!
4	Yes, it's a chain.  I love being able to get a Duval on tap OR a great glass of New Zealand Souvignon Blanc with their delicious Tuna Poke.  I'd eat the Tuna Poke every day!  The chicken lettuce wraps are fantastic but the mushroom lettuce wraps are BETTER!  I wish they would mix them.  I LOVE the Yard House, it's consistently good, you know you can get a GREAT Beer and they have a good wine selection as well.  The food has something for everyone and I don't feel like I'm eating bar food.  BUILD ONE IN AWESOMETOWN.
3	I would give this location four stars for the beer, food and service but the hostess stand easily drops my review to three stars. The first impression is important. It sets the mood for the rest of meal and I did not have a good first impression.I arrived here around 7ish on Friday night with a party of four. Being prime time for dinner we went into this outing expecting to wait. I got my pager and was told it would be about 35 minutes. 25 minutes later my pager went off and when I arrived at the hostess stand I was told that I no longer had a table. She said that I was paged 6 minutes ago and she already gave my table away. In don't think 6 minutes is a terribly long time to hold a table. Especially when the restaurant is attached to a casino. I would expect them to give people an extra few minutes to cash out. Isn't that the point of giving people a pager, so they don't have to stay within earshot of the hostess stand? Anyway, not such a big deal. As I said I expected to have a wait. However, there were 2 open four tops and a booth. So after standing near the hostess for about 3 minutes I asked for one of those tables. I get that it took me 6 minutes and my original table was no longer available, but what about the three other open tables? So she actually rolled her eyes, handed me a stack of menus and we seated ourselves.Ok, fast forward a few minutes to cold drafts, an order of sweet potato fries with bacon dipping sauce and very prompt and courteous service. Once we were finally seated everything was as it should be. We enjoyed great service and good food. My favorite item was the organic tomato and basil bisque. It was so creamy and flavorful. It would make a good meal for lunch all by itself. There is an extensive menu to chose from and that goes for the food and the drinks. Despite my hostess ordeal, I would recommend this place for a fun night out if you enjoy good beer.
3	Great happy hour, thats for sure. It will keep me coming back! Beer selection is AMAZING. I'd steer clear from any "signature cocktails" because everything they use "dekyuper" in everything which 1) makes everything overly sweet 2) clearly these drinks are overpriced. Most cocktails tasted like Four Loko, so why not drink the Four Loko at a cheap price and really have an 'experience'Food is mediocre but its easy to bring a group of people here because, just like the beer, they have a little something for everyone. Artichoke and Wings were delicious.Service is always a little slow. My bartender seemed a little confused and scatterbrained. Its Sunday and its not even busy. The other bartender did not even acknowledge my presence. But the barback was very attentive on how he could actually help in any way possible.Our Halibut and Filet were literally drowned in sauce, so I'd recommend sauce on the side. Wedge salad was good, but we had an up-charge for bacon! Wedge salad standard is wedge, bacon, bleu cheese. Simple. Its like charging me extra for my bacon on a bacon cheeseburger! When we sat at the table, the girl was incessantly hovering over us. I get it, you are there. We are also a table of four- two couples who are clearly just trying to have a relaxed dinner. Its not busy and I know I'm not taking up your table! Give me some space, please!All in all, its not bad. Always consistent so you know what to expect. Mediocre food and great beer. I'll be back, not sure when, but I'll be back.Side note- We tried to watch a hockey game that was clearly playing at Sports Booking next door, but they couldn't play it here. If you have that many TVs, invest in some NHL/NFL/NBA packages. Yard House has the potential for a great sports bar, and we all know Summerlin needs a good sports bar and if you played every game, every time, I'd be here all day everyday.
4	Having lived most of my life Southern California where the Yard House an institution I know what to expect when dining here. There menu is always changing, so if you are a regular you can always find something different to try.I frequently do staycations at RedRock Casino and my friend and I were very happen to see the Yard House had taken up residence here.As always, before I even order a drink or open a menu I place an order for the onion ring tower. It is a must have for every visit. We decided to also go with the Seared Ahi Sashimi which was very good as well.We ordered the Chopped Salad, which was ok. Pesido at the district chopped salad is still my favorite.  We also has an order of boneless chicken wings that will now be apart of my onion ring tower order when I return.My friend ordered the Surf & Turf burger which I tried and really liked.As far as everything else goes... The service was excellent as always and the food came out very fast.
4	Was at the Red Rock for a conference.  Good food, good happy hour, good beer, good service.  Done.
4	Had the famous Mac and cheese "lunch portion" thank goodness....it was definitely more then enough.
4	I've been to the Yard House outside of Chicago and generally speaking would not prefer a chain, especially on vacation or business.  But sometimes, you just want casual reliable food and I knew this place would fit the bill.  It did not disappoint.I was at the Red Rock Resort and Spa on business with a free night.  I met up with three fellow travelling business associates.  The waitress gave us no trouble for seperate and itemized bills.  I had the tuna salad and a very yummy old fashioned.  $30 and yummy.  Perfect.
4	I love everything I have ever tried at YardHouse. The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is because they no longer serve Lindemans Framboise, my favorite. For food I would recommend the Spicy Tuna Roll, Garlic Noodles, Chicken Enchilada Stack, Turkey Burger Sliders, Lobster and Crab dip and I can go on forever.  I've never tried it, but I hear their Mac and Cheese is amazing. Their food is delicious and they have an extensive beer selection. They also have a great happy hour!
3	A fun place to grab a brew and a burger, of that there is no doubt.  The beer menu is worth the trip.  Whether you like a fruity blueberry brew or a manly dark, rich stout... this place has you covered.   The food on the other hand is nothing that tasty.This place is TGI McFunster, with a better beer menu.  That's not really a complaint, just a note.  I love the beers!  I really do.  And there is nothing wrong with a big chain restaurant burger or chicken fingers.  Just don't come expecting more than that.The menu is too big for any decent kitchen to put out.  Expect mass produced entrees with plenty of frozen and deep fried boredom.  I know what you are going to say.... they have a Vegetarian menu... they have exotic dishes.  Well  I am forever unimpressed with these special menus. Remember the ingredients here are falling off the same US Foods or Sysco truck as the burgers.  There is no brilliant young chef in the back struggling to express himself with his unique cuisine.  These are corporate recipes on menus meant to suck the dollars from your wallet.  In the end, they probably hope you drink enough beer to forget the food.  So don't kid yourself into believing that the ingredients are anything extraordinary.  On the good side...  the food is not bad and the beer is noteworthy.  In proper combination this can result in a nice, fun dinner.  If that is your expectation... you are in luck.  I like this place, but I just don't see it as anything particularly unique or special.   Welcome America to yet another TGI McFunster Exotic Brew Garden and Neighberhood-like pub.
4	Although I'm not a big beer aficionado, I've always liked Yard House.  They have an expansive menu (including beer menu, of course), and generally friendly service.  Our experience last night was a good one.  We ordered firecracker wings, hummus, and spinach dip.  Everything was tasty, and the service was very good.  The highlight of the night?  Beer floats!  Yup, who knew beer + ice cream = awesome.  Yard House offers a double chocolate stout with vanilla ice cream and a raspberry framboise with vanilla ice cream.  I tried both.  The chocolate stout really has a strong cocoa note and nice depth.  Really yummy stuff.  I have a serious sweet tooth, so I loved the framboise with the vanilla ice cream.  That beer is delicious and redolent of raspberry fruitiness.  If you haven't had a beer float before, I'd encourage you to try this for dessert!
2	Like always the service is great but today the food wander so great the street taco is good but is not a street taco, no salsa, no lime and flour tortillas nooo for carnitas tacos is corn, the top sirloin was great the flavor but wasn't hot just warm the ribs with no flavor like use to be why? I don't know but today the kitchen don't do a good job, sorry
3	Helpful and accommodating staff, decent food, HUGE place.  I really like that they have an outdoor patio to enjoy a cold beer on a hot summer night.
3	Went there on a Saturday night and the wait was to be 45 minutes, but it was over an hour before we were seated.  The food was fine, no complaints or problems, and the service was acceptable - but the noise & crowds were beyond bad.  There were four of us and it was only possible to talk to a person on either side of you because you could lean over and yell to them - couldn't yell loud enough to the 4th person across the table.So, unless you're dining with someone who you don't want to actually talk to, I wouldn't recommend this place on a Saturday night ;)
4	I use to live and work about five minutes from here.  Amazing beer selection, I think I probably got around to trying a third of them before moving to AZ, where I also happen to live about 10 minutes from a yard house.  Loved its location connected to the Red Rock Casino allowed for a great way to start a weekend. Food is overall real good.  Bar is beautiful and staff is awesome.  My only negatives are it can get quite noisy if you're trying to hang out with people and even at happy hour their prices are a bit high.  But your paying for selection and quality I suppose.
4	I came here for a couple drinks and appetizers with a group of people while staying at the Red Rock.  If you like beer and enjoy trying different types of beer, then this is the place for you.  The beer list on draft is quite extensive and good.  Our waitress was very nice and knowledgable.  I had the sweet potato fries appetizer with maple bacon dipping sauce, and it was delicious.  The fries were perfectly fried and the sauce was an interesting combination with the sweet potato.  I recommend it.  This place was a good choice.
2	We came on a Tuesday night a few weeks ago, with vegan/vegetarian friends visiting from out of town. Their "gardein menu" items are all cooked on the same flat top and in the same oil as all the meat, as the waitress informed us. The hostess also seated us at a table near the bar, next to a 12 top of extremely drunk and loud women. I asked her to reseat us at a booth and she flat out said no. We asked for the check after the drinks as our friends were disgusted at the thought of consuming meat juices. The waitress practically threw the check at us and stormed off. Luckily when I complained on twitter about the whole incident, a woman from the yardhouse corporate office did her best to rectify the bad experience. We may be back with non-veg friends...
3	Nice place. Nice staff. Crab cake sandwich...not so nice. It was mush.  Soup was very good.
5	Customer service is OUTSTANDING! after a complaint, The Yardhouse pulled out all the stops, and to top it off, I had an absolutely superior meal.Strongly recommend the Yardhouse..........Thanks Kristie and Carrie! This will be my goto place in Vegas from now on.
4	Been to the Red Rock location twice so far. Food and service have been very good both times. A little crowded and noisy but that comes with success.Nice place for lunch or dinner and to take a date.
4	The vibe of this place is nice - we got a table and ordered some beers and appetizers.  The coconut prawns were outstanding.  We then ordered some salads.  Beers were good.  Service here is outstanding and so nice and friendly.   The noise level was good - happy, lively but we were able to easily carry on our conversations are well.   Prices are good too.  Definitely a place to return to again and again - so many more things to try....can't wait.
3	Yardhouse is a great all american sports bar / restaurant.. Yardhouse kinda reminds me of an upscale applebees but way better!They have hundreds of beer selections.They also have a great happy hour where appetizer's are half off from 4-6pm and in the evening 9-closeThe only part i did not like about this place was they did not take reservations. A person like me who hates to wait because I lack the luxury of free time m would like to make reservations.Overall the staff is friendly and their food is good.This place is LOUD and it is hard to talk with other people without scremaing.So if your dining here make sure your ready to scream you conversations..We had the spinach and artichoke dip which was so freaking good and their poke, lettuce wraps and their bbq chicken salad.. 4 people actually shares all this asian style and made us all full.. If your into sharing and tasting all kinds of foods i suggest ordering appetizer's or sharing your entrees..  It's a great way for everyone to taste the food..
4	Sunday afternoon and I was headed to Red Rock to meet a friend for a movie(Bourne Element- 3/5 Stars) and wanted to grab some lunch beforehand. I had been here twice before and enjoyed it so no surprise is again proved to be a solid choice. I arrived a bit early but didn't feel like sitting at the bar so I just loitered around the empty waiting area which may have been a slight annoyance to the hostess girls, perhaps interrupting a run down of Saturday night's activities? They were nice though and tried to act unaffected.  When my friend arrived were were seated promptly in a booth, which I requested(no prob)  Immediate service netted us an ice cold Stone IPA(me) and some tasty cider-ish thing(her)...yum. I ordered a Pastrami sandwich and salad from their build it yourself combo lunch special.($10) and it was quite good. Tasty, juicy pastrami on a half sized fresh deli roll with mustard and pickles and a nice garden salad pre-dressed nicely, not too dry, not too wet. My friend's salad looked good and we were both pleased headed out for some mindless entertainment. Always solid, this is a consistent, convenient  and comfortable spot with a fantastic selection of beer and solid food to boot.
5	I've been to Yardhouse during happy hour and regular hours! I personally would rather go during happy hour, prices are of course cheaper and they give generous portions. I've ordered three to four plates during happy hour and it cost around 20 dollars! Now during their regular hours I've spent 50 dollars on four plates. Sitting inside the restaurant can be very loud, I've found myself yelling across the table so my friend could hear me. Outside seating wasn't as loud but since it's Vegas it is hot! Customer service is great! They're always nice and I love how they check up on you!
5	No complaints! Everything is always delicious, not too long of waits on service
1	My wife and I went to go have dinner on 8/21/2012 around 6:30 p.m.  They were not that busy but after Lauren the "hostess" took our request for a table for two inside she asked us to sit down.  Three other parties came in and were seated before us (they were not asked to sit down).  My wife and I observed this and my wife asked Lauren when our table would be ready.  Lauren asked her how many was her party for again and did we want to sit inside or outside.  Really did not make us feel that the Yardhouse was interested in our business so we went elsewhere and let the manager know on our way out why we were leaving.  He (did not catch the manager's name) wanted to know how many were in our party and he would get us a table right away.  Apparently you do not have to count past one to work at the Yardhouse and need to give your party size more than three times.  This local is not going back.
4	I've been back here a handful of times since I last reviewed Yard House and in that time they have definitely earned another star from me. From walking in the door and waiting to be seated to paying the bill and getting my to-go box the service has been great. Even when they are slammed and I have to wait for a table the staff has taken good care of us.We are big fans of the variety of beer on tap and the lobster garlic noodles are a staple at my table. I usually visit with a variety of people with different beer preferences and they offer something for everyone at the bar. My server, Jerri, also did a good job of making some drink reccommendations after we found out that they were actually out of one of the brews on the menu. I've ordered the seared sea scallops and orzo pasta with wild mushrooms and white truffle sun-dried tomato sauce twice. The first time it was really good, which is why I ordered it again. The second round was just ok. Not as good as I remembered it. The sea bass is pretty good and I really like the organic tomato and basil bisque. The bisque is consistent, you can't go wrong. I will be back soon and I will order it again.
4	Sometimes you take a Bikram yoga class, almost die, and then need respite. Sometimes you sweat out all the toxins out of your body and then immediately go put things way worse than you have been eating for a long time back into your body because you were just in an oven for 90 minutes trying to contort your body. Sometimes you go to Yard House because your friend has a gift certificate and all you want is nachos. Yes, I took a Bikram yoga class and replenished my body by not drinking a protein shake or eating something with nutritional value but by coming to Yard House and ordering a cider and happy hour nachos. I'm cool. The nachos were delicious and I usually am not a big meat eater but I snarfed the chicken nachos like it was my last meal on earth, and since I was coming from Bikram, Satan could have been coming for me, I'll never know. One complaint: flat, gross cider. I know it's not that popular of a drink but you gotta change out that keg. It was alright though--it forced me to drink water instead of alcohol in my deflated post-Bikram state. All in all, I would not recommend nullifying your workout by eating here, but it was delicious and I don't regret it one ounce.
4	The mac and cheese and the ginger gin drink was great. My wife didn't like whatever chicken dish she ordered but we'll be back.
2	I have been to this location several times.  Each time the service is poor and the food is no better.  They have a great selection of beers on tap, but that is about it.
4	If you are a beer lover this is the place to go! they have a large selection of beers...If you like a light and easy beer you can't go wrong with the Kona Longboard. They also have happy Hour special on appetizers from Monday - Friday 3pm - 6pm  and Sunday - Wednesday 10pm - Close
4	Food is awesome but now that I'm on a diet it's really hard to go there with my friends so I checked their menu nutritional information before going there. OMG it's crazy! Even their fish and rice plate has more than a thousand calories!!! I just skipped appetizers and had a small green salad with turkey burguer (they have whole whaet buns but I skipped that too)The turkey burguer was AMAZING, so yummy! It's a bit expensive if you want to drink there but everything else is great!
4	I'm the type of guy that almost gives The Yard House 5 stars on the beer alone.  There is no other game in town that comes close to their variety...and so many truly great selections on tap!The beer selection literally pleases everyone regardless of what you're looking for!...of course they have too many American Lagers...but they also have as many Belgium Whites and IPA's!One of my favorite bar pairings is at the YD.  I am so fond of the Bearnaise Sliders with a Big Sky Moose Drool.  It is not my favorite beer on the menu by far, but together they make sweet X-Rated magic in my mouth!I really enjoy the Hawaiian Poke, the Mac-N-Cheese, the Enchilada Stack, and the Vegan "Boneless" Wings.  They have several other staples as well though.  You have to try to pick out something that isn't downright good!
4	Good service, Good food, Good beer!
4	Amazing Beer selection! Try the Peroni on tap! Good service too! Always busy after work and weekends though!
3	If I were drinking, this place would probably rate as a 5 star.  And the food was done pretty well..... except for the fact that... well... it was done... pretty... well.The calamari came out looking like either they were re-using oil or they had left it in the oil too long.   You don't fry calamari like fries where if they're a little too golden, it's okay.  Strangely enough, I tried their famous Mac & Cheese squared.... and it was great, except... it was a little over done too.  Strange.Now I might update my review of them later since their service although good, was a bit inattentive at times, and it was crowded beyond belief.  Probably due to the Luke Bryan concert going on at the Red Rock that night.  Yeah yeah, I know.  I was like... Luke who? (some country singer for those that don't know).  Hey... what can I say, I'm not a huge fan of country.So the drop in stars really comes from the food side and a little bit on the service end since the beer selection was great and that actually came out in a timely fashion.Here's to hoping that next time, the food is done right.
5	I have eaten at this Yard House 3 times now because of the location.  I really love their Surf and Turf burger!  It does get very busy and I'm not a fan of restaurants who crank the music up so loud, you have trouble hearing the person across the table from you.  That said, service is always top notch and they have been accomodating because I need a slight modification to the meal.  However, last night my burger arrived with the cheese I specifically requested be left off (can't do dairy).  I flagged our waitress, Lindsay, down and she was very apologetic and said she would have it redone.  She stopped by to let me know it was in the works.  The general manager, James, also stopped by to apologize and ensure me that it was being taken care of.  Although I was disappointed about another wait, I was very happy with how they were responding.  The burger finally arrived, it was perfect!  Lindsay stopped by to make sure I was happy and then James came by to make sure it was done right and then told me since I had to wait so long, he would comp my meal!  I would have been happy to pay for it just based on their great service.  I felt that this was above and beyond what they needed to do but was very appreciative.  Thank you, James and Lindsay, for making my day!
3	I've been to the Yard House a few time but this was the first time since I found out that the menu offered Gardein selections.  I'll breakdown our experience chronologically for fun.  We were seated and given our HUGE menus.  Seriously, they are huge, the size of a photo book, half of it listing the drinks.  We carefully reviewed the Gardein and other vegetarian and vegan options before I decided on the Firecracker Gardein Buffalo Wings and an order of Truffle Fries minus the Parmesan.  BF ordered the vegetarian mushroom and pepper street taco plater.  I ordered their house Blonde and he ordered the Sam Adams Octoberfest beer.Beverages were delivered right away, but his was not correct.  A few minutes to get our server's attention for a correction but soon enough, the Octoberfest made its way to the table.  Shortly after that, the Buffalo Wings, Street Tacos & Truffle Fries are delivered and we are both dissappointed (but not surprised) by the small size of portions verses the large prices charged for them.  Truffle Fries - pretty good.  Served warm, nice seasoning, small hint of truffle oil and without the Parmesan as requested.Tacos - okay.  A few vegetables grilled on a flat top served on a 4 or 5 inch corn tortilla (seriously the smallest at the grocery store is 6 inches, can't that be the normal?) sloppily sprinkled with queso fresco.  Served with a scoop of rice that appeared to be seasoned but tasted blah and a small dish of undrained pinto beans topped with cheese.  Save the additional $2 or $3 dollars for the rice & beans and order the tacos ala carte.Buffalo Wings - fried goodness.  The coating was a nice balance to the chick'n inside and the sauce was flavorful.  Although, I'm not positive that I had the Firecracker sauce, rather than just a sweet tasting one.  It was not spicy at all.  Our server stepped away on break, but introduced us to her colleague but then we got thirsty.  Beverages were empty, several sightings of replacement server without inquiry about another round.  Stopped eating food so we could order another beverage but it took several more minutes.  Received another round, but wanted to get the check since the food prices were high and the beers were $6.50 each!  Can't afford to stay too long on those prices.  The check had the incorrect beer on it plus the 2 we each consumed.  Flagged down our server, and before I could say anything about the check, beer, extra charge, etc., she made mention of the extra beer and went to correct the check.  So...is that standard practice?  Not to remove a mistake and hope the guest does not review the bill?  Maybe she was psychic?  Sketchy.$55.08 plus tip and that was all our wallets could stand.  Even if we never return I do not expect the Yard House's bottom line to be hurt, The place was super busy and was not slowing down as it approached dinner time.
1	Being a Las Vegas local, we have been to Yard House several times.  We usually go to the location on Las Vegas Blvd, but we had some family in town so we thought we would try the Red Rock location.  Needless to say the service was sooo horrible last night, my family and I will never be back to Yard House in the future.  Which is disappointing since we really enjoy the food & the atmosphere is nice.  Las Vegas is a service industry town, so you expect to get at least decent service... especially with soo many restaurant options.I would not recommend anyone go to the Red Rock location.  We had a party of 8 so I understand sometimes there are challenges with larger parties but waiting an hour & a half just to get our food is a bit ridiculous.  Our beverages were empty most of the night, our server never checked on us and not once acknowledged the fact that we had waited sooo long to get our food.  We would try to get her attention and she would walk past us.  When our food finally did arrive, we had asked for a few items such as refills on beers & drinks as well as something simple like tarter sauce for the fish & chips... which our server never brought us.  At the end of the night we mentioned how unpleasant the service was to the manager and he didn't seem to care.  I guess they are not too concerned with making their customers happy.  This was by far the worst service I have EVER had.  Very unacceptable.
2	Decent tasting food, with the exception of the fries, that arrived lukewarm, it was the music that ruined our evening.  Early dining on a Wednesday and the only person you could talk with was the person sitting right next to you.  If you were sitting in a booth and were the farthest from the server, you could not hear what they were saying.....and when I mentioned to him I could not hear anything he said because of the music AND pointed to the speakers, he just smiled.  I'm assuming he could not hear me either.  I guess if you are eating alone and enjoy LOUD music, this is the place to go.
4	Like what other Yelpers stated already...loud and crowded.  Tough to hold a conversation unless you're at the bar or their patio dining. Always a wait everytime I've been here.  The last 2 times, I ate outside.  But sometimes you can be forgotten.Now for the food...tough to rate them any different than a BJ's or Gordon Biersch.  I don't know what it is, but their food taste the same.  There is a selection here so you will have no issue finding what to eat.  I usually just get the salmon which is tough for anyone to mess up.  Usually go to a Yard House to socialize more than anything.  Price is little above a BJ's, but cheaper than a Cheesecake Factory.
4	Great service, great beer selection. Server was wonderful, spinach dip was awesome! Prices are reasonable and the vegetarian options are superb!
4	We went back again and the food was pretty good but I have to admit I'm pretty disappointed in the menu change. We've always wanted to try the chicken pot pie since everyone we know raved about it only to find out it was no longer offered. They did have a new salted caramel dessert that was extremely good though.
2	I'm a regular at the Yardhouses and was doing some work in the Northeast end of town today where the food choices and security are not good, so I drove all the way over here to have lunch.  Asked to sit on the patio and expected to be seated at one of the empty two-tops with somewhat of a view albeit the parking lot.  Hostess took me somewhere else and I asked if I could sit at one of the empty two tops.  She had to make me stand there while she went back to the desk to see if it was okay.  When she came back she basically told me no, because there was no server assigned to that area....but there were people seated within 6 feet on each side of where I wanted to sit! So, I asked why one of the servers handling those people couldn't handle one lone diner sitting within 6 feet!?! The moment she started to argue with me, I walked out.  Stupid and never should have happened.  Poor customer service and a lack of hospitality training. Will spend my money elsewhere today.
3	Ate there last week, kind of high priced for the fare we ordered. I had the petite steak, they were right. Did not mind the small steak, but the sides were small & not creative, should have a potato, steamed veggies, or brown rice, for this dish.
3	Food is only okay, cheap bar food. The real advantage to this place is the drinks. If it weren't for the Yard House I'd have never found ciders, which I love.Steaks are not grass-fed, foods are made with low quality oils, chicken is alright. Not paleo at all, even if you try.
5	Our food was great and we had a nice server. She helped us decide drinks and food selection.There portions are always big so we left full to go watch a movie. We didn't even have to hit the concession stand up.
2	The beer selection is great. The food is good. However there is a problem. You go to the bar, and ask for a beer. Before the bartender even makes a move to get it, he demands payment! Cash or credit, and if its credit card, he demands that they keep your card behind the bar!When you point out that you haven't even had a sip yet, and they are demanding payment in full , they say its their policy.At any other (non corporate) bar, this would be the height of insulting unfriendliness. In addition, most cards have high limits (I think mine is 20k) . So if I were a thief, they would be on the hook for a few beers, but if anyone in their bar is dishonest, I'm on the hook for 20k!Whom is working for whom here? And why am I being treated like a thief?
5	This is my favorite place to go for happy hour after work and to catch the game.  I love the chicken strips and the beer selections are great.
5	Was invited to this place by a friend of mine and I enjoyed it a lot. Now, I am not much of a beer drinker, but this place carried some of the most diverse drink menus I have ever seen. Not only did they have a large selection of conventional beers, but they also carry rare flavors such as honey tangerine, blueberry brew and chocolate... all of which were tasty and refreshing. Don't know much about beer? Have no fear! Their staff seemed welcoming to all our questions and recommended some great beers based on what our preferences were. After having a few cold ones you can enjoy some of their awesome appetizers. We got the chicken nachos and they were delicious and their portions were huge. I will definitely return to this place next time I am in the mood to hang out with friends and get drinks.
4	This is mainly a review for dirt bag climbers who go to Red Rocks Canyon to get their winter trad rock climbing fix. I could really give a rat's ass about Las Vegas gambling and tourist culture. The rub of making a climbing trip to Las Vegas is, well, Las Vegas: a dearth of decent beer selections, overpriced food, the dreaded strip. I was explaining all of this to a local climbing out at Red Rocks, explaining apologetically that my girlfriend and I were from Portland, and thus we were insufferable beer snobs. This local fellow, a guy named Adam, told us to go to the Yard House, explaining that it had the largest draft selection on earth. I'm not sure if this is true, but they clearly have well over 100 taps, including a full section of their menu devoted to "piny, citrusy, hoppy IPA". Hello! Furthermore, it's right outside of Red Rocks on your drive back to Vegas.At any rate, we stopped by after a day of climbing and discovered that happy hour is from 3 - 6 daily, and that their normally rather overpriced pints ($7+) were a more reasonable $5. Stone Ruination double IPA worked for me. More importantly, select appetizers are half off. I ordered Chicken Nachos for $6, expecting, well, and appetizer sized portion. What I recieved was a MASSIVE platter of nachos. Well more than I could eat by myself. My girldfriend ordered spinach cheese dip and chips, which was equally huge. We returned here daily for a few pints and shared an order of the chicken nachos--which was more than an ample meal for the two of us. Dinner for $3 a head? In Vegas (well okay, Sommerlin really)? Awesome.Dirt bags, this is your cheap post climb dinner destination. It get's kind of packed for happy hour, but you really can't beat the beer selection and the prices. And while it is at a casino, it's not really 'in' a casino. There is outside access from the parking lot, so you can avoid the sea of chain smoking slot machine slaves.
3	If you're looking for a good beer selection, come here. They have 110 draft beers to choose from, including their own specialty brands.  The display of beers is pretty amazing. Overall they are basically your regular bar food kind of place, but the boneless wings were really good. It looked like they served fairly LARGE portions so be cautious of how much food you order!!  The couple next to us ordered nachos, wings and onion rings and it could have fed a family of six!!
3	Still enjoy the food here and that they donate free kids meals to the schools to give out with awards.  However, check your change closely. The other night one of the waitresses kept .33 cents change (total bill $19.67, gave a hundred and got 80 back.).  This is stealing.  It also forces you to alter your tip amount to give either a low tip or a high tip as the change can make the difference between 10% and 18% on a low bill like this one.  Not to mention for people like me who give the change to my daughter to save in her bank, it is very disappointing.  Word to the wait staff here.  You don't have a right to receive a tip, it is up to the customer to determine if you earned one and how much.  I usually give 20% or more but next time, if you take my change, that is your choice of what tip you deserve and I will not give you any more..
4	Happy hour (4-6 and 10-12)  brings a discount to over 100 different draft beer and 1/2 off a nice variety of food.  The best is they have Gardein products which can turn almost any dish into a vegetarian dream.  I go for the veggie 'chicken' wings and the Thai-style pizza.
4	First off, you can get to this place without setting foot inside the casino. That's always a plus for me.Secondly, they have beer....lots of it. If it's overwhelming to you, ask the bartender and they'll always suggest something to try.Food is tasty and presented nicely. I typically get a sandwich. I'm a sandwich connoisseur, and they make a mean roast beef on garlic toast that is always tasty. My girlfriend says the grilled cheese is the best ever. Not the kid style, American cheese between two pieces of Wonder bread, but 3 kinds of cheese melted between artisan bread served with a tomato bisque that is quite tasty too. A classic combo.
2	I still fail to see the Appeal of Yard House...Good idea; poorly executed Not to cut and paste my review of the Town Square location, but they are really no different. This location just seems to have worse service; numerous errors, long waits for items, unapologetically uncaring servers...Wrong items, spilled beers, check errors with a long wait to have corrected...So...They have a lot of beer. Otherwise, it's pretty much Chilis or Applebees... with lots of beer. Yard House is a beer bar for the non-creative.The list is impressive. They have some neat stuff and the 6 pack samplers change regularly. The food is good, but I can't tell if it's microwaved, so that's almost as bad as being microwaved.A mix list provides clever names for the combos you already know and love. The servers are generally pleasant and helpful and have, at the very least, remembered the scripts for various beer questions that may arise.It is good, not for everyone, but sometime for me.If you are in the area to kill time, stop in, have 2 beers and see how you feel about the atmosphere and the selection.
3	I live and work very close to this Yard House, so it turns into the go-to place for lunch, last minute dinner, or just want a drink. My two favorite dishes are:- Classic Cheese Burger, protein style with sweet potato fires- Chicken Enchilada StackThe best part about Yard House is the huge selection of beers. They have something for everyone!
5	The Gardien Menu is the best!!! I love the sliders with no cheese and no special sauce.  I also love the boneless wings, garlic & shitake noodles with no chesse, margarita pizza with no cheese.... I just love the whole Gardein Menu...especially during happy hour!!  Great for vegetarians and vegans :)
4	Great place for drinks and food.  Extensive beer collection coupled with a great menu of munches I love the sushi related saplings they have a. Spicy tuna roll that will rock your socks off !  I live the framboise beers sweet and tasty!  Service is focused on the upsale which I really didn't like and left early because of , whatever I know they are busy.  Bar area was swamped and singles mingling for fun and atmosphere.   Location on west side makes it great for the Summerlin crowd.  Remember they have one at town square too!
4	Good food and great drinks. Can be on the expensive side but the happy hour helps ease the pain on your wallet. I love going. Always great service. They also have the best green tea I've ever tasted in my life. I'd just go for that in all honesty.
4	After a short hike this morning at Calico Tanks, my friends and I decided to come to Yard House in Red Rock for lunch.  I've been to the Yard House in Town square, so I know what kinds of food options they have.  I typically visit the Yard House for their happy hour specials, so this lunch was going to be kind of a new experience.  One thing I've noticed about this location is that it's much bigger than the Town square location.  It was super busy, yet we got sat super fast which was a plus.  Our server was super attentive and really tried her best to engage with our party.  I really liked her personality, I wish I had remembered her name, though.  Blonde hair, maybe Breanne.  She was super awesome, whoever she was.For lunch, I started with the Cupcake Sauvignon Blanc for $8.00.  As stated on the menu, it's from the Marlborough, New Zealand region.  I just started drinking Sauvignon Blanc recently and I thought this glass was a little to dry for my taste.  I probably should have just stuck to the Pinot Grigio I was thinking of getting.  Ecco Domani Pinot Grigio is usually a great glass, but that's what I get for trying something new. For my entree, I got the half sandwich and cup of soup lunch special for a little less than $10.  I also added a bowl of shoe string french fries for an extra $1.80.  The half sandwich I chose was the grilled pastrami sandwich on a toasted sub bun.  The pastrami was a little tangy and was accompanied with mayo.  The bottom of the sandwich was lined with jalapenos.  Not spicy at all, I think they may have been grilled.  This sandwich was great!  As for the soup, I decided to get the clam chowder.  The day was a little brisk so I thought it was a good decision.  I didn't necessarily think the soup was the best clam chowder I've ever had.  Seemed process for some reason, maybe it was the ingredients that made it taste that way.  This soup was garnished with chopped chives.  The experience was great at the end of the day.  I wouldn't mind returning for another round after another morning of hiking.  The next time I come, I'm for sure getting the Spicy Tuna Roll on the appetizer menu.  I think it was for about $13.  My friend go this and it was sooooo good!  Seared Ahi, avocado, edamame, cucumber with a soy sauce and looked like a little sriracha.  I had the amazing opportunity to try this dish and I fell in love!  If you haven't been to a Yard House, you're missing out.  So many options, so many beers!  Get your butt down and try it out!
3	Great drink menu! I could honestly go either way on the food. Way overpriced for the taste if you ask me lol! Love the mac and cheese though! But besides the mac and chee......stick with drinks! 6 pack sampler is nice if you like a variety and want to try something new.
5	This is our go-to place for a family dinner, great happy hour or date night cocktails. On a recent vacation we visited the Yard House in Hallandale Beach, FL knowing we could rely on the good food and drinks. I feel comfortable taking my 3-year old and my 75 year old parents. It's suits everyone. We love happy hour appetizers and drinks. My husband and I enjoy the bar on date nights for their good selection. THe bartenders are always great! Love it.
3	Went here for lunch one day, I got the cuban dip. The idea is better then what it really was. I like that you can get soup and half sand. for a pretty good price. I guess I am just more of a fan of BJ's brewhouse across the street. Service was pretty good. I would have liked it more if my sandwich wasn't as sweet.
4	I eat lunch here at least once a month. Service is always great. Some of the friendliest in Las Vegas. Great fish n chips, great mac n cheese... and try the grilled artichoke if you like them, you will love it. One of my favorite places. I'd like to see more choices on the menu, but all in all, this is a great place.
4	This was a pretty convenient place to stop and get a bite in the middle of a gambling night at Red Rock Resort. It is very loud inside so I highly recommend getting a table on the patio if you want to have a decent conversation with your dinner guests. The menu is huge so there is definitely something for everybody. The beer selection is enormous, wine selection better than decent and of course a full bar to round out your libations.I had the very tasty organic tomato bisque on my recent visit along with a New York Steak Salad. The salad was more than filling and the steak was cooked to order. The wait staff was friendly and service quick. Just what you need when you're itching to get back to the tables!Enjoy!
3	Been here a few other times that were great this last time made me think again. We had the onion rings amazing! They come withTwo dipping sauces which is cool. I had the  Fish and chips they were little dry and one piece of fish was not cooked right was soggy and seemed to placed on the bottom to hide it. I would have thought it was a fluke if the other piece on the bottom was the same but it wasn't. Next was the service.  It was not as good as it has been other times. We were never asked if everything looked ok or tasted ok or if we needed anything else. I could have maybe understood this I it were busy but it wasn't busy at all and I've been here when it was busy. We waited a while before we could even get our waiters attention to talk about the fish problem and even get the check. The guy didn't seem to care much he just got me a new piece. After we got the check we probably waited another 10 minutes for him to come back to the payment. It just sucks that this last visit was so poor when the last two times we went here we had the same waiter and he was awesome and the food was great, but after this visit I wish I could give 2 1/2 stars but I'll give 3 because of the other visits that were great.
5	Went for lunch date with the hubby, we were seated within about five minutes and were quickly greeted by our server who quickly took our drink order. The menu is extensive and has many option to choose from. They have an enormous choice of beers many of which are on tap, so if your a beer drinker with simple or complex tastes there is something for everyone.it was a busy saturday so we exptected to have to wait which we did so we decided to order an order of truffle fries which were amazing. The pork sandwich with au ju the hubby was very happy with but after cutting into my turkey burger i discovered a problem.  I discovered the burger undercooked in the very middle. My husband called over one of the other servers that was closest and he immediately apologized and said he would take care of it immediately, within about a minute I had our server and the manager at our table apologizing for the mistake and reassurance it would be rectified immediately and it was. We finished our meal everything being perfect from then on so good job Yardhouse we'll be back agai
4	Good pan seared sashimi and many choices for an entree. Great service and the atmosphere was great for family or sports.
3	Julie K. and I came her after the Yelp Pamper Party for some more giiiiiiiiiiirl talk. We got a booth in the back and ordered Tomato soup and Crab dip and an Angry Orchard! The crab dip was AIIGHT. Definitely crabby tasting but not as creamy as I like. And when I got it, I was like, Oooh, tortilla chips - tortilla chips are not my favorite item to DIP... SOOO I'm snacking away and then I opened my eyes A LITTLE WIDER and I spotted: PITA BREAD. WTF., LOL. SO BLIND. The pita bread made me happy. SO keep your eyes open, there are tortilla chips AND pita bread to scoop your dip. NOM. LOL.
2	Ok, even before this location opened, I can't figure out what my deal is with Yard House.1. They have call ahead seating.  So I called ahead and they told me it would be about an hour wait.  No prob.  So I get there an hour later and they are like, ok, it will be about 20 minutes.  Huh?  Well, we can't put you on the waiting list until you get here?  What?  I guess maybe I had some mis-communication when it comes to this.  Because I still don't understand it.2. Every time (and I mean every time) I eat at Yard House, let's just say the next day, I weigh about 3 lbs. less.  I have ordered from the appetizer menu, the salads, the pasta, the sandwiches (spicy tuna roll, caesar salad, classic cheese burger, grilled cheese & tomato bisque, mac & cheese, angel hair pasta, vodka shrimp pasta) and my body hates me for the next 24-48 hours.  This is really the only restaurant that does that and it's not just one location; it's both locations in Nevada and one in Phoenix.  There is just something that doesn't sit right with me and it wasn't just once.  I've tried all of the above dishes on different visits TRYING to make this place work.  I don't think I'll ever be back.They sure do have a ton of beer on tap and lots of cocktails though!
4	This would  normally be a 3 star review--A-OK--but the service we received takes the review to four stars and well deserved.Our group came here after an Unofficial Yelp Event at Red Rock Canyon.  They set up for 10 because we weren't sure how many were coming.  We ended up with 8 so the set up was perfect.Drink orders were taken quickly.  We must have looked like we could use rehydration after the 4.5 mile hike.  Refills were always quick to come.  My iced tea was refilled 3 times and our server brought two of us a glass with extra ice as our ice started melting.For food, I ordered from their lunch pick two menu.  I got the turkey club with a bowl of clam chowder.  The club sandwich was good.  Each quarter had a piece of avocado which added to the flavor.  There were a lot of clams in the chowder.  It was enjoyable also.The service.  Tina, our server, was simply top notch at what she does and that's the reason for the 4th star.  She was always around refilling drinks, checking on whether or not someone needed anything, and generally keeping the best care for us she could.  She also had an instinct of some kind such that she gave us individual checks without asking if it was one check or separate.  That's SERVICE!  I'll be back.  Even though I live about 1/2 mile away, this was the first time I'd been at this Yard House.  Tina and the food won me over!
3	I like that you don't have to go through the casino to get here because they have 2 entrances.. Yard House is on my list of places I frequent for only Happy Hour but not their regular menu.. haha their regular dinner menu is a bit over priced for a bar with average food but it doesn't matter because I only come for HH~!!! I've been here on several occasions for Happy Hour, late night Happy Hour, on the cusp of Happy Hour lol Things that I enjoy:-Chicken Lettuce Wraps- or you can get them with mushrooms instead of chicken mmm-Hawaiian Poke Stack- watch out sometimes the tuna is not that fresh though lol-Spinach Cheese Dip- so bad for you but so good-Chicken Nachos- quantity over quality.. huge portion; great for sharing-Pizzas- pretty tasty -Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat - tastes like Fruity Pebbles-Light Lemon Drop Martini- low cal; tasty; strong-Spinach & mushroom salad appetizer portion (not on HH) but it's delicious and cheap!Service has always been friendly and fast. One time my boyfriend and I barely made it for the last seating and the server wasn't rude and didn't rush us! Even though this Yard House is located inside Red Rock Casino it is not owned by them so they don't accept any of the mailer coupons from the hotel~ HOT TIP: Happy Hour:  Monday - Friday 3pm - 6pm                                       Sunday - Wednesday 10pm - Close                                      Last Seating: 30 minutes prior to close
2	Attentive, pro waitress, high quality food, wide range of draft beer and afternoon specials. Some TVs for the sports fans.  Expensive, so recommend visiting during 'happy hour' and just order from the limited appetizer menu.Learned the hard way that this restaurant does not accept meal credits given by the resort.
5	The patio out front is really cool. You can enter the restaurant from inside the hotel or from outside. The patio is off the outside entrance. There are TVs outside and fire elements along with heaters. We sat here and had good food and service. We started with one waiter who ended up being sent home  early because the place was not busy. Our replacement servers of a waiter and a trainee were very friendly and helpful as well. We shared the summer salad which was very good. I also enjoyed the jambalaya. With this dish you are given the option of three types of carbs for it to be based on - I chose brown rice. This is a beer lovers place - lots of drafts in big glasses.
4	I know many people don't like Yard House because it's a chain, to corporate blah blah blah... But in all honesty, they are consistent no matter where you go, the food is always good and they have an amazing selection of beers that seem to vary from time to time. Also, no matter how slow or busy, their service is always on par and deserving of a four star Yelp rating. On my most recent visit for lunch, our server was solid and the burger I ordered came out just right. My only gripe against this place is the lack of real french fries. Sorry, I don't count those weird shoe string fries but they do offer sweet potato fries if you so fancy. Overall, when all else fails and I am hungry but do not know where to go for dinner or lunch, Yard House always fits the bill. Plus they have a great happy hour also!
4	We really enjoy Yard House.  My husband is a beer addict and always wants to try something new.  With over 100 beers on the menu, he is still working his way through the list.  Luckily he is 6'4" and can hold his alcohol, otherwise I would have to carry him all the way out to the car regularly.  Needless to say, he goes for the beer and I go for the burgers!  The pepper crusted burger is lovely and the Hollandaise burger is delightful.  I have also tried their version of Mac n' Cheese and I had dreams about it that evening, no joke!
3	The beer selection is great... that being said, the food is what it is. Cookie cutter, out of the box, processed food. I had the bearnaise sliders and it looked like the end of chopped when they are frantically slopping food on the plate. The flavors were blah and it was a gut bomb later. The only saving grace was the ice cold beer.
1	Used to love Yardhouse until one happy hour evening.  The bar was quite busy as usual, we asked a bartender if she could let us know if someone is leaving soon as we'd take their seats. We were informed that they could not do so as it was "First come, first served" service. Fair enough. As we could not find 2 seats by the bar, we were looking for someone leaving soon. After 10 minutes we finally spotted a couple getting ready to leave, we immediately jumped there. Once we sat down, another bartender came to us and told us those seats were reserved for another couple that was waiting. Hmmm didn't another waiter has just told the opposite??? We were quite upset and were not going to leave since there were no reservations taken for a bar and we were the first to spot those vacating seats. The bartender called a supervisor who yet told us the same thing that a couple was waiting before us and those seats were reserved. She was quite rude about that too. We were sooo angry, we called up a regional manager who took 20-30 minutes to arrive; he did, however, straighten the situation but we were way too pissed to enjoy a meal and drinks. We left shortly after. The experience was qite bad, I will not be visiting Yardhouse at Red Rock again.
5	The service was exceptional, and the food was soooooooooooooo delicious. Everyone enjoyed their meal, and promised to make another trip to the Yard House inside of the Red Rock Casino Resort very soon. We had a table out on the patio with Two huge flat screen TVs facing us and I was able to enjoy the Lakers last game of the season .. YES !! sorry I'm not a Lakers fan at all.  All in all I'm rating my experience , the food , the service of all wait staff/host, and the view 5 stars. This would be a great place to take someone that is from out of town or just a place to come chill/hang with some friends and catch up.
4	I went back to the Yard House after having a bad experience there to give them another shot. My husband and I really enjoy this restaurant. When we came this time it was a little busier but the server was much more friendly and helpful and the food was great. The manager even came over to make sure we had a good visit this time. My only issue here is that it takes a few minutes pay if you are using a credit card. Maybe there's a traffic jam to use the credit card machine lol.
5	The happy hour here is bomb-diggity! 4-6 and 10-12There are SO many beer choices on tap (my favorite being the st bernardus abt12) and the appetizers that are half off during happy hour are delicious! I usually stick to the gardein wings and sometimes get a pizza or onion rings also.The seared tuna is a standout from the usual bar fare and offers a flavorful tuna steak with wasabi that is really good!The atmosphere is nice and the place is clean and smoke free. People around the bar there are usually super friendly as well, so dont be shy! Strike up a conversation while indulging in great beer and enjoying the game(s) on a  multitude of televisions over the bar
1	We waited over an hour for our food. One dinner came much later then 4 of them. Both  meat dishes were raw in the middle (they could have walked off the plate). We had out of town guests and had bragged about the place..it was embarrassing!  We were so disappointed with the entire experience
5	We cannot get enough of this place! The selection is fantastic! On this visit I had the seared ahi salad and it nearly brought me to tears. My husband thoroughly enjoyed the fried chicken on whipped potatoes with a bourbon gravy - he said it tasted like home (Kentucky). The beer selection is astronomical - a delight for every palate!
5	Saturday night and we had plans to meet another couple at Yard House for dinner and drinks.  We were seated right away at a high top table close to the bar and kitchen entrance.  Pretty busy area to say the least.We were greeted by a nice young guy to take our drink orders.  We all ordered beer.  My girlfriend and I always order Coors Light and Bryce (our server) gave us a hard time being that we were at the "Yard House" ordering a domestic beer. haha  He recommended the light beer which I went with and I must say it was pretty darn good.  My BF on the other hand ordered a raspberry beer (a girly foofoo beer I guess. haha).  With that said, it was the focus on the rest of the night because our dear server Bryce was not going to let him live that down.  (read on)As we went over our menus Bryce brought the BF a kids menu (hence the beer reference).  So you know its going down at this point.  It's on son! LOL  That followed by a straw in BF's beer when he wasn't looking...totally crackin-up-classic.  So silly. VARIETY is where its at on this menu.  Huge assortments of food and drinks....what more could you want to satisfy a craving for a fab Saturday night out.  I had beer, sushi and Italian all in one sitting.  How's that for variety. Amen!Run Down:Appetizer the California Roll: - It is huge, great to share, totally delish. It is literally  one piece of a sushi roll-but times 10 in size topped with snowcrab and avacado...a definite must try.Me - Penne with chicken, mushrooms, asparagus, sundried tomatoes in a cream sauce - Never ever a disappointment (definitely not a dish for the diet)BF - Orange Peel Chicken - Total Yum.  He gets it all the time and loves it.To end the meal Bryce brought over a to-go kids cup in case BF wanted to take his drink with him (not for real because Im not sure you can do that). haha  What a delight Mr. Bryce was.  He definitely has that something special to add to customer service.  I hope his manager takes notice!  We will be back hoping to get his table again.Anyways, food and ambiance are always amazing.  They have a cool outdoor patio with TVs which is definitely fun watching your favorite teams play.  Anything we have ordered on this menu has been consistently perfect.  I do think that the mac&cheese is one of my favorite dishes and the hummus is yummy too.  The service is always good.  This is a regular stop for us and we will be back soon for sure.  My stomach is growling just thinking about it....hey it is FRIDAY!!! ;)
4	This place is great! The reviews on Yelp are accurate, good food, nice ambience and amazing selection of beers, including Omission gluten free lager and ale!They have a "gluten sensitive" menu, which is unusual, in that it's a version of their regular menu but  with instructions on what you need to REMOVE from your order to get it gluten-free. However, they are at pains to point out that their kitchen is not a gluten free environment, so it may still not be suitable if you're celiac.I'd definitely go back, but be warned we went mid-week and it was BUSY!More on gluten free in Las Vegas:https://www.facebook.com/groups/gluten.free.las.vegas/
4	Came in for a date night with my bride and really enjoyed the whole experience. The beer menu is simply stunning and the food was really good. This place is consistently busy for a reason. I would say that everyone could find something to like from the vast food menu they offer. I look forward to returning to this place.
3	Food is ok, nothing over the top. The service it's decent and the staff are friendly and kind. There is a lot of beer, and the house beers are not half bad actually. But honestly, the area that needs improvement in this establishment is the food; everything i had tasted rather bland (fried calamari, the California roll, burgers and the tacos). Some better recipes and I think this place has potential! BEER!
4	Great food and atmosphere. The staff here is very friendly. I like the fact you don't have to walk through the casino to enter the restaurant. This Yard House location is at the North side of the Red Rock Casino right next to Lucille's. They have a huge dining area that includes outdoor seating. There is also a nice sized bar with a great selection of beer and cocktails.I have been there several times and I have not had a bad experience ever. The burgers, apps, steaks, and salads are all very good. I was actually surprised how good the NY Strip was the first time I ordered it there.I definitely recommend stoping in to the Yard House.
4	Love the food and drinks and best of all, they have two Happy Hours, Mon-Fri - 3pm - 6pm and Sun-Wed - 10pm - Close.
4	We do Yardhouse every other month it seems!  Alternated with Bj's across the street! :) This place is great . . . almost always comes with a wait though, probably because it's in the Red Rock Casino and there aren't many choices for this type of venue.  They have great patio ~ we love sitting out when the weather is nice, having a beer (hundreds on tap literally) and watching a game on TV.  The menu is enormous and the food is good!  I don't think I've ever been disappointed here, ever.  And there's something for everyone.  My favorites are the seared tuna, turkey burger (I have one everywhere I go it seems), grilled cheese n tomato soup and their wings rock too!  Hubby loves the ridiculously large chicken pot pie!  Happy Hour here is so worth it unlike other places - it's M-F 3-6 (there's also a late night happy hour too) and includes many of their appetizers and drink specials too.  It's a good one -- lots to choose from and not just the typical bar fare.  Service is hit and miss - they are usually very busy so it varies.  I've had great luck at happy hour and on the patio.  We've even been able to order for last call so when it nears 6, she lines up our beers just before the buzzer!  Everyone seems nice, but sometimes you wait awhile for your visit and I am big on service. :)  So worth it -- go ahead and stop in!
2	The perfect place if you want to over pay for crap food, service, and an atmosphere so loud you walk out with a headache.We waited for nearly 20 minutes right next to the table we would be seated at.  The best part, it was empty the whole time.Food came out cold, even if it were hot, it wouldn't be that good.  Way over priced although the one redeeming factor which makes it a two star was that coffee ice cream dessert.Go to BJ's across the street!
4	Good food, great selection of beers.
1	Seriously. There were literally a dozen and a half tables & booths available; empty, clean, and ready for use. And yet there were four parties of two - four people waiting more than fifteen minutes. It's a holiday, and the place is less crowded than I've ever seen it, and yet they have people waiting? Hostesses wiping down menus instead of actually hosting. I go here at least once a month when I go to a movie, and I've never seen such crappy service. They have great guac, but besides that there's nothing unique abt this place. I'll find a new spot for movie lunching from now on thanks to their horrendous customer service today.
4	The Yardhouse has an awesome beer selection, as good as nearly anyone in Las Vegas. We have always had great service, the food comes out very quickly, and it is a modern, fun, upbeat atmosphere. You must try the Seared Ahi Sashimi, it is the bomb. Some of our other favorites are the chicken lettuce wraps, the truffle cheeseburger, the poke stack, and many more. We have been here 10+ times and have liked everything we've ever ordered, so I have to say two thumbs up. The Seared Ahi Sashimi has a great complexity to it, I'll save the description of the flavors to the Bourdain Types but it seriously makes my mouth water just thinking about it.With regard to the beers, try the ever rotating list of short-termers that are posted on the screen above the bar, they keep a nice variety flowing through there and some of them have been absolute winners. If you are a fan of IPAs this place has a selection that is incredibly diverse, and you should try the Double Daddy, it is SICK.The Happy Hours are great here, half price apps, pizzas, and discounts on every beer in the house if I remember correctly, check it out they do a great job and you always it'll be good. Most of our visits were previous to Darden Restaurants buying Yardhouse, so hopefully the product will stay the same!
4	We had lunch here recently and had a really good experience.  I was expecting a wait as the Yard House is usually really busy but we got seated right away.  Maybe lunch is less busy that dinner.  I was also pleasantly surprised that the music was not super loud.  I have been to the location at Town Square and you could barely have a conversation since the music was so loud.I had the lunch portion of the shrimp rice bowl.  My mom had the half sandwich/soup combo with the pastrami sandwich and tomato soup.  Both of us enjoyed our meals.  My rice bowl had a lot of good veggies and about 5 shrimp.  It was a hearty portion even though it was the lunch sized portion.  Mom liked her sandwich and soup.  Service was good.  The waitress came by often to check on us and refill our drinks.  If we can get in right away, have good food and good service again, I definitely will be back.
4	Everything I've had here has been great.  The Crab, artichoke dip is always a tastie snack and tonight's Mac & Cheese w chicken, and bacon was great.  Though I seemed to have kept eating and it never got smaller so I had to take it home to have it again..  Bummer!  :)
2	Multiple times I have attempted to eat at this location and the food is just not good enough.  I asked the waiter what his "go to" meal is, 3 tacos fish, carnitas and I'm unsure the third- looked and tasted like jerky, priced at $17.85.  The fish taco was edible.  The beef was undercooked and flavorless.  The third, I already described as jerky like- was heavily sauced and unrecognizable.  A cup of rice and small ramekin of beans.  I will not be ordering food here again.  They are a brew house- eat elsewhere and drink here.  The atmosphere is group friendly and they have 100+ beer on tap.I think there are better choices for food.Update: will give another star for restaurant's effort to get in touch regarding my experience.  If they care enough to know, I'll care enough to help/discuss.  I can appreciate the effort.
3	The only saving grace to this review is the fact that I've dined at this location without AS MANY issues as we had last night.  When I first moved here to Vegas, this was the first Yard House that I had ever been to and now I've been to many in a few different cities. I usually really enjoy Yard House because the food is good, there are so many different foods to choose from on the menu and they have my favorite 'Gin & Ginger' drink (that I modify to be completely different using Fireball..check out my 'Tips' for more on that).  Last night, however, was one huge disappointment after another in what I thought was an otherwise pretty consistently good corporate restaurant.My friend decided to have his going away dinner here for all of the above reasons that I just mentioned but also because this boy LOVES beer.  I don't drink beer (gluten intolerance) and hence brings forth my first issue of the night.  I ordered a tequila and soda in a tall glass, with a splash of OJ and a lime, please.  My drink came in a short glass, with an orange slice and I'm not sure what the deal was but it tasted funk-ay. And this is my go-to drink, so I knew what to expect - and that wasn't it. It started out that there was only 5 of us and we were sitting in the first-come-first-serve bar area.  My friend made sure to call almost a week in advance and spoke personally to the manager.  He made a reservation for 25 people for 7PM.  When I got there at 7, there was no table for us - hence the bar seating.  The numbers continued to grow with most people being forced to stand behind other people who were seated and crowd around our table like it was a bar in itself.  Not ideal for us as guests and I KNOW not ideal for the servers who were working.  The manager came over at one point to apologize, saying there was a 'mix up with the reservations' to which we assured him that we weren't high maintenance and totally willing to cooperate.  THEN he goes into 'actually, your party is really difficult for my servers because people are moving around so we're just going to have to group people together on checks and you guys can figure it out'. My friend, rightfully surprised, reassured the manager that we were easy going and he would cover anything left over at the end if checks got mixed up.This was again,, where I started to get more irritated.  If everyone in the party had a SEAT, they wouldn't be moving around. Not to mention, most people didn't even have drinks because it was about a 20-30 minute wait between ordering something with a server and it actually showing up.  Trust me, this isn't an exaggeration. That one drink was my only drink of the night for this very reason. When it came time to order food, I had actually taken the time to research the gluten-free options online beforehand so I would know what to order.  As I'm ordering the 'Chopped Salad', I recite from the website that I can't have the 'Bloody Mary vinegarette' because it isn't gluten-free. The server doesn't believe me/isn't sure what I'm talking about so insists he will get me an actual gluten free menu. Fine. He takes everyone else's order and says he will return with the menu.*cue Jeopardy music*I didn't get a GF menu until right before the table's food was about to come out. I still ordered the chopped salad (without the dressing I knew I couldn't have anyways) and got it shortly after everyone else. And..it was gross. The worst part was the chopped celery - why you would put celery in that salad, I have no idea but it would have been so much better without that bitter crunch in every bite. I then had to stop eating halfway through because I had no water and there was no sign of a server in sight. Womp, womp, womp.When the party was winding down, I was over it.  Myself and 2 other girls decided to ask for our checks, assuming that because we knew exactly what we had and were the only 3 who were ready, it wouldn't be 'too difficult' to split us off.  Nope. 25 minutes later I got my check..the same time everyone else wanted theirs too.I'm not sure what happened last night but it was a huge disappointment. Yard House is great but I wouldn't recommend it for truly special occasions because I don't get the impression that they can deliver the kind of service those events deserve.
4	Several great vegan options and an awesome outdoor patio!
5	Tonight was another date night with my beautiful bride! I decided to come here because the last time we were here the food was great and I wanted to sample some of their amazing beer. Tonight our server was Beau. He was wonderful and made great recommendations. I think this review moved up to the 5th star level because of his wonderful and attentive service to us. I liked that we could sample around a little bit before I found "my" beer. LOL! I had the Speakeasy Double Daddy IPA. It had a deep hoppy flavor. Seriously they have the biggest selection of draft beer around. I can't believe someone couldn't find a favorite here.Laurie had the same thing she had last time. The Spicy grilled chicken flat bread sandwich and she asked our waiter Beau to sub the fries for a salad. No problem! I ordered the Mac+Cheese2 and it had pulled chicken breast, applewood bacon, wild mushrooms, cheddar, parmesan, campanelle pasta and truffle oil. It was as good as it sounds. The campanelle pasta was on point. I loved that it was not overcooked like you might find in some mac and cheeses.This whole time while we are enjoying our meal we were never in need of anything. After the customary check back to see how our meal was and if everything was as we wanted we never had a want for a soda or water glass to be refilled. Beau also recommended another beer and brought us over samples, while consistently keeping our table cleared of any empty plates.Desert was in my mind as I had read a previous Yelpers compliments of the Salted Carmel Butterscotch pudding. I ordered it and when it was brought to the table it had a great presentation, but an even better taste. The only thing that could of made it better is if they could of put the salt all the way around the top of it. Laurie had 4 spoonfuls before she ever tasted it, and I had 1 and was coughing because it was all on my side of the cup. It was too much for me, but might have been fine had it been spread around. Don't take this wrong, it was great and I probably would order it again!!Overall I feel that service can make or break a great restaurant. I think that the Yard House is certainly becoming one of my favorite places to dine. The great food and the service we received tonight has me already planning my return!
3	3-1/2 stars. Sometimes they get it right, sometimes they don't. I go here because it's conveniently located in Red Rock Casino, which is 2 blocks from where I work.Likes:- Onion Ring Tower- Roasted Turkey Melt- Cuban Roast Pork Dip- Five Ounce Blackened Tuna Burger- Mediterranean Seared Scallops- Mini Chocolate SouffleSo-so:- Fried CalamariDidn't like:- Seared Ahi Steak Sandwich: tuna was not trimmed neatly. Had a hard time eating it because it was tough and gristly. One would expect Ahi Steak to almost melt in your mouth...- (Mac + Cheese)2: didn't smell very appetizing. After I ate it, I kept thinking I was going to get sick. I don't know if it was the wild mushrooms, but definitely not getting that again!- Spicy Jambalaya: It was just ok, but nothing beats a Jambalaya with fresh ingredientsService is usually good, and it's easy to fit a bunch of us into a booth. Of course we'll be back - we're regulars here and come here when we don't feel like thinking of where we'd like to eat.
2	Expensive bar food. Large selection of expensive craft beer on tap. They do not allow Vaping in the bar or restaurant. They do not have any UFC fights on in the bar eventhough the yardhouse is inside red rock a station casino.
4	Delicious beer. Not too expensive.  Really solid complete menu.  This is a nice "go-to" place when you want to be sure you will enjoy yourself.  Its consistent with food, our server was nice and friendly.  Not really out of the box, no surprises really, but it makes a nice home base.*I had the surf and turf burger.  Hard to eat but delicious besides.  Can't remember what I had to drink.  An IPA I'm sure, of which they have an excellent selection.
5	Great appetizers, go for happy hour and just eat them. Sliders and fries are awesome, it's always clean in there and the staff is always nice.
5	My family and I have been there twice in the past week. It is THAT GOOD. The Hawaiian Poke Stack is awesome. I don't think I will ever tire of those. Getting one on Happy Hour is even sweeter. The food is great, and there is a wide variety to suit every taste. The ambiance is nice, as is the music. The service has been above and beyond both times we were there. (Thanks to Stephen and Tom!) My husband loves their amazing beer selection, and I'll admit the lines of taps and the keg room is a sight. I've had the scallops and the cuban dip, both were dishes I'd recommend to anyone. I also appreciate the attention they pay to their "kid" guests. Yard House goes beyond the basic child food options, and the selection for them is nice. I look forward to my next trip to Yard House.
2	Indifferent service. Understaffed. The food was almost entirely out of boxes and cans, but is nicely presented. Way too expensive for what it is. Gang serving may be more efficient, but nobody is responsible, so nobody cares.My Martini was very well done.Ah, Darden. That explains it.Corporate food, corporate culture, corporate indifference. Don't worry I understand, you have no power and no budget to address any issues. At least I had the luck to have been treated on a prospective client's expense account and Red Rock has several options available.
5	Went for a beer and some appetizers and was not disappointed. Cool atmosphere with a good variety of people. Servers were funny and they all interacted with us. Best happy hour I've been to in a while. Definitely going back again.
4	I gotta admit, I'm a pretty big fan.  I like cheap.  I like tasty.  This review is for the Happy Hour part at Yard House...I've never eaten any regular meals there!  Everytime we've gone, it's for Happy Hour.  Yes, Yard House does keep me happy!  Just look at my check-ins for this place.OK, yes, it's bar food, and yes, it's nothing overly stellar.  But for what they do it is remarkable in terms of food.  And the prices!  You can easily get away for feeding a group of four for under $35.  Take your kids, take your friends, double date!  A good time can be had for little cost.Yard House has Happy Hour M-F from 3 PM - 6 PM, Sun-Wed from 10 PM - Close.  Lots of opportunity to stock up on grub!  Our first time here was on a hunch since we were staying at Red Rock Casino at the time for my birthday.  We've been back at least twice a month since!  Payday = YHHH day (Yard House Happy Hour).Most days, especially weekdays after 5 PM Yard House is packed!  The good thing about their Happy Hour is that you can sit ANYWHERE in the restaurant and partake in the cheapy goodness.  No need to only sit at the bar or the patio.  Happy Hour indeed!  We bring our kids quite often to eat with us.For Happy Hour at Yard House there is a plethora of food and drink selections.  Pints (of a $hi+load of different choices) go fron $3.75 - $5.75 range.  Half yards go from the $7.50 - $10.00 range, house martinis are $6.50, and specialty drinks and wine by the glass are $2.00 off.  But honestly, I come for the food!  For me Yard House does not disappoint!Yard House has a bunch of appetizers and pizzas that are 1/2 price during Happy Hour.  Choices abound, variety too!  Some of our most ordered faves:-Spicy Thai Chicken or BBQ Chicken Pizza-Fried Calamari-Hawaiian Poke Stack (most def a fave)-Onion Ring Tower-Chicken Nachos (another fave)-Seared Ahi Sashimi (yet another fave)-Spicy Tuna Roll (it's not sushi but we like it anyway)-Buffalo Wings-Chicken or Mushroom Lettuce WrapsOn most occasions we will have nearly all these items on our table!  We are piggies!  It's a good thing the tables at Yard House are HUGE.  No matter though, whatever we don't finish we take home for leftovers later!  Although we ALWAYS end up finishing the Hawaiian poke stack and the seared ahi.  Those are very ONO.  Yard House doesn't offer sushi like other Happy Hour joints around Las Vegas but no matter.  Their food usually fits the bill pretty good.  Another plus?  Each dish available during Happy Hour ranges from $5 - $8...and they are full appetizer servings!  Cheap, and lots of it.  A very good choice for decent eats in the Summerlin area!I have a beer (or three), and a few appetizers and I'm as happy as a clam during Happy Hour.  It is a good time.  Service is very courteous and pretty quick, even during peak Happy Hour time.  Keep up the cheap eats Yard House, I will be back!  H-A-P-P-Y H-O-U-R
5	This place had good service and an excellent staff! There portions are considerably big given there middle if the road prices, and if its the drink u crave there shots are huge. Couple all of this with the really cute waiters and its a night of fun.
1	I have gotten good service in the past, but today it was horrible.Waited 35 minutes for a table.Asked how long, "was given 15-25 minutes"I asked if I am going to make it for "happy hours:.Vanessa informed me "it might just be a couple of minutes.  We have 3 guess ahead of you."At this time it was 549pm.I asked again, "Am I going to make it for happy hours"Vanessa replied, "it going to be a couple of minutes"Ok Vanessa. You failed to answer my question.Please dont give me a run-about response. Just a "Yes" or "No"She turned her attention to another guest... How about finishing the conversation you are having with me, before you address another guess. Improve on your interpersonal skills Vanessa.
3	Food has been pretty good for a while but getting progressively worse. Bbq sauce is too vinegary and runny. Ahi tuna sandwich was my favorite but the fish quality is very poor now. So fatty it reminded me of a doggy chew toy. Chilaquiles were pretty good. Tip: if you are in a rush, do not order appetizers. Coursing here takes a very long time.
4	This location is always busy so expect a short wait. Ive been here whens its a packed house and also when it was just busy. Everytime I come they have given great service. The beers are great and the atmosphere is fun. Only complaint is the food isnt as good as the beers but u cant have everything. I enjoy stopping in and catching a game and sampling a new beer. Great place
5	Great place to dine-in and take a break from the casino. Everything tastes delicious, both food and beverages. I ordered the Mediterranean Seared Scallops with roasted pasilla & spicy hummus with a brown rice sun-dried tomato tabouleh; and the Mini Creme Brulee, with vanilla bean custard and chocolate topped with caramelized bananas.
2	I used to rave about this place. Crab cakes are great and the California roll superb. Bar boys ruined that...lazy F"5k$. Wasn't even busy and it took 25 minutes to get 2 beers. I guess they were too busy talking about hair products.
4	Great ambiance, very good menu which caters to everyone's needs. Whether you are a meat eater or vegan there is something there for you. Expensive but worth it.
4	This place has always been a good place, good food, good service and the atmosphere is always a fun one.  This place is always busy which says a lot about this place.  If you have never been here, the menu has a wide variety selection, they even have a Vegetarian menu if you do not eat meat or fish.I like this place and highly recommend this place to anyone in the area.  On days that there are sports on TV, expect this place to be crowded.  But I can tell you the food is worth the wait.
1	Poor poor poor service. Went for a birthday party with 20 people. They refused to break up checks. Myself and one other left because we were ignored and after saying excuse me ma'am and excuse me still ignored. So I do not recommend this place. They were rude and ignorant. Can't recommend beers can't add
1	Service was good, food was okay, but the short Caucasian manager was an a**hole. Very rude and stuck up. Never had any issues at the town square yard house
5	I love yard house I have eaten just about everything on the menu and the only thing I didn't like was the pork belly tacos...they have rockin happy hour specials and the selection of beer especially my favorites by STONE are great. The staff is always super friendly and very knowledgeable of the beer and menu although I do always sit at the bar.  The atmosphere  is very up-beat and it was a great place to watch the super bowl or any game I guess.
4	Be ready - this place is LOUD and busy!  Be prepared to wait.Our visit was Thanksgiving day, meeting up with family for a late lunch together.Some things to note, the tuna roll (appetizer) is not a traditional "tuna roll" as one would expect.  The fish n chips is delicous!  Beer selections are considerably better than most places I've visited.While service wasn't "AWESOME" it wasn't bad.  Our server was a bit of a newbie so we cut her some slack.  Timing on the food was a little off... apps came first, but food followed way too quickly after the apps, not leaving enough time to enjoy the appetizers before the main course.
5	This one completely took me by surprise. Attached to the Red Rock casino on the edge of town, I was expecting your standard American sports bar. After struggling to choose from such a good beer selection and enjoying some good calamari and a smartly deconstructed spicy tuna roll, I am happy to admit my expectations were totally wrong! I also happened to stumble in during happy hour, which sweetened the deal even more. The appetizers were half price and more than served as a meal. The tuna roll was fresh, heaping with avocado and very flavorful with an elegant presentation. The staff was friendly and attentive despite being busy.I suppose the best review I can give is that I will definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas (or another city where a Yard House happens to exist)!
5	Great food and over 100 types of beer on tap. The chicken tortilla soup is made with fresh chicken and an excellent choice. Be sure to check out happy hour from 3pm to 6pm Monday thru Friday or late night from 10pm to close Sunday thru Wednesday.  Calamari and chicken nachos are great happy hour selections!! Bar is usually busy and service is good.
3	I have visited Yard House probably 50 times over the past five years.  I only recently started Yelping so my check ins reflect that.I give the Yard House 3 stars.  Why you ask?  I will get straight to the point.The bad: More often than not, the service is slow at best.  If you are in a hurry, this is not the place for you.  The food is over priced and the quality is just not good enough to reflect the price.  I have had probably 20 different items on the menu and have never had that "this is awesome" experience, except with the vegetarian menu.The good:  The beer selection is amazing.  I love craft/draft brew and they have it all.  Also if you are a vegetarian/vegan, the selection and quality of that food is excellent.  I usually go on a 2-3 month, strict vegetarian diet every year and it is a great place for that.I wish I could rate it higher but I can't.  I will go back, simply because I love the beer.
4	Not sure if there anything too add on top of thousands of reviews. It was my first time coming too this Yard House location in the Red Rock Casino. I have been too the one in Town Square Mall. Really not much difference between them just the location and fan of both. The menu is HUGE sometimes can be good thing or bad thing. I stopped here for lunch after nice long bike ride up too Red Rock Loop with friends. Something caught me eye on the menu. I never notice before was they have small lunch special section half sandwich and soup. It straight forward but lot of things that enjoy about it. They have four too five sandwiches and soups too choose from mix and match. The portion size the sandwich is decent size combine with a nice cup of soup for under $10 think steal of deal. I got the pastrami sandwich with clam chowder soup. Both were excellent! The pastrami nice hot, moist, fan of the bread, and like the spread in it. The clam chowder was solid have decent amount of clams, potatoes, and even cup of soup felt hearty and filling. If you want can even up size your cup too bowl of soup at cost. It perfect meal after getting great workout in light, hearty, and healthy lunch. The service was fantastic. We went as soon as they opened at 11am. Still our waitress was great, friendly, and informative she was the one that told us about upgrade our cup too bowl is want for extra charge. If looking place for light lunch or heavy lunch Yard House has it and that not even going into the beer list.
5	What a pleasant surprise!  Great beers and tasty food.  A ton of veggie options too!Kung Pao Calamari is amazing.  Truffle Fries too!  Don't miss the Hawaiian Poke Stack either.
4	Love this place! Has great beer selections and great apps! My favorite items to order are the onion ring tower and the nachos. Both of these items are fit to share with a group of people. This is one of my favorite places to go on the weekends
4	I LOVE Yard House! It is definitely one of my favorite restaurants. They have a big selection of food and draft beers. I've never had a meal that wasn't delicious! I took away a star only because the service at this location can be a major hit or miss.
4	My wife and I go here quite often. Great food and great service. See Jennifer Erickson's review.
5	Love the vibe in this place, great food (ahi crunchy salad to die for as well as the NY steak sandwich), and always amazing service. Our waiter today in particular Stephen is awesome we need more people like him in the service industry in Vegas. So kudos to you Stephen thank you for making our Friday night diner extra special.
4	Just as good the one in Scottsdale, AZ. Great bartenders, lots of TV and lots of great beer on tap.
5	I love this place ! I'm a huge fan of the Belgium beers like the Piraate and the Gulden Drak. There very hard to find them anywhere else. They have had some amazing seasonal brews as well.The food I usually get the buffalo boneless wings, or a burger. Can never go wrong there.
1	My husband had lunch today at the Yard House and his experience was unpleasant.  He kept getting the wrong order and when he mentioned it to the waiter he corrected my husband (implying my husband did not know what he ordered...really????)This happened several times in one seating. This is unpleasant, unacceptable and unprofessional!!
2	First of all, the service here is fabulous. I visited this restaurant for a weekday lunch which was definitely a slow time for them, but they never acted like we were imposing. I even had a toddler with me, and I've found that in Vegas, kids are not always a good trait in a customer. They were super nice.However, when I received my French dip sandwich, I was not pleased. The meat was so fatty that I couldn't even choke it down. There are few lunchtime quirks worse than fatty roast beef! It really ruined the sandwich for me, and it's been a while since I was there. I was so disappointed! I usually love this place. I was especially disappointed that they served it to me in the first place, as it was obviously lame meat, even without taking a bite. I stopped about 3 bites in. I'm usually the very last person to ever return food, but it really was nasty. I'm not sure I would chose to eat here again when there are many other restaurants nearby that seem to be more consistent. This location is normally slammed, so I wonder if going in when they were pretty dead was the problem. I might give it another chance sometime if I were to be invited by a friend or something, but never again will I come here for lunch.
5	We have been 3 or 4 times since moving here 3 months ago and the food and service has been excellent every time. Great location! It is a tad pricey but good for date night. Would definitely recommend and try the Hawaiian Mule!
3	I never really enjoyed their food at any yard house I have been to.  We went on a busy friday night, so we expected to wait at least an hour (which we did). Ratings: (out of five)Food (3): We ordered two different taco and a shiitake garlic noodles.  The tacos were good, but not worth the $2 something price tag that comes along with it. The garlic noodles were okay, sometimes I just feel like I am eating noodles with lots of garlic powder on it. Service (4): Our server was friendly and she kept checking up on us.  It was a very busy night and I believe there was a party of over sixty people that they had. But she was always there and constantly making sure everything was good.Atmosphere (3.5): Just down to earth and very laid-back.  Overall (3):  I never been impressed with yardhouse, but I do like their selection of different beers that they have and they do have a variety of food selection.  However, each time I ordered something different, it never taste any good.  If anyone can recommend me something that they love at yardhouse, I would love to try it! :)
5	Always receive top notch service when I go. I go once a week for an appetizer and cocktail, and I recommend this location to fans of the Yard House.
3	So you wanna get a beer and not sure what to drink, well Yard house will satisfy...This yard house has been one of the great successes at Red Rock casino, with a lot of places opening and closing within the casino this business should be around for a while.The yard house has more beers than you can drink in 10 sittings from all over the states and the world. If the Cheesecake Factory is the queen of cheesecake well Yard house is the king of beers. (Sorry Budweiser)The service is quite fast but with  weekends and nights a reservation is a must.Food wise, the menu is extensive with great apps and a nicely portion sized entrees. I've never got to the deserts as I'm always full half way through my main.Shepard's pie was the last meal I had which was a saint Patricks day special. It was a little overboard with the amount of sauce and the pastry was most of the plate which became a little much while eating.Prices are a little high but the general quality of food is above regular pub foods.
5	My best friend and I sat in the reject section of the bar and we loved it!  The staff here is funny, attentive and great to be around.  Of course I can't get enough of their Tortilla Soup!  Perfect place to wind down and just have fun after a long work week.  This may be the new OI!
4	There's like 173994718294 beers on tap and the happy hour is good. Plus lots of vegetarian options.
4	This is the third Yard House location I've been to and I really appreciate the great consistency of quality they all share. Obviously they have a great beer selection, but I feel the food doesn't get enough credit... this chain has some pretty good food for being a sports bar on beer steroids.I've tried almost all of their appetizers, and I don't have a single complaint... the entrees I've had have also been stellar. Huge portions to go along with those huge glasses of beer... most of the servers I've come accross usually can suggest which beer should be paired with which dish and vice-versa. The staff is pretty top-notch and usually pretty accommodating... and this place gets packed!
4	I went to the Yard House location back in Florida and love it just the same. The food is really good. Since it was so pretty outside, we decided to sit outside under the covered area. It took a bit of time to be served our food, otherwise everything was great. Our server Kristen was really nice.  I will return in the near future
4	I've never been to the one they just opened in Houston, Texas so when our daughter said she was going to take us out for dinner here, i was all for it! - They got a great fireplace on the patio out front, but you might have to get there early or just wait for your turn because with the mountain views in the background...it is a definite spot when visiting! - I had some low calorie chicken dinner which was great, but the red potatoes were very, very dry! And whenever you can eat, pay your bill and walk down the hallway to a casino area....it's always a great venue and a great night!!
3	Hit or miss. I always feel like crap when I leave (usually because I over-indulge in sub par food). I only go during happy hour- if I stick to the ahi and a beer I am fine. Not a place I recommend if you want good food.
4	Great place for beer of course with over 160 beers on tap! It can work with kids but it's not really a kid friendly environment.  Food selection is wide and diverse and is usually really good but a little over priced for basically higher end bar food....my only real complaint is they get a little snooty and they seem to only hire male bartenders.... But that's true with all of them
3	Great beers--so many to choose from & helpful servers are cordial enough to let you have a taste test, if you're not sure about it.  Friendly, upbeat, knowledgeable servers.The food: Huge variety--almost too many options.  Pretty good--(husband had taco sampler; I did orange peel chicken)...Some of the entrees seem a bit pricey for a chain restaurant.Been to other locations both in Vegas & other cities...All have been fine...Not Wow! but  dandy service, okay cuisine, great beers!
4	If it is a nice day - sit on the patio.  Nothing off kilter about this Yard House. The experience is consistent with the others. The Ceviche was an item I hadn't tried before and it was quite good! just know, you are going to have to dig to get everything, the presentation may look cool but it is a mess once you dive in. Nice place whether with friends, family or business partners.
4	Happy hour menu has generous portions. So many beers you will be staring at the menu for a while. Pizza has lots of garlic smell, hidden taste, sliders are excellent . Cool atmosphere . I will come back
5	Every time I go to Las Vegas it is a MUST to go to the Yard House!  My favorite is the SEA BASS!  All my friends mouth's dropped when my plate arrived.  Yummy!  I win!
3	Decent place with ok food and drinks, good neighborhood hangout but nothing special. Great beer selection but the TV's are not suitable for watching games, sound was super shirty too.
3	As long as you know what type of food to expect here, it can be a fun place to stop in before heading over to the movies.  Happy hour specials are good, though I wish portions weren't quite so enormous.  Note to self, just because it's half-priced, doesn't mean you need to order twice as much.Service has been friendly both times I have visited.
1	Horrible horrible food went around lunch and was not good at all! I expected different because it's amazing at townsquare but this redrock one is bad!
5	Awesome! Mac and cheese was amazing. Pot pie was soooooo fresh and delicious. Can't wait to come back and try everything else. Our waiter Benny was awesome!!! Suggested some awesome stuff and kept us happy from beginning to end. A new regular spot!
3	There are a lot of things I love about Yard House, but sometimes it just feels too much like a chain. The servers are always running around like crazy and seem super rushed. It's too bad, because it takes away from the great food and beer. Plus, the patio is a great hang.
3	great beer selection but just a touch above average bar food. reasonably priced at happy hour.
5	I come to this place every time I'm in Vegas because it's just that good. I love having a huge selection of craft beers. The happy hour prices can't be beat with half off appetizers and the food is amazing! I always get their version of a California roll. They have just about anything you can think of on the menu from tacos and pizza to burgers and truffle fries. The bartenders have a lot of knowledge on both the beer and food selections.
2	I've come here on many occasions and can't say I've had the best experiences.  Yesterday we got the smoked gouda and chicken flatbread and the chicken was completely dried out with little to no sauce.  It was not good.  Then we got the nachos and the guy who brought them out stated the chef cooked them incorrectly and put the pinto beans on top and not on the bottom so we could send them back if we didn't like them.  Why didn't they just fix it in the first place.  The pomegranate margarita was amazing as always.  We sat at the bar and were in front of the drink station where the one bartender continued to obnoxiously slam glasses down when making drinks which was completely unnecessary.  We went here for the convenience but I would go anywhere else in the future.
4	Use to visit Yard house frequently in San Antonio and I have always liked it. This time I had a Moscow which has Ginger beer and  your choice of 1 out of 3 different liquors and I chose vodka. It was so really good. I didn't think it was strong enough in my opinion but hey I like to drink! I also ordered the Ahi poke stack and the lobster and artichoke dip and I thought both were really good. They also have great happy hour specials.
5	I never have any issue with service or food at this location. My latest visit, our waiter Benjamin S. was one of the best servers I have ever had at any restaurant. He had the most personality and checked up on us while making jokes each time. I could not stop laughing.My favorites at yard house are:Lobster crab artichoke dip, chicken tortilla soup, chicken enchilada stack, & they have really good fish too. Benjamin brought out a dipping sauce for our sweet potato fries which were to die for. It was a bacon maple cream sauce. Omg I want some right now thinking about it. Beers are great. I'm not much of a beer drinker but I do appreciate their fruity beer selection. The prices are pretty reasonable as well.
4	Consistent better than average bar food and great service.Fast service and food delivery.  My wife and I are not big sports fans but always something good going on to watch.Our first Yard House visit was a blast pulling our boat up to the restaurant dock behind in So Cal.
5	Ask for crystal! She's an amazing server I had her two months after my first time eating at this location and she remembered my boyfriend and I and our drinks! Wow! She's such a doll! Crab cakes and calamari are amazing. The spicy jambalaya is mind blowing too!
4	Everything I've tried here has been good. They have a great selection of beers to choose from too. -1 Star for being pricey.
1	Never going back to the red rock location which sucks because i live so close to it. The town square one is by far a better experience. At this one i ordered the cali roll i was craving for about a month then as they brought my boyfriend his food let me know they couldnt make the cali rolls [swerve] why'd u bring his food then?? Um hello i thought everyone was supposed to get their food the same time.. the chicken lettuce wraps were ok though.. After that kind of disapointment the least they could do is have a restroom that isnt half way across the casino, just wow..
4	So I think American Barstaurants should just quit trying to make Asian fusion stuff... If it's not good and they make perfectly fine American/Western dishes, why bother?  But I'll not let that deter what is always a great time at this chain restaurant/bar with fine service.  I've been to several locations of this joint - Pasadena, Irvine, 2 locations in Vegas - and they are very consistent in what they have to offer.I was in Vegas over the weekend to catch up with my friends and see if my brother is keeping the house in shape, and the gang of us decided to gather here for lunch.  I honestly cannot remember everything we ordered here, but off the top of my head: lobster crab artichoke dip, seared ahi, california roll, and sweet korean bbq beef for apps, and fish & chips, thai chicken noodle salad, grilled pastrami, and a couple of burgers for entrees.  I tasted all the apps and my fish & chips.Ahi - good, a bit blandArtichoke dip - good, a bit blandCalifornia rolls - interesting shape like pie pieces, but tasted pretty standardKorean bbq beef - meh, my main complaint about the Asian fusion thingFish & Chips - great fish, great chipsPastrami looked really good, as did the burgers.As I said great service up-and-down, sufficiently noisy for lunch for vibrance, and the absolute best thing - Boddington's on tap!!!!Table-for-1 Factor:  It's big enough and bar is absolutely huge with lots of TVs, so I think it should be fine.  Maybe except on weekends...
5	Yardhouse is awesome for several reason! The main thing for me though is their menu, they have MANY choices for less than $10! Their portions are great, the service is great and their Blackberry Green Tea is sooo yummy! My favorite are the Chicken Lettuce Wraps and the Chicken Tortilla Soup is delish! I haven't had a beer or a cocktail here in a while but of course you know the selection of beer is gigantic.
3	Firstly it's very noisy, we were seated right next to the kitchen,  so not only is the crowd  loud, so is the kitchen staff, and all I hear is plates and dishes.The wait was 20 min, the only reason we came because the food is really delicious. I always order the the ahi pokie bowl .it's always fresh And delicious. I would suggest being at the bar, the service is a lot quicker.But I would come back. .
2	You know, I don't understand why this place always has a wait. And I also don't understand the attitude we have gotten the 5 or so times we've come here. The girls at the front desk are unnecessarily snotty most of the time which makes no sense as they are hosting at a brewery and burger place. I am a burger addict and this place does not satisfy my burger cravings. I've had one good burger here, the rest of the time they were just boring. The beef seems fresh enough but absolutely no seasoning is used. I add toppings such as cheese and bacon and it's still boring. Their fries are good and their bernaise is as well but it's just too much of a hassle to get a boring burger. Won't be back here.
5	I'm shocked I never reviewed this Yardhouse, as I must have found myself sitting here once a week. I visited Las Vegas this past weekend, and this location is just as awesome as I recall. Hands down, the best Yardhouse I've been to.The food quality is consistent. There are plenty of vegetarian menu items prepared with Gardein's meat substitute. The Thai chicken salad is delicious, as is the chicken/mushroom macaroni and cheese, firecracker wings, and buffalo chicken pizza. They have wonderful French onion soup, and a ton of delicious appetizers. To name a few, I enjoy the grilled artichoke, spicy tuna roll, coconut shrimp, and moo shu egg rolls. The small plates are affordable sharing options; the flatbreads, deviled eggs, and ceviche are my choices. Obviously, I eat here a lot. AND THE BEER. PLENTY OF DELICIOUS BREWS ON TAP. Listen, there's really nowhere else in Vegas I'm going to find a decent selection of porters and stouts, so it's only natural I come here. The service here has always been 5 stars, for the 5 and a half years I lived here and even during my last visit. The wait may look horrific, but I've never waited longer than 30 minutes on a Saturday night, and the staff is super friendly and very good at what they do. It may get noisy in here, but the ambiance is nice and the restaurant is clean. Huge bar, and outdoor dining is also an option.
4	I am a fan of Yard House.  Self-confessed beer lover with a huge selection here.Typical bar/pub food.  Place is always really busy.  Really busy.  Expect a wait.Service can be a mixed bag, somewhere between average and "damn come on already".  This is generally a solid choice.  I do not recall ever feeling like I was deeply disappointed.  Pretty reliable and steadily a good experience.
2	I've been here twice, so this is a combined rating of both experiences.The first time I went was in April at 6pm with my girlfriend. The  I ordered the the Chilled Edamame, Grilled Sweet Korean BBQ Beef and a half portion of the Ahi Crunchy Salad. I also ordered a glass of pinot noir and a large bottle of sparkling water. I can't recall what my friend ordered, so I'm only going to write about my experience. Our waitress seemed friendly enough, however she spoke so fast, that it was difficult to understand her. After we placed our order, we didn't see her for almost 20 minutes. A runner delivered my friend's drink and my sparkling water, however, the pinot noir was no where to be found. Then the edamame came out and my friend's appetizer, still no wine. We asked another waiter (not ours bc we still couldn't find her) if they could check on my wine. Our next courses came out -- Korean BBQ Beef, which was hot and tender with great sweet and tangy flavor and the white jasmine rice was hot and the perfect stickiness.  We started to eat, but I wanted to have my wine with my meal, so I ate slowly. 10 minutes later, I had to ask yet another waiter about the status of my wine, and they went to find our waitress, who finally brought my wine 15 minutes later. The Korean BBQ Beef was still good though, even though it was cold from waiting for the pinot noir. My salad came out shortly after by yet another waiter, then our original waitress came by and said that she was transitioning our table to another waiter since she was going on break, which was laughable bc to us, she had been on break for 45 minutes. Our new waitress asked us if we wanted to order dessert, which I did, a scoop of caramel ice cream. My GF also placed a take away order for her husband to bring home, so I assumed that while we waited for his food, the waiter would bring out my dessert. But instead, they brought out my dessert when they brought out his take away food. So I had to eat my ice cream really fast so the take away food wouldn't get cold. Food Score: AService Score: D+Atmosphere: B+ (a little loud, but fun and ively)The second time I went to  YH was on Sat night during Memorial Day Weekend. The place was packed so we got put on the wait list, and then went to the bar. Fortunately, 2 seats opened up at the bar, so we decided to eat at the bar instead, which was good for me bc I knew that my drink would come out much faster than the time. Our bartender was friendly and took our beverage order right away while we looked at the menu. We both had Stellas and then we ordered the Onion Rings Tower and Hummus to start. The food came out pretty quickly and the onion rings were nice, crispy and hot, but the hummus was runny and slimy and had a weird after taste, so we didn't finish that dish. I had liked the Korean BBQ Beef dish the first time, so I ordered it again for my main, while my husband ordered the Spicy Jambalaya with Brown Rice. That food came out in a timely manner, however, my dish was very disappointing and my husband's came out with white rice, so they took it back. Instead of replating it, they scooped out the white rice and put brown rice on the same plate, which was now a total mess. My husband was so hungry and didn't want to wait, that he ate it anyway, but we both couldn't believe that it didn't get replated. I was really looking forward to my dish bc it was so good the first time, however, this time, the beef was dry, much smaller pieces, almost shriveled and lacking any of the juicy flavor from last time and the rice was also dry and cold. I was hungry, so I ate it anyway. I was afraid to send it back bc it could've been worse, especially after what happened to my husband's dish when he sent it back. Our bartender asked us if we wanted dessert and I told her we wanted the caramel ice cream and she said that they didn't have it. She told me that I must be mistaken, bc it's not on the menu. I told her that I had it last time in April, and she said that they didn't, but instead, recommended the salted caramel butterscotch pudding. We ordered that instead, and we're glad we did bc it was quite good. Still annoying though that she said that they didn't have caramel ice cream bc I just checked the menu online and there it was - ICE CREAMvanilla, caramel, mango sorbet, java chip, mint chocolate chipFood Score: C-Service Score: B+Atmosphere: B+ (a little loud, but fun and ively)I really wanted to like this place based on previous reviews. My husband and I are both in the hospitality industry and we like to support local businesses, so we may give it one more try, especially since it's conveniently located. Hopefully the third time's a charm and the service and food will both be good.
4	The best beer selection anywhere.  This is the place I originally started learning about new beers from around the world.  Before YH was even in Vegas, I was frequenting them in LA.  It helped me expand my "beer horizons" and now I can't even go back to bud light or anything like that. Surprising was the menu... very diverse and everything is good!  They have great happy hour specials as well... such as half off pizzas, seared sashimi ahi tuna and more.  It's a comfortable environment with lots of TVs keeping you up on the latest sporting events with classic 80's tunes in the background.A great deal and great atmosphere!
4	Typical bar food although they claim it's more upscale. It is really not.  It truly is hit or miss on the food and the service.  We go here quite often and even know a few staff members.  Sometimes the food is great and the service is awful then the next time you go the service is great and the food is awful.  1 thing I do know is they have a great beer selection. So if you're in the mood for a new beer flavor, stop on in.  My only complaint is the beer is never cold enough.  They have a long draw beer draft system which never get the beer cold enough. Please fix this yard house.
4	They have a great selection of beer. I love the restaurant inside red rock because I can park in the garage close to the movie theater and have easy access to the movies and my car right after dinner. The service has always been pretty good. Not 5 star quality but close enough. Every now and then they confuse the drinks and food at the table but it is usually during a switch in shift. The food is absolutely yummy, I personally always go back to the grilled cheese,  tomato soup and classic ranch. Enjoy!
5	Love their happy hour specials !! Everything good here. good food , good service, great beers ;) excellent place to hang out with friends.
4	You can't go wrong here. Obviously you're coming to drink if you're here and this place has all the options. They have great bar food and happy hours. Only thing bad is that the bartenders think they are too good to serve you.
4	Came on Friday night we were asked if we would prefer inside or outside. There was a table available on the outside patio so we took that. We were greeted by a friendly energetic server who was fairly helpful with the items on the menu. The drink menu (beer selection) was so vast that extra time was necessary. I eventually went with the house IPA in their halfyard size which is a whopping 32 ounces. The drink was delivered in a glass that was literally a half yard. So that was pretty cool. Even though it was cumbersome at times to pick up and drink, but nothing too serious. I decided to order the Classic Cheeseburger and side of fries to go with the my house IPA.  I ordered my burger medium well. The burger was slightly over cooked I am pretty sure it was well and not medium well so you may have to go with just medium. The burger overall was fine nothing special but filled me up just fine . The Fries were great! This place has an epic list of beers on the menu and offers a nice atmosphere with good service and pretty good food. I would recommend and especially recommend to beer advocates.
4	Great pub food, nice ambiance with friendly staff. Our servers were Areanna and Gary, who gave us the full scoop on Meiomi pinot noir. It was a full boby wine, a little fruity, light on the tannins. I strongly recommend this wine to anyone who likes reds that enjoys full body and fuity flavor. It pairs well with pastas, pizzas, and beef. And the funny thing is that i'm getting good wine from a brewery. They go the extra yard...
5	I love Yard House. They have an impressive selection of beer, an interesting bar menu and friendly staff. We've been to Yard House several times but this was our first time visiting at Happy Hour. What a great deal!!Beers run at around $3 a pint during happy hour and they have apps for under $5. We ordered 4 pints of Rogue and 4 apps including the deviled eggs, kung pao calamari, ahi poke and chicken tenders. Total bill including tip was under $40!My favourite apps we're the calamari and the chicken tenders.
5	Love it here...     attached to the red rock casino, it makes it a perfect place to grab...    anything ( The menu is huge) and then jump into some games or a movie.    Street Tacos are AWESOME
3	Nice atmosphere. Good beers. The food however is mediocre , the  beef dip sandwich to Bready and the beef had no flavor.
4	Great fun place to grab one of the many beers on tap. Nice selection of beer.Food was pretty good and atmosphere was nice. Some nice outdoor seating with TV's to watch sports.I went there a couple times while at the resort. It was my favorite casual bar to have good food, watch a game and try some new beers.
4	I am totally a fan of Yardhouse! My boyfriend and I visit pretty often.... they have a GREAT beer selection! Good food! And plenty of tv's to enjoy sports!
4	It's a fun atmosphere & the food is filling & tasty. The environment is loud & lively. It's at Red Rock which is conveniently by our house. Portions are huge so come hungry!
4	Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Great service, fantastic food, AMAZING DESSERT (Kona coffee ice cream sundae) and a good price for all that we ordered. Super crowded and we has to wait for awhile to get a table, but totally worth it.
4	We've gone in a few times either for dinner or lunch, we always seem to miss half price happy hour though... maybe next time........ I like the crab cakes and calamari, we had great service, Im sure we'll be back for more.........
5	My favorite after work hangout!  Always consistent with the food quality and taste.  There was only one time my food didn't come out the same and the manager came out to help me replace the order or to take it off my bill.  In addition, she gave me a complimentary glass of wine because I did not want to replace it.  Great service and great food. Fun vibe and has an outdoor area to hanging out and relaxing!
5	Great food & great drinks! I had the shrimp pasta with vodka sauce and it was delicious!
4	Service was excellent! Our server was on top of his game and was very nice. We ordered calamari and it was good but just a little bit over cooked. Also ordered 2 Caesar salads and 2 small pizzas ( BBQ chicken and Thai chicken.) the salads were great. Dressing was light yet tangy and they had baked cheese crisps in it. Oh those were yummy!! The pizzas were good but the bottom of both pizzas had way to much flour on the bottom. Made my mouth dry,But we had plenty of beer to choose from! 110 beer choices to be exact. Over all food was pretty good and service was awesome. Oh and I recommend going during happy hour. Lots to choose from at a great price :-)
3	Friday night is really busy and noisy.  Hard to have a conversation.  Ordered the scallops and they were not really seared but maybe broiled?  Very overdone and the cilantro some thing was like poi and did not accent the scallops at all.  I had the Caesar salad with and that was pretty good.  Price was 16.00 so it was fair.  Daughter had the sea bass and she loved it.  Husband had lobster pasta and said it was good.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas! Alittle pricey but very worth. Kids meals are big portions. Friendly staff. Chicken Tortilla Soup is my favorite.
5	First of all the Macadamia nut crusted Mahi Mahi with the spicy rice is one of my all time favorite meals. The service here is always excellent. The manager with the wild mustache is very polite and courteous. Jocelyn the bartender is a master at her craft. The music selection is very unique and sets the mood for good food, cold beer and fun. As for the prices, what can I say, I pay $4.00 for a gallon of gas. So of course I'll pay $7.00 for 12 ounces of imported beer. Especially if it's served with a smile.
1	We've been to Yard House many times.Most times 4 or 5 stars. Love outdoor seating but today children were running wild & punching adults. Not restaurant's fault - maybe. Service oh sooooooo slow. Went to bar to ask for sweetener for our teas. Ordered onion ring appetizer - 30 minutes later it came out cold. Ironically the table next to ours sent back cold food twice!! This is the FIRST time either one of us has gotten up and left any restaurant. Guess you would have to be in the thick of this to understand. As much as we usually enjoy it here - it would be a LONG time before we will return. Heading to strip now for a better experience. What gives? New management?
5	The service here was amazing. If you get Casey or Olivia B you will have the best service and great source of information regarding all drinks. Thank you
4	It is rare I'll give a chain of any kind over 3 stars. Usually they get ruined by things like budgets and financial goals. Food turned into equations instead of made by passion. I'm not going to say Yard House is passionate about its food. I will say it has a notable variety of food and it's actually pretty decent. That mixed with its signature variety of beers makes it a place I'm always happy to go to.My favorite item here used to be the ahi tuna steak sandwich. I guess it still is, but there is just so much to choose from. I haven't even come close to sampling most of the menu. However, you have a mix of Asian fusion, American, and Italian. Something for everyone. Yes, that does make Yard House part of the wide-appeal numbers game that is the definition of a chain restaurant. Still - it is well plated, well portioned, and of decent quality. I've become a fan more of the "snack" part of the menu. Smaller items of great variety, like another form of an appetizer. Notable?- The cauliflower is a great option if you're looking for something healthy.- The brussel sprouts and potatoes are tasty. Likely baked earlier in the day and then fried to become crispy when you order it - it's all served on a bed of a mayo sort of sauce. Probably not necessary, because the chunks of vegetables are well cooked in olive oil and spiced just enough. I'm a fan.- Hummus and bread. Well, it is what it is. Good small dish.- Tomato bisque. This isn't on the snacks menu but it has a great creamy texture with basil flavor, served with a fried basil leaf on top. I quite like this.Protip: if the tables are full and there aren't many in your party - you can just walk over to the bar, drink, and order the same food!
1	Ordered app's for a group of 4 local residents during a late lunch today. Chicken Nachos: chicken was so dry you could barely chew it, like it had been sitting under the salamander for an hour, cheese was cold and rubbery, the only fresh food on the plate was the guac and the sour cream. Coconut shrimp: Over deep fried as they were practically black and what's with the plating? You can't spare a little more sauce? I mean it's just drizzled on the plate with some sort of veggie sticks.  The real disappointment was the famous spinach artichoke dip that I used to love, but now it's a smaller portion and the taste was forgettable. The place was not packed for a Sunday afternoon, but the service was slow. Took nearly 45 minutes to get app's, had to send the chicken strips and fries back because it was cold, and wait another 20 minutes for a cup of chicken noodle soup that our guest didn't have time to eat and left.  Waitress was polite but seemed distracted, so the service suffered, but overall I wouldn't go back because it's all about the food, and the food was not good.Living in Vegas gives you the opportunity to have many great dining experiences and I think that for the prices The Yard House is asking, they could get their act together on simple bar food.
4	Great beer selection! Great food! Gotta try the ipa beer flight! Must have. Apps are good and filling!
4	I've been to Yardhouse (Town Square) pretty often for work lunches, which are beerless, and at a beer bar like Yardhouse that is a small torture. I've also been to the Red Rock location several times for post work pints, which are less torturous.Yardhouse is a chain, and the two locations are largely comparable. No miracles here, no surprises, no shocks. The beer list is pretty amazing, and so if I'm going here in a small group, it'll be for some sort of weird belgian quadrupel. Where yardhouse shines is the "middleground". It's a great place to go with a fussy group, or if you can't decide. There's pretty much an option for everyone- vegetarian, carnivore, no carb, the works. The price point is a little bit high, but if you've been dragged along, there are affordable options, as well as the "impress the date you don't know at all" sort of pricing. The food is actually shockingly good for a chain, most of the time, too. I have a had a few "yep, that was a formula. bluh" meals; the avacado, pepper, dry chicken and corn flatbread. That was a flavorless mess of huge chunks of slippery veg. I really don't want to feel like I have to cut a pizza-again to eat it.But the fries are fantastic; probably one of my favorites of all time. I have no idea why. It is simply so. The soups are always spot on. The tomato bisque and the French onion are perennial favorites, and the lunch soup and salad/sandwich combo is a pretty affordable meal.
4	Happy hour specials are great. Our table ordered original sliders, margarita pizza, chicken tenders, onion ring stacked, lamb burger, & buttered noodles  kid's plate.Onion rings were outstanding.Lamb burger, cooked medium as ordered, was delicious. Truffle fries were kinda oily.Restaurant was kind of loud & hard to hold a conversation. Will return though to explore more of expansive menu of food & beveragesService was good. And even though kids plate didn't come out with rest of food, it didn't take long after to rectify.
3	I love yard house, but this location lacks speedy service. We ordered a bunch of appetizers and some beer. Appetizers came, beer never made it. When we finally got out drinks, there was nothing to eat with them. The beer recommendations out server was giving us was just read through her little black book. She clearly had no clue how to answer my questions and severely lacked knowledge about beers as her recommendation tasted like water with hops... Food was delicious as always but the pork belly tacos are not worth the $4.95 price tag (EACH!) They were greasy and the Kim chi on top made it cold and soggy...  I'll probably give them another chance as I enjoy this chain's food.
5	3-6 happy hour $2 off draft beers and I love their sliders or the big juicy burgers on potato bun.
4	Located in the Red Rock, this place has such a huge selection of beer and food. This place has a lot of vegan and vegetarian options including lettuce wraps with tofu which are bomb! Their desserts are lacking, and that is my only complaint. Their pizza is great. Their wings are even better. The service here, for being located in a casino, is really good and the wait staff is nice and accommodating.
5	I love Yard House! They have a great menu selection.  My favorites are the organic tomato soup with grilled cheese and the pork belly tacos.  Friendly staff and great outdoor dining.
5	Most delicious place ever!!! Best happy hour prices around! It's a amazing place to eat really good service! I had the Thai chicken pizza, buffalo chicken wings, chicken tenders, a different pizza and the sushi rolls. I have been there a couple times for the happy hour special . Really big serving for the price it's super worth it.. The only bad thing I can say is. It's really cold inside the restaurant which masks the food cold fast.. Still excellent will give 5 stars and probably the only place I could give 5 stars to.
1	First off, I must say that this review is specifically for this particular Yardhouse.  I also want to add that I am a big fan of Yardhouse in Town Square but definitely not this one!  I am writing this review after the third visit and third strike against this place.  Drove all the way across town to meet some friends and showed up at 5pm for Happy Hour.  At this time, we were told that it would be a 15-20 min wait.  One hour later we were very frustrated and still waiting to get a table!  We had a 2 y/o with us which made the wait even worse.  I have never been to a restaurant in town at 5pm and had to wait an hr to get a table and I feel this is unacceptable at this time especially when there are tables sitting empty inside!  They finally call our name and we are seated.  Our waitress comes up and we immediately see that she is a scatterbrain (says a quick hello and apologizes saying she will be right back?)  Ask to see a manager immediately to see if we can do anything about missing happy hr.  Manager comes over and is a decent enough guy who says any drinks and appetizers will be at happy hr pricing but doesn't have a reason why it took an hr to be seated?  Order drinks and it literally took 3 tries with our waitress to get our drink order right.  When she finally did, it took another 20 mins to get a pint of beer???  This continued through our meal and needless to say, we were all upset and unimpressed!  The food all arrived cold and unappealling as well.  This very poor service/waitstaff has been experienced all three times at this location and I will not be coming back.  The friends we were with go there about 3 times a week and also said they will not be returning here.  Loser here in my book that needs to really get their act together!
5	I love yard house :) Professional staff and delicious food. For happy hour, i recommend pizza cheese/ham, garlic noodle, ck wrap, sear ahi sashimi. Calamari, ck fries sth, blue crab are kinda ok. Anyway lot of good food :)
5	Natalie knows customer service. Her ability to enlighten about menu items is useful and impressive! She exudes high standards for interacting with and serving her customers! She considers her responses and offers suggestions When asked. Food was as we expected ... Delicious. French dip was ok lived that it was served with horse radish. Green chili / pepper jack burger was succulent and well prepared!!!
3	Food was good.  Good beer selection.  Staff was decent. But don't come here if you want to watch ohio state. Got it changed once to them but immediately changed back. The Oregon game was on on five TVs in our area, one tv showing unranked teams, and another showing big ten network that was showing reruns. I'll try a few other places before I go back, if I ever come back.  Food was nothing to come back for, and maybe other places will show the game.
5	Never disappointed when I come here!!! Literally every item I've had, I've loved! Bonus... The variety of beers are amazing!!! Here's what went down for dinner tonight!!My beau and I ordered:- spinach crab dip - firecracker wings- surf n turf burger- Bahn mi pork belly sandwich*watermelon wheat beer*bacon Bloody Mary w/ beer shooter Spinach crab dip comes out nice and hot, nice balance of spinach and crab not too fishy like some are. Comes with warm pita bread and chips. I order this every time I visit!!!First time for the firecracker wings.. Yummy!!! Sweet and a little bit of spicy, but not too much, and had a nice cilantro flavor as well. Crunchy and not soggy. You haveto try these!!!Beau had his favorite surf n turf burger, medium done, topped with lobster and a side of shoestring fries and bearnaise sauce. Burger is delicious! Shoestring fries annoy me because they're too skinny, but they were perfectly seasoned and crunchy. Not a big fan of bearnaise, but went well with the burger. Pork belly Bahn mi was so tasty!!! It came with a side of naked coleslaw with lime (forgettable) but the pork belly was nicely charred and flavorful and a bit sweet. The Vietnamese sandwich came together with a nice radish, carrot- slaw with cucumber and mint on top a ham spread (really good!) and a light citrus sauce. DELICIOUS!!My watermelon wheat beer was nice and smooth, not sweet nor bitter, but perfect and the bacon Bloody Mary tasted like bacon and since we like it spicy, was extra savory! Not sure what to do with the beer shooter.. We just added it in! My visit to yard house red rock location is always superb, service is friendly and prompt, and am always left satisfied. Thank you Ariandia for you service!!! 5 star all day long!!!!
5	Woo Hoo!! This is my first Yelp review ever. I thought I'd start with one of my favorite places here in Las Vegas! I had lunch here at the Red Rock location today and the food was amazing like usual! My favorite on the menu is Shitake Garlic Noodles. I had the Jambalaya which is always delicious and my boyfriend had the Lamb Hamburger which I didn't care for as much. I recommend for dessert the chocolate Souffle with vanilla ice cream. The combination of hot and cold just melts in my mouth! Today we did lunch but I normally come in for Happy Hour which is between 3-6pm.. where a lot of the apps are half off. Some of the things to try during Happy Hour are the Chicken Garlic Shitake Noodles, the Mushroom and Pepperoni Pizza, Seared Ahi Tuna, Kung Pao Calamari, and the Moo Shu Egg Rolls! Yum! Service here is great as well... very consistent. I recommend this location over the one in Town Square any day!
3	I wanted to love this place since I know everyone else has found a way to. Our waiter was slow. I got the Halibut and asked for it without Bok Choy...it came out way overcooked and was served on top of Bok Choy. I don't understand why so many of the dishes at Yard House come with Bok Choy...it's not an exciting side and has no flavor the way they serve it.
5	This place rocks, great beer and complete drink menu, incredible food selection, everything is good.  Staff is good. Reasonably priced.  Love the Cuban and wings.
5	Absolutely love this place, great food and great service.  Lobster Burger is my favorite.
2	About the best thing I can say about the food at Yard House at the Red Rock Casino is that they have a very good beer menu! If you like bar food, the Yard House has an extensive menu of offerings, but everything we recently tried was less than mediocre.  There are much better bar food restaurants out there....Our party of four shared two appetizers:Fried calamari, which was the worse fried calamari I've ever had.  Overcooked and with absolutely no seasoning, it was bland, dry and disgusting. Lobster, crab and artichoke dip with chips and pita, which had an unusual flavor, not quite crab dip and not quite artichoke, and lost somewhere in the middle. Pretty bad....one taste was enough for me. For entrees we tried:Steak sandwich, which had a very tough and flavorless cut of beef in a bun filled with fried straw onions. Awful.Turkey pot pie, which had an undercooked pastry crust and served in a dish that seemed as big as a wagon wheel. Way too much food although it was filled with tasty chunks of turkey and veggies. Not bad, not good, but edible. Crunchy Ahi Salad, which had decent quality Ahi that was seared quite nicely.  This was the best dish we received. Fish and chips, which were greasy and sort of bland. Edible but not a lot going for it.Service was good, and again the beer was great.  The waiter removed the calamari from the bill after I told him it was tasteless. We won't be back, except maybe for a beer.
3	It's a upscale sports bar. There are a lot of TVs and a lot of noise. You have the option of outside seating. Even if it's cold out, they have good heating lamps. The staff is pretty nice and I have never had too many problems the times that I have gone. When I go, I usually stick to the steaks on the menu. You can't go wrong with those options. I have tried some salads and pastas. Those are always ok. I've had almost every appetizer and my favorite is the coconut shrimp. My biggest gripe about this place is that the menu is giant. My feelings are whenever a menu is that big, that can't possibly being doing everything well, or as good as they could be. If they cut down the menu size and focused on fewer things, I think there would be a better product overall.
1	I have never been so disappointed by this place until now. I went here with my family and found what seems to be tin foil in my food! When addressing the waitress she was very nice about it and she went directly to the manager. When he came to our table first thing he said was he doesn't know how it got in my food and it wasn't part of the recipe. . Well no shit..and then he said he won't charge that on our bill.. well I hope not!! But instead he doesn't offer a new plate or anything and just smiled. Poor management.. even the waitress asked if we wanted something else after the fact. Never coming back again who knows what else is in there food!
3	Dining at Yard HouseLunch vs. Dinner.Which do you prefer? I've had two dining experiences at this restaurant and they are completely different from another. One enjoyable and one not so much. So I asked myself why. Was it the atmosphere, or maybe the time frame? My first time dining at the Yard House was 3 years ago around 7, maybe 8pm. Let's just say cocktail hour. Haha. I couldn't stop drooling over the huge selection of craft beers. Again this was 3 years ago. Other restaurants didn't have such a variety at the time which made their beer list quite impressive. I tasted ever beer at least once and some a few times. :-)    I ordered the crab and artichoke dip as an appetizer and fruity cocktails for my main dish. I was on a date so I appreciated the dim lighting. I think the candles were even scented. Or Maybe I was just buzzed. Either way I enjoyed my evening.My second time was yesterday about 2pm. In my opinion this restaurant was to loud and lacked intimacy. I was disappointed. Due to slow service I only had time for 3 cocktails. It's a brewery for goodness sake. I felt like I was in a school cafeteria. I didn't know whether to eat my food or start a food fight. I was terrified. Kids were running around everywhere. I was waiting for the servers to get trampled. I will never step foot in The Yard House before 8pm.
5	Went here lastnight for the happy hr during the NFL game.  Place was packed with a great crowd.  We were seated within a appropriate time.  The server was very pleasant and quick with the food and drinks.   We highly recommend the pizza, wings and garlic noodles from the happy hr menu.LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	We keep coming back.  Consistently good family environment.   And the food is great and priced right.
5	Our waiter Stephen was AMAZING, he made sure we were always attended, he made sure my nephews were always good made sure our drinks were always filled he even treated my nephews to ice cream once they were done with their food!! Hope to be going soon again:)
5	My husband and I recently hosted our son's rehearsal dinner at the YH at Red Rock Casino Resort.  Most of the wedding guests were staying at Red Rock, so we decided on YH to keep the dinner on property. We couldn't have chosen a better spot!! The manager, Vernice, and her staff of Summer, Brittany, Shelbie, and Stephen worked their tails off to make sure that all 50 of our guests had a wonderful night!  We decided on an appetizer buffet, and the staff replenished all evening as needed.  Drink orders were taken and served quickly with no lag in service.  At the end of the evening, the staff helped pack up food and decorations which was a great help to me.  (They also helped with the set up which saved me so much time!) This was undoubtedly the most important party my husband and I have ever thrown. Yard House made it so successful and memorable for not only us, but also for the bride and groom!
3	Friendly staff , some items are better than others.  Did not like the salad, the veggie pasta was bland. The Korean short ribs were thin strips of tough meat. Burgers, chicken wings, French fries, chicken fingers good.
5	Went during Happy Hour again. Service was great... food was nice and hot. The server even changed the channel on the big screen TV so I could watch College Football instead of the NFL game.. I love it here!
3	I have come here multiple times and I've always enjoyed the food. It's nice if you can sit on the outside patio if it's not too hot outside. The servers have always been very nice. My favorite dish is the Shitake garlic noodles. It's an appetizer but works well as a meal. Also the onion ring tower is a winner with the parmesan cheese. One consistency I've noticed is it takes awhile until your entree is served. It doesn't seem to matter how busy it is.
5	Amazing atmosphere but it is very loud so hard to hear the party you're with. Try the truffle fries, that's all I have say!
5	Yardhouse is the cat's tophat! Monstrous selection of beers on tap and tasty eats. Las Vegas is a really terrible beer city, so this place is an oasis. Drinking delicious craft and localish (west coast) beers out of a 3 foot tall glass makes me feel like the president.It's usually pretty dark inside, but they have a great patio seating area so you can choose your preferred ambiance. The food is upscale American dishes, but not snooty. I would strongly recommend the freakin SOUTHERN CHICKEN BREAST....also have had the roast beef dip sandwich, chicken with penne, and burgers. All very good and the fries are small and skinny like a baby's shoestrings and are money.Only thing to avoid is the margherita pizza. It made my girlfriend emit garlic from her pores for two days afterwards and she lost a job because of it.Just joking on the job, but the smell was very real and pungent.
2	Yard House seems to be everywhere I go. It's undeniable that their plethora of options makes it a desirable place for lunch or dinner. I wasn't feeling a majority of the items and decided to order the Korean BBQ beef appetizer since it came with a little bit of veggies, grains, and meat. The entire meal was great until I discovered a raw piece of beef on my plate (see attached photo). Hope they aren't serving all their guests raw meat!
5	We celebrated my Dad's 72nd birthday tonight and we had an amazing experience as how true customer service should be like. When our dishes came we had 2 mistakes. First my dish was a pasta dish but was cold when I got it and only the plate was warm. Our other dish had noodles instead of rice as suggested by the waitress when first ordered. I got a new hot dish and kept the noodles.Later towards the dinner, Alfredo came out and apologized for the mistake from the kitchen and  comp the 2 dishes. That's great customer service at its finest!! Thank you Alfredo
5	My favorite Friday night spot. Love the food, especially the Gardein options, great variety of beers, and excellent service.
3	Alright, so I went here for the first time with a huge group of co workers, and I got here early because they do not take reservations, and every time my co workers have come here for shin-dings they have had to wait a ridiculous amount of time. But this time I was seated quickly and we were served very fast, in and out.So this review is based mostly on the fact that they have a very good vegetarian menu that even meat eaters love. I am talking about the most amaze-balls buffalo tofu wings I have ever eaten, ever. Some of my co workers even got some for themselves they taste so bloody great. Their veg menu is much more than salads and veggie burgers, they have fish 'n chips, chicken wings, fried wings, and even meatballs. They also have some very good truffle fries and a California rolls app that is one huge circle of rice, fish, and ginger. And for those who like alcohol they have a huge selection of draft beers and wines. HUGE.Down sides are that they do not take reservations, lighting is very dim, especially outside, and wait staff can be slow at times. I once had my water filled all over twice after I told them to just bring me a bunch- I am eating buffalo wings for cripes sake! Anyways, other than a few hit and misses this place is a good place to come with a bunch of friends, but it is pretty pricey considering.
4	Half off appetizers and drink specials for happy hour for 3-5 or after 10pm, we love this place!
3	Nothing to be excited about anymore. Yard house has become so huge over the years, that It feels as if their standards have lowered since they are so well knows these days. They're at almost 400 reviews, so that can say a lot about a company. High volume of business can lead to neglect of customers such as myself. Repeatedly, it never fails that my drink sits empty before being refilled for at least 5-10 minutes. Every time. Without fail. Food quality seems to be lowering, due to the success of the company. No need to win over customers anymore. Management even walked right by our table, seeing my empty glass along with my husbands and did not even blink. Fries were cold, asada tacos cold along with rice and beans. Mercadito next door is a hundred times better.
5	After a year of coming to the house still love the place . Best bartenders Josh , Johnny , Troy, Oz, and Lauren you guys are awesome .
5	I could not have received a warmer welcome from the bar staff at yard house- Bar Staff includes notLimited too:-Jocelyn-Ray-Oz-Deanna- I apologize who I missed I just haven't been formally introduced!They have been nothing but hospitable and great- by far my go to bar- also the patrons are great - this isn't a typical vegas bar although it's in a casino, I feel like I'm on the east coast!
3	Came in on a slow Thanksgiving Eve afternoon for a few beers and to watch a game.  Jocelyn, my bartender was very friendly and attentive.  Enjoyed the Woodchuck Pumpkin Cider as well as their House White Ale and a Hoegaarden.   Lobster dip was also good, with plenty of pitas and chips to dip.  So why only three stars?  Unfortunately it is due to poor customer service from management. I politely asked Jocelyn if I could have the tv above the bar turned to a college hoops game as there was no one on my corner of the bar.  She was happy to ask the two managers working on the tap system to change it for me.  They both told her they were busy with the taps and "she could do it if she wanted to."   I'm not a brewmaster so I have no idea how many white shirts it takes to fix a tap system but I am familiar with proper customer service and that's not it.  I politely waited 40 minutes (the entire first half of the game) to inquire again.  Jocelyn apologized saying she had thought management had gotten to it.  She asked once again and 30 minutes later....still nothing.  I eventually just moved to a table in view of a tv showing the game.  Not a huge deal but certainly annoying.   Hence the minus two stars.
5	If you like affordable prices and great bar food you should check out the Happy Hour at the bar. I have a pretty predictable order. I like to get a few pints of angry orchard, the nachos and the poke which are all part of their happy hour promo. The bartenders at this location are all very friendly and easy to chat with. The only downfall is that despite the bar being HUGE it can still be a challenge to find a seat or two at the bar at times. I try to avoid this place mid-games because there are never any bar seats open.
5	Great food great service. Good prices. Happy hour deals are awesome. Not to mention the over 100 beers on tap! I have only been here before for drinks, they have great deal on their large selection. The food is just as good! Good atmosphere as well
4	Yardhouse is one of my favorite places to go for HH. The HH menu has a variety of food but I'm a big fan of the turkey sliders and the chicken nachos. The sliders are always moist with bits of carrots in it and mozzarella topped on the meat. The chicken nachos has fake cheese, real cheese, large chunks of meat and of course the beans, sour cream and guacamole on top. It's loud enough that when you bring kids it's not a big deal either. Their menu is so huge that you can easily find something for everyone!  Also, the HH is NOT limited to the bar. That's a big plus because sometimes there is no room at the bar and it is nice that they include all patrons for this awesome deal.Overall since its a chain restaurant there is plenty of service even when it's happy hour. We've always left happy and I love that YH is that much closer.
3	Oh where did my old Yardhouse servers go? My boyfriend and I came here all the time. We love the beer selection and the servers were attentive, knowledgeable and experienced. However, the last 3 visits have not been pleasant. Each time we see new staff and we wait, and wait, and wait... finally a server... 10 minutes. Order our beer and food. Wait some more, another 10 minutes before our the  beer arrives! 20 minutes so far. Now this is a Weds night, not on a weekend.  Did I mention I miss the great servers they used to have? I am writing this while we wait for our food. Server then comes by and says she thinks the wrong food was ordered.... ugghhh. Then bf's food arrives but no lettuce wraps for me...waiting... his food getting cold while he waits politely for my food to appear. I used to love it here! Why did some big company have to buy them and drive out the good service?  Finally 35 minutes after being seated I get my food. But has anyone asked if we would like a refill on our beer? No.... food is still pretty ok and beer selection is great. Got the servers attention to order beer and dessert, whew! Server that delivered BFs beer is one of the veterans... he's like hey! Where have you guys been! We tell him about our last couple visits, much like this one...  yeah we used to love it here...
4	Good place to relax on Fridays.
5	This is the best Yard House I have visited. When we make our trip to the Red Rock resort we always stop for a meal here. The food, drinks, and service went beyond my expectations. Matt C. took care of my family. He was extremely attentive and made sure everything was going well. He had to leave and passed us on to Christine, who was just as awesome. I had fish, I cannot remember the name but it was mighty tasty. I also had a few Paulaners as well. The kids menu has a good selection for the little ones. If you're passing through the casino and your tummy is grumbling, I highly recommend stopping in for a bite and drinks.
5	Huge variety of beers and nice food!Really nice place but very busy. We've been on Friday night and we had to wait 40-50 min. But we took nice beers, waited at the bar  table and enjoyed each other  I had Ginger Crusted Salmon with Wasabi Mashed Potatoes :)
1	This place used to be so much better. Now the kitchen is churning out mass quantities of food with no care or quality. If located in a lesser location, this restaurant would not survive. The food comes out way too sloppy and rushed for the $12+.
5	OMG the Korean Short Rob street tacos are to die for! I'm about to order another,  maybe two more
3	Yard House is a staple in the late-night-casual-hangout category for me. In that aspect, this Yard House did not disappoint! They are located inside the Red Rock Resort, with the usual Yard House setup. Lots of tables, good for group, and a fantastic beer selection. I would absolutely go back for drinks with a group of friends. The food at this location was a bit below average- it was all okay (pasta, appetizers), but nothing stood out as great. Unfortunately, our waiter was basically unable to answer any questions about the food or the beers. Something I usually enjoy at Yard House is how knowledgable the staff is about the beer.  Pros/Cons for going with a large group: They split the check by customer (so it was easy to see what you ordered and total up how much each of us owed), although we then waited more than 30 minutes for our cards and cash to be taken.
5	This is one of the first places I ate at when I moved to Vegas and it still reigns as one of my favorites! When going out to eat in Vegas with there being so many options it's rare that I go to the same place more than once, especially being new and wanting to explore. But I crave this place so I keep going back (to the one in Red Rock or the 2nd location in the Quad) It has a cool bar vibe with tons of beer options, which is where I was introduced to my new favorite, Leinikugal (however you spell it) Sunset Wheat - it tastes like Fruit Loops! The wait staff has consistently been friendly and the menu is as big as a book...and that's my only complaint, narrowing it down to what I want to order feels like trying to make a life altering decision. Ok it's not that dramatic, but I do have to keep going back to try all the different things on the menu that made me salivate just reading. The food tastes like fine dining quality, without the stuffy restaurant ambiance. I can't sing this place's praises enough and hope I get a coupon or something for this heart felt review, cause I still have about 20 menu items I need to try  :)
4	Really Good Food.Nothing complicated or fancy. Just good casual tasty food.I have gone to several Yard House locations in LV.Have always been greeted with a smile, shared a few laughs with our server, and happy with our food. How can you go wrong with that?If you drink beer, which I do not, that is apparently one of the great highlights of Yard House. They have a zillion different beers. It is one of their claims to fame.They can be really busy on weekends, so be prepared to wait for a little bit.But do not worry, the line seems to move pretty quickly.
5	Great food. Cheap price. Specially on happy hour.Half off draft beers and appetizers. Appetizers are very large portion. Restaurants kind of cold and dark.  Excellent service.  Good vibes.
4	Busy, Noisy. lots of Beers, Friendly great service.   Hamburger was outstanding, and fries were OK.  The wait for a table was less than the promised time, Nice.My friend liked her lettuce wrap.
4	Not as big as other locations, and waiting area is pretty small, but the quality of food and service is same if not better. I ordered calamari and my gf got the truffle burger. Both were delicious and I loved the presentation on the black truffle burger. Drinks aren't that cheap, but its fun location. If you want and like Yardhouse food/drinks then definitely stop by.
