5	Cool place to visit, you can take the tram to other casinos and the hotel was built like the Tribeca Grand Hotel or vice versa. Must visit.
4	As over the top as Donald's combover.I didn't know the Egyptians had casinos in their pyramids! Very much a theme place. Send the less casino-excited to this destination to at least experience the various theme-based activities. Ride down the Nile. Explore a tomb...
3	I remember coming here when it first opened and being so amazed by everything being so big and hi-tech! Now it's just another theme casino to me. With that said, it's a great place for families with kids. Check out King Tut's tomb, ride down the Nile, watch some IMAX movies, search for the obelisk, play in the arcade. Oh, those were the days.
2	This place was the ULTIMATE casino in the 90's. That being said, its not the nineties any more and 10 years in Las Vegas is an eternity.
3	I liked this hotel, but I wouldn't say that it was the nicest hotel on the strip by any means.  We had a non-smoking room in the pyramid, which was kind of cool.  The room was pretty regular (no special perks) and there was no amazing mall, like there are in some casinos.  All in all, probably the least desirable of the high end casinos on the strip.
3	Cool hotel. The rooms weren't too expensive (~100/night over a holiday weekend), and the onsite amenities were pretty nice. $20/day for use of the health club is pretty steep, but the package includes a lot. A bit far south on the strip, but not too distant from anything else.
5	I come here for the cheap rooms and relatively quiet atmosphere of the pyramid.  It's a nice alternative to the packed and chaotic clubs of other resorts and the service is always pretty good.  Check out their off peak season room rates and stay here for under $40 a night!
4	While the Luxor isn't the most extravagant hotel on the strip, it's clean, nice, and affordable.  Also a neat thing, their elevators or "inclinators" go up and down on a diagonal.
4	Definitely cheaper priced rooms at this hotel. Fairly basic and no-fuss room but nothing luxurious, after all, you only pay about $50-60 during off-peak times. Rather quiet and laid-back atmosphere and very spacey lobby area.
4	For a hotel on the strip, this place is worth the price.  I stayed in the pyramid room, and the room was much larger than I expected.  The noise from the casino did not travel up, so I could sleep without being distrubed.   My newphew and niece liked the swimming pool.  Plus it is adjoining to the Mandalay Bay, where the gambling is fun.
3	I remember being a teenager during the Vegas family-atmosphere heyday and LOVING the Luxor. The arcade at the time was awesome, and they had all these Disney wannabe attractions that I somehow liked.Now, ten years later, Luxor is kind of in a sad state of decline. It is one of the few big-name Casinos that still reeks of smoke, the layout is maddeningly backwards, and the cocktail watresses that wander around while you gamble are some of the saltiest I've seen outside of downtown LV.I'm not saying avoid the place, as the price is still pretty good, and it's still better than, say, Excalibur, but it ain't the place it used to be.
1	They should change the name to the SUXor because this place sucks.Snotty desk staff will take your 20 and still look at you as if you just took a dump on their counter, plus you will get NOTHING from them, so save your money and don't tip the desk staff expecting anything.The rooms are DARK like so dark you can't read a book comfortably.There are no full mirrors in the rooms, no minibar or minifridge.My television was missing a remote control which took 3 calls and 5 hours to rectify.The elevators incline at a very strange angle and it feels like you are on a ride at an amusement park only it isn't amusing.The plumbimg made a clanging noise all night and day "it's in the pipes". It was like Chinese water torture.The buffet at Pharaoh's Pheast was less than memorable, and don't go by what it says on the main floor, cause quite a few of the items that were supposed to be on the buffet were no where to be found.Also, stay close to your room if you eat here, I was running for the bathroom not long after eating.The internet connection they offer is neither cheap nor reliable as I kept getting disconnected and had to keep logging back in. There are many other places to stay that look like they are better maintained, this place looks good a first glance, but a closer look will reveal that it is not worth it.I once stayed at the Embassy Suites here, and would go back there before coming back to the Luxor.Actually most people I've spoken with like Alladin, Harrah's or MGM on the strip.Off the strip, the Hard Rock is great as is the Palms.As for the Suxor, well, I've learned my lesson.
4	The most affordable near luxury hotel on the strip. You can get rooms for under $150 on weekends which is pretty cheap by Vegas standards. Go with tower rooms 'cos pyramid rooms feel kind stuffy and dark plus you have the pyramid slope which cuts of half the room. The tower rooms are very comfortable. The Luxor pool area is the place to be on a hot summer day. For the price this place is definitely worth it.
4	one of the best looking casinos
3	Just like an extremely hot LA girl...looks great on the outside, but once u get inside it's quite boring and shabby.
2	This place is middle-of-the-road, definitely not four stars (thanks a lot Hotwire).  Plenty of WT and tour groups.  Drunk WT tried to chase my girlfriend on numerous occasions when I wasn't around.The only good thing is you can find $10 BJ tables on Saturday night.And by BJ I don't mean THAT.
3	This is the hotel that looks like an Egyptian pyramid, the one you see in all the movies.  It's a nice hotel but we had to go to a tradeshow at Mandalay Bay and the walking through the casinos maze was killer! Also the food court in Luxor was a bit hard to find, we didn't realize there was cheapo McDonald's $1 menu in the food court until the last few days!
4	I looove the Luxor. We stay here almost everytime, which is about twice a year. The rooms are inexpensive, and ordering alcohol from the Room Service menu is pretty affordable as far as Room Service prices go. I personally love the decor of the rooms. Pyramid rooms are dark, which I prefer, as it feels more cozy for me. The jacuzzi suites are little rooms from heaven. The jacuzzi tub is right up against the slanted window, which adds a bit of romance to those late drunken Vegas nights. Sure the water smells of chlorine, but that's to be expected anywhere, right? The suites also come with a fridge. No mini-bar, but again, room service booze is doable. $30 for a bottle of decent vodka beats hunting down a liquor store in town and paying $25. They also offer smaller 2-serving alcohols, with a mixer for around $6-$8.
3	Towers(East and West) and the pyramid, I like the tower room much better, near the pools and spa.  The inclinator in the pyramid is interesting the first time then it is just an elevator after that.  The rooms are smaller in the pyramid.  Love the bathrooms, separate, all glass shower, from the deep soaking tub with built in arm rests.  The soaps and scents are from the spa and smell so yummy.   Got some great rates in the past $60-80 a night online with some coupons for the spa, dining and IMAX show.  Love the decor of being in Egypt.King Tut museum wasn't impressive, but free.I remember when they did the barge tour inside the pyramid and that was weak too.  They closed that one.IMAX ride, In Search of the Obelisk was weak too, there are other movies. $12.  Like to location of being near Mandalay Bay and the tram to it.Pool is nice, four of them.  One has these huge huge columns with water spewing from them.  I seem to go when at least one pool is under construction.Came here for the long running Blue Men Group, saw it a few times, it was that good, what they do with twinkies and marshmallows is too hilarious, let alone pvc piping and neon paint.  You don't want to sit in the first 6 rows, let me just say, those seats come with rain jackets.... They have moved to the Venetian.
3	This is based on a stay in the pyramid......It's a cool property, but a little bit away from the action.  If you're a drinker, then you probably want to stay in the tower. The inclinator is an elevator that takes you up the pyramid at an angle.  Not only is it not the best thing for a drunk's tummy, but it can be complicated to make sure you're getting into the correct one.
3	Luxor has always been a "middle of the road" hotel.  The price is fair, the rooms are "ok" and the serive is good.  It is a cool hotel in terms of the design.I would recommend if you are a tourist and don't want to spend a ton o cash.
5	Best suite i ever stayed in and didn't pay for.The one thing I miss about working in the music industry are weekends like this. After a week of partying in New Orleans, we decided to hop a plane to Vegas to catch No Doubt play. Of course since we were with the cool crew, rooms were comped and we crashed in one of the Luxor's suites. Good Lawdy Lawd, what a gorgeous space. We were only in it for maybe an hour of the 24 we were there, but what a magical hour it twas :)
4	A great hotel for the Price.  The One Club pays off getting your own line for check in.  The Luxor has often been our home base when we stay in Vegas, but it loses a star for long walks when your room is at the furthest end from the "Inclinator"!!
3	I don't particularly like this end of the strip; it's all to Disney inspired for me. These hotels are starting to show their age, but the price is usually pretty good, we got out of there for three nights for less than our car rental!
2	I'll never get used to those Inclinator (elevator), they make me dizzy. House keeping is slow - It took 3 calls and 35 minutes to get fresh towels. And just like dae m said, this hotel is extermely attractive outside but boring inside.
4	and so begin the reviews of the most ridiculous new years i have ever had.me and a couple friends from college hit up las vegas for new years, and decided to stay in the luxor as it was the cheapest nice hotel on the strip for new years (try $415). the funny part was on the night of the first it was only 109. when you walk in this place you are speechless. i mean it's a f**king pyramid. the inside can hold a 747 (just the lobby). the rooms are not the nicest on the strip, but to get better you will have to go to venetian, Caesars, bellagio or the wynn, since all the others are pretty much on par with this one.  but its not bad. it has a tram over to the excalibur (so so so so ghetto) and is close to everything. i personally think the best part is the spotlight shooting straight up in the air from the top of the pyramid. that and the cheap beers they bring you while blowing lots of money at the tables (yeah i'm in debt). a great place to stay, but there is better. then again there is faaaaaaaar worse.
5	The Luxor is my favorite place to stay when I go to Las Vegas. The service has been excellent and everyone was very attentive and polite. The standard rooms are fairly a decent size(3-4 drunk girls lived comfortable in a 2 queen bed room, clothes, shoes, accesories, and all) and the jacuzzi suites are super nice and spacious and can be quite romantic.:) The buffet is not as great as the one at Mandalay but its pretty decent for the price and its not super expensive. Its a little easy to get lost in the casino but he pool area is really nice but come early on a hot day...I know...I said early..who wants to get up earlier than 1pm right, lol...but come early to get a nice chair and relax.Its a nice place to stay because its a fairly short walk to NY NY, Excalibur and MGM and its close to the Coke a cola store and the M&M factory place. So I really enjoy staying there.
5	I've never stayed here but...I always wanted to.Everytime I've been to Vegas, we always walk the whole strip from the beginning to the end to see the Luxor. The beauty of it is just amazing. The inside decor, as well as the outside is just so gorgeous. Doesn't have that normal nasty cigarette smell like most hotels do. If you don't wanna walk the 6+ miles like my friends and I do, take a cabby but it will be worth the trip.
4	Stay in the pyramid. Step out of your room into that big, big atrium. That experience alone is worth staying here. Look up when you're checking in. Wander around in a daze. It's simply surreal to walk into such a vast empty artificial space.
3	WHY is the West Tower SO hard to get to? We had the suite.. It was nice.. plus we got the adjoining room, so space was unlimited. There was a weird "box" in the master bedroom right in front of the double doors where the TV sat in. Bad placement..I don't think I'll stay here again. I really like the Monte Carlo.. I know it's an older hotel and not as bling-y, but trust.. if you guys have ever stayed there, you know it's awesome and TOTALLY worth your money. Plus, it's right in the middle..
5	I always stay at Luxor because of its affordability, location, amenities, lack of crowds, and service.First off, there's the affordability factor. True enough next door at Excalibur you have the cheapest Strip casino option, but for that you stay at a ghetto establishment full of screaming children and fast food restaurants. If you pay a little more, you get to stay in a giant glass pyramid with a more mature, laid back atmosphere.Location-wise the Luxor is right on the Strip and is connected to the other casinos by hallways, pavement, and shuttles. Amenities. Luxor has some good places to eat and includes a small coffee area where you get morning coffee and sweets without having to dish out big bucks for a buffet meal or room service. This is important to anybody who prefers a small continental type breakfast. I also love Nefertiti's Lounge -- it's the perfect place to chill out and/or rendezvous with friends. The seats are comfortable and the bands that play here can be fun and cheesy (in a good way). The Luxor also has the Strip's best spa.Lack of crowds is an important factor to me. Go over to New York New York and see the opposite: complete chaos with crowds everywhere. Luxor is more spacious and the crowds are not here. At Luxor you get elbow room.I've had nothing but excellent customer services from the desk employees and when I call to make a reservation. In my opinion, this is the best deal on the Strip.
4	This was the very hotel I first stayed at on my first time in Las Vegas...Unmistakenably ostentatious both in design and size- one is always in awe when you come here... My friend who worked in the travel industry  scored us a free suite for the weekend- fit for a pharoah...I love their swimming pool area and at the time they had the best buffet in town...with chicken adobo too!
4	I've been to Vegas about half a dozen times and never stepped foot in the Luxor.  So gald I did this time around, amazing architecture no joke.  And they don't have elveators just 4 inclinators.  Haha.  Love that word!  They have the biggest atrium in the world (that is what I learned) and from the outside the pyramid looks small but inside, not so much.  Also, a friedn that pyramids give you energy.  Apparently they do since on my way home from PURE I stopped and tried my luck at the Blackjack table.  I only had $10 so I played thta until 4 am and came up $350.  It must have been beginner's luck.
3	I have stayed at most of the Vegas strip hotels and here are my thoughts.From the outside, this hotel stands out like a sore thumb.  It's a bit eerie overall, but one of the cheapest nicer hotels on the strip.If you stay, DO NOT stay in a room inside of the pyramid.  Being buzzed and drunk will get you feeling even sicker since the exterior window tilt at about a 45 degree angle.  Pay the extra few bucks and get a room in the new and NICER towers.  Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.  Pleasantly surprised, but not wowed.Ironically, they have an awesome pool.  Lots of young people too which is weird for this hotel.The coffee kiosk here is really bad, so if you need java, go to the Chocolate Swan store located in the mall between Luxor and Mandalay.TIP: The Luxor offers a free shuttle which you can catch on the second floor in the front.  This shuttle will take you to Excalibur (ewww), but realize that you will be in the middle of the strip to venture elsewhere like NYNY and MGM, Aladdin, Paris and etc.
2	Stayed here once (in the pyramid) and the rooms were sooo smoky.  It was hard to breathe...don't want to stay there again.  Next.
3	Stayed there week of March 12th, not a bad place for the money.  Caught it right before March madness, darn.. due to significant other. Anyway, its pretty inside with the pyramids and the overhang (hotel rooms).  Have never, never won money in this place from all my stops there.  The restaurants in there are subpar, would go elsewhere on the strip as I did.  The shows were weak, unless your a big Carrot Top fan, who is playing there now.  For the women, they do have Austraila's male group, Thunder from Down Under, hear that is a hit with the bachelorette parties.  But, only issue is that its on the south end of the strip so if you were to go to Wynn's or Caesar's, its a good walk.  You'd have to catch the monorail at MGM or catch the bus which is what we did.  Why?  It was 90 deg while we were there, record highs.  But, if money is a concern, Luxor is fine.... if not, book something middle of the strip.
3	i never really liked this place and now i know why. i like to be in the center of the strip- like at Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, Venetian, etc. i know the vicinity isn't too far... but it was annoying for my friends and i to do anything but maybe check out Mandalay Bay. the pool is depressing, the layout is confusing (to get to your room), and nothing other than the fact that it's an "Egyptian themed" hotel. the rooms are pretty bland and have no view but a disgusting construction site on the pool. it's an expansion that should have been done 10 years ago. the maids were the coolest people, though. the lobby receptionists weren't very informative or efficient. we basically tried to stay away from the hotel as much as possible. even spent the night at friend's houses to avoid going back to the boring, non-classy, annoying hotel. it wasn't HORRIBLE... but we snickered at the thought of returning back to our room after the club or an event.
3	The luxor casino is pretty lame. But if you splurge for a good room in the pyramid, it is a nice place to stay. It's a bit inconvenient to be so far down on one end of the strip, but the rooms are really worth seeing. I stayed in a spa suite which means a corner room in the pyramid. The room was really large, and the spa was right in the corner by the window. It was really nice to relax in a whirlpool tub watching the sunset or just checking out the view.
1	We stayed here a few years back while attending a conference and it was one of the worst hotel experiences ever.  We reserved a non smoking room with a king bed.  Checked in went up the stupid and slow "inclinator"  which had a huge line due to its slowness because of the angle it goes up at.  Hay engineering geniuses how about putting the real elevators in the middle so you won't have to go up at a 12 degree angle.  We get to our room and it has 2 full beds and stinks.  My wife was pregnant at the time so this didn't work.  Back to the front desk where they explain they can't guarantee the room you book, now thats customer service for you!  They were kind enough to find us a room in the tower with a king bed which is fine with us as you even get to use a big boy elevator that goes up and down.  The room looked fine.  That night though we find out that the mattress is horrible and you can feel the springs poking into your back.  To top it off we get the stupid f-ing ass hole inconsiderate drunk stupid f-ing frat boys that come in at 1 in the morning hooting and yelling.  Why in the hell do hotels make the walls that thin, especially in Vegas? I was glad to get out of that shit hole
3	After coming back from Vegas, I found out that the Luxor is actually in the middle of remodeling their rooms. This is a good thing. Our room was located in the pyramid, which has yet to be remodeled and is in serious need of it. The rooms may have looked great in 1991, but they are dated by 2007's standards. The carpet in the hallways leading to the room have come loose, causing lumps to appear in the middle. Not very attractive.Our room didn't feature WiFi, a coffee maker, or even a safe. These are three amenities one would come to expect from modern hotels. I've stayed in much cheaper hotels that featured all of these things. I could have done without the first two, but a safe is a must-have in Las Vegas. How was something like this overlooked?The room was also poorly lit, despite the fact that it had three lamps and three ceiling fixtures. Perhaps it was the decor, which was a tad dark as well. The plumbing has some issues, also. In the mornings, the overload from people flushing and taking showers caused a strange gurgling to emit from the drains in our bathroom. Another thing: Our room faced the airport. The airport is very noisy in the morning, especially Monday morning. There has to be a way of soundproofing the room better.In addition to all this, our shower had mildew on the ceiling. All this for $300 a night? Thankfully work paid for it all. Otherwise, I would have had a few words with the management.I'm giving the Luxor the benefit of the doubt at this point. My fingers are crossed that their remodeling job will work wonders on the rooms. My advice: Ask for a remodeled room when you check in.
2	I've stayed here with out of town friends a few times and I've never been impressed.The first thing a visitor should know is that the Luxor is at the ass south end of the Strip.  The only thing it's nearby that's really great for restaurants and nightlife is the Manadalay Bay.  You've got quite a hike from here to the Bellagio, Caesar's, Wynn, etc.  You will probably end up cabbing it a lot if you don't drive in.  So, the location is crap.The place has always given me the creeps.  That's just me, but it's true.  It's a creepy place.  It's a big glorified faux-tomb.  Creep-tastic.  The walk from the parking garage to the casino is ridiculous and turns into a freezing wind tunnel in the winters.  The cafe is not good.  It's a little tricky to navigate.  After a night of drinking, the inclinators to the room are enough to make you hurl, and you invariably have to walk about a half mile to get to your room once you get to your floor.The pool area is really nice though.  And it's fun to sneak in to after hours.Shhh!  I never told you that though.
3	Here I sit in my mediocre room in the towers of the Luxor hotel.  Hunched over my laptop, Indian style on my block of wood, er, bed.  Why wouldn't I sit at a desk?  It's clearly more ergonomically friendly to do so.  I'll tell you, dear Traveler for Work.  There is no desk.  There is a wee little metal table and some big giant chairs, but no desk.  Is there even internet access in here?  I have no idea, I'm using my wireless card.  Fine, you don't think "Vegas.  Duh, work travel, obviously."  And yet?  With all of the convention centers and meeting space and ball rooms etc, it's a HUGE work destination.  Is there some sort of I'm In Vegas For Business Hotel I should be staying in?Now I probably should have warned you that I'm not a Woooooo Vegas Baaaaaby!!!!!!! kind of girl.  This will temper my reviews, of course.  On the upside, it only took me about 15 minutes to walk from the registration desk to my room.  And the lobby isn't as smoky as the casino floors, so that's a bonus.  Is there a roller coaster in this hotel?  It certainly sounds like there is a roller coaster.  My reception at the reception desk was indifferent at best.  I've never seen so much ennui in someone who has only been checking people in for 6 minutes.  I can only hope this was the tail end of his shift.  After being late for my flight, I didn't have much time for breakfast and I'm starved!  Can't wait to see what room service has to offer!  Oh, but wait, there is no menu. There's all sorts of things referring me to the menu, but no actual menu. Hmm. And I'm sorry, but I have to dock at least 8 gajillion stars for putting mother f-ing CARROT TOP on my damn room key.  It's bad enough that his psychotic clown face is plastered all over the hotel, does he have to haunt me my entire stay by cruising around with me in my purse and sleeping in my room?  I am so putting these keys in the bathroom and closing the door before I got to sleep.  And just in case you think I exaggerate?  I've uploaded the photo for your nightmarish pleasure.  Crazy masochist.
3	My first trip to Vegas and we're staying at a giant glass pyramid topped by a beam of light you can quite literally see from space.  Ahhh, this is going to be interesting.I knew I was in la-la land when the directions to our room included passing two separate full-size Starbuck's shops.  Yes, to get to my room I had to take a right at the first one and a left at the second.  But I digress.  The West Tower rooms were decent sized and the bathroom was huge.  I won't comment on the beds as my time in one was...limited...by our strenuous bachelorette outings.  I will, however, mention the towel situation.  When I arrive at an establishment designed to house me for a short duration I hope that the towels will be slightly larger than a dishtowel and of a mildly more pleasing consistency than sandpaper.   The Luxor's towels look as if they have been stolen from the recycle bin at Motel 6.
5	I think the rooms must have recently been redecorated here as my last visit was in 12/06 for my birthday and while the room is still cozy I wouldn't call the decor run down.Could they have better towels? Yes. However, most of us are not here on business and are here strictly for pleasure with a limited amount of time spent in the room.Dining:The buffet was about a mediocre 3. Nothing to write home about and nothing I would revisit without the discounted coupon they gave us at check in.The Steakhouse, on the other hand, deserves a full 5 stars. You get the full wood paneling experience and the steak they served there was one of the best I have ever had - prepared EXACTLY right!  Add a shrimp cocktail and you have a winning meal.Casino:I started with $200 at the beginning of the trip and ended up with something like $300 so I came out ahead and was happy. Slot players are not what makes the house money, however, as the drink waitresses barely came around to ask for my beverage. Even after generous tipping it was faster to walk to the bar and pay for my beverages.Spa:The spa is interesting here. I heard it used to be one of the few 24 hour spas but I think it has reduced its hours. Full nice wooden lockers in the locker rooms and plenty of clean shower stalls. Assorted fruit beverages but the large screen TV that used to be in the lounge is now removed. Must have been too much lounging going on in that room. The sink area included complimentary mouthwash, razors, shaving cream, and deodorant and there were plenty of towels to be found - including damp iced ones and iced water for the steam room. This has to be one of the more cruisier spas in Vegas - I swear some of the older men were wearing holes out in the tiles cruising between the steam room, dry sauna, and jacuzzi. Please people, try to control yourselves and make it not so obvious. Also, guys, you are in a male spa, you are allowed to not be so modest and actually be nude. It looks weird when you go in the jacuzzi in swim trunks because you think you have the largest in the world and everyone will stare.Anyway, I digress. Overall, I had a decent experience here. The hotel is convenient to the Mini Monorail to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay and also has direct hall connector access to Excalibur and their 24 hour food court.I'd stay here again. I always have a blast here.
2	There was a cockroach in the bathroom. I didnt ask for one. I trapped it and they removed it and gave me 10% off.
1	For $300 a night, you would think that you could get a remodeled room with a King bed.  Incorrect, my friend.  Instead, you get a crappy, dark, old, stinky room in the pyramid with crap growing around the sink and a scary plastic shower stall.I, mark my words, will never stay in this dump again as long as I live.  First of all, the check-in is ridiculous.  There are apparently something like 3000 rooms in this place.  Yet, they only have about 8 people checking people in.  Can you see where that might be a problem?  Fortunately, my hubby showed up 30 minutes before check-in while I was in a conference, so he was able to get close to the front.  The rest of the time we were there (including 1am), there were people waiting to check-in.  Nightmare.  The Inclinator (elevator) is not for the weak at heart.  Seriously, it is an interesting experience.  Wikipedia just told me that it travels up the pyramid at a 39 degree angle...hence the reason it feels like you are going to fall down the entire time you are riding it.  Needless to say, I do not like this place.  There is no real redeeming quality...so one star it is.  Other Yelp reviews say the remodeled rooms are great.  Hmmm...I cannot see them being worth the price of a room at the Venetian.
2	Food here is not bad... gambling OK. Roaches in our room = BAD.Also the neighbors were hump o holics and LOUD as hell.
1	If it was possible to give a 0 star review - that's what I would give to the Luxor hotel.Let's start at the beginning.  I'll start by admitting I'm no fan of Las Vegas, as it embraces everything I think is wrong with America.  Being of that mindset, I was thrilled to find out that an annual convention was being held this year in Las Vegas, and it would necessitate a three day excursion to the city that has perfected tackiness.It started when I needed to book a room for my stay.  The first night was a modest $139, with rates climbing exorbitantly on the following two nights.  With a $400 stay for Tuesday night, I ended up booking the only room I could within walking distance of the Mandalay Bay.  Upon arriving at the hotel I was immediately asked about taking a timeshare pitch, an ominous sign that I'll talk more about later.  As for check-in, I did not have an excruciatingly long line, as I'd expected, but was given a double bedded smoking room in the pyramid, after requesting a king sized, non-smoking room in the newer tower.  Upon arriving in my room, I found it was dark, cold, loud and worn.  I investigated and found the hotel had opened in 1993, and for a property only 14 years old, it's definitely feeling its age.  (No wonder with 5,000 rooms and constant wear/tear with Vegas revelers.)  The beds had dingy bedding and only two *uncomfortable* pillows.  My $15 Internet connection didn't work (but wonder of all wonders) it did work long enough to charge my credit card.  Speaking of charges - the hotel and casino likely are jamming cell phone signals, as I was not able to make or receive any phone calls the entire three days I was there.  As I was there for work, I needed to be in contact with co-workers and clients on a regular basis.  This definitely proved to be a problem.  I had to resort to using the hotel phone twice to make long distance phone calls - once to check my voicemail, and once to instruct someone to call me at the hotel.  Upon getting my final bill, I was charged $14 and $12, respectively, for a one minute and (according to the bill) a zero minute phone call.  Add to my frustration every time I went to enter or leave the hotel lobby the same timeshare pitchman/woman would ask if I was at the hotel for vacation.  The final straw was when I was checking out and they asked if I'd like to come back for $99.  I turned and said, "You could never pay me enough money to come back to your hotel, let alone BUY into it."Bottom line: Do not stay here.  Whatever the rate you're quoted, it is not worth it.  If I had to stay here again, I would make sure you had no reason to use your phone and could be guaranteed a room outside the pyramid tower.  Don't hope to do a lot of gambling or partying here, either, as there's one overpriced lounge in the lobby ($9 for a whiskey and coke) and a small, crowded casino.  Save your money for somewhere that's worth it.
3	OK, so this isn't exactly the Wynn Hotel nor the Mandalay Bay nor the Venetian. But, it is the Luxor - a gigantic pyramid at the south end of the Strip with all the basic amenities you need in a place where you are never in your hotel room anyways. I stayed here recently for two nights as part of a package deal. I knew what I was getting into, I think that most people who disliked this place expected a bit more...? The hotel was big and grand and not too smoky. The Pyramid rooms were a bit dark and shabby in some areas, but were not hard to walk to. The bathroom was clean and shower spacious with convenient little toiletries for the taking. The beds were comfortable enough, not like I noticed much as every night we would just hit the pillows and zonked out immediately. The pool area was nice (aka the tanning parking lot), would've been much better if the rest of the pool area was open (half was closed due to construction), lots of tanning room and hairy greasy men. It was 100 degrees, so def bring some sunscreen. Had a late night bite at the Pyramid Caf... I would NOT recommend this place unless its 3am and you are desperate. Ate at the Pharoah's Buffet the last day there, it was exactly what you paid for ($15 per person during lunch time). Don't believe the pictures on the buffet ads... you don't get shrimp nor prime rib unless it's the dinner menu. The lunch selection there was quite terrible I'll have to say (I MUCH prefer the Buffet at Wynn, now that is a gourmet Vegas buffet!!). Oh, and I agree that there is way too much time share-pushing at the hotel. I would say we were approached a total of 7 times in 2 days. Grrr. Go away.Overall, if you can swing a good deal/rate on this place, it's not bad at all. Right next to the Mandalay Bay. Not a far walk at all to the New York New York Hotel and MGM Grand. We were also able to walk to the Bellagio and Ceasars without any problems. Any further and you might want to take a cab. Also, if you can upgrade to the newer Tower rooms for $20 more per night ($34 on wknds), I would recommend to do so. Would I stay there again? Probably not as there are too many hotels I have yet to experience! :)
3	Well i ended up in a Luxor suite for Interop. The room is in the pyramid (older part of the Luxor and it shows) Room was on the 20th floor which is cool because it has the nice view of the strip  Two older tv's came in the room. Bed was ok. Could have been better though. Did feel some spring here and there. The hot tub was facing a window was pretty cool.  Drapes had stains (I'm guessing from the hot water from the hot tub) and showed it's age. Bathroom was super clean. (which I totally dig) and the room was pretty clean. The dual AC units were pretty quiet. Room service was quick but pricey. Internet was 12 bucks a day. ugghh.  Last time I stayed in the Luxor I stayed in one of the towers. They were newer and roomier suites. Would I come back? hmm.. depends if they rates are right i might.
1	You want to stay in a hotel with ghetto clientelle then the Luxor is the place. No good looking men, neighbors smoking pot all night, cockroach in our room, room service quick and good at 3am, but too far from all the actions.Also, most of the pool is closed for reconstruction along with Club Ra so there is really nothing to do while there...must stand in line and take a cab to another hotel. Stay somewhere else, that's my advice.
1	Do you like Carrot Top?  I mean, do you really like Carrot Top?  If so, then I recommend staying at the Luxor, where you can enjoy seeing his mug everywhere, advertising his totally awesome show there.  I, on the other hand, cannot stand that ass hat... which is one of the many reasons that my stay at the Luxor was less than savory.  For only $200 a night (during off season), you too can live it up in the dankest hotel on the strip.  Dank, I tell you, dank!
3	Stayed here on our trip and it was alright considering we got the deal for dirt cheap. We got there and were upgraded to the towers (thank god) I hear the pyramid rooms are old and smell like stale cheese and cigarette smoke. Would I stay here again...maybe. Overall the experience was okay. The buffet sucked but the only saving grace was ordering room service and having breakfast in bed. (back to bed Bambi it is still daylight)
3	2.5 stars.  The Luxor is the epitome of mediocrity among the big hotels in Las Vegas.  I mean it's no Imperial Palace or Tropicana, but it certainly ain't no Mandalay Bay or Venetian!  The lobby is nice as noted by Artist Formerly Known As Stve X., but it is nothing like checking into the Bellagio.  They try to suck you into believing it's as nice as some of the hotels but it's a big giant Sphinx facade.  Take 2 steps past the lobby and all the intrigue gives way to an average hotel and casino.  A very dark, is there really such a thing as daylight outside kind of place.  Unlike Stephy S., we did not stay in a suite, we stayed in a regular pyramid room.  Which had no suitcase stand by the way.  And no real closet and no full length mirror.  WTF?  The room looks big because it has no furniture.  King size bed.  Check.  2 bedside tables.  Check.  Tiny side table surrounded by 2 tiny chairs.  Check.  A tiny hallway table to throw your crap on.  Check.  A gigantic Egyptian decked out armoir containing, TV, drawers, closet, ironing board and 6 measly hangers.  Check.  The bathroom was ok.  Except for the part where they provided bath rug...not a bath mat, but a bath rug.  Not even a soft one.   A crappy synthetic scratchy one that too many other people have stepped on.  And just cause they came out of the shower, doesn't mean they're clean.  These are not the type of rugs that can go through the washer on a daily basis.  I decided to forgo the rug in favor of one of the 3 measly bath towels they provided.  I called for 2 extra pillows because between hubby and I we need 6 (don't ask...).  Guess what?  They were out of pillows???  Really?  How could they be out of pillows?  Perhaps they were all stashed up in one of their really fancy suites!  Ok, I'm just getting bitter now.On a positive note, the bar near the registration desk is actually pretty nice...modern decor with comfy chairs. The pool area was my favorite place...mostly because of all the fresh air available out there.  They cheaped out and closed off at least one section of the pool each day because of lack of life guards I guess.  Also they didn't think they needed to bother with putting the canvas coverings over the frame like structures that were designed to actually provide some protection from the scorching desert sun.  Back to the negative note...oh wait, the previous positive note, actually turned into negative note.  The one restaurant we ate at, Pyramid Cafe...mediocre.  $40 bucks for a breakfast, a burger and 2 sodas.  Although kudos to the good old standard Mickey Dee's that fed me at 2 am and helped soak up some of that alcohol.  Also Swenson's ice cream treated me to one of my all time favorite ice cream treats, a scoop of Swiss Orange Chip (chocolate ice cream with orange accent and bits of chocolate chips).  Did I mention there are 3 Starbucks in here?  In case you change your mind after you pass the first 2?  I must say I don't get the whole Starbucks phenomenon.Though I wasn't thrilled by the Luxor, I was happy it provided easy access to Mandalay Bay and New York New York (via Excalibur).  Krispy Cremes towards NY NY and Burger Bar towards Mandalay.  Mmmm...burgers and donuts.Would I stay at Luxor again?  Don't think so.
3	The idea of staying in a hotel designed like a pyramid appealed to my inner Egyptologist.  Unfortunately, the reality of actually being in a pyramid room was sad and nothing like my fantasies of living it up like Egyptian royalty.  Luxor cannot compete with the big luxury hotels like Wynn, Belagio, or Mandalay Bay- its just a little too old and tired for that.So, let's start with check-in - as someone else has said, if you are trying to check in anywhere close to 3 pm, you are doomed to stand in a long, long line.  It took a good thirty minutes to check in and while their lobby looks great with huge, faux statues, there is nowhere to sit down if you're waiting for the check-in process.  When you do finally get your room keys, its a long, confusing walk through the casino to the inclinators.  The weird angle of the inclinators throw off your balance, not violently, just subtly, like you're drunk.The rooms are okay, but not anything exciting.  We had a great view of Mandalay Bay though.  What really annoyed me about the room was that there was no full-length mirror- how is a girl supposed to check what she looks like before she walks out?  And the towels smelled like burnt toast...yeechhh....  Overall, the Luxor has started to feel more like a cheap motel than a hotel on the Vegas Strip.  Its a good thing that the Mandalay Bay hotel is just a tram ride away because its much more fun being there.
4	I liked the Indiana Jones Disneyland ride feel of the whole hotel. Very surreal.The front desk staffer who checked us in made sure to give us a room on a high floor with a decent view. It was a nice size, though the lighting was a little dim. I didn't like the bath products that looked like they were in little mayonnaise jars or the fact that we didn't have a bath mat. I'm still working out my feelings towards the various types of mirrors in the room. I like the way I looked in the skinny mirrors on the armoire, but I didn't like the false sense of thinness that they instilled in me. I liked that I was able to pluck my eyebrows perfectly with the aid of the magnifying mirror in the bathroom, but I didn't like seeing every pore on my face in such disturbing detail.The beds were comfy and there was an extra pillow waiting for me to cuddle with drunkenly when we got back from our night out. Tita had to settle for snuggling with the extra blanket. The curtains did a very good job of keeping out the daylight, but we were still woken up too early by the whores next door who let their cell phone ring incessantly as they chattered away at 6am.The Sunday brunch buffet, while not mind-blowing, was certainly decent enough, AND we got a $3-off coupon when we checked in. I am totally enough of a cheapskate to use a coupon at the buffet. Also, endless pretty good mimosas! And tasty carnitas! And chocolate cake!The pool area was nice, not overcrowded but plenty of hotties. The security staff let us hang even though we had checked out and didn't have room keys. It was hot as hell and I forgot sunscreen, so I'm kind of lobstery today.The casino was fun, even though I lost all my gambling money. I did win $165 playing roulette, and then lost it all at the blackjack table and Deuces Wild video poker.The Luxor isn't the best place you can stay on the Strip, but it tries hard, like the nice guy who's had a crush on you for a long time and you finally let him take you out to dinner. I like that.
2	Carrot Top plastered everywhere on publicity posters? EW, disgusting.Cheapest rate on a busy weekend? Better than Excalibur, but not by much.Nasty green goop found on pillow but no free upgrade? SO not cool.And then you moved us to a room FARTHER from the inclinator? What in the world ...Luxor, please put the LUX back in luxury. The dingy rooms, yucky accomodations, and seedy shows are not equivalent with the best that Vegas has to offer. Sure, you're 1/4 decent, but the best things about you were the pool, the La Salsa restaurant and Nathan's hot dogs in the food court.
3	Luxor has potential to be a great hotel but they fall short a little in some areas. First of all, employees trick you when you first walk in the door to check in. They're standing near the front doors and if they see a couple with suitcases, they'll say "Checking in? For how many nights?" We'll respond and they'll say "Great, let me get you some free gifts." So you stand there while they walk away for five seconds to get something (???) and come back to you and say "Do you have anything that proves you live at the same address?" We didn't but she was persistent and brought up every type of ID possible. We still didn't know what she was asking us about. We finally convinced her we didn't have anything with the same address on it and she told us where to check in. We assume she wanted to coerce us into a timeshare deal. How many more times did we get stopped by employees wanting to talk to us about this during our three-night stay? Four more times! It sucked! Stop hassling me! We're trying to find our damn rooms through the maze of casino rooms and restaurants! The rooms are alright. Nothing special. No refrigerator, which sucked since people tend to have food and drinks they carry around. The AC wasn't the strongest and it's a very long walk to anything if you're staying in the west tower.The price is fair and the location is good but if you want to stay in this part of LV, stay at Mandalay Bay if you can afford it.
3	Can't recommend my stay here, but didn't hate it either.  Stayed in the pyramid and found the elevators (inclinators?) to be disconcerting.  The whole second floor above the casino floor is like a bad hangover from the "Bring the Whole Family to Vegas" days of the 1990s.  The bars/clubs kinda suck ass, too.
4	**  was in SF at all star game post party...  **Luxor promo dude flipped me and my three guy crew $100 chips.  Yes, the Luxor in vegas.  Yes it was an all star game post-party.  Money won is not as sweet as money earned helping college students get out of debt.  But it's still ok...The only catch is/are-You have to gamble and win ONCE (or you lose the comp chip)- You have to do it in VegasPaul Garcia's (Casino Operations Manager) pvt line for hotel hook up is 702 730 5823.  Say you heard it at "all star jam party" for room comps.  Aaron Capista, liar that told me my friend Katherine was engaged to his b.f., is also Casino Operations Manager (as per card).  THIS SECRET NUMBER WILL BE UP UNTIL FRI
3	As all hotels once stood, Luxor started to show its age. I just came back from a weekend trip to Vegas and I stayed at the hotel. The staffs were friendly and people are helpful. I had no problems with the services. However, the room is kinda disappointing --- There was a huge oil spot on the carpet and the pillow didn't look that clean, I found some leftover hair in the bathtub.......not cool, i know...
2	the luxor's sorta-kinda-cool-from-the-outside pyramid shape wreaks havoc on the hotel rooms within.  low ceilings, angled windows that you have to lean back at a precarious angle to see out of (and that, even with the dark tint, require the curtains to be drawn at all times to keep the room from heating up to uncomfortable degrees), and ... malfunctioning plumbing.  we thought it was just our room that was cursed with a non-flushing toilet.  but friends who have stayed at the luxor in the past were quick to mention experiencing the same issue.  all i can come up with is that this is a HUGE design flaw in the pyramidal structure: none of the rooms are directly above one another, so it would seem that none of the pipes would be directly lined up in a vertical fashion, resulting in poor water flow?  clearly i am not a physicist or engineer, but that's the only thing i can think of to explain the issue, since the bathrooms on the main floor of the casino seemed to function properly.  amenities in the hotel were mixed: no good food options (a mini-food court with some nasty fast food, about six starbucks, and a buffet), an ok spa, and an ok pool.  they have systematically removed anything that might cast a shadow from the pool area to make the non-fee area as uncomfortable as possible and encourage use of the $30 "private" area with umbrellas, cabanas, and shade to spare.  best $30 i spent in vegas.  seriously.  the location is ok, as it's connected to mandalay, but you're not extremely close to the rest of the casinos and will end up taking cabs a fair amount.
4	This was my first time In Las Vegas and we stayed at the Luxor and were very happy we stayed there. Its a central location on the Vegas strip, clean room and good service, we were pleased! The theme and ambiance of the hotel and casino was nice too! I would stay here again for sure!
2	My fourth time in Vegas we stayed at the Luxor. Probably wasn't such a good thing that the third time we were at the Venetian because the standard had been set pretty high.  Really though we weren't looking for a total Vegas experience.  My boyfriend was there for work and we kind of just planned to chill. In the 110 degree sun we spent time at the pool and I was busy looking for shade because there is no way you can drink vodka and grapefruit juice slathered in oil baking under a sub-Saharan sun.  The pool was very packed and I was a little surprised because there are such nice pools nearby, like Mandalay Bay.  But it was convenient and apparently a popular weekend to be in Vegas.  As I lay in the shade scanning the complementary Vegas magazine I can't help but look at everybody, I'm looking at their bodies and their state of intoxication.  I'm wondering how much time they spend at the gym, what Midwest state they are from and if the couple making out on the side of the pool are on ecstacy. I am wearing dark sunglasses so for all these people know I could be asleep and am not staring at their breasts. I look back at my magazine when the ladies who are sitting directly across from me return with their aluminum bottles of Bud Light.  One of them has a fresh looking tattoo and I squint to try to make out the words and as I stare and squint I see that it says in curly lettering "Brad's Bitch."  Did she have a crazy drunken night or what?  I then thought that there is no way someone would really tattoo that on themselves but then I thought, maybe someone actually would. Some guys came by their chairs and one of them posed for a picture next to her freshly tattooed arm.  Could that have been Brad?  I mean I hope that was Brad and I hope that was his real name.This was one of three stories I left the Luxor with so I'm giving it only two stars because there are many other options in Las Vegas.  I truthfully can't say it was a bad experience overall but the atmosphere felt like Reno,
2	Luxor, hmm...i will TRY to be nice with my review because this place was...at the end of the strip. HA! The rooms are small and dark and the hotel is completely confusing. Very comfortable beds, not that I spent much time in them. The Inclinator (elevator) is an interesting experience. It's connected to mandalay, but you're not close to the rest of the better casinos. The buffet was certainly decent enough. The pool area was nice, not overcrowded. Overall...eh, ok.
3	Again, I didn't stay here, but I'm glad I didn't.  The outside of the hotel looks awesome (come on, it's a giant pyramid, you can't really screw that up) but the inside was pretty bland.  I went to the King Tut Museum and Tomb.  It's supposed to be an exact replica of the Tomb and different artifacts found inside.  Wasn't worth $10, but was pretty neat just to look at some of the artifacts, even if they weren't the real thing.
3	I have stayed here twice, once with family and once with my boyfriend.  It is a nice affordable place.  A bit far from the rest of the big hotel names, but I guess location-wise...you get what you pay for...so don't go if you don't mind the walk (or cab ride) to other places on the strip.  When I went with my boyfriend, the pool was being remodeled (boo..-1 star), and since I arrived on a Sunday afternoon with my boyfriend there were a lot of drunken people with mimosas in plastic champagne glasses stumbling away from the Luxor.  Prior to any drinking, we had to wander around find out where to check in, and got lost on the way to our hotel room a few  times. We originally had a room with a King bed but they ran out and we got two Queens.  Oh well, we'll survive.   The maids never came by however to change the towels or fix the bed.  Boo (-1 star)  However, with the two Queens we just slept on the other one the following night and survived with the towels we had.
1	I've been going to Las Vegas every Summer and try out a new hotel each time. This time I chose the Luxor which I was curious about just because of it's outward design.Check-in: Wow, the lines were huge! It seemed that every guest that was trying to check-in was having some sort of problem. It took a good 45 minutes to just get to the front desk. I had asked for a Tower room but, all they had left was the Pyramid Rooms.Room: Not bad, it was large enough for 2 of us. I didn't have any type of view to speak of though. The air conditioning was not working. Yes, imagine staying in Vegas with no AC. We called downstairs and they were not able to move us or have it fixed anytime soon. Rather than staying in the room we all went outside hoping it would be fixed by the time we got back. Unfortunately, when we got back 4 hours later the maintenance guy still hadn't gotten there to our room. Another 50 minutes later he finally arrived and fixed the AC. We did get some comps for this incident but, honestly the negatives outweighed the positives in this case.Food: We did order room service which to my surprise was really not too bad. Nice sized portions and after a day of coaching basketball I didn't feel like going out to eat and this was a nice alternative. I did get a chance to check out the other restaurants inside the hotel and I wasn't really impressed with any one in particular. Pool: I only got to go here twice and both times I found it a great way to relax. I was able to find a place to lay out and just veg. I loved being able to drink in the pool because the combination of cool water and an adult beverage was sheer bliss on a 100+ degree day.Check-out: Read above comment of the check-in process. Awful!!!Overall: There's plenty of better hotels in Vegas for roughly the same price if not better. I won't be coming back here anytime soon as I've got better things to do other than standing in line for an hour.
3	I've been obsessed with Ancient Egypt since I was a little girl and I was really stoked to stay at this hotel. I loved all the hieroglyphics carved into the walls (if you haven't figured it out I'm a big nerd... I got teased for wanting to be an Egyptologist instead of a teacher or fireman like a lot of other kids) and the rooms in the west tower were large and  nicely decorated with very large bathrooms and tubs. The hotel itself is beautiful but it has a LOT less going on inside than the other hotels and my family and I ended up spending a lot more time at the Excalibur and New York New York than our own hotel. I will say that I was really impressed by their Pyramid Cafe's food and the Pharoah's Pheast Buffet. The food was really tasty and much better than the other Vegas buffets I had eaten at. The pizza at Pyramid Cafe is made to order and very fresh. SOOOO good... it was a very pleasant surprise.I was disappointed that check-in doesn't begin until 11:30am... c'mon, it's Vegas! People are coming in at all hours of the day and making a ton of people wait until 11:30 and then having them all bum-rush the counter resulting in a VERY VERY long line is a system that does not work very well. Suzanne B. is NOT lying when she talks about the towels being tiny and feeling like sandpaper because as soon as I grabbed one the word "sandpaper" instantly popped into my mind. The hotel bed comforter was not much better. Very thin, stif and scratchy. Disappointing. I also expected that a big hotel would offer free wi-fi to it's guests in their rooms but instead I saw people in the hallways leading to the west tower walking around with their laptops trying to find a connection. Last but not least, I didn't like that microwaves and refrigerators weren't provided in the rooms. My dad is diabetic and needs to refrigerate his insulin and we had to call the front desk and have them deliver a bulky mobile one to his room. Also... I thought that maid service usually happened at a decent hour like noon  ;p  ... however, we were sorely mistaken when the maid walked into our room at 9am after a long long long night of drinking and gambling.
3	We were only here one night so my review might not be the most thorough. We didn't get a chance to hit the pool as we were short on time and with everything else available to us.My girlfriend won us 60$ on the second dollar we spent so we had the Luxor's Buffet for 20$ a person. It was great. They had everything from fried chicken to fresh fruit to soups to sushi and it was all fresh. If you can stomach the 20$ price tag, you should definately stop by.The place is on the south side of the strip and close to Mandalay Bay, Excalibur and New York, NY so it'd the perfect place to start a walk up and down the strip.My only beef was that the room was a bit on the disgusting side and they put us in a room on the end of the hallway in one of the towers. This wouldn't be a problem except for the fact that the sun was shining on the the other side of the wall our bed was on and heating up to close to 100 degrees. Needless to say we didn't get the best night's sleep as the room stayed much warmer than it needed to be. By morning it was cool again so it wasn't bad all night.Overall though, and for most visitors of LV, the Luxor is a cheap and well situated hotel to stay at.
4	The Luxor is a great hotel, and in a great location on the strip.  There is a tram that takes you to Mandalay/Excalibur or a moving walkway the other direction.  Or if up for a walk, you can go thru the mall to Mandalay.  My first stay I was in the pyramid, but moved to the tower.  I highly recommend the west tower as that is closer to the spa.  Speaking of, there are times of the year that you can get free coupons to get into the spa.  The workout area in the spa is good, but the real attraction for me is the coffee bar, fruit, and juices in the locker room.  The other part of this hotel is the pool and pool area.  A lot of pools areas are small.  But this one is huge, and has pool drink service.
3	Stayed here recently, in a standard room with 2 queen beds. The room was mediocore. I have stayed at Hampton Inns (associated with the Hilton family brand of hotels) and their rooms are much better than this. For a room with 2 queen beds, they should expect at least 2 guests in the room. But they only had soap, shampoo and moisturizers for one person. The decor and vibe in the room was ok but nothing that makes you go wow. Some subtle design hints to go a long with the egyptian theme of the hotel. We went with other people who also got rooms at the Luxor. 2 out of the 4 rooms had the A/C feeling like it was on its last breath. A positive was the window from the room had nice views of the surrounding strip, and since its slanted because of the nature of the architecture--its something different.The elevator is cool since it moves in a slanted orientation, but it definitely feels like they needed to do some maintenance on it. The doors were shaky. Also the elevators are all on one side, so if your room is on the other side, you will have to walk a bit. What also set Hilton brand hotels compared to this, was they didn't give free hygiene products like Hilton hotels (hilton, embassy suites, hampton inn, etc). This was a huge bummer, since I was use to Hilton brand giving them out. The pool are is nice, with a bar out there serving drinks perfect for sunny days.But keep in mind, they have a gym at this hotel, but it IS NOT included with your room charge. You have to pay $25 for a DAY PASS for the gym. Not very appealing considering, other hotels include access to their gym at no extra cost. It was a bummer for some of the guys in our party considering we wanted to work out before we went out. It looks nice from the outside and in the lobby and the rest of the Hotel's vicinity, but past that, the Hotel is dated and shows its age. And other hotels will provide better value.
3	this was also my first trip to Vegas. The hotel was neat looking. I arrived from the airport by taxi, so I never saw the front of it, never saw the sphinx or the light shinning from the top of it. Room was okay the slanted wall with the bay of windows was different. (The hotel is in the shape of a pyramid.) Next time I would probably pick a place that was a little more towards the middle of the strip as this was near the southern end of the strip. I would stay there again but I don't think it deserves a high rating.. just average.
3	Always have fun here at the Luxor! Right near the airport and an easy trip around hotels! Staff is always friendly! And won big at the tables! Awesome!
1	Customer Service/Knowledge about their Business Center.So I'm check in at the Luxor, I have to pay and additional 12.99 for 24 hour internet service (ok - don't mind).  I have to print something out (24 pages, simply word doc, b/w, nothing fancy). First of all the business center closes at 5pm.  By the time you stand in the huge line to check-in your room (check in time 3pm) get settled in your room and get your business stuff together the place is closed.So I called the front desk and told her my situation - I needed to print out a 22 page document.  I have it either via email or flash stick.She said I can use the computers near the front desk for $5.00 for the first 5 minutes and she incorrectly told me that printing was free.  It wasn't.  It's $1 per page.  WOW! That's alot.  So I go prusing around to get more info about the business center so I can be ready right at 7am the next morning.  Unfortunately, no one knew more than the center's hours.  The point was if I knew the services and charges I can weigh my options on what more affordable and accommodating for my situation.  It seems that the $5 for 5 minutes for computer use and $1 - 1.50 per page printed is the norm in most of these strip casino/hotels here.WHAT I DID - I hate that these places try to get over and $5 and $10 us (as opposed to nickel and diming) to death.  I used my laptop (with my $12.99 24 hours internet service (which is sometimes slow by the way) and I placed a print order to fedex kinko's at 12:30am for a great and it will be waiting for me at 7am (I got to choose the time and location)  THE COST: $2.49  That's it!  I need to take a cab and head up north tomorrow so I'll just do a pit stop and pick my doc on the way.Other option - the fedex kinko's is on Hughes Center a block from Bally's.  So if you don't have a car you can take the monorail to Bally's and walk.   BEATS paying a min. of $28.
3	FAQQ: I bumped my head on the goddamn window.A: ... You do realize it's a pyramid, right? Why am I the one asking the questions now? Jeez.Q: These elevators are psychotic.A: It's a pyramid.Q: I *LOVE* the Ancient Egypt theme, why are they taking it out?A: Because - apparently - MGM Mirage (the owners) don't like the Egypt theme anymore. Which is LAME.Q: This review isn't as detailed or as funny as your other ones.A: Well, guess what. Some people have to work during the day. Jeez.FYI ... If you're at flight level in Los Angeles you can see the beam of light. That is pretty bad ass. Oh, and I *liked* the weird angled windows in the room. I thought it was cool.
2	What a WEIRD stay this was...Start off with a "pyramid deluxe king" room...what was deluxe about it? The mold and mildew on the window curtains and valance, I suppose. My throat started to hurt immediately--psychosomatic? Yes, but had we stayed an entire night in that musty dungeon, we would have literally been inhaling far too many toxic fumes and mold spores--yes, even for two smokers.Having waited 30 minutes in the line to check-in (this at 3:00 pm, THE check-in time, with only one person behind the 15-yard long counter), then walked with our bags across the entire casino to get to the specified elevator for the area we were to stay in, then walking about half as far down the hall to our room, all we were looking forward to was a clean room (and perhaps a bottle of champagne). So imagine our surprise, ahem, disgust, when we entered our room. The wallpaper was peeling off the walls, the room was muggy and probably about 80 degrees or so--with the aircon on high--the bedspreads were dingy and aged; there was no minibar or mini fridge; so on...THEN we noticed the still-wet mildew stains on the window curtains and valance. Then noticed the mold...wow, this was unacceptable. I'm not one of the overly-picky bitches of the world, but when it comes to the service industry, I expect and demand to be treated accordingly to my money spent, and simply for being a patron.I telephoned the front desk with my complaint, and made it absolutely clear that the room was in deplorable condition. I was advised to return to the front desk to discuss the matter with the proper managerial staff.  No problem, really, other than the retracing of steps all the way back to the counter--a walk of about 10 minutes, literally.  After being redirected from one desk to another, a floor manager approached me and escorted me to the proper location and person to speak with.  In less than five minutes, the front desk manager apologized for the condition of the room, upgraded us to a deluxe tower king suite, and waved all fees for upgrading--hell if I was about to pay a CENT for an upgrade! So, not all was lost in the first evening at the Luxor. Our new room was beautiful, with a great view and much, MUCH more luxurious digs. We even got the special secret-back-way tour/short-cut from our previous room to the new one, which was pretty fun as we got the inside scoop on where celebrities stay, how they get past paparazzi, etc.The rest of our stay at the Luxor was great. The room service was always on time and always good; the in-house bars and restaurants were impeccable.  Had the first afternoon's events never occurred, I would be rating the Luxor a much higher 4 stars, probably. And after demanding improvement, the quickness with which my needs were met was commendable.  However, guests should NEVER, ever, have to demand results when they are promised ahead of time.  This is a reflection of a careless and sub-par management, in my opinion.  But because they were quick to make up for their mistakes, I give the Luxor a bit more credit.
1	I second the person who thinks that the hotel should be renamed the Suxor.Yeesh, for the money they charge for a room this hotel didn't have -anything- on Motel 6.  The costumer service was TERRIBLE.  Massive lines to check in. We had to switch rooms because the Pyramid room we got first was falling apart.  Seriously, falling apart.  (laundry list of craptastic-ogasmic-ickiness: shower faucet handle pulled out from wall, AC filter on floor under AC,  TV remote did not work, TV had missing buttons, no wireless despite advertising wireless.)Dingy, Dirty, Dilapidated, Destitute.I've stayed in many a nice hotel over the years.  This was not one of them.---By the way, if you've ever wanted to find out what it's like to live in Orwell's 1984 the posters of Carrot Top everywhere have that creepy Big Brother feel to them.  No matter where you are in the hotel our benevolent dictator Carrot Top stares down upon us.  All is double plus good at the Luxor when Carrot Top is around.   He is our benevolent leader and shall prevail in the war against our enemies Eastasia and Eurasia (Mandalay Bay and Paris respectively.)  The Ministry of Great Customer Service provides for all.   Less rations this year mean more than ever for citizens.  All is double plus good.  The Ministry of Truth  wants to remind you that Inclinators are double plus good and a triumph of the Oceania Ministry of Peace.---FYI should any MGM big wigs ever get their dirty little hands on this review... You've got one of the coolest (and timeless) exteriors on the strip in the Luxor.  An onyx black pyramid is never going to look bad.  Take a clue from the W hotels and make this place feel as cool as the outside of the building looks.  Dump the earth tones, PAY people to maintain the rooms (I know, crazy idea, but apparently customers aren't fans of holes in the wall and broken amenities on $250/night hotel rooms), and lastly, treat your customers like you want them to return.
2	You know, I stayed here, and figured out something...IT'S not that great.. heck stay at Treasure Island or somewhere else for a better time (Mirage, Monte Carlo, etc...) for the same $$ if not cheaper...I'm not into slanted rooms and elevator.. the fun wares off..QUICKLY....Go somewhere else.  Promise.
3	If you're looking for a truly average experience in Las Vegas -- by this I mean, not a bad time, but not exactly feeling as though all of your life's endeavors have come to fruition manifest in your opulent stay in Las Vegas -- then the Luxor is a solid, economical choice.Pros: directly connected to Mandalay and Excalibur, broadening your in-casino dining, shopping, drinking, gambling options. Great steakhouse (see other review). I thought the overall casino staff, bartenders, etc, were good for Vegas. I think a lot of that, however, depends on a tourist's attitude as well.Advice: stay in the Tower rather than the Pyramid. The latter rooms are a little musty.Check in: potentially the most inconvenient part of the stay. I managed to get lucky with timing checking in in the middle of the day, but they open registration at 11 am or so and I would see plenty of lines and tired looking people in the lobby throughout most of my stay there.Carrot Top: managed to miss that show. He's promoted ceaselessly at the Luxor, as is the Fantasy topless review. Weekends: Friday-Sun, just my experience, but I noticed a "class drop" on the weekend. General patrons' attitudes, appearance, etc. Had a better time at night during the week.
3	Really it's 2.5 stars.  The rooms are dated and not in a good way.  They are way past their prime and should be remodeled soon.  As in yesterday.  The elevator gets old quickly.  The gambling is ok.  I won some money, lost some money.  But it's Vegas, so that's expected.  Really the only good thing about the Luxor is the pool area.  3 pools, plenty of chairs and some eye candy.  For the money it's alright.  But just so.
2	i really didnt like this place. only reason why i stayed here was bc a friend booked it for his birthday. its far from where i normally hang out at in vegas and the room felt really small since the whole hotel was shaped to be a pyramid. oh the elevators...wait...i mean the inclinator os weird esp if you never been on it before. for the price is a tad pricey so i suggest looking online for a deal. only thing good about this place really is the pool which is pretty big. not as nice as the bellagio and what not but its cool. i liked it. i doubt i will stay here again since its far from my party area but since LAX opened i MIGHT give them another try.
3	My friend booked our room there because she found a good deal for it online.  Considering the price, I can't really complain all that much, I suppose.The room was clean and actually much larger than I imagined.  The inclinators are fun to ride too, since you're going diagonally.That's about it though.There's not much to do in the hotel outside gambling (granted, this is Vegas).  LAX is just meh, the atrium area is pretty boring, and there's only 1 inclinator that you can take from your floor to the lobby.  Knowing my luck, I wasn't too surprised to find out that our room was from the furthest point from the inclinator on our floor (ie. in the opposite corner).Like I said though, for the price we paid (I think it was like $250 for 2 nights total for 4 people), I can't really complain.  It's location isn't bad though, so it was easy to go to other places to eat and party on the strip.
3	The inclinators (instead of elevators) take some getting used to, but nothing beats watching drunks stagger out and list hard to one side for 30 seconds.For location, I prefer something more in the thick of The Strip-the Luxor just seems way down at the end.Even if you stay elsewhere, you should have a look at this place.  Totally unique architecture and decor.  Rooms are comfy and clean. The precipitous drop off the halls can be disconcerting.Buffet in the basement was very good, but I've had just as good cheaper elsewhere.The casino seems to be more of a maze here than most.  If you stay here you'll need to pick-out a couple landmarks to guide you through or you'll wind up going in circles.I'm a serious coffee guy and I didn't like the coffee available here in the morning.
3	Stayed here for my birthday one year.  Decent sized rooms, odd view, and generally courteous service...but hey, you are staying in a real pyramid.  That alone counts for something.  The spa inside is awesome, the hair salon/nail salon is not.  Do yourself a favor and go to the Bellagio for that!  It's nice to be right next the fancy "the hotel" cause its a quick walk.  I'd stay here again.  Oh and yeah, the elevator is wacky...make sure you take a ride!
4	You gotta love a place you don't actually have to leave.....The lovely Luxor was our home base of operations for our little New Years Eve extravaganza. And to be blunt it was great. We ate some fantastic meals (The Cathouse) and they have a great place in the middle to get sandwiches (Backstage Deli). So on food it gets high marks.The gambling was good....well as good as it can be when your loosing your ass at the craps tables. With friendly dealers and Pit bosses who actually acknowledged you existed. The night life was cool but limited to LAX and the two wide open Liquidity in the center of the casino. The overall experience of the hotel was great, from there wacky sideways elevators to the amazing views from outside your hotel room, I would definitely stay here again.
3	I don't know too much about the service there - my friends took care of all of that. The only thing I was to do was to show up and add fuel to the fire that was the party. The hotel itself, judging from what I recall from the party - the room was nothing special other than the fact that it could hold a dozen plus people including alcohol. ;D The inclinator things were alright. I have to admit that the place is confusing - not that I really care at that point. Not many things matter when under the influence and surrounded by a bunch of friends. After what seemed like an hour of drunk asking we finally found our way to the front. Don't ask me how, but somehow we ended up in a limo on the way to Rain. HAHAHAHA! That's good enough for me.1 star because my friends picked it2nd star because they didn't throw us out or have us arrested for lewd behavior3 star because they limos out front that took lewd acting fools like ourselves(again with the 2 entries)
3	We were in Vegas for Superbowl Weekend.  The room was nice but there was signs of wear and tear (just a little) but the kicker was that there was a jacuzzi in our room.  Very nice.  The bed was very comfortable, a very good night's sleep.  The layout of the room could have been a little better, the television wasn't easily seen from the bed.    This only matter when watching the Superbowl, chairs had to be rearranged, and only one side of the bed could see the TV.  (I watched entirely from the room, R came up at half-time after watching it from the Sports Book.)  (All issues were minor, not worth losing a star over.)What I really didn't like about the Luxor is the elevator.  It is called the Inclinator and goes up at an angle.  For those that can be sensitive to motion sickness, beware of the elevator for the upper floors.  The good news is that I found an elevator that makes me be happy about the work elevator which goes up so fast, that my ears pop.
4	My family stayed here the first few times we visited Vegas.  I was underage, and I still had so much fun.  The "inclinator" was so much fun, the arcade was too (reminder: I was underage).  In recent years I've stayed at cheaper hotels, and it was never the same.  The Luxor will always hold a special place in my heart.  Its a fun hotel, with a great view of the entertainment level off the balcony :)
1	OUR ROOM WAS LEAKING WATER! We woke up @ 3am to the sound of water dripping on the floor. We called the front desk (took 5 minutes for someone to pick up) and the lady told us she will move us to another room. So we have to pack up all our stuff to move to another room. So where do we move at 3am in the morning, all the way to the end of the Tower.It took us 5-6 minutes of walking just to reach it! And apparently the pyramid leaks water according to the bell boy that helped us move. They put us in a nice room (mold was on the ceiling, we were too tired to care), better then the one before but it was already 4 in the morning by the time we reached it and unpacked, and we were going to check out at 10 am.So during check out, we ask the front desk if there is anything they can do for us, and this rude manager comes over who seems already mad at us for even asking such a thing. She yells "we put you in a better room then the one you had before so in our view you have already been comp". But we were only in there for 4 hours and that was to sleep, we would have been fine with the same room we had before. We didn't ask for a better room, just one that wasn't leaking water! She didn't want to hear it and said she can't do anything for us except comp us a free buffet, ROFL wow thats it?We sold out and took it, we were hungry and tired. So we get to the register of the buffet and they couldn't find our comp! I was like WTF, COME ON! The lady behind the register took our names and room number down and we finally got in for free (or so I thought). So a half  week later, back at my house I noticed on my back account a $40 change from Luxor, I WAS LIKE WTF!?!? I called and they charged me for my buffet! I WILL NEVER STAY IN THE LUXOR AGAIN! DO NOT BOOK A ROOM WITH THE LUXOR YOU WILL REGRET IT!
2	what happened to this place? it used to be nice but it's gone down hill quick. first thing I noticed when I entered the room was how hot it was inside. I know this is supposed to be an Egyptian themed hotel but it was Egypt hot in my room! there was a small a/c unit which I turned to the coldest. barely any air came out. next I noticed 2 pill containers in the bathroom filled with coffee (?). then I noticed the rust around the shower. nice. and to match the water damaged door. out the the bathroom I found candy wrappers on the chair. I called housekeeping and they blamed it on the previous guests. I waited for housekeeping and turned on the television which only half of the channels came in clear and the rest was fuzzy. when I was leaving it looked like they were cleaning things up. I saw some guy painting a bathroom door. maybe there's hope.
4	I stayed here last fall for PhotoShop World West in September. Overall I liked the resort, the food was good, room service was very nicely prepared and moderately priced. I did find the $15/day charge for the internet to be pathetic but where is that not the case now..I will be going back to Vegas soon and will make the Luxor the first place I think to stay because I liked the experience, the decor, the staff and pretty much any other aspect of it, excluding the wireless :)
3	I stayed at the Luxor this past weekend because we got a really good deal on our room.  I now know why.  The room was small, even though we upgraded to a bigger room.  As my mom said, I would hate to see what the small room looks like.  The bed was rock hard.  I literally have bruises on my hips from laying on my side on the bed made of concrete.  The walls are made of rice paper I think.  We woke up in the middle of the night to a woman screeching at the top of her lungs in the next room over, but you would have thought she was in our room.  She was screaming at her "f-ing ahole husband" in her own lovely words for leaving her down in the casino.  She was lost and scared apparently.  I wanted to scream right back....it's a fricken public hotel...yes they try to trap you down there, but go to security and ask them to escort your 40 yr old arse back to your room.  If you have to scream about this....your life must be miserable...your poor husband.  But I digress.  I stayed quiet, and she finally passed out.  I gave it 3 stars because the casino was paying HUGE!!!  My whole trip was paid for by the casino.  I went with 0.00 in my pocket, never withdrew money from my account because I borrowed 20.00 from my mom and was able to gamble 3 days, go to shows, eat out, and go to the outlet mall, all on the casino.  And after all that, I still came home with 100.00 in my pocket!  I highly recommend gambling here....but do not stay here.
3	The hotel itself was a place to sleep.  The beds were relatively comfortable, but I find it hard to sleep in any bed but my own.No mini bar or coffee maker in the room.  And $13 a day for internet access.The place is looking a little run down but they are making improvements.  Half the casino floor was roped off and under construction while we were there.  And the casino level bars and restaurants all looked really nice.For the price I'd stay again, but for just a little more we could have stayed at a nicer place.
4	Just stayed at the Luxor this past weekend.  I was a little nervous after reading a lot of mixed reviews, but figured, it's just a room, so how bad can it be.We ended up having a pretty great experience there.  Checked-in later Friday night, it was 11pm, and no line to check in. We used the North entrance because that is the Tower Room Check-In.  We had gotten a decent offer from the hotel, so we were staying in a tower room.  We requested a smoking, king-bed room and after reminding the woman of that, we were upgraded to a suite-sweet!  Our room was really nice.  I know it was recently updated(past few years).  6th floor, nice size and set-up.  Flat screen t.v. on wall, soaker tub with stand-up shower in bathroom, Bath & Body Works products in the bathroom that smelled yummy, and a wet bar in the room with a mini-fridge and a coffee set up.  My biggest complaints:crappy lighting in the rooms, scratchy sheets on the bed and the casino is being renovated-which on one hand is great because there's already lots of new restaurants and more modern bars/lounges, but there were several parts of the casino roped off that you had to walk around, so it's a little annoying, but I didn't really care. We were in the West tower, so it's a little bit of a walk to get to the casino/restaurants, but everywhere is a long walk in those casinos because of their size, but this might not be great for some people I guess.  One plus, the Spa and Pool entrance are right off the West tower, so that would be convenient! The Valet guys at the North entrance were all really great and friendly and remembered my husband's name half way through the weekend-that was a nice touch!So, all in all, we had a pretty nice experience here.  It's on the strip, affordable, clean, connected to Mandalay Bay and is catering to a 20-30 something crowd now!I'd stay here again if given another good deal!
1	It's  nice to experience all the casino's that the tram stops byBad customer service, I tell you , and this wasn't the booze talking.... We wanted to cash out and the machine got stuck , everyone that walked by us said they couldn't help us , nor did they refuse to find someone to help usWhen we noticed there was a 'gaming managers' office right in front of us  they looked at us and closed the door so we wouldn't bother them !Fuck the Luxor
3	i'm a non-smoker from california.  i'm not a fan of las vegas at all.  not much of a gambler, in fact, when i came here with a friend a couple years ago for the 1st time ever, i wanted to rent a bike and check out some trails.   but since i'm not a party pooper and this trip was solely for my good friend's bachelor party, i'll make the best of it.1st thing i notice the minute i stepped into the doorway to the lobby was the evidence of chain smokers.  it was subtle, but, gawd! now, by the time i got to my room, i can definitely smell the smoke in my clothes.  then again, my sense of smell is very strong.the booking was handled online so, checking in was a breeze with the check-in people.  i.d., sign here, check out time is blah blah and here's your room keys.the building is quite impressive.  the design and everything.  how they crammed everything in there and still have an airy feel is mind boggling.  you really don't need to go anywhere - you can stay inside and do almost anything inside...movie theatre, restaurants, slots and tables, topless dancer revue.  a full-on poster advertisement for their topless dancer revue was located inside our elevator to our room/floor.  see pics.moving along.i don't know which building we were in but it was the pyramid one.  everything looked normal in our room.  organized, clean, typical, and there was the bed.  it looked soooooooo inviting.  sooooooooo inviting for a..............HUGE BELLY FLOP!  yes!!!  dropped my bag, took off my shoes, sox and cleared a path to the bed from the door so i can have maximum air.  this belly flop needs to be perfect.  trajectory, height and centering has to be on point for this.  if you ask me, the bed had it coming.  it looked like it can take belly flops and then some.belly flop perfected and bed stayed intact with very minimal wrinkling from the bedding.  perfect bounce - enough height to flip to my back, cross my ankles with my arms across my chest by the time i landed.wow, not bad.  for the time i spent there, a few days only, luxor was interesting.  i'm more of a hostel type and seeing what they have inside was a little overwhelming.  as i visited other casinos/hotels during those days that seemed to be the norm.  staff was average but no stand-outs.  average prices and check-out was as beezy as check-in.
5	I am just so sad that I am not still in our suite on the 27th floor with the hot tub overlooking the city!  Why?  Why am I here and not there.The service was fantastic at the Luxor.  It helped that my sweetie tipped the hell out of everyone!  It was appreciated and all, but they went ahead and upgraded us to a better room right off the bat in one of the towers.My friends worked me over really hard so believe you me, I needed the bathtub in the first room over only a shower choice.  It was crucial to my time in vegas.I like that luxor is swank tack!  I mean tack is all over vegas, you cannot get rid of it!  But swank tack is really what it's all about. Oh and then they got us a strip cord b/c my boyfriend bought both his harddrives and his computer and needed more outlets and they found us a strip cord!  cute.the cafe is really not that great at the luxor.  DO NOT order a mojito pulease.  It will only serve to disappoint.  The buffet on the other hand is fanfrigg'ntastic.  I want now!If you need a little rest at 2am, Liquid has comfy seats to get some shut eye and the waitresses wear little corsets that are cute.  I love the luxor.  It was like home!
3	I used to stay at the Luxor all the time and never had any problem. Definitely stay in the towers and not the pyramid. The non-smoking rooms in the pyramid still smell like smoke. The towers are newer and rooms are larger than in the pyramid. Food sucks at Luxor, so go to another casino for fine dining.
4	Maybe if the hotel rooms were rented under my name I'd be a little more annoyed, but I was there for a bachelorette party and I was there for the ride so I have no room to complain.Our 2 night stay started off 3 stars though - gave us the wrong directions to the room, gave us 2 hotel rooms that weren't adjoining (even though they said they were), the rooms smelled, and it wasn't centrally air conditioned. WTF? The room wasn't THAT cheap.So we asked for a comp to get upgraded since we wasted our time looking for our room. Instead they let us check out late, but we still had to pay an extra $20/night. Alright. Whatever. And they said the room wasn't adjoining. We'd make do.But to our surprise, they WERE adjoining - yay! the rooms were much cleaner  and bigger. The 8 of us were much happier. Hence the 4 stars.The casino was ok. It's undergoing construction so there's a lot of black curtains and detours. Boo. The slot machine I played was hot and I came back $27 richer. Yippee! :)
3	I have good memories of the Luxor... But none of them have anything to do with the actual accomodations. I've stayed in much nicer places in Vegas (Mandalay, Paris, even the Rio) and I was surprised at how outdated my room was. Granted, I did stay in one of the pyramid rooms (older than the tower rooms). The bed wasn't comfy, no refrigerator, the egyptian theme was a little overwhelming and the room smelled stale and smoky. I did have a great view, though. And, I liked how convenient the hotel was to the Mandalay convention center. Also, the staff was super friendly and welcoming. I'd stay here again, but only if I got a great deal on a web site like Orbitz. It certainly wouldn't be my first choice.
4	While still great, Luxor isn't the amazing Egyptian place that I remember it as.  It seems to have been stripped a bit of its theme and leans more towards a "normal" hotel-casino than an ancient Egyptian oasis.Still, it's a nice place to come.  I've heard that the nightlife is quite fun there.  The arcade managed to provide a lot of entertainment, although everything seemed to close down a bit early for a Vegas weekend, which seemed very odd to be considering the high profile nature of this casino.
4	INCLINATOR!!!!!That was the catch phrase that kept coming up while drinking at 3am with some guys we met at the Liquidity lounge in the middle of the casino floor. The cool, yet scary thing about the Luxor, is in fact the Inclinators: not escalators, not elevators... something in between. Imagine: you step inside this normal looking elevator type thing and then all of a sudden you get thrown to the left because of the sideways inertia you weren't expecting.It was really, really, really bad to ride it hungover!Another cool, yet scary thing is that your rooms almost feel like there's nothing below them, like you're just floating in mid-air... not so cool, when you're 17 floors above the casino floor, but oh well. :o) So you don't look down... lolI liked the fact that this place is affordable, has a walking bridge to Mandalay Bay, as well as a free tram that you can take to either Mandalay Bay or the Excalibar. This place also has complimentary bag check so that if you have to check out and your flight doesn't leave for like 8 hours, you can leave your bags there and are free to wander the strip with no worries.A few downsides to staying here:  My room seemed to always be musty... I don't know if that was standard for all the rooms or not...., the onsite LAX nightclub and the onsite restaurant were both closed while we were there, so we basically had to go other places to go have fun. As far as good & bad: it's basically on the end of the strip, so it's a bit of a hike to get to other parts. The good news about that is that "The Deuce" (the double-decker transit bus) hits each stop on the strip every 6-10 minutes 24 hours a day and it's only $5 for a 24-hour pass.
4	my very first time in vegas [yea, slap me] and stayed at the luxor about three weeks ago. we asked for a none smoking room, but the room still smelled of smoke; and it was on the sheets too. but hey, i didn't care because it was my first time there; and about 90% of the time, we were not in our hotel room ha ! but they were doing some remodeling [cathouse] i guess... overall it was great. the cafe had some good food but don't order the vietnamese rolls because it was super duper nasty. they didn't fully saturate the spring roll paper or watever you call it so it was super hard to swollow... and they don't even give you any sauce.okay enough about that, but the stay was great; liquid lounge was nice; my sister swore she saw criss angel [they were filming there] but she was drunk; i would say he could pass for criss angel.. anyways. liquid lounge has the best mojitos ! oh and the cafe, they make a good apple martini... overall, the hotel was great ! had good service. loved the view and the bathroom with both shower and tub :] although i didn't get to take a bath :[ owells ! you get what you pay for basically [good deal].
3	*                                              *       *     *                                              *    /--- \    *                                                 /-- S---\-\                                                /----U-- ---' \                                             /------X------\' \                                           /-------O--------\ '\                                        /----------R---------\'' \                                      /------------------------\' \                                     / ------------------------ \'' \    The Luxor doesn't really suck. But it is not necessarily the most luxor-i-ous hotel on the strip either. ___________________________________Here are a couple of the problems that we experienced on a recent trip:*Thin walls. I really felt sorry for the guests situated in the adjoining  room. Don't come a knockin' if the bed is a rocking (j/k). Seriously  you could hear  everything that went down in  the hallways and in the next room.*Small Rooms (So much for ordering the 12 strippers). Hmm. Maybe...On second thought...*Dirty Rooms. I may be durrttty, but my room shouldn't be dirty.*Front Desk. I know that it's March Madness (hahaha to all you fools rocking the Indiana gear [1st round loss !!!). But 45 minute check-in?*Confusing layout. I can see my tomb being placed here. *Why'd you get rid of the Japanese sushi place? That was one of the few highlights on a previous trip. *2 words: Carrot Top_________________________________In the end, who really cares where you stay in Vegas? Free alcohol,great comps (depending on who you're with [def. not me, I suck at any gambling game]),  food choices abound, spas, and it's-------------- VEGAS!!!!!
3	Casino is decent, pool is fun, rooms due for revamp.. The suite I was in had water damage from hottub in room with furniture peeling apart.  When I called the front desk they said all the rooms were like that. ;o(
3	I don't know why or how, but I like and dislike the Luxor.I mean, it's modern enough, but old at the sametime. It has a lot of amenities, but the last time I stayed there, it was NOT a happenin' place on the strip. It's not as old school as the Sahara (with rooms that smelled like your great uncle lou's ash tray), or as new as the Bellagio or the Wynn. Or the Mandalay Bay, or NY NY, or.... What it does though is strike that equilibrium for people such as myself - those that make enough to not have to stuff 8 people in a room at the Sands, and instead pay a normal double occupancy rate in a hotel, but can't quite spring for the middle of the strip yet.So what does this mean? You get nice sized rooms and suites for reasonable rates, but you're stuck on the bottom of the Strip (thankfully that tram on the east side isn't too far of a trek through the MGM).I'd like to be able to go to Vegas at some point, stay at a nice place, like the Venetian or the Bellagio on a peek weekend, and just take a relaxing vacation, gamble a little bit, go catch a couple shows, do some major wardrobe upgrade shopping, and just hang by the pool. Until my Social/Economic situation improves (C'mon LAWSCHOOL!) I'm going to be stuck sleeping here. Which isn't bad, just a little inconvenient.
1	Stayed in the Pyramid. Big mistake!  Since you can smoke in the casino, even though I had a non-smoking room, it still smelled like cigarettes.  The tile and fixtures were falling off the wall in the bathroom.  The bed was rock hard.  They charge WAY too much for internet access (this was a business trip) and $4 per page to fax? I mean, come on!  I would not recommend staying at the Luxor.  I think a La Quinta would have been better, seriously.
4	I went to the Luxor last night, and I was reminded that I hadn't put up a review of this hotel, yet.  Can't say much about the rooms since I haven't stayed here since 2001 or so, but my cousins just stayed here and didn't seem to have any complaints.The Luxor has actually done a decent job redefining itself as a hipper hotel than it was during it's major Egyptian themed era.  The center of this is the LAX nightclub, which I've been to a couple of times and actually don't mind too much.  They also have the CatHouse inside the Luxor, which is a cool restaurant (so I've heard) & bar.There's a center bar here called Liquidity, which has a really nice ambiance to it.  They have a few video poker machines there, but in looking around last night, I couldn't find one that was 25c, only $1 and up.I ended up grabbing a drink at the Flight bar in front of LAX, which did have a couple of 25c machines the bartender pointed out to me.  I played for a bit and was very pleased with the large beverage I was poured.  A lot of casino bars give you a tiny glass when you're playing, but this one was a above-average sized lowball glass.  I'll be remembering this spot.There's another casino bar called Aurora that I think I've checked out before... if it's the one I'm thinking of, it's very spacious and has lots of plush seating.  I was served trail mix with my drink that included wasabi peanuts; I can remember that.
3	When I first started going to Vegas, one of my favorite activities was the simulation ride they offered at the Luxor.  I don't know how many times I was in search of the obelisk.  Kind of cool.  Kind of hokey now, compared to the entertainment offered nowadays.  My husband and I stayed here once, and aside from the cool ride up the elevator, there really wasn't anything special.  The rooms in the pyramid are basically cut short by the slant of the window.  All in all, it was a non-memorable stay.  It's very dark in the casino.  While I love my time at the slots, I dovalue the option of just enjoying what the hotel I'm staying at has to offer - and there's not much here for me anymore.
1	I am staying at the Luxor for the first and last time as I write this review.  I am getting more light off the computer screen than I have from the super dim light bulbs in this place.  Perhaps they only use low watt bulbs to try to hide the fact that this place is old and dirty.The bed is as bad as any I have slept in, in fact the bedspread is thread bare and and the underside of it has those little balls you get  from things being old.  The pillows are like the ones my Granny uses that she has had for about 50 years.  Super dirty!The bathroom only has a shower in it and I am a bath kind of girl.  However, I wouldn't sit in it anyway.  I think the towels are suppose to be white but they are a nice shade of dirty.  Getting back to the lights, good luck putting on make up in there, the light in the elevator is better than these.I'm seriously thinking about checking out of this dump and going to the Marriott.  DON'T STAY HERE!
2	Boo.  Major, major boo.What you pay for when you stay here is the name, plain and simple.  We got a decent deal, but after staying here, we still felt like we spent too much. The rooms are crap, the beds are crap, the bathrooms are tiny.  We chose to stay in the pyramid for the experience, and because we had heard about the "inclinators".  In retrospect, that was a really stupid reason to get a room there.  The stupid inclinators made me sick half the time, and their locations were very far apart from each other.  There are two banks of inclinators on every floor, and in the pyramid, the set-up of the rooms is a big square.  There are inclinators in two corners of this square on each floor.  We got put in the farthest possible room from the stupid inclinators, and since we did a lot of walking in Vegas, this was BAD.  A major pain in the ass.The location of Luxor sucks too, because it's at the end of the strip..If you want to stay in a major casino on the strip for cheap, go here... But you'll still be wasting your money.
3	Luxor is always a cool place, but like pretty much every MGM-Mirage property, I'm afraid they're trying to jump on the "uber-hip and trendy" bandwagon.  Seriously...LAX the Night Club?  If I wanted to go to LAX, I'd go to the real one and probably pay alot less with a "Want to Get Away" Fare from Southwest Airlines.  The marketing geniuses at MGM-Mirage decided that telling people that Brittney Spears, who either owns a portion of the club and/or frequents it alot, would somehow make the Luxor more "sexy".  Apparently they haven't bothered to take a gander in ole Brit's direction these days.  "Sexy" is not the first word I think of when she is mentioned.  I'm sick of Vegas trying to go "ultra-hip".  There's certainly a market for those schmucks who like to spend way too much on pink martinis to impress people they'll never meet, or to try to pick up girls/guys they stand no chance in hades in hooking up with.  However, I'm sick of EVERY property on the strip trying to go in that direction.  The Luxor never has been sexy, and I like it for that!  The reason the Luxor gets three stars is because its still a pyramid!  That in its ownright makes it cool!  What would make it cooler?  Get the Pyramid Brewing Company to open up a micro-brewery in the hotel!  It would be perfect!  Of course, I'd be asking the same Ivy-League material executives of MGM-Mirage who closed down the only micro-brewery on the strip at the Monte Carlo, to accomplish this task.  I won't hold my breath.
3	Stayed here for 3 nights recently.  The first night, we got into Vegas super late and we had a double bed room.  The room itself is outdated and the remote didn't work.  We asked housekeeping to come by and fix it, however, it took forever to come to our room.  By 2:30 am, I just put the do not disturb sign up.  The next morning, we asked to be moved to a king size bed.  Once we did, we were so happy!!!  The room looked the same, but the bed and pillows were a bit more comfy.. and the remote worked!!!  I personally wouldn't stay here again, it took 45 min. to walk to Bellagio/Paris area.  Would want to stay more central.
2	Stayed here recently as the guest of a friend, so how can I complain? Well, guess I can...First off, it's too far away to walk to the other hotels, so you always have to take transportation to get anywhere,The room is no different than any standard room you might find Paris or Bally's, but it had curtains that were a nauseating color, which made one feel queasy upon entering the room. The bathroom had large pieces missing from the tiles - I'm sure it's been that way for years. The a/c wasn't working when we checked in, so the engineer came up and fixed it. Guess he had to take the vent out to do the repairs - afterwards there were huge dust bunnies on the floor, which needless to say, never got cleaned up.Two stars because we actually got a non smoking room.
2	Long long complainy story short: I will never stay here again.I checked in at 9pm on a Saturday, had booked a non-smoking room and at check in, tipped the girl and asked for either a strip view or upgraded room. She said neither were possible because they're super busy. Ok, fine, I get a room over the parking garage on the 2nd floor. I walk in and it smells like someone just smoked a whole pack of marlboro reds. I forgot to ask, she forgot to tell, it's a super stinky smoking room. I call down asking for options: different room? pay for an upgrade? transfer me to another mgm property? refund? No, No, No, No. Apparently, I got the last room in the hotel at 9pm on a Saturday. Right, Claire, Very-rude front desk girl, I don't believe you.In the morning I go down with the boyfriend down to talk to the manager (I hate that guys can get more done in this world, but oh well). And after a talk with him, he offered us a "Player's Suite" in the tower, but still no view of anything good. When I asked about a strip view he said we could have a one bedroom suite with a strip view for $50 more. I kinda felt like that should have been given after the 3 phone calls and in-person complaint but whatever. The "Player's Suite" isn't a suite. It's a normal size room that has a couch instead of a table and chairs and a mini-fridge. The hall also STUNK of old food and ciggs because some very classy people had left they're room service tray in the middle of the hall with cigarette butts thrown in drink glasses.  Awesome.They get 2 stars for me winning $50 at a penny slot and giving me a mini fridge to keep our booze cold in. I can't handle bad customer service, especially for how much competition there is in Vegas! I'd much rather stay ANYWHERE else on the strip!
4	Parking at the Luxor is a cinch. For those in heels or piss drunk, note it's not a short walk from the garage to wherever you're going. However, the walkway has a few horizontal escalators, and it's not a boring walk, as you can glimpse the pyramid through the ceiling.The Luxor itself - a freaking PYRAMID - is a grandiose piece of architecture, full of equally large fountains and statues. Passing through their casino, we saw the floor was busy, even by night, in classic Vegas style. A crowd filled the bar and lounge area by LAX Nightclub's entrance. We partied, searched for a friend that we lost track of [1], and had an all-around good time.The men's bathroom near LAX is clean. How do I know this? Because I spent an hour in one, as my friend stood in a stall, desperately trying to lose his lunch, snack, dinner, and, oh, the 15 shots we helpfully suggested he drink over the course of the night [2]. I recall talking to a friendly janitor, but no one else (security, bystanders) seemed to care that I was yelling at my friend to puke and get out already [3].Four stars for fond memories.[1] he might have been under the influence[2] same guy we lost earlier (see [1]), it was his birthday[3] he finally upchucked in my friend's car, thank goodness for plastic bags
3	For my first review of my recent Las Vegas trip, let's begin w/ where we stayed.  The Luxor was our choice being geeks and all and the Egyptian stuff looked really neat in the pictures.  Something tacky and Vegas for our first time!  I passed up buying the ground transportation when I booked the trip since the hotel is only 2 miles from the airport.  Coming from Chicago, I thought we had expensive cabs!  But $25 to get there?  Craziness!  That's an entree!  So when we arrived we were immediately bombarded by someone trying to get us a time share...dude, I've been up since the crack of dawn and just had to fly almost 4 hours - let me check in first.  These people are all over the place - just ignore them!When we went to check in our agent had put us in 2 double beds (maybe she misunderstood the word 'partner'?) but they quickly changed my 15 floor pyramid room to a 3rd floor one.  Eew...now I'm closer to the floor.  But then we opted to stay in the West Tower and am SO thankful for that.  The room had a nice deep bath, a gorgeous view of Nevada mountains and just an elevator ride right into the pool and spa area.  Worth the extra $20 a night!  We had room service one night - it was prompt and fine for chicken tenders.  The people who work here are a delight.  Even when I called the pool to find out what the hours were the person was overly cheerful!  The last day our checkout was at 11AM but our flight didn't leave until 4 - unfortunatley they were booked so I couldn't check out late.  So we took the bags down to the *clearly marked* are to stand in a short line for them to hold them while we did some more hotel hopping...that person...also crazy polite!  It was surreal and I loved my first stay in Vegas - will I stay at the Luxor again - if I'm broke sure...but I think I've gotten the tacky hotel out of my system - I'm ready for some class next time!
1	"inclinators" are too slow, and in bad conditionwall paper is peeling off the wallsthe location is horrible for getting around the stripthe pool is not excitingThe parking is very difficultThe service is bad, and here is why:Our bathroom had not been cleaned when we arrived. We called housekeeping, instead a repair man arrived, and said there was a leak in the bathroom, which explained the pile of sopping wet towels. We asked if we should change rooms, he said no, the hotel is at 100% capacity, he would fix it.Late that night we returned to find water sprayed all over everything in the bathroom, although we could not see water leaking. All of our items were soaked. It was too late at night to deal with calling down, damage was already done. We woke up to a rain shower in our bathroom coming out of the light fixture. This happened three times, and filled the wastebasket we put underneath it about half way. When we checked out we asked to speak with a manager. I explained the story and pointed out that they knowingly checked us into a room that had a leak...we had never called for a repair man, someone else had before we got there. He only offered us breakfast or a room upgrade on another visit. (An upgrade is worth the same as a stupid breakfast)He went on to say that he would have to investigate what happened. Are you serious? I should have said "fine I'll wait here" but i didnt think of that until afterwards. I was offended. A hotel chain that brings in billions of dollars can't own up to its mistake and comp us our room? We were totally inconvenienced, and did not receive even close to the service one would expect from a major hotel on the Strip. After I refused to back down, he agreed to give us a free night stay on our next visit. (great I get to come back)He refused to give us a refund since we had already paid through priceline. As someone who has stayed at almost every hotel on the Strip, EVERY other place has been superior. I was very disappointed.Update way after the fact: I never even received the free room voucher for another stay. Really Luxor?
3	I'm here for a company sales meeting which was held at Mandalay Bay. When I found out they put me at the Luxor, I read the reviews on Yelp and called the corporate travel folks and used my considerable executive clout to get moved to MB. When that didn't work, I used my unending charm.  When that didn't work, I cried like a little girl.So, upon checking in to the Luxor, I braced for the worst and got...much better, thank you. The room is quite nice. Tub AND shower. The bed wasn't bad at all although a pillow upgrade would have been an improvement.They had $10 blackjack tables even at night and in the bar near the entrance to the LAX nightclub, they have a $10 table in a nice sofa setting. I was in awe of paying $10 for a G&T and a buddy of mine paid $6 for a Red Bull chaser. Ouch. But you can watch the natural and man-made wonders waiting to enter the club. Surprisingly, even on a Wednesday night there was a line to get in.The hotel covers a lot of ground. I wasn't thrilled with the walk from the room to the casino.The reviews here lead you to believe that this place is a complete dump. I didn't find it that way at all. After walking through the Wynn and MB, it does feel a little rough around the edges but certainly workable for low-rollers like me.
1	Luxor...how do I hate you...let me count the ways.1.  Shower takes 20 minutes to heat up...what a waste of water2.  Shower drain was slow so I almost flooded the place3.  Shower floor slimy from standing water...gross!4.  Bathroom sink drains smell like sewer...really...nasty5.  They had cheap extension cords running from wall to TV...fire hazardOh...and this was a 1 bedroom suite too...room 30058Don't do it!
2	Two words: Faded glory.The first time I stayed at the Luxor, I believe I was in my early twenties. (I'm now 31.) It had just opened, and seemed exciting, dramatic, luxurious, and exclusive. The second time I stayed there, five years ago, it still seemed like an upscale resort. I remember that the pool area seemed elegant, refined, quiet. I spent $20 to luxuriate in the Luxor's spa - a $20 well spent. I remember that the room seemed clean and very nice.Fast forward to this past weekend. Oh, lordy, how times have changed. The Luxor has become a stench-filled, Starbucks-shilling, depressing, run-down, depressing casino. What once seemed cool and cutting-edge - you walk into the casino and it's like you're really in an egyptian tomb - now feels claustrophobia-inducing. There is a Starbucks around every corner, which far from increasing Luxor's coolness quotient, makes it seem obnoxiously commercial.So, upon our arrival, we were greeted by the sight of hundreds upon hundreds of people, snaking around roped lines to register for a room. Here's a strange thought: Possibly hire more staff to cover a busy summer Saturday morning? The nice lady at the front desk offered us an upgrade to a tower room for "only $30 more." We promptly asked her to comp us, as it had just been my friend's birthday. Astonishingly, she agreed. Points there. However, we asked for two things: A non-smoking room, and a rollaway bed. Neither request was fulfilled.We walked into our room, and were immediately assailed by a wall of stale cigarette smoke so intense that the smell lingered even after we retreated back to the hallway, closing the door. When we went downstairs to switch rooms, the new registration lady told us that it was a non-smoking floor. Uh, yikes. Happily, we were able to switch rooms. But the room we got was pretty disappointing. To summarize:- Not enough lights. It was so dark we could barely see what we were doing.- No table/chairs, just two (hard, uncomfortable) beds covered in dated, cheap bedspreads. - No touted "Las Vegas guide" anywhere to be found.- No minibar.- Bathroom's tub and shower were nice, but the magnifying mirror was practically falling off the wall and had not been repaired. Oh, and the rollaway bed? After twice asking the reservations desk people, and calling much later that day from the room, IT WAS NEVER DELIVERED. That's right, three separate requests did not prompt the staff to roll a bed into our room.So, what else sucks: I have allergies and am sensitive to cigarette smoke. I can honestly say that I have never been so uncomfortable - runny nose, sneezing, scratchy throat - then when simply walking through the Luxor's massive casino level (the main floor). Having walked through numerous other casinos on this trip, only the Luxor produced that kind of reaction in me. There was an uncomfortable cloud of stale, acrid air in the casino, pure and simple.And the pool area? What had once seemed refined and luxurious now seemed crass and like spring break central. There were thousands of screaming kids, buckets of beer bottles everywhere, no umbrellas ANYWHERE (and it was a hundred degrees), and the only refined, luxurious part was the "VIP area" where you had to pay extra for nice, plush chaise lounges and umbrellas.The message: We treat our typical guests like overcrowded cattle. We are desperately trying to regain our faded glory by creating some faux exclusivity, so that only high-rolling guests get comfortable lounge chairs and shade. The rest can fry in the sun for all we care. And LAX night club? I've had enough faux exclusivity for a lifetime. They practically beg you to come to the nightclub by handing out "VIP passes" all over the hotel. Then, when you go to enter the club, they take forever to process the standing crowds, like there's any chance they won't let people in. Once you enter - deja vu time - there's literally nowhere to sit in the entire club for the normal folks. Only if you reserve in advance and pay extra do you get your own little lounge area. They'll taze you with a cattle prod if you dare even to glance longingly at one of the velvet ropes surrounding one of these choice nooks. (Well, not really, but you get my point.)And the food? "Fusia," the oh-so-creatively named Asian fusion restaurant, was okay. "Pharoah's Pheast" is now called "More: The Buffet at Luxor" - not an improvement. I guess Luxor's new owners are trying to move away from the overt Egypt-ness of it all. Having visited all the higher end hotel/casinos at the end of my trip, and having charmed my way into the leagues-above Wynn pool area as a non-guest, I can honestly say that I will never stay at the Luxor again. It's worth the extra cash to stay at a nicer hotel that doesn't induce periodic sneezing fits, claustrophobia, and asthma attacks. Oh, and stay away from the inclinators. They make you want to throw up.
4	I know that it is an older casino but I like older casinos. I have stayed here about three times now. I recommend that you avoid the inclinator. I was standing in front of that thing for like thirty minutes. They have a separate section with a different elevator that is much faster. However, there are prostitutes in the casino now. They look just like normal guests and are dressed very conservatively. It can get confusing. Hell it is vegas right......I like this casino better than a lot of the other ones. It is very comfortable and the rooms are priced well. NOTE: Still think casinos are a rip-off.
2	I have a love hate relationship with Priceline. I come to Vegas a lot for work and have been Pricelineing the Palazzo for around 130 a night which is a great deal. But this week priceline gave me the Luxor which I wasn't to excited about.The Room was decent think of a Fairfield Inn with cheesy Egyptian decor. All i really cared about was if it was clean and it was so 2 stars for that. The Casino is horrible and feels like you are in a room at a convention center. Mando Bay and the Excalibur are attached so it was convenient to walk over to these. Overall, I survived my weekend there but would never go back.
2	Got to stay in the pyramid, so 1 extra star. This place blows, as far as vegas hotels goes. The bathroom is loud, the wall is thin, and you can hear people shower in other rooms, among other things. Stay some where else.
4	Good place to stay for the $$$Have stayed here twice - both times in conjunction with a flight deal/air plan.  Really, the rooms and hotel are clean... the bars/club are decent.... gotta love the Egyptian decor, museum, artifacts, etc.It's not Venetian, but you also aren't paying Venetian prices...Perfect for the 20 somethings on a Vegas vacay budget.Only other downfall... I couldn't count how many times I have gotten lost trying to find my room after a night (and early morning) of drunken debauchery on the strip - the towers get confusing after all the booze!
4	This place was a great place to stay.  They made accommodations when we needed it and we got a tower room for a pretty good deal for two nights.  They have great customer service and the hotel was fun to gamble at.  The only cons I have at this place is the walk to the parking lot.  It is one long ass walk to the parking lot.  I swear I spent all my time doing that walk since we had to make multiples trips to and from the hotel.  Not to mention the hotel is from what I consider to be pretty far away from all the attractions of the strip.  I'm excited about the Criss Angel Cirque Du Soleil show that will start in September and will probably stay here in the future when I need a cheap place to stay
3	I felt like I stepped into a cheesy, historic flick featuring Egypt.We paid for a pyramid room, but got upgraded to a tower room. While this may sound fabulous and all, we weren't too happy. We were put in the east tower, and it's like a friggin mile and a half just to get to the elevator... and then a maze just to find the room. I liked the bathroom though, nice tub and shower combo. The huge frame of a mummy on the bathroom wall freaked me out though. There's something wrong about doing your business with a mummy watching you.The pool area wasn't bad, pretty big and super crowded. There was only one bar though, and if you were in the pool with the waterfall, you gottta make the long trek to the other side to get a drink... while burning your feet on the hot pavement, mind you. All in all, my stay here wasn't bad, but I think next time I'd rather stay somewhere nicer and farther in on the strip.
3	Not perfect.But not a hole in the wall.Great place to stay for the money.Room was average, nice bathroom though.Hotel Staff was so/so, but the Casino dealers were assholes. I give it three stars...more bang for your buck!
3	Our first night here was pretty bad.  I brought along my lap top.  When we got to the room we discovered we couldn't access the guest services menu on the TV so that we could connect to the internet.  They sent up another remote and the man who brought it up realized the remote wasn't the problem.  He called and asked for maintenance to come fix it.  We waited around a while and then decided to go get dinner figuring they could let themselves in.  I got back with the kids a little after 9pm and the man was there working on it.  He said he had to get a part and would be back.  Fine.  He called a few minutes later, explained the problem and said it would be about an hour.  We could wait or change rooms.  Husband T. was in the casino and I didn't feel like hauling all of our stuff along with 2 kids to another room by myself.  Plus, an hour didn't seem so long, so I decided to just wait.  The TV didn't work at all at this time.  2 hours later I called to find out what was up.  We were ready for bed by then.  They sent someone up who thought it would just take a few minutes.  He discovered it would take longer and would it be ok if he came back in the morning.  Sure.  Morning comes, we take showers and get ready for breakfast.  I gave the front desk a ring to ask if someone is going to come up to fix it.  They said they would send someone up.  Noone came until the early afternoon.  They got the TV working, but we still couldn't access the guest services menu.  That was it, we asked for another room.  Now why didn't they give us this room in the first place!  It's the same type as what we had, but oh so much nicer.  2 tvs instead of one.  I was able to connect to the internet, there's a nicer sitting area than in the first room and the jacuzzi is in better shape.Now, I know some of you are thinking, who the hell goes to Vegas to watch tv and play on the internet?  Well, if it was just T. and I, I wouldn't care.  But we're here with our kids and we wanted to relax in the room a little and veg in front of the TV.  So, now I know, if there's a problem with the room, don't wait for them to fix it.  Ask for a new room right away.  Good things about this hotel-the pool is very nice.  We spent a couple of hours in it today and had a great time.  There's plenty of places to eat, sit down restaurants, the buffet and a nice food court.  It's easy to take the walkway to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay.  The rooms are clean and the staff is very friendly.
3	6.28.08 There was a bunch of construction going on although I don't really see people actually working on it. I just see a bunch of caution sign with those yellow ribbons to block certain areas off. But that was about it. The rooms are decent. Comfortable, clean and it was good actually. The swimming pools are cool. There were 3 of them open. The downfall was this ugly smell near the restrooms. Uggghhh... So nasty..There's really nothing to do in the Luxor but if you're looking for a cheap stay and comfortable rooms I would choose to come here. The weird part of this place was their elevators of course. I was having trouble figuring which way I was going to lean since its a diagonal upwards. On a budget? Need comfy room? Look no further come to luxor. O and its a pain in a butt to actually find where the parking is located for this place...In the end its still worth it...
3	3.0- meh, this was during the day, perhaps the evening brings about a different reactionConsidering it's a hotel on the strip, I can't say that I was that impressed with this place.  Standard casino that didn't really seem to have any defining characteristics.  The place is dark during the day (I'm sure the black outside panels have something to do with that).  Other than saying we've been there, there wasnt much else to say.  When we did go, they did have the Bodies Exhibition, which would have been cool to go to, but we didn't feel like checking out.Definitely lacking the wow factor, I can't say anything good or bad about this place.
1	Aint  nothin luxe about the Luxor. From the outside and pics on the website, I thought it looked nice. The lower level where we checked in looked decent too. Once we got to our room though, it was a whole different story. A previous review mentioned that the room would have been cool in 1991. More like 1975. The ugly ass bedspread and curtains looked like they were straight off the set of Sanford & Son, Maude, All in the Family, and The Jeffersons, The bedspread was very cheap and flimsy. The actual bed was hard. The egyptian decor was cheesy. The only nice thing about it was the bathroom.We stayed in east tower and there's a long walk to the room.Our room also smelled like smoke even though it was a non-smoking room. My cousin is allergic to smoke so this was a big problem.When we called to complain about a possible room switch, they told us since they gave us a courtesy early check in, they couldn't switch us. Mmm kay, what does that have to do with a smoky room that we paid for not to smell like smoke? After several calls, they agreed to spray a "special air sanitizer" to get rid of the odor. That took forever. We also had to call several times to get them to bring extra towels/washcloths and pillows.The a/c was horrible. It was up as high as it could go and didn't feel like it was even on.The concierge was rude. Tons of annoying sales people trying to get you to buy timeshares and get $200 off another visit within 1 year. The catch? You have to put down a $100 deposit. Ha!No information was given about how to get around Vegas. We actually went to Excalibur and talked to their concierge there. They gave us info. I definitely wouldn't stay here again. My cousin got a discount rate through her coworker that knows a Luxor employee. No wonder we got the discount. Nobody wants to stay here lol.
2	Never staying in Vegas before may seem like it could hinder ones ability to critic a place like this I am able to overcome this since I have stayed in four to five star hotels overseas during trips for the company. Even though they do not have the casino they are dedicated to having nice rooms and all perks that come with places as such. We like some of the other folks who wrote reviews got upgraded to a tower room that was a few bucks more and you got a tub that had the jets in it was to me the only difference in the upgrade alone with a flat panel TV which should be a standard for these places by now. In the hotel world they would be about the Holiday Inn's of the world with a decor that leaves the place dark and dreary. They room was cleaned everyday but it was not consistent on the number of towels and even the last day the bed was not completed 100%. It was like the person went on break and forgot they were not finished with the room. The other pain was the tram which was supposed to be an asset was not running and that made traveling more difficult. I would think with the millions of dollars being made they could get the tram to work correctly at their location. I know the next time I will stay elsewhere
2	I hate that the elevators move sideways - it's the creepiest feeling ever, especially if you are ever so slightly hung over.The rooms were nothing spectacular, and at first they had lost our reservation.  (the view of excalibur tho was kinda cool, we were on the 21st floor facing the strip) for a high up as we were, you would have thought the rooms would have decent lighting from outside - they don't, it was kinda like being in a cave.but maybe they plan it that way.
2	this hotel looks great from the outside.  the food and beverage area leaves somthing to be desired.  the rooms were average at best.  I thought the room was tired looking.  this was not my pick and would not choose to stay here again.  not great, and not terriable.  The hotel now charges a $2.00 a day acess charge for the phone.  this is even the case if you make no calls!  a rip off in my book
4	Husband and I stayed here on our honeymoon, and it was great. We got a suite in the west tower, which was gorgous. The view of the strip wasn't so much a view of the strip as a view of the parking lot across the street. But it could have been worst. The room was super quite and the bed was pretty comfy. We also had a shower and tub in our room, which was nice. The hubby could shower while I relaxed in a bath. So nice! The internet was fine and you spent about the same for it as anywhere else. The room service menu is pretty extensive, but the drinks are WAY over priced. Do yourself a favor and just order food. Then, take you butt down to the starbucks in the lobby for a drink. You'll save yourself some $. Also, the business center was amazing! I accidentally requested to print our tickets to KA, rather than pick them up at Will-Call. The lady in the business center said, no problem. We went down and printed them, and she didn't charge us the $1 per sheet they normal charged. My only complaint, and the reason for 4 stars, is that the lady who helped us check in was just plane rude. Didn't say anything to us. Also, we were suppose to have gotten a package with some goodies in it, which we never received. Not a big deal since we got the room for pretty cheap (compared to its normal rate), but still.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better" is exactly why it gets 2 stars.The lobby is nice...the casino is good...but the rooms are blah...I stayed at Ventian and MGM, and preferred their rooms over these upscale Motel 6 room designs. The internet sucked and in the year 2005 (when I visited), you would think a billion dollar company could get the people some decent wi fi.
4	When my fiancee made plans for us to stay at the luxor while we were on vacation, I went and read the yelp reviews. I was a little worried after reading them but, wanted to keep an open mind. I'm glad I did.  Our room was spacious and clean, although ever so slightly worn. But, with the kind of traffc that place gets it could have been much worse than it is. The casino was pretty good with fairly attentive drink waitresses. We went to the buffet a few times and although the lines were long, it was worth it. The pool area was huge and there were a ton of chairs, even when it was crowded. My only gripe was the inclinator/elevators. They always seemed to either take forever to get to your floor or the doors were all malfunctioning. Give this place a chance if you want something pretty nice but don't want to break the bank.
4	I hadn't been to the Luxor since the first year after it opened until this last June and I was totally blown away at how different it was. Where did the River-boat thingee go? What'd they do to the three rides you could take with the awesome fake Talk Show hosted by the dude from Press Your Luck? It was a completely different hotel. And now, it's actually a better value and a great hotel. Let me explain: first off I stayed in the Pyramid for 59 bucks. The rooms in the Pyramid are really nice and folks I talked to said that they are much nicer than the tower rooms. The rooms were big, though oddly shaped. I really enjoyed the shower, which was large and comfy. The beds were nice, and they gave enough pillows, which rarely happens to me at hotels. The food options were OK. The Buffet was average Vegas Strip, which has improved over the years. The bars tend to be good and don't skimp on the hooch, whcih usually happens. I thought the lobby was really nice, though I remember it being cooler when I was a teenager. The Casino is good, with a simple lay-out that allowed me to know that if I turned left I'd end up at a certain rack of games. The Single-Deck Blackjack pays 6-to-5 on Blackjack, whcih ain't ideal, but still works. The dealers are friendly and the drinks service is fater than most, meaning more booze (or in my case bottles of water) for each hour of play. All in all, for the money it's one of the best on the Strip.
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I would.  The only reason for the 1 star was that it won't let me give zero.  This is hands down the worst, unsanitary, nastiest, uncomfortable hotel that I have EVER been in.  For starters, reception screwed my reservation for a room in the Tower (didn't want to stay in the pyramid because I thought I'd be claustrophobic), so we ended up with a room in the crappy pyramid only to find poop in the toilet and a pubic hair on the toilet seat.  I am not kidding!!!!!!!!!!  I called down to the front desk and they could not have cared less.  Because of that I demanded my original reservation for a room in the Tower which they finally relented and gave me.  Once we were in the new room, the AC didn't work, the bed was super uncomfortable and even the pillow felt like a rock.  I wrote a letter to the management after our horrific stay and never heard back from them.  Hallelujah for Yelp, so I can tell the world just how shitastic this place is!By the way, I am no princess; I have stayed in some pretty seedy places in my life and this is just unacceptable.
3	We stayed here the first time that we ever went to Vegas and I have to say it was nice enough. My fiance and I were just 21 and 22 so we didn't have much cash...we've upgraded to the Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian since then which is a bit more our taste but still the Luxor is pretty nice.
2	Well for my first time to vegas I wasn't sure what to expect, but I do know Ive had better hotel rooms for better prices for what my boyfriend and I payed for a week at the Luxor.I'm not gonna completely diss the Luxor  It is a decent tourist attraction hotel stay, but for what you pay it's not worth it, e changed rooms twice and our other friends changed 4 times, now that's obnoxious who wants to change even once. NO ONE... no internet, no fridge, the pillows sucked, the bath tub clogged and there was tones of noise, you could hear everything.For an older couple maybe it's not that bad, but foe younger couples it's definitely not the place to stay, LAX i swear on my life played the same music in the same exact order no lie 3 nights in a row. and Saturday nights are like a sardine can.. It's at the end of the south strip so thank god for the rental car we got or else we wouldn't of seen anything. you are too far from things to walk everywhere and who wants to pay for cabs for a week...overall it was just ok
3	Xtra star b/c it was on CPS's dime (Chicago Public School's) and it was free.  Would not have stayed here if that weren't  the case.  We stayed in one of the towers (East, I think) and it was marginally better than other's who stayed in the Pyramid.  The rooms are a bit dated and are just do-able, that's it.  Though, we didn't spend a great deal of time there b/c, well, it's vegas and there's plenty of bad to be had in this town.Also, they were doing construction on the interior of the place and the screeching sounds of band saws, pummeling jack-hammers and the like was very annoying.  They do have a nice lounge/bar here and the hotel casino not bad, but overall I wouldn't come back when in Vegas.
2	Having stayed at a range of Vegas hotels and being someone that receives my share of casino emailings, I definitely find this place to be one of the worst values in town. Their prices are usually comparable to MGM prices, but their location is worse, their amenities (restaurants, etc) are worse, and man the rooms don't compare! When we checked in we were put in a pyramid room. I thought it sounded really fun/cool having the slanted walls and whatnot (ok I'm a dork) and was pretty psyched to check it out. The rooms just kinda suck. Bed isn't good, bathroom is old/dated.. very motelish. Basically if you can get this place free/VERY cheap, it's a nice jump up from the Excalibur.. but sadly the prices I've seen here typically aren't that great. Bad pool, bad restaurants, bad location.. I just can't see any reason to stay here.
2	I stayed at the Luxor in the past and had a great time but when my boyfriend and I went last month it was horrible. I reserved (and put a deposit) on a non-smoking king sized bed in the pyramid. When we checked in we were put in a double queen smoking tower room. After calling the front desk to complain they told us that they'd hold the correct room for us the next day but we were SOL that night. So the next day we have to repack everything and cut into the middle of our day (we had to get the new room at 2pm). That night we wanted to order romm service but had no menu. We were downstairs so we asked for a menu and we were told (very rudely) to go back to our room and call room service to bring one up. About 45 minutes later we got the menu. The selection was great but we got the food pretty quickly and it was very good (hence the two stars).The next morning a housekeeper came barging into our room at 8:30am because our room did not come with a do not disturb sign and we forgot to use the deadbolt.Then our last night there some drunk guy came banging on our door - I guess he thought it was his room - for a good 10 minutes. Calls to the front desk did absolutly nothing.I wrote a letter to the manager when I got home because I was just too pissy to say something while check out  and I still haven't heard anything. I will not be staying there again!
3	Me and the BF are on a mission to find "our" hotel in Vegas. Chose this because I got an Internet promo code for $194. Never stayed there before and the BF said why not. I called in after making my reservation to inquire about an upgrade and was told I could do so for an additional $35 per night for a Spa suite. The Spa suite includes a jacuzzi right next to the window so you can overlook the strip. She told me she had stayed in that suite herself seven times and it's usually booked as a honeymoon suite. Enticing right? Had to confirm with the BF, so I had to call him. I called back not more than 3 minutes later and was told they were sold out. The conversation went something like this...Me: "HUH?! Someone just told me you had them available."Him: "Oh, wait a minute, (silence) yes we do have them available but for $139 a night."Me: "But I just called like a few minutes ago and was told I can get them for only $35 more."Him: "No, sorry. We're sold out."ERRR! But surprisingly, when we checked in late at 4am on Saturday morning, we were told it was for a Spa suite for the price I paid for $194! What happened? Nobody knows, I got my Spa suite. Sweet suite, right? She made it sound better than it was. The suite itself was eh... OK. For the price it  fit fine. Everything is out dated compared to the other suites we have stayed in along the strip. The room needs more ventilation. We were in a smoking room and smoking in it of course, but the smoke just filled up and didn't leave. It was uncomfortable. There was a lack of lighting and the bathroom definitely needed a better working fan too. Had a fridge and two t.v.'s., though small and really old. The carpet was a little sticky and I kind of got a rash after sleeping in the bed the first night.What I did like was that the hotel staff was very friendly (5 stars). Especially the dealers. They remembered our names even after we had left and returned to the table hours later! The cocktail waitress was always around for our drinks, BIG plus! I gave them 3 stars. 2 of which is because of their attention with guests otherwise it would've have been a 1. And, it also didn't hurt that we won $600 playing craps.If you plan on going to LAX, upon check-in ask the front desk person to give you LAX room keys. This will let you in without having to stand in line but you still have to pay cover charge.
2	Okay I came here with a group of friends so we decided to book a nice suite in the Pyramid.  What a crappy place! First off the AC was not that strong and the room was tiny... to even be called a suite... are you kidding me???For full reviews and pics go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/08/fallen-from-grace.htmlThe only thing that was going for the suite rooms was that you get Bath and Body Works condiments.  If you ask for more then you get the same stuff everyone gets.  I have to say that the walls are super thin too.  We got a really good deal for the weekend, lie $200 a night.  You would THINK that it would be a decent room but it was pure crap.  If it wasn't for a friend who annoyingly whined that she had to stay somewhere nicer with a pool then we wouldn't have bothered to come here.  I just came a week prior and I rather pay 1/5th of the price to stay in a crappy motel.  It's about the same in my opinion! At least the walls there weren't as thin as here!This was at least entertaining but a lil disturbing as well.  One morning I woke up hearing my friend giggling and I asked what's going on.  Apparently the people next door are going at it or he hired a 20 minute and she will be in your room call girl.  We all bursted out laughing.  Later that day it happened again and my friend was so entertained.  She was in the shower and missed the show.  She glued her head to the wall to listen.  That's what they call a suite huh?  Your neighbors can hear everything and have a laugh about it too.  Look for better deals and go to the Mirage! It's a lot better! If you have the dough, I recommend the Venetian or Bellagio.
3	I enjoyed our stay! However, they did mess up our room at first, after a 25 min wait in line we finally got the right room, and everything after there was nice.However, the staff was rather cold. Good thing they don't have to work with people!!
1	The Event: Bachelor PartyThe Location: LuxorThe results:  Luxor sucks!Explanation:  We all got rooms on the same floor.  We were mistakenly given a non-smoking room (16068).  So we were "upgraded" to a room in "The Tower" with the same view of the pool we originally had.  Room sucked (6238).  It was defiantly no "upgrade".  It was almost identical to the last room except less cool, a longer walk from the casino and rest of party, and the only view was a nice view of a roof!  What is worse is that we couldn't get back to the rest of our party due to the hotel's key locked elevators.  (If you don't have a key for that floor, you can't get there by elevator!)So now we are in a crappy room, far away from the party with no way to get to the floor our friends are on.  When I addressed this with management they treated us like we were giving them a hard time rather than trying to help us find a solution.  (Compromise after talking with 5 different staff: 2 comp buffet passes).  THEN when I went to take a shower I noticed a black hand-print on the shower wall.  When I went to complain about that we were regarded with suspicion and told that a sanitation manager would have to inspect the room to validate our claim.  I offered to have CSI come up and carbon date it!  We were comped 2 two spa packages after two visits to the front desk and about half an hour of arguing and waiting (Spa comps were weak anyways and only covered gym and hot tub use).  No one showed up to look at cave-man hand-print in the shower, and no one came to clean it.  All comps were the definition of weak and we only ended up useing one.Other grips:ATM's went down across the whole casino, but only crashed after your request to remove funds was 'processing'... leaving you with the concern that it would withdraw the money without you actually getting it.  (I'm sure a complaint to the bank about a casino ATM not giving you your money would sound REAL believable).  They charge 5$ a withdrawl, Other banks charge 2$ and their ATM's NEVER go down!  You clowns can't keep your ATM's running at 5$ a pop? Please!Hotel rooms are janky and have funky ironing boards that fall out of the closet, cheap TVs and clocks with the time screwed up (we all thought we woke up at 1PM instead of 11AM because the room clock was off)Pyramid balcony railings are so weak you can shake the whole thing with one hand.Amenities close relatively early at night: spa, buffet (probably why we didn't redeem our comps)Conclusion:  Bachelor Party was a BLAST!  No thanks to the Luxor and I am I am left with the fact that I will never have the 4 hours of my life back that I spent waiting in line to talk to the staff and arguing with them!  All of us agreed to try some other strip hotel next time.
3	It was alright. I was expecting a huge dump. This place has changed since I went here as a kid. I remember this place back then being totally theme park like back when MGM was trying to bring families to vegas. They even had a boat water ride similar to its a small world/ pirates of caribbean. Their giant arcade is now the bodies exhibit. Now the entire bottom is gutted and with bars and casinos only. The rooms are whatever. The most important thing to me in a room is the bed. However, I crashed into mine about 5am and in the shower before 9am so i didn't really care. I should ding them more because my friend requested a king and he got 2 queens and another friend reserved 2 rooms and only got one because they couldn't find the deposit for one room even though they were both booked at the same time with the same card.what I really didn't like was the stupid key card access to the rooms. Man those sensors suck and I had to swipe like a million times. The first time I got into the inclinator it took me 3 trips back and forth to get to my floor. I thought it would get me dizzy but it wasn't that bad. Would I be back? probably not, I think I can get a better alternative to this place.
3	I stayed here last year and it was well priced ,clean room.  Good place to gamble.  I never ate here so i can't speak for the food.  A little easy to get lost when drunk on the way back to the room.  Just a point to all you guys who stay on the phone for a hour then go to the front desk and move rooms 3 times.  Don't bitch about wasting four hours of your trip because there is a hair on the floor,or a hand print on the shower wall.  I get you pay good money for the room, but your a loser if your their for more than a few hour to sleep. I seen a guy at the luxor hotel looking for a upgrade because his remote was broke.  He was still up their after we checked in and gambling for about a hour.  The hotel is mid range rooms in a great location.
4	Stayed here with some friends last October, really liked it. Even the room wasn't what we expected (we ended up not getting the location we wanted, forget why though), it served it's purpose and was actually pretty cool (the bathroom was "hot," as one of my friends says). What I loved though is that there were at least two Starbucks in the lobby, lots of cheap(er) dining options in the food court (a great thing in Vegas when you're cramming lots of activities into the day and don't feel like taking a few hours to go somewhere and sit down). Pool-side with corona was one of my FAVORITE activities during my vacation. Ah...I so miss it.
3	This hotel is definitely a grade up from the IP where I usually stay during conventions, but still not as great as other hotels on the strip that I have stayed at.  Like any other Las Vegas resort on the Strip, there are no windows or clocks anywhere, so 1pm and 1am look exactly the same inside, and is what got me into trouble when I realized that it was 5 am, and I had a plane to catch in a few hours, and had to be at work once I got off the plane.  Boy was that painful.The room was pretty basic, and the "Inclinator" is a bit trippy.  Actually, I must have misread it at first, or maybe because when I see a word with "I-N-C" in the front and "T-O-R", I automatically think "incinerator", but now I get it... it's an elevATOR on an INCLINe.  When I first rode up on it, I thought it was weird because I didn't have anything to drink yet, but I was off balance.The nice thing about the room was that from my window, I had a direct view of the pool area, but too bad there wasn't a balcony or anything so I could try out my new zoom lens... :D
4	Has anyone else heard the rumor/urban legend/fact that the Luxor is sinking.I thought it was fine and reasonably priced.  I was warned to stay in a tower becasue they were built more recently.   The Pyramid was fine.   Clean and good. I had no prolems with the friendly staff.  The only thing I did not care for was that there was no extra privacy lock on the door to the room.  Umm...what else can I say? It's a huge pyramid with an Egyptian theme, and you can see its' light from space.Dafe
2	I spent my first Vegas vacation here, 2 years ago. I was so excited (I loved the Egyptian theme!), but overall the hotel left me wanting something more... it was almost a disappointing experience (just the hotel). I would suggest staying in the "tower" versus the "pyramid" (both a part of the Luxor). I had a room in the Pyramid, which was exciting being on a high floor, and their inclinators are an interesting experience. So is the interior view of the casino if you ride 'em to one of the top floors. But the rooms were shabby. A friend of mine stayed in a Tower room, it was MUCH nicer and had a nice deep soaking tub, seperate from the shower if you're a bubble bath kind of gal. I am, so a nice bathroom is a must!
2	No more love from me for the Luxor.  This is a prime example of what happens when a huge corporation (MGM) buys everything in its wake (the Luxor).  Quality and value for your money have gone completely downhill.  I just got back from a week's stay there and believe me, I won't be back.  I made the mistake of staying in one of their Pyramid Spa Suite rooms (I always thought that the words "suite" and "spa" would mean something good.  How wrong I was!).  The room was cramped and narrow.  The air conditioning was almost non-existant.  And don't get me started on the spa tub that I paid extra for....The bedspread and carpet had those mystery stains that DataLine NBC would have a field day with.  Food at the Luxor is less than passable.  Also, is it common to now spend 35 minutes on line to check in?  If it isn't, please send a memo to the Luxor.If I ever go back to Las Vegas, I will be staying at the Wynn.
1	Just a quick update - A month later and still no response from the letter I wrote to the manager. At this point I know that it's over and done with but I will not be staying there again. Really poor customer service.
3	Walk like an Egyptian.Seriously. That's what you would experience if you stayed at Luxor - Vegas' Egyptian themed hotel. It's gorgeous on the casino floor with the hot LAX nightclub, but that's about all it has to offer. The rooms are cramped and as you get closer to the top of the pyramid, you get even more cramped. Wait. Aren't you paying extra to stay closer to the top?!
1	3 words. Shabby, Shabby, Shabby. We upgraded to a Tower Room for an extra charge after being given the impression the rooms were newly renovated. NOT! The comforters looked like a cat had scratched it's claws all over them. The blanket on our bed had dried white crusty stuff on it (use your imagination as to what this could be!). The pillow cases were stained. The table and chairs had chunks notched in them. AND no safe! Where is one to store their valuables? Non of the rooms in the ENTIRE hotel have safes. I hope you don't mind not having air conditioning, because it was practically non existent! Check in took forever! And beware of the time share people! They attacked us before we even got to the check in line. This hotel also doesn't have a strip view, we asked for one and we put in the West tower and had a view of the parking lot. We complained and were moved to the East tower which had a view of Excalibur, while not super exciting it was much better than the parking lot, and there was no crusty blanket! The info book in the room said the pool was open till 8pm. We dressed and went down about quarter to 5 and the pool was closing, it closes at 5. Not sure when they will bother to update the info book! We stayed here because they have pretty good deals. Well alas I must admit YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. Never again with we stay at the Luxor! We will stay at SignatureMGM next time.
1	From afar, the Luxor is one of the most recognizable Vegas landmarks.Unfortunately, from within one of the pyramid rooms, one would have a rough time finding anything that would distinguish it from a mid-range motel (not hotel) room - except that slanted window.We decided to stay somewhere that would be memorable to a child, in the hopes that it would actually remain memorable.  Unfortunately, the cost for that was a room that was substantially more expensive than what I would have considered similar quality elsewhere in Vegas.The Luxor was undoubtedly nice at one time, but it feels very much like a has-been that is in need of a new image and a severe remodel.  We were in a room on the first few floors of the pyramid, which was not too terrible.  Despite other comments, the noise from the casino floor wasn't really noticeable.  The view of the atrium is great, though from our room, we had to go down an elevator and then sneak onto an inclinator to get any worthwhile view.However, from the Luxor, everything's a major walk.  This is no fun with kids.  Luxor shares a little elevated transit tram system that will get you up to Excalibur, where you can walk to NYNY and then MGM Grand, where you can then get to the Las Vegas Monorail.  There's a trick or two in doing that without walking all through the Grand.  Unfortunately, the LV Monorail is a miserable experience in itself, because at most stops, you are forced to walk a long way (often through large shopping areas, or around parking areas, and always through the casino floor) to get from the street to the Monorail.  The end result is that you're almost always tired by the time you've beaten your way from your Luxor room to your destination, and it can take up to an hour to get there.  And there's still the trip back.Overall, Luxor was a disappointment.
1	We stayed here for Halloween 2008 and I was so pumped to go. . . but the Luxor was a total let down. Please keep searching for the hotel right for you and read the reviews. I wish I would have. This place is dirty, run down, and just. . . . trashy.
2	Unless you're going to shell out the extra dough to stay in one of the nicer tower rooms (with the plasma tv, bose dvd theater system, mini-bar with fridge, and marble bath with tub and shower), this place is not worth it.  From the outside, the giant pyramid looks like a decent theme for a hotel/casino.  But once you step inside, it's not very clean and feels old and run down.  The typical pyramid rooms are HORRIBLE.  Even if you request a non-smoking room, there's still a chance you'll end up with a smoking room (which happened to us).  The check-in line usually takes forever (at least 30-45 minutes), the beds aren't comfortable, and the bathrooms aren't very clean.  On the other hand, there's ample space to put your belongings, but it's only due to the awkward slant in the wall/ceiling from the pyramid shape of the room.  We also got 2 for 1 deal (came with booked room) for the buffet and it was definitely not even worth that!  Food wasn't very fresh and the selection was lacking.You might want to come here if you're looking for lower betting tables or want to stay in some of the cheapest rooms on the strip.  I guess it might also be worth considering if you're going to get one the nicer tower rooms.  Otherwise, no deal!!
3	We stayed at the Luxor from Sunday till Tuesday over Labor Day weekend. It was my first time in Vegas and we were meeting my Dad and Stepmom there. So since it was my first trip I was excited to be staying on the strip, but upon arrival I was just....I don't know...underwhelmed?? First impression? Vegas is where tacky goes to die. I decided to just jump in and go with it.My big issue with the Luxor is just that, in general, staying there is a pain in the ass. It's too big and has way too much going on. Finding your way in and out or just getting the general lay of the land seemed impossible.That said, our rooms were both more than adequate, but very dark. I liked the pool a lot and enjoyed the views, but it was somewhat cheaply furnished unless you bought a cabana (maybe that's true of all the pools, and I do work for an outdoor furniture company, so I'm probably a bit biased on that one!). I guess I do feel that for the $70 per night that we paid for the room it really wasn't a bad deal. Would I want to stay at the Luxor again? Nope.
4	I stayed in the pyramid part of the hotel in one of the jr. suites and it was fantasic!!!!The room was always super clean and the maids were so cool they left us extra extra extra chocolate mints....It was in a convenient location on the strip and when we needed extra anything: pillows, shampoo, even a steamer for our clothes...they happily gave it to us...I would definitely come and stay here again!
2	I expected more from this 'four star' hotel. they checked us into a room with two doubled beds instead of one queen. i called front desk as soon as i entered the room to my dismay...they said nothing would be available till the next day between 12-4. bullshite. you could tell the hotel is old from the linens to the bathroom that isn't as clean as it could be. re-grouting isn't that expensive.it was nice to stay on the strip but since we were on one end of it, my feet were sore after walking anywhere. parking is somewhat difficult to find, it was always full for some reason. maybe because they don't make validation mandatory. so anyone can park there.the pool was not so great. the chairs were old and weathered, towels looked like they were pissed on, and the jacuzzis, yes both of them were luke warm and one of them didn't even have working jets. i called down one nite to see if there was a corkscrew and if i could get one, they charge $3 to bring it to the room. this stuff should be complimentary considering we were paying over $120 per night.
2	All I can say is FOUL...Had no problem with the Casino...did not stay at the Hotel...but the fact that they Have that terrible Criss Angel Show and I spent over 350 bucks for 2 tickets gives me the right to voice a complaint. And I am doing it here simply because THEY HAVE GOTTEN YELP TO SELL OUT AND REMOVE THE REVIEWS OF "BELIEVE"   I will for a long long time think before I go to the Luxor again.  I Would have more respect for the management if they simply pulled the show and cancelled Criss Angel's contract than to have a show review website pull its show reviews.
1	My wife and I decided to stay here because we got the $50 off by signing up for hotelclub.com.  We paid a total of $45, and we thought it's a good deal for a 4-star hotel (according to hotelclub.com).  We should have checked on yelp before we booked the hotel because it turned out to be a huge waste of money.  The property is simply too large and it literally took us anywhere between 10-15 minutes to walk from the parking lot, across the casino, up the elevator, and find our room.  The rooms are outdated, dark, and the furnitures look cheap.  If you are going to Vegas and don't mind staying outside of the strip, I highly recommend South Point Hotel, Marriott Suites, or Gold Coast Hotel (ask for "Premium" rooms).  Stay away from Luxor.
2	Stayed the week before Thanksgiving.  Totally not impressed.  Staff were ok, nothing stands out, good or bad.  The problem was the whole place was so dark, i.e. casino, rooms etc.  You also have to walk a country mile to get to anything in here.  Food options are minimal at best.  I broke my cardinal rule of eating in Vegas, I ate fast food!!  Rooms are noisy, toilets flushing, neighbors etc.  Plus they charge a $2.00 "Daily Service Charge/Recurring Phone Charge." for what I have no idea, never touched the phone the whole time I was there!  My recommendation:  Go somewhere else, too mediocre and too far south.
2	My boyfriend & I decided to stay at the Luxor because for one, it's along the strip & two, it wasn't as expensive to stay at. After we checked in, we took the elevator up to our floor, and it felt like forever walking to our room. It was on the complete other side of the pyramid. Being an older hotel, I wasn't surprised. I was just complaining because I'm pregnant, moody, and I felt like walking this far to my hotel room was ridiculous. Not to mention the ice/soda machine was close to the elevator as well so walking to get ice was a pain. We walked in & discovered two queen beds not the 1 king bed that we had reserved. The blankets & pillows looked DISGUSTING. The TV's remote was missing, and the internet (not wireless, btw) cost $13 a night. The ethernet cord was so short that we had to drag the coffee table in front of the tv, place my laptop as close as I could to connect it, and to charge my laptop i had to stretch our my charger all the way across the dresser since there was no other outlet close by. The room was pretty big, but it just seemed so dirty. Room service was ridiculous (that was expected) for a nasty breakfast that I could've enjoyed much better at Ihop for $4.99. The valet parking was pretty good service. I thought to myself, hmm, we'll probably be lucky and have a good experience. I heard that if you stay at the tower rooms, you'd enjoy it much better since it's more up-to-date. My friend had a better experience than I did, and we went around the same time. We had a room in the pyramid. I totally regret staying at this hotel.
2	My boyfriend took me here during December because the spa suites are a great deal @ just a little over 100 dollars. At least, that's what we THOUGHT. The pictures on the Luxor website make the rooms look really nice and Egyptian themed. That is total BS! We got in the supposed "suite" and it was no good. It was very very plain and there was basically no Egyptian theme to it.... There was like one pathetic Egyptian painting on the wall and thats it. The beds were very thin and we could easily feel the springs in the mattresses. (The pillows were nice and fluffy though.) The spa was dirty and we had to thoroughly rinse it out before we decided to use it. The ceiling had an ugly stain on it that was very unpleasant to look at whenever we were laying down on the beds. The TV was a small, non-flat screen. There was a second room that consisted of an even smaller TV set and a hideous purple couch. On the plus side, the window next to the spa overlooked part of the strip which was pretty @ night. The bathroom was clean but ugly like the rest of the room. Basically the room sucked. I've stayed at many Best Western's and La Quinta's that are cheaper and nicer than this room, which is sad!! Also, I was being really nitpicky because I knew I was going to yelp about this place, so I checked out the conditions the door handles, doors, and furniture were in. Everything was extremely beat up and chipped. It looks like nothing has ever been fixed or even touched up. The door was dirty and the wallpaper in the bathroom could use some help.Now to the CASINO. The casino was horrible and outdated. The dealers were all dicks too. I watched dealer after dealer treat people rudely at the roulette and black jack tables. It was sad. The crowd consisted of either trashy looking people or old people. I like old people, but I don't picture them when I think of an exciting time in Vegas! The casino was super ugly and made me depressed because I love gambling and wanted to do it in a beautiful vegas atmosphere. You will not find a beautiful casino at the Luxor. They need to redo it.The only part of this hotel that was pretty was the lobby area. They had the best Christmas decorations out of all the casinos I saw. That was the one good thing about the first floor of the Luxor.
3	This place was real cool years ago...but now they gotta  DO SOMETHING like upgrade the inside..   I remember one time we went...the whole place blacked out and they were out there shinning flashlights around...  It was weird looking down from the top floor.     What's really strange is the elevators that go sideways.     But, the food in the cafeteria...buffet was really good .....         The casino is pretty nice looking       Then the rooms are cool and the windows are slanted at a weird angle, you look down and that would be a coool slide to the bottom...
3	the best rates for a decent room in vegas. i'm just super sad that they are shying away from the cool egyptian theme and just sticking random themed stuff in there. egyptian art is so interesting and bold. stick to the theme!!!!!my only complaint.oh, and the buffet is huge, but na-na. $20 all you can eat.
3	Made it here to try and check out a club we heard about from some locals, LAX.  We made it to the casino via the Deuce, and then walked the casino.  Unfortunately, at about this time in the evening, getting our groove on wasn't top on the list.  Basically did a bit more pub crawling and roamed the casino floor, and use their lavatory facilities.  Seemed like a nice place from what we saw.
2	In sixth grade my BFF had her birthday party at the Luxor. Back then this pyramid was the hottest thing on the Strip and thanks to her parents renting us girls a room we had tons of fun jumping on the beds.So it was with some nostalgia that I returned here this past weekend after getting a room for $66 on Priceline. Following a long flight from New York (that was delayed over three hours) all I wanted was a shower and a nap. But that was not to be at the Luxor, at least not very quickly. A long line loomed at check-in which I found only after being accosted by employees trying to get me to buy show tickets. Their opening line "Where are you from?!" left me nonplussed.Once I finally had a room key in hand I trudged up to my room only to find it either occupied or unclean - possibly both. The bed was unmade and it wasn't clear if someone was still in it. And a half full cocktail sat on the desk.I quickly closed the door.I was then treated to another journey downstairs on the impossibly slow elevators to fetch keys to a new room. At long last I made it to my room in the tower. This was apparently an upgrade.All told, staying at the Luxor is not an experience I'd like to have again soon. But if you're simply looking for a decently clean place to crash in between trips to da club and/or the slots, it's passable.
1	Who wants to sleep in a tomb?
3	First off, Luxor is CHEAP! That is the main appeal of it. It's impressive from the outside with that stick of light shining into the sky, and it's a lot bigger than expected once you get inside. Maybe too big though... we ended up getting lost a couple of times. Checking in was a pain as the lines were LONG, and it took forever just to get to the front desk with all the salesmen trying to push timeshares onto you on your way to the front desk. The rooms are small and dark, and the slanted pyramid look wasn't doing it for me. I felt (as Tim L. put it perfectly) like I was sleeping in a tomb, but once you get drunk enough, it doesn't really matter where you're sleeping. The room was clean but the furniture was jacked up, like the drawers didn't even fit in the dresser. The bathroom and shower was nice, however, and room service was quick when we requested more hangers. The staff really needs to talk to each other though. I called the front desk to make me a reservation for one of the steakhouses in the hotel, and they said that it was empty and I wouldn't need one, but when I got there the hostess told me it was booked up until 9 pm. LAME. It's an alright place to crash, and you can get really cheap prices every once in awhile. Great for college students like me!
3	I give 3 star. Where else u get the cheaper price (we paid $45 average + tax) during christmas season on the strip? This hotel is old and am a regularl customer. Though stayed there many times,have not received any favors or comps from them, but still like to stay there. Dont ask me why not other places, it is a secret. Anyways, their buffet is average, casino is average and shows are ok. Car parking and Valet parking is good. If u need good food, Mandalay Bay is right next. We stayed in Pyramid and like the inclinator elevator. It is well connected by tram to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur.  If you are looking for cheaper price on the strip and get a good deal, just go for it.
4	I stayed at Luxor for a weekend night and were surprised that it was only $99 (+ tax) for what, I would think, would be a fairly crowded weekend to go. We had a typical Pyramid Deluxe Roomhttp://www.luxor.com/hotel/hotel_pyramid_deluxe_room.aspxand used one of those special promotions from the Luxor website that gave us $30 credit for free food from their restaurants, 2-for-1 admission to their spa, and 2-for-1 admission to their buffet... not that we ended up using the latter 2 though.  Our room was clean, decor was not too shabby, and we had a nice view of the pool / the mountains. It was on par with our needs (a nice, convenient place to pass out) and our expectations essentially. Sure the casino wasn't very big, and overall the hotel interior wasn't anything impressive, but it had everything we needed for the minimal time spent there rather than exploring the strip. We actually appreciated the fact that it wasn't very big because then we could easily find our way around without getting lost. They had some special event going on downstairs at the pool for Halloween, but we weren't around in the evening to see it. Additionally, we didn't have time to see any of their shows, try the buffet, visit the spa or go to LAX. We simply ate lunch, drank at the bars, and passed out in our room at Luxor then spent most of our time out. Goods:- convenient, free self-parking right next to the pyramid - checked in early around 1pm on Friday, not much of a line  - room / bed / bathroom were clean- inclinator elevators were pretty cool- loved convenience of the aurora bar and a starbucks by the front desk- couple of the bars are 24 hours so they worked well to start off and end off our long Halloween night on the Strip- exterior looks nice both day and night- deuce bus has a stop right in front of the hotel- tram that goes between luxor, excalibur, and mandalay bay  - express check-out allowed us to stay a bit longer until we finally rolled out of bed around noon, hahaReally, we didn't find anything dirty, wrong or bad in our experience with  Luxor. Perhaps we were lucky since a bunch of the other reviews seem to think otherwise, but whatever. *shrugs* It's a good hotel that I would probably go back to if it were anywhere else... but since it's in Vegas and there's the whole rest of the Strip's hotels to try, I probably won't, haha!
4	TWO stars for being dirty cheap.  It was basically free.  I however blew so much money here that I took away one star at no fault of the hotels but mine alone.  Tables were consistently busy but I always got a seat no matter what.  THe rooms were kinda old but whatever I was hardly in there.  A little too big, getting to our room took about 20 minutes to walk around into the separate towers but I guess thats normal in Vegas.
4	I just came back from staying at the Luxor last week for 3 nights/4 days with my girlfriend while attending CES and vacationing during school winter break.  I've been in Vegas a number of times, and this trip was by far the best.  Luxor helped make it so.When we first arrived, we received our keys, hotel information, etc, then proceeded to find our room.  This is when we ran into a little trouble.  We immediately got lost and were searching for a good 45 minutes going back and forth.  We asked the cleaning help and registration desk and got different answers at times.   Finally, we found exactly what elevator to take to the "correct" 17th floor  on our guest card that is used to charge things to your room.  So, be sure to refer to that immediately if you have problems locating your room and the elevator you are suppose to take.  Another slightly annoying thing was that you had to insert your room key to use the elevator.  The key reader was often temperamental and eventually our keys would stop working.  We had to exchange your keys two times because of that. Our deluxe room in the pyramid was alright, nothing too fancy but good enough to be reasonably comfortable.  Room service was great, but  it was usually a 30-45 minute wait.  I especially enjoyed the black forest ham cheddar melt and kettle corn chips, so delicious I ordered it twice.  One other bothersome irritating thing that happened during our stay at the room was that our cleaning lady tried to pretend she replaced our bathroom cup.  She put our already used dirty cup back down on top of the paper cover.  A stain could still be obviously seen on the bottom of the glass.  Overall the hotel at large and what they had available on site was great.  The casino was frequently busy, but not overcrowded.  I was always able to comfortably gamble and not struggle too find a decent table or slot machine to play on.  One thing however I want to mention that is IMPORTANT!!!!, is that they are employees of the Grandview hotel resort hovering around certain areas of the floor.  They have dark navy blue coats with a white name tag that has blue and red logo.  They often ask you if you would like to go see a show and get a great deal on one.  They then bring you over to a table and tell and sign you up for a 5 minute shuttle to a 2 hour presentation that has free food and drinks provided.  You would only have to sit through it to receive your amazing show package deals.  What it really was, a 20 minute shuttle to the Grandview resort processing area in a near empty plaza off the strip, a 6 hour individual one on one sales pressure to buy a timeshare.  It was tolerable, but Ive heard other horror stories, and they do take an incredible amount of vacation time away and sometimes will not take no for an answer.  I would avoid this at all costs and the show deal is not worth the headache.  I did however end up with 2 passes each for Fantasy, Titantic: The Artifact, BODIES, and 50 dollar credit towards food or spa for just 50 bucks alone.  Be weary however, and the timeshare they offer you is usually overpriced with a high financing interest rate.As far as the entertainment shows, I don't really care for Chris Angel or Carrot Top, as I find them both to be stupid, lame, and possibly overrated.  However, I did enjoy the Fantasy show.  Honestly, it wasn't as erotic or sensual (because of some of the "pop" group dance numbers) I thought it was going to be, and the singer they had was amateurish and at times irritating.  Surprisingly, the comedian/dancer/impersonator that would come out intermittingly , Shawn Cooper I think his name was, was really good and funny as hell.  Dinning at the Luxor was good too.  I went to the More buffet for breakfast, which was alright, and it had everything from being able to have a chef make a custom omelet in hot food section to fresh fruit and pastries in the cold food section.  I also ate at the Company, which was next door to the LAX.  It was a mix and match "social" American fused cuisine dinning experience.  The prices for the items are reasonable, but portions are somewhat small.  The truth was in flavor, and the items we ordered were extremely delicious and unique.  I recommend the yellowtail sashimi glazed with chili sauce, the tender duck, and slightly fried eggplant.  You also even get complimentary access to the nightclub next door LAX after you dine without waiting in any long lines to get in.LAX was just an okay nightclub for me.  I didn't really care for the mainstream DJ sets and music they had, there was no where to really set down as all seats/tables were reserved for VIP, and it gets uncomfortably crowded while making your way through it.Finally, the exhibition they had, BODIES and Titanic, were amazing and really thought provoking.  It was a very immersive and thought provoking!My visit had its ups and downs (mostly ups), but overall I had a great time and an excellent experience.  Highly recommended!!
1	I stayed in the Tower which was supposed to be an updated room.  It was small, the bed was rock hard, and it featured an old school tube TV.  Not impressive.Only saving grace is good location near Mandalay Bay.
3	Its far down the end.. Getting built up with shows and some bars...I will stay somewhere else
2	I'm going to give the Luxor 2 stars because I have alot of good memories of my stays there over the years. The Pyramid Cafe is a nice place to stop and have a bowl of soup and rest your weary dogs after walking to the Luxor from Bellagio.The powers that be who "upgraded" Luxor ruined it, plain and simple. It's a Pyramid, why in God's name would they get rid of the Eyptian motiff? It's beyond me. The new look is awful, really really bad. Knowing what they've done to Luxor and knowing how far down the strip it is from everything else that we go to Vegas for, I don't think I'll be spending any more of my time - or money - in the Luxor while in Vegas.
4	Despite the majority of reviews 3 stars and below, my friends and I enjoyed our stay here for my birthday this past weekend. There were six of us, and the spa suite had more than enough room for everyone. The hotel has made some adjustments to its interior since the last time I stayed here. I had booked the room very early in advance, so I managed to get a good deal. I had compared the suite here to ones in other hotels (The Hotel, MGM, even Venetian), and this was the largest, not to mention the cheapest. Yes, we could have stayed at a much fancier hotel, but who spends their time living it up in Sin City by staying in their room anyway?
3	At the moment, it seems that the luxor is changing themselves. From Ra to LAX from more casino floor to ultra bars and lounges, it's trying to look sophisticated. Which is sort of hard to do when you realize you're in a pyramid. The place just feels dark over all. But the cool thing for me is the rooms. The slanted windows make it feel small, but  I'm not here for the rooms. The pool is big. But the walk way that intercepts with random people staring out at you.. Is not cool. The shows, like carrot top, fantasy are great. Also bodies and Titanic is there. There is also some nice places to get smashed, like T &T and of course LAX. What's great also is the local. Mandalay bay next door and some of the busiest parts of the strip, within walking distance. Also for those tourists who have to make to the airport quick, your within a good 10 min drive of it!
1	T-E-R-R-I-B-L-E!!!!!!!! Where do I even begin! Grimy. Dirty.  Poorly maintained. Lack of any customer service! We went for my friends 30th Birthday last weekend and the only reason we stayed here was b/c the B-day Girl booked her non-refundable room far in advance, so we all agreed it would be easier to stay in the same hotel.What a mistake! I usually stay at the Wynn when I go to Vegas and recently we stayed at the Mandalay Bay and thought that hotel was a let down, but compared to the Luxor, MB is more than spectacular! You really cannot compare Luxor to MB, much less the Wynn. What you can compare it to is probably a Motel 6 (although I've probably seen Motel 6's in better shape). This place is so seedy and gross. We got a non-smoking room, however when we turned on the light/ventilation switch in the bathroom, smoked just filled up the room. The bed was poor quality, I was afraid to catch something. We must have been next to housekeeping because every morning beginning at 8am, we would hear the clanking, yelling, dragging of things next door. I could go on and on, but I feel like I have already wasted too much of my life in that place, I don't even want to think about it anymore. Just avoid it!Overall I would give it ZERO stars, 1star for LAX b/c it was kinda fun, good music, danced all night. We had bottle service and they were good to us. I thought it was very classy when they offered my husband drugs, girls, or whatever he needed! Only in Vegas!
1	I had hoped for much better.  The hotel has seen better days I'm sure.  The rooms and hallways were in disrepair (chipped walls, torn carpet, etc.).  For the price we paid I certainly did not expect to find a cockroach in our bathroom.  Yes there was one on the 4th night of our stay.  Exterminator anyone?  It's nearly impossible to traverse the lobby without being asked to tour their timeshares, which is really quite annoying.  The buffet was terrible and the Criss Angel show left something to be desired.  I was disappointed with the hotel.
3	Been here about 15 years ago, when it was fairly new.  It was a total shithole.  I couldn't envision a scenario where I would ever stay here again, but lo and behold, one arose.  And you know what?  The place isn't half bad.  They totally redid the inside, casino, common areas, bars, etc.  Not nearly as cheap and cheesy as it used to be.  Actually it's, dare I say it, pretty nice.Oh, the rooms still suck.  And the whole elevator thing is completely maddening, probably the main reason why I swore never to come back.  But to be fair, when I booked they said that the rooms in the tower were newer and much nicer, well worth the extra ten bucks, they said.  That also would have solved the elevator thing.  But I declined b/c I thought Aly would get a kick out of staying in the pyramid. (She did)It was strange that they gave us three room keys (there were two of us) and stranger still when only one of the three worked.   On the positive side, ordered room service breakfast the night before to be delivered at a certain time the next morning and it was right on time.I don't really see myself staying here again, but I have to say if I were looking for Vegas on the cheap this place is an incredible value without being cheesy or disgusting.   Speaking of cheesy and disgusting, my appreciation for the Luxor dramatically increased when, on our way to the roller coaster, we had to walk through the Excalibur and New York New York.  Yuk.
4	So, my boyfriend and I got 4 of my friends to take a trip to Vegas, for the hell of it. We booked our lodging online in November because Luxor emailed me with a great promotion for January. ($59/ night). I booked a Pyramid Deluxe Room, but don't be fooled, its just your average run of the mill hotel room (nothing deluxe about it, really)... which is all I really wanted because I wasn't going to spend too much time in there anyway. In the daytime, the room is pretty bright (with the curtains pulled open). However, at night, I could have all the lights on, but the lamps in the room felt too dim. I invited my friends to kick it in my room before hitting up the strip club and at one point, there were 5 cigars being smoked at one time in the room and it got really smokey, but what can I say, I asked for a smoking room, it would have probably been okay if 2 were going at once... but 5 is a bit much. Anyway, at the end of the night, to get the smell of strippers and cigars off of me, I took a shower... but tell me why the water wouldn't go down the drain. The water level would reach my ankles by the time I was done with my shower. It wasn't a very pleasant feeling.Each day we'd wake up around noon, go get lunch, gamble, drink, come back to the room and it was always tidied up by the time we got back. No gripes there.The video slots were really good to me here. I got really lucky here...  and the cocktail service was great too. If you were gambling in any part of their casino, there was always a waitress walking around to serve you rum and cokes (my fave) or drinks of your choice. On top of that, they have a pretty nice bar that we frequented, Aurora. It had a great design, was well stocked, the bartender and the server were really nice, and it was never over packed which was a plus... that way we didn't have to shout over each other to have a conversation. We spent a couple drunken late nights in that lobby bar... good times.also, did I mention that the guy who directs guests to a taxi hooked us up with a sweet and hellllllllllla affordable limo to the strip club? awesome. he was pretty cool too!
2	Like someone else said...it should be called the Sux-or!They need to update this place.  Its kinda rundown once you get out of the lobby.  Its also on the far end of the strip so you have a nice little walk if you wanna go anywhere.
3	The last time and I think possibly the last time I will stay here was not all that great.  We were set up for a room in their tower instead of the pyramid and was glad since we didn't have to hear the slot machines going off at all hours of the night and to smell the cigarette smoke.  BUT, the trek just to find the elevator to the tower sucked.  I generally have a pretty good sense of direction and memorize paths really well but over the 3 days we were staying there, we probably got lost 3-4 times trying to find that set of elevators for the tower.  The rooms were kind of shabby but good enough if you just want to crash and use a clean bathroom.  We had a side view of the strip which was nice but my fiance and I both agree that it was too far from the attractions we normally would go to (even with that tram...).   We did stay here during the slow season and got a really good deal (something like $100/ person with flight and hotel and some coupons for the King Tut exhibit and some of the IMAX shows) but I probably wouldn't go back if I had a choice.
4	I'm also a bit perplexed at the bad review of this hotel...I would really give it 3 1/2 stars if I could, but all in all had a great stay.  Half heartedly tried the $20 trick, but the pleasant lady behind the desk smiled and gave me some upgrade options.  Me and my brother decided to pay the xtra $50 a day for a jacuzzi suite.  We received $50 in comp drinks and other stuff, so it turned out to be a great deal.  The room was nice, but I agree that they could use a bit of an upgrade.We had 2 tvs that were only about 19 inches..not flatscreen, but the room was clean, the towels big and the beds were comfy.Most of the employees at the hotel were very nice and the casino was one of my faves.The tram to Mandalay Bay and Excaliber was also a nice bonus.The fire alarm did go off once at about 1AM but we were still gambling.Plenty of bars and cocktail waitresses...never too hard to get a drink.Didn't eat at the hotel, except the Burger Bar, but there seemed to be plenty of decent options..
2	We stayed here because my friend the Egypt freak decided to get married here and I was matron of honor.  Normally we'd stay at a slightly more upscale place, but it's worth staying here once for the silly big statues in the lobby.  I was also amused at how well you can see the Pyramid and the big light shining up from it as your plane lands at McCarran.  Our room was in the Tower.  It was blah looking, not much space and the bathroom was not all that great, but it was functional. My friend and her fiance had their room in the Pyramid and it was really weirdly shaped with slanty walls.  I did like the cafe here as it's kind of in the middle of things so you get a nice view of the goings-on in the Pyramid and casino while you eat.  There's a really silly "King Tut museum" that we went through basically to kill time.  Unless you are very bored or have kids under 10 to amuse, save your money and skip that "attraction."  Of the three connected "theme" hotels at this end of the Strip (Luxor, Excalibur and Mandalay Bay) I preferred the Luxor but that's probably because I'm not all that big on medieval knight-and-lady reenactments, and I thought the concerts and attractions at Mandalay Bay were a big yawn (it was like one big Margaritaville).   I probably wouldn't stay in any of them again.
2	The Luxor gets one extra star taken away for having pictures of Carrot Top EVERYWHERE.  I know they're trying to advertise his show, but must they use his face??  It's bad enough I saw RuPaul shaking his titties on some commercial advertisement on one of the moving walkways.  I mean, I'm from San Francsico.  Not many things freak me out.  But Carrot Top's face on my Do Not Disturb sign and every other piece of hotel propaganda in my room as well as all over the hotel and casino.... It was frightening.UPGRADE YOUR ROOM.  Staying in the pyramid (from previous experiences) is very disappointing.  The upgrade is disappointing.  But do yourself a favor, and pay the extra $25 or whatever it is a night.  When you get to the "upgraded" room, you will ask yourself what the "downgrade" looked like, and then thank me.I am so OVER dirty hotel rooms.  Sticky residue on the floor of the entry way??  How did housekeeping pass that up?  Not to mention gross substances on the sides of the bathtub and shower.  The shower was soooooo grimey.  Walking in the room barefoot really opens your eyes.  And makes you want to wear flip flops everywhere.Then there was some stupid blinking light on the room phone.  It said we had a message.  We did not.  The hotel operator could not turn the flashing red light off.  I had to unplug all the phones in the room so that we wouldn't have to deal with the stupid lights blinking in every room at night.The good things about the Luxor?  Good promotional stuff.  Go check out a timeshare if you have time.  You can get hooked up with a free hotel room, a free cruise, cheap show tickets, etc...  I heard Chriss Angel's show was pretty stupid so don't waste your time or money on that.  Personally, if you're going to Vegas to party, I say stay less time and stay somewhere nicer than the Luxor!OMG I posted this and then remembered the worst part!  The TV!  It made this awful humming noise after it had been on too long.  So when I woke up at 6am and couldn't fall back asleep, I had two options: lay in silence, watch TV with an obnoxious humming noise.  You only get 23 channels, 2 of them are in Spanish and 4 of them are advertisements for Vegas.  And there was no way to order Showtime so I could watch my regular Sunday evening shows before going out.  Stay somewhere else if you plan on spending any time in your room at all. (Hard Rock?)
1	Three words: $5 RESORT FEE. What is a $5 resort fee you ask? Some made-up, #$%^&* charge they tack onto your bill because they realized that they didn't REALLY want to charge you what they advertised on their website.
4	One of the coolest hotel lobbys and my favorite place to stay in Vegas.  A tower room is a must!  A world of difference from the pyramid rooms.  They are spacious, luxurious and beautiful.  Love the Egyptian theme also.
1	Let's put it this way - I was inspired enough to create a photo essay in powerpoint called 20 Reasons the Luxor Sucks after my stay: http://www.slideshare.net/davidberkowitz/20-reasons-the-luxor-sucks
4	I liked the Luxor. Nevada has a dumb law about not having to actually reserve a room for a reservation, so you usually won't get what you booked on the first night, but if you get on the waiting list you will the second night, remember that. There were just the two of us and they put us in a room with two full size beds. We wanted a king and the second day they moved us to the Pyramid where the room, compared to the previous one, was much nicer themed. The only drawback to the Pyramid room was no bathtub, but what we really wanted was the king size bed so it was worth it.Unlike some other folks, we found both our rooms very clean and well kept. Room service came every day and fixed our beds, brought new towels (if we wanted them), cleaned the bathroom and gave us new mini shampoo and soap.I agree with Lauren R. about having Carrot Top pictures everywhere. That was some serious buzzkill. I also agree with her about the stupid blinking light on the telephone, it was just a lot of SPAM voicemails really. I really liked the Pyramid on a whole compared to other hotel-casinos. It ranked about 3rd compared to Paris which was my favorite to see.If you are looking for a nice but competitively priced hotel to stay at, look into Luxor as that option. One drawback is that it's at the end of the strip, but we always walked down the strip in the morning and took a cab back at night. If you are less into taking cabs then staying at a hotel in the middle of the strip might be a better option for you.Even though I stayed at the Luxor I ended getting a NY, NY t-shirt. All the Luxor branded stuff looked horrible.
1	Eff this place....It was the last resort for presidents day weekend for one night. It was either this or the Tropicana. Every hotel on the strip had "no vacancies" BS but whatever.  The Luxor smells like dead corpse. We checked in wanted a king, all they had was 2 queen in the pyramid..ok.....Got into the room it looked like house keeping didnt even vacuum or change the sheets. Was charged double on my card and didnt know until I got back home. WTF!!!788 to stay in that dump i might as well went to the WYNN! So I had to call accounting a tthe luxor and they kept telling me it was a pending transaction, WHY WOULDNT THE FRONT DESK TELL YOU THAT THEYRE GOING TO CHARGE AN EXTRA 388 ON YOUR CARD?! After screaming at the dumbazz on the phone she told me I'd be refunded one of the amounts by the end of the day. Tacos & Tequila was good spot to eat at . The staff seemed miserable, maybe because it was early?(3:30pm)   My advice is to avoid the Luxor..big disappointment. AND NEVER WILL STAY THERE AGAIN.
3	The Luxor is the manifestation of the adage, "you get what you pay for."I stayed here for a conference last week, and it was cheaper than the Mandalay Bay to which it was connected and where the conference was held. It was cheaper for a reason. I didn't experience any hotel horror stories a la bedbugs or exploding toilets. Everything was generally clean and the staff was friendly enough. I stayed in the West Tower. The room was weirdly decorated from floor to ceiling in this hideous forest green which sucked up what little light there was in the room. There was no safe, minibar or full length mirror. The TV was super old - I've stayed in Comfort Inns with flat panels, what the hell? The (cable) internet in the rooms was $15/day and there wasn't any wireless. I kind of figured in-room wifi was pretty standard these days. The lobby and casino area seemed to attract a somewhat less classy crowd than the nicer hotels, and was much smokier. Then again, when my wallet fell out of my bag at a slot machine, some sweet old Midwestern couple turned it in. Who turns in a wallet without taking ANYTHING in Vegas? Thanks guys!This is more of a cheap party hotel, there isn't much luxury involved. I'd shell out more and stay elsewhere next time.
3	we stayed here for 4 days in august last year and it was an OK stay.  probably the last time i will stay here unless there's some supersale on the hotel.the hotel is a bit older but since our friends were getting married at Mandalay Bay, and since we couldnt afford staying there, we chose the closed hotel so the 23 of us didnt have to go too far to be there in time for the wedding.there were construction going on all wknd.  so annoying as we were ok w/ it on Thursday but it seems be pounding w/ those machine all wknd.the pool area was small and was not "pretty" as the other hotels.club LAX is there and we all got in for free as we were staying there - one of the best part of the stay as there were lots of us and went in without lines etc. like the ability to go to Excalibur and Mandalay bay on the tram without walking too much but the wait is about 15minutes in the hot sun :(our room was not that big...good enough for 2ppl.  if more, it will be tight.their food court needs more variety.overall, you really dont get that much but then again, you dont pay that much for the room.
3	Luxor seemed alright.Stuck between Excalibur, the hotel I stayed at, and Mandalay Bay, the hotel hosting the conference I was at, Luxor was a good location for me to pass through on my way to someplace else.  The same way most people think of my home state, New Jersey.Luxor is gorgeous outside.  The giant pyramid, outlined in lights and sending a beam into the sky at night, with a obelisk and a sphinx standing guard.  Inside, it's impressive as well, certainly more so than Excalibur, where I stayed, but I was sad to see the Egyptian theme fall to the background behind the omnipresent glitz and sheen of Vegas.Nice, for what it is, but I prefer the thematic consistency of NY-NY and Paris.For whatever reason, I also found Luxor to be the most oppressive, cigarette smoke-wise.  I hated how smoking was allowed in all the casinos in Vegas anyway, but most seemed to have better ventilation or less smoking.  I still wish there were designated no-smoking gambling areas.To be fair, I was starting to get sick the night the smoke bothered me the most, but still, even after that point I didn't find the other casinos as bad as Luxor.I saw Bodies... The Exposition at Luxor and found it much more interesting and... enjoyable? (odd adjective to choose here) than I expected.  Humans have a surprisingly small spleen.Ate at Tender Steak and Seafood, and I'll review that elsewhere.I dunno. Not too much to say about Luxor, really.  I loved that it shared a tram with Mandalay Bay and Excalibur.  I wish all the casinos were on a tram.  Those places are too far apart.
4	This was my favorite place to stay in Nevada. The bummer is, the things that I loved about it they tore down. They are taking a lot of the whole Egyptian/pyramid theme away and trying to make it more trendy to appeal to a younger crowd. They took away the Arcade as well.I really enjoyed my stay here. The side-ways elevator experience is a must. I loved that it was connected.The hotel staff was the best of the best.There is a decent cafeteria.The breakfast buffet is AWESOME!!!
3	The Luxor is pretty cool to look at and to visit.  But, as with other hotel-casinos, it'sbeing de-themed, which to me is a shame.  After all, the Egyptian theme was supposed to be the big draw to get people in the door.  I think it still draws people in, but once inside you're like, okaaaaaaay, so this is it?  Then it's on to the next stop.The casino is fine for gambling.  All the usual selections are present.  I played a Wizard of Oz machine for quite some time without an appearance from a cocktail waitress.  So moved on to the next stop to find a waitress willing  to provide me with a complimentary cool, refreshing adult beverage to quench my thirst.  Excaliber filled the ticket in that department.The tram that runs between Excaliber and Mandalay Bay makes a stop at Luxor on the way back.  So that saves some time walking in the hot sun if you're out and about during the day.
1	upgraded us to a tower room.  Room sucked. If this was a upgrade I could just imagine what would have happened if we didn't get one maybe they would have made us sleep in a shopping cart.  Horrible horrible. Would rather be in Reno but I have to go here twice a Month.  Never again.
1	Well it was cheap, so I can't really complain. The whole shitty economy thing made the rooms $40 on Thursday and $50 on Friday, it got pretty pricey on Saturday, which is about what the stay was worth.We didn't really stay in the room for long so we didn't experience any real badness.  We slept in (it's fucking Vegas) and they didn't clean the room, the TV was 80s-riffic (I though they gave away 20" LCD with a 8 gallon fill up), and no wireless.Seriously, no one is going to pay $15 a day for wireless, it costs you no money to provide so just fucking do it already, this nickle and dime shit is so tired.  I'll just walk over to a different place and use theirs.The 3 stars is for lack of a minibar, I hate those things.Update:One star! How could I forget (thanks Mike!) the walls/doors are paper thin, I couldn't sleep cause the room next door got up at 7 am (It's Vegas for fucks sake) and I could hear them think.
3	The casino is ok, but I usually prefer to gamble in the Bellagio. Stayed in a room in the pyramid my first night and the ceiling was incredibly low - felt like I was in a cave. Second time, I stayed in a tower room - infinitely nicer, but still not nearly as nice as most other hotels. However, it was on the cheaper side and who really spends that much time in their room when in Vegas? The bed was comfy and that's all that really mattered... past that, I was out gambling. Didn't get a chance to check out the pool, but it looked nice. Also, the club - LAX - not quite my favorite club... overrated & the design was just horrible. Only go if you plan on getting bottle service - otherwise there's no room to dance and you're just surrounded by tables on all sides and if you're 'lucky' you'll see the mind freak...
3	This place was ok... we stayed there when it was first built, but it was just too far off the strip for us. Look at a map before you book. You live and you learn...
3	I finally got to go to Las Vegas again after 5 years. This time I stayed  at the Luxor.  If you don't mind staying in a building shaped like a pyramid and if you love things that are egyptian, then you would proabably like this place. It's a standard hotel, nothing fancy and it is very affordable. I like that it's on the Strip only 10 mins from LV Convention Center.If you want a decent room and want to save a little money then stay here. I you are looking for a romantic stay, then go somewhere else.I got to see the Blue Man Group, they were great.
3	I walked into the Luxor with my game face on.  I was hearing horror stories about how other people went to stay there and just had horrible experiences.  (I found all this out after reserving a spa suite for my girlfriend and I.)  Well, low and behold we finally wade through the other group of everyone else who was waiting to check in, and we get to the front desk.  They issue us our room keys and we are off to our spa suite... or so we thought.  The room was already booked to another couple who informed us that the room was filled with mold and they were checking into another room in a bit.  I went downstairs to alert them to the situation and they apologized and upgraded us for free to the premier suite.  Very nice digs, although it was a bit creepy because we laid down for about 45 minutes in between gambling sessions, left for an hour, then returned to change.  upon our return, the messy bed had been folded and chocolates were left on the bed.  But that was the only thing they did...  it was a ghost that offers turn down service.long story short, the hotel room was great, but the food (with the exception being the room service breakfast) was marginal at best.  The CATHOUSE dining area, Pyramid Cafe`, were all mediocre, and even T&T (Tacos and Taquila) had good food but mediocre service.  All in all, it seems to me that the Luxor is more interested in the quantity (of people staying) rather than the quality (of which they treat their guests).
2	Two Stars...This will be the few places I will give two stars.A star for interesting decor inside hotel. Another for LaX.I have never walked so far to my room from the elevator before. The elevator is literally at least 1 to 1.5 regular city block far. The rooms are not the best looking. They look like they tried doing the Egyptian thing but couldn't afford it so they stuck with style Motel 6 instead.  Also wish the windows would open. Real air ventilation was in deep need. Well at least the place is clean. The damn hotel is super far from everything. Meaning either you break your legs trying to get somewhere or pay a hefty price for a taxi be anywhere other then your hotel. The casino is okay....reminds me of Reno. Only ate here once and that was for brunch. LaX was good but it was waaay over crowded. They shouldve cut those rope roping off the booths. It just made it extra crowded with it.
4	Spring Break 2003 I stayed here. The pool is vegas style but was very nice. We stayed in the pyramid and those rooms are kept spotless. Great time was had by all. And I even won some money. Collest thing about this hotel are the inclinators. They make you lose you balance you'll forget all about how much lighter your wallet is when your head is light as well.
2	You get what you pay for at the Luxor. The rooms are some of the cheapest rates on the strip. I stayed in one of the pyramid rooms and it really was not too bad. The rooms was clean for the most part but the vent in the bathroom could of used a vaccuming. A lot of lint in there. Stall shower that wasnt bad. The drain right in the middle of the shower was a pain to step on though. The bed wasnt the most comfortable but I'm used to a pretty soft bed and it took some adjustment to get used to. The $15 for internet access is pathetic but it seems that is the norm in Vegas. Really how much would hurt these casinos to offer free wi-fi? The tv was just a basic one with pretty basic channels offered. I dont go to Vegas to stay in the room and watch tv anyways. The inclinators that you take to get up to the rooms is pretty strange at first. Its pretty funny looking at the peoples faces when they ride them the first time thinking its an elevator. Feels weird going at an incline. A big downer was the walk from the inclinator to the room. My room was at the front part of the pyramid with a view of the strip/airport so I had to walk half the perimeter of the building to get to my room.They have a food court but the options pretty much suck. A way overpriced Nathans hot dogs, a McDonalds, frozen yogurt type place, Little Caesars pizza, and a WAYYYY overpriced Quiznos. There are 3 Starbucks that I saw. Talk about overkill! Near the food court is one of those booths that they have all over the strip where you stand in front of a green screen and they videotape you, then add stuff to make it look like you are on a magic carpet or whatever cheesy thing you want. The girl working there SCREAMS directions to the people being taped. It was REALLY late and we were trying to sleep but could hear her annoying voice all the way through our door. And my room was all the way on the 17th floor!! Someone needs to shut her up.The Luxor is all the way at one end of the strip so to get to the more interesting parts of the strip be prepared to do some walking. They do have a free monorail that connects the Luxor with Mandalay Bay and Excalibur that sames a lot of walking but of course it was broke down. From what  I could tell, it hasnt been working for a quite a while. That meant having to walk through the maze of Excalibur to get over to New York, New York.I'm used to getting some kind of coupons/freebies when checking into casinos. At check-in at the Luxor I got room keys and directions to the inclinator. Thats it! Really pathetic considering the economy and how the casinos are trying to compete for customers. I turned down a totally free room at the Tropicana with no strings attached to pay to stay at the Luxor. If I had to do it all over again, I would have just stayed at the outdated Tropicana or paid more to stay at a more convenient location near the heart of the strip. Oh well. You live and learn I suppose.Oops! I almost forgot. We tried to go to the pool on Friday at about 6 pm. They close at 5 pm! What?? Is this Vegas or was I suddenly in a retirement home?
2	My girlfriends and I stayed here for two nights in the Towers. The room was pretty spacious but it wasn't so spotless. The carpets had dark stains and there were sticky spots! Eww. Also, the electricity in our bathroom had gone out, it was probably due to all the hair appliances my friends and I had plugged on at the same time. Our bad. When I called the front desk they told me that the engineer would be coming in our room to fix it in 30 minutes. Well....he was about 1 and a half hours late! I'm glad I had the experience to stay here once but I wouldn't stay here again.
4	My bestie, another chick and I stayed here for 5 days and 4 nights. It was cool. They had the basic stuff, towels, comfy beds. I loved the pillows, but my bestie wouldnt let me steal them lol. We never had a problem with anything. Well, the pool isnt open 24/7, so we had to go somewhere else if we wanted to swim at like 3AM. Theres a little food court, which was ok. More, the buffet place they have, was ok. Fresh food and a pretty good selection. We went there for the champangne (I cant spell) brunch and enjoyed unlimited mimosas and champangne. Oh, watch out for the old lady cashier, she was a bit of a biotch. Oh, we stayed on the 20th floor and the elevator moves side to side, or something. Its pretty dope. Overall, I would stay there again.
2	Hotel - bleak.   Casino - good.  Don't stay here.  Go stay at the Mandalay Bay or THEHotel next door.  But, don't stay here.  We had a room in the pyramid - the inclinator (not elevator) was SCARY.  It rattled and banged all the way up to our floor.  Everyone was hanging on to the hand rails - nervously laughing as we stared at each other in horror.  (All secretly wondering if theirs would be the last faces we'd ever see. . . )   We went without hot water for TWO DAYS.  Called for repairs three times - got no response.  Went to the front desk to find out what was going on - only to be told that no one ever turned in our request for repair.  HU??   They moved us to an "upgrade" room in one of the Towers.  Whatever. . .   The Tower is on the other side of the freakin' planet - so we had to hike from one end of the casino to the other building.  Crazy.  Once we got to our new room, we realized we'd left our cell phone charger in the old room, so we called the front desk to see if we could get the key and run back up there to get it.  THEY'D ALREADY PUT SOMEONE INTO THE ROOM!   Amazing.   The front desk people were awful.  The manager wouldn't even speak to us.  And we left the next day.   Awful service.  Rickety inclinators.  And lousy rooms.   Stay someplace else.
3	So what happens in Vegas doesn't always stay in Vegas, especially when it comes to reporting back on hotels! I have been to Vegas 15 + times over the years. Always have a good time and this trip was no exception. First time at the Luxor and I have to say that while the hotel was "nice" overall, it was nothing special. We were in an accessible room on the second floor. Room was okay, but looking a bit worn. I have to say the room was sound proof! Even being close to the casino we heard nothing when the doors were closed! Check in was a breeze! Staff was overall helpful and friendly. Walkways between Luxor and Mandalay Bay and also between Luxor and Excalibur. This was nice for getting around. I guess when I try to put my finger on why the average rating, it comes down to there was just nothing special about the hotel. It wasn't one of the new nicer hotels. It wasn't a dive hotel where you couldn't expect much. It was just middle of the road. Restaurants were okay, but nothing to write home about. Casino seemed a little on the small side. Didn't use the pool or spa, so no opinion there. Lines on the weekend to get into the nightclub LAX suggest it is a hip spot to be, but we never stopped by. I think for the price, you can do much better than the Luxor. Head for the middle of the strip to a slightly newer hotel. Just not my favorite place to stay.
4	I finally got my wish to stay at Luxor . I was happy to get a room within the pyramid so that I could see the effect of the slanted windows, another one of those dumb little things I get so excited about. Other than a little water damage around the window, the room was pretty nice. There wasn't much to indicate that Luxor opened way back in 1993. The wardrobe was comically Egyptian themed. I'm impressed with how much is stuffed into the Luxor atrium. The entertainment possibilities are endless. I wish I had the time to visit the Titanic Artifact exhibit. It looked interesting. I liked the color scheme on the casino floor. Creamy white, blue and silver are a great combination and such a difference from many of the other casinos. The elevators at Luxor are almost Wonka-like in that they travel in an angle up and down the corners of the pyramid. Luxor actually calls them inclinators. If you're not expecting the semi-sideways movement, you might find yourself performing and impromptu balancing act.
3	Well, being in a pyramid they have what is called an "Inclinator" instead of an elevator.   Same basic principal, takes you from floor to floor, but since you are no moving exactly horizontal or vertically, yet inclining, it's an Inclinator.   Feels kind of weird....  Just like the Mandalay Bay next door, this can be a little pricey.   The view from our room was strange, as once again, being in a pyramid, the angle of the windows (which you can't open) don't allow for a very good view.   We tried to go all the way to the top but could not for some odd reason, I think you have to pay more to look out from the top.   Typical Strip Casino Hotel, we were not let down and enjoyed it.   The only annoyance was that the Tram system closed too early, like a midnight or something.   And who goes home before midnight in Vegas?  :)   In fact who even knows when it's midnight in Vegas?  :)
1	So we just got back from Las Vegas and needless to say we were totally underwhelmed by the whole trip. This review however is about the Luxor hotel in particular and not the city of Vegas. Trust me, if I could write a review on a city, I would- and it would be Vegas. With that said, we were really excited to be staying in one of their luxury suites that was heavily discounted because of the economy. The truth is, the room itself was fantastic despite some cleanliness issues (there was major long black hair in the jet tub, and I am blond) and some plumbing issues in the shower (it wouldn't drain, so you had to take a shower with your feet in a bath), but it was over all a very aesthetically pleasing room. The reason I give Luxor a worse rating than the local motel 6 is because of the service. The first night we stayed up until 3am and were starved from our flight that night and from walking the strip. We came inside our hotel to ask the concierge where to eat to her reply "there is a deli in the hotel". We were mortified that Vegas closes so early and that our only option for food was a hotel deli. We ate our sandwich and went to bed. So much for the nightlife in Vegas. The reason I blame the hotel is because after returning home, I hear that the concierge was wrong and that there were many places to eat on the strip late night/early morning. The next day we saw the sites and went to bed late again. We woke the following day to a loud fire alarm going off in our room warning us of an emergency. My husband and I quickly grabbed our clothes and ran down the 11 flights of stairs to evacuate the building. We hit the last floor and were at the back of the hotel. We walked to the front of the hotel and inside to see what was going on to see everyone acting normal. We asked the concierge (different woman this time), what was going on and she replied "I don't know what you are talking about, just go back to your room"....wow! So she wasn't sure what was going on, if there was a fire, or an emergency but she wasn't willing to ask someone either. Obviously the hotel is not concerned with your safety. We decided after not going back to our room but instead grabbing lunch outside of the hotel, that we would leave the hotel and Vegas for good. We walked back inside to once again talk to a new concierge and to ask to check out one day early where we were shoveled around to 3 different places to finally a woman who I presumed to be the manger angerly checked us out without asking the reason, because she didn't care. We didn't get a partial credit or a thank you or anything. I couldn't believe the lack of customer service and just plan decency of the Luxor. The buffet they have there is decent but that is only because we paid half price because of the deal we got online. I definitely would not pay full price for it. You know, for the starving economy that Vegas claims, I really didn't feel they were that hungry for business. Luxor is truly suxor. Never again!
1	I just got back from Las Vegas with two of my girlfriends.  We stayed @ the Luxor.  This hotel is a total disappointment.   The room had 2 queen beds, and enough space for 3 women to unpack and move around.   WE requested for a nonsmoking room and per the lady at the front desk, we got a nonsmoking room.  But the smell of smoke was so heavy, it felt like there is a man sitting in the closet just blowing out smoke all day long.   The closet must of somehow suffered from some kind of water damage because the wood at the base was bended.   The room was dark, the wall paper looks like it needed to be replace.   Next is the bathroom.  There was a hole on the wall in the bathroom.  No joke, a hole in the wall.  This hotel is nothing like anything I would expect from a 4 stars hotel in Vegas.  It was a total disappointment.
4	it's reallly nice, but the room i was so wow'd by it... the elevators made me a lil sickkk and it was jus to narrow inside... i must say do to my nails i was able to check in at 8am when my check in was actually at 3pm .. ha ha goooo nails! the personal was really nice also..
3	Let's see, I ate a pizza, wait wait wait, I'm calling it an overdressed arugula salad on top of bread with cheese at one of the cafes there all while getting stared by a "professional" Asian mother daughter duo (they were licking their lips and batting their eyes). Not the greatest "salad" especially for the price, but that's Vegas.  The place is rather smokey, but it is somewhat impressive being inside a pyramid, so that's a push. I learned from a rather loud bar patron at one point that Georgia girl's wahoos smell like peaches while Texas ones smell like BBQ and rawhide and at the same place I got to see an elderly woman (70ish) fight a security guard who was trying to escort her out of the bar because she had had enough. Classic Vegas.
2	The Luxor is probably one of the best looking hotels on the strip from the outside....  Unfortunately for me and others who stay here on there visit to Las Vegas this hotel is nothing more than the a 1or 2 star hotel, disguised as a 4 or 5 star hotel on the inside.  The room does not match the architecture, the elevator feels like a death trap, the decor is lame and outdated, and the housekeeping isn't the best.  In fact, I ask the standard housekeeping immigrant guy you always see pushing the towel cart for some towels and he said "No", I was shocked.  I decided to just go the other route, and just took some off the cart and kept it pushing without asking.
5	Let me start this off by saying that I know what is good.The price I paid for my room was great and our room had a very nice view from the 18th floor. I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the hotel/casino itself as it was geared more towards couples in their mid twenties to early thirties just looking to have a sophisticated good time. No watershows, no wild animals, nothing much of the touristy nature. Tacos and Tequila was a pretty good gringo Mexican food. Can't beat gouda cheese enchiladas and a free shot! I am also from Michigan and was happy to find a little ceasars pizza up in the pyramid.
2	Stayed here over the weekend. Asked for a non-smoking room, but when we opened the door got punched in the face by the reek of cigarettes. Had to stomp back down to the lobby to get another room. So annoying. If anyone is going to book a non-smoking room, do us all a favor and don't smoke! How rude. In addition to the room, my stay there was compromised by these Timeshare sales reps who kept trying to rope us in posing as employees of the hotel offering us comps. Seriously, during our 2 night stay we must've been heckled at least 10x. Our stay wasn't all bad. We got something out of the bad. Got an even better room after we switched, all the way at the end of the hall with a view of the pyramid which was great at night when they turned on their beam. As for those pesky timeshare reps, we were lured by show tickets and casino vouchers. Basically made a nice chunk of play money in exchange for 4 hours of our time. I'll definitely look to stay elsewhere on the strip. This place is too far south on the strip for my taste. Everywhere was a hike to get to.
3	I've stayed at the Luxor numerous time just because they always have great deals. The architecture is excellent and I enjoyed coming here.The rooms are pretty outdated and dirty though. I'm not into sports but you can definitely get an athlete's foot by walking barefoot in the carpet :).The free shuttle is pretty cool although it only takes you one hotel to the left or right which is pretty silly. The staff does not really care much for the inhabitants. One night on my way to my room I saw a guy unconscious faced down on the floor and I immediately called the lobby so that they could send someone to see if this guy had a heart attack or just a passed out drunk. No one came. I called maybe about 4 times until I gave up. Fortunately the guy was not there anymore when I woke up 6 hours later.Overall, this hotel has seen better days. The external facade is very cool. One of the best structures on the strip but the rooms are really bad.Oh and please don't believe the hype about the inclinator...
1	Firstly, the front desk lost our reservation. Actually, they didn't lose it, they said that we had arrived the day after our reservation date but they were going to "try to accomodate" us and find a way to dismiss the 'no arrival charge'. We had double checked that we had booked the correct night before continuing our reservation - the front desk lady said that we needed to recheck our paperwork for the correct date and that "people make mistakes". We pulled out our reservation papers and we were correct - their computers were wrong and we were there on the correct date! We didn't owe a fee, but they kept acting like they were really helping us out by not charging us....um, your computers screwed up Luxor! After some typing on her computer, the front desk worker gave us our keys and almost forgot to give us the coupons we were supposed to receive with the package we had booked. She disappeared for a few minutes and came back saying that they were out of the coupons (for 2 for 1 buffets, a $50 credit to their steakhouse, and something else...spa passes?) and that we could just charge everything to our room and they would make sure to credit us back for it. Oh and the catch was that since they didn't give us actual coupons we had to credit them all within our stay. We were there for one night, and it was already 3pm....there was NO WAY we could eat that much in a few hours and use the spa facilities, especially since we were going to a show that night! Plus we figured they would "forget" to take the charges off and we'd have who knows what on our bill. No thank you. My husband and I got to our room, after walking forever through what looked like a hallway in a basement (talk about realistic pyramid hallways, the ceilings were insanely low) and rode a regular elevator up one floor to another scary hallway. We got into our room (an old one btw) and saw a lovely view of....the valet lol. It was ok though, we weren't there to stare out the window all night. My husband went into the bathroom and came right back out. The maids must have forgotten to clean around the toilet / toilet seat b/c my husband said there was either vomit or poop on the lid.....it's pretty scary when you can't tell the difference lol. I refused to use the toilet in there, yuck. I can understand trying to accomodate us or whatever, IF they were busy, but I think the worker put us in that scary room on purpose b/c we proved that they were wrong. The lighting in the room was bad, the beds were old and scary, and the check out feature on the tv didn't work. I will say though that the bath products smelled really great and I made sure to bring them home with me. That was the plus of the room. We did not use the shower, and every time I had to use the toilet (the little bit we were in the room) I went to use one in the casino.My husband emailed the Luxor as soon as we got home and they emailed back the next day saying they would have a manager contact us.  We are still waiting to hear from them, and this was in February.Oh, and the inclinator almost made me vomit lol. My husband and I wanted to try one out so we snuck onto one with another guest, since our key didn't work. Omg....how do drunks stay standing on those things?! lol.
3	I guess in the end you get what you pay for.  Had to go to Vegas for just one night so didn't want to spend a lot for a room.  The Luxor had a room for $58.  That is really inexpensive.  It was very easy to resever the room and even got a AAA discount.When we arrived (and after waiting 25 minutes to get through check in line)  they gave us a non-smoking room in one of the towers.  We walked what seemed like a mile to the room and when we opened the door it smelt like chain smokers had been staying in the room.  My brother is allergic to smoke so we called down to the front desk to ask about changing rooms.At first they said someone could come up and spray but this room really was bad.  So they had us come all the way back down, wait in line again and then they gave us our new keys.  They wrote West tower on the key binder but the room was in the East tower.  Urgh, another mile of needless walking.However once in the room, it was clean, a bit outdated, but everything worked, the room was big and for the price it was a value for sure.  Oh by the way, the buffett is also priced great at $19 for dinner, but it is average at best.
3	My second trip to Vegas, I was impressed by the outside of the hotel the first time around, and decided to stay there this time.It was, well, a bit underwhelming...Upon arriving, I was greeted by some friendly people offering tourist help... Great I thought! Until I realized it was merely a timeshare pitch. Grrr... Turns out these people are everywhere! Not really the Luxor's fault, I suppose, but it was just the first annoying piece of the experience.The wait to check in was long, the place is hard to navigate, and the room was nowhere near what I was expecting... The wallpaper was literally coming off the way, the sink was chipped, and the carpet was, well, interesting...Now, with that out of the way, you get what you pay for! After getting accustomed to the surroundings, I realized it was a fun, entertaining, low-cost Vegas experience. They're remodeling a bunch of stuff, aiming at a younger crowd, and I think they're doing the right thing.In a year or so, with the remodeling done, I think it'll be a much better Vegas destination, hence the 3 star rating!PS The pool is awesome!
3	I chose cheap room rate over convenience. Luxor was towards the end of the strip and I promised myself that I wouldn't pick something so darn far the next time. The tram would only go from Mandalay Bay to Excalibur, which did me absolutely no good. The room was ok. You could tell that the hotel was aged but I liked the shower since the walls were actually textured. Word of advice: after you park at self-park, do NOT talk to anyway on the way to the check-in counter. I got stopped twice by people that looked like they were gonna escort you to the check-in counter but they were trying to sell you show tickets. Sorry buddies, I got tickets to the best show in town - O. They gave us a room that was hecka far from the elevator and I couldn't understand for the life of me on why they would make you walk so far to the room when they knew you would be exhausted on walking on the strip all day long?? The elevators, like the other yelpers said, were kinda freaky. Since they didn't go straight up (due to the slanted pyramid), I could feel myself leaned towards one side and the shaking didn't help either. The only great experience from being at Luxor was running into The Quest Crew from ABDC while I was waiting in line to check in! They were totally cool guys and so very talented. I got to talk to them for a bit and took a pic with them.....Go Quest Crew!! Yay!
3	The first time I went to Vegas in 2004 we stayed at the Luxor. Prices were reasonable for Spring. Rooms were clean but nothing to ooh and ahhh about. Our room was in the tower not the pyramid and if I remember correctly the view wasn't anything worth mentioning. The Buffet at the Luxor was good for breakfast, we ate there every day and didn't have to wait in line at all. Overall I'd say its a nice hotel but I'd probably stay some place else next time.
3	This was my first time staying at the Luxor,and i have to say it was okay.The casino floor has always been clean and open and inviting,The lounges have been really cool to chill and drink and the Luxor staff make you feel like home.The only thing i was not happy with was that the Pyramid Rooms A/C was bad,it was cooling,but not super cold as in other places i have stayed,and i have to admit,my room was facing the strip (21st floor) right above their statue entrance,and i am thinking that its the old unit that was the problem plus you add the sun beating down on that side of the pyramid,so yea,but you see,i have stayed in other hotels that are facing the same direction and their A/C was super,so not sure if it was a hit or miss,but next time i stay there i am going to either ask to be facing a different direction or get a tower room.The rooms are okay,it would be nice to see bettter bedding,but then again the value was worth it,the restroom was basic.The only thing i did not enjoy was that the corridors were dirty with leftover room service carts and just stuff lying around,it might be me,but it was at all times of the day,not just one specific time.Anyhow,who goes to check the rooms right? HahahaTry it out,its good but not great.Thx for reading...Hope i helped
1	The Luxor was nice however their service was the worst I've ever had. We called several times for towels and other essentials we needed and they finally brought them up after 2 hours the lady had an attitude. We also requested room service while we were gone and that never happened. I was very disappointed with them.
2	I've stayed at the pyramid several times, all the way from adjoining suites with a strip view, to the bottom of the barrel room with a view of a rooftop AC unit.  This last time was kinda crappy.  I guess they wanted to gouge everyone on the holiday weekend.  Table limits were high.  The food and drinks seemed substandard.  The beds weren't even made right.  I will say this, the bartenders at Flight and at the LAX lounge were pretty cool.  The rest of the experience this last trip was lacking.I did win a few dollars in the casino though which paid for my trip and drinking for a few days after I got home to wash the nasty taste from this place away.
3	For the price, I'd say this was a good value for Vegas. Of course it was my first trip, but this was one of the cheaper options and seemed like a good value.  As a Vegas virgin, I was impressed with the decor and liked the theme and details such as hieroglyphics in the elevators. Casino was spacious, not as smokey as some, and had several convenient bars/lounges integrated with the floor, if you just want to chill and not gamble.LAX: crowded, but fun if you like crowded nightclubs and don't mind smoke and not sitting down. Good mix of music, hot crowd.  Put your name on the list as a hotel guest and get in for free. Our wait was about 30 mins. around 11:30.Liquidity, Flight, Aurora: similar lounges/bars in casino, good places to chill with friends while taking a gambling break, or for video gambling at a bar.Pyramid Cafe: Nothing to write home about, but a decent basic, budget option for quick casual meals. Bonus: breakfast all day, friendly service.Rooms in the West Tower were ok-sized, seemed reasonably clean. You can fit 5 people in a standard tower room, with 2 on each bed and one on chair cushions, if you're really trying to maximize a budget.  Pillows and beds could have been more comfortable, though.  Bathroom was spacious and had a separate tub and shower.  Housekeeping did miss servicing one room when folks slept in pretty late, they should step up their schedule to accommodate a Vegas schedule. And be sure to use the "Privacy" door hanger, or you WILL be woken up by knocking and someone coming into your room around 9 am.Pool area was spacious; busy, but we managed to find a couple free chairs at mid-day/early afternoon, and could comfortably relax in the pool and quickly get decent drinks from the pool bar.Location is not ideal. You can use the tram to get up to Excalibur and close to New York, New York, but mid-strip will be a lot of cab rides or a looooong walk. The underground connection with Mandalay Bay does add a lot of food and shopping choices.Bottom line: if you're on a budget (or get a deal/comped room here), go for it. If you can splurge, stay somewhere mid-strip or on the monorail route and a little fancier. As always, bring comfortable shoes, flip-flops or something, for daytime and extra-late nights, cause your strappy heels will get uncomfortable fast strutting around the casino or dance floor.
1	This was the place to stay when it first opened years ago.  But now it has become run down and really low budget in a bad way.  A year ago I got an offer for 3 free nights, and usually I would stay in nicer places but thought, it's free..lets give it a try.  When I went to check in at the VIP line, they didn't have any record of my reservation although I did have a printed receipt and confirmation number.. They asked me to step aside while they figured out what happened.  40 minutes later I was fuming and went back up to see what the delay was. If it wasn't for the fact that my nights were going to be free, I would of turned around and looked for a room elsewhere.  They finally straightened it out and up to my room I went.   I had stayed there a few times in the 90's and it had really changed.  Rooms are shabby and worn looking, dust on furniture and the restroom had mold in the shower.  I would never come back here again, even if I got another free offer.
3	We had a conference in Vegas and it was at the Mandalay, which was sold out. So we stayed here. For the price, it was reasonable. The layout was a bit confusing at first, but once you got the hang of it, it was not a problem. There was too much cheese there. By cheese I mean, Criss Angel AND carrot top everywhere. It was just too much.The casino was comfortable. I think my favorite part was the pool area. It was laid out well and the staff was nice -- not snotty at all.The big bonus to this place was that it was connected to the Mandalay via walking tunnels/mall/etc. The mall attached to it had alot of great restaurants and shops. So, in all, nothing special...
4	Stayed here for 6 nights. Staff were awesome, friendly and gave us a free upgrade so was staying in Luxor Tower room which was very lush and well worth the $250 dollars I paid for the room. TV was good, kitchen was nice and had a fridge, Bathroom was outstanding and the master room (with its pop up TV) was great. In all it was a class room. The casino is nice, it has a classy feel to it with plenty of games. Minimums start at $10 and rise steadly though through the busy periods most tables are $15. The cocktail waitresses are your standard affair and fine at their jobs though aren't to happy if you stiff them on a tip. The bars are nice, expensive but nice. Went to Tender & Cathouse (look for seperate reviews) which were worth the money. Only real downside was the hotels positioning on the strip.In all I would stay here again with out a thought.
2	Stayed here for one night last week (6/7) and was sort of disappointed this time around. I have fond memories of visiting this place as a kid in the 90s. A lot has changed in the last decade, but the Luxor really hasn't. Too cheesy for my taste at this point, and my friends and I didn't even spend much time in the actual hotel. The pool area wasn't that great; actually kind of on the smaller side. One of the pools was closed while we were there, and there was a serious shortage of lounge chairs. My friends and I moved over to the Monte Carlo after our stay here, and I would recommend that hotel before this one for sure (check out that review if you like). Also, the Criss Angel and Carrot Top advertisements are overwhelming. We couldn't stand seeing Carrot Top's creepy face every time we went into an elevator. EEEWWWW!!!! I don't think I'll stay here again, unless it's free.
2	Most of our stay was satisfactory. I did notice that our room was dimly lit but we didn't mind. I think the dim lights serve as purpose for the stained walls, frayed comforters and other details. We stayed at the pyramid. There was no bath tub but we liked the roomy shower. The blanket underneath the comforter felt really cheap but it's a good thing the room wasn't that cold. The shower pressure was pretty strong, which was a good thing for us. Felt like I was getting a light head massage. The two stars came from the noise at 7am from one of the adjacent rooms. It wasn't other guests that made the noise but loud hammering and drilling. We thought they were hanging a picture. But for what seemed like every 5-10 minutes, we'd hear it. This went on for two hours at least. Add to that, we smelled smoke in our non-smoking room. It wasn't noticeable at first and we thought it was just our hair and clothes. But it was indeed our room. Parts of the hallway was very smokey as well. The a/c sometimes made squeaky sounds. We turned it off during our sleep.Check in at 4:30pm took half an hour because the lines were long. This was on a Sunday in June. Walking from the parking lot wasn't as far as I thought it would be. You get to check out the pool area on the way to the hotel. We stayed at the 12th floor facing the strip. It was quiet facing the casino and hallways. However, it was easy to hear outside traffic, like a car alarm or ambulance.
2	The bargain rates at Luxor right now are no bargain when you consider how beat down the property is.  We got a $70/night rate but ended up in a pyramid room. Yuck!  The carpet was very dirty and snagged, the hall carpeting has been cleaned so many times it is stretched and wrinkled and the pyramid common areas and casino are pretty dated. The pool area also doesn't stack up to other properties.  The bedding was downright horrible--surely this is something that could be upgraded without rehabbing the rooms.  Having said that, the staff was uncommonly nice --it's clear that they are trying hard. Still, next time in Vegas, I'll pay $30 more and stay at a nice property.
1	My boyfriend and i stayed here from sun to wed. It took us 45 mins to check in and they still screwed up our keys and gave the worse directions to our room. It took us about 2 hrs to check in and finally find our room. Once we got to our room it smelled like piss and they gave us 2 king beds instead of a queen.. WHACK!! This was the worst stay ever.. Sure it was a bargain but not worth ur while!! Stay somewhere else people! The casino and buffet are great but the pyramid rooms SUCK! I dont think they even clean the rooms for the next visitors. Its disgusting!
2	I'm not a fan of the Luxor rooms....We stayed here one night...and one night too many.... The rate for a Saturday night was $140 (last minute)...They let us check in early which was cool. The Luxor is at the end of the strip but at least it is on the strip, easy access to the MGM. So we check in...the process is quick and painless. The hotel isn't too big so it was easy to navigate. We found our elevator in the back corner by the pool. The elevators are SCARY...they feel very unstable and I think I fell over a few times...but I am pretty clumsy. The room walls are very thin. I could hear everything going on in the rooms next door. very irritating. We were on the 17th floor with a poolside view. They played music near the pool and we could hear it loud and clear like it was just outside our window. But the pools are excellent! Big and lots of room...my favorite part of Luxor. I don't think I will stay here again. I couldn't wait to get out of there. But this review does not include LAX, the casino, the Cathouse, or any of the restaurants downstairs. I'm a huge fan of LAX...look for my review on that!
2	I've stayed here twice and although it is one of the more affordable "4 star Hotels" on the strip I've had issues with the rooms every time.- The first time we stayed here the A/C did not work right and the shower clogged and leaked.- The second time our room smelled bad and we found out that the A/C was broke and leaking all over the floor.  When we notified the desk they moved our rooms but messed up our payment.  We were moved into a similar room where the A/C did not leak but it was very weak.  The shower also clogged and leaked.Also this place has not upgraded to flat screen TVs yet.  It's not all bad because the hotel looks cool and it had some decent stuff to do inside, but I think you're better off someplace else.
3	My bf booked our room back in April for our recent June weekend stay and the room was alright esp. for being under $100 a night. Non smoking King the only thing that kept bothering me was the smokey fan in the banyo, I mean I know it's Vegas but come on.. not cool someone needs to charge that person who caused it. I'm ready to try NYNY now! lol but for the price the Luxor was a-ok.
3	Went to Vegas for 24 hours last month me and two friends. Stayed here because we booked last minute(from the airport ) and got a great rate at $60 USD(I'm Canadian). Hotel was huge! We were on the 16th floor, there was only one elevator per floor so we had to walk a lot! Rooms were okay two double beds, a tv, ironing board. There is no safe or fridge in the basic room we got. We did have some issues with the pluming but we called front desk and some one came up in less than 5 minutes. We didn't stay in our hotel for more than 5 hours(getting ready and couple hours of sleep). We choose this hotel because we came down on a Wednesday and wanted to go to LAX so it was convenient. No issues with the hotel expect for I was double charged for my room, then credited but with the exchange rates changing I still ended up having to pay more then I should of but what can you do!LAX was a GREAT TIME. We arrived around 1130 and there was a pretty big line. Walked to the front of the line and told the door man we were guest of the hotel. He told us to wait just a minute and he'd let us in. So we did. There were maybe 5 groups of guys trying so hard to get in, saying anything from we'll do bottle service to, do you know who I am. It was a good laugh. Within 5 minutes we were in the club, he didn't check our room key, nor did we pay admission. The club was PACKED! So many people would be touching you all over! We had a good time though, partied with some bachelors, then my friend met some guy that had a bottle. I didn't really like him but his friends kept buying us drinks so we stayed. Went to Cat house after, it sucked. They played house music and everyone seemed high. The guys we met at LAX paid $200 just so we would have a place to sit. We left after 20 mins. Sorry guys!
2	I was at the Luxor last November with some friends.When we got to our rooms - one of the guys in our room received a room that hadn't been cleaned - and still had garbage from its previous occupants.  Good thing the guy staying in that room was so drunk he didn't care.  The exterior design of the hotel is very impressive and speaks for itself.If you are in the pyramid - you will find that the pyramid design comes at a high price - you have to do an insane amount of walking.  I got a room that was about as far as possible from the elevator - meaning that going to my room meant walking half of the perimeter of the pyramid at the fifteenth floor.  While you might need calculus to figure out exactly how long the walk was - I can tell you that going from the casino to my room and back to change shirts was at least a fifteen minute ordeal !?!?!Construction was going on all over the hotel - and I heard some of it at night.  The rooms (and carpeting in the hallway) look like theyve been partied in/on every night since this hotel opened - without ANYTHING being replaced.  Forget about taking your wife/girlfriend here --- I'm not sure I'd be that enthusiastic about taking a hooker back to the room I had.Between the location and room quality - unless the room was free or almost free - I probably wouldn't stay here again.
5	my boyfriend and i were a little skeptical about staying at the luxor after we saw all of the bad reviews. we booked a pyramid spa suite......AMAZING! the suite was great for the two of us. the spa was amazing- right next to the window with a great view! it was perfect for our little get away. the bar in the middle of the casino was pretty chill. we had dinner at the cathouse, which was nice but not exactly like what they advertised, but it was nice and intimate and the food was amazing. i cant wait to go back to vegas, we will definitely be going back for that spa suite at the luxor!
3	I've been wanting to stay here for a long time because the hotel is so pretty inside.The price was right.  The room was a typical hotel room but the cool part was that we had an awesome view of the pool. Other than that, nothing more to speak of.
4	Now let me explain my 4 star review of a hotel that should otherwise only rank a mere 3. The value of this place is insane. I never even rented a room here, but I can tell you that if im planning a moderate to low cost trip to vegas, this place is definetly in my top spot to consider. For a town where I rarely even sleep, who cares what the inside of the rooms look like. This venue is stocked with a sick place to eat (backstage deli) and two decent nitelife spots (LAX & Cathouse.) The casino here is also decent, great place to find some late nite tale but points off for the abundance of Staten Island types who find this hotel's gaudy ostentatious decor alluring. If the luxor still seems to pricey, you probably dont belong in vegas, but I would reccomend you stay at the Excalibur where white trash and wetbacks unite in a working mans fantasyland.
4	Stayed here for July 4th weekend because we got a pretty good deal and it's one of the places on the strip we hadn't checked out yet. Check in took about 45 minutes and we ended up getting an upgrade from the Pyramid to the West Tower.  The room was great and right by the elevators which is a major plus.  The West tower is in the back of the casino and a bit of a walk, but it's very close to the pool and spa which was perfect for us.  Loved the pool area.  Since it was a holiday weekend it was busy but we found spots both days with minimal problems.  Most people are interested in just laying out so there was plenty of room in the water to cool off.Spa was great, food court was perfect for late night snacks and the walkways to Mandalay and Excalibur make it easy to move around the strip.  Clubs aren't our thing so we didn't check those out but we enjoyed our stay and will add Luxor to our list of places to stay in Vegas.
3	This is complicated... I was in the Luxor when it first opened. It was impressive, original and upscale. Loved the pyramid, the elevators were called inclinators and the spa was first rate. Flash forward a decade or so and nothing has been changed or even updated. There lies the rub. The place is tired. Everything original seem kitchy..They even have ads on the pyramid itself. Its like the Egyptians have been defeated in battle by the Mandalayians, which now has the better restaurants, clubs , spa and overall facility. The real problem is the whole company is woefully over leveraged and the recession is killing revenues. It will be awhile before The Luxor, ironically meaning palace in Egyptian, will once again win on the ultra competitive strip
3	I got this hotel through priceline for $39.00 and on top for that the $5.00 service charge fee for a $60 dollar hotel.  Anyways what i did not like is the hidden $10.95 a day for the Luxor.service daily service fee for two water bottles, newspaper and local phone and so we ended having to pay $60 dollars a day =(  I do not think $10.95 is not too much money, but I guess the hidden fee pissed me off just because it did and that is why it is lowered by two stars.  anyways due to do this, I probably would not stay here, but I am sure other hotels do so as well.Okay the service was okay, my room was pretty nice and clean. We did get double beds which was nice and was on the 2nd floor so the action was right there and you can see the people gambling..  However, the good news is that we did not hear the action heheheh =)  which is a plus.The only bad side is the toilet.  They got an interesting flusher which is noisy as hell and is terrible getting the toilet paper down.  The shower was nice. Overall it was not a 4 star hotel as Priceline claims,but oh well what can you do right.We did not eat nor gamble here and if we did it was only a buck or so.
2	This hotel was a bit less then what I had expected. I stayed at T.I. and those rooms were better. The beds at Luxor felt like beds from a run down motel on some random highway in the Nevada desert. We even got an "upgrade" to the towers and I kid you not, my friend was like "THIS, is an upgrade?". Not sure how the rooms in the pyramid were but if our tower upgrade was so crappy, I feel sorry for the others. Club LAX was mediocre at best, similar to the hotel...Bottom line: I will not be staying here again.
3	Got a pretty good deal on this hotel, and we booked it for our anniversary/my birthday week.  I tried calling them to let them know it was our anniversary, and I would like to have some champage/flowers in my room upon our arrival, and I gladly would've paid extra.   Person on the phone said they can't do this because they don't know what room you will be in till you check in.   I begged and pleaded to the person if they could make this possible, they said no.   Now I understand that she may not have been able to do this, but she could've at least offered a spa credit, casino credit, or a credit to one of their crappy shows since it was our anniversary.  Other hotels routinely offer you some discount tix to a show if you are staying at the hotel.   One thing that sucked is we had to drive around the hotel four times before we finally found the self-parking.   Then once we actually found it, we had to drive around for another 30 mins before a parking spot finally opened up.  Just imagine how thrilled we were to see the LONG ass line for check-in when we finally found it.    We stood in line almost an hour to check-in.   No additional welcome offers once we checked in either.   We stayed in the Pyramid Spa suite, which was a great room that has its own spa tub and a separate shower.   We did use the Nuture Spa, and I'll be writing my review of that later.One annoying thing is that everyday we would have a voicemail on our phone, and it would just be a stupid advertisement for the show "Menopause" that is held there at the Luxor.  Are they really that desperate that they have to leave you a voicemail message?  The show must really suck.  I wouldn't mind staying here again, but I think there are plenty of other hotels where they can at least offer you some comps for staying there.***On a side note, my wife and I kept wondering...why are there so many annoying ass kids staying at this hotel?     There are no shows at the hotel that can kids can see.  Why not stay at the Circus Circus or something like that where your kids can at least have some fun.  Better yet, why even take your kids to Vegas in the first damn place.   You can't go to any of the adult shows cuz you are stuck dragging their asses around everywhere, and your kids don't wanna do any of the crap you wanna do anyway.  Nothing sadder than watching some little kid in a stroller asleep at 12am because her mama and daddy wanna be out on the strip.   Keep your kids at home!  *LOL*
1	So I booked 2 king non smoking rooms. At check in (2pm) they gave me two 2 queen rooms saying they didn't have any kings available. This was at 2pm and as I was finishing checking in, the guy next to me in line checked in a king room. The sink didn't drain properly and had a scum/hair "bowl" left over from the previous guest. The AC only worked on lo and med, not high. beds looked like somebody had sat on them and were not comfortable. Room was very close to the nightclub which made sleeping before 4am impossible. I was not told I would be close to the nightclub at check in. When the bass stopped at 4am, I finally relaxed. At 4:20 am somebody knocked on my door and entered my room even though I had a Privacy Please sign displayed. They had a spanish accent and said "housekeeping, oh no this one's occupied, oh shit..."I will never stay at this horrible hotel again.
4	I've only been here twice, but I had fun both times I came!Their arcade is a lot of fun. Hahaha, yes, I still go to Las Vegas for their arcades. Their little mummification museum is pretty interesting. I forget if it is required to pay for the little recorded handset for the museum walk through, but if it isn't, I recommend you not buying it - unless you're reeeeeaally interested in the stuff. I was satisfied enough simply looking at the exhibits.They have an IMAX theater as well. Pretty cool.The only thing I hated was how the rooms are shaped. You know how the Luxor is a pyramid, right? Well, the rooms give you a view that makes it hard to see the view. When you try to go up to the glass to look out, your head is forced at a weird angle.Anyways, yeah. I have a lot of fun. It's a fun place to go if you can't afford Caeser's Palace, Bellagio, or Four Season's or something ...
4	I have to say- for the money, this place was fine. Folks 'warned' me about the Luxor- that it was not good. We had a clean room, nice staff and good food. If you are looking for a place on the strip that isnt super expensive, do the Luxor. The pool was nice too. The SPA was AMAZING.
4	My first "adult trip" to Vegas involved a stay at the Excalibur so I was definitely hoping for a better hotel this time around. Thankfully the Luxor didn't disappoint. For the price, we got a nice room, decent bathrooms, and the room was relatively large (we got a free upgrade to a tower room, so I didn't get to witness the awesome of the Inclinator). The breakfast buffet was good (I had a wicked hangover and was in dire need of a decent breakfast and was very happy with what I got). Didn't have the other food options though. Also, there's a walkway to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay if you don't feel like taking the Tram (it's also a good way to get onto the strip and avoid those extra 10 minutes of heat walking outside).The only downside is how far down the Strip Luxor is...cabs are sooo not cheap. I'll do a review of LAX separately.
2	Probably deserves three stars, but we weren't impressed at all.To be perfectly honest, this isn't a very exciting hotel of all the choices in Vegas. We were looking for a less expensive place to stay, hang out, gamble, so we could spend bigger dollars on dining and entertainment elsewhere. The rooms were decent (Tower Rooms) We loved the oversized shower, but the adjacent spa tub was a little on the small side. The bed was awful!!!! We were on vacation, looking forward to getting plenty of rest and relaxation. Instead we had sore bodies and restless nights. I do not recommend staying here until Luxor upgrades the matresses to pillowtops to say the least. Also, the pillows were flatter than any I've ever slept on! Using two seemed to just make it worse. The pool was nice, never really crowded. Actually I think we got more sleep outside at the pool, than in our room. The walkway through Mandalay Place to Mandalay Bay was a real treat considering we spent more time at M.B. than we did at Luxor. Now thats a resort. Also the pool entrance was a little far from the Tower elevators.  I did pass CarrotTop one night on my way back from the parking garage however :)
3	the luxor is just getting alittle to old for me. Dont get me wrong i love the online deals they send me..very cheap rates. LAX was okay. I would go back to the luxor. o ya i did enjoy the chris angel show.
3	Luxor is supposed to be one of the hottest hotels on the strip but it kind of fell flat for me. I think it's cool that it's a pyramid and the inside is nice but hot... don't really see it. I know Criss Angel, a show called Fantasy (half naked women shaking it), and Carrot Top (dude kind of creeps me out) are performing there but does that make it hot??? Though it does have the strongest beam of light on this planet (make you wonder, where do you think aliens will go to first). It was cool to see but stay there, probably not.
3	Luxor is A-OK. It's in a nice spot on the strip - next to Mandalay Bay and near the NYNY and MGM Grand. The concept is cool, Egyptian themed with pyramids, hyroglyphics and king tut decor. The "inclinator" that takes you up to your room is kinda strange. The rooms have a slanted wall that is all glass - it is the facing of the strips view of the pyramid. The restaurants are average to below average. Clubs are hit or miss. This was a pretty cool place 10-15 years ago, but is in serious need of a facelift already.
3	Egyptian pyramid shaped hotel towards the end of the strip.  The outside appearance definitely outshines the interior.  Very dark rooms, kind of out dated compared to some of the luxury hotels on the strip. The one bedroom suites are the best for large groups.  The rates are usually on the lower end.  You can usually find good specials to stay here.
4	Stayed Mon thru Thur so I got a great price $65.00 a night plus a $25.00 food credit (can't use at the food court). Room was cool in a funky way, big bed, clean. It was roomy and had a nice bathroom. I agree with alot of other people they are dark. I was on the 10th floor and the floors are looooooong it was a good way to our room. The elevators can be really slow also. Over all I think we got a good deal on a good room. We would stay again.
2	I have never stayed at Luxor before until this past weekend. It was a very different experience. First off we waited for our hotel check in for about an hour, after that we got charged 12 percent for tax and this extra service charge which says we get a newspaper for and usage of the pool and two small tiny water bottles per day for I think it was $10.95 or $11.95. Also you can't use all the elevators they won't go to your floor but they will tell you this all later. The wallpaper needs some upgrades for sure ! Also our room was soo screwed up first our alarm clock wasn't working, so we had to call them to get a new one. Than our blow dryer in the room wasn't working. They switched it out and put in a new one after a few hours. After that our shower was clogged and water would not go down ! This was all on our first day :( Pretty sad and depressing. Everything did get fixed but it did take time. Everything just seemed old and broken for some reason. I don't really want to hate this place just because it's shaped a pyramid ! :D Which is soo cool and awesome. For 3 nights I paid $500.00, I don't think it was really worth it.
3	Decent hotel/casino right at the beginning of the strip. Rooms were nice sized and fairly inexpensive during the week.I'd recommend the tower rooms, as they're supposed to have more room than the pyramid room. Nice accessibility to the airport, too.
2	First is the ever interesting "disneyland ride" line...no less than 15 stations that are unfilled for checking guests in. Next is the smell reminiscent of a motel 6 once you get to the room level and the follow up smell of mold in the room itself.A few years back I stayed in one of the large tower suites and it was quite nice and I expected the same in the spa suite room...which was definitely not the case. There was mold in the shower, a very noisy bathroom fan, gaping space between the carpet and the tile near the jacuzzi with sharp edges exposed.Sal, from in room dining was great as was the food!The nightlife in the Luxor was fair though I didn't get a chance to experience Cathouse (the food smelled GREAT). Patron platinum was on the menu for 40. per shot. T&T was a decent eatery as was the Pyramid cafe which had reasonable prices.The biggest thing for me was that it just seems that the ownership doesn't really care about keeping the place up and for that it will be a long time before I stay there again
2	ok, first trip to vegas; excited to see what it had to offer. you always read about fancy hotels blah blah and blah. so we ended up staying at Luxor. looks cool from outside, black shiny glasses pyramid shaped, pretty nice eh....well, if it was a musueam to just watch and take pictures i would say HELL yea....but once you go in our depression started to kick in....nothing fancy inside; funny thing the hotel staff upgraded us to a deluxe room and it was even crappier....lol except for the shower head. i would only go to that hotel to take shower haha
2	We got a deal on a room at the Luxor and were doing a quickie weekend Vegas trip, so we decided to go with it. We both had stayed at the Luxor years ago and had a good experience. In my opinion, the Luxor has gone down hill. I will start with its two good points - the location on the strip (being connected to Mandalay and Excalibur and near MGM) and its variety of food choices on site including fast food on its Atrium level - both good points. This is where the good ends for the Luxor however! It is a particularly dark hotel and I am guessing they keep it dark to hide the fact that it is worn down and poorly kept. We stayed in a Pyramid Deluxe room facing the pool (which even 12 floors up the music was insanely loud). We started out in a 2nd floor room 10 feet from the taxi stand (seriously) with no working AC. It blew warm air - it was 107 when we checked in outside and about that inside. They did not seem to care, but we did ask for another room and were moved to the 12th floor. The AC blew coolish air (not cold) and the room was just worn down. The beds sagged. The TV was about 15 years old. The chairs looked worn and dirty. When you took a shower the drain backed up. Not to mention the key cards worked only about 1/2 the time. I could go on, but why - it was BAD - even for a deal. Avoid it. There are better deals on the strip. The Luxor is not one of them.
3	Yup 3 stars. Luxor, I thought would be more impressive, but sadly it wasn't. Stayed here for a few nights and nothing special. Nothing stood out. This hotel/resort has alot to offer however... once you leave the room. Club LAX (very sexy club BTW). Tacos & Tequila - great Mexican joint. Shops and other misc souvenir stores. What stood out to me was their staff. Very friendly and knowledgeable. If you stay here... try avoiding being talked into purchasing a time share and ya. Serious waste of time. And don't go see the Chris Angel "beLIEve" show. Waste of $$$$. But booze instead. Overall: it was a pleasant stay but nothing too special. OH and they close the pool when it rains. I guess they don't want anyone to get wet. Wtf. That was seriously disappointing.
3	5 crazy gals...loose as canons. Weekend in Las Vegas...troubleThe pyramid shape is grand in itself and once you step inside, the colors of gold are splashed everywhere plus you'll see a couple familiar egyptian statues, sculptures around the area. It definitely brings out the "adult playground promise" of Las Vegas After a 10 year hiatus from this place, I still found the hotel to be an "ok" weekend stay if you go with a large group (ie. Birthdays, bachelorette/bachelor parties and family short weekend getaways). Not the quaint, romantic hotel rooms for couples.However, it's not so convenient with shops & restaurants compared to the newer hotels like Wynn or Venetian but it does have a cool swimming pool where lounge chairs are often available and the nightclubs, LAX & Cathouse are the other popular places for nightlifeOn another note, we got lost finding our hotel room because the concierge told us to take elevator 3 and it was supposed to be elevator 3G. So for 30 minutes, it was hell finding the elevator and room... not cool when you carry half of your closet from back home
3	I guess if you're on a budget, it might be an OK hotel to go.The good: great pool. Lots of interesting Europeans soaking in the Nevada sun at the pool.The bad: Small rooms, elevator shook like it was about to fall off anytime, and the 1st floor was a labyrinth--pool was nearly impossible to find, and no staff member was willing to walk us there.At the end, you get what you pay for.
2	Stayed at the Luxor on our last day in Vegas. After staying in The Hotel at Mandalay Bay we were forced to stay in Vegas an extra day so we just walked over and bokked a room at the Luxor.When one first walks it is pretty cool to see the the hotel was constructed. Egyptian theme, hotel shaped like a pyramid. Very cool! Problem is that it all goes down hill from here. After checking in we were sent to our room which was in the new towers  which felt like a mile away from the check in desk.  Once in the room I was let down. Terrible bed, and the room was pretty basic  and badly decorated overall. We woke up to the sounds of constuction at 10 am. The constant drilling forced us to leave our room.  The service was terrible. Every employee seemed unhappy. I visited the business center as I had a to work for a couple of hours and cleary heard four employees openly complaing about there job and how badly staff is treated. Unhappy employees, bad service, so-so casino and an average dumpy room doesnt motivate me to ever want to come back.The only thing I would recomend at the Luxor is their brunch buffet.
4	Luxor is a winner.  From the cool rooms in the pyramid with sloped ceilings, to the pools that offer (surprise surprise) COLD water, to the restaurant choices and the layout of the casino---my stay here was positive.
2	Ok my friends stayed here while we stayed raw at the Imperial palace, but I spent a lot of time here.   Casino was ok, with decent tables but relatively high minimums.  Some dealers were really mean, and it seemed I got IDed at every table.  The pool area is nice.Went to LAX, and it was ok.  Basically a DJ playing all mashup music, but too mashed up and too random.  Friend almost got thrown out for dropping a drink on the floor.   The club tries to look all exclusive with velvet ropes, and long line, but it is really not, you can just walk through the bridge from mandalay and get free passes in even if you are a group of guys.  A girl with us got on the "guest list" and we all got in that way too.  Anyhow, the door here is not tough.  Drinks are roughly $10 in the club.  Not a bad place.The rooms were not very impressive.  They paid 5x as much as us, and their room was hot and rank, while ours was frosty cold.  the beds sucked too.
2	The pyramid structure is pretty awesome, but the hotel itself is lackluster. I stayed in the East Tower, and it was pretty clear that they don't expect their guests to stay in their rooms...and they may be right. This isn't really a family-oriented hotel. The adjacent Mandalay Bay is much better for that. My family felt slightly out-of-place among young couples and party-ers. Then again, Vegas is for that crowd. The room we stayed in did not have a fridge and the lighting was terrible. The mattresses seemed to slope slightly, which did a number on my shoulders. I didn't stay in the room for that long, but I was expecting more amenities for the price. If you're bringing kids, STAY AWAY.Also there are lots and lots of huge Carrot Top posters...reason enough to look somewhere else...
3	My gf and I got a decent deal on a 4-night stay here (~$70/night), and while we weren't impressed, we weren't disappointed either. The $10.95/day additional service charge irked us, cause they never tell you about it beforehand. The room was decent; a bit dark, but was large and did the job. Bathroom was adequate, large shower was a plus, although our shower backed up our second day there. We asked for it to be fixed, only to have it back up even worse the next day. After the second fix, no more problems. We're not incredibly picky and didn't spend a lot of time in the room so that's probably why we were willing to let some of the minor annoyances slide. The Bodies exhibit is pretty awesome; my gf is a medical professional and was thrilled. Tix are a bit pricey, but you can easily spend 2-3 hours in the exhibit. Not a bad way to spend an afternoon if you don't want to gamble. As everyone else has said, the design of the hotel is definitely unique and quite a sight to behold when you first walk in. Since I'm a huge gearhead I spent the better part of the first day trying to figure out how the damn inclinators/elevators work. Pretty cool. The More buffet was mediocre; breakfast and lunch at the Pyramid Cafe were surprisingly good and reasonably priced. Location on the strip could be better, especially if you plan on walking everywhere. We'll probably stay somewhere further up the strip next time; but for what it was, we had a decent stay and felt like we got our money's worth.
2	Stayed here for a night but was unimpressed, especially after receiving a "resort fee" which Francine also noted in her review.  The room was small and overpriced.  The next night I stayed at the NY NY hotel which was, surprisingly, bigger and better.  They too had a resort fee, but it was only 3 dollars compared to the 12 dollars per night at the Luxor.  I'm staying at the Hard Rock or NYNY next time.  The Luxor wasn't all the impressive for the price so I fail to see the reason for the steep fee.  It was decent and nothing more.  This fee is also added after you check out, so beware!
3	The hotel is pretty cool...not bad.  It's a more economical hotel and you're still on the strip!  The people in this hotel aren't as chic as the other newer hotels, but the theme is so fun and you can take great pictures here.
4	The hotel there is great!. We did not stay here but traveled through it a lot on our way to Mandalay Bay. The LAX Club was pretty cool and the hotel atmosphere was good.
1	Compared to most hotels on The Strip this hotel is filth. Bedspreads, TVs from the 90's, no minibars, no mini-refrigerators, etc. One would be much better off paying for a cheaper room at a lesser known establishment and NOT paying for the name "Luxor". Personal experience: I booked a 'Deluxe King Pyramid Room' three months in advance and checked in on time. I was given a double queen in one of the "towers" which was okay since I didn't check in until 9pm and half expected this level of treatment from one of the lesser respected establishments on the Las Vegas Blvd. strip. BOTTOM LINE: I would highly recommend splurging and staying at the Wynn, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, etc. or saving the extra twenty dollars and staying at a "no name" establishment. I've been treated better at HoJos in the middle of nowhere. Seriously. DON'T STAY HERE. They don't need your business and they treat you as such.
4	didnt stay there, but checked it out.. its pretty damn amazing!!!
2	I came here for a bachelors party about a month ago. The inside of the hotel is interesting but not anything special. We stayed in the newer tower portion of the hotel, and it still felt like it was built 15 years ago. The price wasn't bad for the weekend, but the rooms (including the suite) felt like a holiday inn. Luxor also doesn't really have a lot of options for restaurants, the pool was junky, and the buffet was overpriced and generic. Overall though you have to take it for what it is. There is so much to do in vegas that your probably not going to sleep much anyways. So a having a cheaper room that you only spend a few hours in to crash isn't really a big deal.
2	More like two and a half stars... This hotel is in need of updating! The rooms are tired and old. We stayed in the towers which is the "newer" part and everything felt like it was from 1990. They have to step it up especially with all the new boutique hotels on the strip that offer much better rooms for just a bit more money. The pool at the Luxor is OK. We rented a cabana which I think is the only way I could spend the day there. Our server was fantastic. The rest of the pool is just ok -- the lounge chairs looked so old and worn. Not many choices for food but we loved the restaurant T&T [Tacos and Tequila]. Good, fresh food and not too expensive. The walkway to Mandalay is also a big plus.
3	If Fry's were a hotel, it would look like the Luxor.  As a Vegas hotel with an Egyptian theme, I was disappointed that the interior wasn't as grand and ornate as expected.  Despite the cool and sleek exterior of a black pyramid, this is no Cave of Wonders.  The building facilities look old and the Tower Deluxe room had an unimpressive look of a joe-schmoe hotel or inn - drab bedding and linens, dim lighting.  The hotel does offer a few cool nightclubs, including Cathouse and LAX.  We bought tickets to see the Criss Angel Believe show, which housed a new decked out theatre.  Part of the promotion included a comp'ed room with the purchase of two tickets, which was a sweet deal.  Although the hotel wasn't as updated and chic as I would prefer for a Vegas stay, I can't complain about being on the strip for a free night's stay!
2	I would actually give Luxor 2 1/2 stars...We arrived on a Thursday night, everything check in on quick and easy...We were also given VIP bands for Cathouse with free champagne for girls until midnight; at Cathouse, Mr Creep Carrot Top himself was there and staring at my chest in the pictures-which actually achieved our goal of finding the biggest D-bag in Vegas. Friday we attended the AVP tourney at Mandalay extremely hungover, 2 of us decide to go back and nap before heading out later that night. When we get back, my key doesnt work and my ID is locked in the room. I go to registration and they say they cant get me another key without an ID, and would even have security let me in to get my ID. It was a huge hassle to get into the room again, which ultimately I slept in the hallway until someone else in our room got back...and surprisingly, the hallway floor was much more comfortable than the beds. The beds were like sleeping on concrete...I woke up with a sore body and random bruises, and since I dont remember falling so I have decided they are bed sores. Unless free, I would not stay at the Luxor again.
2	I have got to say that my fiance and I were very disappointed with the Luxor hotel. It has such a unique exterior and cool theme. We couldn't wait to stay here. My fiance and I came to Vegas to celebrate my 21st Birthday. We couldn't wait, we had it all planned out and knew what we wanted to see and do!. Criss Angel was top on my list "Mind freak" We saw him the night we arrived in Vegas. Sadly he was the biggest disappointment ever. I couldn't believe how his show just wasn't him at all. The big problem was, that it had too much filler not enough magic, there was a total of 5 or 6 tricks and left you thinking in between tricks. (to spaced out) We also had a chance to see Crazy Horse which was ok Boobs and Butt no biggie lol. We had a good time playing blackjack and enjoyed our romantic evening in are badly lit room. ( btw it could of been decorated a bit more)The dealer who was at the table we chose to sit at for my first gambling table was so sweet and understanding about how this was my first table and i was nevus lol. Davey and I won $100.00 We stopped after that lol. We also celebrated my first legal drink in -5 degree temperature at the Minus5 bar which is located at the mall attached to the Luxor, Loved it!! [IMG]http://i279.photobucket.com/albums/kk153/poizonmotherfuckingivy/M5LV909233384651.jpg[/IMG] Oh almost forgot. I could of done without the annoying employees that bugged my fiance and I about vouchers every five minutes,. But Besides that had a good time and the other employees were very nice and sweet. =]
3	You wanna see piramids, fly to Egypt!!!I don't get all of the complainers out there! YOU GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR!It is clearly a 3 star hotel, it is clearly not one of the newer ones on the strip! You don't need to be a genius for that!If you go for a romantic gateway you're a dumb ass for staying in this place to begin with! Save more money & If you already chose Vegas for anything romantic then stay in the Wynn, Venetian or Billagio.It's like dining at hometown buffet and expecting a 5 star service. Luxor is nothing special but nothing bad neither, it is tacky, dark, stuffy & smoky.It is good for young guys on a budget, young groups who needs a place to crush in between gambling, drinking, smoking, ****ing and what not.A while back me and 4 of my friends drove to Vegas from LA without any reservation, stopped by at the first place we saw, Luxor, got a NICE room for $45 a night. Got all 5 people in it. Each person paid $9 a night! Suite had 2 rooms in it, plenty of space & a jacuzzi in the living room.Pool was nice!We really enjoyed our stay in this hotel in between the partying...  I don't know if those deals are still available but it was worth it.Although I would not bring my partner for a romantic stay over there.Bottom line: Stay if you got a good deal, ignore it if it's run down or if service is not the best. You get what you pay for, take advantage & enjoy Vegas!Yalla Bye!
1	WOW!!! God awful horrible!!! I was looking forward to my Vegas trip, hoping it would be the vacation I needed. Instead, I was totally pissed of during my week in Vegas mainly b/c of the Luxor hotel. I chose the Luxor b/c the room photos looked nice on their website...of course. When I got into my room, the first thing I noticed was that the bed sagged. The bedding looked like it had been on the bed since the 90s. The furniture was very worn (I didn't sit on it). The lighting was awful...too dark (like vampires were staying there). And then the bathroom...MOLD all over the ceiling and shower wall. Rust on the bathroom door. My room smelled like smoke, I couldn't sleep in the bed, my neck hurted...kept waking up. I wanted to relax on my vacation, but unfortunately my room was not an inviting space. I will never stay at the Luxor again. The casino area is nice (of course), but as soon as you step into the elevator to go up to the rooms...that's how they get you. There should not be cracks in the walls...The Luxor is a rundown DUMP!!!They reduced my bill after I complained about the hell-hold dump I stayed in. DO NOT STAY AT THE LUXOR!!!!!Oh, and the Criss Angel Show....OMG WTF SMH...I wanted to walk out of it, thank God I got a free ticket, otherwise I would have started booing him. He is a fraud, there's nothing special about him.
3	this not a 5 star hotel but you get what you pay for. for the price you cannot complain. I laugh at the people who pay 45 a night and expect to be treated like a King or Queen. Its a room 4 walls  a shower and a tv in vegas thats what you need. Clean? that they are sure there a few things that need to be updated. but again you get what you paid. you want top of the line gotot he Wynn other than that I dont mind this place
1	Agree with the review that says it is for the 20-30 singles and that it needs a facelift, not a place to plan your family vacation!!  Stay away from the room service unless you are in the aforementioned demographic & are too drunk to care what you eat & how much you pay for it. My kids were too scared to go to this pool! Find a more family friendly hotel like MGM Grand where there are great shows and a lion exhibit & rainforest cafe'. I hear there is an M&Ms store somehwere?? New York New York has a great arcade & is by the MGM Grand, too.  Also, there is a fun tram that stops at the MGM Grand, but it doesn't link to the Luxor, another downer!! I'm sure there are better family experiences in Vegas than the Luxor! We were ill-informed.
1	Ok, this place is a SERIOUS dump.  And I mean DUMP.  Don't for a second think that it's a four star hotel...not even close. I think Motel 6 would have been cleaner.  But let me start from the beginning....I hemmed and hawed for nearly a week online searching for the best place to stay on our honeymoon.  Based on the 4 star status and good reviews I saw online, it sounded like the best place for a suite with a jacuzzi, which was specifically what we were looking for.  I was ready to book a room with MGM or Bellagio, but became convinced after reading good reviews that we'd get more from our money with a Celebrity Suite at Luxor, which sounded really cool and looked amazing from the pictures....so we booked the room. We get there and immediately get accosted by time share people in the lobby, which was really tacky and obnoxious. And they made it sound like they wanted to give us comps and gifts because we were getting married, never mentioning until the very end of the whole schtick that it was a time share thing. I was pissed. Then we check in. We are on the 15th floor in the Celebrity Suite. Get into the elevator and it's my fiance and another lady. Immediately the elevator sounded and felt like it wasn't working right, really rickity and scary. No big deal, I tell myself, it has to go up on an angle. Okay.  Then as it's going toward the 15th floor we hear a big crash sound and it stops abruptly and drops down at least a floor and bounces, getting stuck. It scared the living CRAP out of us. The lady grabs my fiance and screams. We all think we're going to DIE.  The elevator is stuck and we sit there bouncing back and forth with it feeling like it's about to crash any second.  My fiance hits a button and we drop down to 7th floor and the door opens. We get the hell out of that thing fast!  We're all seeing our lives pass before us...I'm thinking we're going to die before we ever have a chance to get married.  My fiance, who is a very tough guy compared to most, said it was the scariest thing he has ever experienced in his life. He thought he would die.So.....after that, we are ready to run from the place but decide just for curiosity sake to check out our room. We go in and WOW, what a shock. It was smaller than the pictures and description made it look and the most dramatic issues were the SMELL and the horrific stains on the carpeting, along with areas of the carpet that were pulled up. Totally disgusting. I mean seriously.....I've stayed at Motel 6 that was cleaner and nicer.  At that point we just laughed and thought we must be on a show like Punk'd or something. It must be some kind of a joke.  We went down to the front desk to tell our story to the manager.  I explain to him about the scary incident on the elevator as our number one issue....his response?  "We haven't had any other complaints".  Oh, okay, then it must be our imagination....  I tell him he needs to have someone check out that elevator as something is WRONG with it and please address it. I could tell he wasn't interested in doing that.Nice.Then I explain my dissatisfaction with the room and all he can say is...."what would you like me to do?".  Um..........  At that point, I told him we just wanted to get the hell out of there and give our money back!  He did so without ANY attempt to fix things or give good customer service.  Unbelievable.  The attitude was almost as if he's hear this so many times he's tired of dealing with it and just immediately refunds people and gets them out.  Which is probably the case.We quickly took a cab over to Bellagio, which is where we should have stayed in the first place, and had a wonderful time there.  It was like going from hell to heaven.
1	WORST hotel experience of my LIFE !!  "Why" nice people of cyberland ask? I am not a diffiicult to please type person - I can do it "up" or I am can be fine in a motel BUT I am a stickler for nice service!! I just think the whole HOTEL needs a staff makeover!  Here is why:1)  Upon check in not so much as a greeting - treated like CATTLE and worse an INCONVENIENCE to the front desk staff.  It was like pulling teeth to ask a question about where to get tickets for Carrot Top - They were just short of rude. Was checked in without so much as a glance.2)  My friend and I were walking around and yes bad girl I am ocassionally have a cigarette - smoking is not everywhere in this hotel!  As I ABRUPTLY found out!  (Although a LOT of people were smoking in the area I was in by the giftshop upstairs). This 350 woman with a BAD dyejob actually YELLED at me to "extinguish" my cigarette - rather than argue I said "sorry about that" and proceeded to put it out.  Well this was not "good enough" for this scary looking SLOB who apparently "worked" at the giftshop.  She then YELLED at me (everyone looked) and shrieked "I said NOW RIGHT NOW !!!" - well I yelled something back and yelled at HER "WHO ARE YOU SPEAKING TO YOU MISERABLE BITCH???" She then raced back into her "store" probably to woof down the rest of a bag of chips or some more "anger" pills.  Again THIS was not necessary - ESPECIALLY since others were smoking as well.  I was three feet off the ground after this!!3)  Starbucks in the lobby - lined up and a red headed kid that was "jacked up" on goodness knows WHAT was making a mockery out of saying (loudly) to every customer "hey hey hey how are YOU today?" and what costs 1.79 in my home city was 4.20 there for the EXACT same thing a joke its funny a nice older gentleman from Minneapolis simply blurts out "I HATE THIS PLACE" I grabbed his arm and said "They won't be seeing ME back HERE ever again!  THIS place treats you like cattle its a disgrace!" he wholeheartedly agreed!4)  The "Spa" is a joke and a rip off! Was greeted (in all fairness) by NICE front desk ladies - went into the back for my half hour massage only to be greeted by a jacked up very HYPER 60 + year old woman (too much overpriced Starbucks in the lobby?  Methamphetamines perhaps?? This woman was jumpy AND hyper!!) who SWORE there was no "available" masseuses - it was 8:00 AM I pointed out to her - she FINALLY begrudgingly said she had one "available" but (horror and shock her) was a MAN!!  I said "I do not care".  Well they did not even have a shower cap for me - she handed me an empty BOX then when I said to her it was empty she looked at me like I was crazy.  She then tells me to get into the hot pool then barks at me to "get out there is no time to shower"  (and I am paying 75 + bucks for THIS?) Well I get the massage and the guy rips me off by EIGHT minutes because I did not "opt" for the "hour for an additional 45 dollars!!" Was I pissed off?  You bet! and of COURSE they all have their flipping hand out  - literally - for that "precious tip".  If I would have looked at the time I would have marched up to that "front desk" for a REFUND! Just disgusted at this point - what are they running there?  Who knows I will NOT be back! The woman was a hyper unprofessional pain in the ASS !!  Save your money !        5)  ahhh last but not least the "hotel bar".  My friends flight got cancelled and she joined me for a drink - well the bartender should be out out to "pasture" as clearly he is too old and his customer service skills have lonGONE!  We sat down at the bar and he (bartender) pulls a single dollar bill out of glass likes its the anecdote for rabies and stashes it behind the bar.  We order our drinks and pay with a 20 dollar bill and he is actually WAITING  to see what I "tip" as he puts my change down and WAITS !!  I simply ignore this asshole and LEAVE the "change" in front of me.  Well he is "watching" the "change"  I have in front of me and never asks us if we'd like another as his beady eyes are on the "money" in front of me the whole time - never mind asking us ladies if we'd like another or even bother to empty our ashtray the whole time we were there.  I have NEVER not "tipped" but I tell you as he was still "looking" at my "change" I scooped up every cent and threw it in my handbag and blurted "you get what you PAY for!!"  I thought his eyes were going to pop out and he was going to lunge at me over the bar!! Lesson learned do NOT drink at the lobby bar!  The old bartender is desperate and greedy who has no concern (or business for that matter) in a "service" job of that magnitude! 6) They do NOT change your sheets either!!! Paying top dollar to stay in this dump and they cannot even do their JOB!7) Some woman down the hall was yelling and screaming at someone late at night - obviously upset at her husband....or maybe it was the same "experience" I had had at this lovely dump!  I sure didn't need to hear THAT!
1	Let's just say after a six night stay...I wont be back...ever. I stayed here when the hotel first opened back in the 90's and it was ok. Now, the place is dated and stale. Corridors and rooms are dumpy. The heat that generated in my room during the day from the direct sunlight beaming on the all glass pyramid was unbearable - and the air conditioning at full blast just barely worked. The colors - paint, carpets, wallpaper - are all the beige/brown colors hotels use to hide dirt. I didn't even want to investigate. If you're bothered by smoke, I thought the air circulation in Luxor was the worst of any hotel or casino I went in during the week. In fact, we ventured over to Mandalay Bay to play in the casing because the air was much fresher. Too many cigar smokers especially at the Aurora bar. There service there sucked, too. Every time my friends and I sat down for a drink, our waitress would serve and then say she was taking her one hour break and they had no substitutes so we had to self serve at the bar. The drinks were costly as well. This place is for the 20-something set that comes in over the weekend from LA or Phoenix that wants cheap rooms. If you want that then I guess the place is for you. I stayed here to save some money based on a past experience (although several years ago). Based on my current experience here I would not go back again.
4	I've stayed here four times and never had a problem here. It's one of the cheapest hotels around the strip. So here are the pros/cons I can think of.Pros1. Line at check-in was very long, but it was only minutes before we were handed our keys.2. Rooms/bathrooms are good. They're not outstanding, but it's better than your usual roach-coach motel.2. Luxor has decent exhibits like the Titanic and Bodies exhibits.3. Restaurants on the bottom floor for those in need of a quick snack while you're hanging in your room4. Nice friendly staff5. Couldn't hear the people next to me.6. Cheap pricesCons:1. You need to go to a certain sliding elevator to go to your room. Makes it annoying when you're on one side of the casino, and you have to walk to the opposite side to take the elevators going to your room. If you take the wrong one, then you'll just have to get off and start all over2. Never get a smoking room.... the smell is horrible even to those who smoke.Overall, I wouldn't mind coming back here
1	4 starts... seriously??  The old hotel, that might have been luxury 30 years ago is no more or less than a dive located on the Vegas strip and looks pretty cool from the outside.  For 1/2 the price I could have had a room at the stratosphere and expect a better room.
2	Low water pressure in the shower. Not enough shelf space in the shower. Poorly spaced towel racks. (Hello, drippy wet towel onto the plugged in hair dryer? No thanks.) Slow drain in the sink went drip drip drip for about half an hour after the water stopped running. Spendy WiFi. The light in the bathroom was too dim to do makeup and too bright/loud (auto-on fan) for middle of the night pee trips. No sheer curtain under the blackout curtain.All of that would have been fine except for The Deal Killer. As soon as you walk in to the place some person pretending to be staff tries to whisk you aside and sell you a time share. What. The. Heck? Why would a place want THAT to be the first impression a new guest has? Also they left THREE pre-recorded voice messages on the land line.That's The Deal Killer for me: bombarding paying customers with advertisements. It was a complete turn-off. I know it's a recession, but it came across as desperate.Other than that it was a typical hotel. The rooms are spacious. The staff are courteous. The inclining elevators are fun. There are three Starbucks. There was an iron and board in the room, bottled water and a paper every day. Very quiet room - good walls or whatever. Blackout curtains worked well too.
4	Surprisingly I've been going to Las Vegas since I was 21 and I've stayed at many different hotels on the strip, but I have never stayed here until now! The first time I ever stepped foot in this hotel is when my girlfriend wanted to check out their elevator in the main building and I'm glad we did because I probably would've never gave this place a try(once again you can't go wrong with free). Pros: Free stay, free food, Starbucks at almost every corner of the hotel(made me feel at home in Seattle), nice weather, bath tub/shower in bathroom, and friendly staff.Cons: Older facility desperately needing a face lift to compete with new hotels, and South of the strip. Overall I would definately stay here if it's free or maybe paying under 100 buck a night should be more than enough
3	Net:  not plush, but comfy.  Honestly people, what do you expect for $70/night?...I've traveled the world and stayed in everything from $450/night at the Tokyo Westin to a Super 8 in buttf_ck Wisconsin.  My room at the Luxor was moderately furnished but it was clean.  I didn't have any problems with the room, room service, the food, and even the Bell Hop when I left my bag with them for the day after checking out.I did not enter any of their exhibits or over-priced bars though.The LAX club seems fine if you've got $ and want some arm candy or a few yacht bunnies.
2	Luxor is beautiful inside and the rooms are Nice. When I checked in the front desk people were so so, customer service could be better. After leaving the front desk area, I walked to my room and it took me 30 minutes just to find it. When I got there Finally, my room was a mess, bed wasnt made, magazines on the floor, and towels laying on the bathroom floor. I called front desk and it took them  20 minutes to send someone up to the room and upgraded me to another room in the newer part of the hotel. The room was much nicer and the elevators were closer to the front desk. But from the front desk to the parking garage is quite a walk. So be ready to wear your walking shoes.Food= Blah, nothing I would reccommend.Shows= Carrot top, titanic, bodies...One thing that I thought was cool is that the hotel elevators goes up at a 37 degree angle, but that is if you stay in the pyramids. Also, The pool is great! I love it at the pool area.Other then that, I will try my stay at another place.
3	After traveling to Las Vegas for many years, I finally decided to make my stay here, using some free comped nights at the Luxor. (3 nights/4 days)From the get-go...Walked into the hotel with a friend and was completely lost where the check-in was. My friends and I stayed in the West Tower, which is hidden in a very far corner from the main hotel lobby area, and the walk there was pretty damn far. After finding the West Tower (VIP) check-in, we waited for a little bit while waiting in the VIP lounge. Registration was simple, but for whatever reason, the check-in rep really had no personality. Got the keys and headed to the room.The RoomThe room was located in the "West Tower." After seeing some pics from TripAdvisor, there didn't seem a huge difference between the Pyramid Tower and the West Tower, with the exception that room wasn't on a slanted side. The furniture was old, the TV was a big tube, not updated with the LCDs, and the wall paint was faded. The room size was decent, nothing extremely huge. There were a few things I found odd in our room though. No coffee maker (would've been nice to have one for the morning), no mini-fridge (don't care if I spend $ on a few drinks), and no safety deposit! What the hell...even if these rooms are comped, the usual rates go for $100~$120 a night and I don't get these things? Crap. I also disliked their "resort fee" which covers a daily newspaper, use of gym, and 2 water bottles. Really? [--], gotta be kiddin' meRestaurant (similar to Hospital cafeteria food)So using my comps this time for the rooms, we received free comps to be used at the buffet. Eww, the selection of breakfast food was horrible. I really don't think I want to get into much, but let's just say that the service in there was more like on-your-own-service. There brunch was also crap too. Go elsewhere, go down to Fremont Street for better, cheaper food.Toward the end (check-out)We checked out 4 days later which wasn't a problem. Did it through the TV. Luckily the valet service was right outside the West Tower side so got a cab pretty fast.Repeat at the Luxor?Possibly. I'd like to be able to stay in the suites for a more spacious room, but perhaps I'll give other hotels a try. We'll just see.
3	Pros: Reasonable prices, relaxing pool area, LAX insideCons: Location, slanted elevators, mediocre buffet/cafe
3	I stayed here on this visit and I'll say the view from the room was amazing but there were several cons.  The casino is stuffy and not overly fun, the food was just o.k. and it is pretty far from the main action of the middle strip.  It was clean and the staff were very friendly.  The biggest plus was that it was cheap-about 100 a night compared the the 240 for New York New York down the road.  I would stay here again, but if another casino I liked had a similar price, I'd probably pass.
2	Stayed here twice now... I can truthfully say there won't be a third. There are better places to stay and play on the strip than Luxor. The Inclinators will make you throw up! Allbeit the rooms were clean. But the casino floor will have you running around in circles trying to get back to your room. And who's tired of the timeshare salespeople lurking in the hallway??!! I'm sick of them!
2	After reading the reviews, i have to agree. This place is amazing.. the Atrium, the decor AMAZING! The rooms? ehhh, not so much. I stayed in the east tower, and it is truly a maze to get the elevator and then to your room. I also stayed in a smoking room.. which was ALL the way in the back, and around the corner. The room was REALLY cold, and even after we adjusted the air, we were still shivering. We are not really picky, but if given a choice we wouldn't stay here again. It is at the end of the strip, and not in a convenient location to all the other attractions.
4	Although it is a little south of where I like to stay on the strip, the Luxor offers a nice, affordable place to stay that isn't completely off the strip, and it also isn't a complete dive like some of the other less expensive hotels on the strip. Don't be confused by the term "less expensive," the Luxor is still a pretty nice hotel/casino. The rooms are clean and relatively roomy, though modestly furnished. It's sort of cool to have a room in the pyramid with the tinted glass wall, but be sure to request a room in the pyramid or you may get a room in a tower. Staff tends to be hit or miss here too. But for the cleanliness, location and overall cost, it tends to be one of the places I flock to when I need a place to stay in Vegas without breaking the bank. A Solid 4 stars.
4	I used their Get To The Point promotion for my room reservation this past weekend and got a sweet deal on a room for 3 nights. It had a pretty good view, and we didn't hear any noise from the rooms next to us, only when people were passing through the hallway. I love using the valet when I'm in Vegas, and Luxor's is pretty darn quick. No need to hand your ticket to the staff anymore, just scan it on a machine and wait a few minutes for your car to arrive. The best thing about this hotel is that it has both a tram and walkways to Mandalay and Excalibur. Choices are always good to have, especially now that the weather's cooling down significantly. I even got a message from the hotel about staying an additional night for somewhere between $50 - $60. Very tempting, but 3 nights was more than enough for me. It's been the 3rd time that I've stayed here, and it's very likely not the last.
4	Overall, this is a very good hotel to stay at during a Las Vegas trip.Compared to some other places, you can find some amazing deals here.  I've stayed three times and never had a bad time.  Staying in the main pyramid is cool since your room wall is set at an angle and makes it a bit different than the typical hotel experience.  The rooms are kept very clean and the toiletries are a good, decent quality.  On my second trip there, I stayed in a suite that included a Jacuzzi in the room, which was very fun.  While this is on one end of the strip and can be a bit inconvenient, it's still a really good choice.The place is huge inside, like most of the casino hotels/resorts, and it's fairly easy to navigate yourself around.I tried out the pool and that was pretty nice - huge main pool and a decent Jacuzzi.While this may not be as glamorous as Wynn or Bellagio, you get great quality at a really good price.  If you stay anytime from Sunday through Thursday, the rates are ridiculously good!
4	A friend booked our room at the Luxor and in general, we really enjoyed our stay.  The non-smoking room was clean and didn't have any cigarette smell in it, which was great.  The staff was nice and helpful, from the little bit we interacted with them.  The elevators were rickety which was a little creepy, but it's because (in the pyramid) they go up slanted.  I agree with previous posters that it's awesome to have slanted windows and to go up high in the pyramid and look down at the crazy slanted view.  Love it!Beds were relatively comfy and warm, the AC unit rattled a little, but we all passed out at night so I don't think it was a problem.  We needed extra towels which were bought up to us relatively quickly after we requested them, which was great.Bathroom was nice and clean, bedroom furnishings were sparse but nice.  Overall, a good hotel for the value and I would definitely stay again.
3	The rooms here are actually not too bad, it is actually kind of cool staying in a pyramid but I had a few problems. First I had a reservation for two rooms, I get there and they told me that I only had one room, turns out they didn't keep both rooms under my name, the other room was under the other persons name. Next they charged a resort fee when we got there, but it turns out the resort fee was taxed which they didn't mention, a tax on a tax really does not make sense. The next thing I did not like was they choose to spam your in room phone with their ads. In three nights staying there we had about 10 voicemails with ads. Plus the pillows really were not that comfortable. I did like the hotel and the rooms, but I did not like these service problems. I would stay here again if I had to but it would not be my first choice.
2	For $100 a night at a discounted rate, I'd have expected much better. Especially given that my family was staying in the Mandalay Bay hotel which is right next door and for LESS a night, they stayed in a far swankier place. Guess age does show on the Strip... The paint was fading, a bulb was gone in the room, electric fixtures had been ripped out in the corridors, the casino floors stank, and then they stuck with me a $24 resort fee on top of the $200 I'd already paid them. Oh, whatever, I am sure it was in the fine print but that's hardly a tiny fractional fee to add to my bill...They were nice about amenities though, and when I mistakenly subscribed to a pay per view movie, they adjusted it when I called them right away... So I guess it wasn't horrible, maybe they just aren't making a lot of money during the recession so they've got to cut corners and gouge you how they can ...
2	Stayed here in the spa suite for three nights. At first glance it looks swanky, but after spending half an hour in the room, you start to notice all these little "quirks":-Sit on the toilet to pee and discover that the toilet paper is 5 FEET AWAY FROM THE TOILET. You have to get off the toilet, dribbling yourself with pee if you want any TP.-A lamp was placed in a dark corner of the room, went to switch it on to discover it is not plugged in. Went to plug it in to discover there is no wall socket anywhere remotely close. The only other available plug was on the other side of the wall. And there was one in the bathroom. Thought about calling downstairs and asking for an electrician to be sent up.-Hot tub in room sounds better than it really is.  Just makes for a humid room.-Lampshades were all crooked and in one case, not even attached, which I just figure is sloppy housecleaning. Not luxury. But not horrible. If I didn't get a good rate on my room through AmEx, I would have been pissed.
4	Is it cheezy?  Of course, it's a Vegas themed hotel/casino for crissakes!  So what?  it's very unique, lots of fun, and location isn't bad.  This was my second stay in Vegas, ever, my first was just me and my wife without kids in the Paris.  This was with two kids and the wife, we had a blast!  The casino is lively and well done as casinos go, the lobby is wild, unlike other casinos I've seen or hotels I've stayed at.  Why go to Vegas just to stay in a nice Hilton?  I don't gamble, of course, which might skew my perspective.  And I didn't eat in any of the nice looking restaurants, just the Starbucks (outrageous prices, of course) and the little deli.  But Tender, Tequila & Taco, LAX, they all looked pretty swanky, and I'd eat there if it was just me and the wife.  Plus the indoor access between the Luxor, Excalibur and Mandaly Bay hotels and malls was a nice touch.  Finally, it was a nice kiddie diversion to hop the monorail that connects these three casinos too (also free, a plus with the kids and on a budget).  Location may not be the best, it's a bit far from the pulse of Central Strip, but it's not bad.  We walked up one side of the Strip all the way to the Bellagio and back the other, it was long but doable.  If you're doing Vegas, I think the Luxor is a good choice.
2	I stayed here last summer (a little late to write a review, but here goes). When I stayed, they were doing endless construction inside The Luxor--which was really annoying. Hopefully that is completed by now.The rooms are spacious, the bathroom was ok (just a shower). The restaurants weren't anything to write home about. I was there in July, so it was very very hot and I don't think the AC worked all that well. The room was pretty stifling. But maybe that was because the entire hotel is a giant window??I used the spa and got a massage, which was pretty good. Using their spa gets you a free day pass to the gym. That was nice. The pool was pretty great too--except there's not much shade. So be prepared.The tram connection is excellent, and it's nice being close to Mandalay Bay. The Luxor is ok. It was affordable. I supposed I'd stay there again if I had to.
3	this hotel is ok, i went about a month ago with some friends and we had all picked the luxor because we had seen how it looked in a movie, well i guess that movie is now a little old. you think that with all the money a casino makes they can keep the place looking and running great
3	Not the nicest place you can stay in Vegas but you get what you pay for. The rooms are pretty average and for a standard room don't expect the bed to be terribly comfortable. If you want to go split a room with friends and are looking for a place to pass out then you wont notice and this is a good location on the strip. The casino is ok but the sportsbook isn't very big. The poker room does have alot of daily tournaments though.
3	We got one of those time share deals where you go and watch the time share presentation and get 3 days 4 nights stay (free)...so the price was just right *wink wink* The last time I stayed at the Luxor was in 2004 and it was in one of the towers.  This time they put us in the pyramid, I thought it would be cool...it was actually kinda gross.  Since the casino is right below the rooms wreak like smoke.  When we left it was to the point that my lungs were sore, it literally hurt to breathe.  If you are not a smoker I suggest that when you book a room ask to stay in the tower.  Something else that stood out to me was how freaky the inclinator (angled elevators) felt.  Those things feel completely unstable and shake all the way up.  I thought I was going to die every time I went to my room *yikes*The cool thing about actually staying in the pyramid is the view, inside and out...pretty neat.  I enjoyed the restaurants and bars as well as the shows.The slots are tight and I suck at table games, but there was plenty to do and we had lots of fun since our trip was on Halloween weekend.
4	All in all, this was the best hotel I stayed at in Vegas for the price.  We stayed in September.  The price is reasonable as long as you book it at the right time.  There was a very huge check-in line.  It went by very quickly though so we didn't wait long.  The guy at the desk tried to get us to "upgrade" to the tower for a ridiculous extra amount of money but we didn't give in.  They do charge a fee just like everywhere else for stupid things though.  Here it is for a small bottle of water and the paper.  I'm happy we stayed with our pyramid room.  The whole place was awesome looking.  The lobby and everything else was decorated perfectly.  The elevators are weird and travel at a slant.  Our room was also great for the price.  We had a nice view of the pool.  Even if you do not stay at this hotel, it is definitely worth checking out.
2	Rating for Spa Suite:Not too bad of a room - decently sized: a king sized bed, a living space area with a small table, a fridge, a small TV, a mid-sized bathroom with a shower and a jacuzzi tub right next to the bed. The bed itself wasn't too bad - I think I've stayed in places with better beds, but it served its purpose. I did like the pillows. Also, the Luxor was pretty well connected to the rest of the suites through walkways to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay (very good for our Fleur de Lys reservations). I think that was about it for the goods...Unfortunately, there were a lot of things that didn't impress me much:- Old wallpaper - you can totally see where there USED to be paintings hanging on the wall =/- The view - maybe we got an off side, but we didn't get to see much of the strip from our room.- No sofa - with a suite, don't you usually get a sofa?- The fridge - we didn't use it, but it was placed atop a rolling cart. wtf?- The bathroom sink - the cold water handle was broken. If you didn't turn it correctly with enough pressure, you could potentially not shut off the water again.- Towel service - Oddly enough, there were no signs about keeping your towels. In this day and age, to have a huge hotel clean towels every day and not give your guest the option to be a little more green is VERY DISAPPOINTING.- Spamming - Right when we walked into the hotel we were accosted by folks trying to sell us time shares. Granted, they were all over the MGM properties, it's a bit annoying to run into those kinds of people every time we walked in and out of our hotel. Also, they called us at 9:30am to advertise a show. REALLY NOW??? 9:30am SATURDAY MORNING, in VEGAS.... have you no respect?!The room could've used a bit of remodeling, but our stay there overall wasn't too horrible. I think the place is starting to show its age and needs a bit of remodeling, but apparently they're working on it as some of the signage says.Overall, not a bad price for a spa suite, but I think this place has got some catching up to do if they want to stay competitive with the newer hotel casinos out there.
3	If you're looking for an inexpensive stay while in Vegas, look into staying at the Luxor.  Rooms aren't much, but you're also not paying for much.The rooms are standard, but not outdated or ugly.  I will complain about their elevators.  It was difficult to use because guests would need to use their room key to get the elevator to actually start working and you had to be quick enough to press the button right after you swipe... otherwise you will have to wait until it stops and then swipe your card in again.  ALSO, we had problems with swiping our room keys to get into our room.  we needed to do it multiple times before the light changing green. Far from other hotels to walk, so take a taxi.Lines get pretty long.Didn't really stay inside the Luxor much... just stayed to sleep.
3	Stayed for 4 nights in the Pyramid. Did not get a king bed as requested on the first night, and the room on 2nd floor had view of the parking garage wall. Next day, moved room to the 20th floor  for the kind bed, which came with a view of I-15 and the mountains beyond.Overall, have to agree that this place is not posh as it once was. Lots of wear and tear - scuff marks on doors from kicks, wallpaper peeling off at various corners, thin walls between rooms, and stains on windows - to name a few. But, the price is low and if the plan is to spend time outside the hotel room, then it is likely a good deal. BTW, the elevator (incinator) system is quirky in that elevators located in different parts of the building serve different floors. Also, the start and stop of the inclinators give a feeling of instability, which can be lead of a feeling of off-balance.Neighboring Mandalay Bay is much nicer inside and more inviting. So, we did eating and dancing there including nice buffet and good live-music.In summary, the Luxor looks really cool from outside and a distance, but novelty wears off once you are inside and notice the wear and tear. But as a low-price base for on-strip activities, it meets the standard.
2	if someone flag this review i will be very pissed off.i'm not kidding, i didn't watch any horror movie, we weren't drunk, and i'm not that imaginative either. but i'm asian, and yes supernatural exists, go to bali if you don't trust me, and what happened here is still somewhat nothing compared to bali.i got the spa suite a week ago, to be precise, it's room 12860it was our first night in vegas, so when we saw the room, we THOUGHT it was okay, but as soon as we moved to caesar's palace and hard rock, that room was like shit, but still better and cheaper that mgm thoughhere's the problem, believe it or not, this hotel (especially this room) is haunted. laugh if you want, i don't care. i'm writing this review for those of you who are "sensitive" so that you won't be attacked in herethe suite consists of the living room and the bedroom with jacuzzi, i slept in the living room and nothing happened to me (or probably because i slept so deep) but they who sleep in the bedroom were attacked the whole nightmy sister slept next to the jacuzzi and it was dry, we cleaned it out, there were no sound for like hours but around 3am, the water started to pour again and stop and pour again and stop, just like someone is teasing her, then her blanket were pulled down gradually (it just doesn't makes sense at all for a blanket to go down with an interval) she grabbed back the blanket and she felt by herself that someone is pulling down the blanket, as soon as she grabbed the blanket, something grabbed her leg and pulled her down. she struggled and kicked but there were nothing to kick and suddenly every kind of terror disappeared. that's what happened to the bed next to jacuzzifor the next bed that's located far from jacuzzi, there were these twin sisters of my girlfriend's who throughout the night heard the sound of cellphone interference through a speaker. the problem is, we didn't put our cellphone next to the bed, and afaik, there were no speakers at all near them. the final blow here is that one of the twins were physically twisted to the other way around by a certain of force, it's like being rolled forciblylaugh if you want. but hey, different people experience different life. i wasnt born sensitive about this issue but they were born sensitive. so you might not be born sensitive but im sure my review will benefit someone else who's "sensitive"2 stars for cheap rate and decent room (at least for me)
4	I went to Vegas as a surprise trip for my 21st birthday. I really enjoyed staying at the Luxor. The Egyptian theme was really cool in my opinion. The breakfast buffet that they have at one of their restaurants is delicious! I ate there every morning. They only reason I won't stay at the Luxor on my next visit is because I really want to try out the other hotels. For instance, Caesars Palace or the Bellagio. There are so many nice hotels to choose from!
2	Came to this casino since it is attached to the Mandalay Bay. Pretty decent opportunities to gamble with friendly dealers and reasonable table limits. Everything seemed a bit dingy and the random unenthusiastic dancers near the table games was awkward. The free drinks here were really strong and were difficult to drink. One of the few places that actually would refuse drink service to patrons who were not actually gambling (e.g. sitting with someone gambling).
3	The hotel was decent not the best. I've got to say it had some good deals there depending on the time of year you decide to go. The room was pretty good considering the price. Right when I walked in it was clean and the bathroom was bigger than most budget rooms.  The food selection was poor at the Luxor, we always had to go else where for food. To keep it short and sweet, if you're just going to go clubbing and party this place is good. LAX was a blast there. But if you're planning on actually using this room, you could go to a different place for more bang for your buck.
2	I've stayed here a couple times and had 2 totally different experiences. The first time I was upgraded to a larger room for free and the room was good. The second time, however...First they gave us a room on the 1st floor, where we had a great view of the taxi stand. The AC didn't work. We immediately complained (it was August, for God's sake) and were sent to a different room on an upper floor. The AC worked about 1% better. We set it to 60 and 3 days later when we left it was maybe 78 in the room.I think the same dishes were left in the hallway across from us the entire time we were there. Horrible experience, I'd never go there again!
4	I like this side of the strip best, where the Luxor resides. It's where all the action is in Vegas but on the more laid back side. It's a cool Egyptian theme up in there too, if you didn't know, which they do up nice. Oh yeah...the rooms are in my price range without being a La Quinta which is my main draw to be honest. Plus it's on the strip, has in house casinos, restaurants, clubs, etc. Convenience at your finger tips at a good price. I also recommend the cafe here for good quality food that's not a buffet and yet still leaves you with enough cash to play your choice of vice. I've been coming to LV a lot lately cuz of my man Manny who's fought at MGM and Mandalay Bay. Staying at Luxor is an excellent option in this situation since it's all a walk away.
4	Stayed at the Luxor after moving there at about midnight from the gross rooms at the Escalibur next door.  Front desk was great, room was awesome, loved the Egyptian theme all over the place.  We stayed in one of the tower rooms. the view was of the mountains but the quality of the room made up for it.  Loved the MCdonalds and little ceasars in the pyramid.  We gambled in the casino slots.  We were not big spendors at all but even got drinks on the house for my friend and I.  Would definitely stay here again!!
1	Went here for my honeymoon. The air conditioner was making a loud noise when we got to our room at 2:30pm. I called the front desk and asked if we could switch rooms and was told that they would have maintenance come look at the unit. The guy shows up to our room at 10:35pm. He looks at the unit and says that they needed to replace a motor. Said he would come back the next day at 11:00 (Saturday). He never showed up for the rest of our stay. When I checked out (three days later) the clerk at the front desk showed no remorse or apology. Not much good to say about the Luxor. I am sure they were good in their heyday but they really need to get their PR together. The carpet looks old, the elevator felt like it was going to come loose and fall down the shaft. I am DONE with the Luxor and say never again! Thumbs DOWN Luxor #0 on a scale from #1 to #10.
2	This place was nice after they remodled a year or two ago and how it already got so run down eludes me.  A few issues...1. We had a comp room through my gambling at other MGM properties but when we checked in there was a $13 a day resort fee on a comp room!  After enough complaining they took it off but really tacky. 2. The valet parking is always full at night and they have a tiny parking garage. A fundamental of getting people in your establishment: let them park. 3. No late night bars except the lobby bar and food is only the food court. They seriously lag behind other casinos in that area. 4. The room we got seems half remodled. Like they decided not to finish it, very strange and the bed isn't comfortable. One bright spot... While not my game they have blackjack around the new party pit area with couches to sit on while you play. That's kind of nice. Summary: We won't be back.
3	I stayed here recently during CES and AVN. Overall, I was impressed. Check-in was efficient and the woman was polite. We received a tower room with a strip view. In addition, we asked for a non-smoking king and there was no smoke smell in the room. The room was clean and didn't seem old or rundown. The bathroom had one sink and a separate tub and glass-enclosed shower. Some of the things about the room were strange but it wasn't a big deal taking into account the very low price we paid. For example, we only got a single trashcan situated next to the toilet. They use some really cheap brand of toilet paper that is thin and abrasive. We also had an adjoining room with strangers next door and the noise was much louder through the door than I thought it would be. The television was a CRT but we didn't really use it anyway. There was no room safe but the front desk did offer complimentary safe deposit boxes that were located somewhere in the lobby. There was complimentary internet via hard wire that came from the rear of the television. It wasn't really convenient to stretch the long wire across the room but we didn't really use it anyway.   There's lots of advertising at Luxor (flyers in rooms, phone messages, aggressive timeshare people, etc) but it is easy to ignore. I just gave a stern "No, thank you." to the timeshare people and they quickly moved on to the next victim.We used the gym, which was included in the resort fee. The room was long and rectangular with weights on one end, a stretching/ball area on the other and cardio machines in between. They have a little fridge in the gym with complimentary water but didn't offer any spray or washing solution to wipe off the machines after using. The people working at the spa didn't check to see that we were actually staying at the hotel, which I found strange. I chose a machine in between a porn star and a couple of European dudes lifting weights while trying to gain her attention. Best workout ever. The rooms also come with 2 small bottles of water per day. It was a great way to rehydrate after a long night of drinking. Oh and the clientele was very interesting here. It seemed it was a lot of college kids and recent college grads and porn industry folks who were in town for AVN. I like the location a lot but I prefer to hang out in the hotels nearby, not in Luxor itself. Overall, I might consider staying here again but the whole pyramid tomb thing makes me paranoid. The price paid for the room was very good for the quality of the room we received.In the casino, we hit up the craps lesson, which happens everyday at 1pm. I felt that the lesson was very good and, later on, with the help of the dealers, I picked up rather quickly.
3	Who wouldn't like to stay in a pyramid?  I love the design of the hotel.  It's very cool.The room was fairly large and clean. The place needs to be remodel.  It's a bit out dated.  Some of the items in our room needed so TLC.  The hotel offer a tram to connect you to and from Mandalay Bay and Excalibur.  The pool and fitness center were really nice.  The fitness center had towel service and bottles of water.  We had a great deal with flight and hotel to stay here.  So, we really can't complain.
2	I had to cut my stay here short coz they just couldn't get it together. It was a decent hotel/casino but the housekeeping really sucks. They wouldn't empty the trash, left the unused shampoo and shower gel accumulating in the bathroom and there was a foul raw sewage odor coming from the bathroom. After I complained they immediately upgraded me to a nicer room, but once again the housekeeping was off. If I put trash in the bin I don't want to come back later in the day and smell old banana peels or whatever. You think after I complained they'd give the staff a heads up or something. Instead of bitching again and getting another room I just checked out the next morning and stayed with a friend until I found something better.
3	I remember thinking how cool the Luxor looked when it opened in the early 1990's and that it would really be cool to stay here. Well, I think I got over that once my lobotomy kicked in because the place is definitely frayed on the edges now. Now don't get me wrong. I don't think it's at the beer-guzzling, Larry-the-Cable-Guy level of the Excalibur, but it's still no Mandalay Bay. It's in that in-between land of kitsch and klassy, somehow not quite making up its mind what it is. Even though the black pyramid still has that sleek look about it, there are tell-tale signs of trashiness like having Carrot Top as their permanent comedy attraction. The rooms are average with some faux-Egyptian touches thrown in on the bedspreads and the TV cabinet, but for $80 per night, who am I to complain? Well, truth be told, the ice machine was broken and what really blew was the elevator, you should pardon the expression. Because it aligns with the contours of the pyramid, it goes up diagonally, and your stomach does a downshift when it moves. I can well imagine finding yourself on your knees as it jerks upward and not because you're glad to see me. The parking garage is quite a trek probably because they didn't have cars in Cleopatra's time, just barges. Speaking of which, they don't have the Nile River cruise surrounding the casino anymore. I guess the owners must have thought it looked cheesy compared to the canal in the Venetian. Yeah, like having a "Do Not Disturb" door hanger featuring Carrot Top is not cheesy. Having just visited the sleek and antiseptic Aria in the new City Center, I kinda missed the cheese. I say you could do worse than the Luxor.
2	The good - the apperienceThe bad - the beds, the heat inside the casino and the Tequila and Taco shop (if you like mexican food - do not dine here) - just wait till you go back home!The ugly - the dancing girls placed around the casino to be loud and distractingOverall - rooms were clean (enough). outdated and hard beds.  Pyramid Cafe had some good service - I won't stay here again, but not for poor service.  I like the  new and shiny - this is too old and drab for me
2	The Luxor needs a makeover inside. Our room had an old tube TV and everything seemed old. The service was very good and so was our rate. Get rid of the resort fee (2 little bottles of water and a newspaper), $14.The dancing girls around the casino floor was a bit weird but it was nice to look at now and then.Our view from our room was nice.Cheap, close to everything else and the strip, good casino.
1	Overpriced room service and hard as a rock beds. Nuff said.
1	AWFUL.  STAY IN YOUR CAR AND IT WOULD BE BETTER.   worst customer service i have ever encountered in my LIFE!!!  ARE YOU JOKING ME.  I have never complained about to a manager about an employee in my life, but the check out was awful.  Long story short my ipod got ruined cuase of the FLOOD damage in my room.  They were great about reimbursing me, and the security guard (dane or dean?) was AWESOME.  super helpful and friendly and took care of everything.  I ended up getting my money for the ipod which was awesome also they ended up giving me cash that day, but the condescending awful BAD WORD that worked the front desk should get fired, and I have never felt that way before ever.  i won't even mention her name even though I REALLY want to.  But it was terrible, so terrible I had to write this bad of a review.  I wouldn't give them business if they offered me a free room.  never again
2	The Luxor Facade....Great looking building architectural wise...i don't know about the inside though...wasn't to impressed. As soon as I entered to check in the time share crew mobbed me. They took up about 20 minutes of my valuable time. The front desk was not so friendly either...the lady was not interested with making us feel welcome. It was like every time i asked here a question she gave me a puzzled face very awkward...so i told myself whatever not gonna trip and proceeded to my room but then it gets worse....The elevator fiasco....The elevators were well hidden but i got lucky and found the right one. My luck ran out quick though....didn't know I had to use my room card to work the elevator. The front desk should give you a heads up on that one. I ended up going in and out of the elevator 2 times trying to get to my room. The 3rd time was a charm got back in the elevator and the power went out...we were trapped in pitch black for 5 minutes. We had to get into another elevator again....fighting the elevator was one thing but it gets worse again....The Egyptian Stench....So I finally find my room....I open the door and I get a whiff of King Tut's Grandpa. I thought I was in Motel 6....the smell was terrible. The room was so out dated...the bathroom looked better. I stuck my cellphone charger in the outlet and it fell out....the plugs were so old. This hotel needs to hire a good interior decorator seriously. The casino was kinda weak depends on your age I guess....I like loud music playing when I'm gambling....not enough restrooms so they were packed. If Luxor's management is smart they'll make some changes...if not they'll continue to be the armpit of Vegas. They won't be getting my money anytime soon...
3	We booked our stay through hotels.com so we were getting a pretty decent price for our stay.  I was expecting it to be better than what I thought it would be.  I was disappointed because we didn't have a fridge in our room to store our drinks that we bought.  We stayed a total of 3 nights in Vegas and two out of the 3 nights, there was some sort of alarm that was going off for a very long time in the middle of the night which was kind of annoying because it woke me up and I couldn't go back to sleep for awhile.  The bell men and front desk staff had great customer service!!!
2	It's hard to critique the "New" Luxor for the mere fact that I have no idea what it is trying to be now.  For that matter, I don't think they really have figured it out, either.The Luxor has been around since the "theme" casino boom a few decades back, and was at one point a really nice Egyptian themed casino.  Sometime in mid/late 2008, they announced that they were going to chuck the Egyptian theme to make it all hip and trendy for the next generation of clientele.Here it is, at the beginning of 2010, and their "grand remodeling" thus far is underwhelming.  Not that parts of the old casino style still remain scattered here and there, because it does, and you really can't hide the fact that the casino is shaped like a giant pyramid, and is a definable part of the Vegas landscape.The biggest disappointment is that the "new" style doesn't even try to outperform, or even merely substitute for the old look.  At best, the adjectives I could muster are "bland", "generic", "undefined", and "unspecific".  In a city that is designed to one-up each accomplishment with something "bigger and better and more spectacular".  This does the complete opposite.  Unless that was their plan to be so drastically unique that they would go against all conventions and expectations.  In that regard, it has succeeded/failed spectacularly.The real problem is that in trying to make it so hip and trendy to the "bro" and "socialite wannabe" crowds, they are now stuck with the impending issue of when trends will change yet again, and now they are stuck with a bunch of mediocrity instead of what was some extremely well designed architecture and artistic flair.  I'm sure in trying to further "Un-Egypt" themselves, they will no longer refer to the structure as a pyramid, and start calling it a "pointed boobie" in hopes that it will drag in some of the "bro" set.I admire the want to "grow up" and do things differently, but there is a difference between "growing up" and "maturing".  Change some shows and restaurants as needed, but you're stuck in a giant pyramid, the "Luxor" name is a governing city in Egypt, and the locals can't figure out what "Club Triangle" is trying to do anymore.  I don't know why they would work so hard to make their casino look so boring.Bad call, Luxor!  Bad call!FYI: If you want to see the original "Egypt" part these days, the local Natural History Museum actually got a huge donation of the casino's art, so you can see what was there when Luxor had its original exhibit.Two stars for now, which will drop to one once they successfully "un-lame" themselves into their desired level of mediocrity.
3	The room was pretty good.  The casino is pretty nice, but the sports book is small.  It's attached to Mandalay Bay, which has a better sports book, so it's nice to be able to walk between the two without leaving the building.  It's not the best location, but you can still walk to other casinos on the strip (I've gone as far as Caesar's) if you don't mind a hike.  Also has a McDonald's with a dollar menu.  And you can stand at one Starbuck's and see another (go to the one that's not in the lobby if you want to avoid a long line).  I didn't go to any shows, but they have Carrot Top and some female revue thing with Angelica Bridges and some other crap if you're interested.I guess to put it simply, the Luxor is not high-end and is not low-end either.  It's a decent place to stay, and I would go back.
3	For the price, the location, the services, and the experience, the Luxor is a 3 out of 5. The casino is chill and big enough for a night of gambling. The available entertainment is alright, but you're attached to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur, so you're able to roam other casinos (including NewYork NewYork, Mante Carlo, and MGM within walking distance). But the Egyptian theme is out now and the theme of the hotel is kinda lost. The atmosphere is seems somewhat boring compared to a bumping MGM, Planet Hollywood, or Ceasar's. But you get to money and a one night treat, the Luxor is good to experience once or twice, but I wouldn't push it much further than a couple visits.
3	The bathroom was nice. But the room could have been better. I thought Excalibur's room was nicer but it is what it is. It does the trick. It was cheap and not dirty. Plus we got in free at the nightclub LAX cuz we stayed here. So really, not bad.
1	Dumpy hotel.  Room was TINY and the darkest room I've ever been in.  TINY and DARK.  Yeah.  Don't stay here...even if the lobby is amazing.  And plus, you're so far from the center of the strip -- that walking is impossible.  So unless you're going to rent a car, buy a bus pass, or use the monorail (yeah right)...then don't stay here.  In fact, I would rather you stay at the less dumpier Imperial Palace than this place.  The Luxor is THAT bad.
2	We got a nice room deal to stay here for 3 nights in the summer of 2009, and paid to upgrade to a suite.  We were disappointed and underwhelmed.  It was a corner suite, so it was at the edge where 2 sides of the pyramid converged, and the suite seemed huge but filled with useless and wasted space.  A few pieces of mismatched furniture were scattered in the room, but there were vast sections that were empty, and not in a "tasteful and stylish" way, more like a "why the heck is all this space there, it looks lost and scary" way.  The rooms were dark, very dark, and all that extra dark space was depressing and moody.  It didn't smell very pleasant either, more musty and dank rather than fresh and clean.  I suppose if what they wanted was to get us OUT of the room and into the casino, they succeeded, but we didn't gamble in the Luxor hardly at all so they probably didn't succeed in the way they hoped.  The bed was comfortable enough, and the bathroom was large but without sufficient towels.  And what was up with the huge klunky old CRT televisions in the suite??  Are they planning to upgrade to the late 20th century any time soon?  The whole place seems sad and dark and tired, we couldn't wait to leave the Luxor each morning to go somewhere else to gamble.  (And if they think Carrot Top is a draw, they should think again, we made "oh barf" faces every time we caught sight of an ad for his show.)For the price we didn't complain, but we won't be staying at the Luxor again.  Unless it's for free.  :-)
1	Do NOT stay here!!!!!!! So we went the weekend of Feb 4'10 for my husband's 30th bday and my cousin's 21st bday. We stayed here because they had a deal stay 2 nights get the 3rd free. If I would've known what was going to happen we never would've stayed!!!!! We checked in went to dinner and came back late. When we woke up there was a USED CONDOM in the bed!!!!! Needles to say it wasn't ours!!!! WTF! So gross! We called downstairs and were put on hold forever! So we went downstairs which I was dreading because this was so embarrassing and gross and now i would have to say it where people could hear me. The Manager was useless. She was so rude and talked down to me as if it wasn't a big deal! I'd like to see how she would feel after sleeping in a bed like that! Who knows what kind of germs were in that condom! It is Vegas and we all know anything goes. I asked what she was going to do for us and her reply was "Well I am switching you rooms what else could you possibly want?" Long story short they ruined our trip. Their staff is completely useless and who knows what my husband and I were exposed too. I'm definitely considering seeking legal action!!!!  Maybe I should post pictures then maybe they'll respond to my calls and emails!  I was told by the manager not to post them on Facebook and I think that is what I'll do next!
2	It'll do in a pinch.  I was here a few weeks ago for a conference and was happy in the beginning to be staying in a giant pyramid.  I was a little underwhelmed by all the dinge.   Also a little creeped out by "Carrot Top" constantly being portrayed as a sex symbol.   It took me about a day and a half to figure out there was supposed to be an Egyptian theme.    But, hey it's Vegas, and you didn't really come to stay in a room the whole time.   So have to give it some credit for being affordable.   What i didn't like aside from the dinge, was all the nickle and diming on the way out.  A mandatory hotel charge for water and newspapers, which I didn't know we were entitled to, when I say that I didn't utilize those services the person at the front desk pointed to a stack of newspapers...oh well now I understand...that's got to be worth fifteen dollars a day.   All and all - you want to store all your stuff in a dingy room inside a pyramid while you go out and enjoy Mandalay Bay- then this is the place for you.
2	Maybe I set my expectations too high but my stay last night was a huge disappointment. The Luxor is marketed to be one of the better places to stay, but upon checking in and getting to my room at best it seemed very average. Also, room was not clean (found chewing gum stuck on wall and a used band-aid on window ledge, also lots of garbage behind nightstand). Overall the place seems rundown and old. The Casino was not lively at all, restaurant was average with bad service.... Overall a disappointing experience.
2	When I have gone to Vegas in the past I've always liked staying at Luxor. I get pretty good room rates and comps. This last stay (for my 30th birthday) sadly will be the last time. Their rooms are really run down. Granted you're in Vegas how much time are you suppose to spend in your room?? The bathrooms were really gross. I tried to get ready as fast as possible. I was worried some of stains in the shower would start talking to me or move. My husband and I got "VIP seating" next to the pool (whatever that means). The waitress service was excellent but we agreed the next time we pay for upgraded seating next to the pool we are doing it at Mandalay Bay.Luxor instead of just upgrading the casino bars and your nightclub please start to focus on the rooms. I guess you get what you pay for.
3	guys, this isn't the wynn. get over it. For what you pay for, its 100x better than circus circus, stratosphere, sahara combined. its very close to the hub of all the action and its within walking distance to mgm, mandalay, new york, paris etc. yes the rooms were a little dated, yes the hallways are eternally long, yes the beds squeak but all in all its a nice clean place to get your groove on whilst in Vegas baby !
3	Stayed at Luxor twice during February to attend trade shows and was pleasantly surprised each time.  Earlier this month I wound up staying one night and had an easy check-in.  Was upgraded to a suite that was large, clean and comfortable.  Separate sitting room had a couch, club chair and wet bar.  Nice touch.  The view from the East Tower was pretty nice, too.Had breakfast in the 24 hour cafe that was fine and actually better than at other Vegas hotels I've been at.  On my second trip, approximately 10 days later I wound up getting to the hotel very early in the morning and had to check my bag with the bellman.  No real issue there other than there was a bit of a line to do that but no drama.    My room was similar to the one I had during my previous stay only with a better view from the West Tower.  Only real complaint about the room was that it was someone dim due to the flourescent lights which made it hard to read.  TVs should also be updated.Luxor is an easy walk to the Mandalay Bay Convention Center and is certainly an economical alternative to Mandalay.  It's also a nicer environment than at Excalibur.  Went to LAX, the niteclub, one night but was too crowded to stay.  Hotel guests get in free, a nice perk.I'm planning on returning here for my next trip to Vegas.  Price and location really make it an ideal choice.
3	My girlfriend booked a room for Friday and Saturday nights for her girlfriend and her to do some partying, but a falling out between them led to her and I making a frantic dash on Saturday evening to Sin City.  (Side note: We literally saw 5 or more cars pulled over by highway patrol on the way there, be careful if driving from Southern California)  We arrived around 9pm Saturday, and waited in the line for the valet.  A guy came up to greet us, he was very friendly and told us where to move up to, and he quickly shut down a group of guys who tried to drive in front of us.  gg pwned #1.  After valeting the car, we walked into the lobby, this place looked great.  It was like it's own little bustling metropolis.  Now take this for what its worth, as I have not been to Vegas in over 10 years, so please bear with me.  There were people everywhere!  We went to the check in, where there was no line, and were told that our reservation had been cancelled due to the fact that we didn't check in yesterday.  gg pwned #2. The lady at the check-in line told us they might not even have any rooms left, so she would check for us.  (I found that odd, since on the drive there, I saw a huge electronic sign that said : ROOMS AVAILABLE AT LUXOR!)  So after confirming a room was available, we asked for a refund for Friday evening.  The lady asked the manager who approved so we got the refund for Friday which was cool.  Luckily we were not situated in the pyramid part of the hotel, as I heard rooms in that part feel like you are in an attic due to the cut off corners.  If memory serves me right, we were in the East tower, floor 17.  I must say that the decor inside the room was definitely not the greatest, but for 90 dollars a night I didn't think it was sub par.  I've stayed in 60-70 dollar Best Westerns before, and this room was far better.  They really should get  flat screen TVs as the ones they provided look like they came straight out of a Brady Bunch episode.  Beds were comfortable, no squeaking whatsoever.  We really liked the bathroom, nice glass shower and also the anti fog mirror was great!  I browsed the room service menu, they deliver 24/7 and will even bring up bottles of alcohol which I thought was awesome.  (However, ended up taking a taxi to a local liquor store and saved about 50 bucks by buying liquor there)  When we checked out, the bill came out to around 125 or so, not sure how that happened since we didn't order anything from the room.  All in all,  the room served its purpose and I didn't really have any complaints.  Everything was comfortable, and while not overwhelmingly nice, definitely a good place to stay for a night or two while in Vegas.
2	I can only talk about the CASINO here, but from my impression of that I don't know that I'll ever experience the hotel by choice.  (Maybe due to the price or demands from friends who want to see the slanted windows in the main building, but never without significant prodding.)  The casino's fine, but there's an overall worn feeling.  It's also overly dark, feels much smaller than it is, and over the years has seen significantly increasing clutter with the massive additions to the atrium level.  I will say that the hotel gets some amazing exhibits and staff is very friendly.  But for now it'll mostly remain for me a brief stop to see what exhibits are there on my walk to or from Mandalay Bay.
2	I've been to Vegas a lot and experienced many of the top rated Hotel Casinos over the years from The Bellagio, to the Rio, to Paris down to the Wyndham.  Luxor is right near the bottom middle.  How's that for commitment.  The hotel has invested in the places that generate the revenue but not so much on the rooms.  It is convenient to the Mandalay Bay and Excalibur but who cares.  The price was right but I would try Paris next time.
2	Seriously? This place was a huge let down. I can not see myself going here again. My room had mold, stains, HOLES IN THE WALL, and smelled terrible. Mystery hotel room smell is NOT something I want in vegas!It does tend to have some awesome deals on rooms though. So for a strip hotel its somewhat fair priced, and its got decent shops.
2	Las Vegas is not a destination place for me, but when I do pass through, I want to have a pleasant experience. I selected the Luxor for practical reasons. First, it is only a few short minutes from the airport, so no long, slow drive down the strip is necessary to get there. Second, the rates were mid-range and I concluded I would not be stuck in a dive, hoping for a modest level of quality.The reality: A few surprises. I will give the Luxor high marks for its all-day buffet. I was part of a large group of family members and we literally stuffed ourselves on very respectable food from breakfast to dinner. If you purchase an "all day buffet" plan, you can come in from  7 a.m.-10:00 p.m. and eat all you can desire of fresh, pleasant, non-cheap tasting fare. Let's face it: There are a wide array of scary buffets of questionable content in LV, but the Luxor is not one of them. They're providing basic, good food ($30 per person for all-day buffet).There were five adult men in my group and they were in heaven. The waiter became our friend (we tipped generously) and brought us refills of drinks until we left. A new friend was made :) He's vacationing in San Diego next month.My room was clean, if not memorable, and the sheets, most importantly, were fresh (Las Vegas is infamous for NOT changing sheets after each guest in many of even the larger, nicer hotels). It was appalling, however, that no papers are delivered to rooms (you get a paper with your room, but you have to go get it somewhere in the hotel), and there is no way to heat water for a cup of herbal tea in the evening or coffee (for those of you who drink it. I do not). I felt the bathroom was not as immaculate as I would like it, but again, I was thankful for clean sheets. My son's room, it should be noted, had a very worn out-looking bed (sunken in the middle and seemingly dead springs)--an embarrassment  for the hotel. His room was in the pyramid, which meant to get to it you take a ride on a diagonal elevator. When you get off, you feel a bit tipsy, which is funny to some and to others a scene right out of Mel Brook's film classic, "High Anxiety." On the positive side, I like the convenience of valet service in front of the hotel. You only need to tip the valet as there is no charge for hotel guests. So, given this, I wonder why people take the two mile hike to the back parking lot to park their cars? Last comment: Some hotels have engineered cleaner air in their casinos; I think the Luxor has it only partially figured out. By the end of my stay, my clothes smelled like a bar and I had a whopping headache. For the smoke-sensitive, this hotel isn't your choice. I would suggest Caesar's Palace for a better breathing experience!
2	I didn't really go into Luxor with high expectations. I had heard it's glory years were over quick since it really is a gimmick hotel. But I got in cheap as a part of a a package deal. Strangely I was placed on the 13th floor (didn't think hotels had them...) but my luck held. I give this 2 stars for a few primary reasons: room amenities - mattress was weak, accouterments outdated, standing shower only which leaked, no flat screen TV (i know, who watches TV in Vegas..), the pyramid acts as an inverted funnel diverting smoke into the smoke free rooms. On the plus side, room was very clean, 3 Starbucks in the pyramid. Seriously. Late night food available. So if all you need is a clean, cheaper place to stay then this fits the bill. If you want nicer accommodations look elsewhere.
4	Yes they need to update the rooms (old style TVs, some leaky faucets, etc), but otherwise this place rocks.  Nice food court with tasty quick and cheap options.  24 hour diner also comes in handy.  LAX and Cathouse for the clubbers, with free entrance for hotel guests.  I was shocked when I stayed at Wynn and still had to pay $60 to get into Tryst.  Large sports betting area.  Could use a few more open blackjack tables.  Easy walk to Mandalay Bay, NY NY, MGM.  Titanic artifact exhibit exceeded my expectations.  Liquidity is a cool bar with waterfalls where you can get bottle service on the couches for under $200 (if you're a Vegas regular, you know how impossible that is to find).  Pool area is nice as well.  Large, lots of cabanas available for free, regular DJ music.  You'll never need to leave the building.  Oh yeah, and the price is definitely right too!
4	The hotel itself is brilliantly designed. The pool there is very nice. And it's worth the price. I mean, it is far superior than any other "sub-par" hotels in the Strip (like Circus Circus, Sahara, etc.) The whole hotel is a bit gloomy and dark, and the rooms were fine (but then again, I went here in 2004). A nice room if you want a quick, cheap stay.
1	I know the Luxor has great discount deals, but there's a reason they offer their rooms so cheap -- it's because they're losing their customers to other hotels who give a sh*t. My BF and I checked in and lugged our bags to our room -- and after a 6-hour drive -- we just wanted to take a quick nap. Well, it's hard to do that when once you walk into your room it looks like someone had just gotten out of bed. That's right, they gave us a room that hadn't been cleaned or anything, and had the old sheets still on the bed.So, we make the trek back to check-in and ask for the manager. She was less than helpful, and even tried to convince us that WE were the ones who left the bed a mess. WTF?! She then tells us that they're all booked and there's only one room left, but it's in a loud area. We tell her to just get the room cleaned, she says okay she'll have it done right away. We ask - Where do we wait? She said - You could wait in the room. We just said - No, we didn't want to watch the cleaning crew make the bed and stuff, so we'd kill 20 min in our friend's room.30 min later, the room looks exactly the same. We talk to the manager again and she tried (second attempt) to try to convince us that maybe the room isn't a mess and are we sure we saw the bed unmade. So frustrating. After, what seemed to be another 30 min, she somehow found another room for us. There are other hotels. Never again at the Luxor.
1	This place is a shithole.. I will never go back... service was rude...the rooms are nothing special and try to find your way back to your room at 6:00am.. impossible !!! The layout of the hotel is very confusing and the staff not helpful at all....
1	I would give it zero stars if I could. They have great deals on hotel rooms. But their service and the attitude of the staff is awful. I often complain about service, my yelp reviews are testament to that. I have this notion that if somebody is laying claim to my hard earned money then they have to act like they deserve it. I worked hard for this money, you don't have an automatic claim to it.Things went wrong at the Luxor as soon as we checked in and went to the room. First of all, we had asked for a room with one king bed, not two queens, second, the room smelled strongly, very strongly of Chlorine. It felt like the room had been a Chemistry lab until just then. So I call to complain about both things. Turns out that when you ask and they reserve a room with 1 king bed that means nothing. Cue the Seinfeld bit about them knowing how to take a reservation but not how to keep it. And it is the keeping part that makes it a reservation. We told you, right on the website that we can't guarantee the bed type, she said. I remembered looking at the website carefully when I made the reservation, it said no such thing. I went back and checked after, it still said no such thing. So..pants on fire! Then about the chlorine thing, she agreed to change my room. Only to change my room I need to head back downstairs to the reception and collect my new key. Now what you need to know about the Luxor is that it is shaped like a Pyramid, each side of the pyramid is about a city block long. So when your room is at the opposite end from reception, you basically have to walk approximately 1.5 city blocks to get to reception. 0.5 block to the elevator and 1 to the reception. If you're lucky, it's only 1 block. Ok, so I walk to the reception, meet the manager and tell him my story. No problem, here's the new keys. Walk back 1.5 blocks to my room. Pick up our luggage and wife and I schlep it all 1 city block to the new room. Yay! the bloody key does not work. What the hell? So walk back 1.5 blocks to the reception. Tell him the new story. His response? "Did you have your cellphone near the keys?" Me: Perhaps.He: Sir that might be the problem. But here I've fixed it, it should work now.I start with how this is a little frustrating. I've just been on a 2 hr flight to get to Vegas and now I've been doing all this walking for a room that isn't even the kind I asked for. He can't do a damn thing about it. Finally he takes $10 off my bill. Thankfully the keys work now.  Now it's late and only an hour left before the show to which we had already booked tickets, and I'm hungry after all this walking. We head downstairs to the Pyramid Cafe for a quick bite. What a disaster area? The food there merits a whole other review. Let's just say, my wife might as well have been served a large bowl of salt.2 days later, we're heading back to our room, and guess what, the keys don't work. I head back downstairs. It's the same manager guy, he recognizes me and asks what the problem is. I tell him my keys don't work. He asks, surprise! surprise!, whether I had stored the keys near a cell phone. I lose it. a. Both my key and my wife's aren't working.b. People tend to have cellphones in their pockets and their hand-bags. Hotel keys tend to go in the same places. If a hotel made a key that doesn't work when placed close to a cellphone, perhaps they need to rethink their keying system.c. In any case, stop pretending like it's my fault the keys are not working.The right response would have been to send someone to our room and fix the door lock. Or to offer sympathy. But to start again with this cellphone nonsense? Do they not teach their service personnel basic courtesy? Do they really take their guests for idiots? I mean to say, WTF?Oh also: they charge you a "resort fee" that goes towards newspaper, Internet etc. The Internet access is a joke (no wifi), but we never got a newspaper, nor were we told how to get one. So, liars again.And finally, no way to make a little coffee in your own room in the morning. You have to walk (you guessed it 1.5 city blocks) to the Starbucks near reception, get your coffee and walk back, try that before you've had your morning joe!Just don't stay there ever. Save yourself the trouble. There are much nicer places on the strip.
3	I loved the Egyptian theme, which is very fun and very "Vegas". The guest rooms were a little disapointing, as they did not exactly match the online photographs, but they were clean and comfortable, so in that regard I cannot complain. We did have problems getting the air conditioning to work well, as it was very stuffy in the room and casino. Also, we stayed in a non-smoking room, but i was able to smell smoke through the vents in the bathroom. The staff at the front desk were very friendly, and did make our check-in/out experience very pleasent.  Also, the location was great for walking to all the casinos.  Over all we enjoyed our stay at the Luxor. Considering the good deal we got, it was certainly worth it to be so centrally located on the strip.
2	I was not overly impressed.  We arrived in Las Vegas after midnight and stood in line for what seemed like an eternity to check in.  Finding our room was chaotic, and it was not all that nice - crappy view, it smelled like mildew, no free Wi-Fi, etc.  As far as the hotel goes, we walked to other hotels with more to see and more to do, better food and staff that was friendly but did not harass.  At the Luxor, we were constantly approached, and in some cases, had inappropriate comments made about us being on our honeymoon from Luxor staff wanting us to do excursions.
4	I stayed at Luxor last weekend for one night. I was going to an event at LAX, and it was the cheapest.. as it almost always is (well cheapest decent place).Parking is a little complicated here because it's not connected and the garage is really small. We ended up finding a space on the 2nd level and walked up to the registration and had our keys within 10 minutes. We stayed in the Pyramid which is the original part of the hotel. The elevators go sideways which is creepy (and loads of fun when you are drunk haha). The rooms are old fashioned and egyptian, but VERY clean. I wish they'd get an update like the casino and lobby did. My biggest complaint is the rooms are really dim! We had all 5 lights on and I still didn't have enough light to do my makeup haha. It's just drab being so dark in there. But over all the rooms are good, spacious and clean. Did some gambling here, they have a good spacious casino, not all the newest machines, but it's fine. Also I love that they have a food park. I know that's ghetto but sometimes I just want McDonalds or Starbucks for breakfast not a big fancy $50 breakfast.I'd recommend this hotel, it's always very cheap, check Twitter for deals, you can always stay here for 100 or less. It's also far nicer than Excalibur for the price. It's kinda boring, but the rooms are fine to sleep and it's in a great location with an easy walk to Mandalay Bay.
2	This is one of the older hotels and its okay for the price but i def did not like the location, its at the beginning of the strip pretty far from all the good stuff.  The rooms were not great either it was your typical Holiday Inn room.  I would stay again if i had to but prolly not by my choosing. P.S.- The line to check in here is RIDICULOUSSSS!!! youll be in line for an hour or more no matter wat Day!!
2	This hotel was really only one step up from Imperial Palace... which isn't saying a whole lot. I admit, I was apprehensive from the start as I wasn't the one choosing the hotel. I mean, who really wants to stay in a giant pyramid? But whatever. The pictures of the rooms online were grossly exaggerated. Talk about photo shop!! The bed was painful to sleep in. The door looked like it had been all but kicked in. The bathroom door was pretty beat up too. It looked like there was water damage on the curtains. It also smelled dank and musty when we first walked into the room. The elevator is very strange too (it slopes with the shape of the hotel) which is not so fun after a few cocktails and 6 inch heels. And can we talk about the buffet here?! YUCK. I don't understand why they wouldn't want to be competitive with surrounding hotels offering incredible buffet selections. It was almost inedible. I wouldn't stay here again... Also- the dealers at the tables are SLOW. Snooze-fest.
2	i did not stay here. my ratings arent for the rooms/service.we stayed at mandalay & i noticed on the drive there the cutedecor outside. an egyptian theme. one day, the bf & i wentto luxor through mandalay & i was shocked. it wasnt cute insideat all. it was a plain cheesy casino. i mean, rio isnt all that niceeither but atleast they decorated the casino area. i mean, it wasjust so plain. i was disappointed. the dealers were all in sucha bad mood except one. so ofcourse we sat at his table. he wasthe one that even carried conversation here. i feel like an asscause i cant even remeber his name but hes an slightly older tall gentleman, thick mustache, & glasses. again, im sorry i dontremember his name but we tipped him good for the 15 minutesof play we did. we was even helping us out by telling us what hewould do & the chances of winning that hand. hes the only reasonwhy i give any stars at all. ps. beware of the timeshare people!dont get reeled in with their incentives! HAHA. they're pushy! boo.
4	Poor Luxor!!!! I booked this hotel because my husband usually stays at Hooters but I wasn't going to take my 3 year old and mother to stay there. The price was great and I know that I had heard of the hotel, and I didn't shudder with any of the descriptions I had heard so I thought we would give it a go! A few days before we left I came on good ole Yelp to see what everyone thought of Luxor and was immediately terrified!    I was dreading staying there after reading all the awful reviews and when we got there I was more than happy with the hotel. It was the 3-11 concert weekend and spring break so there were more than the usual amount of drunk college kids running around, but the hotel staff was still so great. Everyone we dealt with not only met our expectations but surpassed them!    We decided to stay an extra night and the girl at the desk went into her computer to give us a discount we wouldn't have normally gotten. She also went out of her way and ran back and forth between us and the concierge to help us figure out a show we could take our daughter to see, even though she could have very easily told us "thats not my job, go talk to the concierge". The housekeeping staff was great also. My husband was working in the room and told them we didn't need a cleaning (silly man, 2 clean towels will not dry 4 showered people). We called down to the desk and had fresh towels in less than 5 minutes. The hotel was clean, they weren't down comforters or memory foam matresses, but they were clean and in good shape.    I don't know why these people had such bad experiences but we would stay here again in a second. I should also say the other 3 times I have been to Vegas I stayed twice at the Venetian and once at the Palazzo and for about $120 less you really can't beat the Luxor. You won't get the decadence or glamour of those hotels but what do you expect for less than $100 a night?! All in all I definitely reccomend this hotel if you want a great location on the strip for less than others on the strip!
4	Wow..... people no likie the Luxor. Not me tho! I'm a fan of this place. I had a trip scheduled to Vegas for 4 days, staying at Aria. I then decided to go out a day early and didn't want to pay another night of the high Aria price so I pulled up Luxor on their website. I have stayed here a couple times since it was built and always liked it. Price online $58 which included the $14.50 'resort fee'. Killer price. I stayed in the older Pyramid Rooms because I like being at the top of the pyramid. it totally freaks me out! The room was exactly the same as I remembered. Nothing flashy, but it was clean and great for the price. The resort fee included wired internet which worked perfect. (Internet at Aria?? $15.00 per day!) So they have totally changed the vibe at Luxor. No more boat ride or motion rides or anything for the 'family'. This place is now strictly for adults. To me the place has a dark, erotic feel to it. It is very dark in the place, but that just adds to the whole Pyramid eeriness. I was on the 27th floor of the pyramid. It still freaks me out and makes me sick to my stomach to stand against the short little wall and look down to the inside of the pyramid. Definitely nothing like it around! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/AV6weBrZFFBfRGCbcRGO4g?select=9LgYPq7R2P-f15gOG88v4QYes the place is a little worn, but they are slowly bringing it back to life. I'm not a fan of Criss Angel so I wouldn't pay to see his show. It was weird to see all the tattooed look-alikes walking around the place! Definitely a younger, more casual crowd the night I was there. Great music blasting throughout the casino was a nice touch too. When is the last time you heard "Erotica" by Madonna??!! I should probably give Luxor 5 stars just for that!
4	great gimmick, even after all these years.  stayed here twice.  room roomy & clean & nice.  love the element of danger--just a 4' wall keeping you from falling hundreds of feet while walking to yer room .  buffet above average--excellent prime rib station & dig the approx $30 all day buffet.  extremely nice buffet staff.  great gym.  for a reasonable price, i'd stay here anytime.
3	I can see where this place can go wrong. I had a decent experience. The entry level room is nothing to brag about but the pyramid hotel structure is really cool. Im interested in knowing how much theyre going to charge me for the missing hotel room glass. My bro on the other hand had the tampon in the hotel room toilet experience which matches up well with other reviews on yelp. I wont go back but wont badmouth this place either. The pool was real chill, good place for some r&r
2	Were the Pharaohs hairy people?  Why do I ask?  Because the one who was entombed in my hotel room prior to my arrival left two (2) bars of soap in the shower that looked like they had resting tarantula statues on them!  Not only that, but there were pube-like hairs sticking to the wall and mildewy shower curtain in the bathroom.  Thanks Tut.This place has certainly gone downhill.  Or perhaps the flaws remain with the rooms within the pyramid, because about 1 year ago I stayed at a room in the tower and didn't have this experience.  The room was generally very rundown, outdated, dark and dingy.  I would have been more comfortable sleeping in an actual pyramid, curse and all!In any case, as can be determined from my beginning paragraph, room service was nonexistent.  The room had a card that was supposed to tell me who was servicing it.  The card was left blank.  Smart move, employee.  Touche.The bathroom sink made a loud gurgling/dripping sound for about 10-45sec after use.  There was a rust mark on the low-frequency fluorescent light in the bathroom.  Obviously, there had been, or currently is, a water leak on the floor above my room.  Dripping through these yellow-tinged lights that drive a hypnotic headache into your head because you can see them flash like you just set your CRT monitor to a frequency below 60Hz.And speaking of CRTs, that's what you get for a TV.  Looks like maybe a 24-incher.  Maybe smaller.  Actually, it's probably smaller.  And next to this TV is the internet connection.  Because that's the most convenient place for your internet connection right?  This is wired internet access that requires you to pull a cable from behind the TV and sit on one of the beds to use.  They practically expect you to stand while holding your laptop in order to use this service.For this service they charge a "resort fee" that is added on to your room whether you like it or not.  It also allows you access to the pool, two tiny bottles of Luxor-brand water, and a coupon book that you can't use because the restrictions on practically every deal are so inconvenient.  Example:  $10 off at such-and-such restaurant!  (Fine print:  Between the times of 7:61 and 7:99 on Thursundays only) .But wait, there's more!  The elevator in my corner of the pyramid was down so in order to get from my room down to the casino or registration floor I had to walk one entire length/side of the pyramid.  This was on a single-digit floor!  If I was on the top floor I probably wouldn't have minded that walk.  I think this is how the Pharaohs got their slave labor to work.  They put stones in their suitcases and gave them an inconveniently located room number.If there were no casino and decent restaurants within the confines of this giant pyramid, the hotel experience alone for me would be a 1-star.  Additionally, it is generally more affordable than a lot of other hotels in the area and they have always offered me an extra night (Sunday, obviously) at an extremely reduced rate of $40-50.It ain't no wonder of the ancient world.  It's more like I wonder if I stay there again.  Unless they renovate, Luxor shall not be my nightly tomb again.
4	3.5 star? Damn People are harsh! I love this place. You def. get the Vegas experience here!Since I am not a millionaire, the hotel rates per night is affordable. It has a bajkdfjlsd;fdlfsd casino machines...I am not a big on gambling and mostly go for the club scene, but while waiting the $.25 cent machines are a good bargin to kill time. I won myself $.50 cents! Yeaahhhh boii! Luxor has L.A.X inside and you can get in for free if you stay there or are rollin with fine bitches! When I stayed here, L.A.X is probably the only club we didn't end up at. Ha ha and every time I go to Vegas I always plan on going to L.A.X, but never happens. One of these days though, one of these days...who wants to take me and pop this cherry of mine =)I gave it 4 stars because our room was such a pain in the ass to get to. Had to go up down and all around just to find our room. Now, I think they designed this place like this on purpose as pure entertainment for all us drunk folks! Watching us run around in circles, knocking on wrong doors, passing out in random places. THANKS. One thing that I love/hate about the Luxor is that it is at the end of the Strip. But when you are on the strip at night, Luxor looks so cool! It is this tall, enormous pyramid shaped building with a flashy beam of light shooting from the top. LEGIT! It is like the north star in the sky! So easy to find! And then when you are ready to crash and you eventually find your room, you get to sleep in the coolest sheets ever! I am talkin Egyptian print! You think I am kidding? No! This is a true story!
2	I recently stayed at the Luxor for a 3-night birthday trip. And while I wasn't terribly disappointed (you get what you pay for), I wasn't thrilled in any way either. Here are some things that make the Luxor sub par. *Confusing structure; got lost like 8 times without the aid of alcohol*Terribly uncomfortable beds; slept roughly the entire trip*Gross buffet* Awful air-conditioner in room; felt like the goddamn rainforest when turned onSome positive aspects of the Luxor...*Cathouse nightclub; snazzy looking bordello inspired with great specials for females on Madame Mondays*Cheap rates*Pretty clean rooms*Friendly service all aroundI don't think I would stay at the Luxor again unless I was on a strict budget. I doubt its the worst on the strip but its probably not even close to the top.
3	This place was fine. The service was good: check-in was fast; housekeeping comes early; check-out can be done electronically from your room, saving you a wait in line. Upkeep seems to be kind of lacking, though. The carpet is old, and it's gross and patchy in some places. There weren't any non-smoking zones that I could find (like other hotels seem to have), and the whole place smells nasty no matter where you go (even by Vegas standards, I'd venture to say). Also, the location isn't exactly central, though everything on the strip is walkable, I guess.At least it was cheap.
1	Despite some of the harsh reviews given by previous Luxor guests I still thought I'd give it a try - what a freakin' bad idea.I arrived early and requested for a early check-in. Obviously there were rooms available considering how massively huge this dump is but the old geezer at the front desk of the Tower check-in desk refused to check me in until 11am, it was 10:15am. Like really?! I didn't want to be unreasonable so I thought I could just wait but after being up since 4am at the airport and plane, all I wanted was to take a quick nap. About 15mins later my fiance went up and asked to check in and the old fart checked him in! What a sexist a-hole! When we finally arrived to the room. I double checked the cleanliness of the room as others on Yelp recommended. Oh my god the sheets had stains on them as others have taken photos of. Luxor's website stated that they recently renovated this tower, cheah right fools. They did not do anything.Understandably this is Vegas and people get a little crazy but damn. Every single night people would run the halls screaming and knocking on their friends' doors for some dranks. The hotel took no action whatsoever.Another thing is the walls are ultra thin, you can literally hear what the hell the other people next to you are doing. Ugh... I didn't want to hear the old people next door having sex next door or the guy on the business call at 5am. Lastly, I asked the concierge about transportation around Vegas, which basically are taxis or the RTC bus. The female had no clue about the bus - how to purchase the tickets, where to find a machine to purchase them. The hell are you working as a concierge for?Take your money elsewhere!!! Put up another $20.00 to somewhere nicer and closer to the strip than this DUMP.
2	Won't stay here again. Here's the run down....Check-In: Even though I checked in well after the check-in time my room was not ready. The only way to get into a room at that time was to upgrade the reservation. The desk guy was very rude and seemed annoyed I was checking in at all. Room: If my room was an upgrade I would hate to see what a cheap room looked like. The bed was the most uncomfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. The air conditioning in the hallway was broken. Also, there is no way you can sleep through the noise at night in this place.  Hotel: This place is very dark and confusing. It's somewhat like being in a nightmare. If you like low ceilings and a cave like atmosphere, you're in luck!Restaurants: It is Vegas and I did expect to get shaken down in the restaurants. The Pyramid Cafe is expensive and the food is horrible.  For $20 I got some powdered eggs and greasy bacon for breakfast.Pool: The pool area was not very well maintained. The chairs were extremely dirty and in need of a pressure wash. The reflection on the sun coming off the pyramid is a prescription for a migraine headache. Overall: This is a wannabe trendy place that has very little to offer people who are familiar with the Vegas experience.
4	I have gambled at the Luxor but this was my first time staying here.  I must say, I was impressed.  Yes, it is a bit confusing to get to the pyramid rooms, but once you get there, the rooms are immaculate and nice.  Also, liked the view of the pool and Las Vegas skyline. Not to mention, service was really good, at least for us, we never had a bad experience with the staff.Okay, so MAYBE I am impartial by the fact that I kicked ass on the Pai Gow poker tables here, but in all honesty, I really liked our room and the amenities. My only point of contention was why isn't the pool open past 6 p.m.?  We plan to stay here again on our next visit.
4	The room was clean, that is the most important thing to me.  Didn't smell, didn't see anything to gross me out, and no pubic hairs found on the bedHad a nice view with their huge windows, had a nice tub, and it was cleanTheir t.v. was old school and didn't have much channels but that didn't bother meCasino had a few places to eat and it connected to mandalay bay but there was no shopping =(   check out system electronically was available so that was cool.  Would come back but I like staying more towards the middle of the strip but experience was good
3	This place wasn't so bad. A lot of walking to get from place to another. We stayed in a suite with one king sized bed to 9 people, which was pretty fun. Didn't sleep much in vegas, The best part of the Luxor was their Mcdonalds. 50 PIECE MCNUGGETS FOR 10 DOLLARS! I probably ate about 500 nuggets the whole time i stayed there.
4	Perhaps not as trendy as it used to be, but we still managed to have a really great time here and will likely return.  The ancient Egyptian theme is pervasive.  Beyond the pyramid and the sphinx, there are hieroglyphics on the bedspread and the dresser and faux artifacts on the walls.  The elevators shimmy as they go up introducing a lateral sway that is necessary to climb along the edge of a pyramid.  Really in every respect, the theme is present and imposing.  Surprisingly, it didn't feel hokey at all -- in fact, it was all rather enjoyable.  The room itself had a very large shower stall instead of the usual bathtub which was a considerable improvement.  The perfumed soaps were very nice too.  I loved the view of greater Las Vegas from the hotel room, and the glass was nicely designed to keep out all superfluous light from the outside and not affect the internal room temperature.  As a casino, I did not have much luck here with me quickly losing a small fortune at both the roulette table and the blackjack table.  Oh well.  The Liquidity bar was just okay, and the champagne brunch they offer on weekends wasn't especially good.  Also, being located on the southern end of the strip, it can be difficult to access some of the other big name casinos.All in all though, the Luxor worked wonderfully as a hotel, and I would recommend it for that purpose.
4	Just got back from a fabulous vacation in Las Vegas... seriously a great trip that I really needed!  We got a sweet deal to stay at the Luxor.  It was less that $300 for two rooms for three nights, do the math, it was a good deal.  Is the Luxor the fanciest joint on the strip? Of course not, but they did a dang good job if you ask me.  First off on a personal note, I don't like Criss Angel or Carrot Top and they are the Luxor poster children right now so it was a little obnoxious seeing ads for them at every turn, but hey... there are worse things in life.  The room was a decent size with what I considered a larger than normal bathroom.  The tub was seriously huge PLUS it had a shower.  I was a little disappointed in the bed itself, BUT I have come to accept that my boyfriend has seriously spoiled me with an awesome bed and really expensive pillows at home so it's hard for me to judge this.There are like three Starbucks locations here which was freakin awesome.  I really liked that the rooms are not a super huge hike from the Casino floor.  I have noticed on several trips to Vegas that the casino is like a bajillion miles from my room.  That sucks when I forget something OR if it's late and I feel like dropping some cash at the tables.  All in all the employees were all very friendly and when I needed more towels I got them.  In general I would say it was a good stay relative to the price.  If the opportunity arose again I would be cool with the Luxor!
3	The bad news: When we arrived, our toilet had not been cleaned and there was urine on the seat.The good news: When we complained to the manager, he was very apologetic and gave us a $75 food credit good anywhere in the casino.The bad news: The beds are really worn out and need replacement.  There was no safe or coffee maker in our standard pyramid room.The good news: From the 22nd floor, we had a great view.  And the rest of the furnishings and decor in the room were clean and in decent shape.  The bathroom seemed recently redone and the showerhead was amazing!The other good news: We only paid $45 for the room.  Not the highest luxury on the strip, but a good deal.
5	Loved it, nice staff, good drinks, good players club clean place and good slots. They outside is cool and so is the inside. Classy place to stay or spend some cash oh or win some if you are lucky. I will go again next time I am in Vegas
3	I was hesitant at first due to previous reviews but you know I had to experience it for myself. So far I am very pleased. My room was upgraded from pyramid to tower deluxe the location is great with a tram service to Mandalay bay. Yea it ain't as classy as bellagio or Venetian but for what amounts to $80 a night after all taxes/resort fees I am happy. Nice pool. It would have gotten another star but I don't like those ticket salesmen in the lobby always approaching me with tix offers.  Just ignore and keep walking don't worry they're used to it. Good luck everyone. Small line to check in but went fast 20 minutes tops. You've waited longer for less nerds.
4	Stayed a Luxor for first time.  I always wanted to stay there to experience the slanted walls in the hotel room.  I read some other reviews and was hesistant to stay there but I did and it was perfectly fine.  Yeah it's not the Wynn or Belagio but for $60 it was more than adequate.  People: Were still in a recession!  Hello.  The only big negative was the elevators.  Evelator #2 to be exact.  The thing stopped while going up and went dark!  I was slightly freakin' out, but fortunately it re-started.  These other guys said that same thing happened in another elevator car.  Told front desk.  After that I avoided elevator #2 all together and took elevator #4
1	Let me start by saying that my review is not about a hotel stay, but rather an experience that involved me winning tickets to see Carrot Top perform here. The show was cancelled and the Luxor box office WOULD NOT EXCHANGE MY TICKETS.I won tickets to the show on 97.1 (a local radio station for those of you that aren't from around the Vegas Valley.) The tickets specifically stated they were valid up to March 31. Due to a lot going on in my life, I had to wait until the last minute to use them. I checked online to make sure he did shows on Wednesday nights, which is when March 31 fell this year. There was nothing to the contrary on their website. Aside from "Dark Tuesday", it said nothing about cancelled performances/unavailable shows/etc.I went to the Luxor, eager to use my tickets and see this funny man. When I went to the theatre where he performs, the doorman said he was on vacation this week, AND THAT I COULD EXCHANGE THE TICKETS FOR A LATER PERFORMANCE. I understand a guy like Carrot Top needing a vacation - apparently he busts his ass 6 nights a week making people laugh in here. BUT WHY WASN'T THE CANCELLATION OF HIS PERFORMANCE MENTIONED ON THE WEBSITE!?I went over to the box office and told them of the situation, and what the doorman had told me. The woman working the box office said THAT WAS FINE, and THAT SHE COULD EXCHANGE THE TICKETS. She even asked me what later performance I would like to attend, to which I responded a show next week. She then said she just needed to talk to her supervisor about doing it. I waited patiently for 5 minutes for her return. She came back, and I was very much eager to get my tickets for the show. The first words that came out of her mouth were "CAN'T DO IT." She explained to me that they COULD NOT EXCHANGE THE TICKETS. This is AFTER TWO EMPLOYEES TOLD ME IT COULD BE DONE. She also told me the supervisor said I "should have come earlier." I came within the dates the tickets told me to come, and now you're telling me I "should have come earlier" when you DID NOT POST ON THE WEBSITE THAT SHOWS WOULD BE CANCELLED THIS WEEK!? Seriously, fuck you guys. The billboards all up and down the strip promoting the show say that Carrot Top's show is "worth the trip." But now I'm never going to know if it was because the Luxor's box office supervisor is an inconsiderate jerk.Carrot Top, if you're reading this, go perform somewhere where the box office doesn't treat its customers like shit.
1	I am so confused as to why they are trying to de-theme the Luxor???? I mean it is a casino in the shape of a Pyramid.  We used t o stay here back in the day and loved it, not so much anymore. Now the Luxor, along with the Excalibur, are two Casino's that you are not allowed to take any photos in.  I think it is because MGM does not want you to know how crappy they are.
3	Stayed at Luxor one weekend for a quick trip to Las Vegas. The room was very inexpensive, but also felt cheap.Back when the Luxor opened in the early 1990s it was the shining jewel of the Vegas strip. Even though, in my opinion, it's still the coolest looking hotel on the strip, it's age is starting to show on the inside. There was nothing wrong with our room, but it just seemed like there weren't any nice amenities to make me want to stay there again. But hey, you don't go to Las Vegas to spend your whole day inside your hotel room. I would probably stay there again if the price is right, but it's not on my top list of hotels in Las Vegas.
2	Was in one night for a show next door, but decided to go cheap.  Cheep it was!  All show and no go.  It's a beautiful hotel from the outside, but I think It is just old now, and service didn't help.   We were getting a "non smoking" room, but we got to the room and it was really stinky and smokey.  I called and they said just come down to the "manager's desk" and they will get us a new room, so we hiked down and not one person was willing to help us.  When we finally got to someone, she rudely said go to the desk at the very end.  We did, and no one was there.  Waited 10 minuted before going to here again, and she was just annoyed at this point with me.  She told me to wait there and someone would help me.  So I did, and about  10 minutes later, someone stumbled down to us and told us to go the the OTHER SIDE!  If you have been here, it is a long desk!  Especially when you have 2 full bottles in your bag, ha ha.  Overall, just a bad customer service experience, maybe if we were there 1 hour prior, it would've just been an old hotel and not so horrible.  Would I stay again?  Only if I HAD to save money and the show was next door.  Other than that, yeah no.
4	Luxor gets 4-stars.  Check-in was easy.  Price was good.  Room was surprisingly nice.  Croupiers in the casino were generally friendly, but could have been a BIT more fun and affable.  (I broke even gambling here, so you decide how that influences my review).  The stripper dancing by the gambling tables was a nice touch.  Drink service was reasonably speedy.  Interior was dark and weird, but weird in a cool way!So why not 5-stars?- When I checked in, the lady at the desk told me that the room I'd requested (with a King bed) was not available, and I would have to take a different one (with 2 queen beds).  Now, these things happen, but this clerk was too stern about it.  She was very articulate and professional, but gee, teach your staff to show a little CONTRITION (or even to flat-out APOLOGIZE) when giving someone something that's NOT what they paid-for.- The buffet, More, was lousy compared to the others nearby on the strip that are SO much better, and only $10-$15 more.  I would only eat at More again if I had time to kill (there's a long wait) and was down to my last $20, but still needed to gorge.
3	The hotel design of this place is really old and irrational, but I guess since this is Vegas, it's all about being unique right?The rooms are all on the sides of the pyramid leaving too much space in the middle for nothing. Talk about wasted space for extra rooms. The rooms were old and danky. The T.V. was old and nothing was on. For a cheap price, I guess it's justified. It is an upgrade from a motel 6 or something which is similar priced.
4	This place is great for the price. The rooms aren't great, but they are decent for a place to stay. The resort fee is $12.95 per day & that includes Internet & gym access. We stayed at Mandalay Bay previously & they gym access alone was $30 per day. There were two bottles of water in the room as well. We booked this vacation through Southwest Vacations. Unfortunately, the room had only a shower. I look forward to bathtubs, so I can soak & relax. :)
1	The reason for 1 star; RESORT FEES!!!!  I used to stay here because the rooms were decent and clean, but now the resort fee is just ridiculous.  MGM isn't charging this fee, so you can stay there for around the same price.  Just include the resort fee in the room rate so that your customers don't feel taken advantage of.
4	To be honest I was not very happy that we were staying here after I got on Yelp and seen all of the bad reviews but now that I have stayed here I am not sure why the Luxor is getting such bad reviews. We stayed here 4/30/10 - 5/3/10 in one of the spa suites and it was nice. You pay for what you get so don't expect something fantastic but it was not bad. When your in Vegas, who spends that much time in their room anyways? For the price I will definitely stay here again, it gave us more money to spend while shopping, eating out and drinking.
1	OMG... Worst room Pyramid Room ever! Let me count the ways:1) Elevators feel like I'm riding in a subway/train cart. SO rickety.2) Dim room with no adaquete lighting.3) No complimentary coffee! (Free water though)4) The shower in our room was clogged and would not drain! Gross.5) Room, although smoke-free, reeked of smoke and even got in to the clothes I did not wear.6) We place the privacy sign on our door before we left because we didn't want them to clean the room. Got back and surprise! It was clean... Unfortunately, they also threw away my contact cases in the process... I called front desk to complain, whom then transferred me to Housekeeping where no one answered. Great. Thank goodness I always bring a spare set and could throw my old ones away.Definitely would not stay here again!
4	I stayed at Mandalay but did most of my gambling here.  The drink service here is good as long as you tip.  I averaged a drink every 5-10 mins vs a drink every NEVER at Mandalay!My review might be slightly biased since I won 46,000 pennies playing deal or no deal slots and ~350 playing black jack.  I did lose ~200 playing roulette, who knew red could come up 7x in a row?The crowd here has gotten a lot younger compared to a few years ago.  I think I'll be staying here next time.  I'd like to see what LAX is all about.
1	I DIDNT EVEN STAY HERE AND IT SUCKEDOk, so I actually stayed at the Palazzo which was just awesome. I came here to see the Bodies exhibit though.THE WORSE experience ever in Vegas was here at the Luxor. WATCH OUT for the sales people they have working the casino floor trying to get you to sign up for all these shows and stuff if you go to some seminar they have.I came here and asked these people that LOOKED like customer service people where I could buy tickets. They threw a huge sales pitch about how they can sell them 50% off if I go sit through some seminar down at another hotel. I said uh no im leaving tonight, they said fine, will u be back in 6 months, i said probably, it is vegas!THEN she said ok well if you give me $99 today I can book you three nights for sometimes in the next 6 months plus you have to go see this hotel and we'll sell you tickets. I said im sorry im not interested I just want to see the Bodies exhibit. She said WHATS THE PROBLEM, DO YOU NOT HAVE $99 ????"  I was literally shocked.  After I told her to pound sand I was on my way upstairs to find the real ticket sellers,  still no luck kept running into more pushy sales people.  Everywhere you turn there is an upsell and a promotion.The lux is HURTING for money and u can totaly tell, it wreaks of desperation.This place can kiss my ace, ill never step foot in here again, this pice of crap needs to be raised to thr ground and rebuilt with some real money, ghetto !!!!
2	I don't get it.
3	I'm not really impressed with this hotel...  it's just OK.Rooms are comfortable and big enough but our shower was a mess, everytime you finished there was a puddle on the floor - hate that!We missed the AM Housekeeping twice and they never came again...  It's Vegas - late nights, of course we wont' be up early, that's when we were coming in...  We had to call twice and go to the front desk to finally have someone come "make" our room.  The other bad thing about Luxor is that the rooms are at about the same level as the casino so all the smoke gets to you even when sleeping.  Aweful!  Pool closes at 7pm.Good things about Luxor?  Cathouse, LAX, Liquidity Bar.  Chris Angel's show believe is OK - you should watch it just to say you did it, but avoid Menapouse - horrible/ borring!  Oh, and T&T restaurant is good too.  Plus, as I'm sure happens in every other hotel, you get to meet cool people.Again, this hotel is just OK, if you're just there to sleep.  Now, if you want to relax, and get away from it all,  do choose another hotel.
2	I went to Las Vegas last weekend.....and I got myself a spa suite on the 24th floor for Friday & Saturday nights at the Luxor. After I inquired about a room and they added it all up...it was $505.00 for the weekend. Got the keys and then went back to the car to get some belongings....and then started the LONNNNGGGGG walk to elevator 1B. The parking is just ferocious if you ask me. There are 2 main areas to park....and both areas are way to far to have to walk to your room. There is a roof-top type parking area....right by the elevator and the long aisle way with the pool view on both sides~~ leading to the front doors. ---OR--- street level behind the pool area...which is even LONGER. Next time I go to Vegas I won't be staying at the Luxor. You start to feel like a damn HIKER and shit!!!! Phewwww The Casino at night is SOOOO Smokey it's unbelievable. Almost every single person is smoking....Hahahahaaha. They have a night club inside called LAX (Didn't go). They have a nice open area type bar....and they also have 3 stripper type dancers dancing on a Lil stage next to the casino floor. Starbucks inside the Luxor is crazy expensive. The room itself has terrible lighting....There is not even 1 bright light anywhere 8(( Bedspreads are just worn the hell out...and have no FLUFF at all...and I wouldn't dare let it touch my skin....ewwwww. Bathroom was real big and the shower area has all glass doors. The toilet SUCKSSS. The Spa is real nice.....in the deep corner with a great view...and has a nice Lil light over head. TV sucks...there is nothing really ever on the whole weekend whenever I did happen to look. They don't have WIRELESS...so if your with anyone else you all have to share the connection....and they don't have any handy plugs for items you might wanna use. Separate Living Room area....Has 2 couches....another tv....a fridge....armoir....huge windows with a GREAT view. Had a GREAT time in Vegas...this is my 2nd time at the Luxor. It's time to switch it up....No More Luxor 4 me I tell ya 8))
1	I am absolutely disgusted and appalled at this hotel and will NEVER step foot in it again!!!I was probably 9 or 10 the last time I was at the Luxor, and by the looks of things, NOTHING has changed since then. By that I mean everything looks incredibly run down, dirty, worn, and just plain disgusting. The call buttons for the elevators are loose and the whole thing looks like it's been beaten with a bat. The wait for the elevator takes about a year because from what I could see, only two of them actually work. The ride itself is shaky and feels borderline dangerous. It took me about 5 minutes to get into the room because the reader on the door wouldn't read the card (same thing happened in the elevator, which needs your key to operate). I finally got in and WOW, the room was SO disappointing!!! Everything was so old and noticeably worn; colors on the closet door was fading, surface of the bathroom door was chipping, and the walls were damaged and dirty. Worst of all - the pillowcases were stained. *shudder* Luckily I always bring my own pillow on vacation.The next morning, we were woken up because the toilet had somehow malfunctioned and wouldn't stop making noises. Geez, can it get any worse? YES. YES IT CAN. I went to turn on the light next to my table and it wouldn't turn on. Why? Because the lightbulb was broken in half. Ugh, how does that even happen? Then while one of my girl friends was using the hairdryer, it blows up on her! fl;kjasdfjsdfjlkas ... we were frustrated beyond words.After we complained, the manager moved us from the pyramid to a tower room instead, promising us that it would be nicer. To our relief, the tower was much newer and looked neat and clean. But just as I was about to change my opinion of the hotel, I spot not one, not two, but THREE MOTHS around the room! DISGUSTING!!! Needless to say, I spent most of the trip outside the hotel. I cannot believe the level of neglect this place has suffered. I would not recommend this place to ANYONE. I'm sure you could find a local motel better than this dump. STAY AWAY!
3	Sad to see that the emphasis on the Egyptian theme is fading away in a hurry.   I thought the cold black and glittering gold look was pretty awesome and the atmosphere here back in the day was really lively.But we went here in January and saw a rather generic looking decor inside now.  Slots were really hitting however so for that, this place gets 3 stars for good fortune and the memories we had when it was once a pretty cool place.
2	Priceline has this as a 4-star property: I think NOTOLD - they haven't upgraded ANYTHING in yearsCUSTOMER SERVICE: Nada, the first person we talked to upon arrival was trying to sell us "tours" in Vegas Check-in gal was less than cordial - "they cut back on check in help and we're swamped" ....ROOM SERVICE: GOOD!! Pizza delivered Sat night w/ in 40 minutes - very impressive. Pizza wasn't bad either. However, the table sat outside our room until 5pm the next day.... We had to call the maid service to have them prepare our room after returning @ 5 pm and NOT having the room ready...POOL: No food service after 4 pm?!?!?VALET PARKING: Good - Car showed up "pretty fast"Try another hotel.
2	this place does not make me wanna walk like an egyptian. makes me want to run like a mad man to another hotel. but i guess you get what you pay for. think the room was 39 bucks. let me start with the rude ghetto brothers at the front desk. it was our turn to check in and we stood there like 2 minutes while the ghetto manager was joking around with the ghetto front desk guy. and then the hood rat worker next to him started chatting away with this guy in the middle of her transaction with other customers while me and my girlfriend just stood there.so we finally get the guy to give us our room and we kindly asked if we can get a room close to the elevator. so the guy said its not that far. so we say thanks, go on our way. going up the angled elevators which makes you dizzy we're thinking how ghetto this place looks. we step out, feels like we were in a cheap motel. and the rooms were motel quality as well. and turns out we have to walk to the other corner which is pretty damn far if you were to go in and out of your hotel room. the only thing that kept me from giving this place a one star was they had free internet. even though it wasn't wireless.... had to pull a cord from behind the tv and plug it in my lap top. but hey, at least that worked.
2	Need updating A.S.A.PGood old Luxor from the outside the hotel still looks good fast check in, nice bar's located around the casino floor, not as big gambling area (no prob not really a gambler), Starbucks, Mc Donald's and ease of the tram to Excalibur and Mandalay place mall that connects to Mandalay Bay hotel. One problem it is a different story when you get to your room. I stayed in the west tower last year during the Cotto vs Pacquiao fight, many of the bed room fixtures looked dated from the TV, seats and etc. I also experience the shower  in my room had major problem's and wouldn't function right so I just used the walk in shower instead. Though dated items and shower problem the room was very clean. It would not be my first choice of hotel again but if you can get a low rate go for it but don't compare this hotel to it's sister property Mandalay Bay  which I stayed before but in which it will be no contest due to being aimed at a high end market.
2	I stayed at the Luxor in the tower wing about 8 years ago and it was great.  This last time (March 2010) we stayed in the main pyramid part.  The bathroom was nice and the toiletries were both high grade and organic (a real plus) but the room itself was so dated.  The curtains were really faded, the a/c was tempermental.  The furnishings were fairly decent.  The rug was really nasty (and with a kid in tow I care about things like clean rugs).  The check in staff are all very nice and attentive.  The pool area is beautiful and I actually like the location on the far end of the strip.  For the money though you can do much bettter in Vegas.
3	my wife and i stayed from tuesday until friday.  we had opted for the "all inclusive" spa suite.  the "all inclusive" deal was the room, all you can eat "more" buffet for the entire time, 2 tickets for Criss Angel, Titanic, Body, and VIP for LAX and Cathouse night clubs.  They did all as promised. For the money, we are both satisfied.  You get what you pay for.  The room was pretty aged, but fairly clean.  No noticeable stains or nasty stuff.  The elevators were just crap.  They all rattled and shook.  The buffet was typical.  The staff were helpful.  Gambling was.....well, gambling.  all depends on if you win or lose.  We had much better luck at Mandalay Bay.  Overall, you get what you pay for.
3	An alright experience for a cheaper place in the thick of the strip. The Luxor looks pretty slick from the outside, inside its pretty bare bones. The architecture is neat, but in comparison to other hotels they do a poor job with making it feel Egyptian inside. On the plus, its in a pretty active area of the strip. Its conveniently connected to Mandalay Bay and close to a lot other nice hotels/casinos. The rooms were pretty up-to-date. However, two downsides to the room: (1) The air conditioning was pretty blah. Granted, it was 110 outside so maybe that had something to do with it. The problem is that the room never got as cool as I'd like.  (2) The other problem was that anytime you flushed the toilet the room would smell like fart for a few moments. Obviously there was a sewage problem. My philosophy on that is if my room must smell like fart, I'd like to be doing the farting and not the sewage pipes. Its just common courtesy.  So overall, for the money I was fine with the experience. To me, the Luxor was a conveniently located place to sleep at night. I'd stay here again if all I wanted was a place to rest at night. I'd look elsewhere if I wanted more.
4	After reading reviews on here, I was hesitant to stay, but decided to check it out. We stayed on a Thursday night and I decided to bump up to a Player Suite, which was not that much more expensive than the regular room. I was pleasantly surprised! The room was very nice, had a flat screen TV. The room is in the regular style building so no worries about the crazy slant affect. We didn't have bath towels in our room, but after a phone call, housekeeping had them up in 5 minutes. The bed was really comfortable! It was a pillowtop mattress, we loved it. We were hit up a few times by sales people on the floor, we just ignored them. No hassles there. The place does show its age, but for the $ saved it was a great time! I would stay there again.
2	All I have to say: the price isn't worth it.. I had decent expectations for this hotel because it looks so cool.. ohh I was so wrong.. First of all they automatically charge you for internet, $12/day.. What if you didn't bring a laptop? Rip off.. But they do provide you with an Ethernet cord.. I was not feeling the slant in the room, it takes so much unnecessary space.. Oh we got the cheapest room. So the tv sucked, uber small.. No bath tub just a shower. but I do have to say that the shower was spacious.. Fits more than 1 if you kno what I'm saying.. Haha. It can even fit up to 3.. Dirrty intentions!I like how it's connected to Mandalay bay.. Fat Tuesdays is super close and so is a urban outfitters.. I don't like how far it is from 'civilization' aka the strip.. It's a long walk to newyorknewyork or caesars palace.. Let alone Tao or XS. Their elevators take FOREVER!!! and you need to put in your room card to get on your floor.. What a hassel - I missed my floor soo many times because of this.. Ballys is better than Luxor anyday. And if your lucky ballys gets super cheap.. Like 60 bucks a night cheap.. Even during weekends.. Come on, 60 bucks a night for being closer to the belligo and a 40+inch flat screen! I think the Luxor should undergo major renuvations and step up their game to match the other hotels on the strip..
1	Wow what a dump. Step into the 1960s ladies and gentlemen. There wasn't even a fitted sheet on our bed...just a large flat sheet spread across the top. When I think of Luxor I think "old, smelly, smokey, dated." They also charge some amenities fee when you check in. If you think you are getting a deal on a cheap room, think again. They'll add about $20 to your bill for weird fees. I'm never staying here again.
4	I didn't mind the hotel that much.. you get what you pay for right? And at under $40/night.. I wasn't complaining too much. I liked the easy access to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur.. but it's way down the strip and walking in the heat towards Planet Hollywood or The Bellagio that far was the last thing I wanted to be doing. There was alot to do there.. food court, etc. The first night we had a king size bed [floor 7] but the plumbing there is AWFUL!!! READ: ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE PLUMBING! The toilet wouldn't even hardly flush! The adjoining door made us hear the loud smokers next door.. so we asked to switch rooms. The woman we talked to was beyond rude and gave us "the only available room left" which was a 2 queen size bed room [floor 15]... the plumbing there was no problem at all.. she acted as if she didnt realize there were plumbing issues in the hotel.. but after reading reviews.. I now see it MUST be problematic alot. The rooms were kind of bare bones... but again... under $40/night? Not complaining!!The pool is more of water to wade in.. and people pack in there as soon as it opens at 9am... so if you want a prime spot.. get there early and throw your stuff down! The drinks are around $10/each there... and the same as everywhere else on the strip. You can tell they've done alot to update the hotel.. it wasn't bad IMO. Everyone told me before going how ghetto it was.. I didn't feel that way at all. It was decent.. just make sure you realize the $12.95/night fee you pay at check in. The flat sheets vs fitted sheets on the bed were weird and I kept freaking out about my skin touching the actual mattress.. which looked fairly worn out. I did like the fact we were able to leave all our stuff with the bell-hop and not charged a mandatory fee all day while we were in Vegas [check out at 11am.. and our flight didn't leave until 845pm] Oh! And there is a liquor store with cheap booze about 3 blocks down across the street away from the major hotels. Jackpot! As well as an AM/PM for cheaper smokes, and beer. I'd stay here again.. we weren't in the room much anyways.
1	The Luxor seems to have lost a bit of its nice-ness over the years, once known as one of the premier hotels when it first opened with a very modernized look and feel, now its trying hard to compete with the newer hotels on the strip - and with good reasonOn my rescent trip there I ended up at the last minute needing a room in vegas for work, so I figured Id go here since it had been about a year and when I was last there they were in the middle of a re-model so I figured id give it a shot - and I was able to find rooms pretty cheap for a weekend stay.Most of the remodel was done the lounges in the main pyramid were finished and looking nice but they were still lacking in what other casino lounges offer - seating was crowded and service was bad, even on Thursday night when it was slow - prices for drinks were pretty high for a casino that is on the south end of the strip Your key cards that gets you into your room is also used to get the elevator moving - basically so noone can just go up the sideways moving elevator - heres the catch ...the key cards dont always work well, one time it took so long to get the card to respond in the elevator the lights inside turned off ....once it finally responded to my random button pushing the lights turned on ...but definatly a pain when your hands are full and you have to dig out your room card Here is another fun one -since the key cards didnt work well in the elevator....they didnt work well when trying to get into my room either I think I stood there for at least 5 mintues one night trying to get in ...and it wasnt cause I had been drinking over priced drinks in the bar My basic room was ok - a very typical cheap hotel room in Vegas..my TV was small and had no remote controll - so I had to get up to change the channel every time I wanted to watch something else - which was a real pain. I brought my lap top with me to be able to do some work with my down time in my room but the internet access was absolute crap the wireless couldnt link up at all and it was a big waste of time. So why is there an additional $12 resort fee a day with this place if you cant use the dam internet at least, and not everyone is going to spend their day at the pool. Oh the 12 bucks does include 2 bottles of very cheap and small bottles of water in your room everyday.No bathtub in my room just a shower no big deal for me but others may want to relax a bit more than just standing there. The sports book is lacking to say the least-it still looks the same from when it first opened, its almost like the Luxor is a bit 50-50 with its remodel and the way the rest of the casino is looking. The buffett there which I alwasy thought was one of the best in Vegas is dam near 30 bucks a person ! What ever happened to the cheap buffett's in Vegas?About the only good thing is the Luxor has quick access to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur, but I wonder if the Luxor is like this - how bad is Excalibur and Mandalay ?
2	You go to Luxor if you're looking to be on the strip and it being cheap.  The cheap places will be Luxor, Stratosphere, Circus Circus,etc.  Places close to the ends of the strip. I feel like Luxor has gotten more ghetto.. its just dead-ish feeling.  Even going to the lobby there was no water in the fountain! What is that? lame. Our room was fine- nothing too special.  Its just not up to par if you've stayed at Encore/Wynn etc.  But I mean you get what you pay for. The selection for food is definitely whack.  There was a food court area with overpriced Ceasars Pizza, McDonalds, Quizno, etc. The most annoying part was having to stick my key in the elevator every time I went to my room.  I just didn't carry a key with me since my friends had it.  But yeah that was super annoying. I'm just glad we didn't stay in the pyramid part. That inclination is killer.  I've used it to visit friends and almost puked. So yeah I will say pay a little more to stay at a better place with better food, ambiance, and near the clubs and beach parties.
4	I have stayed here twice - once in the Main pyramid - in a gorgeous suite with a hot tub, and another time in the Tower in a regular room.  needless to say - the suite was far nicer (and way more expensive).  I also attended a conference held in the meeting facilities and everything was well managed and well run.  We had plenty of food and cold drinks at break times.  I also ater in the sushi bar at the Luxor for one of my meals.  It was very good.Oh - and I went to the spa which was just OK - will review separately.
2	I stayed at the Luxor for the first time last weekend. We had a standard pyramid room for the first two nights and a deluxe room for the last.The lobby looks old and out dated. The elevators are slow, shaky and nerve wracking because they go diagonally instead of straight up and down. In one elevator the casing was loose and we were able to move it! cheesy!The elevators are super far from most of the rooms, it takes forever to get to and from them. The rooms are OK but worth a lot less than what you pay for.The beds feel like a old futon and they give you cheap sheets- no comfortersOn the last night I used the hot tub, one minute into it the water started turning green!! DISGUSTING!!Plus to top it off its far from everything on the strip, for the money you pay, you can get something way better.Never staying there again.
3	It's not a bad hotel for the price.  Really.The room I stayed in was fine (save for some odd stains on the curtains), the casino and show offerings are about standard (Carrot Top, Criss Angel), and there's a fairly diverse selection of restaurants.That said, if you want to drop an extra $40 or $50 a night and stay somewhere else, I'd probably recommend doing that.  While I'd take the Luxor over the Imperial Palace, it's certainly no Caesar's or Mandalay Bay.
3	I'm not really sure what hotel most people are reviewing here...the Ritz?Just came back from our 2-night stay in Vegas, and was very pleased with the accommodations of the Luxor. True, it isn't the Venetian or the Wynn, but it's a nice hotel. We didn't have to deal with the crazy elevators, fortunately and/or unfortunately, as we were on the 5th floor, but our room was spacious and clean. We took advantage of some of the dining and entertainment (Titanic and Bodies) while we were there, and if the price was right, I would probably stay again
4	Great value for the cost.  Clean rooms, comfortable bed, spacious showers, Food court with several options available plus sit down dining options throughout the resort.Would definitely stay here again.
2	On a last minute trip to Vegas, we were only able to get a deal at Luxor. Once we checked into the room I was very underwhelmed. I couldn't believe Priceline ranked this hotel 4 stars!Negatives: I expected the old decor, but the beds had motel type comforters with the fuzzy blanket underneath and only 2 flat pillows per bed. You can also feel the springs in the mattresses. The hotel also charges a $15 resort fee which gets you 2 bottles of water/day, internet (cable plug), and newspaper (for pick up).Positive:The pools are nice and good sized.This hotel will suffice if you just want to be on the strip and don't care about where you sleep.
3	Oh the Luxor...The service was decent. Although when getting the key, the attendant failed to mention that we were not able to access the room from ALL elevators. JUST to get to our room took over 45 minutes. Because we than had to wait in line AGAIN, just to find out what elevator we were to take. The price was decent, as we found it in advance online. The room was interesting. I liked the ceiling and how the window was shaped looking out into our beautiful view - the parking lot. The room smelled a little funny, but it went away with time. Or I just got used to it.The casino itself seemed a little small compared to the other hotels and restaurants weren't very appetizing. We ended up eating at another hotel - New York New York. I don't think I would stay here again unless it was an insanely good price. But from the many options on the strip, I wouldn't put this on my list as a to go hotel.
1	WHAT A DUMP!I attended a conference in neighboring Mandalay Bay.  Because it was sold out, I found myself over at the Luxor.  Wow, I forgot how bad this place wasFirst - it's really showing its age.  Run down rooms, run down common areas.  Everything about it feels datedSecond - the rooms.  Uncomfortable beds, elevators that are broken, and take forever to get up and down from your floor, and the worst as a business traveler:  Despite advertising it, the internet service was not working in my roomThird - the scene.  Just not a lively mix of people.  No matter how much sex appeal they want to throw into their marketing, there is very little sexy about this place (unless, of course, you're into old and stodgy).  Maybe LAX is ok as a nightclub, but that's about it.Finally - location.  It's pinned down on one end of the strip, near tropicana, excalibur, nyny, etc.  While Mandalay Bay is nice, and MGM is ok too, you're just a bit too isolated there.Next time, I will register for conferences earlier, just to make sure I don't end up in another dump of a conference overflow hotel.
1	My husband and I stayed at the Luxor because of a stupid Grandview tour that promised to pay for a 3 night stay at the Luxor Hotel.  We thought this was good idea.  :(We were given a room on the 5th floor in the rear corner that had a view of the roof and the back of another building.  The bathroom floor was dirty or maybe that was the design of the floor.,No shower caps.  Window vents would not opoen. The glass decorations ourside the room were scratched.  Maintenance men started working near our room at 0730 hrs.  I called to complain and the desk clerk responded to me as though it was not a big deal.We hate the Luxor!!!
1	What an absolutely horrible experience!My boyfriend and I decided to take a roadtrip from the SF Bay Area to Las Vegas and unfortunately we made reservations at the Luxor. After a long day driving through Death Valley (which is absolutely beautiful by the way. If you ever get the chance to go do it!) we checked in and hauled all of our luggage up to our room. Upon entering we notice that, although the bed was made, the room was a disaster. The furniture was strewn all about and there were wrappers and empty bags everywhere. This non-smoking room stunk of cigarettes due to the poor architecture of the place and it was incredibly dark and dingy.I immediately called the front desk and spoke with a manager who apologized for the mistake saying that the room was listed as clean in their system. He offered to upgrade our room for free to a tower room which we accepted. The room was slightly nicer and clean but very dated (hey, I thought they recently remodeled this place). We had a glorious view of the parking garage from the window and a small tube tv. The "free wi-fi" was not free and impossible to figure out. The bathroom was spacious and bright but there was mold in the shower.On checking out after spending two horrible nights at this hell hole we were charged a $27 RESORT FEE! WTF?! I guess all the hotels in Vegas have resort fees but the Luxor is about as far removed from a resort as a place can get. They say it covered our free newspaper in the morning (which we had to pick up god knows where, it wasn't delivered) two complimentary bottles of water a day (about 6 oz each) and use of their gym (who the eff uses the gym in Vegas?) This was the worst experience at a hotel I've ever had. Absolutely horrible!PS Don't even try to go to one of their clubs. God awful.
1	Pretty much the worst hotel experience I have ever had. So Saturday 07-03-2010, we were staying here for the weekend and they had  problems with everything. We were in the pool all day so we wreaked of chlorine. We come back to our room and the showers aren't working. Neither is the sink, the toilet or the air conditioner. They said they will comp us for the night but I have yet to see any money in my account yet so until they do my review stays at 1 star.
2	My first trip to Vegas.  When my friend and I arrived we had to do a nice little trek to find the check in desk.  Once we found it we could not believe how long the check in line was, I mean ridiculously long.  There was a lady complaining that the electricity was out and that there was no running water and highly suggested that we try to find another hotel.  We found a nearby Starbucks so that she could try to call the Luxor instead of standing in a line that was easily 30 minutes long.  She tried calling and Luxor was having all of their calls routed to another hotel (I forget which one) who could do nothing for us.  My friend ended up going over to the check in area and speaking to a employee who apologized and upgraded us to a room in the West Tower.  Ehh, the bed spreads were the old school quilted ones, there was no coffee pot and no frig.  The room was really dark so we turned on ALL of the lights and it was still dark for at least another 5 minutes, we then realized that it took about five minutes or so for the lights to "kick in."  The room was quite warm and even with the a/c on stayed quite warm, but for some reason during the middle of the night it became quite chilly.  The buffet left plenty to be desired.  No good desserts, not even a self serve ice cream station or at least I didn't see one.  We had breakfast at the little cafe and it was decent.  When we checked out and made our way to the taxi/shuttle line, there was no attendant there to assist.  Overall, if I HAD to stay here again, I probably would but it would not be my first choicel
1	I'm sorry I didn't listen to my fellow Yelpers when they gave this place such bad reviews.  I thought maybe you guys were just being harsh, but you were right.  I will never ever doubt you again.  I decided to priceline a hotel for the 4th of July weekend.  I thought maybe I could get a better deal because of the usual-crazy-holiday rates.  I thought I would beat the system.  Well... The system beat me.  Haha.We got there Friday to check in and the lady at the front desk already wasn't pleasant.  Then she told us we needed to pay a resort fee of $15/day that includes wifi, gym access, a daily newspaper, and 2 bottles of water.  Apparently this fee is mandatory and there's no way around it.  I paid the stupid fee, and the whole weekend we did not get any wifi or newspaper.  That was annoyance #1.Hotel room was dirty and stuffy.  We requested room service and never got any cleaning in our room.  Restaurant selection sucks.  We went to TandT and got horrible service.  Food was meh.The next day we get back from shopping and the elevator we usually use is dark and blocked off.  Not a good sign.  The guy tells us that we have to go across the casino to the other elevator and take it up to the 22nd floor, then walk down the stairs to the 16th floor.  He tells us there should be water and electricity in our room.  After the hike, we get to our room and AH HA!  No water or electricity.  Annoyance #2.  (see how I'm being nice and not even factoring in all the in-betweens?)  So we call the front desk and ask what we should do since we need to shower and get ready to go out.  We asked if maybe we can be moved to another room that has water, and they said their systems were down and we couldn't move.  So they offered us to shower and get ready at the spa downstairs.  So we had to walk up 6 flights of stairs, down the elevator, and across the casino to the spa.  All of this madness almost made us late for our appointment, which sucks because we didn't get to eat dinner at all!  Annoyance #3.When we get back that night from going out, the elevator still wasn't working.  The next morning was check out so we went downstairs to do so.  Lady @ front desk was rude.  We were hoping to receive some sort of compensation for not having power or water all of yesterday, but we got nothing.  When I brought it up, she said she would remove the "resort fee" charge.  Okay, $30 back, when really we shouldn't have paid for it in the first place!  She also offered a future night comped on them, but I told her I didn't want to stay there again.  I asked about getting Saturday night comped and she would not budge.  I was so annoyed I stomped off.  She didn't even try to keep a customer!  I was so fed up with that place I just left.I will never ever stay here again.  Worse experience with a hotel ever.
2	Our stay was ok at most. Room not clean. Staff not helpful. Cafe food in hotel - yuck. Not going back.
4	I stayed here for 3 nights during my birthday getaway and had an absolutely great time. Though the parking lot was a long ways away, we didn't use the car very much because there was no need. Luxor has free trams and is within walking distance of some hotspots on the strip. We stayed in a Tower Deluxe room with 2 queen beds and overlooked the pool area. LOVED IT! It was clean, beds were comfy, bathroom had a sep. tub and shower which was great for me(my two kids used the bathtub and i used the shower). We ate at the Mor`e buffett downstairs which was a great value at $30/person/day (start in the morning and go there for lunch and dinner) to get ur money's worth on this deal. At Check-in, the staff was polite, friendly, helpful and checkin was really really fast and easier than I expected. I got a coupon book that I used to get into CatHouse and LAX on my bday (had a great time...for free). My kids and I had a great time in the pool downstairs. We went once everyday for a couple hours and on the friday they had a DJ out there and there was musical entertainment down by the pool. This place was wonderful, clean, polite, and I am DEFINITELY coming back. The four of us had a great 3 day vacation in Vegas and only spent almost $800 during the entire trip. Contrary to what alot of reviewers are saying, the fees are mentioned whenever you pay for it online (i checked and was aware ahead of time). I booked my stay through Expedia June 30-July3rd for $303 + $14.50/day. This place has internet access for $9.99/day or $4.99/hr (if ur going to be on for more than 90 minutes, pay the ten bucks). Computers are also available downstairs if u need them.  Everything was just great and I plan on coming back in the near future.
4	I booked a hotel room on short notice for 2 nights this past weekend at the Luxor since they had quoted me the cheapest price with a military discount.  After I booked, I read a few of the reviews on here about the hotel, and needless to say, my expectations were very low.  I had been to the Luxor before and gambled/drank there and had a slightly-above-average view of the place in comparison to many of the other hotels on the strip.  This was the first time I had actually seen a room or stayed at the hotel.Overall, I was impressed with the hotel and satisfied with my stay.  Here's a quick rundown of the like/don't like:Like:1.  Room was nice size and obviously recently renovated2.  Very nice bathroom with higher-quality towels3.  Bed was very comfortable4.  Room had an awesome view looking North to the rest of the strip5.  Great price for a last-minute booking.6.  Valet car retrieval was quick and easy7.  Pool was pretty decent with not much difficulty finding a chairDon't Like:1.  Self-park garage is small and far (definitely worth it to valet)2.  Elevators take forever3.  Weak water pressure in the shower and took a while to get "hot" water (probably had to do with being on the 30th floor)4.  Location on the strip (a matter of preference, I much prefer the northern strip to the south)Like I said, I was pretty satisfied with the stay overall.  The big disclaimer here is that I booked this under a military discounted rate, so I don't know if they gave me some "hookup" with the nicer rooms that I didn't know about.  It looked as if some of the other floors might not have been renovated yet, but I can't confirm or deny that.  It's not the nicest place on the strip, but I would definitely stay there again if the price was right.
3	As stated by a previous Yelper, the Luxor is showing its age. While the entrances and walk ways seem to be well cared for, other parts of the hotel are in need of renovations. For example the elevator to get to our room was in need of service as the doors would repeatedly open and close prior to actually moving to take you to your intended floor. Plus the lobby area to the 2nd floor smelled like diapers and the walls looked old and dingy.The room served its purpose since we were only sleeping and bathing there so for bare essentials it was ok. The bathroom needed a little work as the sliding door to the shower did not slide easily and the towel rack connected to the door was broken. Other than that my only concern is that I would liked to have had an added security lock other than the deadbolt on the door. It wasn't too bad for the price that we paid for but I may want to check out other places prior to booking with them again.
2	Priceline.com rates this hotel as a Four Star Hotel... Yeah.  Maybe ten years ago.  But, for $36 a night, you get what you pay for, right?  Before the trip, I was reading the reviews for the Luxor and was cringing... we were going for a anniversary celebration trip and looking for a deal on a nice hotel via priceline.com and I was disappointed with the result of my best price negotiation.  My husband and I were in one of the rooms in the pyramid on the 13th floor and booked it for three nights.  The elevator to our room was close to the entrance, as well to our room.  The elevator is different than most elevators and has some definite wear and tear; plus, given the unique design, it's a different kind of feeling than most.  Our room was reasonably clean, dated, but clean.  The bathroom had a large shower, but no bath tub which was a bummer.  Since we were planning on spending a reasonable amount of time to relax in the room, this was a bummer-- if you're going with the plan to make your room more like a locker room  in between partying at night and partying during the day, then this probably would be ideal.  The bathroom also had a large sink area and then a separate vanity area in the entry way area (perfect for a group of girls getting ready and having to do make-up and hair, right?).  The plumbing worked for us-- I noticed complaints about it from other yelpers prior to our trip and I was nervous about that for sure!The beds were like Motel 6 beds.  There was a good sized window with curtains and we had a view of some of the strip and the airport.  It was fine having the drapes open at night but as soon as the sun came up in the morning, it was like being in a solar oven!  to add to it, the air conditioner did not work.  Well, slightly chilled air came out of the vent and you could feel it only when you stood right by it, but if you were more than two feet away, consider it a really weak fan.  This of course would be fine if you were staying there over the winter months; but we were here in July with the high being 110 degrees.  My biggest gripe would have to be the smoke in the rooms, even the non-smoking rooms.  My theory is that the pyramid funnels the smoke up from the casino on the lower level up to the top of the pyramid.  If you smoke, this probably isn't too much of an issue, I'm assuming, but for the non-smokers, this is horrible!  The room was basically smoky and hot and was far from an escape from the heat.So, after one night of being a trooper, we decided to check out two days early; not because we were hotel snobs, but because we were looking for something more relaxing, romantic, and well honestly a room with a decent air conditioner and without smoke that left my throat dry and burned my eyes after sleeping on an old bed.  When we went to check out at the desk, the woman behind the counter noticed that we were leaving two days early, asked us if we understood that we could not be reimbursed for the two days we weren't staying there, and then continued checkout as usual.  I was somewhat surprised that she didn't offer us an upgrade to a better room, some sort of compensation, or even the opportunity to take an online survey or something.  But then again, I saw the other people checking in beside us and if I were her, I probably wouldn't have wanted to make a big deal out of it since we weren't.  But be aware that we booked the room for 3 nights and stayed only 1 night because we were that dissatisfied with our room.So, two stars because even though the rooms are smoky, dated, hot, and minimal, they are dirt cheap to be on the strip, even if it is the end of the strip.  I don't know what Priceline.com is thinking when they give it four stars when everyone else gives it less, but maybe there's some sort of business deal worked out.  The hotel is more like a 3 or 2.5 star hotel.
1	WORST Las Vegas experience, ever. I have traveled to the city over a dozen times now and I have never experienced such a blatant lack of customer service in my life. Upon check-in we were informed of a 13$ per day room fee that neither my boyfriend or I ever recall being informed of. This fee was for two 4oz bottles of water and internet, daily. I had my laptop, so I figured, why not? Well because the ethernet cord (yes, it's NOT wireless) is fashioned behind the TV in a way that you have to drag a chair over to the stand and sit snuggled up to your TV to use it. Ironically the room has a desk, that you can't use if you want to also use the internet. The second disaster was my best friend's bachelor party  which we started off at the Cat House. At first the atmosphere was enjoyable but after buying an overpriced round of drinks I inquired about renting out a hookah. I was first told 38$ an hour and I said SURE! Then I was told it was that PLUS each one of the four of us had to drink up a 30$ tab AND that the 60$ in drinks I just bought, didn't count. The waitress then said she was going to ask her manager if we could make an exception and she disappeared. Long story short, we left. (Meanwhile, the bride had her own disaster at LAX when she was told that her and her friends weren't showing enough skin to dance in certain areas of the club.)The pool area was again lacking and nothing special, very dated. Two out of the five nights, I don't think our room got cleaned. We never got refills on shampoo, I had to wash my hair with body wash at one point. And the shower was HORRIBLE, no places to set anything down, or shave or really anything for that matter. The TV remote was dead and we got two queens instead of the king we requested. There was also no safe in the room, which after all this great service made me a little sketch. The day of the wedding I ordered champaign to the room and on top of the bottle which cost about 38$ for a 10$ champaign, that I would have to pay an additional 4.50 for each person who wanted to drink it. I agreed and when they came to the room it was cash only! No room bill or credit/debit. Just cash. Again, pretty sketchy if you ask me. I was not prepared so the bride had to pay for it.The Luxor cafe, the inexpensive breakfast? Cost me 20 bucks for an omelet & orange juice. I would've eaten McDonald's but they hid that on the second floor with very little signage to remind you it's there. Overall poor experience for the same price you pay at a phenomenal place like Harrahs or Imperial.
4	Contrary to what a lot of others have experienced, I actually enjoyed my stay at the Luxor.  I paid around $35/night to stay here and it was way beyond anything I've ever stayed at for that price.  I loved the open atrium and the general feel of the hotel's decor.  It was nicer than, say, Circus Circus or Excalibur, but it wasn't so nice that you felt out of place in jeans and a t-shirt.  My check-in was quick, and they let me in about 5 hours earlier than the proper check-in time, which was much appreciated after a very early flight.  They didn't give me too much trouble when I refused to pay for the in-room phone that I wouldn't be using, and the room itself was clean and comfortable.The buffet at Luxor was very middle of the road, but it was convenient, especially for breakfast.  The shops in between Luxor and Mandalay  Bay (they're connected) were also handy for picking up some additional clothing after soaking up way too much smoke.  If you like gelato, there's a small pizza and gelato place in between, also.  Even though I can afford better than the Luxor now, I would still consider staying there if location on the middle or northern part of the strip wasn't a priority.
1	We had stayed in the Luxor before on a business trip and been pleased. This trip, we arrived on a crowded holiday weekend, and service clearly suffered.In our brief three day / two night stay, the power went out, we had a fire alarm go off in the middle of the night, and the staff was in no way responsive to the issues arising from these incidents. We received no apology, no acknowledgment at all of the inconvenience, and other guests had even worse problems than we did. The power went out around 5:30 pm on July 3rd. This then meant that the pumps for the water in the building weren't going. People above the 10th floor (which is where we stayed) complained of no water in their rooms for hours. One guest told us their water didn't come back until 3 am.Meanwhile, around 1:30 am July 4th, the fire alarm goes off on our floor and surrounding floors. It took quite a while for management to even recognize it had a problem, no one was answering the phone at the front desk, and when we trooped downstairs, no one even seemed to notice it was happening. Not helpful, and honestly, quite frightening. Had there actually been a fire, I doubt the staff would have handled it well. We also found out that not all floors got the alarm, which was also troubling.Given these problems, we will not stay there again.
1	I am presently staying at the Luxor. Arrived yesterday, checking out Wednesday (3 night stay).Pro: Quick check in.Con: Dirty sheets and towels upon arriving!Pro: The room's temperature control works well.Con: The change of sheets we got have HOLES IN THEM!!!Pro: Even tho my stupid computer can't hold their wireless signal, there is a wire for me to connect to.Con: The halls and bedroom smell like some kind of toxic air freshener, and the bathroom smells like someone lit a match.Pro: The bathroom counter is pretty, and comfortable to sit on, allowing me to soak my poor lil' feet after some drunk douchebag almost took my toenail off with the bottom of his shoe!Con: The shower head is ghetto; the spray leaves much to be desired.Pro: I haven't run out of hot water (yet?)Con: They don't give you a towel/mat for the floor, so you must use one of your scratchy towels to dry the bathroom floor when you get out of the shower.Con: The towels are scratchy as heck!Con: No bathrobes! But seriously, if they are as scratchy as the towels, I don't want one!Con: The lighting in the room is terrible! If it weren't for the bright bathroom lights, I would have to do my makeup by kerosene lamp!!Con: The mattress is springy like a cricket on a trampoline!Con: We have a view of a loading dock.Con: Did I mention that we checked in to dirty towels and sheets? WTH?!! There was what looked like blood or rust on the sheets. Yecch!I definitely will not be staying here again. If it weren't for the fact that I actually like the theme of this hotel, I'd be really pissed.
2	It's okay, You kind of get what you pay for. This hotel is located at one of the end of the strip so you would need to walk kind of far if you want to go to the other hotels/casinos. Service: I experienced horrible service with this hotel. Registration check in girl wasn't rude, but she clearly didn't want to help us check in. Cocktail waitress -They aren't as pretty as the ones from Wynn or one of the bigger/better hotel. Most of them are kind of rude and are only looking for tips. But there are a few that I experienced that were pretty nice and friendly. Maids - They don't really clean your rooms. They kind of just push everything aside. There were two days were they took the towels and didn't replace them. So we ended having to call the lobby for towel to take a shower. No big deal... Just a inconvenience.
4	When I was cruising down the Strip, and even when I checked into the Luxor, I was not too blown away by Vegas. I live within 40 minutes of Atlantic City, so I've seen casinos and their nightlife before. Vegas, to me, was AC on steroids. I visited from 12/30/2009 - 1/1/2010, and in those two days my opinion really changed.It was my first and only trip to Vegas thus far, but I really liked the Luxor. Our room was very clean and neat, and the bed was by far the most comfortable I've slept in while on vacation in a while. We paid $100/person for the total trip, which I thought was a steal for the room. It was quite big, and the bathroom was very spacious - a must for 3 girls, especially over New Year's! The front desk staff was very accommodating. Check-in was shockingly quick, especially during such a busy time. We were allowed to check in early and get right to business, which was great. I particularly liked the clubs/lounges, and the fact that it was connected to both Mandalay Bay and Excalibur (hello, Thunder Down Under!). The inclinator - not elevator! - was an event all in itself. I believe I fell each and every time I set foot in it, and I was sober the whole vacation! We were pretty high up in the pyramid, and anytime I walked over to look out a window, I inevitably misjudged and gave myself a concussion. Our windows had very thick blackout curtains, which was fantastic since we never went to bed before 11am. The little convenience stores and vending machines are WAY overpriced but again, it's Vegas! No time to be cheap! I agree with Stefanie H. in that even when you're not dressed up, you don't feel like you're being shunned or out of place.Overall, I would stay here again. I'd definitely like to experience other hotels on the Strip first, but this place was far from the worst there could be.
4	First off let me start by saying that I was expecting a dump after reading all the reviews online about the Luxor. And after getting a room here for 60 bucks a night I can say that I would DEFINTELY stay here again. We had 2 rooms and we got complimentary upgrades to the Deluxe Players Suite in the tower and all we had to do was ask. Check in was quick and we were able to get our room at 10:00am. The pools were big, the weather was perfect, and the drinks were flowin!! 7 bucks for a beer I guess is expected in vegas. Chris Angel usually performs here but he was on vacation not that we wanted to see him anyways but since he was gone we got 25% off Cirque De Soleil "KA" which is what we wanted to see anyway. (I mean we would have if we took the time to look at the flyer in our room, oh well we're dumb) One con was that we asked for a non smoking room and we got a non smoking room but it smelled as if someone had been smoking their the night before. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!!
3	Kind of disappointed in the hotel! I did not have a bad experience but I expected more! Staff was friendly! Rooms need an update! They are pretty simple and it's obvious they don't want you spending more time then needed in there! The casino is nice again friendly service! Their pool and fitness center was great!
1	One of the WORST hotels I have ever stayed in.. and i have stayed in the backwoods of the south where people have opossums as pets!  Stay away from any place that charges you a 15$ "luxury tax" upon checking in! WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN! awful just awful
2	Went to Vegas for a one day/night birthday trip and didn't want to spend too much on a room so when I saw that the Luxor was only $50 I went for it since I had always liked the Luxor and enjoyed my stay the last time I was there. Unfortunately that was in the 90's and I didn't think that they hadn't updated, fixed or properly maintained anything since the last time I was there! I had no idea, I wish I came here first. You know that show, Life After People? Yeah, that's what it looks like here. It seems like nothing had been changed or fixed since this place was first built, it's actually really sad! Good:Hmm I can't really think of anything... I'd say my memories of this placeBad:Parking garage SUCKS! We parked at Mandalay Bay because the parking garage at the Luxor is so small and awkward. If you don't care if you get a door ding and you can find a spot then it's fine I guessThe layout of this place is so hard to navigate, every time we left the room we got lost.The customer service here was just ok, we tried to do early check in and were told we would be called when the room was ready -- we never got a call.The hallways were dirty and had what looked like mold along the top of the ceiling and in cracks where the wall was attached to the railing.The elevator was so sketchy and rickety, the panels and the door were shaking and flopping around literally! That was the scariest elevator I've ever been in. If you're not going to update your hotel rooms you can at the very least update the elevators! Also, you can't even tell that you have to put your room key in to make it go!The room was pretty bad. - The "non-smoking" room had cigarette burns in the chairs, on the wall and on the velor blanket. - The wall paper was peeling off in the bathroom and was mis-matched & stained in the rest of the room.- The beds were hard, springy and bowed after years and years of use. - The chair cushion was stained and worn down.- The varnish on the armor and on other drawers was worn off where the knobs were.- The "comforter" was like a thin sheet which didn't cover the stained bottom mattress.- The carpet seemed newer than other things in the room however it was still stained and dirty- The AC only worked well when the blinds were closed, in the other room we got it barely worked.- The TV was fuzzy/had bad reception- The paint on the bottom of the bathroom door had water damage and the paint was all bubbled, actually the entire door and door frame was really gross, it was dirty and stained as well. - The pillows had random stains and one didn't even have a pillowcase!So because everything was so gross we refused to get into the bed and froze our asses off all night long. Didn't take a shower there because I would probably end up dirtier. I keep reading about free water, not in my room! However there was a Las Vegas Photo book that the last guest left! So overall this used to be a really nice place but it's definitely been neglected and has become just downright disgusting. I would say you get what you pay for but I would never pay to have to stay in a place like that. Unfortunately that's the last time I'll be staying at the Luxor.
3	stayed for 7 days. Booked by Travelocity.When we aproached the Luxor we where amazed at the sheer size of of the piramid. The hotel was nicely themed, and there was plenty of things to do inside the casino while we where there. Check in was painless and less than 5minutes, however when we approached the counter we discovered that the room with the king sized bed we asked for 1month ahead of time was no possible for us. Her only excuse was that it was the holiday weekend and rooms fill up quickly and that I booked through a 3rd party. This is unacceptable! I am a guest like any other guest and we where promised something by one of their representatives and was not delivered instead we received a pyramid room with two queens how romantic.Despite the problem with the room our stay wasn't horrible, our room had a decent view sitting on either the spa or the adjacent room. In our pyramid spa room. Bathroom was great, shower was big. Room had 2 AC units 1 was somewhat broken but did not really make that much of a difrence. The casino was more or less the same as the others nothing really special. The cathouse club was really fun to dance in, themed like a brothel. The buffet in the Luxor wasn't all that great we visited a bunch of hotels and and ate at their buffets and there are better elsewhere.We could not walk around the Luxor without being hounded by timeshare reps. These people really bring the atmosphere of the hotel down. If me and my girlfriend where living together and/or where 25 them maybe we could have participated in their offers. They where just a nuisance to us.The Luxor happens to be at the bottom of the strip near the Excalibur, MGM and NYNY right near the airport. We ended up getting the Deuce Bus pass more towards the end of our trip after having to walk up the strip so many times to see the Bellagio fountain show, the Gandola rides, the volcano show, visiting the flamingo to see their park inside the hotel, the circus circus to see the circus acts etc...While visiting the other hotels we found out why they where priced much higher, they where bigger, nicer, and closer to everything we wanted to see there where not any girls girls girls guys ANYWHERE near the streets on those hotels and there where no timeshare that hounded us. Don't get me wrong 55dollars a night for a room with a spa being right on the strip is great and had they not screwed me over on the room I would have rated this place higher but this was just my experience. Next time we go we'll be staying at another hotel but it would not bother me to stay at this one again if we had no other alternative.
3	Meh. Thats its just a meh. I had really high hopes for this place, it seems really cool on the outside and the casino is OK, but the rooms were just lame. I expected a lot better, the beds were uncomfortable, the rooms were boring the hotel staff was nice but nothing great. I stayed in the tower side and it seemed like a really long walk to the casino. I dont have anything horrible to say just meh.
2	Motel 6 with a broken down elevator. No wifi, food sucked and everything was way overpriced. WAY overpriced. The bed was comfortable. The pillows were not. The air conditioner doesn't have a thermostat in the wall. Way way outdated rooms. 25 inch tv?????  Look elsewhere.  Oh yeah, there's not enough parking for the guests let alone casino visitors.  had to park 6 gazillion miles away every time and mostly on top of the garage in the sun.  Bellagio was VERY nice, but I imagine you're gonna pay for it.
3	This review is just for the roomsFor just a standard room on the west tower, it was ok. The bathroom was spacious with a tub and shower. The lighting in the room was so poorly lit, I'm not sure what kind of feeling they were going for but I definitely wanted better lighting, and I didn't like having to go to the bathroom every time I needed extra light. Nothing too special about this place, I definitely would consider somewhere else to stay when in Vegas.
4	I purchses this package trip to LV and the hotel was Luxor.  Well.......after reading all the reviews I was worried that my experience at this hotel was going to be awful.But, I actually had a nice hotel room at the East Tower 5th floor with a kingsize bed.  It was very quiet at night and our room was always made before we got back in the afternoon.  So, our hotel room was actually great and we slept very well each night.  We did tip the maid each day $3. and our room was well stocked and made. I can say that even though there were so many people at the hotel, it was not as crazy or crowded with people like the bigger hotels such as the Bellegio, Harrah's, Ceasar's, MGM....those hotels were too maddenly and too much people.The elevators needed your room key to access your floor, which I feel is good minium security.  1 elevator at the end wouldn't accept our room key, so when that one opened, we just waited for another elevator.Walking through Luxor is such a maze and constantly getting lost the 1st couple of days, but after our 3 day, we figured it out, but was leaving to go back home.they charge a resort fee of $12.95 for you to have internet access, free newspaper, access to gym, and something else.   This fee is mandatory and you get it added on to your bill.  Quite a lot of the hotels charge this.    I just heard on the TV news that Treasure Island plans to eliminate this fee.  I think this is high, but many hotels, car rentals, charge some extra fee.Luxor does offer to print complimentry airplane check in boarding pass for you.  I went downstairs to the business room and they told me this.  This business room is separate from Luxor and privately owned.If you want some great pictures go to the tram where it takes you to the Manalay and Excalibur.  You can see the front of the hotel and it's quite impressive.  There was an incident with my party and the hotel staff manager was very nice and helpful.  He made it a point to see that the rest of our stay was an enjoyable one.So, my experience at the hotel was positive and the room and staff were good.     This is not a high end hotel, but in the middle and we found everything to be good.  It seems that people either have very high high expectations or they don't want to spend $$$ to stay at the Wynn, Bellegio, etc. yet want that experience.  Luxor is not high end, but they are decent middle of the road hotel.  I found the accomodations and everything else satisfactory.If you want to avoid walking on LV Blvd.  You can walk through to the Excalibur and walk through New York New York .  From there you can get to the MGM hotel.  Or you can go out and walk a block into Monte Carlo, take a tram to City Center and  Belligio.The self parking lot spaces were sufficient, but parking was always full and hard to find.  It makes not not want to go out alot bc you will have a tough time finding a parking space......at least in the covered parking lot.  I didn't want to go to the roof level, so maybe there's more parking there.I would recommend the Luxor hotel.
3	Let me start off by saying that it's fine to stay here. I only gave it 3 stars because there are better places, but they usually cost a lot more. We stayed in a spa suite that was pretty nice for around $89/night. The room is large and has a main bed/TV/hot tub area. The other room is a kind of worthless as it's just a couch, another TV, and a window. We used it for storing our clothes. The hot tub area was kind of bland, but it worked fine. I guess it officially has room for 4, but it wasn't very big if you stretched out. The lighting in the room was horrible. The whole hotel was lit the same, so it must be a theme. It wouldn't take much effort to switch to 100w bulbs. The view out our window faced the Excalibur, I wish it would have been over the pool instead. It still looked awesome at night. Room keys were hit or miss, sometimes they worked and sometimes they didn't. Even the housekeeper's key didn't work every time. The pool was nice, and some girls were getting quite rambunctious on Sunday evening. Carrot Top (awesome!), LAX and the Cathouse are downstairs, along with Tacos and Tequilas (also good). We had a great time, and the price was perfect, knowing that we weren't going to be spending a lot of time in the room. The elevators were fine for us, and didn't seem slow to get to the 21st floor. It does feel weird to go up at a 45 degree angle instead of straight up.
2	WARNING: If you have booked a room here online make sure you call them in advance to confirm.Sound bizarre? I thought so too. My boyfriend and I  turned up after I had payed online for a room in the pyramid, exhausted and smelly from our road trip only to be to told that the king size room in the pyramids were overbooked and that we could either have a room with two queens and switch the next night, or stay in one of the towers. We opted for the latter choice, too tired and in need of a shower to argue the c**k-and-bull story (pardon the language) the guy was giving us that even though we had payed for the room online we hadn't call to confirm or something along those lines.I have never heard of anything like this before. Apart from that, the room we got was nice enough, although there was no mini-fridge or safe- although there is a place close to reception you can lock up any valuables you may have with you.The hotel has what you expect in Vegas, lots of slots and tables, as well as shops and it connects with Madalay Bay and Excalibur.The pools were crowded (no surprise there) but pleasant to jump into.As far as prices go it is affordable. I signed up online for their email list prior to booking and got a small discount. It's not like we spent much time in our hotel room so we didn't really care about not getting the one we originally booked- I just found their response bizarre.Nevertheless I can now tell my future grandchildren that I stayed in a Pyramid. Almost.
1	I went on priceline and got a room for dirty cheap.  I was excited because of the right price.  However, let me share with everyone that you get what you pay for.  The room was a standard room...nothing out of the ordinary.  I did notice that the ironing board had no cover and it was just a ironing board with a flimsy pad on top.  Ghetto!  I also woke up the next morning and I saw dried blood on the sheet.  I thought I might have had a cut on my leg but I didn't.  That blood was not mine!  I hope those were clean sheets but still, if there was blood on the sheets, the cleaning crew should have thrown out the sheets out.  The buffet was really disappointing with less than stellar food.  The quality of food there was low.  So overall, I would never recommend the Luxor to anyone.  I will never stay here again.
2	Luxor was definitely not the place to stay in Vegas. The room was horrible; it smelled awful right when we walked in and the carpet was moist from the air conditoner. On top of this the windows do not open so the smell was difficult to get out. The room it's self was dingy and very out dated. Although Luxor was once a good hotel, it has gone down in quality and I would not reccomend it unless all you are looking for is a place to leave your stuff during your Vegas vacation
4	I, personally, really loved the Luxor. My husband and I stayed there for my birthday last year and had a great time. The staff was very kind and courteous. Check-in took no time at all!We stayed in one of the towers and the view was amazing! Our room was gorgeous and very clean. The hotel took some getting use to, navigation wise. I got lost a couple of times, but by the end figured out where I was. Dining, of course, is a bit expensive but that's expected on the Strip. The only thing I didn't like was that the Starbuck's inside it closed pretty early and opened later than I expected.
3	Not the greatest, but not bad, especially the tower rooms which are newer. The layout means that you are going to walk a lot from the parking lot to the rooms.
3	We stayed here last weekend and overall enjoyed the experience. The Luxor has a decent Casino with plenty of slots and tables, several bars restaurants and clubs, and a nice pool. Make sure you stay in the tower rooms and not the pyramid - I opted for the latter and found the rooms a little small and outdated.
4	(Disclaimer: This is a review of Luxor's pool, not the hotel/casino).Most pools in vegas require either a paid admission or confirmation (room key) of residence at that particular location, and luxor is no different. However me and the gf feel as LV residents we should be afforded the right to enjoy a pool every now and then without providing either.... enter luxor... huh? let me explain: Somehow we keep entering in the wrong door and walking right into the pool area, and i have no idea how it happens. it just does. The pools arent huge, but they are large enough that you can be comfortable. Drinks are flowing and music is blasting on the loudspeakers (this pool is not a 21 and over pool as there were kids there). all in all it was a good way to kill a few hours on a lazy sunday afternoon.
1	My company hosted a conference here because, well, it's dirt cheap. Emphasis on the dirt. The conference rooms are fine but I made the mistake of actually staying here overnight.Gross. Nothing is clean here. Even after the maid comes, the entire room still feels dingy. Maybe because this resort is a million years old... maybe because of the bad low lighting. But between the sketchy bathrooms, paper thin walls and broke kids that pay their $39/night and smash 15 people into their rooms while getting s-faced on their brought-from-home liquor (you know, because they're too cheap to afford the drinks in Vegas) - the Luxor is a nightmare.Expanding on that point, there seems to be 2 types of people that come to the Luxor: 18-21 year olds and the Elderly. Which always makes for such a fun experience particularly when you're here on business. Honestly though, if you need an affordable place to stay on strip, try TI. It's not much to look at on the outside but I'm pretty sure you won't catch anything staying in their rooms.
4	We stayed at the Luxor in Aug 2010. I had stayed there before, but not in  awhile.  Went onto Yelp and other websites to check reviews and was a little worried because they were so awful, but I figured, eh, we're only staying one night. The location was great as we were going so my kids could see Criss Angell show.Hotel:Considering we only paid $50 for the room, it was really good!  Our room was clean.  Check in was quick and easy.  Although check in was a 3pm, we were early (about 1pm) and we were able to get into the room right away. Which was great! (We stayed at Monte Carlo a couple of years before and didn't get a room until 6pm, even though we arrived at 11am).  The bell desk brought up our bags quickly and efficiently.  Housekeeping also quickly brought up extra supplies for us.The beds were a little on the soft side, could have been better, but again, we only paid $50 for the room.The casino was not smoky and/or crowded.Pool Area:The pool area was nice. It was clean and not crowded at all (during the summer the pools get bad). There weren't enough chairs to go around, but oh well.  The majority of the people were tanning, (that is why the pool wasn't crowded).  You do have to show your room key, just flashing the key to the attendant was enough.Check-out was fast and easy. No complaints there.For a quick up and back, one night trip, this was a good hotel.
3	The casino and pool are great.  Not too smoky and the clientelle is not the undesireables you find at Planet Hollywood.  The room, however, in the pyramid was old and smelled of smoke.  The cable for the internet was behind the TV and had to stretch to make it to the desk.  It was elevated about 2 feet off the floor to make it all the way over to the desk.  The bed looked way past its 20 year life expectancy.  The thin sheet-like bedspread was white, so at least you knew it was clean.  The bathroom was recently remodeled but the shower floor was plastic rather than the travertine tile to match the walls.  Granite counter.  I hear that the rooms in the towers are newer and nicer.  Stay there.  Wished I had stayed somewhere else on the strip for this price.
4	the hotel and the rooms are beautiful!i just love the feeling of staing at a hotel, and this place makes me love it more...and the rooms arent too pricy either. Ive stayed here maybe 3 times and ive never had a bad experince.the buffets okay, but their Brunch is prob my favorite on the strip...and the pool is huge, i think it was newly remodeled though
2	If you're gonna stay here make sure you stay at the "non-smoking" room. they don't give a rat's ass for smokers. the only reason why i got a smoking room is i wanted to smoke hookah in my room. the smoking side is so ghetto the walls are scratched up from the house keeping carts. the roof of the titanic/body exhibits has lots of trash in it, sometimes even bags of trash that you'll see once you step out your room. a huge difference when i compared it to my brother's room. where he stayed at, the walls were well kept, the room was super nice. he had the view of the pool. they need to remodel this hotel. it's one of the most iconic hotels in Las Vegas. Imhotep should come and resurrect this damn hotel. the only good thing about it is that it's connected to both Mandalay Bay and Excalibur so you don't have to get out and suffer the heat.oh one last thing they do an alright job cleaning your room. i stayed for 3 nights and 4 days and they cleaned my room twice. go figure
4	Though very well known and fairly large, the Luxor is not one of the flashy Las Vegas hotels. It just isn't in the same category as places such as Caesars, Treasure Island or even Mandalay Bay. And, someone staying there should know to except subpar conditions given the comparatively lower prices. So, my review is from the perspective that the room was MUCH cheaper than any other room I could find in Las Vegas ON the strip. The hotel is towards the end of the strip on an angle which made figuring out where we were a little difficult. However, they had a nice free tram that went from Mandalay Bay to Luxor to the Excalibur that was very convenient. The casino was wasn't too big and offered your standard slots. The cheapest table limits were $10 during the day. They had plenty of clubs, bars, restaurants and even a food court inside. No need to go anywhere else really. Pro:Great layoutNice slots and plenty of tables Music from the main lounge played throughout the hotel Shuttle service to the airport  Rooms are very affordable Con: The room was musty smellingThe hallways did not look very clean Was not aware until check in of a $14 per day service charge for internet, gym access etc (not optional) Internet did not work the entire 4 days we were there. Sales calls message left daily on our phone
3	Rooms are old and dingy. Stuff was broken in my room but they fixed it in a day. Crappy TV, no Wi-Fi - have to use a long lan cable. Casino is ok, some low limit tables which I like. Some decent clubs in the hotel. One of the decent cheaper hotels.
4	Fun hotel. The restaurants were good the tables were friendly. I play 21 my wife plays the slots we enjoyed our stay. Did not hit any of te nightclubs. We were in the east tower and enjoyed the room. Can not wait to go back!
2	Like everyone has said, it's an okay hotel. It's not the best. It's too far from the Strips, since this is second hotel where the strip begins. Hotel itself looks sexy. But that elevator scared the shit outta me. Seriously, going sideways, that was something. Casino was fun. Overall rate of the room, I'd give four star; nice and clean, smelled great, loved the restroom. The reason this place gets two stars is because of the buffet. I paid 30 dollars for a whole-day all you can eat deal. I mean 30 bucks, that's cheap, but the quality of the food... I'd rather just eat PandaExpress. If you ever stay in Luxor, enjoy the casino, the room, and pool, but go eat somewhere else. Never enter the buffet!!
1	What a sad sad rating for my beloved Luxor. This used to be the ONLY hotel I wanted to stay at. Now, I'm sad to say that I will never stay at Luxor again. Not only are the rooms super super outdated, the customer service is horrible, and I realize that Luxor is pretty far away from the action on the strip. We stayed 1 night and checked out early. Totally disappointed in the hotel.BTW, we made it known that we were unhappy with our 2 double beds instead of a king bed (and I know we checked in late, but I called 30 minutes earlier and they confirmed I had a king non smoking). No one at the front desk offered us anything! Not an, "I'm sorry, here's a free pass to the club, here's 10% discount on the room, here's a 10% on the buffet..." Not a thing! This is really the whole reason why we left early. I think if someone had said something, we would have stayed. With that rant out of the way, I do have to mention Jason from the cafe- I found him in the hallway and told him about the situation and he walked us up to the front desk counter to see if anything could be done (nothing), and then he comp'ed us a dessert at the cafe afterwards.
3	We stayed here in the Spa Suites. Was pretty nice, with lots of space never felt cramped even when we had 8 people come over. The rooms were generally kept clean I do notice stains on the carpet. They need to upgrade their TVs to plasma, although they have two TVs in the room.The hotel itself is layed out a bit strange and at times its difficult to navigate. Theres an upstairs level with the food court and several other attractions but to get up to the 2nd floor isnt so convenient sometimes when you are coming from a corner room. This place is a place for smokers so expect a lot of smoke coming from the hotel. Also I suggest getting a cab if you want to go anywhere, being on the edge of the strip makes it difficult to walk.I would probably not come back, but not because I dont like it, but rather I want to try other hotels out.
3	Decent place to stay and gamble.
5	Kim at the registration is AWESOME!!!!  I had a slight issue with my stay but she and her colleagues really worked to try to fix the situation!  Management was very accommodating and understanding!  I totally appreciate the service!
1	Staying here was godawful.  Stay far far far away.  But stop by to see Carrot Top :)
1	Three years ago I stayed at the Luxor and dubbed it my favorite and only hotel i wanted to stay at. I recently stayed at the luxor, and was disappointed. My boyfriend and I got the suite with the Jacuzzi. We paid for a suite with a king sized bed. When we went to our room we were dissapointed because the woman at the front desk said for sure our room had a king sized bed, there were two full size beds... Once we settled into our room we started noticing the little things. The Jacuzzi is uncomfortable and very out dated, there was clear water damage that happened in the room. We could see a line on the lower part of the wall that signalled water damage. To get into our room we had to shimmy the door handle to make it open after putting the card in. We saw the Fantasy show and it was a good show, not great but good, the girls really seem to enjoy their jobs which made it good. I dont know why a place would want Carrot top....Dumb decision!! We only stayed on night gladly. We went to the RIO for the rest of the trip. The RIO even for the cheapest room is VERY nice!!! Best cheap place, 50 times better and cleaner than the Luxor. GO to the RIO!!
2	On a road trip, my boyfriend and I ended up a day early in Las Vegas and didn't have a place to stay. In Naming Our Own Price and Saving (priceline, duh), we were able to secure a room at the Luxor for $39 -- especially nice since Leo doesn't believe in paying for rooms in LV. We arrived and got a room in the pyramid, which is a nice novelty to say we've done. But the room is definitely outdated. I'm sure it would have been totally super cool in 1993, when the pyramid was built and was the tallest building on the strip (according to my Foursquare message from the History Channel). Now, however, the hieroglyphics on the closet don't make up for what the room lacks. Typical LV hotel essentials -- a safe and a luggage -- were missing. But the room did come with something extra-special. The PLU sticker from a mango was found on the bathroom floor. We felt so special to receive such thorough cleaning. A definite plus was the fitness room, which had enough quality cardio equipment to go around. I can't speak to the quality of the weights, but I appreciate the amount of space provided.
2	Ok, fricken A after staying here I really wish I was at Planet Hollywood again! All of the rooms in the towers are exactly the same, EXACTLY, and their security teams are super rude. I was hanging out with some buddies at the closed starbucks and two security guards stopped and told us that it was a closed area, and we had just ordered a latte or two and stayed after it closed.... The place smells more than other casinos and the video slot machines aren't as good as a lot of the others further down the strip, or even at their sister casino MGM. LAX (the club) is poorly designed (check out my review) and their dress code is way to strict for a place that's average room stay cost $45. Walk to Mandalay and check out the clubs there, much better. If you're looking for a cheap place to stay, move closer to the middle of the strip OR go further off strip, just not here.The only redeeming factor is they have a McDonalds in their food court with the Dollar menu.
1	Possibly the Worst "Luxury" Hotel on the entire West Coast. The only shining star was the maid service!!! I can't say enough good things about her (luckily I had the same maid every day for an entire week and she was great)!!! I can't speak for the rest of their maids because a lot of the common areas were flithy (like on the other side of the hotel) but our maid was fantastic and my girl was being very difficult. I in no way endorse the Luxor, I think I just got lucky and was serviced by their ONE good employee, besides I had what they consider to a "suite" and I tipped her nicely every day.
1	Gross.You'd think with the money they pull in they'd have the funds to at least keep up the place...honestly it's not that hard, 5 minutes cleaning an area every other couple hours does wonders. if I could do it during my drunk college years for free, then I don't understand why the mafia infused money grubbing pricks of sin city can't.If you continue to want my money, grow some self respect and learn how to keep the place up to standards, until then, eff off or go broke, turds.
1	My girl made the mistake of booking a room here a few weeks ago cuz her friend was getting married here.  It's terrible here.  Don't stay at this shitty hotel because:1. The stupidass elevator that goes up diagonally shakes, a lot. 2. Taco trucks have provided me better customer service.3. At some point in your stay, you'll have to decide if you want to claim blood, cuzz, or la eme. 4. The rooms are dark, depressing, and dingy.  5. For just a few extra bucks you can stay somewhere nicer. After we checked into our disappointing room, we immediately advised front desk we were going to check out right away because of the poor condition it was in.  Front desk advised they would waive the room fee for the night if we checked out.  We did so, yet they still charged our credit card.  We ended up staying at the MGM for just a little bit more.
3	If you want to stay on the strip and you're on a budget this is the perfect place.  It is definitely the most bang for the buck.  The rooms are nice, there is a free train that connects to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur.  It is connected inside to the hotels as well so you don't ever have to take a step outside and melt to enjoy fine dining and shopping.
1	Water damage. Black mold. fans don't work. High price for everything in this condition.. The idea was fun.... they need a serious renovation. I would had asked for another room but I talked to 2 other groups who were doing just that. I suspected the same thing. We had maintenance some in they said there was no leak. And the water was normal. Wha? They come up and sucked up some of the water and  left.. I do not recommend this place unless they overhaul it big time
2	My stay here was just so so.   BAD late night food/service at Pyramid restaurant and the More buffet was just ok.  My room was a suite in the east tower and had: old and small televisions, shower drain broken, no floor mats(slippery floors), and elavator buttons to my floor would not work all the time.I will not stay here again :-(
3	I'm not a huge fan of the Luxor, but would suggest it to people who aren't looking for anything special and need to save a bit on the room in order to spend more elsewhere in Vegas.First -- I think the location sucks. The only thing further south on the strip is the Mandalay Bay and there is nothing at this property to keep a person inside the property --- this means lots of walking or cabs. When I stayed here in February I was given an automatic upgrade to one of their Tower Deluxe rooms. This had both advantages and disadvantages. I was impressed with the bathroom. It was very large and the seperate tub/shower was a nice feature. It would have been nice to have used the whirlpool tub, too, but the jets didn't look clean and I wasn't about to risk it. The disadvantage was the distance from everything. The "towers" are back behind and off to the side of the Pyramid -- it was a bit of a hike to get back to their elevators (but they did have their own seperate check-out which avoided having to spend any time in the lines at departure.)The room itsself was... moderate. It reminded me of a Best Western but instead of above bed paintings of some random barn or lake... there were Egyptian decorations. The bed wasn't great and the comforter felt like it was circa 1985 Motel 6 style.The casino is "under" the property which made it a little smokier than some of the others --- I'm a smoker, so it didn't bother me, but I was able to notice the difference in the air if that's saying anything.Bottom line, if you're looking for a place to crash and not spend lots of time in, and don't mind walking... Luxor isn't a bad choice. Otherwise.. move up the strip a little and get something nicer.
2	This is one of the hotels that's farthest south on the strip. If you are planning on staying here then expect to drive a lot to the other hotels, because you will not want to stay here. Yes the casino can be fun at times, but there wasn't anything really special. My parents stayed here about a year ago, and they decided to leave right away bcause they weren't happy with it. They said it was moderate, and was definitely  wanted an upgrade.  Also, they don't have good late night food service, but their diner during the morning was delicious! I ate there a couple of times, and even wanted to stay for lunch one day.Anyway, if you are looking for a cheap room and don't have a problem with it being on the beginning of the strip, then stay here. Otherwise I  would recommend staying somewhere deeper in the Vegas Strip. (You might have to spend more money, but you will be happier with the amount of time you save walking or driving somewhere.
1	Stop! whats the point of this Hotel? Yes, its on the strip and connected to the Mandalay Bay by a tram... but other then that, I don't see any value to it. It is a sad reminder of Vegas' attempts in the 80's and 90's to lure "families" to Vegas. I am thankful that era is long gone... why we still have the Luxor, Excalibur and Treasure Island is beyond me. I guess that is why you can get rooms for $49 and enjoy gambling with displaced tourists from the Mid West and Florida.
3	This hotel is definitely a three star. The highlights? An elevator that goes diagonally up and down, the chance to stay in a pyramid and easily one of the most recognizable hotel/casino combos in Vagas, the view (dependent on your room) and finally the price was good for being on the strip (we even got a free dinner with it). The lows? It's on the far end of the strip so everything is a good walk away, all the decor seems kind of cheap up close (can't tell in a photo though!), the casino isn't really the nicest either and lastly the buffet there isn't as good tasting as some of the other comparably priced buffets in the other hotels.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better." As in, I've experienced LUXOR better a few years ago! There are too many elevators in weird not-obvious places to get to your room. Rooms need a fresh coat of paint and an update on the decor and the TVs are from 1995. Rusty bathroom fixtures and water-stained curtains. And the iron was a piece of shit that leaked smelly water all over the place. When we finally got it working, it took two hands: one to hold down the steam button and one to iron. So naturally, one shirt took close to 30 minutes to complete. Also, room service is not nice enough (most places, but apparently not Luxor, justify the extra $ you pay for the service by providing really good ingredients in their meals). On the plus side, the water pressure in the shower is STRONG. I could stay in there all day.
1	Be advised - reservations are not reservations - they are merely a suggestion..I had booked a non-smoking room in the tower only to find out upon check in that they did not have the room that I'd booked.  The reservation means nothing if they've already put people in the hotel rooms you've 'reserved'.  I had heard people say that the Luxor was a dump, but I had no idea how bad that could actually be. I guess we should have been grateful that we got a non-smoking room in the old part of the hotel.  Now when I say old part of the hotel, I mean the one where you can see the vomit stains in the hallway carpet.  The inside cavern of the hotel reeks of cigarette smoke, is extremely aged and filthy.  I wouldn't recommend that *anyone* stay here even if the rooms were FREE. CiscoLive had a "special" rate of $119  the first night & $79 each following night, and I'm seeing that this place books for peanuts through expedia/priceline so I'm kinda curious how this rate was a "special" rate - other than it was double what most of the other hotel "occupants" were paying (and were 5 people to a room!)The *best* part of the stay was when I left the hotel parking lot and realized I was behind a Luxor gypsy laundry truck piled high with comforters: http://twitpic.com/21jxcq  Does it matter if the bedding gets washed & cleaned if it is returned to the hotel in the same vehicle?!
4	Luxor was home for me for 7 days on my first trip ever to Vegas and I was very pleased with the spot. Everything turned out well, I booked the hotel through the Luxor website itself since it gave me the best price and I felt more comfortable that I would have no problem with my reservation if I booked directly with the hotel. It's a short drive from the airport, 10-12 minutes. I wanted to stay right on the strip and the there were convenient public bus drop offs to and from the strip right next to the hotel which made getting to and from places a snap! Rooms were left impeccable every morning by the staff. The internet was actually very good and it is free and unlimited. It's not wireless so look for the ethernet cable behind your TV. Downstairs you got Tacos and Tequila, shops, Nathans, like three Starbucks. McDonalds, a deli, ect. Enough options for a pharaoh. The pool was so nice to be at, a little cold for my taste though, which made the jacuzzi that much more appealing. The gym was large and not many people in it,s o if you want to break a sweat, bring your gym shorts because they're plenty of workouts you can do here!
4	I've stayed here several times, but this time I sprung for a sweet suite, and I LOVED it. The tower luxury suite was spacious, came with a wet bar, fridge, coffee maker, table, living room set up, king size bed, a ton of clean towels, jacuzzi tub and walk in shower, two tvs.... well worth it when you spend a lot of time in the hotel room. The bus stops in front, you can ride the free tram to Mandalay and Excalibur, and there's an onslaught of jaded taxi drivers willing to take you to the cooler hotels if you need some classiness. But seriously consider a tower suite if you're wanting some bang for your buck. Jamie Lee Curtis stayed there. We walked so close to her, if I had reached over to touch her I bet her security team would have been able to break my arm.
3	The hotel was ok and I totally bombed at the casino ;-(
3	We stayed at the Luxor for 4 nights. The hotel is located slightly away from the center of the strip but thought it was still in a great location.  We were in the pyramid portion of the hotel - our room was a Pyramid Deluxe which was a nice size. Then again, we also only had one king instead of 2 queen beds. The bed was really comfortable too!! In addition to the bed there were 2 night stands, vanity, circular table with two chairs, an over-sized chair, TV with armoire and high speed internet connections (not wifi). The room was clean, bathroom had a big shower as well as lotion, shampoo, conditioner, body wash and a hair dryer. For those that need it, there was a ironing board and iron. We wish a mini fridge and microwave came standard but other than that, we thought the room was great. The room also had adjustable ac/heat so that was real nice.  FYI: Upon check-in, the room we had requested in advance w/ a king was not available so we had to check back the next day (we arrived at about 7pm Monday).  They were able to accomodate us to what had been requested, just had to be patient . We requested a bell man to come and assist with the move of our baggage, which worked out perfectly because he knew exactly where the room was and what elevator to take.Unfortunately, we did not find the food all that great in the hotel. Starbucks only goes so far *lol* The swimming pools were refreshing, hot tub was hot. All in all, we didn't find the Luxor as bad as we had read in other reviews (on TripAdvisor) so that was a pleasant surprise as I was nervous until we saw first hand. Did not spend much time in the Casino portion but found the filtering out of cigarette smoke pretty good.  The individuals trying to get people to sign up for timeshares w/ the ploy of free shows got old but after a day or so they stopped pestering us. Check out was easy, many options but we checked out via the TV.  Great idea.
1	Two words: NEVER AGAIN.Actually, I take that back.  Why stop there?  Let me elaborate for just a bit.I really expected more.  The rooms are bleh...serious renovations needed ASAP - very outdated, uncomfortable beds, and just overall unimpressive.  The clubs, lounges, and eateries in the hotel are just as unappealing.  The location is another negative.  Taxi cab rides to all the places we wanted to go were at least $20 each way.  For the rate of less than $100 a night, you get what you pay for.  This was a last minute trip and my friends wanted to make it a cheap, quick, end-of-the-summer getaway.  I would have never considered this hotel, but majority ruled and we unfortunately booked at a hotel that is 1 step up from a Motel 6.  **Note to self: if no one is willing to spend on a decent room, then why go to Vegas anyway?  There are other places that require less money to burn.  Just sayin.The trip itself was a lot of fun, but the accommodations were all BAD.  TIP for all you Vegas goers: choose a nicer, quality hotel in the midst of the spots you plan to hit.  The stay will be more pleasant AND you won't have to spend too much on cab rides.  BUT, if you are looking for a cheap place to stay ON the strip and you aren't picky about the hotel/room conditions then this is it.
2	I stayed in the tower and the room was just OK. I was in Las Vegas for a conference at Mandalay Bay, and it was pretty easy to walk from the Luxor to the conference (about 10 minutes, but it was all indoors, so it was cool). The hotel doesn't have WiFi (even though the woman at the front desk assured me they did), but they do have an ethernet cord that comes out from behind the TV. It's "free" but that's only because it's included in the $12.95 Resort Fee that everyone gets charged each day of their stay. The TV was small and old. Most hotels I've stayed at have upgraded their TVs in the past 10 years. A lot of the room hadn't been updated in a while. The bed was fine. The room wasn't dirty, just worn out. But, for $100/night, I wanted more. The location is decent (technically on the strip), but not great. If you want to be in the middle of the strip, stay at Planet Hollywood or something.
4	I recently attended the BlogWorld Conference in Vegas and needed a place to stay that was reasonably close to the hosting hotel (Mandalay Bay). I ended up at the Luxor and, despite what a lot of people on the page are saying, it's actually a pretty sweet place.Yeah, it's showing its age. That happens. It's called aging. I can forgive that kind of stuff when the staff makes up for it - and the Luxor staff treated me like a pampered prince, festooned with gems and rare rubies. It was my first time in Vegas, and the woman at the counter was extremely polite while answering my inane questions about the area. Something as simple as that totally made me relax to the max.The room was a hotel room. Nothing too fancy (considering I paid less than $100 a night) but nothing alarming. My bed was soft and my shower was hot. Dreamy!I'll agree with everyone else that wifi is sorely needed. The ethernet jack was helpful, but it would have been nice to not have a big cord to step over as I moved around the room. In short, it's a well-priced place to stay if you want to rock Vegas and save a few dimes. Will likely stay there again in a few months when I roll back for another conference. P.S.I stayed in the West Tower. While it would have been boss to stay in the Pyramid, I heard the rooms are better in the Towers.
2	The first time I stayed/gambled at the Luxor was back in the mid-90s a few years after it had first opened when it was all Egyptian themed. Now it's just plain, nondescript, and no fun. It felt like it was under construction with plain white drywall. Only stayed for about a half hour before returning to the Mandalay Bay Casino.  The walkway between the two casinos is very nice.
2	Okay, I was a fool for neglecting the poor reviews on yelp before booking the luxor. It was a true disappointment in service.Location: **I've stayed at the bellagio and bally's in my past stays in vegas. They were prime locations, right smack dead in the center of the strip. The Luxor is on the wayside of the strip. Don't want a costly hotel bill? Well think again because your taxi expense will shoot straight up faster than you can say, damn shit luxor you screwed me over. mhm. Service: **Checking in was a complete pain. The service agent was rude, impatient and a bit condescending. Well lady, screw you. ( i know i'm chicken shit, since i can't say it in front of her face... -__-)**Me and my friends requested extra towels and they remarkably arrived at 11pm, mind you we ordered them around 4pm. Luckily we were already trashed as shit and tired from the lack of sleep the night before.**Our room keys were somehow left inside our room, which was extremely frustrating esp. when it's @ 4am after a night of raging. The front desk was no help, they directed us to wait by the elevator for security, we waited 30 minutes and no one came. So we went back to the front desk, and some pleasant worker was able to provide us with new room keys. Room: **we had a room in the pyramid and it was pretty cool. Typical hotel room. Clean and spacious. Although, these rooms are like an oven. With the exterior of the building being all black and slanted, the head permeates though the glass and is trapped in your room. If you're there in the summer, blast the AC, and close the curtins, or you'll bake.. -____-Pool:** Nice a sunny, no buildings casting a shadow over my GTL time. Huge area with a lot of seating to accommodate their other foolish guests.Attractions:Titanic Exhibit and Bodies Exhibit were stationed here during my visit. It def. an unforgettable experience, and a must see to everyone who is in vegas. (plus 1star)It was truly a bitter experience at the luxor, I don't ever want to stay on the wayside of the strip again. Esp. when service on this end sucks and frankly, nothing is really happening over here except for... well you and your guest. haha
2	I stayed at the Luxor Hotel and it is showing its age. The plumbing system was very noisey and the drapes were stained. The price is great for the strip however, I would rather pay more to have something nice.
3	First time staying at the Luxor and after reading some reviews and what friends told me we decided to stay in the West Tower and thankfully at check in there was a room available.  The room was quite spacious and enough room for 4 people with a HUGE bathroom :)  However, the lighting overall was rather dim (some say mood lighting) but I didn't like it and make it hard to apply makeup at night.  We switched on ALL the lights and still felt too dim.Another odd thing was the hallway to our room was HOT and felt like I was really in Egypt?!?!  But everywhere else the air was on...I wouldn't mind staying here again.
3	The Luxor Hotel was recommended as a 4 start hotel and I think that is a bit of a stretch. The rooms need updating and while clean enough, my biggest issue is the thin towels that don't hold water and only 2 bath towels per room and no bath mat. We used a hand towel as our bath mat.Also, 4 star hotels don't have 1 ply toilet tissue. And the elevator system is a challenge. Not the easiest place to navigate. Since the hotel is shaped like a pyramid we couldn't see out our windows and the TV was old and in a state of disrepair.The coffee shop was good, not a large selection, but still good food and the waitresses were very nice. With so many options available in Vegas, I'm not sure I would go back here again.
4	Heck for a free room.. who can complain... we get the free upgrade to the tower room... tub is a little small... have stayed in the pyramid before... I find their rooms, good enuf...
3	Not as bad as everyone says it is.  The rooms were clean, except for the bathroom door.  It looked like the last people who stayed here kicked it a few times.  I only used my room to take naps and shower anyway, so it's not that serious.The casino was great though.  I love how I could just wonder around for hours and find stuff to do.  Somehow, no matter how much I drank, or how lost I got, all roads seemed to point back to the Luxor.  What's up with the hostess though?  They were all well-aged.
1	Looked forward to stay until we were presented with mandatory resort fee at checkin for phone, internet access, gym etc.  Then we found out the pool was closed for the season. This hotel is a JOKE!  You're better off applying the money to a more expensive hotel because this hotel is a waste.  In addition it is dark, rundown, and it needs a major makeover.  The elevators are torn up, the lobby rug is filthy.  It is truly resting on its laurels and the lack of care shows. Also the pool was closed for the season and guests including myself showed up to just see a "pool closed" sign. We all approached the registration desk to find out it was closed for the season. This was very sneaky since we were told at checkin that we had access to the pool. Stay away from this hotel.
1	Beautiful to look at from the outside, the lobby and gaming area have been remodeled and they do look nice....booked my room online as prices are lower online, arrived 10pm first thing as we came through the door was a group of annoying sales people, wanted to hook-us-up...how long are you here, do you like comedy, magic, or music we can give you tickets to the shows, if you take a tour of are time share, we give you money back to gamble and any show will cost you 25 per person. We had not even checked and felt like we were being feed to the lions. We continued to the front desk, where clerks were standing around and had to ask someone to come to the counter to check us in. We arrived at the room only to discover the last guest had smoked up a pot farm, it stunk.... the smoke was still floating in the air, the room was to have a tub and shower not a handicap shower with no curtain that you roll into. Called the front told them this was not going to work and we needed a regular room with tub and shower, and to please send a runner with the new keys for another room. It took well over an hour for someone to bring new keys so we could move. Even with the door open and using the room spray we travel the smell was horrible. Room number 2, again they put us in a hanidcap room this one did have a bathtub shallow with all the hanidcap rails a small roll in shower, it did not smell. Disappointed with the bed in both rooms, we have seen better beds and linens at best western and the tv in the huge armore was one of those 60.00$ tv's they sell at walmart, not what you would expect to see here, maybe motel 6. Understand staying in Las Vegas I did not plan on spending much time in my room, but what time I was there, I expect first class comfort not budget dump. Upon are return to the room it was time to take a hot bath, retire, and resume our adventure the next day. After my bath I pulled the plug to let the tub drain, only find the tub was draining and coming up the shower with my tub water and raw sewage quickly flooding the marble floor with black and brown stuff grabbing towels and blankets was able to stop it before it hit the carpet......Again called front desk asked to speak with the manager told him this room would not work we needed another room and to send someone for this mess. Manager advised no rooms left but he would put us in a new room after 11am said they would upgrade us to players suit at no charge. Took 1/2 for janitor to come with plunger, when he plunged the shower black and brown stuff now coming up the tub drain and the tolet over flowed with more sewage, he called for housekeeping to remove wet towels and blankets and she did a quick clean just enough to get the water off the floor but shower and tub still had black brown stuff smeared all around, was fine as it was 5am by the time they were finished, we just closed the bathroom door and went to sleep. Called at 11am spoke with different Manager was told our 3rd room was still not ready, I explained well we are hostage here as we cant use the bathroom and we need to move asap. At this point we are forced to use room service, as we cant wash up and eat a meal in one of the resturants till we have moved. 12:30 next call to Manager room is still not ready but they have another room they could send us to, would have been nice if the front desk or Manager could have called as they new we are waiting (more poor customer service) Well room 3 was a nice room as far as the bedding, linens, 42 inch flat screen but all of the rooms are tired/worn out, and if you want to use your laptop there is no wifi, the first 2 rooms have a cord located behind the tv which you pull across the room to plug into your pc, if you want to set on a table, your other option is to stand and hold your pc in front of the tv plug in and log on. omg you pay a 10.00 per day resort fee for 2 bottles of water, free internet and a newspaper one would think if would be wifi, If you stay here you have access to 2 other casinos via there tram, as we walked around all 3 of the casinos we were surprized to see most of the resturants are empty, some had 0 customers first reason is luxor, mandolay bay, and excalibur are priced 30 to 50% higher then if you eat further down the strip, 2nd they close up at 10pm unlike New York New York there resturants are open late and they even have specials that start after midnight. Last but not least one night as we headed back to our room we pass the front desk around 11pm they had one desk clerk and a line of 50 plus people who wanted to check in they have 30 counters to check yet with this line only One counter was open. mmmm go figure My ratings for this hotel
3	Luxor tends to have reasonable room rates. I have stayed at Luxor several times and they are just mediocre rooms. The inclined elevators are pretty neat, it travels up the side of the pyramid at a 39 degree angle. So you feel yourself slanting. I don't know, I like to get out of the norm and I get a kick out of this. The rooms in the pyramid are a little different from the other casinos. As soon as you walk out of your room there is a view of the actual casino down stairs. It's OK, it's a little different. The beds are not very comfortable, but it does the job if you're just looking for a place to sleep. It's a little far from the heart of the strip but it is definitely walking distance. Good casino to stay if you're on a budget.
5	Luxor still has it! The last couple of times we've gone to Vegas, we've stayed at Luxor because they have always been so nice and rooms have always been clean and cheap! This visit was the BEST YET! We went for my B-day and had reserved one of the Spa Suites, but when we checked in, the only one left was a smoking room one. ICK!!!The nice gentleman behind the counter took care of it and UPGRADED us to a PREMIUM Suite in the tower, a $600/night mega room that had a wetbar with fridge, 2 bathrooms, a living room, dinning table and separate bedroom with a king size bed and a GIANT bathroom with jet tub and shower! BEST 4 nights we ever had in Vegas!!!We did pretty good at the machines as well, I think we won around $500!Coffee shop could use some updating and lowering of prices!The Titanic exhibit was AWESOME!!!! And took my breath away seeing an actual large piece of the ship...We'll be back!!!!
3	Just went to Vegas for the first time last week and I had a blast! I went with a large group of friends to celebrate my husbands birthday and we booked the entire weekend at the Luxor (in the tower). Everyone except myself had been there previously and although I may not have other places to compare it to, I thought the hotel/casino was awesome!The architecture is great, the place is huge, there are tons of clubs, bars, restaurants, slot machines, stores, and anything else you would really need inside. The general store even has some good innexpensive souvenirs if you need any. Can't beat mark downs on items for only a buck or two!The hotel staff was friendly and helpful, we got an awesome deal on our rooms, and my one friend even got upgraded to the tower without any extra charges! The place is a bit tricky to navigate, but after one day, you get the hang of it.The only thing that was unfortunate is that the rooms look really nice, but the beds weren't that comfortable and the bath tub nob broke off while I was gently turning it off and the entire unit fell out, causing water to spray and not turn off. The repair guy came quickly and turned it off. Not sure if this is common, but I barely put any force on it. It was pretty funny after the fact, because it added a funny story to our trip. If you want a decent room for a good price, check this place out! It's connected to the tram, there's tons of stuff to do and good food to eat, and their breakfast/brunch place is really tasty (good prices too)! Just be careful with the tubs, lol .
3	So if you want to stay in a pyramid, this is the place to be.  I didn't like the fact that it took forever to get to our room.  We were placed on the very end of the hall and it doesn't help when you have to go through the long hallways and the maze to get to our "home" for 3 days.  I liked the hotel though.  Everything follows in a pattern to the Mandalay Bay hotel, but again, it's better off taking a walk on the strip to avoid the crazy crowds that can form in your way.  I liked the Cathouse and the Carrot Top show.  Carrot Top actually kind of freaked me out since he looked like he had plastic surgery done.  Twice!  The show was hilarious though.  Of course, we took advantage of the food court and the buffet while we were here.  It was good, but not the best.  They also offer coupons for places within the hotel, but not as many as MGM Grand.  Of course, you have no choice to pay for the water and newspaper fee if you stay here.  It includes 2 bottles of water and a newspaper to be delivered to your room.  We could of done without the paper since we don't even read a paper at home.  There was bottles of water for sale that was off the strip that we would of bought for way cheaper.  But hey, you can't expect to win big in Vegas if the hotels take all the money away from you prior to gambling.  We had an overall good time, but we'll stay somewhere else next time if we go back.
1	I stayed here for free through a players club promo.Goodness gracious- this place is janky. No amenities. Far from center strip and cool venues.Outdoor pool was kinda of disgusting and warm-- wth. Honestly, STAY AWAY FROM HERE. Better rooms elsewhere!
4	I can't believe the Yelp ranking for Luxor. Sure, this place is not as posh as a lot of the other places on the strip: Wynn, Paris, NYNY, Caesar's, Palms. However it's a big notch better than these places: Imperial Palace, Circus Circus, Excalibur, TI.It has a quality sportsbook, pool, and nightclub (LAX). Your room is in a pyramid, which is cool for novelty's sake. If you don't want to go spendy on a room, but want a decent place at a good location, this is my #1 hotel value pick on the Vegas strip.
1	Never. Again. I am so ashamed to admit that we just returned from our stay here but I am compelled to post my review of this shit hole. Luxor is so lame and sooooooo past it's prime. But i guess you do get what you pay for. Seriously.Cons:-old nasty elevator-wicked old carpet-no in-room safe-no tub!!! Boo. -dark room. Very bad lighting (missing light bulbs)-old school tv set-loose outlets The worst thing of all was housekeeping. The first night we had our do not disturb sign on the door. Our first morning housekeeping knocks once and enters abruptly. WTF? Ok the sign was missing. Hubs tells her to come back at 3:30. We left at 1 for an hour, returned to the room to get ready for a friends wedding and she is cleaning our room! We asked for a new DND sign. Fine. Then on Sunday at 9am (with the sign on our door) we get another knock at the door and the same woman enters!!! Then she shouts "check out is at 11!" Again, WTF!! We check out tomorrow!! I went out there and yelled at her and told her we check out tomorrow and show her the DND sign on our door. Then I called the front desk to bitch at them and advise them that I did not want service and that I did not want that woman in our room. Sure enough, at 1ish she knocks and enters again!!! I was furious! I called the front desk again and they sent the HK supervisor to our room. I was livid!!!!With all of this said here I can find it in my heart to spare 2 positives:-Prompt & easy valet-A/C unit looks like shit but works wellIf you must book here...do not I repeat, do not stay in the pyramid!Ugh. Bad. So very bad.
4	Nice casino with interesting architecture that recently had a makeover; my husband refers to it as "yuppie." I remember seeing go-go dancers, the last time we visited so the lobby itself had a club feel to it- a good vibe. I got to see one of the hotel rooms as one of my friends from out of town was visiting, but that was years ago. It was very nice though- had the Egyptian theme, which I liked alot (I loved Ancient Eqypt as a child, and Indiana Jones was a favorite too). The elevators were also angled, which was very unique, even today. Locals can get room rates as low as $32 a night- check the website under "promotions." Years ago, the Eqyptian theme was a big deal- it wasn't done before, for that matter. Now, most of what was the attraction/theme is long gone- the statues, the costumes, the decor. There used to be a large arcade, and three attractions including a magic motion ride and a canoe ride, that were all geared to ancient Eqypt like "the Search for the Obelisk." My husband and I went there many times during the course of our friendship. This hotel/casino offers a lot. There are a number of stores including the "Everything's $10 Boutique." There are several pools and a spa. The clubs are LAX and Cathouse. The restaurants besides the buffet and the food court include: Tender Steak & Seafood, T & T (mexican), Pyramid Cafe (24 hr), and Backstage Deli. Room- service is also available. The entertainment lineup is: Criss Angel Believe, Fantasy, Carrot top, Menopause the Musical, Bodies, the exhibition (heard from friends that it's interesting), and Titanic artifact exhibition (worth it!). Specials for two shows on the website (with sister property, the Excalibur). Also has meeting rooms for conventions as well as wedding packages.
2	Not having been to Las Vegas in almost 30 years, I was amazed at the changes in the city. Unfortunately, I think that the Luxor was built the day after I left the last time that I was here. The TV was about that old. Not that I went to Las Vegas to watch TV. There is no refrigerators in the rooms. No coffee maker, no safe. Hell, there was not even an exhaust fan in the bathroom. I read another poster saying that you get what you pay for, but I found that for the price you could stay elsewhere with more amenities. We went to the breakfast buffet, and I can only say that the food was average at best. What I thought was interesting, was they were doing renovations and they had signs that said amongst other things, please excuse our dust. That is just what I want to see while I am eating, a sign proudly advertising the dust in the restaurant. The next time I go to Las Vegas, I will either stay at a more expensive place, or stay off the strip. I will not stay here again. On a more positive note, it is somewhat conveniently located and I do like the pyramid shaped building.
3	Stayed here last night. First off, they charge a mandatory "resort fee" of $15/night ontop of the room charge. This fee is "for your convinience" and is not advertised until you show up to check in. It includes wifi, a newspaper, and a telephone in your room. A total rip off. People checking in were furious about this and the hotel will not budge. If you don't pay it they cancel your reservation. Well, the Wifi signal was weak, I never got a newspaper, and I have this thing called a cell phone so didn't need a room phone. I don't know how they can legally do this its a total scam.The elevators were totally ghetto. Walls grafitiied, buttons smashed in, mirrors broken. Looked horrible.The room was nice. The bathroom was clean and just remodeled. Huge shower. The carpets are worn and stained. Some electrical outlets were lose. No iron or safe in the room. The TV sets were small and at least 20 years old.Would I stay here again... yes. For the price of $40 I can't complain.I would say just remodel the place and give the common areas a good scrub down. The entire hotel is really showing it's age. Needs to be renovated.
2	I stayed here ages ago... Well not THAT long, about a year ago... When we arrived (after getting lost with the parking!! Hmmm) there was a misunderstanding/ mix up with our booking and so we had to stay a night at a smoking room at the tower.. That wasn't pleasant and kinda shitty actually.. NOT what I expected. The room was obviously stinky and we had to call again and again for towels, etc etc... BTW, as for the Customer Service... I'd say that they really need to work on that one! Wasn't very helpful NOR pleasant lady.... The following day we were transferred to our suit... Which was super cool with those funky elevators... THOUGH it wasn't as LUX as you'd expect... Quite common and nothing to rave about to be honest. Good points? Uhh, Good buffet? We had breakfast there. It was nice but expensive... I think that this place had/ has some proper potential but deffo not my favorite and will not recommend this one to Vegas Vacationists... lol... :)
4	I was skeptical of the Luxor, based on the horrible reviews written here.  But, we had a really great time.  The room in the pyramid was gorgeous, faced the sphinx and the strip, and was very cool.  No, it didn't smell like cigarettes.  No, it wasn't rundown.  And no, there were no bed bugs at all.  The beds were extremely comfortable, and the architecture was thrilling.  When you go to Vega$, you expect a certain amount of classiness, and a certain amount of cheesy kitsch.  The Luxor has equal parts of both, and I like that.And the elevator ("inclinator") was a treat.  No, it didn't feel like I was going to die.  Seriously, some of the reviews must be from people who never leave the house!  I really don't get all the bad reviews.  I think people have unrealistic expectations.Minus one star for the pool being closed 'for the season'.  That was lame.  It's a gorgeous pool, and I wanted to swim!But the room was fabulous.  I would totally stay there again.
2	Little things make this place just ok. Of course it's better than any flea bag motel you might find in Vegas, but no free wireless? I mean that's pretty standard in even budget places like The Hampton, etc., at half the price. Yeah, the Luxor has a crappy tangly wire by the tv you can plug into your laptop to get internet, but that means you're tethered and have to sit on the edge of the bed to use your computer. It's not even long enough to kick back on the bed where we all like to use our laptops, right? No coffee machines in the room make it so you have to trudge down to the Starbucks below and shell out the $10 for a couple coffees in the morning, grumble grumble. The tv sets are these crappy maybe 26" numbers from the 90s. Don't these places know there has been a flat screen revolution? Why every room doesn't have a 36"- 40" flat screen is beyond me. Why would I want to order any PPV channels to watch on a screen that's crappier than the TV I had in college and not half as good as the one I have at home?? Also, the Pacquio fight was on, but it couldn't even be ordered to the room? You're kidding me? In Vegas?The saving grace is the casino is pretty nice and not overly smokey. The grounds outside by the pool are nice (though the pool area was shut down when we were there because maybe the weather was cooler? Weird, because the pools at Cesar's and other places were open), and the pyramid shape is always intriguing. The location on the Strip near the end makes for some nice views for some rooms. The Luxor should take a cue from Cesar's Palace where the rooms are truly luxurious, and there is a feeling of space and opulence throughout. I don't think this place is fit for a Pharaoh....
3	Luxor is on the strip...although its on the lower end. Its all about the price. The rooms are okay, clean is really all I need. The elevators are a bit weird, but you get used to it. The casino can have a good vibe and the restaurants are decant for the price.
3	We booked our package to Las Vegas very last minute (day before departure) and got an amazing deal at The Luxor. I was a little worried at first because of all the bad review, but was pleasantly surprised. Our room was on the pyramid and it was big,clean and had comfortable beds. It wasn't glamorous or anything out of the ordinary but I did not come to Vegas to hang in my room all day, so I did not care. The bathroom was big and had good counter space for all the products that two girls sharing a room need. Yes the TV is old but who cares? I didn't come here to watch TV. The food court here is awful and the buffet looked unappetizing so we never tried it. Another negative is that this hotel is pretty far from most of the amenities and nicer hotels where we hung out the most. The monorail and tram connects you to these hotels, but the system is not very good and it still leaves you with a whole lot of walking to do. I would not stay here again, but for the price we got on our stay I have no complaints.
3	Learn from wise old folks and apply the old adage that rings true to this day and age:     You Get What You Pay For.  When shopping for hotels online I was a bit perplexed as why the Luxor was much cheaper than conglomerate of  MGM/Mirage owned hotels.    So I did some research and discovered that the pyramid side of the hotel room are worn down and in dire need of an upgrade.    I booked a room for the pyramid side, then sweet talked the host to upgrade us to the West Wing which was built only a few years ago, at no charge.    She complied in a friendly way.  I get up to my room in the West Wing and was a bit disappointed.    I mean, come on, they are still using 27 inch tube TV's??    Even hotels in Downtown LV have mostly upgraded to large LCD/Plasmas.     The comforter was one of those old cotton-ball-ridden ones.   Good value for the price, but once again: you get what you pay for!
1	Ew.  Gross.So I ended up staying here only because my semi-psychotic friend had a weird obsession of wanting to stay at the Luxor because IT WAS IN A SHAPE OF A PYRAMID.  I know, wtf?  Anyways, so we physically stayed in the pyramid and not the towers.  The rooms were just...soo run down.  It felt like we were staying in a motel (And we were in a suite).  The style of building arrangement also contributed to this motel feel where all the rooms are in a row and you can see to the other side of the balcony.  Yes, we were in the Spa suite but it didn't feel like a suite.  The Living Room was awkwardly placed and cut off, it was like you were going to a different room.  There were dents in the wall, chipped old furniture,  water stains in the cabinet, I could go on.  Only plus was that we had a jacuzzi in the room next to the window, that was cool!Overall, do not stay at the luxor!  If you want a good hotel, pay more for a better room.  If you want a cheap hotel, play less for a better deal!
4	Well, what can I say.  I've stayed here before and it was ok.  This time around it was completely "all that".  We got in on a deal and then we got upgraded from the Pyramid area to one of the tower rooms.Our room was on the 22nd floor and actually a suite that was 770 sq ft.  It had a wet bar with refrigerator and sink as well as a coffee maker.  Now, in most hotel rooms they have a coffee maker but on the strip that is typically rare as they want you out and about where are able to spend your money.The wet bar area had a table and chairs and then move into the living room area and there was a couch and easy chair.  They had a cabinet with your TV enclosed.  Yeah, it wasn't a plasma but seriously did I come to Las Vegas to watch TV?Move into the bedroom and a king sized bed with another TV.  Then walk into the all marble bathroom with a shower stall, jacuzzi tube, a double sink vanity and then a separate room for the toilet.Yeah, I have to it was awesome.  The only miss on this room is that it was a smoking room (complete with ash trays, which I promptly hid under the sink), was the smell of smoke when you walked in.  You got used to it (do I really want to get used to??) but I would have preferred a non smoking room.All in all a very good room and the price was right.  We had brought in fresh fruit, tea, and coffee for our own in room breakfast to enjoy the room and to avoid having to rush out early in the morning.A very good time.
2	I was borderline 1 star here but I figured it isn't quite a cockroach infested motel 6 but it certainly isn't like any of the other hotels I've stayed on the strip.  Luckily I didn't pay for this place since it was part of the convention package.  The rooms are dark and the first thing I got greeted with wasre was a long hair on my towel, makeup on another and the bedcovers stained. Anyway, I know this place is probably cheaper than most but you do get what you pay for and it might be worth paying a bit more for another hotel.
3	I stayed here while attending the Las Vegas marathon and it was a good location for that. The run kicked off at Mandalay Bay, so being at the Luxor was convenient. The runners expo was at the Venitian - not so convenient. It was a good hike to get to and from there, as well as other things on the strip - but its Vegas - you're supposed to walk all day.The room was good - nice shower, nice bathtub. The beds were soft and comfy. The TV was a bit older and in the cabinet and the free internet is not WiFi, but a cord located in the cabinet. It has a good reach, so you can sit in the chairs or on the bed. I didn't take in any shows or visit the casino...or the buffet, so I can't really comment on those. I stayed here once in the past and had issues with the shower, but this time everything ran smoothly. It was a good stay and not overly expensive.
4	It was pretty good at the Luxor!I was a little worried. The worst thing for me was the elevator. Our elevator was 4a/4b and I could not handle the no-window-moving-on-a-diagonal. The whole elevator situation was a PITA. We ended up on a service elevator at one point, we tried taking another elevator that went to random even floors...all that I would have needed to not be nauseous on every elevator ride at the Luxor would have been a window. It would make the experience so much more enjoyable, being able to see which direction you were moving, having a nice aerial view of the inside of the pyramid. What was good? Our room was pretty nice (although I must mention I think I reserved a king, not two queens. I never mentioned it to them so I can't fault them for not changing it, but I think when I booked online I chose 1 king). The shower was huge (but no tub) in the Pyramid Deluxe room. TV didn't have a lot of channels but who watches tv there? The main bar, across from registration (Aurora) had great cocktails for pretty reasonable prices ($10 range). The cab service from the front door was great and the concierge (is that what you call the guy who gets the cab for you?) was happy and friendly all weekend. I won about $10 in slots at Luxor. The casino wasn't super crowded and when I was ousted by a smoker of my own volition, it was easy to find another comparable group of slots. I loved being able to catwalk from casino to casino. What was bad? The towels were a little small. I would have like to have seen bath sheets instead of towels. The elevators, maybe if there were stair access points, that would be better. I don't mind taking the stairs (even 12 flights), especially as an alternative to the nauseating elevators. The gift shop sold stuff that seemed really ghetto and trinket-y. I was going to buy this water bottle until I tried to screw the cap on, it didn't make a tight seal and there was a caribeaner that wouldn't close once it was open. Kinda garbage-y. OH THOSE ANNOYING PEOPLE WHO LOOK LIKE THEY WORK FOR THE HOTEL BUT TRY TO SELL YOU GARBAGE SHOWS AND MEALS? That was probably the 2nd worst thing about Luxor but it wasn't exclusive to Luxor. Luxor seemed like a pretty cool, child-free place. That's what I was looking for and that's what I got. If I go to Vegas again, I would probably stay somewhere else because of the elevator and because I would want to see more of the Strip. But Luxor was okay!
2	The No Lucks-or clean sheetsI booked in here for a night stay on my way back from Tahoe. I was extremely unimpressed.The hotel - Stinky, outdated and geared more towards children than adults. Lots of McDonalds and fast food in here. The room- I felt like I lost money before I even got to a table. The carpets were sticky and the bed was damp. Upon entering, I imagined CSI Vegas were familiar with the place. Under black light, I bet this place lights up like the fourth of July.Casinos in Vegas make millions of dollars each day. An investment in a renovation, new bedsheets and non-tubed TVs would go along way.
3	The Luxor seems to be the discount or Motel 6 version of the casinos on the strip. It's located at the far end of the strip, but is connected by a small tram to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur. From Excalibur, you can walk catercorner to the MGM Grand and the monorail to get you to other casinos on the Strip.You'll probably want to do that since the Luxor is pretty mediocre compared to the other casinos. The room is actually fairly spacious and has the basic amenities: bed, table, bathroom, cabinet with tube TV. The furniture was a little dinged up and the carpet was a bit frayed with a red stain in one area (creating the fun hotel guessing game of Blood or Kool-Aid?). But comfortable enough. I should point out that I had a Pyramid room and I understand some of the Tower rooms are nicer.The hotel also has the basic shops necessary to run a small village (24 hour convenience store, 24 food place, minor shopping, etc.) as well as a small casino area in the center of the pyramid. It's just that the casino area suffers compared to the gaming floors in other places. There are a few shows (such as Carrot Top) available as well.I was staying here for the half marathon and for the race it's a nice location. Conveniently located close to the start and finish with a tram from Mandalay Bay. Luxor might be a good choice for the Vegas visitor who's just planning on using the room as a place to stash their stuff while they spend all day on the Strip. Probably not as good of a choice if you're planning on doing a leisurely Vegas trip and staying around the casino.
1	I just checked in and came up to my room. My girlfriend brought the sheets down to rest after a long drive and she found a bedbug. I called the front desk and they just offered to move me to another room. I went down to see the manager Juanita and showed her the bug. No apology from her; just an excuse. She then calls me up and says that it wasn't a bed bug because "it's too big to be a bedbug." I have an iPhone with Internet. Don't tell me it's not a bedbug cause I googled it and showed you the picture. It looks exactly like the bug I took downstairs to show you. I have to stay the night because it's too late to transfer hotel since we have plans. I come to Vegas often and have always wanted to stay here since it looks pretty cool, but from now on I would much rather take my business elsewhere.
2	Our stay here was crummy from start to end. The wait to check-in was ridiculous and on top of that the person checking us in had major attitude. We were suppose to get a room in the pyramid, but they gave all the non-smoking ones away, so we got stuck in a regular tower room. boring.
2	I  had stayed at Luxor in the past, but on this visit I was truly disappointed with my experience and stay here.  I guess to be polite I will begin by mentioning positive aspects of my visit:  1)  Check in process was speedy and efficient.  The guy who helped me check in was friendly, polite, courteous, and provided decent customer service.  He also mentioned and offered an upgrade to 2 types of rooms that were currently available in the towers.  I thought the best part about his offer was that he didn't pressure me into upgrading, he just wanted to mention that this was an available option to me.  In the end, I decided to upgrade since the price to upgrade felt reasonable to me.2)  Housekeeping.  I, personally, thought the housekeeping staff did an excellent job of cleaning our room, tidying up the bathroom, stocking our room with towels and supplies (toilet paper and kleenex), and always made our bed nice and proper.  3)  Valet.  Great valet service here when either dropping off or picking up your car.  I especially was grateful to the valet when we checked in as they promptly helped to handle our bags and called bell hop /baggage service to help us out.  When picking up the car, I thought Luxor's scanning system of valet tickets was definitely fresh and modern.  We never had to wait very long for our car, and the valet ALWAYS asked how we were doing and if we needed directions.Negatives:1)  Elevators.  As I mentioned above, I decided to upgrade to a tower room.  I almost came to regret my decision when the elevators in the East Tower broke down 2 days in a row.  And for some reason, the elevators stopped working/broke down at the time of day (around 3pm) when people are checking into the hotel.  So, for 2 days in a row around 3pm, there were at least 15-25 people waiting and waiting in the first floor lobby/waiting area in the East Tower for the elevators to work.  For me, I wanted to rest after a long day of shopping and sight-seeing.  I felt sorry for the people that had checked in and wanted to go up to their rooms to rest, unpack, and unwind after their flight/road trip to Vegas.  Someone did call the front desk to report this problem, but it was the same scene the next day, only the process to get the elevators to work took much, much longer.  This time 2 technicians and a security guard were on hand to "supervise" the process of trying to reset (their wording) the elevators.  The elevators breaking down, in my opinion, was not acceptable and very, very disappointing.  On the 2nd day this happened I almost felt like checking out.  This was very, very disappointing to me as I pondered why oh why no one checked into this problem more thoroughly when it first happened.2)  T.V.  I'll just be blunt:  the tv sucked.  Really it did.   Although the television itself was a modern Philips flat screen, the tv remote seemed more like a relic and belonged in a museum.  The buttons didn't work properly and the "menu" button/function didn't work at all so I wasn't able to check out via the check out function on the tv.  Also for some reason, after 9pm, the channel assigned to porn movies was available for viewing, which I thought was strange since I definitely saw families staying in the hotel.  I just hoped this channel wasn't readily available in all rooms.3)  Soliciting.  This was actually the most ANNOYING aspect of staying here.  During each day of our stay here, someone or 2 someones always approached my friend and I about future deals to stay at Luxor, future visits to Vegas, passes to the LAX nightclub, or something free or something we had to sign up for.  It was very, very annoying and I was sick of it by the end of our stay here.  This was in contrast to other casinos on the strip that we visited which didn't have people soliciting their guests.Bottom Line:  I would definitely stay somewhere else on my next trip to Vegas.
1	I was actually pretty disappointing in my stay here. I was looking forward to staying there as it looks pretty cool from the exterior. The Luxor is good for those who enjoy casinos, but as for staying there... I say heck no...1) Check-In: Went pretty quickly as no one was there. Front-Desk clerks didn't look very happy to see any of us.2) The Room: It was not bad at first look, but once we turned the lights on, we saw the issues. The carpet was worn out and stained, the TV's were outdated and one was not operational, the couch was stained with substances, the desks were not properly cleaned (sticky sauce still on it and dusty), the mini- fridge provided was leaking from the bottom, and the paint on the wall was peeling off. The list goes on and on. (Oh, and the privacy is really low... You could hear people outside your door and sometimes in the room beside you.) *Note: We stayed at the Pyramid Spa Suite. So after the discovery of the filthiness of the room, we decided to go complain and get another room. One of the clerks we spoke to had an attitude furthermore making the situation worse. She gave us a key to the new room and in inspecting the new room, we saw it was exactly the same... dirty carpet, etc. We decided to stay in the same room and live it out. Other Info--Elevator is unstable, you could feel it shake as you descend and/or ascend. It's also poorly maintained, feels as if it hasn't been replaced.-The columns that hold up the pyramid looked cracked on the upper floors.-There are the popcorn ceilings...I wished the visit could've been better... Was really looking forward to it.
3	This property has gone severely downhill over the past 5 or 6 yrs.  A friend of mine recently stayed here and I went to visit him.  The room was very plain and felt old, despite only being around 10 yrs old.  He stayed in one of the towers, not the Pyramid.The casino floor and restaurants have been updated over the past few years to have a younger appeal.  There is almost no remnants of the old Egyptian theme.  I'm kind of nostalgic and miss it, but realize they have to do what they must to remain relevant.  Don't know if anyone remembers the old Nile river and ride they use to have when it opened.  I was in college back then and I had a few friends who were tour guides on the boats.  They also had live Camels that lived in the back behind the parking garage that they used for a show.  Ahhh, the good ol' days.The restaurants, bars, lounges, and clubs they have here are for the hipsters and generate large crowds at night and on the weekends and holidays.  We don't come here very often, but enjoy having a few drinks when we're here.Will I return?  As long as I'm in Vegas, friends will always visit, so I'm sure I will.
3	Non-hotel guest review:I haven't been here in while and it looks like the Luxor has really put in some hard work to update the place.  Lots of new restaurants and design features, such as beaded curtains hanging from the ceiling over gaming tables, are a cute touch.  They've linked Mandalay Place through the upstairs atrium which is convenient.  Instead of having to walk past nothing to get to Mandalay Place, it looks like they are opening some more restaurants in that space.  Looking up to the top of the pyramid from the atrium is always neat.  But the timeshare people are super annoying.  They are all over the place and don't seem to recognize that you walked right by them 30 seconds ago!  Ugh.I did stay here once about 8 years ago and it was very kid-oriented.  You had to take the "inclinator" up to the rooms in the pyramid, which went sideways and up instead of just up.  I remember the "inclinator" was crowded (it needed an operator and was slow) and the rooms were smaller because of the shape of the pyramid.  Back then, I wasn't really impressed with this property.  Hopefully they've improved the rooms and the transportation to the rooms.They appear to still be working on the renovations as there are some statutes and tile torn up in the front lobby.  I hope when it is finished it will remain a more "adult" property with more upscale dining options to enjoy.  Unfortunately right now it's not enough to keep us there - we ended up going over to Mandalay Place for dinner.  But if they keep up the good work, it could compete with some of the better properties.
3	I'm going to get the bad stuff out of the way first.We won't be staying here again, despite getting bumped to a Tower Premier Suite for very reasonable additional charge.When we first got to the room, the bedroom and master bath smelled like fresh cigarette smoke. We thought it was the previous person and dismissed it. However every morning the master bedroom and bath regained the smell of cigarette smoke, so of course with my asthma I woke each morning short of breath and sneezing.Secondly they seem to have the largest number of per visitor timeshare creeps I've ever seen. You can't exit or enter the place with out getting bombarded at least twice. They were even pandering to my 5 year old, telling him to get mommy and daddy to take him to a free show. The same thing happened with their flying carpet video thing. My son was a step or two behind me, although still in my peripheral vision, and one of the workers in the booth walked over and asked if he wanted a ride.Now the positive stuff. The room was beautiful. We had a view of the backside of the pyramid out our window and we were placed at the end of the corridor so not only was it quiet, we didn't have to reign our son in as much as in another room. That being said..CRTs? If you aren't going to modernize your electronics, stop using wide-screen feeds.The interior of the pyramid itself is great, albeit period incorrect. It's supposed to be Egyptian, but the food court was Tuscan and the MORE buffet was more Grecian ruin style. Pick one and stick to it.The valet people were great. Despite the rain, they were prompt, courteous and friendly. The same can be said for the staff in their 24hr cafe and the buffet. In fact they were the best I've experienced while in Vegas (outside of a 4 star restaurant) in a long time.We'll probably return for exhibits, but we won't be staying there again.I was hovering at 4 stars, but those blasted time share people. They put enough of a dent in our vacation that I'm dropping a full star. It would be two if it wasn't for the awesome service we received.
4	This hotel is cheeeeeeeeeese in it's decor, but it has a lot of sentimental memories to me.  Back in 2003 I flew in and my man drove from California. We wanted to see one another after being apart for three weeks.  I bought a suite for three nights from here and loved loved loved the in room huge jacuzzi tub.  It's snuggled against the huge big glass thick window and at night you can just imagine how great the view is. Romantic, cheesy and just the way Vegas should be for two people in love. The hotel itself reminded us of the Mummy movie, and we actually walked around the "Evil Unleashed" hotel, laughing at all the cheese decor.  However, even the suite was 80.00 a night and we actually had a lot of fun at this hotel.
2	Hahahaha. I don't even know to start this review.I don't know why my dad always insists that my family spend the night in this hotel on Vegas vacations. And I don't know how he talks me into it. Every time I check in I get the WORST customer service. This time, the woman behind the counter was vicious, trying to convince me that I had only asked for one room, when my printed receipts clearly stated otherwise. On the way to the elevator I got a fresh look at the peeling and scratched up wallpaper that I admired so much the last time I was there (and that still hasn't been replaced).The rooms also haven't changed a bit in years. They're still hopelessly muggy every time I walk in and the towels always smell like. . . well, not fresh. But new this time: Starbucks after Starbucks after Starbucks. There are at least three within an eighth-of-a-mile radius. I don't really know who this is aiming to please. It kind of just pissed me off. Neither of them was ever crowded when I walked by them, so it just seemed excessive. They could certainly replace one with something else. The outside looks amazing. Impressive, even. But when I walk in, I dunno. It's just not what you expect it to be. And I definitely don't leave impressed. :/
2	As we stepped into our room in this Egyptian themed, pyramid-shaped and deceptively fancy looking hotel,  we were greeted by a strong horrible smell that made us search for possible mummies with poor hygiene holing up in the room. Luckily for us, one of the staff rushed in soon (without us calling. obviously, the stink has been around for a while) and generously sprayed some strong airfreshner that gave temporary relief to the nose, and landed a pungent taste in the mouth. Prior to your stay, remember to pray to the great Egyptian gods for clear skies and a dry spell or if you don't believe in prayer, carry an umbrella to keep you dry inside your room.Going beyond the nasty odor and leaky rooms, the hotel is located far from the nice areas of the strips and surely not an ideal one if you want to stumble back post- excesses of the evening. The only thing that Luxor has going are the lower rates. Ballys, Stratosphere, a tent or the bench at McDonalds might be a better option.
1	We spent the holidays at the Luxor.  The trip was booked through a travel site but when we arrive the room was not available and we were instead put in a different room on the second floor in an area of the hotel that was being renovated.  The hallway had a smell that can't be believed and it was in the room as well.  After we found the room we immediately called the front desk to get changed but were told nothing else remained in the pyramid but could be moved to the towers.  Unacceptable, so we accepted a $252 upgrade to a mini-suite.  The suite was large but dirty and run down.  The property is not being taken care of and it shows.  Staff make a resort like this and they sucked.  No-one cared about the customer's needs.  The first words out of their mouth was "no" followed by "that's not my job go see the other guy." A woman pulled up to valet while we were waiting for a cab.  She the valet that her had been damaged and she needed help. He flat out told her to move her car immediately and go find security.  No assistance given to help, just push her off to the side in hopes of making some more tips.  We'll never stay there again.  Time to go north up the strip to the newer resorts!
2	The Luxor is OK - nothing much to get excited about.  If you just want a place to sleep - this is probably a good place.  The price attracted me to the property.  The room, however, while very clean, was very dated and much in need of a facelift.  Not impressived by furniture with holes in the fabric and other worn out furniture - regardless of the price.  The elevators and public areas were also noticeably in need of repair and update.  I saw some work being done in the lobby - perhaps the rooms should become a priority.I don't understand why the Luxor really has very little in the way of restaraunts and bars.  You have to go to one of the adjoining hotels for those amenities.The timeshare people are very disruptive and annoying - but given the number of complaints, the management really must not care about that.Overall, if the price is right, I probably would stay at the Luxor again, but it would have to be a great deal.
4	The Luxor was pretty decent. A scratch on the wall is no biggie. Especially in Vegas... I mean you barely spend any time in the room. Check in was good but when we got to our room one lamp didn't work and we had no remote for the tv. HOWEVER they were VERY prompt to fix these discrepancies. I love their casino and T&T is awesome. Would definitely stay again.
4	Luxor is a good hotel for the price. I went last week and was upgraded for free :) Rooms were comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Easy walk to Excalibur, MGM (with monorail), Mandalay and New York New York.  I would definitely stay here again.
4	The hotel was a great deal for the price.  We had a clean and comfortable room overlooking the strip, it was a Pyramid Deluxe suite.  The hotel was clean, service was friendly, they have good clubs, a nice casino.  The only thing I didn't like was their buffet, and the older style TV in the room.  However, it was on the strip and had shuttles to Mandalay and Excalibur which was nice.  It's hard to find a good deal like this on the strip.
3	I have never stayed at this hotel but I have been to LAX and the Bodies exhibition.  LAX was ok I guess, the DJ at the time played a lot of poppy music and the ratio at this club was terrible... 10 dudes for like every girl.  Maybe things have changed since this was a while ago.The Bodies exhibit was great but I think I will do a whole separate review for that.  My favorite part about Luxor is their inside architecture.  I feel like I'm walking inside a huge Masonic temple of the new ages.  It really makes me wonder why so many hotels in Las Vegas have obelisks inside of them.  I noticed them in the Wynn, the Bellagio and ,of course, the Luxor.  Makes me feel like Vegas is built upon Mason cults and architecture that are sending the world to its own destruction.  Sin City?  LOL.The casino at the Luxor was A-Ok. and their "food court" was pretty boring, including: Little Casar's, Quizno's, Starbucks and McDonlads.... meh
4	I'll try to write this review without being bitter from losing soooo much money at Black Jack ;)The room was awesome! I loved the slanted window pyramid style. the water pressure in the shower was amazing! i definitely did not want to get out, but then realized i was in the desert and prob should attempt to conserve. I did notice a little mould, but not enough to bother me. Bed was comfortable, but the pillows were a little too big and firm (i am goldilocks when it comes to sleeping).I was a little upset when i couldnt find a non smoking gambling area, so i kept having to move tables when someone started smoking next to me. its so gross!!Overall I had a great experience (checking in, out, and throughout my duration of multiple stays).
4	The Luxor is the value hotel of the MGM group. I had two rooms when I stayed here, a suite in one of the towers and the standard pyramid room. Both rooms were clean and came with the standard promised amenities, but did show signs of wear. I think a renovation will be needed sooner then later. The linens, bathrooms, and room were clean. I ate at Tender Steakhouse, T&T(Mexican Restaurant), and the Pyramid Cafe. They were all great . I also ate at the buffet which was just "meh", not worth $30. They also have a food court with burgers, pizza, ect... There are lots of people trying to sell you future stays at the Luxor. It is kind of irritating, but a good deal if you listen to the sales pitch. I didn't buy in though because I wasn't sure when I would be coming back. The Luxor hosts several entertainment shows including Chris Angel and Carrot Top, if you call these two entertainment. I didn't see either of these two because it is common knowledge that they both suck. The Luxor's other shows Bodies, Titanic, and Menopause the musical didn't really appeal to me. Not really a place to stay for the shows. The casino itself was great. Friendly dealers, variety of games and slot machines. There is an inside walkway lined with stores that connects to Mandalay Bay. The Luxor gets 4 stars instead of three because the rooms are very reasonably priced.
3	The hotel was average- some parts were nice but the long halls to the tower I stayed in were not nice and were ugly. We had an issue the first day and they quickly changed out room so that was nice- however the new room wasnt overly clean in the bathroom area which is HUGE.Lots of walking with no good directions- everyone points ---its that way and you walk and walk and walk........etcI was plahing blackjack at a machine and suddenly the screen went all goofy and all my money was gone- I complained and she pretty much called me a liar saying I set the bet limit to $18 a time.....they gave me my money back when I argued that I didnt touch anything and the screen went all goofy like a freezing computer- but she looked at me like I was trying to steal $18 from the casino- really? rude over $18?
4	Alright so walking from the airport (with luggage) to the luxor isn't as smart as we first thought. But the benches in luxor are very comfortable after long walks. After settling down in our rooms we were satisfied. I lost all my money in this place, so lets hope my $10 goes to a good cause. Beds are firm. I heard many people complain about this place being not as fresh as they want but I say to them the price for this stay on the strip is reasonable. If you plan to pay $50 a night and have them open doors for you, you may be a little loco.  As a heads up, You can't hook up video game systems to these TVs. It kind of sucks if your low on money and trying to skimp out on transportation since it is all the way on the south end. Note to self, better walking shoes. (I can not feel my toes) Everything was great for the price I mean. There is a walgreen not for far. so get your cheap beer there instead of the overpriced crap in the hotel. PS: hoochymommas cards are very valuable. Take every single one you can as souvenir. Because its the only thing you will get for free in vegas.
1	I just had to write a review on this hotel. I will NEVER forget my experience rooming here.SCRATCHY BEDSPRINGS!!!! I rather sleep in some Budget Inn Motel! I couldn't believe it. No matter how many dranks I consumed during my party weekend at Vegas, it was hard to knock out because my bed was hurting me!This establishment should be ashamed of themselves.
3	I stayed here while attending an industry conference in April 2010 and was happy with the cleanliness, however the rooms, as others have said, are dated. On check-in I tried slipping the guy $20 between my ID and credit card and asked if there were any "complimentary upgrades" being offered, but he quickly handed the J-note back and after ferociously typing for about 10 seconds told me that they were going to give me one night of my three for free. Sweet. Too bad my company was paying :(. I ended up on the fourteenth floor in the west tower. Not bad. The room was nothing to write home about, but it was decent. ***Note to self for the next time: do not confuse the pyramid rooms with the tower rooms while completely tanked or you will be helpless lost for over an hour. Also, make sure to throw up down on to the casino floor again from the pyramid hallways. That was pretty great.
1	Never. Again. The Luxor will try and get every penny out of you and will not deliver at all on service. I'm not sure if things have changed since I was last in Vegas but I don't remember ever being charged a "resort fee" when I was there. And yes, each time I booked from the same third-party site and used the same site this time. The previous times I stayed at Planet Hollywood and loved it but I thought staying in a Pyramid would be kind of cool. I was definitely wrong. This time I was charged extra money each night I was there for this "resort fee." When I asked what this was for, I was told it included newspapers downstairs, pool/gym/spa upkeep/and internet. Well, the internet only worked if I actually HELD the cord in my computer and the speed was super slow. Not to mention the fact that it was an Ethernet cord -- why have we not moved into the 21st century and switched to WiFi? As far as the pool/spa/gym upkeep? The pool was closed because it was winter and well, the spa should be kept up via the spa prices. The gym is super small and has out of date equipment so aside from paying for a surly person to stay at the front desk and people to clean it while leering at you, what upkeep do you need to pay for? Also, $25/night for a fridge seems a bit steep. Not to mention the lack of a coffee maker in the room. That's a new one to me.When we first got there the internet didn't work at all and I had to wait almost an hour for someone to come and fix it. The only reason they ended up showing up was because I called down a second time and was greeted with, "Are you sure you haven't left the room at all" Yes thank you. I'm not a moron. I would remember leaving the room. After arguing with her that yes I was plugging in the internet the right way and yes my computer is on, she huffily said she'd send someone, "again." They showed up, and said "Oh, I went to the wrong room!" Of course you did. Even after they fixed it, it still barely worked and the only way I could use it was if I had the cord extend to the bed since the cord wouldn't even reach the table. This made it rather annoying when it was in use as the other person had to step over the cord in order to get to another part of the room.The other thing that rubbed me the wrong way were the pushy people who greet you as soon as you walk in asking if you want to buy this entertainment package or that entertainment package. No, my companion and I are not married, we are a couple. No we cannot "prove it" and no, I definitely will NOT log on to my laptop and show you our bank statements online to prove we live together. The rooms themselves were also lackluster. For a desert and otherwise dry city, our room at the Luxor was EXTREMELY dank and kind of smelled. The only thing that fixed it was if we turned the AC on. Also, there was some red stain that looked like blood that was on the sheet. We didn't notice it until the second day and when I called about it was I was asked if I was sure it was there before (implying one of us somehow caused the stain). Umm...no. So we just switched beds since they ignored my request for a king size bed and gave us two doubles. At least their poor attention to detail paid off once. Oh happy day.I didn't spend much time in the casino but each time we walked through to get to our car rental, I was astonished at how poor the air circulation was and how much everywhere reeked of smoke. I've spent large amounts of time in several of the casinos over the past few years -- PH, Bellagio, and Caesar's Palace to mention a few -- and they have all managed to not reek of smoke despite smoking being allowed. Why can the Luxor not manage to do this as well?Suffice it to say, I'll never stay here again. The only saving grace of our stay was that it was near the highway which made it easy for us to get to other locations we were going to outside of Vegas.
3	decent. definitely not one of the more luxurious spots to stay on the strip but its clean.. doesnt have the nasty cigarette smoke smell & close to enough casinos without having to walk outside. lol and i actually thought the bathroom in my room was reallly nice.. im a sucker for big glass windows & stone flooring oh & the elevators really do go sideways! i never knew that til my cousins asked to come up to my room & i was confused as to why and they were completely fascinated. & here i was the entire time thinking damn these elevators suck because they were so shakey!i also got free passes for LAX & cathouse both which were fun .. cathouse was a lil older for my taste but wednesday nights they have house music.. too bad i didnt get to check that out.. they're also pretty limited as to table card games but its not as crowded as excalibur.. sat at the pai gow poker table for a good hour .. interestingly enough my 18 year old brother didnt get carded or kicked off at all =) hhaha
3	The hotel itself is fine - not as luxurious as the Wynn or Mandalay Bay, but perfectly clean and nice, and not a dump. The reason it's not 4 stars is the salon. Ideally I'd write the negative review on the salon's own Yelp page, but firstly there isn't one, and secondly, I think the hotel is responsible for its amenities.Aaaanyway, I had a big networking fancy-schmancy cocktail party to go to, and of course the hotel hairdryer in the bathroom broke. So I called housekeeping for a replacement, they said they could bring one up in two minutes, but 30 minutes later, I gave up and went to the salon downstairs.The stylist insisted on doing the opposite of what I asked for: she added a bunch of spray when I told her my hair already had product in it, and used a straightening and curling iron when all I wanted was a round brush. She also turned the chair away from the mirror so I couldn't keep track of things. In retrospect I should have insisted that she do as I ask, and not let her insist on doing it her own way, but I was trying to be "nice" (I know, very uncharacteristic of me; what can I say?)Almost an hour and a half later (much too long for a basic blow dry), I turn around and she has made me look like a French poodle. It was horrible! I just stood up and said, "I'm sorry, but please hand me the blow dryer and brush; I have to fix this myself." She was offended, but too bad. Of course, it took me a while to salvage what I could of it, and by that time I had really missed the party, AND guess what they charged me for the privilege of not listening to my simple requests?$78.To sum up a story that was probably longer than it needed to be: don't go to hotel salons because they are a ripoff, and if you do, be firm in what you want, even if that means being a "difficult client."
2	I come to vegas very often atleast every other month. I ended up at Luxur due to the busy weekend and not being able to book pretty much anywhere else for under $200 a night. So when I got a huge deal through VIP for $69 I said heck Luxur it is. Let me say that for $69/night I have absolutely nothing bad to say as it was worth it but knowing what else exist in vegas at reasonable prices it would make this hotel not worth it at full price. I can easily compare the service, attitude and rooms to a Motel-6. The bed and the bathroom was very worn down and gross. If you want to try the spa I suggest you coverup well as it looked very dirty. Do your research but if you get a great deal like me you might be able to deal with the situation.
3	I didn't stay here this trip to Vegas, so this review is based upon just what I viewed walking through it and getting a few drinks at a bar before I went to LAX. First off, I am a big fan of the theme of this hotel. I love the Egyptian look of it. In the past few years, I was a little bothered that this hotel seemed to be going down hill a little. There were areas that were dirty, there was graffiti in the hotel and it just didn't have the mystic of a Vegas hotel any more. When I went through it for this review, I was very pleased that I did not see any of this. I didn't walk through the whole hotel, but what I did see, made me actually want to stay here again. I was glad to see the change and want to come back here and spend a little time.
3	Spa suite is the only room to stay in. The elevators are scary as Hell. The show pushers, are just as bad as the Excalibur and the card flickers on the strip sidewalks or worse. Think Cancun arrivals, and you get the idea.
5	Most of the time I come to Vegas I stay at Luxor because I the price isn't too high, they don't charge from extra guest, it's on the strip, modern, has 2 clubs, a bunch of exhibits, cars, restaurant, shows and a big casino floor.  The rooms are spacious and has a nice shower.  The TV aren't to fancy, but we have a great view of the strip. The guest service is great, but the valet gets a little bossy at times.
3	Yes, you can find better hotels.  If you want a nice place go stay at Palazzo, Wynn or Bellagio.  If you want sort of nice stay at Mirage or Mandalay Bay.  If you want a place to crash and shower and pay fairly cheap rates (even with the resort fee) stay here.This place is definitely trying to "sex it up" with clubs like the cathouse and go-go dancers in the casino.  Its a good laugh for a bachelor or bachelorette party and table limits in the casino are moderate for a hotel on the strip. Overall, if you have kids, stay away from this place.  If you are a college kid on a budget, this place is for you.
2	Sad. Sad. Sad. I've stayed at a lot of places around Las Vegas.  Everything from the old Westward Ho and Circus Circus to Bellagio,  Venetian, Palms and several others.Luxor was a surprise and not a good one.  Of course, like all strip hotels it has pretty nice public spaces and c'mon, the pyramid concept itself is pretty cool, butt he rooms are just sad!On this visit, the pools and spas are drained, my rooms and others I know of are dated, worn furniture, worn beddings, marks on walls.And don't even think to expect a hot water/coffee maker.  That's only for the Motel 6s and Holiday Inn Express...ok, sarcastic there.As there is a mandatory resort fee...not really what sure for as the pools and hot tubs are shutdown...internet is included with that $16/day fee.  Not wifi...it's the old ethernet cable.  What a hoot!Big picture:  PROS:  Clean & simple.  CONS:  Dated, WAAAY overdue for a renovation, no amenities in the room at all.  Verdict:  For the price, there are many more choices and I won't choose this place and that's being very fair.
2	So my parents took my boyfriend and I to Vegas for 2 nights and we stayed at the Luxor.  I can't really speak to the value since I didn't pay for the rooms but overall none of us were all too impressed.  Upon check-in, we were treated fairly rudely by the desk attendant.  My mom is a travel agent and had been guaranteed a certain rate and the lady was quite indignant with her.  Our rooms were not ready (it was noon and we knew we were early and we were not expecting them to be ready).  However when we went back, about 5 minutes before the regular 3:00 check-in time we were once again curtly "assisted" by the same lady.  We asked if our rooms would now be ready.  We were told that just because 3:00 was their regular check-in time it did not guarantee that the rooms would be available.  Let me see if I understand this?  You have reservations, you check-in right at check-in time and you may not be able to get into your room?  Doesn't make much sense to me.  Anyways, we were surprisingly able to get into our rooms about 4 doors away from each other.  The rooms (tower deluxe) were nothing great.  The bed was comfortable and that's about the only positive.  Not enough towels or pillows.  My parents' room was missing a lamp.  No full length mirrors, only the ones on the big TV/closet cabinet.  And what hotel in Vegas can justify not having a safe in the room???  Don't they know people come to Vegas to gamble??  Also would have appreciated a mini-fridge of some sort.  We didn't eat anywhere except for the little deli which wasn't too bad.  The food court is only open til midnight which made us take our late night (read 1:00am) craving for pizza over to New York New York.  Most of the dealers and other staff were nice enough.  Didn't gamble a ton there but most of the time able to get drinks fairly easily but we were there on a weekend.  My boyfriend and I went to the Bodies exhibit which is something I have wanted to see for awhile.  It was very cool to me...I would skip buying the audio tour though.  Not enough info to justify $6 in my opinion.  But was definitely worth checking out.  All in all though we won't be staying at the Luxor again...and you can be sure my mother won't be recommending it to any of her clients ever again!!
3	Stayed in the towers and they were a bit nicer than the pyramid. Maybe not having the slanted windows made the room feel a bit larger. The food court has great options for anytime you want to grab a bite to eat.My favorite was the Party Pit, when on weekends after 4pm there is a section of tables (blackjack, roulette, etc.) that has a stage in the middle where beautiful girls dance and distract you for a while. It was a great atmosphere and our dealer Martha was hilarious!!!!
4	My review is based on the casino itself and the nice and loose slots.  I hit just about every casino on the strip and this and the Paris had the loosest slots around, I won over half of my entire trip expenses back and won big on the nickel slots here multiple times.  Most people steer clear of the nickel slots but I really love gaming and like to spend a good amount of time playing.  The hotel and gaming area are really eye pleasing and unique.  I feel the view here from the gaming floor is perhaps in my top 3 for Las Vegas and you really get the feeling you're in a one of a kind atmosphere.  Love gambling here.
3	The Luxor is one of the most coolest looking hotels, being a black glass pyramid and all, and especially at night with the beam of light shooting from the top into space.  The problem with Vegas though is it keeps re-inventing itself every couple of years, and the Luxor is starting to get a little tired inside.   Our pyramid room on the 20th floor overlooking partly the strip and partly the airport was awesome with the views, but not so awesome with the shabby less than chic decor.  It's OK though, and the dark muted colors helped hide that.  And it's Vegas, so you're really not in your room that much anyway.  If you're looking to stay in a really swanky hotel, it's not going to be the Luxor, but you probably knew that anyway.  If you want to stay in a nice hotel, with nice amenities, and be able to easily get around the strip, the Luxor is probably a good value for you.  The casino areas and adjacent bars are laid out nicely, and the pool area is very nice looking, but was closed for our stay in January.  We used the pool at Excalibur for free as a Luxor guest, so that was nice to be able to do that and get in some pool time.  I've heard the rooms in the tower are much nicer than the pyramid, but then what's the point?  Might as well stay in a different hotel altogether, cause the Luxor is all about the pyramid.
3	Had to do a quick weekend trip to see Social Distortion at the House of booze at the Mandalay but my friends and I were sort of on the broke side, so I checked the rates and Luxor seemed reasonably priced and it was within close proximity to Mandalay so we wouldn't have to pay for a cab.I was VERY impressed with the rooms inside the pyramid.  They were clean, beds comfortable and the service was overall good!!!   Even the bathrooms were spacious and had a decent sized shower.My only negative to this place was the "resort fee"($17), paying to use the fitness center and be able to use "wired internet", if they seriously want to charge a resort fee then they need to start providing decent things, atleast WiFi!!!!  By the way, if you have a mac,  just set up a network with your computer and VOILA instant wifi for you and your friends in your room!!I would definitely consider staying here again though!  I might even try it out during the summer, see how the pool action is.
2	Not a good first night:1. The rooms are dark. Energy saving fluorescent lightbulbs that are dim, and there aren't many of them. Hard to read by the little light offered.2. No decent chair - can't get any type of work done if you're here for a convention (as I am this trip).3. Voicemail in the room is flooded with advertisements from the hotel. No way to turn it off.4. Service requests take 30-45 minutes.5. No wireless internet.Bottom line: it's cheap and it shows. Cheap is the only thing going for it so far.
1	I have been to Vegas numerous times, this was my first time to stay at Luxor.  The hotel is easy to get to from the 15 fwy and easy to find, of course. Though it looks nice from the inside, it was not so nice in the inside. We wanted to stay at the pyramid, but for some reason they put up us in the towers. The hotel does not offer free wifi, you will have to pay a fee. I don't know, but I couldn't even connect at the Starbucks downstairs. If you are looking for the free Internet connection in your room, it's behind the television. It was hard to get to and once connected you will have to move the table near the television so you can put your laptop down. Our shower had calcium deposits, so showering was not so pleasant either. Would not recommend staying there to anyone. This hotel is far from the strip, even though they have trams going back and forth, it does not run late, so you better get back early or you will have to walk.
3	The wife and I, decided to get the Spa Suite in the Pyramid of Luxor. I would probably consider Luxor to be a Mid-Class hotel and Casino. Not really the low end of Mid Class, but more of the middle to high end of the mid class hotels. It does have its ups and downs, when staying at the Luxor. Let start off with the Parking Garage. We really couldn't find Valet, cause the arrows are not up to date on where everything should be. So we found our way to the garage, which, probably seen better days. Then again, Luxor is 15 years and still running, I would probably say, that its better then others that probably been there longer. When we checked in, the person who checked us in, was very nice and talkative. She liked the fact that, us locals, are taking advantage of the discounts on vacationing in Vegas, just to get away from home. Despite the fact that we have no kids, you can't really pass the opportunity of cheap rooms. Especially the Spa Suite, which is bigger then an average room, that we usually would get at any other hotel in Vegas. Our room was on the 29th floor. Just one floor shy of being on the very top floor. It was a very nice room size for a mid class hotel. We got the corner of the pyramid, with a king size bed, a spa tub which is close to a slanted windows. It also had a separate living room space, that had its own TV, table and couch. But of course, the down side of it, is a lot of wasted space. Its nice they had everything, but I think, they could of put more in the room, then the basic essentials. They did have a fridge, which was cool, but no mini bar. They did have a closet with an ironing board and blanket, but no extra pillows. The bathroom was nice and big, but again, wasted space, where they could probably put more into it, and not enough lighting in the bathroom. They have lamps by the bed, in the living room, but one overhead light, over the sink of the bathroom, that's not even bright enough to really see how you look in the morning. Not until you put your face, right against the mirror to see how look in the morning. Now, thinking about it, not really sure if that's a good thing or bad thing. The windows to the pyramid needs cleaning on the outside. Mainly opening your curtains and seeing dirt spots from rain streaks, doesn't really make your view of Vegas any prettier. The first thing we did, was buy tickets to the Titanic exhibit. Of course, its our second time doing that, so I probably won't right another review, but the second time around, we were able to read everything and not fall behind and went at our own pace. We didn't get a tour guide this time around, but I think it was better. But I still love the Titanic the first time around, and always be one of the best attractions to go to, over and over again. We also got Criss Angel Believe tickets, where I wrote a review about it, and stated that it was an OK show. Criss Angel is a good magician, but his Vegas show Believe, is a copy of his best work from all his show on TV, but  in a live version. Wasn't really impressed, cause they took out the Cirque Du Soleil of it, but it was great seeing him live. Just wish he did more to it, and something new, then to recycle his work in a live show. Room Service for morning breakfast, was kind of pricey, but very well presented. I got the steak and egg, and it smell and tasted great. My wife got the continental breakfast, and she was full, after the fact that we left Luxor that day. So, it was a decent choice for room service, just wish it wasn't pricey. Over all, I would recommend this place for short stay, just to have a place to rest. If you could afford the Spa Suite, go for it, that Spa tub was awesome. Don't worry about mooning Vegas from your room, cause you probably won't be the first, nor the last. I'm sure no one else will see you if you do. The scenario is decent, where ever you go in Luxor. Just don't expect much when it comes down to amenities. Read my reviews on Titanic Artifact Exhibit and Criss Angel Believe, then you can probably judge, if you want to go see it or not.
3	Hotels that charge a resort fee, but offer no amenities should be ashamed of themselves.  The Luxor is one of those hotels.  We were told there would be one, but it was not forth coming to what that fee was for.  There was a brief mention of "save your cell phone minutes and use the land line for calls," but who counts cell phone minutes anymore?  Last time I checked most plans were unlimited and it's not 2002.Another thing, not only were the pools closed, they were void of water.  How resort does that feel?  But, anyways... We stayed at a Spa Suite and I recommend those are definitely a pass if you are offered an upgrade to one.  (Unless it's free.)  The room doesn't look like it has been updated completely.  While there are few things that appear new like bathroom tiles and a plastic toilet, there are others that look like they have been in the room for the whole of fifteen years.  First, the theme of the room is Egyptian and the furniture reflects that, but in a cheesy not-so-classy way.  All that hot mess of odd looking stuff looks like it has been there the whole time.  It's not in such great shape anymore.  Dings, dents, and dust were the main event plus the cabinet for the television is small, and the old rounded screen tube TV was as well.  The room itself was spacious but the decor was really lacking that luxurious feel.  In fact, in my opinion, the only thing suite-like was the nice linens.  The towels were fluffy and the pillows on the bed were very soft.  Still there was no comforter on the bed and the extra blanket looked like it had seen better days.As for the non-hotel parts, the place has certainly cleaned up well.  The last time I was in here they had poorly slapped some walls up around the casino and called it a nightclub.  Now it has a nice modern open feel to it.  Food court was lacking, but they make up for it in casual dining.  They also have the Titanic exhibit and Bodies plus shows like Criss Angel, Carrot Top and Fantasy.We came to see the rooms because of a Yelp freebie to see the Titanic and Bodies a little while back.  (We did Titanic again.)  While I'm glad I got to ride in the sideways elevators and check out the view from the 29th floor, I doubt I'll be back to stay even if the pool did have water.
1	I would give 0 stars if I could. UGH. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! There is a reason why Luxor has low ratings!!! Stay away!!!
2	currently @ the luxor as we speak.we booked through mlife and to be honest, we had stayed here before and it was awesome... THEN.we came today to a very moody and very unhelpful concierge. (unfortunately I forgot her name) leaving me in a pissy mood.When I booked with mlife i was told all was taken care of. but was it? NO.first things first our room. we had no options. we were told by mlife that an late checkout would be complimentary just to find out they want us to pay 40 to check out at 3.we had no options with the room and was told we had 2 options.a. smoking room with 2 beds (honestly, i only need 1 and the point of having 2 is just scary)b. non smoking with 1 bed but at the far west tower... ok so I got the non smoking i mean i can always smoke in the hall way right?push come to shove we walked all the way to the west tower with our luggage no one to help.just to find out. HEY OUR NON SMOKING ROOM SMELLS LIKE WEED! yay I call the front desk (first of all the smell was making me naseous and second my butt wasnt going to get charged for smoking weed when i didnt and i dont.)i got a very moody (please fill in the word moody with any unpleasant words) manager and told me that she would send room cleaning up to spray the room. i said no. i want a new room. so, she told us we can either come down or they'll send a bell boy to us to give us our new keys. (considering how far yes i will take the boy even though it took 15 min for him to arrive) SHE telling me that the sprays that the house keeping uses is SOOO strong that they can't smell the weed. (rolls eyes it just means that they dont check and does a half assed job cleaning)we went to our new room. OUR KEYS DON'T WORK.me being pissed and annoyed i went down to the desk talked to the manager pissed and oh so upset since it was 6 already and we had 7 o'clock shows for criss angel which i already told them.he said that he would switch me to another room and gave me an option.1. go back to the west tower and get a room upgrade (only difference being a jetted tub)2. closer room but downgraded.my face being (.................) i took option 1. no one really apologized or offered to carry the luggage.this was just being my check in and it took a little over an hour getting a frikkin room.oh and the bathroom does still smell like weed yay. atleast the room doesnt.... sigh...left the room at 645 to pick up our tickets.... (we stayed 5 min in the room and we arrive around 530..)
3	I was very excited to be staying at Luxor when my friends and I booked here for 4 nights but left wishing I had stayed somewhere else.First when we got to Luxor the check-in line was ridiculous. I swear of everywhere i've stayed in Vegas this has got to have the longest/slowest lines. After about 45 minutes waiting in line we finally got our room on the very top and we were dissappointed. The room was plain and very uninviting & I didn't dig the slanted wall at all.I really didn't like the layout or the feel of the casino floor so I didn't end up playing that much there.Spent some time at the pool and did like that because it was a decent pool and was not crazy busy.Nobody at the casino was mean or rude to us just didn't like the vibe.On a high note my friends and I ran into Criss Angel 3 times while there. Once we were in the elevator (inclinator) and I didnt even notice until a friend poked me and said something. The next time was right outside of the elevator and I was going to go ask for an autograph but his bodyguard looked like if I came close he was going to tackle me and he was on his cell phone yelling at someone so I declined to get near him. The last time was once again at the elevator.I dont hate this place but until their rooms are more inviting and the vibe is better I wont be booking a room there...I might come for a short visit though.
1	There should really be a no star rating. This pace was disgusting. Not only deal it feel dirty in an "hasn't been cleaned" way but it is just run down, strange considering it's only 15 years old. The "comforter" was a small blanket sandwiched between two sheets. Cheap. The elevators NEVER worked. At one point only one elevator was working out of six. I counted over 30 people waiting at one point. After waiting through 3 elevators we were finally able to make it back to our room. And the best thing that happened...the lock on our door got stuck with the dead bolt out. Luckily we were testing it so we didn't get locked in the room becuase who knows if we'd even be out yet. We called the front desk asking for someone to check this out immediately as we had reservations we were going to be late for. After waiting 20 minutes and then being on hold for another 20 we fortuantely had another group of friends staying there so we could put our luggage into the next room and trust the door would be fixed when we returned.When we went to the front desk after we got back and asked if the door was fixed no one had any idea, "But they hoped so." And instead of upgrading us or even offering to comp a meal or something we had to argue with them to wave the stupid resort fee. A fee no one even uses anyways as it covers wired-internt. And it's not even like this was a particularly inexpensive hotel. I would have rather paid $20 or $40 more and stayed somewhere 10x nicer and with better service.
2	We checked out on 2/14. I called around 9 asking them if we can check out at 12 instead of 11 and they said it was fine. (one star right there)As were packing we decided to see how much our total was and checked on the TV. 206? Why? Then we see x4 16.80 resort fee so we cocked our heads like little lost puppies wondering why.We go down to check out and ask them and they cocked their heads staring at the screen wondering why. (this has got to be my worst hotel experience in vegas) Either ways things got cleared and all resort fee's were removed so out total was 110. In the end considering the whole experience I think it should've been less.I wasted too much time on the first day trying to get a decent room.
3	I have mixed feelings about the Luxor because the first of a 3 night stay, they ran out of the room that we were booked for so we were upgraded to a bedroom suite in the towers (not the pyramid) and this made such a huge difference.The bathroom and shower was a little weird, I definitely felt like I was in some kind of pyramid despite not being in the pyramid of the Luxor, because everything was dark and mysterious and twists and turns and tunnels. Yes I am talking about the bathroom. I just got this strange feeling from the whole place that I didn't quite like.But then, our short upgrade was over and we were promptly returned to the Luxor pyramid room. The Pyramid rooms are quite a bit older, stranger, have a slant, and makes very poor use of space in the room. The room is dimly lit, it's got random stains in places I'd rather not know why, and it just seems overall kind of on the old side.If my only experience was staying in the pyramid, I probably wouldn't come back especially for the price. However, if you get a chance to stay in the towers, it's not too bad. Just don't get lost in the bathroom.
3	Pluses: super comfy beds, big bathrooms, nice rooms in general, free internet.Minuses: crappy old TV that buzzes loudly when it's on, really noisy hallways that echo so when someone down the hall leaves their room at 2am, you hear it and wake up; questionable house keeping. The room next to mine ordered room service 3 days ago and put their tray outside their door on the floor. It's still sitting there today. I've seen maids go by, but apparently it's ok to leave food sitting around for days. Good thing there wasn't much food left on the tray- they could easily have a rodent problem.
4	It wasn't bad. I guess i went there with a lower expectation after staying at the excalibur once before. Stayed here with hubby and a couple friend of ours for 3 nights for $150.. My friend and I went to gamble and figured we'd let the guys check in, and hope they would request a higher floor for a better view. bad idea. Lesson learned... next time, do it yourself. cant trust guys, cuz they simply dont care haha. We got a room on the 5th floor. Had it been me that checked in, I would have requested a higher floor... maybe 20 or up. But the view from the 5th floor was really not all that bad. our room was nice, and bed was comfy! so cant really complain- not that i care whether the bed was comfy or not cuz I know when I go back to the room after a night of partying, i could pass out on the floor for all i care ;)
3	NO AX TO GRINDLast weekend, my wife and  stayed at the Luxor for two nights in the East Tower, Room 8304, for a very reasonable price.Arriving late in the day (or early, depending on perspective) at 2:30 AM, we found the check-in desk to be poorly staffed at that time of the morning. Only 3 stations out of about twenty were open and there was a line. It took perhaps 20 minutes to get our room  keys. I'm thinking that the Team Meeting on Guests' First Impressions was not well attended.Beyond the arrival experience, the room  was spacious and lovely - nicely appointed, sparkling clean, and very quiet. The bathroom was particularly impressive with a BIG shower and a DEEP bathtub. Perhaps a second trash can would've been useful, and the absence of a wi-fi connection needs to be addressed. (There is a hardwire connection off the TV available for your laptop.) And the absence of an in-room coffee maker didn't make my wife happy, but I don't drink java so couldn't have cared less. Besides, there are at least three Starbucks outlets in the hotel, and maybe more for all I know.Perhaps those that have reported backed-up sewage, bedbugs, and brown grunge on the walls have an ax to grind. I mean, if one was unlucky at the casino's crap tables, one could subsequently write anything about the room experience whether it's true or not. Since we weren't there to gamble but attend a showing of THE LION KING at the Mandalay Bay Theater next door, I have no beef.Our two meals at the Pyramid Cafe were well-prepared and tasty. The service was attentive. Our hour in the hotel's fitness gym on the morning of departure was well-spent; the room is well-equipped, though somewhat hard to find (adjacent to the Spa) as the facility isn't given exposure in the hotel fact sheet available in the room.I'd stay at the Luxor again without any qualms, though I would try to arrive earlier in the day.
2	Having stayed in the "new" rooms I have to say the rooms are on par with everything else. Nothing special but they are a hike from the hotel into the "new" area. Beyond the room I really have no reason to stay here. Limited to no shops to look at, the food court is no better than what they have at your average mall and they are very limited with what they have for additional restaurants. Night life here flat out sucks. LAX is one of the worst clubs on the strip that will cost an arm and leg to get into and if you don't feel like doing that you'll end up at their lame hotel bar. The worst part about this place is trying to walk through the hotel and being hustled by their timeshare people. I feel like I am being sold timeshares or show tickets at every bend and its flat out annoying.
2	Oh, Luxor......where do I begin? I'll start with the good things. Of which there are few. Pros:Check in was relatively fast considering we got in friday night around 9pm. Had a tower room, 10240, and was pleasantly surprised! There was a brand new, large flat screen TV which I was not expecting. The Ethernet cable was very long and stretched all the way to the bed, which was a must since we brought our laptop. Shower was great, as was the deep bathtub. We had two queen beds, one for sleeping and one for piling all of our souvenirs on lol. The bed was COMFY!! It was hard coming back to my cheap, firm bed. Even tho we were in a tower room, the walk to the Excalibur walkway was only about ten minutes or so, not too bad. And that is where the pro's end. Cons:I knew to expect a Resort Fee, but it was still ridiculous to pay $17 per person, per night for access to the fitness room (which we never used), local paper (which we never got) and internet. The pool was closed so that was pointless. So we basically paid almost forty dollars a day to use the internet. Blah.Our television didn't work when we first checked in. Now, I understand when you go to vegas, the last thing you plan on doing is watching TV. But my boyfriend and I like to wind down our day by laying in bed and watching television, so this was dissapointing. We called and while we were out, they brought a new remote control to our room, thinking this was the problem. Well, whoever brought it didn't check to make sure it worked, and it didn't. Turned out there was a problem with the TV and a technician had to come fix it the next day. Boo.On our third night, we heard SCREAMING coming from the hallway. We listened at the door and could tell something bad was happening. I called security and they asked if it sounded like people having fun. Um, no, this is Vegas and I wouldn't call if I heard people having a good time! Ten minutes later, a woman was still screaming bloody murder, and I could here people scuffling and being thrown against the wall. I called yet again and they said someone would be up. Another ten minutes later, security finally arrived. A woman had been beaten buy her husband and there was blood all over the floor. Why it took TWENTY MINUTES to get security up there is beyond me, and very disappointing. On our last full day, we had to online check in for our flight and print our boarding passes. We called the front desk and they directed us to concierge. Well, when we got down there, we were told ALL of the printers were down and wouldn't be fixed till the next day! WHAT?!?! First of all, the front desk and concierge are not far from each other, so how did the front desk not know the printers weren't working? Second, I'm sure tons of people needed to have their boarding passes printed, why should it take a whole day to have someone get this fixed? AND THEN when we tried using the self serve stations, those didn't work either! We had to wait hours before we could use them and by then, we checked in so late my boyfriend and I were in a position where we might not be able to sit next to each other on the flight home (we flew southwest).And lastly, THE TIME SHARE PEOPLE!!!!!! ACK!!!! We initally did pretty well avoiding them at all costs, as they were easy to spot. However, my boyfriend made the mistake of making eye contact and we were sucked in by their tractor beam. After hearing their pitch I started pulling my boyfriend away, and one of the guys kept asking me "Why don't you want to do it, miss? Why not? Why don't you want to?", in a very bully-like manner that made me uncomfortable. I get why these people are here, but they should have a code of conduct to follow, and clearly they're allowed to do or say whatever they want to. Final summation? It was an okay experience over all, HOWEVER I will never be staying at the Luxor again and would not recommend it to anyone going to Vegas.
2	Oh dear lord.The Luxor is another entry in a long list of places in Vegas I haven't set foot in in FOREVER up until recently. I did a major facepalm once I heard they were removing the Egyptian motif, however, once I walked through here (on my way to Mandalay Bay), I realized how half-assed all of it was.On the bridge from the Excalibur to the Luxor it's still just as Egyptian as it was years ago, come into the casino, and wallah! A complete rip off of trendy, hipster places like the Palms and Planet Hollywood! However, as you walk into the lobby, the giant statue of Ramses is still there. Go to the 2nd floor, and all the decor is exactly the same. The outside facade is...... exactly the same.Congratulations, Luxor. All of this is more than enough proof y'all should have just stuck to the Egyptian theme. PS: I will never forgive you for removing the Games of The Gods arcade.
3	This is my fourth stay in the Luxor pyramid.PROS:  1)  The room rates are very reasonable for what you're getting.  If you're on a budget and don't want to stay in a dumpy place, try Luxor.  2)  The beds used to be uncomfortably hard.  They are much better now.  3)  Rooms are clean and comfortable with a decent amount of space.4)  Nice bathrooms5)  The inclinators are fun to experience at least once in your life.6)  Good housekeeping service.7)  Concierge was pleasant and helpful.CONS:1)  Needs updating, and the walls of the atrium look like they could use a coat of paint or at least a thorough cleaning.2)  The frickin' time share people who accost you at every corner.3)  Not as many in-room amenities as there used to be, and the shampoo bottles aren't cute little pyramids anymore.4)  Not many restaurant choices.5)  It's getting kinda sad...  their little shopping center has hardly any shops anymore.  6)  The toilets are poorly designed -- the toilet paper doesn't always flush down!In the film "Up in the Air", George Clooney's character says something like "Luxor?  That place is a s**thole.  Nobody stays there."  That's very harsh, but I don't think I'll be staying here again.  Nothing against Luxor... just want to try something different, and hopefully nicer, next time.
2	This was my first trip to Vegas. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I guess I had my expectations set too high. The room we had was nothing fancy (for the price we payed). We had a spa situated right next to a window to look at the ugly desert and mountains. We had a king size bed which was pretty comfortable. The dated armoire had a 27" t.v. from 1990. The floor was something I did not touch with my bare feet. The room had a seating area to the side which offered a second t.v. from 1990 coming in at the size of 16". A refrigerator was included, along with a deep purple, egyptian style couch and matching chair. Everything in the room just seemed dated. The bathroom was the only nice thing about this room. The lighting was definitely not great, super dark! The staff was nice when we checked in. Not very helpful with explaining answers to questions we had. They have a 'quick check-out' section, but I was apprehensive to use this method for fear of being over-charged or something. If I ever go back, I will not be staying in Luxor. I'm sure we can find something much better for the amount we spent.
2	I filled out a survey for this hotel for my stay. (Yes I was still pissed).The manager or whatever did offer us a 1 night comp stay..But I dont think I will be coming back.Sorry Luxor I'm staying with your sister hotel. The Mgm.
4	This is where I stayed for my Vegas trip and I liked it. The room was simple but comfortable. The bed was really nice, comfy. I slept well to say the least. The room service was quick and always polite. The baggage holding area was a life saver! And they allowed us to check in hours early!There is a good selection of food, everything from a Deli to a Mexican Bar/Restaurant. Pricey but good.The negatives: A long walk from most of the Strip (it's one of the first hotels on the street) and check in is at 3 so if there's no room you're S.O.L.
2	I miss the Luxor of old days. Where you could stand on the casino floor and look straight up to the light (and hope no hotel guests decided that was the moment they were going to jump). Alas, they've since blocked everything off and tried to hippify themselves. And while not a total fail, I liked it better years ago. Add in the fact that there are no great restaurants (Cathouse no longer serves food, Company is gone, etc.), the pool is lackluster at best, there is no shopping or decent shows... And well, there becomes no reason to come here. Frankly, the main thing they have going for them is the fact that it is all inside a giant pyramid with a light visible from space. And while the whole pyramid and light visible from space thing kinda makes it a must-do, you can do it from outside.
2	I am not a fan.  There's always salespeople trying to sell you something.  It's spooky and dark.  I was on a mission to find craft beer, no luck.  Since Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay, I found myself just walking around and checking stuff out.  I like looking at the Luxor from the outside, but, eh...there's no reason that compels me to stay.
1	I would highly suggest to stay elsewhere. I always wanted to stay at the Luxor, because of the theme, I honestly thought it would be fun. Boy was I wrong. When checking in (about 15 mins to check in) it wasn't too bad, have waited longer in Vegas, I was offered an upgrade to the "Towers" I dont know what kind of upgrade it was, but none I have ever seen. It was dark, outdated and dingy looking inside. Hey we did get a view of the Excaliber hotel HA that was it, It was pathetic. We saw our friends who did not get offered an upgrade and their room was nicer, with a sitting area like we were promised oringinally. Room Service was nasty and cost $60 for an omlette, shrimp and a lipton ice tea lol They charge you an extra $5.00 per person that orders food on top of the high prices, housekeeping never cleaned my room even after 2 calls to them EVEN AFTER the bathroom flooded, the place in general was horrible. The conceierge was rude, nobody seemed as if they cared we were even there. I would go elsewhere for $160 a night. The resort fees are high, but IF people did not see that on the website or check in, must have been blinded by the lights... They are as plain as day! This place has lost the sense of Customer Service and trust me, you dont wanna eat at any of their restaraunts either. Its horrible service and it took 20 mins, yes I timed it, before we got a water, we were so desperate for food, we should have just left tho. The waitress was so disgusting and rude, I was seriously embarrassed for her.....  Please take my advice and look elsewhere, obviously this place has a poor overall rating for a reason. Wish I looked on here, before I booked the hotel.
3	Room Type: PyramidDate: Mar 2011Overall the room was adequate and worked well - I mean, how much time do you actually spend in the room in vegas? I do hear the Tower rooms are nicer, but for the sheer novelty of staying in the pyramid and the convenience its worth a try.The only thing I didnt like was that you had to take one specific elevator (elevator 1B) to get to the room. The other was that the room did not have coffee maker :(Otherwise quite well, $95 per night.Note that its now becoming a habit to tack on an additional "resort fee" of $15-$19 on top of you regular hotel bill......even the Palazzo charged me when I stayed there. Seems like the hotels are going the way of the airline industry - making up fees and  nickel and diming you for just about everything.....
1	This place is wiggity whack! We (my bff and I) had it out with them. It was on the verge of ruining my trip. Well not that bad because I'm not down for places getting the best of me. So I stayed here during Magic last month because of it's close proximity to Mandalay Bay (woulda stayed Mandalay because it has great pools but obviously it's not the season plus I had a strict budget). I had always heard about their sideways elevator so I was anticipating awesomeness. WTF is the big deal. I couldn't even tell, it just felt like a fast abrupt elevator. So to make sure, I called the front desk and her reply was "You couldn't feel it?" (in the RUDEST of tones). NO biotch I couldn't! Strike 1After we got back from seeing Zumanity (which is a Vegas MUST because it's sexy, arousing and hilarious! Can you Yelp about shows, etc.?) we came back to the room to hang out, drink and bond in our pajamas. Well during my bedtime routine in the bathroom, I dropped my tweezers on the bathroom floor and, to my horror, realized that it was DISGUSTING! There were nasty pubes and dust bunnies and other stuff that I didn't catch because I was in shock. As I came out frantic, my friend was complaining that the remote and TV didn't work and the only channel we could access was the M Life (MGM promo/advertising) one. Great! I hate calling and complaining and sounding like a petty bitch. Well they said housekeeping and a repairman would be sent up. The repair guy came but when it couldn't be fixed he said he'd be right back... which apparently meant never. Same with housekeeping. So, after an hour of huffing and puffing we called again. They sent another repairman up who actually resolved the problem and comped us breakfast. Still no housekeeping... but time to go to bed. The next day we did our thing but came back to the room in the evening to realize that no one had cleaned the bathroom again! Another call and more bitching (the guy said he could even hear my friend giving her two cents in the background, nice!) this time to the main manager guy because all of his subordinates were SO RUDE, all five of the ones we talked to. They finally cleaned it, gave us a shower cap (which hotel doesn't have shower caps right there in the bathroom?) and comped us a buffet dinner for two (it was aight) and half of one night's stay. I was happy but it was like pulling teeth. The saga continues... During check out I reminded the lady at the front desk that so and so (I forgot his name now) had comped half a night's stay. Well since it wasn't "noted" they couldn't do it. I DON'T THINK SO. I busted out into "just because he's incompetent and forgot to "note" (full use of quotation fingers) the account doesn't mean that I'm not obliged to what was promised. He said it will be deducted so I expect to have it taken care of. You can call him right now."  After much deliberation and calling in the manager's manager they decided to fulfill what they said they would in the first place. I can't stand when someone has attitude. Get out of the service profession if you're not gonna be customer oriented! I wanted to say to the desk lady "do you think I'm lying?" Instead of saying "no I can't do that, it's not noted" an alternative would be "hmm, the notes don't mention the room reduction but let me check on that for you". Easy breezy. I told her I didn't like her attitude and then she apologized and was gracious. Why do I even have to go there???Needless to say, I won't stay here again (if I can help it). But on a light note, my friend and I went to Cat House, the bar/club on our side of the hotel (because there was no cover before 10:30 AND free cocktails, what a bargain!) and it was fabulous. The decor was grand, drinks were strong and the vibe was good (not too many douche bags). I would want a bar like this if I owned one as it had a black/white/burgurdy burlesque theme with old b/w/ pictures, dim lighting, wall sconces and old Vegas style booths. Saved the stay!
4	great place to stay, even tho' it's a bit toward the end of the strip....the restaurants are pretty nice but pricey, the cat house is hip but usually not as packed as the other clubs in Vegas the slots are decent....we did win a little when we played the slots =P we are not big gamblers so we didn't try our luck at the table games....the elevator seems a bit too shakey and carrot top + chris angel is not really attractive show to me.....we didn't get to see fantasy =( (due to time restrain) the room is pretty clean and the beds are nice.....not smelly nor dirty the new buildings behind the pyramid are a little newer inside.
3	During my whirlwind tour of the Strip in Las Vegas, my friends and I stopped at the Luxor for some drinks. The interior has lost its Egyptian feel and has been remolded itself into the boring Ultra Lounge look. I enjoyed the open feeling of the enclosure and knowing that the walls of the building are where the rooms are located. What really set this hotel/resort apart from the others that we explored during our trip where the attractions that were offered. The "Bodies Exhibit" was in town as well as a collection of items from the Titanic. So if you wanted to be entertained or educated by attractions associated with death while staying in a modern day pyramid, you could. Ah, the irony of it all!
3	Hotels not bad.  The rooms we got were clean and all.  Kinda dated and a few scuff marks here and there but not enough to complain.  Would I stay here again though.  Probably not.  Unless maybe they gave me a some what better room for what I paid.
4	So we didn't stay here, but this review is based on my gambling and dining experience. First off, the giant pyramid is a must see, what a cool design! Inside looks immaculate! The casino floor is spotless and there are tons of tables and slots in this place. I played blackjack in what the Luxor calls the "Party Pit". They have a female dancer dancing on stage in-between the circle of tables. Not distracting to me, but I can see how they're trying to pull attention from your cards... So... PAY ATTENTION so you don't lose $$$. My wife and I ate at the Tacos & Tequila (T&T). Not bad, but overpriced for small portions. You definitely pay for the experience and not the food. All in all this place is really nice and I would come back!
4	I've stayed at the Luxor for over a month in the pyramid. It is one of the coolest hotels and every experience was great.
2	Gah!!   We arrived late in the evening and were given a room with two queen beds (we wanted a king) and when we went down to change rooms, the one we got had a king but also stained carpets, a broken door on the armoire, a plugged drain in the shower , a TV with a volume contral that could not be adjusted, and some indescribable substance smeared on the door frame of the bathroom .  YUCK!!!!  Hotel NOT accommodating to our need to store a large cake in their walk in refrigerator.   Buffet just OK, and gaming tables too pricey.
2	Stayed in the East Tower. Had to call security to rooms on both sides of us on separate nights. To be fair, security sorted them out pretty quickly and asked us if we wanted to move. The cut of the people staying at the hotel is much more likely to be party drinkers and vomiters than other hotels I've stayed at.The breakfast place at the back of the casino had great wait staff and a really good breakfast. Wouldn't stay here again though, unless I could magically become a college student again.
4	Other reviews had me a little worried about this hotel, but my friend and I had a fantastic stay here!  We got a free upgrade to a suite in the West Tower, and the room was enormous and very clean.  I enjoyed the kitschy "Egyptian" hotel decor, which made for a lot of laughs.  The pyramid lobby is really very neat, and very "Vegas"!    The Luxor is on the south end of the strip, but as long as you don't mind walking everything is pretty accessible; one day we walked up to the Trump hotel and back, and we made a lot of other smaller trips out.  But keep in mind that I wouldn't even consider attempting this during the summer.We made full use of the gym (small, but never very crowded) and the pool area.  The Luxor restaurants we tried (T&T and the Pyramid) were slightly below average, but served their purpose just fine.   The casino had plenty of $10 tables, and the employees were all extremely friendly and helpful.   Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're going to Vegas on a budget.
3	Our stay at the Luxor was bitter-sweet to say the least. A huge plus, in my mind at least, was the fact that they had free parking in back for their customers. I was a little shocked simply because they could almost certainly have gotten away with charging a few dollars a day for the right to park there. Finding it, however, was another matter as some of the signs to find it were very cryptic. We had to drive by twice before finding it. That being the case, I had no idea we had that opportunity so we ended up renting a car. Walking into the hotel the casino is right there at the bottom of the pyramid. It wasn't particularly large, but it was very easy to get lost in especially on your first few days there. After a while it became easier, but the unorthodox layout of the hotel overall certainly didn't help the matter.The staff was very friendly upon check in and despite a problem with payment, they were very hospitable. Arriving at the room was the biggest disappointment for me, personally. I've stayed in hotels throughout the world and I would say that the amenities at the Luxor was somewhat disappointing. They completely lacked a minifridge and their toilet paper felt like -- we'll stop there and you can figure that number out. The hotel has a rail connection to both Mandalay Bay and the neighboring Excalibur hotel both of which the hotel ALSO has footbridges to. Furthermore, if you're trying to get out of the hotel by cab (or anything for that matter) note that there is a entrance on the north side that no one ever uses. It was easy for us to catch a cab there, easy for us to be picked up there, overall it was a smarter choice than the main entrance where everyone flocks. Their show Fantasy was essentially a topless dance routine, but there was absolutely nothing wrong with it. The dancers were talented and they were entertaining. I do have to throw out there, however, that the comedian in this show Sean E Cooper was probably the best part of it and it's unfortunate that he doesn't have his own show.The hotel has a buffet but my friends and I often opted instead for the food court which is populated with Quiznos, McDonalds, Nathans, Starbucks and several other fast food joints. The food court never failed my drunken taste buds at 2 am.Lastly, whoever designed the hotel, whether out of necessity or design, seemed to really just want to hide the gym. I spent a good fifteen, twenty minutes walking around looking for it. Overall, however, the hotel provided bedding and a shower which are essentially the only things I used it for. My experience may have been colored by both the company I kept and the experience I had, but overall, the hotel gave us a great place to hang out.
2	Not the standards I would hopeStaying at the Luxor for 7 days. First time in Vegas, and I have to say I was expecting more for the money.Pros: Spacious washroom with both shower and soaker tub.CleanPlenty of closet spaceCons: "Upgraded" from Pyramid room to a room on the third floor of the East Tower - roof level with a lovely view of the roof, air intake units (complete with constant humming), and the side of the pyriamid. Would have been nice to see a tree, plant, or even sunshine.Looonnnnnggggg ethernet cable behind the television stretches across the room and almost reaches the desk. Tripped over  the cable several times. No wireless internetRoom service dishes sat in the hallway two days before being picked up from the room next door - I don't get the impression they are service oriented.A maze of hallways and elevators to manouver through to get to the room.Smoking in the casino common areas - smell like smoke at the end of every dayOverall, it's a hotel. For Vegas, I guess I just had my hopes set a bit higher.
2	I recently had the opportunity to visit Vegas and wanted to stay on the strip. This hotel fit the bill in that regard. However, even in an upgraded suite I was not pleased.This hotel needs some serious updating. Both of our TV's were big tube TV's, the sofa and chair looked like they had been ridden hard and put away wet. They were faded and sunk in in spots. This hotel does not offer WI-FI at all, free or otherwise. They do have 'wired' interet that is free. I found this to be a pain. There is a black box attached to the TV that i supposed to have an ethernet cable attached to hook up your computer. Neither of my TV's had the ethernet cord necessary for internet hook up. When Icalled down to the desk, the woman had me pulling both TV's off the shelf to see if there was a cord behind. I told her there was not a cord behind either TV, and she sounded like she didn't believe me. Finally she agreed to send someone to check it out. A man came and saw that there was no cord available and hooked one up that he had brought with him.I found out that any hotel on the strip will loan a wheelchair to someone in need, whether you are a guest of their hotel or not. The Luxor charged a $15 per day fee even as a guest ofthe hotel.Less than friendly staff!Also the atmosphere was not as Vegas-y as I would have liked. I do not recommend staying at this place.
3	Stayed with the hubby for a quick So-CA / Vegas Run and it was in the price range. Good for a quick get-away, so not for lux, pampering, up to date NOTHING. Our room was something outta the 80's Vegas. Tube TV, chipped bathroom tiles. Upon arrival our requested room, Pyramid Suite, was not available and a hotel upgraded room was givin. If that was an upgrade, our suite musta really sucked ass. BUT, like I said, you pay for Oreos, you get Oreos. Want gormet wonderland, go for the Newer hotels and pay for it. Remember Vegas is hurting too in these tough times and with the amount of Penny Sluts, I mean Slots everywhere, have to make it up elsewhere. Again, you get what you pay for.
4	My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights in a spa suite.Pros:Clean room, bedding, and fresh towels were provided dailyClean casinoOpen casino layout, easy to navigateEasy parkingWalking bridges to Mandalay Bay & ExcaliburCocktail waitresses were plentifulFriendly employeesQuite room (We didn't hear anything from any of the rooms, or outside)Egyptian theme lobby and rooms (may not be for everyone)Cons:No WiFi.....WTF??!!Armoire and night stand were a bit beat-upTV was old, but worked since we only use it for weather channelTime share people (but they are easy to avoid)I would say overall it's a decent and fun hotel to stay at.
2	The pyramids were built 3200BC and this is about when the rooms at  the luxor were last updated.Musty orders, dingy carpet, peeling ceilings, well worn furniture, stained curtains and CRT tvs are some of the relics you will find in this site.Long slow moving check in lines and slow delivery on requests to the font desk come with the added resort fee.The one neat thing here is the elevator, after a few drinks going up at a slant is quite interesting.
1	I'm only giving a review for the casino part of luxor. I didn't stay here.I haven't been back to vegas within the last 4 years or so. I honestly don't remember the Luxor being this horrid at all. This hotel definitely went down hill, they honestly did NOT up keep this hotel at all. Reading the prior reviews from other customers - this place really took a toll on the strip. No wonder it's so cheap to stay here~!I stayed at the Mandalay Bay which connects to the Luxor. On my first day in Vegas, I checked in and decided to grab a bite to eat somewhere close by. So my boyfriend & I decided to grab late lunch at T&T. On the way to T&T, there was a small booth near the showbox or whatev. The booth were swarming with pushy representatives from the hotel trying to sell timeshares (I guess? I didn't get that much far into the conversation with them). At first the rep asked how old I was, I thought I was getting carded from the tone of his voice. But actually, he was trying to get my boyfriend & I to go on this 2-3 hr tour and we would receive two free tickets or whatever. NO THAAAANK YOU. Time is money, I'm on vacation. But he would not stop after we told him we weren't interested. They were pushier than car salesmen! They were practically demanding us to put a deposit with our credit card. They were seriously harassing everyone. And they kept trying to give us a deal to stay at the luxor, excalibur, golden nugget for free - NO THANKS. And they were still trying to sell us stuff on the last day of our trip when we told them we didn't have time to speak with them because we only had 2 hours left! I honestly don't know how customers who stayed at the luxor deal with these folks!The bar looks empty - day and night. How is that? It's Vegas!
4	I would wright a nifty paragraph or essay about this hotel however being so that there are hundreds of reviews for this hotel I thought I would give you a pros and cons list of The Luxor Pros:Room with a jacuzzi always a plusRoom ServiceLarge BuffetTender Steakhouse Food CourtFine Mexican FoodCarrot Top (if your into that sort of thing)Criss Angel (again if your into that sort of thing)Titanic ExhibitBodies ExhibitOpen CasinoPlenty of parkingSpaThe Cons:Hecklers all about the casino trying to sell show ticketsOld TV's in the room (no LCD)They charge $50.00 bucks per night for movie rentals on your card.There were cracks on some of the furnitureThere was a two hour long wait list for the steak houseCarrot Top (not a fan)Criss Angel (full of himself)No WifiWell, there you have it folks. Your call! :)
2	Carpet in room was heavily stained.Maids did not replace shampoo, soap or tissues as needed.Extras were an iron, ironing board and hair dryer.  That is it.Room AC/heating system had two settings, too hot and too cold.Cheapest lighting I have ever seen.   If they only want 25 watt bulbs they could at least go with compact fluros so you can see.They LIE about room charges.  If a particular charged is REQUIRED then it needs to be added to the price listed for the room,  not tacked on after you check in.  YOU  had better figure on an additional $10 per night regardless of the rate you get quoted.No bathtub in my room.  But on the flip side the shower drain was partially plugged so did get a three inch bath for the feet.Antique pre-HIDEF television sets with unreliable cable.  Nothing like watching MONK and having the TV cut out just as he starts explaining the crime.No WIFI.  You actually have to connect with a cable.  Ever try to do that with an IPAD?  My wife had her laptop so was happy but I had to use my own WIFI for my IPAD.  Hotels in Winnemucca  are more cutting edge. Crappy toilets.  (Pun intended.)  The bowl is so shallow you have to flush two or more times to get the toilet paper to go down. They do not have a pool.  They got a three foot deep wading pool fit for four year olds.  If you like to swim, go somewhere else.My wife and I played $1000 on the dollar video poker and only got ONE  four of a kind.  That means the money went fast and we only gambled two nights out of seven.  The comps suck on top of the bad pay offs. Only place we stayed at that was worse was the Sahara and that is getting closed down.
3	It's a hotel in Vegas. All i need is a place to lay my drunken head.  The Luxor accomplishes this.
5	NOTE TO READER:The Luxor is a great place to go if you want Vegas, but on a budget. Do not expect the Luxor to be a low priced but with Bellagio or MGM Grand standards...its not gonna happen. It Just a great place in Vegas for the price. Pro:huge suite in the east towerMonstrous bathroomWired Internet Spacious casinoHome of LAXHome of CathouseTwo bar/lounges (Aurora and Liquidity)Food court Helpful staffNuture Spa and Salon is wonderfulPretty pool areaNice tablesVast ParkingRoom serviceNice conciergeClean, open casinohotel is easy to navigate2 exhibits and four shows.2 or 3 sit down resturantsCons: None of the ATMs accept deposits. No WiFiThe breakdown of my trip:I stayed in the a Tower Luxury Suite in the East Tower. It was nice and worth the extra $$$. Why go to Vegas and stay in a room that reminds you of your bedroom? Bathroom was large. But I have seen the Tower Premier Suites and yes they are bigger, but they are also more $$$. Jet tub and big shower.The Tower Luxury Suite looks just like it does on the website, minus the flowers. There was no Flatscreen, but that didn't bother me since I didn't spend that much time in my room anyway. The room comes with a fridge and a nice sitting area. That fridge came in handy.  The carpet was clean. The fridge was clean. The bathroom was kept clean during my entire visit. All in all, I don't see why people are talking bad about this place. I mean yeah, the MGM grand has more amenities, but the prices are high, the service is bad and the rooms are not as clean as they should be. I guess people downplay the Luxor because its been there for a while and people don't think its hot enough...Whatever I thought it was great.
2	I've stayed in many hotels in Las Vegas.  Unfortunately the Luxor was the worst one we have been in.  I know our stay may have just been an unlucky visit.  However, so many things went wrong.  There is a big difference from a 3 star hotel, and the 4 and above.When we got into the elevator there was an old lady trying to get to her floor.  Her card didn't work properly.  After we talked to her, she had been up and down 3 times and it kept passing her floor.  We used our card and it passed it once.  Finally it allowed us to got off on our floor.  Not sure about the old lady, because she was still on it when we left. The room is okay.  We stayed in the original building, not the tower.  Supposedly the tower is newer.  We wanted the feel of the original building.  The bathroom is good.  The biggest problem I had with the room was that there was a table spoon size yellow stain right on top of the sheet/comforter.  I say sheet/comforter, because it isn't a comforter, but thicker than a sheet.  Luckily its warm enough to not need a comforter.  Any how, if I can see a stain on the comforter when I walk in, then it should have been noticed by those cleaning the room.  After we settled down we wanted to watch tv.  First off all hotels in Las Vegas should have a tv larger than 19 inches, and I would expect a flat screen.  Guess that's why they are not rated 4 stars.  Then again it is probably so you go out and gamble more.  We tried using the tv but that batteries didn't work.  It was too late to worry about getting batteries or using the small buttons on the tv for it to work.  The internet is wired.  They haven't figured out technology for wireless yet.  It would cost too much to do that.  We later used the elevators again.  Once again they didn't work properly.  Someone else was stuck on it again.  Don't follow the directions on how they tell you to use them.  It says to remove card quickly.  If you do, expect to be on there for a while.  Anyway, I would have rated it with one star, but the people at the front desk are really friendly.  Plus, the beds are really really soft.  If you like firm beds, go somewhere else.
3	It's hard to compete on the strip. There are a lot of good places, and as our taxi driver put it: the new is always the "it". What you can get at more dated places is a good value. The Luxor is still a good distance from a lot of hot spots, so staying there can help you save a little cash but still get the Vegas experience. The rooms are clean, cozy, and orbitz will get you a good deal.
5	What Jessica R. said.We've been coming to Las Vegas now about 5 times since 2006, our last visit was from 4/3 to 4/8.  Every time except once we've stayed at the Luxor and it rates 5 stars from me because we DO keep going back.  Why?-Reasonable room rates, even with upgrade to Tower Deluxe room which we always do as I just LOVE the separate bathtub/shower-So you don't get a good view of the Strip.  Big deal.  Walk outside.  I'm just happy my curtains close properly & the room is dark for sleeping. -I've always sleep really well and have not yet had a problem with noise.-No coffee pot? no fridge?  no shampoo?  Bring your own.  I think in Vegas most hotels don't put those in the standard rooms as... it's Vegas - they want you to get out of your room, eat in their restaurant downstairs & buy their spa products.  But if you call housekeeping, the staff wil gladly give you any shampoo, etc that you need-Yeah, it is south of the other hotels on the Strip, but we like to walk (gives us something to do 'cause we don't gamble. hehe) or take the bus if needed.  Never had a problem getting to or from a show.-good access via the walkway to Mandalay Bay.  Nice bars and restaurants.  Speaking of...-Just love T&T (Tacos & Tequilas) in the Luxor's Atrium. High quality Mexican food and the drinks will make you very happy.-Fantasy is the best stripshow we've seen.  The girls are terrific dancers, their lovely host can sing and is funny, comedian Sean is a riot.  I'm just sayin'.It's a decent hotel that get's overlooked, but that's the way it is.  Over the years we've had a few problems (missing TV remote, hate the resort fee that's tacked on for services we do not use) but never had any charges on our bill that were wrong.  Friendly helpful staff.  That's all, folks.
2	A few things they don't tell you:1. Mandatory resort fee.  $18 per night for internet, etc.  There is no wireless.  Both my husband and I do a lot of our work remotely. Once he logged in, it would allow me access.2. Our room was in the tower.  It's quite a hike out there- and after you meander through the maze of back hallways to the elevator, there is a long line to get on.  The wait can be up to 10 minutes. We ended up trudging up the stairs (not easy to find) to the 8th floor instead of waiting.Last but not least- they have a strong scent in the air that gave me a pounding headache. If you have allergies at all, this is not the place to stay.
2	OMG!  Do NOT stay in the Pyramid.  Try to get a room in the tower.  There are no coffeemakers in the rooms.  My room in the Pyramid was gross.  The shower was covered in mildew.  The doorknob was missing off the closet.  There was a huge hole in the bedsheets.  But the worst thing was the clock & light on the nightstand were unplugged and when I went to plug them in I found an inch layer of fuzz, some business cards and used Q-Tips behind the nightstand. Eww I called down the first time to see if I could get a coffeemaker (I was there for work) only be told by the Manager Micheal that he couldn't (or wouldn't) help me.  He was not very nice at all.The only reason I give two stars is because after I saw the used Q-Tips I called down again and talked to another manager named Jimit.  He was very nice and helpful.  He immediately put me in a room in the West Tower which was MUCH nicer.
3	Stayed here over a weekend for my daughter's B-Day-I was not given A ROOM*** with a view, well OK we had the view of the black pyramid- I wanted the Excalibur side-would've been more fun for her guests to look at ...I also requested  the highest room possible and I was given the 7th floor and because of College Basketball no other room was available or they were just lying to me!!!I know, I know - I understand that no rooms are a guarantee but as a customer I'm allowed to whine a little....We got the premier suite with an adjoining room. It was nice & about a little over  1500 sq ft all together. Some of the lights did not work and as I was decorating a service man came in because the cleaning lady said the automatic curtains don't work. I told him about the lights and he said he'll send someone up - no one ever came and I was too busy to care.The kitchen  is too small and the refrigerator is a mini one and doesn't cool very well so bring lots of ice.The room served it's purpose for us....The kids or should I say pre-teens loved THE POOL *** I think they felt like they were on an episode of MTV's Spring Break. There are a few concrete squares in the middle of the pool to lay out in the sun or as the kids and adults were using it for - to dance on. There was also a female DJ out there spinning her beats....There is a waterfall in the pool area that tricks everyone because it looks like a waterslide- it's not!!!!THE HOTEL ***itself looked fine-not run down like some people thought..It was just so damn busy - lines forever- bad for us because of the wait and hellah good for them for the money. It was hard for my guests to find us and we didn't use WIFI of course but I think it is stupid to charge for that....Sign up online and you get a 20% coupon - a big helpI wouldn't mind staying here again.....
4	Just gorgeous! Nice and cheap food court. Airy and spacious and bright casino.
1	Okay so the price is cheap but really? You get what you pay for. Service was horrible. The people were rude. The Internet is WIRED!!! I mean how ancient is that?! haha. I just did not have a good experience with this place. We had a pyramid room, found pubic hair in the sink! .... eww. Mold in the showers, and room service that never arrived. They did upgrade us to a Tower Delux room which was nicer but still had crappy old TV's, and the bathroom in the suite was dirty. There was hair all over the floors- pretty nasty. Overall, I really wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. EVER. But if all your looking for is a bed to crash in with bad service? Go for it. It's cheap. I actually like to be taken care of a bit when I pay to stay somewhere.
4	Ok, so 90% of the rooms do suck in this place.  However, like any ugly group of girls or guys at a bar, there's always one that stands out.  And the rooms that stand out for this baby are the Pyramid Spa Suite rooms facing Excalibur , which I think is the West view (or maybe East...hmm).I wish I can remember the room number exactly b/c that room was updated from floor to ceiling, except for the two outdated TVS, but aside from that everything was new here - new armoires, new couches, new carpet, new jacuzzi tiles, new walk in shower, new comforter and pillow cases! lol - Yes, I'm so going back there.  The view of Excalibur wasn't so bad either when ur chilling in ur private jacuzzi drinking a glass of wine, doing ur thang, whatever that is playa!  Just make sure to ask for the most recent updated spa suite room and u will leave happy with that special someone; a bit in debt, but happy for the most part. :)
3	Hotel is tired and not the most modern, but at $60 - $75 per night I am not complaining!
2	Went here with friends for a girls weekend and the hotel was clean and rooms were ok, nothing really special about it. Rooms were average did have some stains on the curtains ewww! I wouldnt stay again cause its way to far from all the nightclubs and it didnt seem as lively as the other hotels i've stayed in before!
3	not as 'grand' as other hotels in las vegas. but a spectacle none the less. -it's a PYRAMID for goodness sake!the lines in this place (for food, for rental cars, to check in) are ridiculous but this seemed like a trend in Las Vegas in general. i don't fault luxor.check in was fine after the long wait, but the lady forgot to give us our keys! we went all the way up the 'inclinator' (since it's a pyramid, the elevator has to do some pretty weird stuff that warrants a different name) to our room before we discovered this. the inclinator was a ROCKY ride! we went all the way down, waited again...and free UPGRADE! so we never saw the 'regular' rooms. we went to the east tower with a regular elevator. ;-) the room was clean, spacious and more than acceptable for the cost.it's right near the end of the strip, near the airport.in general, luxor is a good, more budget conscious chioce, but it's not as beautiful as other hotels on the Las Vegas Blvd.
3	Stayed in the pyramid spa suite. It was very spacious, and the jacuzzi was fun to use at night, overlooking the airport and the Mandalay Bay.Each spa suite is located at the corners of the pyramid, and there are 4 sets of elevators in each corner with each corner only going to a specific set of floors. As luck would have it, our suite was on the opposite side of the pyramid from the elevators that serviced our floor, so the walk to get to and from the room was quite exhausting. Anyone booking one of these suites should ask at check in where their room is in relation to the elevators for their floor. After walking all day long, the last thing we want is more walking back at our hotel.The elevators (inclinators) in the pyramid are fun. Every day you will see drunk people almost fall over as they go up sideways, not straight up and down like normal elevators. Also, they added a security measure where someone on the elevator needs to insert a room key for a room on that floor in order for the button for that floor to light up. Always good for some fun watching people repeatedly press the button for their floor, wondering why it won't light up, and then getting upset when it passes their floor.Luxor is not the classiest place on the Strip, but it's definitely one of the most affordable while still getting the experience of staying at a big Vegas hotel casino. If you're looking for an economical vacation that gives the Vegas experience, Luxor is a good option.
3	Well where do i start ... lets start with the fact that i stayed here in Feb 25th 2010 was my 2nd time going to Vegas and was just looking for a good deal Luxor was the pick! we got to the hotel and it looked a little run down we thought oh well were not going to be in the room for long any ways. We got to the room and felt that it was a little gloomy and of course it looked alot more run down then the hotel it self. I understand that it was built some time ago but the rooms need major renos. The bars i went to were Flight bar Aurora or something both were great!!*The bar tender at Flight Bar made me a Raspberry lemonade martini with a pink sugar rim fresh squeezed raspberrys and it was good!! *I checked out the Titanic exhibition and it was really good !! well worth the $30.00 something i paid line ups were huge tho so make sure you do not go around lunch time !! LAX nighclub was one of the better ones ive been to so far! Classy look on the inside but wayy tooo crowded! I know my post seems pretty negative but i didnt mind any of it at all i can see others who will never go back but for me its a nice small hotel not as big as the other ones and its easy to get around to other hotels near by Mandalay Bay , Excalibre, New York New York, MGM Grand! I do say give it a try .. but only of your looking for a good deal after staying at the Aria i probably wont go back to the Luxor but i had and enjoyable stay!! no issues with service everyone was fantastic!!
4	The elevators freaked me out a little since they ride at an angle; otherwise this was a nice clean place to stay.  Love that I can go from Luxor to Mandalay Bay inside.
2	Rooms are OK and affordable. Internet service is awful - no WiFi and, while there is an Ethernet cable, it's about 8 ft away from the desk! Who planned this place? Even when connected, throughput is glacially slow. AT&T 3G service in area is also awful.Service at registration desk was very nice but employees of property shops don't speak or understand English too well, so expect a huge amount of frustration, even for the most patient of you.Sum: stay elsewhere.
2	I wasn't that impressed with Luxor. It could've been that I left this hotel after two days to go stay at MGM. The $17 resort fee is bullshit because they BARELY provide you with anything. They'll give you a newspaper, but you have to get it yourself, and they only have an ethernet cable for internet. No wifi. Also, my mom's pillow had a stain on it. The pool was ok. Nothing special in my opinion.
3	Welcome to 1982's version of Egypt. This place is pretty interesting. The design is inconsistent. From the outside it gives the impression you're walking into a pyramid, as is the point of the many Sphinx like statues outside and throughout the lobby. The deeper you go into the casino, however, the more confused you are about the ambiance. There are neon lights everywhere (shocking, I know, it's Vegas) but they way they are tracked throughout the casino, it reminds me of a 1980's nightclub. Part of me loves the Luxor for this, it brings me back to the 80's and that makes me nostalgic, but the rest of me wants so much for them to stick with the Egyptian theme and make the casino consistent with the Lobby and outside. Moving onto the pool- I will say that the pool is very nice. The pool attendants are also very responsive and quick with your orders, which is not always the case at other Las Vegas Hotel pools. The guy who gives poolside massages is also very sweet. Although we were not interested in a massage he was still very nice to us and engaged us in a lovely conversation about Vegas, not a sales pitch, which I really appreciated. The guest rooms were nothing to brag about. What I found interesting is that this is one area where they stay consistent with their Egyptian theme, and maybe not the best place to maintain this theme. The bedspreads were obviously very outdated (consistent with the casino) and the only wall decoration they had were of what were supposed to be ruins and artifacts, but were laughable. Also, while we did have a non-smoking room, because our room was in the pyramid section of the hotel that over looks the casino- our room smelled of smoke due to poor ventilation of the casino as well as the design structure. In all fairness though, this casino is constantly offering deals, and for $70 a night, you can't really beat it. It's also quite the late night hot spot for young gamblers leaving LAX.
1	So we got 2 nights at the Luxor for free for doing a timeshare tour (which wasted 4 hours of our lives).. never stayed there before but I expected it to be nice considering its connected to the Mandalay Bay and across from the MGM. After this weekend and upgrading to the PH Towers for $139, I can tell you Luxor is a dump and I wouldn't stay here again even if it was free.First of all, I still had to pay the resort fees which included a broken ethernet cable that was as slow as molasses. No WiFi. AND the TV was a tube TV I could get new for $20 .. This is 2011.. Not to mention the cable went completely out the whole day Saturday. Only Lifetime and their own Carrot Top channels worked. We were going to use the ice bucket to put ice in but when I looked inside there was an old used razor blade that wasn't ours. At least when the maids came they disposed of it.. Later when we were getting ready in the bathroom, all of a sudden the middle panel under the sink decided to fall out and fall on me, revealing what were probably scorpion remains inside. I nearly puked. To top it off, when we got back to the room we started playing music off a Macbook (which isn't very loud) and playing beer pong. 20 minutes later a rent-a-cop knocks on our door and threatens to evict us because he had already been up to our floor multiple times.. I told him I'm sorry but we had just gotten back here and he hadn't visited us prior. He still told me he wanted to evict us. Now we are staying at the PH Towers and it's an upgrade x10000000000.In short, I would rather stay at Circus Circus over Luxor.
3	I have been to Vegas 5 times and I always saw the big pyramid at the end of the strip and thought it would be cool to stay here. I was happy with the room, it was clean and roomy. The View that we had was of the pool, so it saved me from having to wake up super early to go down and get a seat by the pool.The location of the Hotel is not the best though. Especially if you don't want to sit in traffic in a taxi or walk. But almost everything you could need is inside the hotel. There are plenty of bars, and restaurants, and the Casino is very fun. The Age group at this casino is a little younger than some others which I liked. The Hotel Exhibits and shows weren't the best though. There needs to be some updating.
3	We stayed in the East Tower.  To get to the elevators is a chore through the maze.  The room was okay with a flat screen tv and nice bedding.  Housekeeping needs worked on.  When we checked in there was a dirty towel and used soap on the sink, although it did get better for the other two days.  The resort fee is a joke.  It includes internet which is by ethernet cable, and a short one at that.  Now I could see wired internet at a hotel by the Pentagon where most of the guests are prohibited from using wireless, but come on there is no good reason for it in Las Vegas.  The location isn't very central as the only strip casino further south is Mandalay Bay.  Will probably look elsewhere next trip.
3	In 1996, when the Luxor was somewhat new, I was in my teens hanging out with my parents (when it was still okay for kids to go to Vegas because there were cool arcades to go to), I saw the Luxor as the place to stay and would often ask my parents if we could stay there someday. Fast forward to last weekend, on a last minute plan to go to Vegas, I finally had the opportunity to stay at Luxor.The place doesn't really have the same awe to me like it had back in the 90's, and from what I've heard, after a couple of years it has toned back a bit on the Egyptian theme throughout the casino.We stayed in the West Tower (unfortunately, not the pyramid, damn), so we couldn't try the inclinators. I assume it's probably not big deal, but I'm still curious about it anyway.  The rooms we stayed in were two doubles, and all in all the room looked pretty clean. The room isn't big though, it seems to be around 400-500 sq ft and isn't the best place to stay if you intend to have 4+ people to stay in the room. Also, everything in the room seems to be updated recently, and besides the samsung lcd tv, it doesn't have the things you would expect at the newer hotels in the area. The rest of the casino is pretty much standard, there's a small food court area that has a McDonald's, there are two clubs Cathouse and LAX, and the casino offers connections to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur (which leads to the rest of the strip).  So it's an okay place to stay, but if you are looking to see the rest of the strip, try staying at the hotels a couple blocks north.  Unless you want to walk everywhere you go, you'll save a bit more money on taxi rides staying somewhere else.  These hotels don't look big until you have to walk through/around them.
3	Officially on my list of Hotels that need to go away.  If you're looking to impress somebody, don't stay here. If you need a place to stay with the gang, sure why not.The Pyramid Hotel is just dated now, with its fluorescent lights in the hallways and in your bathroom it doesn't do anything to the dreary lighting inside the entire hotel. Unless they were really going for the, you're in an archeological site and you're about to spend a night in a tomb theme, then they get an A+.Notes:Definitely used the valet if you're checking in because the self park is on the opposite side the world and takes an eternity to get to the front desk. (i'm pretty sure they're used to people walking in with coolers too)The Luxor Pool was pretty busy with everyone in the pool with a beer in hand and having a loud time, but people walking from the structure can see everything.Our welcome package got 2 people in to Cat House for free.The sideways elevators are not fun. Any abrupt movements have you leaning against your neighbor.
4	It was on the end of the strip but I had no problems geting around town. We stayed at some ridiculous jacuzzi suite room with 2 beds and a living room complete with mini fridge but no mcrowave?!?! Fine by me to split two huge beds between 3 girlfriends for $50.
4	A girls weekend in Vegas had the 6 of us looking for the BEST priced hotel on the Strip. The price we got at the Luxor for 2 queen beds couldn't be beat anywhere. So the Luxor it was. I'm a HUGE fan of the valet parking, the best part is it's free. The Valets where nice, friendly, helpful and right up on it. The bell staff also gets high marks for thier service and friendliness. When you have 6 girls you have lots of luggage, they were careful and professional the entire time. Check in was fast and easy. We were upgraded as we had requested two rooms adjoining...so although we wanted to be in the Pyramid the Towers were nice. The Hotel Cafe has a bit to be desired. We ate here on the way in and out. The way in was tolerable...although the menu selection wasn't anything to be deisred. Its the same menu for room service. On the way out we were desiring the Buffet and ventured to the More Buffet but couldn't justify $35 for breakfast. COME ON that is ridiculous even for VEGAS! So the cafe again it was. Once we were in the front of the line the wait for a table was autrocious, THEN the wait for the waitress to even come over for drinks was a good 20 mins. so much luck for getting out of Vegas before noon. The food was good, and satisfied the masses. Saturday we spent the day at the pool and got a cabana. There seems to be some false advertisement on the Luxors website about the cabanas. As it stated that drinks, and a fruit plate was included. Upon asking about the fruit plate we were informed that it was for the higher ended Cabanas, yet the website did not clearly state this. The Cabana Host manager stated he knew this and apologized. UMMM We want our DAMN FRUIT!  Getting the the Cabana by 10am as requested we were all STARVING and looking around for a waitress. Called the front area...they said one would be over. 15 mins later still no Waitress. Finally we went to the front and asked for a waitress....5 mins later a sweet waitress came over took our drink and food orders. Well what happened next floored me. The regular waitress for our cabana shows up a good 30 mins later pissed off that someone else served us and treated us like shit the rest of the day. NOT GOOD SERVICE AT ALL! IT definatly put a damper on our drinking and enjoyment of the pool services. Overall I'd go back to the LUXOR, it was a good price for the room. It is a bit south on the strip and a walk to a lot of the other hotels...but the if you have desire to leave the hotel area its a good choice.
2	This was one of the few places we booked along our road trip without looking at the reviews first - lesson learned. The exterior is deceiving and fun to look at; not comparable to the interior rooms. We stayed in the pyramid, and were so excited about the super low rate we got online. We knew the pyramid was older than the towers, but were still expecting a decent room considering we were staying on the strip. When we checked in, the desk attendant told us we would have a view of Excalibur; wrong. Instead, we had a view of a deteriorating rooftop and part of the Luxor tower. There is no wifi. An ethernet cable is provided, but my husband had to dig around behind the TV to restart the router in order to get it to work. Our shower was clogged. After 5 minutes in the shower I was standing in still water. I had to end my shower early before it started overflowing onto the bathroom floor. We called maintenance, and left to wander around Vegas. When we returned there was a big black ring around the drain, indicating they had used a plunger to unclog our shower drain, and didn't clean up the mess.In the evening, the hotel was deserted; hardly anyone was walking around. We figured it was because it was a Tuesday night - wrong again. We walked to the Bellagio for the dinner buffet and the place was packed. People everywhere, enjoying the offerings of the Bellagio.I'm glad we only stayed for one night, and very glad we didn't "upgrade" to a different room; I'm sure we would have been just as disappointed and out more cash. I've stayed at The Signature Towers at MGM, and it was a completely different experience. The Luxor is bleak in comparison.
1	You old ugly thing - go away! The construction and confusing directions to our room had us lost and after walking into our room, and not setting down a thing, we walked out and got our money back. Smelly, dirty, not particularly friendly or helpful staff at the lobby desk. For about $30 more we were treated to NYNY who blew away each expectation and made the trip so special. Close shop and start over maybe. Sorry. I hate one star ratings .... :(
3	OK place to stay.The rooms are simple and clean; although there are not extras like the other hotels (safe, fridge, wi-fi).The TV is very outdated.The hotel is overall clean; has few bars and eateries around the hotel.The pool is nice. Spacious comes with a live DJ during spring break.They charged a resort fee.Do LOVE that their night club "LAX' gives free mixed drinks for ladies with wristbands. The free drinks are actually vodka with a mix. The wristbands are given during the day when you walk around the hotel.
3	As a gambling lover, I always love coming to vegas.  I've been to many casinos in northern california such as red hawk, cache creek, thunder valley, and even one in redding called win-river casino.  I have never been asked if I wanted a massage while playing cards until today at a pai gow table.  We had a full table and the player on the right of me accepted the massage offer from the worker, which then turned the player's chair around and put a giant cushion in front of him to relax on.  During the game, the massager was going all out on the player beside me.  After ten minutes, the massager told the player that it was $20 and if he wanted to continue for more.  Pretty sweet deal if you ask me.  As far as their cocktail waitresses, they rarely ever came by to serve us drinks.  I'd say they came by once every 2 hours.  Overall, I'd go back for sure some day to gamble.Three stars for being an average casino that was good, but nothing stood out from the hotel to me except for the massage therapist.
5	Nice inexpensive place to stay. Looks awesome at night from the outside.Rooms were clean. The view was awesome from our room.
2	As a kid I was really into Egyptology stuff, and in 1996-ish I was staying with an uncle in Arizona, when my mom picked me up to take me back home to Oregon we flew out of Las Vegas, we had the time so my mom took me to the arcade in the Luxor and that awesome.But that was a long, long time ago.  I recently booked a vacation on a whim to Las Vegas and was excited to see we would be staying at the Luxor since I had awesome memories nearly 20 years ago.  But a lot has changed in 20 years - but you wouldn't know that by the rooms at the Luxor.Like many others we were hit with a fee when checking in we didn't even know about and there was no getting out of it.  We were told free continental long distance was included in our room, but that didn't turn out to be true.Then onto our room.  The way the elevators are placed in the Luxor there are two in either corner, well our room was in the corner not near the elevator.  Which basically meant we had to walk to one end of the casino to get the elevator then walk all the way back to get to our room.  Not a big deal, unless you've been out walking the strip ALL DAY LONG and by the time you get back to your room and your buzz is wearing off the last thing you want to do is keep walking, and walking, and walking, and walking.  The elevators are also kind of frightening.  They had more turbulence then our flight in and I thought for sure we were going to get stuck in them one evening.... no they just paused..... for...... a..... terribly.....long....... time.The room itself was dingy and grimy and the smell could knock you out.  I'm a pack a day smoker and the air quality in our room was disturbing.....  Our air conditioning had a mind of it's own, sometimes the room was so cold you needed a parka and other times I was sure we were baking alive in the room.I didn't find the staff to be particularly helpful or friendly in an area of the hotel or casino.  Everyone who worked their seemed to hate their life and hate ours just for being there.Sooooo.... would I stay there again?  If it was the only cheap place I could find - maybe.   But I think you're better off if you're booking online to spend the fifty bucks up and stay at a different hotel.   Also, it's so far down the strip it's kind of no-mans land.
1	Crappy hotel with crappy scary elevators, everything are outdated and worn out, CRT tv and no wifi!?
3	We checked in for 3 days and the casino and hotel was good but the handicapped room they gave us was in the west tower and was a real long way away from the front desk and front of hotel , if you love Starbucks there are 3 of them in the hotel , as with any Vegas resort on the weekend the parking can be a major problem the valet parking fills up quickly.
3	This place recently updated their gaming floor to have a cleaner and upscale look...Because of that, the table limits are now starting at $10 on a Monday.We walked past the pool and the water was a clear and clean blue.Walked around for a little and they seemed to have a lot of things to do and see: shopping, ride the free tram, Criss Angel, eating places, Starbucks.
4	We are staying here at the Luxor until Saturday and I couldn't be happier! The room we had was beautiful and clean. The TV we had was a flat screen and the bed was more comfortable than my bed at home! The jacuzzi was the bomb with room for 2 as the stand alone shower. I had heard warnings of a bed bug issue here and good news- not one bug was found! ( despite the rigorous hunting around/under the mattress/bed board/desk/couches by my husband did with his special light) the breakfast buffet was great and served it's purpose... Plus the discount you get when you stay in the hotel is great! I would most definitely come again!
2	Nice place to stay the $16.80 resort fee per night is a little hard to swallow. Tower rooms were nice, spacious and clean. No WI-FI! Claims to have internet in all the rooms, but no-one could tells us where the Cat-5 cable plug was :( Some good deals going on right know, $54 for three attractions, or $75 for two shows. Hit up restaurant.com for discounted dining, T&T is Taco's and Tequila if restaurant.com is having and 80% off sale (join their mailing list and you see all of the sales) a $25.00 voucher is only $2.00. $25.00 voucher spend over $35.00 and dinner and tip will cost you $17! Poolside weekday Sun - Thurs rentals are as follows $25.00 for two chairs and shade umbrella, $75 for a day bed and two chairs, $150 for a cabana.
1	If I could give under a star, I would. We can and they told us they would upgrade only to find the room was a downgrade. (No jacuzzi like we originally reserved.) We went downstairs and they switch us to a pyramid spa suite on the 16th floor. We had to go to an elevator on one corner and walk to our room. (Imagine the elevator is at home plate and you have to walk to second and the bases are the perimeter of the casino!) The elevator was so old and rattling up 16 floors. I was scared for my life! Okay. So we're in our room which is massive (but super dingy). I go check out the living room and I walked into mush!!! The carpet by the air conditioner is completely soaked. So gross. Instead of changing rooms for us, they sent someone up to our room to "fix" it. After calling twice and waiting for an hour, someone came up. While he was working on it, the AC in the other room starting pouring out water and slime! We left and asked for a full refund. Needless to say, we're never staying here again.
3	Review for casino and Atrium level only:I've been to the Luxor many times for shows.  Today I stopped by for the Bodies and Titanic exhibitions on the Atrium level.It's easy to get here from the garage.  The area is clean and easy to navigate, and having a food court nearby might be good for some.The casino is OK.  They have changed it so much as they've added nightclubs and marketed this property to the younger set.  Still, it's an OK place.
4	So. I was really and truly excited to stay at the Luxor for the first time on my birthday, I made reservations like three months in advance. When the day finally arrived and we were driving to Vegas, I started to read reviews online to kill time because as most know the drive from SoCal to Vegas is INCREDIBLY boring. The more reviews I read the more panicked I became. They were almost all terrible! Yikes! What did I get myself into?So we pulled into the Luxor and I was pretty nervous about staying there at this point. Walked in by the pool, which looked really freaking awesome. Little islands to chill on, pool store, snack bar, free fluffy towels, the works. Also, huge Egyptian style fountains, which my boyfriend and I are soooo into. So, check in went smooth, the hotel general fee is atrocious, but that's all of Vegas. The room was awesome! The entire Luxor has very low lighting, which I loved, I'm big on dark places, it made it seem more authentically Egyptian. The way the low lighting casted shadows seriously made you feel like you were in an old pyramid digging around, way creepy, but soooo awesome!Also, I hate the question that comes at the end of these paragraphs that ask "is this a good place for children?". Personally any "good" parent would never bring their children to Vegas in my mind because the only option here is to stick them with a strange sitter as they aren't allowed in a vast majority of the areas within Las Vegas, but that is just my personal opinion, not of the Luxor specifically but of Vegas as an entity. As anyone who has ever been to Vegas knows, most of the hotels are the same, just different themes, all in all though for what we paid I thought the Luxor was pretty bomb. Especially compared to what other hotels charge the exact same price. It would definitely be a do-over. =]
1	Not to happy with these hotels, they want to charge for everything, including certain areas of the pool.  Don't come in June seems to be college students and young adults.  Annoyed with pool area they don't have enough recliners for the guests.  Can be in the pool during the day.  We werent loving our room in the pyramid, only 1 elevator and have to walk clearly around the building to get to our room, they were accommating when we requested a room in the towers!
1	Ridiculous. Our party of 8 reserved two rooms weeks in advance to celebrate two 21st birthdays. First Vegas adventure and everyone was so excited, until we checked in at the Luxor. They decided to double the rates despite our online confirmation showing an entirely different amount, in addition to the confirmation we made over the phone a few days before our trip just to make sure everything was good. Management acknowledged it was their mistake, yet would not do anything about it! We may look young, but we're not stupid. We booked Luxor because it was a good deal; however, for the amount that it actually turned out to be we would have stayed at the Cosmopolitan or Wynn. They did instead give us a "suite" for the amount we originally booked for. Two queens and one bathroom...not really what we had planned for. The Luxor has now become a running inside joke amongst the 8 of us, best hotel ever. Vegas, I loved you and cannot wait to be reunited. Luxor, NEVER AGAIN.
4	This is for the casino and shops, we did not stay here. You can see this pyramid as you are flying into Vegas.  We could not wait to go and check it out.  One morning we drove over as we got to the parking lot we spotted a huge van and in the front window was hundreds of smudge hanging from the ceiling and you could see it from the front window.  My sister and I jotted out of the car, walked up where we met a hippie from California.  She lives in the van and travels around selling her fresh hand picked leaves.Wow the smell was intense, we talked to her for quite some time and bought some fresh smudge.  I was a bit worried going through airport security that they might arrest me because it was so fresh and still moist it smelled just like marijuana. After speaking with her she told us spiritual people flock to Luxor.When you walk in the architecture of the pyramid is beautiful with statues, waterfalls, very peaceful.  My sister and I felt a warm sensation as we admired every detail.  It just felt like a very spiritual place to be.  They guy's trying to sell time share were annoying.  Hard core pushy sales guy's.  Oh they offer some great shows.  And there are some awesome shops.After reading all the reviews not sure I would stay here but I really loved the decor and vibe from this hotel/casino.
3	I never click on popup ads but Southwest Airlines Vegas Jackpot deals got me here.. I just needed some sunshine and warmth. For the price, I'm not going to complain. No wireless. Avoid the buffet. The room was nice, stayed clean and I enjoyed the 20th fl view of the Excelsior. Nice to take the internal walkways to the Mirage, The Hotel (Wow!) and the Excelsior.. you won't ever catch me there. The pool was nice and the people watching entertaining.
1	I wasn't impressed with the hotel.  You cannot control the A/C int he room.  There is only a high or low fan setting, so in hot Las Vegas you come home to a hot room. No coffee maker or mini bar in the room...what, it's Vegas?  You need coffee and alcohol!  The internet was a cord that you had to reach across the room to use, and there were two of us trying to work and could only do it one at a time.  Cell phone and 3G service is non existant in the room too.  I'll come back to LV, but will definately stay somewhere else!
4	My husband and i stayed at the luxor for our vow renewal/ honeymoon. It was a nice hotel, we got the pyramid spa suite. loved the spa, the bed was comfy, the view was nice on the 7th floor and the suite was roomy on the 7th floor. The view from the pyramid spa suite where my mother in law stayed was of a wall and the room was A LOT smaller. But my husbands and my room was great, carpet was dingy though and everytime we got off the elevator on our floor it reeked of pot. People with a bade sense of direction should probably not stay here. And They never overcharged us for anything
2	Overall was very disappointed as on a previous stay we were at the Mirage and paid far less for a much nicer room.Checked in and were given a room on the 3rd floor, south side of the building. Room was clean but just had a dirty vibe. Window view was of a loading dock and there were water stains on the window coverings. Stopped at front desk later in the evening and was told to call after 11a for a new room. In the morning we were moved to the East side of the building, 11th floor. Room had a better view and wasn't as shabby. TVs were not flat screen in either and there is no wireless. Cell signal inside (ATT) was crappy too.Casino floor looked to have been updated - staff was friendly.The inclined elevators are truly a marvel. Wish they had a see-thru one.Pool area was clean and there are a lot of paid areas if you want a bit more privacy. DJ was spinning tunes starting at about 11a on Saturday.I'd stay here again for $39/nt but if you're paying hundreds like we did, spend a few more and stay elsewhere.
2	Never again...As we chose to head to Vegas for probably one of the most crowded weekends Vegas has ever seen, we chose to stay at Luxor since it seemed to be more friendly on the wallet than our usual other end of the strip.  Luxor is one of the older hotels on the strip and this is how I broke it down: nice on the outside, okay looking in the casino/lobby area, and why the eff am I here in rooms.ROOMS:Two Queen beds, tube TV, dresser, dining table and chairsNo safe (wtf!!)No closetNo wireless (I laughed when I saw my friend had to run the Ethernet cable to her laptop)Clock radio, no aux cable or ipod charging deckOnly a shower, no tub Bathroom lack ventilation (I take hot showers and it was horribly stuffy coming out)Lighting is horribleAfter noon, you have to call to get maid service POOL:Okay, so I actually enjoyed the pool. I got to the pool right before 2pm and when I got down there, it was almost like a Vegas pool party.  There was a DJ playing house and hip-hop and tons of people in the pool.  There were a good number of "paid" areas to sit at (yes, pay a fee to sit there!  Wtf).  Luxor's pool is more adult rather than family friendly.OTHER NOTES:*$16.80/day resort fee*Non friendly concierge staff - we forgot our keys and had to get new ones at concierge. The staff was not friendly at all about it*Valet was full at 6:30am. Really? Yes, so we had to self park the car far away...*Elevators are slowLuxor, you get two stars from me only because you were cheap, on the strip, and your pool party like atmosphere....but never again.
2	The room was clean, but after this trip we won't go back! There is a nice little hidden resort fee of $16 per day. It includes pool access and 1/2 were closed. Internet which is only Ethernet and paper that wasn't delivered. For same price I will go back to the NY/NY or MGM.
2	Never would have stayed here if it hadn't been one of the host hotels for a conference I was attending. It seems like some money has been put into updating the casino/entertainment area, but the rooms leave something to be desired. The room seemed clean; however, everything was so old, it had that worn out look and feel. I felt like the only one staying on my floor, which can be good and bad...good because it's quiet, bad because I felt like a scene out of the shining was just waiting to happen...There's a reason why rooms are only $50-70/night.
3	2.5 It's the lovely Luxor from the outside but a DOT COM BUST inside the hotel rooms. I mean, I love having the cathouse/LAX/casino/starbucks/restaurant/show girls/chapel/pool downstairs but I paid $500 for 1 room (one night stay) and it felt like the 90s!! I'm a fiend for caffeine so a Starbucks right outside the elevator was perfect! There's a lingerie-showgirl dancing on a table top to distract gamblers. haha. Also, there's the cat house around the corner along with the gigantic pool area - you get complimentary access to both. Coincidentally, Jagged Edge came through LAX same time and I was arms length from them!! Live artists, for free cause I'm a female, at the lounges at the casino are a +++++
2	Spotty service, inconvenient parking and pool access make this hotel more of a hassel to stay in than it is worth. I'd recommend staying at Monte Carlo or Tropicana, which are at similar price points. Both offer a superior experience as the Luxor has lost most of what made it cool - its Egyptian theme. Without the theme, Luxor is just like every other 3000+ room mega-resort in town with multi-ethnic eateries, a Cirque show, nightclub, ultralounges, etc. What Luxor has going for it is that its cheap, clean(er than Excalibur), and is located on the strip. The hotel has 2 towers - the pyramid tower and the west tower - try to stay in the west tower because the rooms are more modern and practical. Bathrooms in the West Tower have separate tub and shower which is a nice plus. I frequented the fitness center a few times during my stay. The room itself is of an adequate size. It has some free weights, and lots of cardio-equipment. The fitness center is free for hotel guests thanks to the resort fee. The Luxor parking garage is located in the back of the hotel and is only a 2 story structure with a pedestrian bridge that connects to the building on the opposite side of the lobby. This means a far walk from the parking garage to the main lobby. Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur via skywalk and automated monorail.
2	First time I came to Vegas, I stayed at the Palms Place so Luxor was a major downgrade. It looked nice from the outside, but the rooms seemed pretty old. It also felt like we were always stuck inside the pyramid! We seriously ended up spending too much time there. Luxor is also at the end of the strip. Next time, I'll be staying at a more modern hotel & in the middle of the strip.A star for it being cheap and a star for a nice pool.
3	Spent some time here. It's cheeseball, but kind of fun. Really diverse crowd led to a lot of random conversations. The light is iconic.
2	We were very disappointed with the Luxor. My hubby and I have been to Vegas many many times and we have stayed all over the strip from the suites at Bellagio to the budget friendly Tropicana. In my opinion Luxor is barely a step above Tropicana or Hooters. To keep this a short and simple read I'll just say the room wasn't very clean (i.e. the tables were dusty and sticky, the closet stunk and the floors were dirty... various shoe prints all over the bathroom floor). The sheets had stains & tears and the pool has absolutely no shade. Its just a lot of hot concrete, other hotels at least make at effort at landscaping. Lastly, the parking is a nightmare!In addition to all of that, the customer service is terrible. I have daily medication that needs to be refrigerated. At check in I asked for a small refrigerator and I was told it would cost an extra $25 a day. I even showed them the meds that I had in a small cooler, and I was told to either pay the $25 or go and get a Ziploc bag and put my meds on ice. I have NEVER stayed in a hotel that refused to make accommodations for medicine, NEVER!!! It is ridiculous that just because I have medication that needs to be kept cool I had to pay $25 more per night that any other ordinary guest. There has to be some kind of law against that... Save yourself the trouble and stay somewhere else, especially if you have some sort of special need.
1	The Luxor is dirty, dated and extremely unsafe. Here's a fun story:Two of our friends arrived 30 minutes before the rest of us. One of them was resting (not sleeping) in the room alone for maybe ten minutes when she heard a rustling sound. She walked out, and there was a MAN IN OUR ROOM going through our purses. She screamed, and he took off, but not before robbing us of $1000 and taking our friend's wallet and ID. She NEVER heard a door, and those doors are LOUD and slam shut.We had to call security THREE TIMES before anyone came upstairs. They accused us of being on drugs and hallucinating the incident. They accused us of propping the door open with the deadbolt. They dismissed the idea that someone had a key. They accused us of bringing random guys into our room. UM, we've only been in Vegas for 30 minutes, jackholes! We were up until 4am with the police roaming our rooms and the hallways while they investigated the report.We had to call the front desk FOUR TIMES to get moved to a new room. They refused to move us until five women went down to the front desk and threatened to tell everyone in the check-in line that there might be a dude hiding in the bathtub waiting to rob you. We NEVER got an apology or even the slightest bit of empathy from the management. Trying to get our room comped was a joke. It was like we were a huge inconvenience to them and the eye rolling we received was astonishing.My friend was extremely shaken up. I don't even want to think about what would have happened if this man had a weapon. It ruined our entire weekend and I felt unsafe and creeped out the entire time we were there. The way it was handled was completely inexcusable.
3	rooms are decentprice is cheap
4	I just got back from Vegas, I spent four nights at the Luxor and i loved it! My friend bonded with the check in person over hobbies or something, and we got upgraded room was perfect, it was just around the corner from the elevator by the pool. Speaking of the pool it was perfect and we spent quite a bit of time there. I have to admit I laughed when I saw the dsl line but whatever its Vegas, we didn't spend more then ten minutes on the computer looking things up. The television was huge flat screen and nice. We had other friends staying in the pyramid their room wasn't as big or nice as ours, but it was clean and did its job. Both rooms were clean, and everyone treated us well, I would be glad to go back to the Luxor on my next trip to Vegas!
3	West Tower Room wonderful...flat screen TV, 2 lit wardrobes, deep soaking tub, and great view of the Excalibur on one side and the pyramid on the other.  No WIFI but wire connection was fast. Staff (especially Aliesha on the check in desk) were friendly and anxious to help.  Major downer...the pool.  NO SHADE (it was 112 degrees when we were there over the 4th July wkend) and they charge $40 for an umbrella, $70 for an umbrella on a chair, and $300 - $400 for a cabana.  How do they get away with charging for shade?? I saw so many families with young children circling for shade and finally having a quick dip and leaving.  And the LOUD hip hop music was terrible.  There were few 20 somethings around the pool...mostly families and 30 plus people so I can only assume the DJs were playing for themselves.  Not relaxing. I've had skin cancer and I pulled a chair under the shaded corridor to the bathrooms...yuck...but I had no choice. Also, the chairs were very dirty with caked on filth. Titanic Exhibition was amazing!! Well worth the $...and coupons for $5 off were everywhere.  Be sure to try the Deli...Brad cooks up a storm in there. I would return in the future if it were not for the pool situation as I like to read and relax poolside during the day and party and gamble at night.
4	After booking my Luxor room, I read many of the complaints here and feared for the worst. Luckily, there isn't much to complain about, unless you really enjoy complaining.The rooms are clean. The bed is comfortable. If you look around online, you can get a room rate around $100 per night. Beyond that, what else do you want in Vegas? Are you really spending that much time in the room? A few more bonuses:- The layout of the casino is a bit more spread out than the other rooms in this price range, which is nice. You can actually get around without feeling overwhelmed. They've done a nice job of keeping it up to date as well, it feels very modern. Walk through say, Bally's at a similar price point for comparison, and you can tell the difference. - Close walk to the MGM and Mandalay Bay. And close to New York New York too, which has solid late night eats.- Very solid 24 hour diner.- Giant, nice pool, though it was super crowded when we went July 4th weekend.Minor negatives, if you want to call them that:- Yes, there is no WiFi. Tough shit. You'll have to plug in your laptop. #firstworldproblems. - You also need to walk a bit to get to your tower room from the casino. Really though, not that long of a journey. I don't know about you, but after stuffing my stupid fat American face at a big Vegas meal, I actually enjoy a bit of a walk. If you complain about this, you're probably a bit overweight and could use the exercise. I'm also going to go out on a limb and say you probably live in the South and vote Republican. - Read lots of complaints about CRT televisions, but we got a flatscreen. Not that it matters, how much television are you actually going to watch? There are only so many Carrot Top show ads you can sit through. - I would definitely recommend upgrading up one from the lowest room rate to get into the tower. The rooms in the pyramid itself seem to be too close to the casino and could get noisy I'd imagine, especially on the first few floors. It's not going to be as nice as the Wynn or Aria, but you get really good value for what you pay for here. If you're stressing the negative reviews, don't. I did the same, but after staying there four nights, I'm happy to report that I had no troubles with the room. In fact, I'm planning on booking there again next time I visit. It's not going to wow you, but between the price, the comfort of the casino and the proximity of other good casinos, it's a very good value.
4	The Luxor Hotel is RIGHT on the strip, smack dab in the middle of everything you need to see. You have the option to stay in the Pyramid or Tower section. We stayed in the Pyramids and absolutely loved it! Such great deals can be found on the hotel's website for hotel/air fare/show bundles, so it pays to look there first.The rooms are so pretty and the beds are so comfy. The shower was sexy, too -- if that's possible.Amenities/Boring notes: Guests are required to pay an $10.95 per room per night (subject to change) mandatory service charge. This fee includes daily newspaper delivery, daily bottled water delivery (two bottles daily), daily admission to Nurture Fitness Center (this does not include the use of spa facilities such as whirlpool, sauna, etc.), and unlimited local, toll free and domestic long distance phone calls. The service charge will be paid by guests upon check-out.
3	The Luxor seems to be in a good location. My family chose to stay in the Tower and we have a view of the Pyramid.The room is clean and the queen size beds are comfortable. The bathroom has a shower and a tub. That's all I really care about so I guess I'm happy with that.
1	Don't be fool by the decor and the exterior of the hotel. Once you get on that elevator, everything changes. The elevator was very shaky. Got to the room and it was worse than most motel. The floor was dirty. No Wi-Fi! There was a hardwire Ethernet cable along with a female top found behind the TV. I would never stay here again!
4	We stayed at the Luxor a few years ago on my first trip to Vegas. We upgraded to the Player's Club room in the Towers and wouldn't opt for anything less, especially since I don't think they've updated the rooms in the Pyramid yet. Spacious room with a large, gorgeous marble bathroom. No noise complaints, but that's always dependent upon neighbors. Housekeeping was great and we enjoyed ourselves at the pool, LOVE the Titanic exhibit. Tried out the buffet a few times (SHRIMP!) Overall I enjoyed the Luxor and would return.
1	from the moment we arrived to the time we left completely poor customer service. our reserved room wasn't, the rooms are not well appointed (eg. no conditioner, no refrigerator, poorly cooled, all the businesses we delt with there were either slow service or just didn't care. we also tried to contact the manager and left a message with the assistant and we never heard back, clearly they don't care.we go to Vegas for the whole experience not just to gamble and party. this place is not one we will return to...ever
3	This is still a pretty nice Vegas resort for the money.  There is lots to do and the bars and restaurants are pretty good.  I wish they had a larger food court and I rather be closer to the middle of the strip.  My first Vegas trip memory was made here with my friends back in 94 and I can remember friends puking in the hallway and getting drunk in the room (we were broke!)  The service is always pretty good in Vegas unless you are a real A-Hole.  Some of the older rooms still have popcorn ceiling but the newer parts are a little nicer.
1	Oh the Luxor.....Last August my four girlfriends and I went on an extravagant and very memorable Vegas trip.  Our 5 day. 4 night trip was through this fantastic package deal which included day and night activities and accommodations at the Palazzo (a newer and fabulous hotel that is connected to the Venetian and I would highly recommend).  Unfortunately, two of my girlfriends had procrastinated on booking their flights to Vegas until a few weeks before and with all of the popular airlines prices having skyrocketed, they found themselves drawn to the seemingly good deals of the underwhelming Stockton Airport's lone airline "Allegiant" which offers sporadic flights to Vegas for roughly $50 in planes the size of crop dusters.  The catch- they would have to stay an extra night in Vegas to catch a flight out.  In a further attempt to save money, the two lovable procrastinators decided to find a cheap hotel to rest their hungover heads in for their extra night in Vegas.....in comes the Luxor.  My little procrastinators were pretty proud of themselves for figuring out how to save their pennies right up until the point that my non-procrastinator friend and I walked them into the Lobby and helped them settle into their evening at the hotel before thankfully taking our plane home.  The Luxor reminds me of of cheap vodka- take Svedka for example.  Sure, from the outside it looks just as good as all the other vodkas.  It's in a glass bottled (not plastic!), it seems to have it's own character and vibe going on, it's clear ...but once you open the bottle and experience what's inside you realize it's just crap and you feel like a total creep for buying into it.  That, my friends, is the  experience of staying at the Luxor.  Once inside, you feel like you're on a ride at Disneyland as the Luxor is something of a cross between "Mr. Toad's Wild Adventure" and "The Tower of Terror".  Almost everyone staying at the Luxor is really foreign or just really trashy.  The entire decor is plastic, artificial, or falling apart.  Between the pom trees and the giant plaster of paris Sphinx in the center of the lobby, it's almost like the haggard hotel is pathetically begging you to believe, "No this is not a shit hotel, You're in EGYPTTTTT". But on to the best part....on the way up to the elevator, the elevator attendant (were I use the word creepy to describe him, it wouldn't be fitting enough.  Let's just say if he had been missing an arm and been a ghost, I would have believed it), clad in a faded, teal bellhop suit asked us which floor.  When we replied "35", he replied dryly, "we've had a lot of jumpers from that floor".  Aghast, we asked him how many people have jumped and he said, "7 so far this summer".  When the elevator doors opened and we saw the accommodations, we realized why.  Not only are the rooms a shabby disgrace, (my girlfriend later confessed to me that she slept with her sweats with her hood over her head and her socks tucked into the bottom of her pants), but the pyramid shape of the building makes walking down the hall extremely dangerous as the overlook from your floor to the lobby is only about waist-high and after a night of drinking could be difficult NOT to tip over off of.  I began to wonder if those jumpers had actually meant to jump, or had simply toppled over the wall.  In the end, my non-Luxor patron friend and I joyfully skipped off to grab our flight leaving our poor procrastinator friends to think about their folly.  We were gracious enough however to leave our laughter and "told you so's" until they got home.  No need to kick someone when they're down.  The moral of the story- stay away from the Luxor
2	I recently stayed at the Luxor while in Las Vegas for a convention at the Mandalay Bay. I stayed in the East Tower (not the pyramid) and found the layout to be a bit disorganized to get from the lobby to your room and from your room back out to the strip or other hotels. It's not a big deal, but you can certainly tell that the towers were an afterthought and not very well planned. The in room non-wireless internet was nearly unusable which seems a bit poor in 2011! The room itself was clean and well maintained. The staff were pleasant. I would recommend that if you're looking for something other than a cheap place to sleep you find another hotel. If in-room internet access is important certainly find somewhere else to stay.
1	dont do it.I stayed here with my family recently, and from the outside it looks pretty lavish and unique. But inside, it looks very cheapy, like an airport thats been turned into an amusement park, thats been turned into a casino/hotel. It feels like its old because of the decor and the layout. The layout was THE WORST. This place has no flow, and it took us forever to find the right elevator to take us to the right room. The parking lot is another story. It was so confusing finding the right parking lot for the Luxor, as it gets easily confused with the parking lot for Mandalay Bay. Terrible. The nightclub LAX is boring and unappealing as well. There is not much to do there either, unless you want to see Carrot Top live..............They do have pretty good buffets though. They have lots of variety for all appetites, and good quality food. All in all, I would describe The Luxor like a horribly old maze, with a decent buffet.
4	I've always wanted to stay here for two main reasons, their pool and my fascination with Egypt. Overall my experience was better than I expected. We got a great rate on the room, being that my boyfriend has a player's card, the week's regular rates on Expedia were over 120 and we payed about 40 bucks per night. They also let us get a second room for almost the same price. Best part came when we went to check in and our attendant informed us that when you book your room, one king or two queen selections are just a preference are subject to availability. We were starting to freak out because we had a party of 8 and needed two queens in each room. Our attendant told us they were completely OUT of queens for the night, but after a little humorous conversation he bumped us from the standard two queen room to a Spa Suite Deluxe. This was perfect!! Now we had a spa that could fit 4, and an extra room with a couch and love seat and a table with chairs. This made our trip. We had one standard and one deluxe and didn't have to pay the extra $150 for the upgrade. Enough space for all of us to party comfortably before going out. I love the theme, their service, and the central location of the Luxor. If we get great deals like this, I'd be more than happy to come back.
3	I came here this past weekend with my best friend and her college friends. We went to celebrate 3 July birthdays overall and planned to stay here since it looked very nice on the outside. Unbeknownst to us, the cell phones had full bars but there was no service in the hotel. The front desk had poor customer service, just to name a couple things on how they lost stars.I give them stars for the inclinators (elevators that go up diagonally) because they were a trip, constant room upkeep by cleaning staff and great location to go to and fro on the tram to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay (buffet at the Mandalay was awesome). I would come again if we had a deal with Luxor.
3	The theme is awesome but the rooms are blah. We've stayed here once or twice and must say that the beds were among the hardest in Vegas. I give the place 3 stars for the prices. Seriously, you can't even find a Motel in Orange County for the price you'd pay for a room here. The place was clean but it was very drab. Not the best place if you're bringing your significant other. For the price, I'd pay just a bit more for the Monte Carlo.Cliff's Notes version: this hotel is average and a good value.
2	We stayed for two nights.The GOOD:Staff was generally helpful and pleasant, including the front desk, security, pool staff, and casino employees. Rooms can be found for fairly cheap.The casino is rather sparsely populated, and the poker dealers speak constantly about how bored they are and how desperate they are for people to sit down and play. On the upside, this lead to them promoting games with splash pools (the house throws in $25-75 when the flop is a straight, flush, or straight flush). They offer free craps, roulette, and blackjack lessons, and the relaxed and empty game room means that beginners, as well as those simply looking to gamble without much pressure, will find this great place to play.The BAD:The building is old, and it shows. The river ride that used to exist is now gone, and no complimentary experiences come with your stay. The "resort fee" is tacked on only as you finish booking with the hotel, so the cost is really about 15 dollars more per night than advertised. As a result, customers are given "FREE!" internet, available only through a single wired connection in the room. The connection speed is decent enough for streaming videos, at least.The elevators are finicky, with buttons that don't seem to respond and card readers that require more precision with swiping than NASA does with docking at the ISS. The ride is also a bit unnerving for those who have trouble with motion sickness, as they move at strange rates, traveling at a sideways angle (to scale the pyramid's walls).The rooms are not terribly clean. The towels had stains on them, and there were plastic ties on the floor, as well as a bottle cap by the night stand. The nice thing is that the cleaning staff clearly doesn't want to do its job, so if you leave your stuff strewn all over your room and place a privacy sign on the door, you can be sure that your stuff will remain totally undisturbed by any hotel staff.The rooms also lack basic amenities, such as coffee makers, and some of what is provided is old and in need of replacement. The hair dryers, for instance, immediately emit a burning smell.The Luxor has very little to offer. It is a dying hotel that is at the "lesser" end of The Strip. However, for cheap rates on rooms and (relatively speaking) on the buffets, the Luxor's lack-luster offering may be just what you are looking for if you want a quiet, unintimidating home base for your stay in Vegas. It is connected to the Excalibur, which has more offerings for children (carnival games and such). Its location at the end of The Strip makes it easy to access and out of the way of all of the intense city traffic that begins just past the hotel.That said, these benefits come at the price of being located far away from the excitement of the rest of The Strip, so you'll need to plan on a long walk if you intend to get to see any of the other hotels, and it's about  miles if you plan on going down towards the busier end of The Strip.Also, the beam is very overrated and unimpressive. Most spotlights are more to look at than the Luxor's beam.
2	The room here was fine, not as clean as I would like, there were stains on the rug which I find disgusting but the bed linens were clean as was the bathroom.The hotel looks great and we had a great view of the atrium as we walked out of our room.  We used the express check out on the television because during our stay  I noticed very long lines at the check out and check in desk.  My biggest beef with this hotel is that we booked our room online through priceline and got a decent rate.  However, we were charged an additional $69 for our four night stay for a "resort fee".  We never received any extra service for this fee, to me it's a total rip off.  You can't opt out of it, they just add it.Also, as we walked in carrying all of our luggage we were greeted by a friendly, professional looking woman who asked if we were checking in as if she was going to assist us.  All she wanted to do was try and sell us a time share.  We were accosted by these salespersons several times throughout our stay and it was quite annoying.  For the price we paid, esp the extra resort fee, I don't feel guests should be bombarded by sales pitches.
1	I just stayed at the Luxor and I will not be returning. When I checked in, they told me the only rooms they had left were on the 5th floor. I was fine with that until later that night. My hotel room was backed up to the LAX nightclub that is located right inside the Luxor. You hear the music like you are there in the club. You can feel the base of the music as well. I had to put the TV on to help drown out the music and which the TV didn't get turned off until after 4am when the music was over with. As you can tell, no sleep was taken it. I will not be coming back to this hotel again.
4	I stayed here the last time I'm in Vegas, no complaints!  Well, I do have one complaint, the weather! But that has nothing to do with Luxor.  The Luxor was well AC'd and our room was good.  Although our view consists of another rooftop, at least we were able to see the Luxor skylight shining through.The pool was nice, the one part I didn't really like was the last pool at the end had some narrow areas, which was kinda annoying.  They had all these body bed things floating around, which I'm sure are hella dirty, but I used them anyway.  I was very tempted to climb up that slide thing they had blocked off.  =X
2	stayed here once. hated it. wrong end of the strip. ended up spending $100 trying to get the strip all week.  pools are just ok. nothing else really going on here.
3	The hotel itself is about a 2.5/3 when compared to other Vegas hotels, but when taking into consideration the price we paid it's about a 3.5/4.The rooms are good size, the tv and shower head need to be updated but the Egyptian theme and architecture are really nice and it's a unique experience.When you compare the quality of the hotel to the price paid for the room it was definitely a good value. Unless my financial situation changed drastically either negatively or positively I'd probably stay here again.What made the experience even better was not having to see that douche Crissy Angel anywhere.
2	Luxor has seen it's age and the management as not seen it in their plans to maintain or upgrade the entire facility.About the only advisement I can give people is to upgrade your room as much as you an afford because the regular deluxe rooms are beat up and worn.The facility has need of a lot of fixing and upgrading but you won't find that being done.  Carpets where you find them are skanky and feel tacky. The shape of the building is why you are probably there to say you stayed.  The next door neighbor, Mandalay Bay, unless you really get into the new tower and upgrade will disappoint you as well.Food?  Even the best dining experience will be like eating portions served from the Buffet line with extra spices laced with better grade of brandy in the sauces.What makes me such an expert?  I have been escorting Asian gamblers to Las Vegas for years.  I started by accident back when the Mint was still operating.  Yes.  That's a long time.  I have stayed in some of the best hotels and got to know what is what.  I have slowed down my visits to escort whales because I do have a regular professional career that I went 7 years of university studies to be outstanding in. What I have noticed recently is the downward spiral of Las Vegas grandeur.  The service, facilities, the glamour is gone.  I went to Singapore and Macau and they have it.  I want the Las Vegas of 20 years ago back!We should all demand that management get their acts together because the choices how we spend our money for gaming, rooms and entertainment are votes whether they are successful or not.Just my humble opinion.Luxor?  You can do better do your research.  Try staying at the newer hotels with good ratings.
3	Hotel was alright. Considering it was a free stay I can't complain much. The rooms are good size, they had a tv, shower, beds, and everything we needed.The pool was also pretty nice. I wish it was a little bigger. Location was good because it was near everything pretty much.
1	This place is old, dingy, and outdated. The guests were just as gross as the room I stayed in with a view of a heating unit and a roof. There was a guy actually sitting on the floor on one elevator ride I took. I think he mistook it for the New York New York roller coaster or something from the looks of it which was an oh so charming touch. Oh and the elevators don't work, an employee complained to me about it when I was there.  The time i spent there felt more like a college party gone bad than a vacation. Therefore  I made sure I spent all my time anywhere but this armpit of the Vegas strip. The bed was comfortable but that's the only credit I'll give this place. The room was cheap but I guess my stay here proved you get what you pay for. Next time I go to Vegas I'm not stepping foot near this bunghole of a place.
5	I Stayed at Tower Deluxe Queen Room It had clean room, nice pool, quick check inn and out, great restroom, great price, every morning had new towels, toilet paper and shampoo. Bad thing about it is kind of far from the center of the Vegas strip, and older crowd seems to hang out at the Luxor  saw a 80 year old in a 2 piece bikini with every part of her body going south, there's not to many great places to eat but the Luxor  is connected to the Excalibur which has more restaurants and bars . Overall great hotel for the price!
1	I will never waste an ounce of my time, breath or mula here ever again. The front desk clerks have no idea what is going on. The Filipino horribly bleached  blonde woman who is the manager or "whoever is in charge" lacks professionalism & had no sense of HOSPITALITY of all things. I had to go to the check in counter THREE TIMES before finding my room because the incompetent staff had given me completely WRONG directions. Mind you we were hauling all of our shit around this crappy place for 45 minutes Trying to find our roomThe elevator I was directed to had NO INDICATION of what it was.. Nor admist the construction was there any indication of a "detour" seriously? The last fucking thing I wanna do is run around after 6 hours of driving through desert in 110 degree weather trying to find our room. Ever thought of that, assholes? PEOPLE PAY $$ for relaxation and travel far distances to come to your and in the first 10 minutes of being here this Is what we get? To top it off.. The toilet wouldn't flush. Four people in a room for three days. Don't you think one of those people might have to wiz or drop a deuce during their stay? I didn't even get comp'd for that drama. For anything. The dumb broad offered a "late check out" & all I got was an hour. EVERYONE gets an hour. Worst Hotel on the strip. Don't even go to LAX. Go elsewhere. Too many nice spots in Vegas. Luxor is only good for the facade. Not for anything else.
2	Wow. Who gave this place 5 stars? I mean, really.I've never even had to endure the potential torture that is a room at this place, but I've been in the casino and lobby enough to know that this place is a beacon of filth.Basically, it looks like a dead mall. Broken fountains now full of fake plants instead of water and glue outlines of old store and restaurant signs. So much of this place is empty and whatever is left is broken or doesn't match the Egyptian theme. i.e. The Mexican taco and tequila bar or Aladdin-esque building front near the entrance to the Bodies Exhibit. Like, I don't even get it.However, if you're in the market for a rhinestone fleur-de-lis embellished faux snakeskin purse or other random gift shop crap, the Luxor can probably meet all your shopping needs. One word to describe this place: BUSTED.
2	"EW" is the only word I can think of to fully express my feelings about this hotel. Although the prices appear cheap compared to others in the area, it AIN'T CHEAP ENOUGH to get me to step foot in this shit-hole ever again. First of all, it may be on the strip but nowhere near where anyone coming to Vegas wants to be.... your at least a 5 minute cab ride to anywhere you might want to venture besides Mandalay Bay... which is amazing. I'd rather sleep in a Mandalay Bay bathroom than rest my head on a Luxor owned pillow. Blech! The second we stepped into this dark, creepy, dirty, cheap place we were beyond confused. WHERE THE F*CK IS THE LOBBY? There are NO correct signs. We walked around for at least 20 flippin' minutes before even finding the check-in area. And what do ya know, they don't do early check-ins! Who woulda thought such a disgusting place would not accommodate to their guests needs! Ha! So after talking to 3 different employees who barely spoke Enlgish.... go figure.... we finally we're able to place our luggage behind the front desk to go drown ourselves in alcohol to be cleansed of the filth that is the Luxor. (Wait til I tell you how they lost the tag to our bags, that ones a doozy!)After our 50 pound bags weren't weighing us down, we decided to check out the hotel. I considered, maybe, just maybe I was judging a book by it's cover. But nope! This book is shit, just like it's cover! We couldn't get 20 steps without being harassed by a Luxor employee... "Hey! You guys from around here?", "Hey, you guys interested in seeing a free show?", "Hey, you guys interested in additional accommodations?", oh and my favorite "Hey sexy, you come to Vegas often?" .... "Hey, SEXY?" Where am I? MEXICO???? Get outa here with your grossness you Luxor creeps! Besides the obnoxious employees, when was this place built? And I don't even need to ask if any renovations have taken place, cus that's pretty obvious! The hotel is a straight maze. It's beyond confusing. When you ask an employee how to get to a certain area of the hotel, they give you landmark directions.... "turn left at the Starbucks".... THERE'S 5 STARBUCKS IN THIS PLACE DIP-SHIT! Not one ounce of sunlight creeps into this dreary tomb. And the decor.... wait, what decor? Isn't this supposed to be Egyptian themed? We ARE in a f*cking pyramid! And what's with all the dead body exhibits? The ONLY thing I thought was even remotely intriguing was that the Titanic exhibit was there, although I had already seen it at Great America, SO yeahhhhh. After attempting to give this place a shot, we went back to get our bags and head to our rooms. When retrieving our bags, we handed a rude bell boy our tag and he vanished to the back, returning with other bags for other guests. We waited about 20 minutes without bags. What the Hell? No one else ever asked us if we had been helped, they just let us stand there looking like tards. Finally, I spoke up.... "Is he planning on bringing us our bags anytime today or?" Ugh. Now to our room we go..... or so we thought. "The elevators are down this hall to the left." we were told. We follow the hall down and to our surprise come to a 4 way split... which way? There are 3 lefts and NO SIGNS! WOW, REALLY? Now, my patience level is serious at negative 27349826945682. So funny that the employee told us that the ELEVATORS we're down this hall and to the left, because in this hotel there is no such thing as an ELEVATOR.... they are called INCLINATORS and go side to side, not up and down. Oh and when you get in the INCLINATOR, it won't go anywhere until you slide your key, so noooo we didn't ride the INCLINATOR back and forth for 5 minutes before realizing this little fact, cus like I've mentioned before there are NO SIGNS and the employees are VERY intelligent! Now for our room. It was, whatever. Motel 6 I'm sure has similar or nicer rooms. Sure it has all your basic necessities, a bed, a bathroom, a TV from the 70s, 2 lamps, no decor, no view. Like I said, it was, whatever. This hotel makes me want to go swimming in a pool of hand sanitizer, punch strangers in the face and cry tears of annoyance. Like I said, EW!
2	Please see Bryan. T.'s review as well as mine as I think he sums up most of the problems.  I will add another question onto his list:  Did the ancient Egyptians live in trailer parks??  Because the weekend I arrived the Luxor seemed to be filled with trailer park types.  The Luxor was offering a good "buy three nights in the tower and get a fourth free" deal and that is what I booked.  When we checked in we were given a pyramid room which I didn't think was that big of a deal until we entered the pyramid room.  Dank, smelly and claustrophobic are just three of the adjectives that come to mind.  The carpet was stained and torn and the beds looked like something from the Flintstones.  We went back down to the front desk and were told that "as a courtesy" we would be moved to the tower.  What courtesy, the tower room is what I booked ON THEIR OWN WEBSITE not the pyramid!!The casino is right by the hotel entrance too so it reeks of staled cigarettes as soon as you walk in.  Next trip to Vegas I will be staying at the Red Rock Hotel which got great reviews!!
1	CRAP! Only reason I stayed here was because it was paid for by my employer. Here's why it sucks and why anyone with a clue and class, not from a trailer should never stay here. 1. It smells of smoke...EVERYWHERE2. There are no safes in the rooms (a tell tale sign of the clientele they cater to)3. Seedy people (bride and groom taking pictures at the mc donalds over fries... I mean seriously??)4. Crap food.5. ZERO pool scene.Waaaay better more classy places to stay in Vegas. They need to implode this hotel and build something more like Cosmopolitan but that will be under $200 a night. Next time my employer wants to send me to Vegas I will research my own hotel and arrange it myself. No f'ing way will I stay at ghetto awful Luxor again. Blech!
1	my second time in vegas and first time at Luxor.my room was ok compare to the price ( I didn't mind because I was rarely in the room). the view was not so appealing..!!!!!! had a horrible experience trying to sleep..  YOU WILL HEAR MUSIC ALL NIGHT all day when you're in the room!!!well if you're planning to clubbing then it wont matter, but if you're here to travel, etc. I wouldn't recommend this place.. Oh one more horrible experience I've had, I woke up at 7:00 a:m (way earlier than I usually get up) it was so freaking loud and annoying because the WHOLE hotel was alerted with alarming system..
2	Every time I stay here it seems as if the quality of this place is getting worse. Check in was quick and simple. I get to my room and I notice my room has two queens rather than the one king I had reserved. I call the front desk to see why I did not get the room I reserved on their website. They tell me that it is only a request and they try to accommodate you as much as they can. You know how you can accommodate me? By giving me the room I requested. I did get a "non smoking" room but it still had a smell of cigarettes inside. In fact the entire hotel smells like cigarettes. The room itself was alright. Granted I did not stay in it much except to sleep and shower. One thing that really made me upset was house keeping were talking loudly when they were cleaning the rooms. It is not fun waking up to a housekeeping smoking and joking outside your door. Check out had to be the worst of all. I went directly to the check out stand. The guy behind the desk asks why I did not stand in line and points to the check in line. I look behind me and there is no one behind me. Also the sign there says check in not check out. Common sense genius. I remember when I use to actually enjoy coming to this hotel. It seems like that was ages ago. Better customer service and a remodel of at least the rooms would not hurt.
3	Let me start by saying that I've always wanted to stay here and at The Mirage, both of which I have successfully done since turning 21. This hotel is certainly 3 stars overall. Let me first air my grievances.The rooms do not have a safe, which in Vegas is unacceptable because many people carry cash. The rooms are also very arduous to get to, even if you have a room near the elevators. The elevators are extremely slow in every manner, and are located in very inconvenience out-of-the-way places. Also, they don't have wi-fi, just a single Ethernet cord hidden away in the armoire. Secondly, the food options are seemingly random. They have very cheap places to eat in the food court (Nathan's, McDonald's, and a Swanson's) and very expensive restaurants outside of the food court. They really need to offer better happy hour specials, more fixed price menus, and lower prices in general at all of the restaurants, most of which were half empty even on a Saturday night. Slot selection was minimal and spread out extremely randomly throughout the casino floor.Now, the pros. It is a gorgeous hotel inside, and the rooms are very nice and clean. We had the cheapest room, the Pyramid Deluxe, and it was very spacious. The pool is also very nice, but was a bit crowded. I don't blame the hotel for this, as they had almost every conceivable empty space filled with lounge chairs. There was also a private event being held in 1/3 of the pool, so that confined the rest of us guests to a smaller area. The water was very clean and refreshing. The buffet is one of the best I've ever been to as well and it is certainly worth the $20 it costs for dinner. I'm sure the breakfast buffet is awesome, but I didn't end up going out for breakfast either morning I was there.I paid ~$170 total including resort fees and taxes on the room for Saturday and Sunday night. I think it was just right as far as value, but  I am certainly not staying here again. There are so many nicer hotels on the strip closer to all the fun that I'd rather stay at in the future!
4	My 9-year old is big into ancient Egypt, so she really wanted to stay at the Luxor.  Given that it's one of the more affordable hotels on the strip, we stayed there for 3 nights last weekend.  It was overall a good experience.We lucked out and got a nice, standard room in the pyramid.  The room was clean, the furniture was in good condition and the beds were comfortable. The room was large enough to be comfortable for our family of 4.  Beware, though, that the beds seem to be doubles and not queens.We went to the pool which was adequate though not particularly exciting.  We ate at the Pyramid cafe, which was OK.  The best part of our stay was the ancient Egyptian theme of the hotel, which the kids really enjoyed. I'd say the worst part was the location, too far from the hotels in the central part of the strip.  Full (and I do mean full) review at http://marga.voxpublica.org/2011/08/luxor-las-vegas-review/
4	Pretty nice place to stay. Pool was nice but that might have just been the group I was with. The rooms were decent, kind of your standard room but they didn't smell like smoke which was great. The one thing I didn't really care for was the elevators cause they seems to throw you off balance when they start taking off
3	It was fun to stay in a giant pyramid and its a good hotel...seems like one of the more kid friendly Vegas hotels.
3	Ambiance: AverageRoom: AverageService/Concierge: AverageParking: freeLocation: Average This was a last minute trip to Vegas so we didn't have much of a choice in terms of choosing hotels. Luxor is on the way south of the strip so I would be apprehensive if you don't like to the ride the bus or take cabs or walk. It is connected via free mono rail to Mandalay Bay (yay!) and Excalibur  (uggh!) We stayed in the pyramid side of the hotel and not the tower which are supposed to be better.  Finding which elevator to take is hard as there some rooms apparently even on the ground floor!! The place is open and gives and airy feel. Now for the rooms due to the shape they are huge and I mean some of the bigger rooms I have seen on the hotels on the strip. Style is showing its age but I guess they go with the theme of this place. You get discounts for dining in and in hotel entertainment. I didn't try the pool on this trip so can't comment there.
2	Luxor is probably the cheapest hotel you can find on the strip (depending on what deals are going on and time of year) so I've stayed here plenty of times. This last time I went was horrible. The check in/check out desk woman we got was really rude and seemed like either she hated her job or just hated us right away by looking at us. She acted like we were giving her a hard time when all we did was ask a couple of innocent questions. When she was looking up our rooms, I started to say something and she said "HOLD ON!" I was like whoa! I mean, we were a really laid back, easy to deal with group of people so I'm not sure why she was so snappy and sighing so much. The tv in my room was also broken, not that I was going to watch a lot of tv but it would have been nice for some of the time I had to spend in my room. They really didn't do much about my problem except offer me a complimentary breakfast which I didn't have time to use. I also requested a non smoking room and had a cigarette burn in my bed spread. I guess you get what you pay for.
2	For the $$$ I paid, this place was pretty BLAH. And what the heck is the resort fee? There's no WOW factor. I stayed in the spa suite with a tub in the bedroom area. The decor to the room wasn't all that. You would think with the amount of money Luxor makes everyday that they could afford to do some upgrades.I was pretty annoyed by those people trying to sell me timeshares in the lobby. I didn't come to Vegas to buy timeshare for crying out loud. HELLO...I'm there on vacation! Management, get rid of them!
1	Sigh.I feel bad writing this and saying what I have to say about this place because my husband took so much time and love planning our 1 year anniversary. He wanted it to be special. $800 for a shitty suite with a spa tub. Ashes were in the ash tray in our room, obvi the maid didn't dare take a chance to dump it out, AND there was water left over in one of the bathroom cups from the previous guests. Hmmmmm. And this is my anniversary. Included in this terribly expensive stay were tickets to see Criss Angel (please know that if you get this, your included tickets are for the nosebleed, luckily hubby was in a wheel chair because he pulled his sciatic nerve and they really accommodated us well in upgrading us to just above the front rows where the handicap were sitting), the Titanic exhibit (pretty amazing and definitely worthwhile due to its history), and the bodies exhibit (also pretty amazing. medically, of course). Also included are all you can eat passes for their buffet (really disappointed with that) and spa treatments at their spa (we had no time to do this, but I'm sure, knowing how cheap Luxor is, that it's just free admission but you have to pay for all the services). Now on to our room....besides the ashes in the ashtray and the water left in the bathroom cup, the sheets had holes in them and our tv didn't work properly. When we called to ask that they fix it, it took them well over 2 hours, but then it was time to get over to the Criss Angel show, so we had to call to cancel. Way to go, Luxor! Their elevators are ridiculous too, scary, at least in my opinion. They slant. No bueno. The only thing that was pleasant about this stay was the bell desk. They accommodated us so amazingly, were sure to exchange out the electric scooter my husband rented without hassle because the battery was bad. They even asked how it was the next day and remembered me from the day before. She even checked us out while we were there so we didn't have to wait in that long check out line. If I could give the bell desk 5 stars I would, everything else though, sorry, but I can't give more than just 1. Luxor is pathetic, and their service charge fee is even more pathetic. I'm sure they'll be charging for drinks in the casino in the near future. This review is actually a follow up review. The last time I was here I came with a friend 3 years ago, I didn't like that stay much either, but I know that I enjoyed the room a lot more and it was worth the 80 bucks, a lot cheaper than this stay, that's for sure;. If you plan on coming to Vegas, just go elsewhere. I've stayed at Excalibur and have really liked it, very reasonable hotel and they have a lot of cool things there too. Sorry Luxor, I wont be seeing you anytime soon...
4	Have not stayed at the location but the Luxor has a great amount of entertainment and exhibits! The casino has a lot to offer as well. A handful of shows fun for the whole family and the adult scene with a good 2 shows for 75 bucks deal (expiration pending on Luxor) don't think it deserves a 2 and a half star rating but once again never stayed at the hotel portion.
4	I stayed at this hotel last weekend, it was a last minute trip and we just kind of booked whatever was available. I honestly expected to be let down a bit because it's not one of the newer hotels but I actually liked this place. We stayed in the west tower, our rooms were nice with a decent view. It's a little far away from the strip, well its on the strip but technically far get me? The food court had a McDonald's there and wellll that's I need to survive the hangovers. I had a good time here.
4	I actually enjoyed this hotel.Rooms were good sized in the Pyramid. It was super quiet. Only wish we were facing north on the Strip not south only to see Mandalay Bay next door. Elevators were a little freaky since they go side ways I think???It's a little far from everything since its close to the beginning of the strip but it didn't matter for us because we spent most of our time at Mandalay Bay & New York New York so we had the trams to take between hotels.Would definitely stay here again.
1	My girlfriend  and I stayed in your hotel, the Luxor, for 2 nights starting august 7th and 8th. We had reservations for a king bed in the smoking section of your hotel. we arrived at your hotel at around noon aware that the room would be open at three but wanted to verify our reservation and the possibility of it being available early. after waiting in line for 20 minutes or so, which seemed a  long for such a big hotel, we encountered the front desk receptionist. We weren't greeted in a welcoming fashion, she seemed bothered with us from the very beginning we moved up to her desk. As I tried to inquire about our reservation she ignored me or answered in a very rude manner. It was frustrating to have to deal with some one who made it seemed as if we were a nuisance and our questions apparently annoyed her. After speaking for about two minutes being very dismissive of any questions I would ask she tried to change our reservations to two queen beds, without refunding the 5 extra dollars that the king had cost us, we were able to get a king but in a non smoking section. After this we learned of the never mentioned resort fee that you must pay even if you choose to never use their pool or any other service which seems to me is just a way to charge $15 extra dollars on to the room charge and i do not understand why it is not included in the room rate. Through out this check in she was rude and unwelcoming which made my girlfriend and I question our hotel choice. Your Front desk receptionist is the first image, and the first person everyone has to deal with in your hotel and I find it unacceptable that a world class hotel would treat us in this manner. For my Girlfriend and I is specially difficult to travel, we don't have a lot of spare time to enjoy of vacations and it is costly for us to do so since we are both working students. We put a lot of effort in being able to afford small vacations. It is because of this experience that when we do return to Vegas, it will not be to the Luxor since it lacked one of the most vitals qualities of a hotel, hospitality.
3	It's was really hard for me to rate the Luxor. I'm torn between great experiences and not-so-great experiences. The Luxor is not a bad choice, but there's definitely better hotels out there. Though, few will have room rates as cheap as Luxor.My first stay here was fantastic. Rooms were comp'd, check-in was fast, services was friendly and accommodating. The rooms were standard, but clean and fairly nice.However, my subsequent stays at the Luxor have never reached that same level of satisfaction. On my last visit, nothing would be comp'd. (This is due more to the new Mlife Player's Club program the casino group runs instead of the Luxor itself). It was also difficult to get rooms close to my friends. The front desk personnel don't have that warm, happy-to-see-you feel that they used to.I've only stayed in the Tower Rooms, which are very slightly bigger than Pyramid rooms and are suppose to have newer furniture, fixtures, etc. The rooms are small, yet adequate in size. The plumbing is horrible. Every time I stay here, the sinks always get backed-up. This gets to be pretty nasty.The casino is great. Lots of table games and a large selection of slots. They have some pretty good bars. The more upscale Aurora Bar and Liquidity Bar. I preferred the Playbar near the Sportsbook. It's not glamorous, but the bartenders are pretty good and all my drinks are comp'd as long as you drop $20 into one of the video poker machines on the bar counter. Another patron paid for their drink, but was pleased to find that this bar did not add tax to the drinks.The buffet is decent the food is not incredible, nor is it horrible. And they have a deal where you pay $32 for the entire day of buffet. This also includes the buffet at Excalibur (if you're looking for a change of scenery) and VIP line access. If you want to spend a bit more, their steakhouse called "Tender" is phenomenal. Some of the best steak I've had in my life. But be prepared to spend around $40-$60 a plate. And for those want late night eats on the cheap, they have the Pyramid Cafe, McDonalds, and Nathan's Hot Dog open 24-hours a day.They have the Cathouse and LAX, if you're looking for nightclubs. Cover charges are ridiculous, as are the lines. Either get on the guest list or have a 2-to-1 girl-to-guy ratio. (As one person told me, "the hotter, the better")Overall, it's not a bad place to stay. Located near the southern most point of the strip, it's close enough to casino hop to the other casinos. Nice decor overall and some of the cheapest room rates. This place is a good balance between going posh & going cheap.
3	So we stayed in the towers. We booked 3 rooms and advised them we wanted them to be all next to each other and they said it wouldn't be a problem. So we got to Vegas and did an early check-in only to be told our rooms couldn't be next to each other but the best they could do was to have all the rooms in the same hallway. So we were kind of mad but at least it's something. Got to the rooms and hey were nice and clean but the housekeeping sucked. We had to call twice to make to advised them to clean our rooms because they missed one two days in a row (we made sure not to leave the sign outside and were up and out early). We did do the 3 exhibits for $59 and those were nice. We did the Titanic, The bodies, and the Shark Reef. I do have to say the Titanic was the best. So overall, the stay was okay but I've had better service at Excalibur. So take that for what it's for.
2	It's hard to decide whether to rate the Luxor a 1 or 2 star. Simple because we met some very nice people who worked at the hotel, but the management is horrible. When we checked in we were prepared the pay for the restore fee (which we didn't see or were aware of until I looked at the fine print of my printed hotel invoice). We asked the lady at the the check-in counter what if would never use any of the amenities listed in the restore fees and she replied in a matter-of-fact attitude that it was mandatory. I told her that the prices for the luxor online are deceiving, because the restore fees aren't listed in the total price. I barely got to speak before she started huffing and puffing and walked away. She then came back with the manager who was courteous, but again told us that there was nothing that he could do. In the end it was some 85 dollars (they put tax ON TOP of the resort fee). We were tired and went to our rooms which were clean and spacious. The first thing we did was try to connect to wifi and after some 5 minutes of confusing we called downstairs and found they have a hotline devoted to just helping confused customers to connect to internet. This next part is why I really want to rate Luxor a 1. There is no Wifi. Instead there is a mile long ethernet cord that comes out from the dresser that you have to use! Just reading the resort fee "amenities" sheet makes me so frustrated. They give you free local calls (greeaat...so why is it listed in the resort fees?) free use of their fax machine, internet and access to the pool. I just don't understand the Luxor's business tactic? Why not just elevate the price of the rooms, instead of tagging on these extras at the end? Why do they want to piss off customers by adding a mandatory fee of things that should be included? What made our Luxor experience were the kind workers (the lady who cleaned our rooms was like our mama and went out of her way to always excitedly greet us whenever she saw us in the halls). The team that works the Valet outside are also troopers and all so extremely kind, getting you your car always in around 5 minutes (even when it's packed). Without these people, the Luxor itself rates low low low on my list for their poor business tactics.
1	Just got back from spending almost a week here after working the POOL Tradeshow. First of all we get there and the lines to check in are insane! I understand waiting in line is going to happen in summer but you would think they would open more then 3 lines to get the line moving..but they didn't. We finally get to the front and there was a problem with their credit card machine understandable but this lady didn't say anything not a thanks for waiting or a heads up about what was taking long.I already got the vibe that this hotel was going to suck balls. Luckily we weren't in the actually pyramid which I don't even know how people stay in those rooms with the casino RIGHT below them.We got to our room and our bathroom smelled like the maid had double deckered our toliet ( this is when someone shits in the tank and leaves it there so it permantely smells like shit) we even checked to see if one was in there. It was horrible but knowing how shitty there service was we didn't even bother to call to change rooms. Next thing we notice our beds have blood spots on them not just one a HANDFUL visibly on top. I mean at least try to hide that shit. We called for them to change the sheets and they did thanksfully..(costing us 5 for the tip)We had a friend staying with us so we called down for a roll away but once again we had to be inconvienced. They said we had to come down to give our credit card info.. what is this 1998? So our friend had to wait in the long ass line just to ask for a rollaway. The rollaway came 3 hours later. They said we wouldn't be charge, wow finally a break from the shittiness.When we were done with it the next day we called to get it picked up and NO ONE came. We decided to leave it in the hallway but then this ended up costing us a 100 dollars (not so free afterall). Thankfully they removed the charge or I would have gone ape shit.The last thing that really was a pain in the ass about this hotel is the parking. It was an absolute joke it was as if they built it last minute thinking " O wait we have to have somewhere for our guests to park", It is small, most of the time we were crossing our fingers for a spot. Also it is a journey to the casino and when it is hot as hell out that really pisses you off.They basically don't care here and have no hospitality for their guests. I get it your rooms are cheap but I mean if you want return customers you have to do your job and be nice to us. This hotel also had a weird vibe in it I really wouldn't doubt it being curse. The ONLY cool part about it is that it leads to Mandalay Bay but honestly I would rather drive then stay in this hotel again.
2	Bitch rant ahead.Ugh. This place has gone downhill-broke a hip and is forever debilitated. Not even the addition of LAX can make this place any more desirable. It was one of the highlights a decade ago- that was then, this is now. Get a que from your neighbor across the street and budget for that complete make-over pronto!I cannot stand their pyramid elevators. They are the most unreliable, noisiest and uncomfortable elevators I have ever ridden. Our hotel room was a disaster. Upon walking and inspecting our room we noticed a list of things that made our stay unpleasant and uncomfortable such as; bathroom wallpaper peeling off the walls, ripped and thinned out bed sheets, uneven floor, dusty window sills, etc. We had considered paying for an upgrade but several people told us it would not be any different. Yes, even at an additional $50 a night we would still have a traditional tube television. Not even a flat screen tube at that! No thanks.
2	I stopped coming here when I realized I could afford to pay more than $99/night for a room in Vegas.You're stuck at the end of the Strip, the casino is meh, the rooms are straight out of 1997, and the whole place smells vaguely of that wet towel at the bottom of your hamper that you forgot about for two weeks.2 stars based on price and the fact that a girl once approached my group and tried to pick all of us up before stumbling away drunk....with a man's shoe print clearly visible on her left calf.
3	3 stars because of the rates. booked on priceline for 2 nights and the rate was $105...Can't really beat that...however, the lowdown is the lobby and pools are 4-5 stars, but the rooms? wait...let's start with the elevators. rickety, shook while in transport and the found sound of squealing cables made me nervous about safety every time I got into em. the corridors reminded me of the shining and was waiting for the twins or that kid on a tricycle to come zoomin down! The rooms were ok, beds were super comfortable, but nothin to write home about. nothin spectacular...for a few bucks more I would have rather stayed somewhere else.
2	I was here on business and ate four meals at food establishments in the Luxor property. On each occasion the food was generally of decent standard but once it had arrived I was only approached by the wait staff to see if I wanted the check and have my plate cleared. Would have been nice to have at least inquired if everything was ok. House keeping didn't show up for the first two days and I didn't have a do not disturb sign on the door. The pool area and towels are free to hotel guests and you are invited to play a game of 'seek the loungers' after 10am. The hotel has three pools but strangely two are roped off for and unused by the people paying $$$ for cabanas and premium sunloungers. Music is trash chart guff. Like most places in Vegas when you're inside you will end up smelling like an ashtray and so will your clothes. No wifi anywhere but there's a 20 foot cable for free wired Internet access. Its not obvious and you have to ask the front desk about it.  The business center isn't available but you can pay $15 for 10 minutes of access to a 'terminal' near the payphones that everyone can read over your shoulder. Overall, the room was adequate, but I wouldn't stay at the Luxor if offered a choice again.
3	MGM Resorts International owns a dozen huge properties in Las Vegas:Aria, Circus Circus, Luxor, MGM Grand, Monte Carlo, Signature, Four Seasons, Bellagio, Excalibur, Mandalay Bay, Mirage, New York New York, Vdara, and the Mandarin. 13 if you count THE Hotel (really part of Mandalay) separately, like they sometimes do. Then 14 if you count CityCenter, and 15 for CityCenter Residences (timeshares) but then back to 14 because I think they don't own the Mandarin anymore. Anyway, a huge corporation, owning half the Strip or more. Their M-Life frequent spender card is good at all the proporties to build freebee points. 5 of their properties are linked together on the south end of the Strip, and 3 are prominent: Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay Bay. These 3 are connected by a free tram system between them. There are also connective walkways between the three.  Where Excalibue is more of a family place, and Mandalay Bay is a higher end, more sophsticated place, the Luxor can be described as a place for the youth set. They have exhibits like The Human Body on the mezzanine, and the sophmoric comedy of Carrot Top. The nightclub, lacking creative naming capabilities, or seeking a particular Westchester district of Los Angeles crowd, is called LAX. And in the casino, they play loud club music all over, so it is hard to hear the numbers called on the Craps table. And most of your fellow players are noobs on the gaming tables, not knowing the rules or the bets.The rooms are average hotel rooms. The most unusual thing is of course the Pyramid Shape, the huge light beam shining into the dark nigth from the top of it, and the diagonally moving elevators. It is a clever idea, until you get inside one drunk and try to stand upright as it moves sort of sideways. The Egyption  themed decor great outside with the Sphinx and Obelisk, but indoors it is drab, like being inside a dustry tomb in some places (like the buffet room). The pool has a huge waterfall contraption in the middle, but you can't use it for a slide, just a small waterfall. So if this is your first time to Vegas, and if you are in the 21-29 age group, this isn't a bad choice. They offer cheap deals on rooms, and I got a special show rate of about $60, and in the past got internet deals under $100 a night even on a weekend. But no bath, only a shower in the Pyramid rooms. You are probably better off room wise, in the separate tower.
2	So I used to work for a major travel company and I had pretty much stayed at every hotel in Las Vegas except for Luxor so I wanted to try it out finally. I wish i hadn't stayed here and wasted my money. We originally booked the pyramid standard non smoking room but when we walked in it smelled like a dirty hole in the wall bar!Also the bed comforter had holes in it and the carpets were filthy!! This room looked so nasty and old totally UNACCEPTABLE! So I called down to the front desk to complain after being transferred a million times I got a rude women who hated her job obviously and said there were no more pyramid standard rooms available. If we wanted to switch rooms we would have to upgrade to a tower suite for an additional $50 dollars no comp upgrade! I said alright whatever I will pay it as is worth it to get out of this nasty diseased looking and smelling room! So we go to the check in desk all the way on the other side in their tower and the front desk lady is a complete b**** OMG! Wow just completely rude and miserable i guess she was pms'ing that day or something. So we finally get checked into the "Tower Suite" SUITE REALLY? YUCKO It was just an over sized dump! Nice sized living room I'll give them that bedroom was very small and the "spa tub" was the size of a regular tub just with jets in it! This room was just as dumpy as the first just bigger. Overall I was so disappointed with the room and even more disappointed with the service or lack of good customer service! The only thing good about this hotel is there shows Carrot Top is a riot and i heard Fantasy is amazing. PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE ...TRUST ME!
1	We stayed here for three nights, over Labor Day weekend.  This was a return trip to Vegas after going in February 2011.  That trip was great and we were sad to leave.  We were looking for the same kind of trip this time around, but cheaper, so we stayed at Luxor (last time we stayed at Paris).  Unfortunately, everything about our stay was awful and we were actually relieved to return home! I will try to break down the awfulness that is Luxor:Rooms: Our room was in dire need of updating.  The television set was old school and the air conditioner reminded me of Motel 6.  I don't so much care about modernization, though; the worst part by far was the bathroom.  Our shower had tons of soap scum, as well as dust.  The door was peeling and cracking along the bottom.  When I opened my washcloth the first night, it was to find a long black hair inside. I am blonde.  It was so gross that I found myself regretting that I didn't bring shower shoes.  The towels smelled burnt- not sure if they were old or if they had been previously used in smoking rooms, but even my 7 year-old commented on the towels being "stinky."  Food: I can't say enough about how bad the food was and I think this was probably the worst part of our whole weekend since we get very excited about eating.  The More Buffet was quite simply the worst I've ever been to.  It should be hard to screw up breakfast, but they managed.  The eggs were runny and had the oddest taste.  The scones could double as weapons, they were so hard.  The only item my son ended up being able to eat was a bowl of cereal each day.  Being economical during this trip was really important, so we needed to take advantage of our two free buffets per day.  In our defense, we tried the other places, but they were equally bad.  We ate at Rice and Company and had the  most bland teriyaki chicken ever.  We ate dessert at the Pyramid Cafe and it was just... gross.  Customer Service: The first incident took place at check-in, when we were handed our room key and directed to elevator 2, which ended up being the wrong elevator for our room, and which resulted in quite a hike across the hotel.  We had to find out on our own that elevators 4 were the ones we needed.  We also experienced poor customer service at the More Buffet, Rice and Company, and Pyramid Cafe.  The servers at the buffet just seem very brusque and were not friendly... (maybe I am just so upset over the gross food that I interpreted it that way).  The hostesses at Rice and Company were snooty and acted like they were annoyed with us.  Our server at the Pyramid Cafe was certainly a character, but I just don't like it when the server becomes a big part of your dining experience.  I think they should be unobtrusive.  Besides all of these cons, you know those salespeople that you find at every hotel and casino that try to offer you tickets when you walk by their kiosks? Well, they are staggered throughout the floor of the Luxor, so there's no way to avoid them, and they were by far the most aggressive and rude ones I have ever encountered! One in particular was very demanding that we follow him to get free tickets and acted offended and angry when we told him no- several times.  We were literally accosted at least three times on the way to eat breakfast every day. I read below that this is a good place to go if you are in your 20's and perhaps that's true.  There were a lot of drunk jerks running around over the weekend.  At nighttime, when we went to the buffet, I had to tell my son to close his eyes because there was always a girl pole dancing right in front of the escalator! Just not really a family atmosphere.   All in all, we decided that we would never stay here again, even if it was free, even if it was a free suite! We chose not to complain to management because a) we were afraid of what management would be like after all these other experiences, and b) there was really nothing that could ever entice us to return to this place, so why bother? Oh, I forgot to mention that there was also a hidden $50 "resort fee" upon check-in (we had paid our entire fare through Expedia beforehand), which might not have been so irritating if there was anything resort-like about the place.Bottom line: If you are looking for a place to sleep and that's it, this would be fine.  If you care about comfort, class, environment, etc., stay away!
1	The bathtub and separate showers are nice, granite and tile, but the shower head and the towels are low rent. Other than this the tower deluxe room wasnt anythig special nothong particularly bad, just decent. If i wasnt hwre for work I would absolutely stay at least at the mandalay bay or nicer more mid-strip.  I had multiple problems with my keycard not working in the door, and an issue with my reservation thatr I called ahead to avoid and once there nothing was done and I was misinformed/lied too.  I will go out of my way not to stay here and make sure nobody else has to deal with their incompetence.  Too many bettere options to stay at on the strip to stay at the "Sux"ur.
1	We spent the night here after spending 3 nights in a different hotel further down the strip, and my girlfriend's first comment was "Downgradeeeeeeeee....".  Which it is, even perhaps from your local motel.The Luxor has done something tricky.  They've managed to disguise their 2-star hotel by spotting it with 4-star features, like "internet" and "buffet" and "shows".  They also have "concierges" and "room service".We were actually greeted first not by hotel staff, but by one of the discount-ticket booths that try get you into purchasing all sorts of whatnots.  This was bad sign #1.  We then proceeded to the huge check-in line, which managed to stream out to the door.  This was bad sign #2.  It literally seemed like it would be more beneficial to listen to the discount-ticket seller than waiting in that monstrosity.After eventually getting our room keys and trekking to the proper elevator, we had the pleasure of watching the room service staff at work.  Somebody had left their unfinished meal outside, and the staff was "cleaning" it.  This meant moving it from the corridor to a secluded corner where the remnants of who-knows-how-many meals also lay.  The best part was that the leftovers remained there untouched until we checked out the next day!  Mmmm... delicious.  This was bad signs #3 and 4.Walking around this hotel is a chore in the pyramid.  Each corner only serves certain floors, so if you're unlucky enough to be in the 50% (yes, 5-0) that are on the opposite side of the building from your specific elevator, you're going to be walking a LOT.  After trekkiing to our room, opening the door to our room, we were greeted with a beautiful view of the airport's runways, carpet from the mid-90s, a CRT television (wow!), and an air conditioner that made my old college dorm seem palacial.The bed was like a cupcake - not something you want to sleep on.  It was just a huge mattress topper, but with little support to speak of.  The bathroom was pretty spartan, so it did actually feel like we were living similarly to the ancient Egyptians.  I guess they can get their 1 star from this.  They offer internet, which was wired from a 25-foot cable set inside your dresser.  Somehow, they have decided to install a router in every room, but neglected to get wireless, or more importantly a digital thermostat.  Your air conditioner is the On-High-Med-Low/Hot-Cool kind, so if you find yourself alone, late at night, waking up to change your room temperature, fear not.  For you are already at the Luxor.Needless to say, we didn't feel particularly encouraged to spend time at the casino or the restaurants, so we walked the 1/2 mile or so to citycenter and spent the rest of the day there.Even for the low prices, you're getting ripped by their ~20$ resort fee.  The only reason I'd stay at the Luxor is to beef up my mLife account, and then hop over to some of their pricier resorts to get my comps.
3	Dear Luxor,I want to like you. I mean, come on, you're a giant pyramid. However the 45 minute check-in line on a week day (not exaggerating) and the ten minute check-in process that made the line make more sense (still serious) was painful. What's even more painful? Being on the same side of the hotel as the pool -- that means being forced to listen to a very loud and proud rendition of Bruno Mars and every other top 40's hit at 8 a.m.. Sometimes your guests want to sleep in. Sometimes they don't want to be barraged with bad pop music until 10 o'clock. That brings me to my next point... the pool and hot tub are only open till 8. (Everyone told me all things in Vegas are 24 hours, your pool doesn't even stay up as late as my grandparents.) And your work out room closes at 7?I want to like you, Luxor, I really do. You can start right now by turning down the music and restarting it in an hour with something sexier like Portishead or Goldfrapp. Please and thank you.Yours,Naomi
1	My husband and I stayed at the Luxor for four nights over the Labor day weekend. The building and casino itself were alright, but the room was not up to par. First of all, we booked a two queen bed Pyramid room. When checking in, the woman helping us never mentioned that there were no more two bed rooms and that they had put us in a one bed room. It wouldn't have bothered us to be in the one bed room (we like to have two beds to put stuff on top of the other bed instead of on the floor) but it wouldn't have hurt to let us know. When we went back to the check in to ask about it, the woman gave us an attitude so we just made it work instead of fighting it.Also, the woman at the check out desk told us the wrong elevator to go on to get to our room so we spent an hour and a half trying to find our room. We stopped and asked three people who worked for the Luxor and none of them had any idea where our room was! That's not okay.Next, we noticed two different trays of room service that had been placed out in the hallway near our room to be cleaned up. The next day, those trays were still sitting out in the hallway. After the third day, we called the front desk to complain because it was starting the stink very badly. Finally by the fourth day it had been cleaned up. Gross!We only put the privacy sign on the door when we were sleeping, but some how still got skipped over for two days when it came to room service.It also really sucked that to get to the monorail, we had to walk through the Luxor and Excalibur, go across the street to New York New York, then back across to the MGM. You already do a ton of walking in Las Vegas but this just adds to it. This was our fault though for not figuring it out before booking a hotel room.No wonder the rates for this place were so cheap. We won't be staying here again.
1	We showed up and they didn't have our Travelocity reservation that was made two weeks prior and told us they were completely booked.  After calling Travelocity while waiting at the counter, they were able to get us one of our rooms, then they realized we had booked two, so we had to go through the whole process over again.  After spending AN HOUR at the counter, they were able to get rooms for us.Upon entering our room, a man from inside comes running at the door, scaring all of us.  THEY GAVE US AN ACTIVE KEY FOR A ROOM THAT ALREADY HAD SOMEONE CHECKED INTO IT.  I made the long trek back down to registration and had informed them of their latest mess up.  They finally gave me an upgraded suite that didn't have anybody in it, but we slept with one eye open hoping nobody would enter our room.Upon check out it took another HOUR to check out, I'm not kidding, because they couldn't find my info in their system AGAIN.  So I wasted about 3 hours dealing with trying to get the rooms that I had booked 2 weeks in advance, wasting much of our vacation time.  The staff was extremely rude as well, insisting that it was Travelocity's fault even though THEY do things like put people in rooms where others are already staying.  Other people next to me at registration were complaining about things like their rooms not having been cleaned upon their check in.  This place seriously sucks.  The pyramid rooms are junky as well and falling apart.  They waived their BS "resort fee" ($30) that they charge you on top of your reservation, but it's obvious that THEY SIMPLY DO NOT CARE at this hotel when I was telling them what I had to deal with.  My 60 year old mother was in tears on her first ever trip to Las Vegas.
2	I've always been a fan of this hotel, until they started charging extra for using the "quiet" side pool with the waterfall statues.  Give me a break, its not like it comes with a cabana, massage or something... The "$30 Resort Fee" what a rip off!  I highly recommend Laughlin and/or Boulder City!
2	The rooms are too old, and there's just too much wear and tear. The rooms in the pyramid are also smaller than the rest of the rooms, so try to request to not be in the pyramid, unless you don't mind the lack of space. Not too many amenities, but this place has a cute Egyptian theme with a pharoah going through the casino from time to time. It is one of the older hotels on the Strip, and respect must be given. Hopefully, they can upgrade the rooms soon. The pool was pretty large the last time I was there, but it's nothing spectacular. Sound system is okay but nothing to write home about. All in all, there are a lot of good deals to be had here on rooms, but it might be a better and bigger bang for your buck to spend your money elsewhere.
1	EW. Wack. Price conscious crowd = unsanitary public restrooms in the casino, less than helpful & friendly staff, disappointing rooms, & killer wait time for check in.
2	I've stayed here twice and have been very underwhelmed both times. The only reason we've stayed there was because we got free hotel stays for attending a timeshare presentation (bleh!).  This was probably the last time we'll stay there... free or not.The hotel is extremely old and it really shows. Their headline shows include Douchebag Extraordinaire Chris Angel and the ruin that was once a semi-chuckle-worthy Carrot Top. The hotel's entrances are riddled with workers who hound you trying to give you "free/discounted show tickets" but that are actually just a ploy to get you to attend more timeshare presentations.Definitely not the place you'd want to stay in if you're looking for a flashy Vegas experience.The Mandalay Bay is 1000% better.
1	If I could give no stars I would. I think it's interesting that my post to Luxor's Facebook page was quickly deleted because they didn't want people to see the real them. Funny. Here's my story:A year ago my husband and I reserved 2 nights at the Luxor. The second morning there, we received word that my mother in law had suffered a brutal attack and was in the hospital undergoing emergency brain surgery. We had to leave immediately. The upper management at Luxor basically said "sucks to be you" and refused to even comp us our 2nd night good toward a future stay. We weren't even asking for a refund, although, given the circumstances, I think would've still been honorable. And the incredible thing about it is, the people standing in line behind us as we were checking out, booked OUR same exact room that we had already paid for. So Luxor was profiting twice off of one room for one night. Sweet deal for them. So then, a couple of days ago, Luxor has the audacity to send me an email stating I can book with them for 20% off...some promo crap...are you kidding me?! We will NEVER stay at this place again! We go to Vegas every year, sometimes twice a year, and there are far too many fabulous hotels that give us VIP treatment every time for us to ever have to experience the disservice that is the Luxor ever again.
2	I expected Vegas to be shady and a little gritty, but in the good Tarantino-like way. That was not the case at all with the Luxor. Forget the check-in line that wound all the way to the casino entrance or the guest rooms in the pyramid that haven't been renovated since they built the damn thing. This place was just dirty, underwhelming, and crawling with timeshare salespeople. We couldn't get through ANY door without being accosted for "a moment of our time". I should have known better when they called to tell me I'd won a "free stay for taking a tour of our property." Save yourself the time and humiliation. Just pay a little extra and stay at the Mandalay next door instead. The only good thing about this place is the classic photo op (hence my TWO stars rather than one).
1	I went to book my room and the lady I had dealt with from the previous stay (Magaly Munoz-Mejorado ) had transferred positions and could not help me. The person she sent me to (Edna Martinez later I found out was out she was out of town and nobody could do her position except her HAHA! ) did not respond for over 1 week. I eventually just called to book the stay and I spoke with some ghetto woman who acted like I was bothering her at her home or something. It was crazy... I finally got it booked  when I spoke with a supervisor (Molly Merritt Hotel  Shift Manager) and she was so nice. She was one of the nicest people I have ever spoke with. She deserves to be in Edna's position. I really thought I was going to have a good time after speaking with her... but I was sadly mistaken. The rest of the trip pretty much went the same as the 1st trip. IF I read the reviews to Luxor I would have NEVER stayed there. Mind you this is my updated 2nd review. I went back to the Luxor and had similar problems. Check in, they messed up our room and I thankfully caught it, before going upstairs. After 15-25 mins w/ our Rep talking with her supervisor they got it squared away and we were on our way. The suite was actually nicer, much larger and more updated than the previous mini-suite. All seemed great UNTIL the night came. They had a banner that was loose and the large cables were  banging up against the window, which I can understand it happens. It is how you treat your customers when this DOES happen. I called to complain and the service was once again EXTREMELY RUDE. She finally said to me, Well do you want to move or what? Excuse me? I just want to have it fixed. She told me she would have someone fix it. I didnt get much sleep and it sucked waking up on vaca so sleepy. I called down the next day and they had no record of any of this. They told me they would call me back. Nobody did, I called back again a few hours later when I got back into the room and they told me it wouldn't be fixed until Monday or Tuesday and I was leaving Sunday afternoon. We decided to move rooms.This time we moved into a the same sort of suite, but just not as nice. The bellman told me he was surprised they didnt put me in a nicer room, because that is what they usually do. I was just glad I actually got some rest that night. I was exhausted from being out late and having fun. The service at the restaurant this time was better and the time frame to get our food was MUCH faster.  I had a good time with my husband out and about doing our thing...BUT All in all I will NEVER go back to the Luxor. I will try some nicer hotels on the strip. I heard a lot of good things about the Venetian, so I think I am going to try that one out next time we go to Vegas!
1	I do not care how low the rates may be I will never stay here again. We recently went on a girls weekend and stayed here. At check in the lady was like a robot. No expressions, no warm welcome, nothing. We went to our rooms that we were told connected and they didn't. We were ultimately given 4 sets of rooms and shuffled back and forth from the east and west towers before our bellman finally got us two rooms that connected. He was the only helpful employee our entire stay at the Luxor. Multiple times the valet only opened the driver's door and walked away. When we called to ask about details of the pool the answer we were given was, "Well, we have one." I will never stay here again and I will encourage my friends and family to do the same.
2	WE LOVE VEGAS!WE USUALLY GO ONCE A YEAR.This year we got reeled in by Luxor's great rates.Unfortunately we got what we paid for.Leaky windows, worn, beat up furnishings? C'mon, really? This is supposed to be a high class hotel/casino, right?On the plus side, the sideways elevators were cool.They also have the Titanic exhibit, which is excellent!And Tender steakhouse is a 5 star all the way.But the rooms were not great. So if you want a deal on the strip, check them out. For us though, we'll go all in and hit Caesar's or somewhere else next time.
1	SUCKS...was not impressed at all.We stayed three days, which was the amount of time a dirty room service tray lay outside the door next to ours. I called the front desk twice (eight hours apart) to complain about it. Nothing was done until I took pictures and went down to the front desk and showed them. The tray was starting to smell before they finally cleaned it up!! I see on other reviews that this seems to be a common practice here.Other complaints are the old tv., twenty foot cable from routers that served as your internet connection,  the lack of a bed spread, and the carpet that was soaked from the leaking air conditioner (which looked like they were bought at a motel six yard sale.We were asked at least thirty times by timeshare representatives to let them give us free stuff for a little of our time.  Every turn inside the hotel seemed liking they had these guys lurking. The worst thing about it was that there was no management to complain to and no hotel staff to help you out. Once you checked in after waiting in the three hundred foot line, you are on your own.
3	I was happy with this hotel as I knew it wasn't going to be amazing. We came in for a friends wedding, which is the main reason we chose this location. Mandalay was a bit too pricey and this was attached so not a bad deal.The line was long, but a really nice front desk lady named Marilyn helped us out. She saw we had a wheel chair and brought us over to the VIP services area. Check in took minutes and she made sure we were in the towers, and near the workout facility. She was the best front desk worker I've ever dealt with in Vegas. She deserves 5 stars. It does take a while to get to the tower rooms, but wow, it was worth it. Normal elevators, and a pretty quiet area. The room was spacious and updated. Two beds, a nice flat screen TV, chair and a view of the pool. Nice.  It was very clean, so I was happy about that. The hotel is a little confusing when trying to get around downstairs, but nice enough.  Checkout was pretty decent too, and they let me check our bags until it was time to leave. The connection to the Mandalay Bay has some nice shops and cool things to do including restaurants. I would definitely stay there again if I could get a tower room.
1	Shitshow. If I could give no stars I would. I've never stayed at a crappier place in Vegas. Stuck in elevator for over an hour, lines were ridiculous, no real food options, stale casino air, and approached by time share reps every corner I turned. Don't waste your time or money here. Spend a few dollars more and stay at Mandalay. Luxor makes the Tropicana look like a five star resort.
1	Wow, just wow.I decided to try the Luxor as a friend of mine had suggested it.  I had not been here in quite a number of years, and decided it was time to give them a try.  I requested a 3-night stay.As I check in at the front desk, I was offered an upgrade to a tower suite room for an extra $20, which I thought was a good deal.  This was in the new towers (not the older pyramid) in the existing resort.  I was very anxious to see these new rooms, as this was supposed to be a new renovation the Luxor completed.  The last time I stayed in this hotel was about 6 or 7 years ago, so it looked totally different now.After check-in and receiving my room key, I had one HELL of a time finding the elevators.  This was bar none, the most confusing arrangement I had ever seen. -- Even other guests were asking ME for directions to THEIR elevators...  Pathetic..  Finally, after asking two casino people, they were able to escort me to the proper elevator.  Now, as they were doing so, I counted 9 (nine) different turns down various passageways.  I was so spun around, I didn't know which way was up after being  brought to the correct elevator door.  This place is like a MAZE unlike anything imaginable......Now I finally reach my floor.  After getting off the elevator, I noticed several different hallways going off into different directions...  Yep, you guessed it, NO signs indicating which rooms were down which hall, either...  Well, after some poking around and wasting maybe 5 more minutes trying to find where to go, I finally found my room!So, I put my key into the door, unlocked, and went inside...  That's when the fun started....So, what did I see when I opened my hotel room??There was this old guy sitting on the bed, in his underwear, T-Shirt, holding a TV remote control in his hand, staring me up and down....The guy, VERY surprised, asked me "Ummmm?....  Who the HELL are you?!!!"...I was about to ask the same question...I was like "This was supposed to be MY room, sir..."...   The guy told me that him and his wife were not supposed to check out until Friday!....  W-T-F!??Yep, something was really screwed up, BIG TIME!I apologized to the guy and told him I would sort it out with the front desk..So, down the elevators and into the maze I went marching back to the front desk.I told the Luxor desk clerk what happened.  She just said, "Oh, sorry, we THOUGHT that room was already vacant"....Nope, there was an old guy sitting in his underwear watching TV and he was supposed to be there until Friday, I said...They acted like it wasn't any big deal.  That was until I told them to cancel my reservation and refund my money.  Now, the manager comes over and tells me he would make things right by offering me a "free upgrade".I told him that would not do, as I didn't like the layout of the hotel and had a very funny feeling about the place.  I told the manager that the hotel signage sucked, and the layout and design was beyond bad...  He seemed very disturbed by my comments, and just said, "OK, then, that's the best we can do"..  Anyway, I had to insist two more times for a refund before they would finally process it.  They were trying like hell to keep me from canceling.Save your time and money.  This place does not have it together.
4	I love the Luxor.  It is not too extortionately expensive compared to many of the hotels on the strip, so we always upgrade to the Jacuzzi suite (sweet!) in the Pyramid.  These rooms are quite spacious, and you can't beat a little late night jacuzzi overlooking the strip after a hard night of partying....There were a few problems with the room - there was  cup of left over couscous in the fridge, and a coffee cup sat in the hallway for 2 days without being cleared away, but it certainly was not filthy as some of the other reviews imply.  The casino itself actually feels more open, less oppressive and quieter than some of the other hotels nearby.  The bars are great - nothing flash or fancy but a great place to sit and grab a drink.  The tables are not expensive, and the staff are friendly.  They used to have camel racing, but sadly that was taken away - apparently there is not a a huge demand for spare miniature camel parts or something...Maybe the best part of staying at the Luxor is its close proximity to Mandalay Bay, New York New York, and MGM, which are, in my opinion, 3 of the best hotels on the strip to eat and drink at....
2	I stayed Mon-Fri....As soon as we arrived we noticed our room was warm and the bathroom fan didn't work....we contacted the front desk and were assured that engineering would check it out...my son's room was nice and cool with a working bathroom fan....one to two hours later we inquired again and again were assured that engineering would check it out.....Well, of course the promised repairs never occurred during the five days we were there........room was old with a tube tv....internet available with connection from tv......nothing great about this place....trays left in the hallway for hours on end....disturbing!.....will not stay again....
2	I've stayed at a lot of places on the Strip & was surprised how sub-par the Luxor is.  It's priced in the medium/high range, but offers a low/medium tier experience, not to mention it's at the far end of the strip.  - The AC is so-so.  Make sure to close the blinds on your window otherwise your room will warm up quickly & take a long time to cool off.- Because the elevators ("inclinators") are slanted to the shape of the hotel, it's more like riding a subway car than a traditional elevator.- Also, the elevators can make a lot more walking than you expect.  Like a lot of hotels, certain elevators only go to certain floors.  However, unlike a hotel where all the elevators are clustered in a centralized location, Luxor has an elevator bank in each of its four corners.  Your particular elevator will only be in one of then.  This means you may need to walk to the complete opposite end of the hotel to get to your elevator & once on your floor double back to complete opposite end again.- The design of the hotel is such that the hallways of the hotel are open to the atrium.  If you're on an upper floor, it can be fairly un-nerving if you don't like heights.  - There's no wireless Internet.  However, they automatically charge you a "resort fee" which includes a wired one in your room.- Check-in lines are long, but you can check-out through TV.My advice is to stay at the Flamingo.  The rooms are equivalent to slightly better, it's typically a fair bit cheaper, and better located.
2	The Luxor is, for me as a local, the place you can go to when you want to refuel on a cheap dollar or two cheeseburger and beer (their food court is almost off-strip prices and has a McDonalds) and then to perhaps wander back into the Mandalay Bay or Excalibur.  It's not really a casino that excels at capturing any specific section of my attention -- the rooms I've been in are very much "Okay" but aside from a couple papyrus heiroglyphs on the dresser I could be anywhere else on a budget.  The gambling action is far from the walk-in off the Mandalay catwalk and I never really saw any specials that grabbed me.  If you want cheap gambling, you go to the Excalibur.  If you want good food and a lounge, Mandalay.It's just kind of there to be a Strip icon and to make you go "Dang, what a nice inside architecture!" (and perhaps to say, "Carrot Top?  You serious, dogg?")
1	Forced to stay here because of convenience to the convention center and couldn't get a room at the Mandalay Bay.  It's been probably 10 years since stepping foot in the Luxor.  I am unimpressed.  The place just seems dirty and old.  This place needs a major renovation or just tear it down.  The elevator walls are peeling and tarnished.  Pyramid Deluxe rooms are dark.  There's been a glass sitting at the at the foot of my door since the day I checked in and it's still not been taken away.  I can say I will never be back here again.
2	We knew what we were getting into when we decided to stay here, but it was a holiday weekend and the prices seemed to be much lower at the Luxor than any place else on the strip.  We stayed in one of the Tower suites.The good:The room was clean, spacious and totally silent.  Either we had the quietest neighbors ever or the walls are pretty thick.  We literally never heard another human being while we were in the room (although we did hear one or two sirens from the street).  The bed and pillows were also pretty comfy, given that it's a low-end hotel.The bad:Everything is old, outdated and sad-looking.  Both TVs in the suite were ancient and very small (maybe 19"), plus the picture quality was bad (black lines across the screen) and the channels were limited.  As a lot of other reviewers mention, finding the correct elevator bank was surprisingly difficult and there were a lot of people trying to talk you into "great discounts!" everywhere in the casino.  Also, there is a $15/per night resort fee.The weird:When we were coming back to our suite Saturday night (well, technically Sunday morning) security guys were shutting down the elevator bank and told us they had a "big crime scene" and we couldn't go up that way.  I pointed out that there didn't seem to be any other way to get up to our room and there was no way I was doing 14 flights of stairs in heels, and one of them grudgingly took us up in the elevator himself.  No word on what the crime was, but it did not inspire a lot of confidence.
2	I'm glad I read these reviews before I checked in.  We were here last week for a conference.  The conference had a special room rate of 55.00 per night( pyramid).  When we checked in, I was told the conference was in the Tower and I could upgrade for 20.00 more.  We did that and I cant believe that room was an upgrade.  We did have a view of the pool, so that was nice, but it was so cold and rainy, we couldnt use it.  Too bad we still had to pay the 10.00 resort fee per night.  Thats ridiculous, especially since I didnt use any ammenities.  The room doesnt even have wifi.  Also, we dropped a pretzel near the elevator on the first day and it sat there the entire 5 days we were at the hotel.  No one came to sweep the area.  I was pissed that I couldnt take food "to Go" from one of the restaurants.  Also, the hotel wanted to charge me 25.00 a night for a fridge for my insulin.  They waived it after I told them about the Americans with Disabilities act.  I would not willingly stay here again.
1	I was here for Supply side west... at best Luxor is a 1 star, I would not stay here again even for free!! Room was trashy - huge red carpet stains, (blood or wine, hoping wine) - towels looked like they were used from motel 6!! , no wireless anywhere in hotel so we held our meeting at another hotel, (spent 100's in food and drinks because  Mr Luxor will not install wireless... really smart move!!!) internet cord in my room would not even reach my table... overall this is a really poor place to stay.. + its away from all the action of the good hotels... NEVER EVER AGIAN!!!!! Management here has not a clue!!!
2	Hmmm... What to say about the Luxor...My husband and I stayed in the pyramid because it was cheaper than the tower (and thus, more ghetto...). If I wasn't trying to save money on this trip, I would have stayed at a higher end hotel, so you could say that I knew what I was getting myself into by booking this hotel.The rooms were okaaay. I didn't feel super clean. I found some stains on the bedding. I'm not sure if these were permanent stains and had already tried to be removed or if they were stale and didn't see the laundry room yet... ewww...The bathroom was big but the fan in the bathroom was so loud! It was like I was next door to a jet engine. I could also hear the people above me flushing and using the bathroom. Weird. I would think their bathroom fan would drown out that noise for me... The walls must have been very thin or my hearing is remarkable.There was no wireless. What? Is this the 1990s? When we checked in the reception wasn't very nice. When we checked out, they were nice. So I guess that could have been hit or miss.We will not be returning to this hotel. Sorry, Luxor!
3	Definitely the coolest looking hotel! I love the decor but the bars and casino were not as fun as other places on the strip!
1	Yuk!  Staying at the Luxor this week.Normally, I stay at the Four Seasons for $30 more than this place. Unfortunately they were sold out and my only other option was the smelly 'ol run-down Luxor for my company's big conference this year.  This place has really gotten dumpy over the last 10 years and I'm not looking forward to my week in Vegas this time.After being here for 4 hours, here are my observations....- front-desk staff are indifferent (i.e., seem to know that they have an inferior product)- elevators are VERY SLOW and very creaky (glad that I made it to my floor - 13th)- No Ice in any of the ice machines (tried 6 different locations on 3 different floors)- No wireless - have to connect using a hard-wire cable if you can find it behind the TV- Beds do not feel clean - I'll be sleeping fully clothed and will not attempt to get under the covers- The bottoms of my feet turned black from walking barefoot on the carpet.This place seriously needs a major face lift before I stay here again.
3	I was surprised to see that the standard rooms are, well standard hotel rooms. Guess I was expecting an Egyptian motif instead. Basic no frills room, could use a little update. I stayed in the tower and the only cool thing about that is due to the pyramid shape they actually use inclinators rather then elevators. I was told the difference is an elevator goes straight up and down while the inclinator goes at an angle. It's kinda cool since it's such a mild angle but still something you can definitely feel. Bottom line, at the end of the strip, nothing special. Disappointing if you're expecting the hotel theme to be carried thru from lobby to rooms.
2	Stayed here over this past weekend. It was descent and what I expected, nothing over the top. I'm not too picky when it comes to little things. I just wanted a nice place to be able to relax, sleep and shower. Plus, we got a good deal on Orbitz.Pros: The room was clean and the space was great for 2. The walkways to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur were very convenient. Looks pretty cool at night.Cons: Had several staff members constantly push their shows and clubs on us. One guy was standing in the front of the lobby and was rude when I told him I wasn't interested for the 3rd time. We didn't have a "do not disturb" sign when we got to the room and on the first night the cleaning lady knocked once, opened the door before yelling out "housekeeping." She never gave us a chance to let her know the room was occupied. Before she walked off, I asked her for a sign and she said she would bring one by....nothing! This went on for the next 3 mornings we were there.
3	I have stayed in the Suite and also the regular room on two separate occasions. The suite was pretty good but the regular room was a tad small. Both have pretty old fashion deco with lotsa dark wood.I didn't care much for the beds or pillows. Kinda clumpy and the comforter was pretty dismal. But I got to say, everyone that we have dealt with, be it concierge reception desk or just floor staff has been really helpful and gracious. I doubt I would stay in their rooms but would definitely gamble there~
1	Stayed here for fourth of July weekend a couple years ago. Self parking was full so we tried to valet. They said unless we had a room card, they wouldn't valet the car. We had a confirmation number, but that wasn't good enough. Ended up having to park the next hotel over and walk with our bags. When I complained at the front desk, they offered to wave the $10 resort fee. We got to the room, and it was awful. It smelled and had burnt out lightbulbs. Overall, this is a good place to stay if you plan on only passing out drunk in the room. Otherwise, there are much nicer and cheaper places to stay.
3	Price wise, it was cheap!So I got nothing to complain :)Wait, maybe just one or two ...Parking situation was bad. Walked a long distance from the self parking to the room...The hotel is located at the end of the strip...
1	I would say our experience was less than ideal, but not horrible and didn't want to be too negative on what could have been an isolated incident... but now reading other reviews... I feel like my experience was actually somewhat typical. My friend booked this for room because it was well-priced. My friends got a pretty nice suite room that was spacious. Our room was suppose to also be a non-smoking suite, but they instead gave us a "regular" sized room instead, which was quite small (I didn't mind the size since we were only staying a single night and just sleeping)  and worse was that the room had the worse smoke odor I've ever experienced. Now I would stay I've stayed in a decently number of hotels over the years (many of them were the cheapest we could find) and occasionally I've noticed a little bit of a smell in a smoking hotel room - but this was worse I've ever been in after about 5 mins and your eyes start to hurt.We went back to change the room and they "explanation" was that when we first checked in... they didn't have a suite, OR a non-smoking room available - so they silently gave us a smoking regular sized room instead. There were some separate issues (which could have been unfortunate coincidences and I'll skip over) but basically it took us an hour (they called for someone to assist, but that person didn't show up, so they had to call someone else) and a talk to the manager before we could change our rooms to at least a non-smoking regular sized room.
1	The Luxor appeared tired and very worn as of 11-2-2011. No in-room safe, no tub (ergo, no edge to hold shampoo, razor, etc.), no mini-bar (frig), no coffee/tea set up, no easy chair or sofa.The devil is in the details: carpets throughout were badly faded. Elevator interiors showed considerable accumulated wear and tear; some elevator doors had problems closing; and some elevator call buttons seemed non-functional. Elevators with any problem do not instill confidence.Our queen-Pyramid room was spacious, but not all that comfortable. The picture shown on the Luxor website of a typical room must have had extensive supplemental lighting, because even with all the lights on, the room was dimly lit. The bathroom was worse with just one low-watt overhead fixture in the middle of the room making shaving or doing make-up annoyingly difficult. Bathroom fan was very loud, as was the  the toilet flush. Facial and toilet tissue were unpleasantly coarse and scratchy (however, tissue at their spa was acceptable). Although beds had nice firm pillows, the worn mattresses lacked adequate support. Linens were exceedingly thin. Seating in our room consisted of three dining room type chairs, two of which needed to have their partially broken seat surfaces replaced. A small circular utility table had numerous scratches. Exterior of the windows was extremely dirty.One odd comment: the electric outlets all seemed to allow whatever was plugged in to fall out easily. Tried charging a phone overnight, only to find the plug had fall out before the phone had fully charged. We could watch the planes land and take off from McCarran Airport, only a little over a quarter mile east of our room, and surprisingly, we heard very little noise, generally.Spa massage was excellent. Poolside chaises could use a good scrubbing.You wouldn't visit the Paradise Cafe twice; my burger was served at room temperature, as were the fries. The buffet was $15 for breakfast, $16 for lunch, $20 for dinner, or $32 for an all day pass. Such frugal pricing resulted in a selection of dishes that was adequate, but nothing special. Prime rib at the carving station at dinner was well prepared and tasty; turkey breast was also well prepared and moist. I did appreciate the petite dessert sizes; despite unlimited access, I would rather enjoy two small tastings than only one big one.Staff seemed well trained, pleasant, and helpful. We booked our package through Expedia and wished we had selected some other hotel for our one week stay.
3	We Came to the here on our casino walk. We played a couple of slots and took quiet a few pictures of the world famous beam of light and was fairly impressed with how well themed the place was. No, I did not see Cris Angel.
3	I was expecting a little more from Luxor. Personally I feel the rooms are overpriced because it is a themed hotel, but the rooms (at least the ones in the tower) are lacking that theme. A picture in the bathroom and a few plastic pieces added to the entry light do not cut it. As others pointed out, there are many worn out parts to the decor. Would I stay there again? Only if I was given a killer deal.
3	For a strip hotel this was quite alright. Enjoyed the casino, well kept and clean. food in the hotel wasn't much variety to choose from and some of the staff was a little rude and didn't have to be a debbie downer. At eveningcall ( a liquor slushy place), my friend and I grabbed drinks. My friend made sure for them to put no extra shot in his cup. By the time he paid, 2 bucks ( honestly wasn't much ) was added on because of an extra shot. HERE was the unnecessary part, she didnt have to say " oh ummm im sorry ill just take it off. dont worry, I'll pay for it." but the tone was the irritated, 'wtf', tone. Not our fault you were talking about some celebrity with your co-worker and ignored your customers request. Kind of irritated our moment, but its VEGAS!!!!! gotta stay positive.....but kick it up a notch luxor.
1	We got a deal for $45 per night during a conference so we stayed here. There was also a $15 per night resort fee which said it covered in-room internet, the gym, etc. When it said in-room internet I just assumed it meant wireless. It doesn't. You pay $15 per night for wired internet (if you brought a cable and if you can find the plug...we couldn't). There is no wifi available at all in the rooms. None. So, the first day I camped in Starbucks all day and paid $9.99 for slow wifi. On the second day I discovered that if you sit in the Bazaar area, you can connect to the MGM or Mirage free wifi and get better signal that you can get from the service you have to pay for elsewhere in the hotel. The chairs are also more comfortable and the ladies that work at the snack shop there are really nice.Our room was in one of the towers and it looked like it hadn't been upgraded in ages. The door handles were all scuffed and scratched. For some reason you don't get a real comforter either. Just a sheet, a thin blanket and a "satin" cover. Saving on laundering costs I suppose?The walls are also very thin. We could hear everything going on in the rooms next door. Even just the flush of a toilet can be heard.The elevators are literally falling apart. Many buttons are missing and the control panel is exposed in many of them. I felt oh so safe.The housekeeping staff doesn't follow the "towels on the floor need to be replaced, those hanging don't" rule. I try to conserve water in hotels by not asking for new towels every day. I don't get them at home, why would I in  hotel? But they replaced them every day anyway. Not very "green."My final, and biggest, complaint is that the room keys are terrible. In 3 days I had to get 4 new keys because they stop working if you get them anywhere near a credit/debit card or a cell phone. I'm a girl, I keep everything in a purse. How am I supposed to keep the key away from everything in my purse? I tried by surrounding the room key with business cards but that didn't work.One night at 3 AM, I returned to my room and my key didn't work. I went to the front desk to get it fixed (again) and they said their system was down so they couldn't give me a new key. They told me to wait by the elevators for someone from housekeeping to let me in my room. I waited by the elevators and no one showed up. So I went back to the front desk and finally got a new key. When I got up to my room, the phone rang and it was housekeeping telling me that someone from the front desk was "looking for me" and then put me on hold. I hung up after waiting 30 seconds.I will never stay at this hotel again. I guess you really do get what you pay for.
3	I'd shied away from Luxor because of things (mostly bad) I'd heard on Yelp and other Vegas travel sites. Maybe that's why I didn't mind staying here - my bar had been set pretty low.All things considered, the Luxor scored well on many counts. The rooms were comfortable and clean, and the front desk put my friend and I in adjoining rooms without a peep. When it came time to check out, I waited in the line for...wait for it...a grand total of 30 seconds. Seriously, I've waited longer at Bellagio and Aria.If you're looking for a place to stay on the South end of the Strip, and you get a deal at Luxor (we got $85/nt, before resort tax, on a huge fight weekend that was also the weekend of 11/11/11), go ahead and give it a whirl. But be forewarned - you're unlikely to get much farther up the strip than NYNY unless you take a cab to get there.
3	This is the shit! looks like shit!!! oh yeah!!!
3	Being on either side of the Las Vegas "Strip" usually means being knocked into archaic or boring (think Sahara and Circus Circus). Luckily, Luxor still has enough class in it to make it relevant in this bustling town of new dreams and fading glories.DECO/DESIGN: 3 starsLike most of Vegas, this place isn't much to look at during the day. The crust of paved walkways and gawky Egyptian facades fill the day light. However, once the night settles in, all that is left is a pyramid etched from black glass, smooth and reflective of the calm before the storm. Indeed, with light escalated into the heavens, this is one of the most iconic attractions on the Strip.The interior is fairly impressive. At this time of the year, the second floor is mired with large quantities of construction and overhaul. The place should look impressive once again once they finish all the building. However, in the area that holds remnants of the Titanic, anatomical bodies, and "comedy" (does anyone find Carrot Top funny?), the place is still a sight to behold. A hotel that actually contorts to the shape of a pyramid? Still impressive to see from the inside.The bottom floor is where the casino lies and it is expansive. Although showing its age on the outskirts of the main floor, the place still buzzes with patrons. The music from various live bands play in swells in the background, and the lighting is never too harsh. However, the grand ancient sculptures at the entrance and obelisks all around the interior is a oxymoronic way of reminding you of both the theme, and the age of this casino & hotel.CLUB SCENE/PEOPLE: 4 starsWith the introduction and growing popularity of LAX (the nightclub), it's easy to see lots of eye candy fill this place once the night gets late enough. With beautiful people pouring out from the desert and into this pyramid, the place transitions from the older crowd/tourists in the morning-afternoon to young and restless at night.ROOMS: 2 starsAlthough the modern marvel that is Luxor is amazing to behold, the consequences are also obvious. The rooms are musky, never taking out the stench of smoke and use. They aren't as lavish as some of the newer hotels, and with each level being just over the busy casino floor, staying in the lower floors can definitely attribute to insomnia from noise.CONCLUSIONLuxor is one of those casinos that are better to meander through, and gamble for an hour, or to come to club. As far as staying as a hotel guest, it might be better to search for other options. The slots are loose compared to some of the higher end casinos (Palazzo, Venetian), but you quickly grow weary of the casino floor after an hour or two. Come here to play, but not to stay.
4	OK so i stayed in the pyramid spa suite. I have to say it was pretty nice. When we arrived very very clean. No issues with the room, or room service at all. Maid did not touch our luggage or personal belongings. She made the bed and cleaned the tub and left. She also left us extra towels and toiletries without us even asking. The service at the front desk was OK. no issues but nothing to brag about either. Very nice.The restaurants were good. We ate at tacos and tequila and it was very Delicious. We also ate at the buffet and the pyramid cafe. Both were about average. Nothing extravagant. Very fairly priced. We did eat at TENDER as well. A+ best steak Ive ever had, and sides were Delicious. For two of us to eat it was $200, but worth the price.The last day of our visit we got a massage at the Nuture Spa and Salon. The lady who worked the front counter was rude. She was not nice and did not make you feel welcome. Once back in the spa it was beautiful. The lady at that desk was so nice and very helpful!! She makes you feel very welcome. My massage was awesome. After I explored. They had a jacuzzi, steam rooms, shower, and a place to fix up your hair and makeup. They also have complimentary drinks and snacks with a TV and couch. Wish I spent more time there.Over all I would def stay here again.
1	*The rooms were overpriced for what they offered, if you take into account the resort fee of $15 daily (I recommend going elsewhere, after tacking on the fee)*$15 daily resort fee does not provide any extra amenities.  ---Free WIRED internet.  How about providing wireless (since a cable jack just doesn't fit w/my phone)?  And since there is very bad reception and signal in the room, wireless would have been nice.---Free local calls.  Cool.  I have a cell phone for a reason.  Granted, guess it came in handy b/c I had to stand by the slanted window to make calls and get internet signal.---Free use of gym.  BUT, it'll cost another $15 a day to use the steam room, etc.  The gym is pretty standard, so including it as an ammenity of the resort fee was ridiculous.*The bathroom light went out.  It took 12 hours to get it fixed. *There is no duvet on the beds.  Just two sheets and a thin blanket.  If you want additional blankets, call housekeeping (they were fairly quick).*LAX nightclub.  I wouldn't recommend it.  I decided to stop in after spending the night elsewhere, just to see what it looked like.  Save yourself 10 minutes and skip it.*Checking out was simple (used my phone and the Luxor app).  If something comes up, I'll update.
3	I'd give the rooms two stars and the rest of the place four stars -- so it's a pretty easy average.I went out in December to do some writing and spend time with my family. The writing part of that involved driving from the east coast. I drove from Florence, SC to Birmingham to Dallas to Albuquerque to Vegas and finished the trip in less than a week, to give you an idea of how tired I was when I arrived.I was totally dazzled by the hotel; it was my first time in Vegas. Parking was easy and ample. The people at the front desk made check-in quick and I was soon in my room. It was unimpressive. Other than looking out at Vegas (through the rain) and vague Egyptian details, I really could have been anywhere. The novelty of sleeping in a pyramid was neat. The rest was just okay.Once I talked to my now-husband and had a bite to eat, I passed out until 10pm. When I woke up, I cruised down and checked out the Casino and people watched a bit. It was neat. I wasn't dazzled by the Casino, but the vendors were funny and The Body exhibit was showing. Thing is, I'd already caught that (pretty great) exhibit in Albuquerque. Still, it was there.So it was neat. It was new. If I'd been to Vegas before I'd have been less amused. I only spent about $40 for the room during the holiday season, so I was pleased with the value. It was a short walk to everything and yeah, I'd stay over again.
3	didn't stay here but played some slots here.  I liked this place.  It was open and not too smokey which is a big plus for me. There was nothing memorable about this place, but sometimes that is okay.  Some times the memorable is a negative for me, and this place really did not have a negative as far as the casino was concerned.  I also like how the excalibur, luxor and mandalay bay are all connected, so you can travel quite a bit without stepping outside on days that the weather isn't quite being friendly.
2	Cheap but nothing special.
2	They have let this hotel fall apart. The Elevators are scary from all the shaking and squealing. The floors are dirty, the paint is peeling.  The room smelled like weed, and the cocktail waitress only serve the tables. Other than that, I loved the room and the staff was friendly.
2	I'm not even sure where to start.The guy at the front desk that checked us in could - seriously - NOT be more apathetic!  I had booked a room in the Pyramid, and without telling me, had "upgraded" us to the West Tower.  Why is "upgrade" in quotes?  Because while the room was definitely a little larger then the Pyramid, it was also 39273287329832872684 miles away from any of the exits to the Strip.  Also - I DIDN'T WANT AN UPGRADE!  I booked the Pyramid room for a reason!!!  ARGH!  But by the time I realized that he already put us in the West Tower, I was too tired (just got off 13hour flight from Taiwan to LAX, and drove 5 hours in LA traffic to get to Vegas at midnight) to argue.Then when I asked for directions to get to the West Tower, he just pointed at the map on the pad on the counter.  Um, yeah, STILL NO IDEA where the tower was.  UGH.Then I find out...the Luxor DOES NOT HAVE WIFI!  There are 3 Starbucks in this hotel...and NONE Of them have WiFi.  I'm sorry, is this 2005 or something?!?!?!  The apathetic check-in guy tells me that there are ethernet cables in the room...ummm...doesn't really help me if I have an iPad or an iPhone does it?!?!?!?!However, I will say - the rooms were definitely clean and nice. So I guess that's all that really matters.
2	Oh Luxor, what can I say about you? The only reason I'm giving you 2 stars is because valet was great. Other than that, yuck! Stayed here this past weekend for the first time in about 10 years. Wow...you've let yourself go. The rooms smell, the carpet is wrinkled, and every time I took a ride in one of your elevators I said a prayer to get out alive. Resort fees? You've gotta be joking! It's winter (not that I'd use your sketchy pool) and you don't even offer wi-fi. Who carries a cord in 2011? Basically, you're overpriced and run down. If you're going to stay here, you might as well stay next door at The Excalibur. It's closer to the strip and maybe nicer??? Ew. I can't believe I just typed that. Proceed with caution.
2	Not very central. Super dark, and I swear you can practically feel the smoke in the air.  I feel like other casinos do a better job with filtering the air.To be fair, I didn't stay here, just gambled.   Thus, this review is strictly for the casino.  I probably won't be back.
4	The Luxor hotel is a very nice hotel. Upon check in, I was upgraded to a tower suite and ENJOYED the room. The only thing I do not like is the very long walk to the east tower, going through all these hallways and turns. I walked so much just from the lobby to my room, that alone felt like a mile.Overall the hotel was very nice and just like others they have the pros and cons. Each person I am sure will have different reviews.
2	Stayed at the Luxor Pyramids the other month and not a fan from my experience. My group booked two suites to stay in for the few days we were venturing into Vegas. The BLEH & MEH:When my friend booked our rooms, the description said there would be two queen beds and a pullaway bed on the couch. LIES :( There were two full size beds and the couch definitely did not pull out... Also, the website and front desk made it seem as if the Tower suites only have king size beds. We found out later that there are indeed queen size beds in the Tower suites.. sigh..The casino was just meh to me. The dealers on the tables we played weren't very enthusiastic or anything. Thankfully, the Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay, either through the tram or the Shoppes at Mandalay. I definitely preferred the casino and dealers over there.Location-wise, it's located kind of far from the main strip where all of the popular clubs are. But we managed with taxis  and limos. OMG THE ELEVATORS ARE CRAY IF YOU STAY IN THE PYRAMID. THEY MOVE SLANTED UP AND DOWN! Be prepared for motion sickness by elevator motion. Definitely not good when you have a good buzz going on... merrrrThe YAY & OH HAY:24 Hour McDonalds IN the hotel?! CHECK! We definitely made several trips here at ungodly hours when we stayed here.Convenient tram to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur.Free self-parking and valet! Which is standard for most hotels I believe? But you just tip the valets so holllller. Cheap. Can't complain about the price honestly. That's it. Bye bye Luxor. We may or may not meet again. Probably the latter. :X
2	what a turd dome, the elevators are scary, they dont have wifi and i had such high hopes
3	The hotel here is aiight... just alright.  I've had better.The only reason we come here is for the LAX nighclub.
3	I still miss the Egyptian pyramid theme...when I first came here in 1999, this place was brand spanking new and the whole theme of this place was Egyptian and sphinxes and it was entirely in your face.  Now, this place has diversified into the standard Vegas casino with lounges, bars, Starbucks, and the lot.  The place isn't super big so it's easy to navigate around.  One thing I noticed was that they had West Tower and East Tower rooms in here and the signage at the bottom of the elevator nor the property map give any sort of information about the room number ranges.The parking here was pretty good. It's outdoors but not too far from a casino entrance.  The room itself was on the small side.  Our room literally was parked right over the Luxor/Excalibur walkway.  So every time we left the room for two days, we saw a picture of Carrot Top with his crotch aimed at our face!  Ugghhh...Gambling wise, Luxor is a nicer atmosphere than Excalibur with slightly higher limits.  You won't find a $5 BJ or roulette or a $10 Pai Gow table here usually.  Go to Excalibur for that.  Otherwise, it's a nice middle of the road option between Mandalay and Excalibur.
4	Why is the Luxor tan? I thought it was black? Did they cover it with a tan cloth or something? No, it was just the reflection of the desert sky or something at sunset. So weird! They next morning when I looked out the window, it was black again. Magic. We got a nice room especially for the price. If you come on a Sunday and stay through like a Saturday or something then you only pay for one expensive weekend night and get the better price weekday deals. This was a convenient place to stay on the far end of the strip and close to the Rock n Roll marathon. There is a walk way through to Mandalay Bay and then another one to Excaliber so you never have to put on a jacket in the winter time or go outside to get to the other hotels. Just remember that you're going to walk to just get out of the hotel so a walk down to the Bellagio, Venetian or even the Mirage can be several miles or more. I like the Pyramid. If you're coming out for the Rock n Roll marathon next year and it's still at night, plan on eating ahead of time... restaurants aren't open here after 11pm.
2	Ended up at the Luxor as part of an air & hotel package I purchased from Orbitz. I was seeing a show at Mandalay Bay, which I knew was right next to Luxor. The price was right so I booked it.Although Orbitz discloses that this hotel charges a $15 "resort fee" many hotels routinely waive such fees if asked. Particularly for short stays in which you are not using anything included in the fee. My trip was an overnight trip. I didn't have a laptop so didn't need Internet access, I didn't need access to the gym and like the rest of the free world, I have a cell phone and therefore did not need to make local or long-distance calls from the room phone. I explained this and asked quite politely for the fee to be waived. The manager refused. She said a full 80 percent--80 PERCENT-- of the patrons ask for it to be waived and they flat out won't do it. She also said it's the same at every MGM property. I made a mental note to remember that so that I wouldn't book at another MGM property or any hotel insisting on such a bogus fee. Then I saw my room.And I came to understand why they charge this fee-- I can only hope it's being squirreled away into a fund for COMPLETE room renovations. My room on the 2nd floor (in a section of the hotel with the nerve to be named "Pyramid Deluxe") was super shabby!There were lights out in my hallway and it was scary and dim. There was visible dirt on the comforters. No tub. The shower door was off the track, and the shower head itself was old and malfunctioning. The carpet was severely stained. The toiletries were generic off-brand. ALL of the towels, from face to bath, were dingy. Simply: It was gross.Then there's the TV. Poor cable signal and limited channels. And then of the channels that exist: No BET? No TV One? Seriously? There were several Spanish-speaking channels and an Asian-market channel. But for all the African-Americans I know who spend copious amounts of money in Las Vegas each year, the Luxor doesn't carry either major cable channel marketed to African-Americans? Duly noted.I had to wonder if Luxor set these old, cruddy rooms aside for people who they know got deals on Orbitz. I was there for a show, so I didn't even have time to ask for another room, and they probably would have been disinclined to offer one. Long story short: I wouldn't stay at the Luxor again, and I also would have to seriously think twice about reserving a hotel room through Orbitz--not because they did anything wrong, but because if this is how hotels treat Orbitz customers, it's not worth the discomfort to book through them.I live in Chicago. I already get nickeled and dimed to death. If I'm going to get nickeled and dimed in Vegas, it better come with a little razzle-dazzle, and they ain't got none at the Luxor.
3	I have always been a fan of the Luxor.  Stayed here many times in the past but it has been about 7 years since my last stay.  We were in town for the Las Vegas Marathon at the Mandalay Bay and the Luxor had the best price.Unfortunately, as others have said, the Luxor is starting to show its age.  They haven't done a good job keeping it up and the carpet is looking thrashed, the paneling was coming off in the elevators, and the rooms still have box TV's.  The bathrooms look like they had new tile put in, but it's looks cheaply done.  Although it hasn't reached the ghettoness of the Imperial Palace, but I swear a spit came flying off one of the upper balconies while I was sitting near the Titanic Exhibit.  That's just nasty.Other than that, the rooms are spacious for what you pay for and the beds are pretty comfortable.  If you are just looking for a crash pad, the Luxor will fit the bill.Oh, and one more thing, no coffee makers in the room.  So have fun waiting 15 minutes and paying $3.00 for a cup of coffee at one of the Starbucks in the Casino.
2	Pros:  Its cheap, and its the only pyramid shaped hotel in Vegas. The casino and other general areas of the hotel are well maintained, good location.Cons:  Rooms are dated and not very clean including the bathroom, furniture falling apart, hole in the wall, flickering lights, shower turns off for no reason, toilets that don't flush.  The elevators in the pyramid are nauseating.As I stated earlier, its cheap and you get what you pay for.  Not horrible, but I will not be back at least as an overnight guest.  You can find other bargains on the strip with better quality.
1	the room facility is so old. The bath sink was clogged. We asked for fix it in the early morning, but they didn't do anything after we went back room in the evening. Their manager said they left message in our room and waited for our response. I already gave them our cellar number, but they stupid waited for our call back from the room.They spent half of hour worked on it. Finally told me they couldn't fix it and asked us to go to front-desk to change room. Unfortunately we had to go to see the show after 2o min and asked they gave us the new room keys as soon as possible. They told us they were busy and we had to wait in the queue. Finally we missed the first 30 min of the show.
3	I've always wanted to stay at the Luxor just because it looks so cool.  The room was decent, and the view from the hallway into the casino was pretty cool.  I ate at the little sandwich shop in the corner, which was just okay and the buffet was pretty weak.The table games were a bit expensive (I know it's the strip, but the Luxor's seems a bit divey relative to all the newer places).  The sports book isn't too great either.  The seats aren't great and other than the three big televisions, all the screens are too small to really watch a game.Having said all this, it was pretty cheap and definitely better than the lower end places on the strip and anything downtown).
4	The Luxor is what it is, it may not be the pimped out hotel like the newer hotels but since they spruced up the rooms a bit and the rates are'nt that bad I dont mind staying there. Theonly real annoyance is the resort fees....15$ p/night is dumb for services that dont make a difference.
3	We started our weekend at the Luxor with a major negative. After checking in, we lugged all our suitcases and bags all the way through the Luxor, up the elevator and then nearly all the way around the pyramid only to find out that our assigned room already belonged to someone. There were clothes strewn about the room and everything! Major fail!However, upon learning about their error, the hotel staff upgraded us to a suite without further question. The suite was great. We had a jacuzzi tub in our room and an extra living room, which gave us the much needed space to spread out our stuff. The room was clean and comfortable and even had a mini fridge.One downside we quickly found about staying at the Luxor is the elevator system. Elevators are located at each of the points of the pyramid base but only go to a specific group of floors, often leading to a lot of extra walking. The elevators are also shaky, not sure if this is caused by age of the angle that the elevators travel at as it climbs the side of the pyramid.The location at the end of The Strip also makes it difficult to get around. Next time I'll prefer to stay somewhere more central. But at least now I can say that I've satisfied my 10-year-old curiosity of what it would be like to stay in the giant pyramid.
3	I have stayed here several times. It is located on the south end of the strip. It has an egyptian theme. The check-in process is very painful. It takes forever. front desk was friendly and switched us to an upgraded room for our anniversary. The rooms are ok. We stayed in the towers and pyramid rooms. I liked the pyramid rooms much better. The rooms are clean and decorated pretty neutral. The casino is ok, nothing special. The dealers are pretty stoic, not real friendly. There are plenty of restaurants to choose from. None that really stand out in my mind. You can sometimes get a good deal on rooms. This place is nothing special and the location makes it a real pain.
3	Casino is nice. Restaurants are insanely overpriced, so we just didn't eat there. Rooms are older, but clean. The elevators are awful, don't forget anything in a room, because a "quick trip" to the room isn't going to happen.   On a good note, the staff is very friendly and the express check out is awesome, it took about 30 seconds to check out.
2	Well, the nicest thing I guess I can say about the Luxor is that their bathroom was clean.  I just absolutely refuse to use the bathroom at the Excalibur so we made the extra walk, (just barely) and made it to the Luxor.I did notice that their light that shines into the night sky is barely a fraction of what it used to be.  Hardly a landmark hotel anymore I guess.
4	I actually enjoyed my stay at the Luxor. The staff was very courteous and attentive. I didn't like the layout of the hotel which I only became familiar with towards the end of my stay. EVERYTHING is expensive, but hey you visit Vegas knowing you will spend a lot if you plan on seeing any shows. Oh and for all of the bars that are open you would think there would be more restaurants open, but NOPE. You have to pick between McDonald's or drinking another shot to put you asleep. It's pretty sad... ANYWAYS I digress, this review is about my experience with the Luxor and not Vegas as a whole. It's clean, safe and fun. I loved how they stayed true to their theme unlike some other hotels. Sadly I'll never be going back to Vegas, but if I did in another lifetime I wouldn't mind staying here again.
3	This hotel was ok. Nothing tremendously special, but not skeevy and gross, either.I try to stay at a different hotel every time I visit Las Vegas, and so when the opportunity came up to stay here at a super huge discount, I was totally on board.This is for our room that we had in one of the towers. I think I would rather have stayed in the pyramid itself, but a room is a room, and I can't imagine the experience would have been all that different.Check in: took way longer than necessary. We got player club cards after the guy at the desk erroneously told us that our current ones expired after a year (not true. the cards never expire, however the points do!). We trundle over to the back corner and find the elevators. They are decorated to look like walls of an Egyptian ruins. Loved the little details. The room itself? Nothing special. Two boring double beds in a room that had some cheap, mass produced Egyptian-themed prints and framed art. The bathroom had a separate shower & bath, and a fairly well-lit mirror. However, I hate when the vanity/sink area is in the same room as the toilet & shower. It seems like such a small thing, but it makes such a huge difference if you're splitting a room. Wifi? Get real. They charge you a $16/day "resort fee" which includes internet, but they can't seem to do any better than to supply a long, ridiculous ethernet cord coming out from the armoire. Seriously? Is it still 2003?All in all, it's an ok hotel, but only ok. I think the location at the end of the strip is a bit detrimental if you prefer to walk around all day like I do, and there really isn't anything truly exceptional about the hotel to win out over more centrally located casino/hotels. I wouldn't die if I had to stay here again, but I would probably prefer to stay somewhere that had more convenience and/or nicer rooms.
3	I have mixed feelings about this hotel. I like it because it's not a complete dump, you don't have to leave the hotel to party at a decent club, the casino is fun, and there are plenty of restaurants to choose from. I don't like that its at the end of the strip and the hotel rooms need some updating. It's not my first choice when staying in Las Vegas but definitely not my last choice.
4	My BF and I stayed here for the first time on our recent trip this past August; and after reading some of the reviews, I was kind of worried about our trip ~ you know what they say: "Happy Faye, happy stay!!". Or maybe it's just me that says it.  Luckily, we had a really good stay the week we were there!Our flight arrived at about 12:30 in the morning, so we were very tired and cranky when we got to the hotel.  The line to check in wasn't very long, but it moved so slowly - which made us more unhappy the longer we waited.  When it was finally our turn, the lady who was helping us was surprisingly friendly and upbeat!  We were even upgraded from their Pyramid Room to a "Player Deluxe Room"...for free!  Even though, my BF was really looking forward to riding in their pyramid elevator (or whatever they call it) - I knew that the upgraded room would be much better!!It was a bit of a journey to get to our room, but well worth it!  Our room was nice and spacious, with modern furniture - we even had a mini-fridge and coffee maker!  OMG there was also a separate shower and jet tub (perfect for soaking in after a long day of walking around and being a tourist!).The staff we interacted with were all very friendly - from housekeeping to bartenders, waitresses, table dealers, and restaurant staff!I also liked that both the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay are connected to the hotel by enclosed walkways, especially since we were there in hot hot August!  But we also used the walkways a lot - to get to the shops at Mandalay Place, the Shark Reef & STRIPSTEAK at Mandalay Bay and also from the Luxor to the Excalibur to get to the New York New York Hotel & Casino!Even though the hotel is located at the far end of the strip, I really enjoyed our stay here and wouldn't mind staying again - as long as we get another free upgrade!
1	Nice rooms but I'd only return I'd there was a coffee maker in the room. If the want you to get up and gamble they shouldn't make guests wait in the 40 + people long line at either Starbucks for overpriced drip !
2	Many moons ago when I was but a young lass with money to burn my girlfriends and I would often jump in the car for a last minute trip to Las Vegas. Our hotel of choice? Well the Luxor of course. This was a decade ago and sorry Luxor but the shine on your pyramid has well, gone the way of the ancient Pharaohs.We chose Luxor because it is connected to Mandalay Bay via a closed walkway and a Tram and we were taking our kiddo to see the Lion King. It was cheap for a Saturday night. With that stated, I will still chose to stay at Southpoint next time and make the drive. First thing that ticked me off: The ultra pushy timeshare salesman they allow to harass you as soon as you walk into the door with their "free coupon book." It is even worse as they appear to be legit employees of the hotel. The man who accosted me gave me a very dirty look when I told him we were only there for one night and to go bother someone else. Second point of error: Rude desk staff who made me push them to receive a room higher than the second floor. How incredible that within a two minute period they went from having no higher level floors to suddenly having them when I asked to speak to the front desk manager. Lastly room quality: There was a very clear toothpaste spit mark in our sink which sorta grossed me out and made me do the bed sheet check to make sure there were no stray hairs underneath the covers. They were clean but the sheets were thread bare and there was an actual hole in one of my pillowcases. The television was an ancient 19 inch embarrassment and there were light brown stains on the lampshades which prompted both me and my better half to yell at our daughter to not touch it. When we attempting to turn on the fan in the room, a clacking sound ensued. Oh well.Since this hotel room basically served its purpose of providing a clean bed and a hotel shower for my family and for location alone I will magnanimously award it two stars. However, I would not stay there again. Period.
2	The pluses:  We stayed in the Pyramid and the rooms were ok, as far as cleanliness and beds and view go.  The hotel was the least smoky hotel I've ever stayed in in Vegas.  It wasn't very crowded.   Minuses:  hotel check-in girl was rude.  We had to come back after not being able to find how to get to the elevator to get to our room.  We were surprised by a "resort fee" which was crap.  We never got the newspaper they said we would get.  The heater in the room didn't work and it was very smoky despite being the least smoky place!  Main floor is confusing as all get out.  The tv remote didn't work correctly and the tv picture was crap and the buttons didn't work.  DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE eat at the buffet.  It was the PITS.  The Paradise Cafe was better but expensive for diner food.   We were told they had wireless internet, but discovering in the room that they didn't.. called the front desk, said there was a cable to use.  We couldn't find it so they said they would send someone with a new cable.. and they never came.  This place blows and I won't stay here again.
5	I got a free upgrade to a suite :) .... But no wireless ... The rest ... well It was nice :)
3	The view from the tile floor is very nice.  When you barf in the lobby, you gain a new perspective!  A grand entrance upon check-in no less!   Mind you --- not from alcohol, it was food poisoning during the drive from LA to Vegas!  Yuck!  PS.  Thank you to the housekeeping staff!LOBBY -- Line was long at check-in, but lots of hotel agents...15 or so...so the line moved nicely.  The lobby gives good central access to the casino, restaurants, bars, gift shops, and a Starbucks.MY ROOM -- Nice decor, egyptian themed, clean, and very comfortable.  Flat-screen TV, and lots of pillows.  The resort fee is a very moderate $15/night.  This will get you the wifi included in your room.  One note, no wireless as of 12/18/2011!  Really?  I had to plug my laptop into a short CAT5 cable...no good.  While I can appreciate AC/DC's "Back In Black" or Def Leppard's "Pour Some Sugar on Me", it was Neil Diamond's "Coming to America" that kept me from sleeping.  The music blasts from the lobby and thru the casino, and with the way the rooms are situated, the room's door faces the lobby.  Turn it down, Man!  I'm trying to get some sleep!RESTAURANTS/FOOD CHOICES--- Pyramid Cafe - a decent little spot.  A good alternative to the buffet.  Really nice service.--- More Buffet - Eh.  A huge place in the basement floor, with 2-4x duplicated items, so the selection is one of the least of any buffets.  More is less!--- T&T (Tacos & Tequila) Cantina - By far, this is the coolest and best experience offered here.  I didn't get a chance to eat here, and feel like I missed out.  Next time in Vegas, it's on my list to dine at.  Not only beautifully designed, but they had one of the best mariachi bands I've ever heard.--- Backstage Deli - Didn't have the opportunity to eat here, but I was very surprised at the ridiculously inexpensively priced menu.  Great for a budget! --- Tender Steakhouse - Didn't try this place, but it has absolutely no energy.  Not busy at all, even on a Friday or Saturday night.--- Blizz - great self-serve/weigh frozen yogurt place.  They also have crepes, both breakfast types and savory -- and it looked great.  Super cute and nice girls.BARS--- Liquidity, a new bar that opened within the last couple of years, was nearly empty on both Friday and Saturday night.  I believe something wasn't working with the normally cool wall-of-water backdrop on the bar.  It wasn't fully lit, and boring compared to when I first saw it during it's opening 2 years back.--- Aurora, is connected and opens to the lobby.  Eh.  Nothing special.CLUBS--- LAX -- Apparently this is 95% of why people come to the hotel that aren't already guests.  The place, the line-up, the buzzing amount of 20-somethings was quite crazy.  I didn't go, but it seemed nutty to get in.--- Cathouse, looked very cool, an ultra-seductive lounge.  Didn't go in, but I think this may be worthy to check out. SHOWS/EXHIBITS--- Criss Angel Believe - Saw this show about 2 years ago.  Then, it started off very slow for the first 30 mins, and then took off and was off-the-hook.  Totally recommend.--- Bodies, is disgusting, but very worthy if you can stomach it.  After, you will become a vegetarian.  Does it also have to share a wall with the T&T mexican cantina?VALET/OTHER -- Stay away from the valet, including check-in, at 6pm-ish, and expect a long wait from 10p-12p.  It's near impossible for the process to take less than 30 mins.  For pickup, they use an automated ticket system...and it's pretty efficient.SUMMARY -- I think you have to get a real good deal to stay here and be okay with it.  Personally, I would chose somewhere else to stay if at all possible.
1	WOW my experience was awful!!!We booked our ticket through Luxor website and reserved a room with 2 queens in it, non smoking! My wife has asthma and is allergic to cigarette smoke. We get to the front desk and are told that they gave our room away and only have smoking rooms left. Yea thats not going to work. They promised us that the smoking room does not smell like smoke so we decided to go up and check it out. The room is all the way on the other side of the hotel. We make the walk and go upstairs and of course the room STINKS of cigarette smoke!Exhausted I make the trek downstairs and around the casino to make it to the front desk. After A LOT of negotiating the front desk begrudgingly gives us the spa suite. We head over there and are looking forward to finally beginning our night in Vegas. The room was extremely disappointing, furniture was broken and the jacuzzi was stained and dirty. We hang out the night and gamble away $4500 but hey its Vegas you are supposed to gamble and have fun. Somehow though the player card did not register our time spent at the table and when I went to the players card desk I was told I had less than a dollar in it. The next morning we wake up and what do you know... The shower does not heat up, its cold water only!!!!! I don't want to bore the fellow yelpers with more stories of the awful breakfast buffet or total rudeness of the hotel staff. So I will end my review with advising all my yelp friends... STAY AWAY FROM THE LUXOR!!!Oh one final note, after relaying our issues to the front desk they decided the best way to compensate us was to waive the resort fee. Thank you for $16 dollars, that really made up for the horrendous experience!! (sarcasm for those who can't pick up on it)
4	Very Cool! The price was the best part! Military Discount was a plus! It wasn't smokey at all in the rooms and not so much in the casino either.  The staff was really nice and the express check out made it easy.  I love the Titanic Expedition! It was amazing and it is breath taking.  I also got a chance to view the Fantasy show (which also has a military discount of 50% of) So Entertaining and even has a surprise guest ;) I would recommend it for the ladies and males.  We also had the best view of the city and strip from the side we were located on.  The elevator is a litlle scary you have to get used to sliding to the right/left first and then it slants but its neat.  Overall, for the price and exotic atmosphere It was a great stay! Their Room service was quick and good as well.  I ordered: The Club sandwhich with Fries for about 20.00 bucks it was the best 20.00 I spent that night  ;)
4	The room is pretty nice and clean - can't find anything wrong with it. Love the architecture as well.
2	Awful experience........it only had 2 1/2 stars for a reason people nuff said!
1	Horrible. The place reeks of smoke. The management at check-in and out do not care about their customers. They were rude and degrading to the point of being insulting. Resort fee is hidden and not worth it.
3	While my party and I didn't actually stay at Luxor, we still felt that it being a bit of a landmark, so-to-speak, we couldn't miss out on it. While the outside of this place is cool and mysterious with the beam of white light shooting towards the heavens and the sphinx out front looking stoic and wise, the inside seemed a bit.. I don't know.. kind of lackluster. Kind of a let down from what you see on the outside to walk in and there be just a bunch of empty space. But, we gambled here for about an hour, had a couple of drinks at the bar, and we did enjoy our time here. There are Egytian themed accents all throughout the casino and surrounding attractions, however, I think they could have done A LOT more with all that space. Maybe add more casino space or more hotel rooms? I don't know, but it seemed like all that open air space above the casino ceiling would just be a waste of energy. All in all, from a visitors point of view, Luxor is a cool place to gawk at from the outside, and good spot to gamble at for about an hour, but based on the reviews I've seen, not the best decision for an actual hotel stay.
4	We stayed at the Luxor for 5 days, 4 nights in December. While reading other reviews I was a tad worried that our rooms would be awful.  Other then that I had no major worries. Check-in process was insane. There were so many people trying to check-in and out that you could not tell which line went where. Also there were many Luxor employees "hanging" around the registration area that did nothing to let guest know where to go. Once we found the line it was not that bad of a wait because they opened up more check-in stations.We were in the Pyramid and were told how to get to our room which was pretty easy. My only complaint was that it was on the other side of the casino but that is nothing major. I was pleasantly surprised when I entered our room to see modern and updated furniture as well as a brand new TV. My only concern with where the room was that we would hear a lot of noise from the casino below but we heard nothing our entire stay.As for the casino it is just like all the others I have ever been too. My biggest complaint of all the casino is Vegas are that they allow smoking which is disgusting and make it unbearable to gamble in the evenings. During the day and early afternoon I was fine but once the early evening and late night hit I could not stand to be anywhere near a casino.Food was rather lacking in my opinion but they do offer an array of fast food and casual dining plus two Starbucks. It was not that big of a deal to us because we went to Mandalay Bay and New York, New York for dinner the entire trip and that was connected by walkways. I just wish they had a few more options for breakfast other then Mcdonalds, Starbucks, and the Pyramid Cafe.There were about three shops in the Luxor so just go next door to Mandalay or down to City Center or Planet Hollywood to get your shopping fix. As for entertainment the Luxor has Criss Angel's Believe, Carrot Top, Fantasy, and Menopause the Musical. We saw Criss Angel and I was not impressed. Compared to the other hotels on the strip Luxor needs to think about getting some more or different shows. We did not try any of the bars or lounges at Luxor as we went elsewhere since most were closed on Monday and Tuesdays.Check-out was a breeze since we put the daily resort fee on a credit card. We just used the express check-out located by the bank of elevators or the main desk to return our keys which avoided the long check-out line.Overall this was a great hotel and even better deal for six people. I would not hesitate to stay again.
3	DO NOT STAY IN PYRAMID!!!  The rooms are disgusting compared to the tower rooms.Upon arrival we checked in rather painlessly (it was a bit hectic w/ tons of people but there were many employees checking people in so it went quickly)  Once we got to our room in the pyramid we found it had 2 queen beds when we reserved 1 king. The room was also extremely dark & dingy even w/ all the lights on and very musty. The television was probably made in 1980 and the remote didn't even work.  We called the front desk and let them know the error of the 2 queens vs. 1 king and they offered us a room in the tower which we gladly accepted.  A few minutes later a rude employee showed up at our room to show us to our new tower room.  On the walk there, he was practically running and my husband and I struggled to keep up w/ him and our bags without breaking into a jog.  Once we got to the new room we took our bags and said "thanks".  The guy stood there expecting us to TIP him for showing us to our new room which was THEIR mistake!! I was appalled! If anything, he should've apologized again on behalf of the Luxor for the room mix up but instead he stood there like an idiot expecting us to give him money.  What a joke.  When we said "thanks have a good night" again he stormed out of there muttering loud enough for us to hear him.  What a douche of an employee...he must not realize he represents well-known resort in Las Vegas.  Anyways, our stay after that was fine and we didn't have any more issues.  The tower room was lavish compared to the pyramid room. Huge flat screen TV, bright lighting, new furniture. It was night/day difference from our first room. The pool was ridiculously crowded at all times of the day.  There were almost NO lawn chairs available, mostly because they had 1/2 of the pool closed off for no apparent reason.  If the other 1/2 had been open, i don't think it would've been too crowded.  To many lifeguards must've called in sick to work.
1	My fellow Yelpers...DO NOT STAY AT THE LUXOR...I repeat DO NOT STAY AT THE LUXOR...The is one of WORST Hotel stays I have ever encounter. First, off the front desk was not friendly at all rushed us into the so call "bargain" upgrade room I received before arriving.  Unfortunately, it was the beginning of a nightmare stay. The jacuzzi had "PUBIC HAIRS" in it, the bathroom fan did not work and the door did not work when you tried to get in your room.  When I called to complain they only were going to come up and clean the jacuzzi. I told them that was not acceptable after getting a visual of that HAIR!!Then I spoke to Management then they upgraded us again which was okay just more space.  But my experience in this upgrade was awful as well....housekeeping never bother to clean our room for 2 days. Not to mention the SMOKE that came into the room all day.The only thing the Hotel thought they would do for us is refund $35 upgrade forget about the running around and cleaniness of room.PLEASE DON'T STAY AT THE LUXOR YOU WILL REGRET IT!!
4	It was perfectly fine. 3rd hotel I have tried in Vegas.  The room was tidy but you would want to use rubber gloves to handle the dust covers on the bed. Must have been a guy who had the room before us...Beds were soft and cushy! We checked in 3 hours earlier than we were supposed to and they had no problem with it even though most hotels were booked solid (close to new years). Checking out was fine as well.  Only annoying thing was trying to book a rollaway bed for a friend who was staying in my room.  Asked during check in, and called 3 different times to confirm it was being brought up. They kept transferring me to different people and claiming it wasnt on my reservation. The casino was the cheapest in the area and we tried a few! The buffet was crap but very cheap if you paid for an all you can eat all day pass for 30 bucks. You also had access to the Excalibur buffet with this deal so we tried both.  Food is food, we cared more about the quality of our drinks! Not a lot to do inside the hotel other than A female review, Carrot Top, and Criss Angel. We went over the Excalibur and MGM for shows, which were just across the street. The taco restaurant was yummy and I really want to try Dick's Last Resort if I ever find one again. All in all, I had a good stay at the Luxor and would recommend it!
2	It pains me to write this review, this experience was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. First off, if you book through expedia, you can't have your spouse check in for you. It has to be the person listed on the expedia order. Unfortunately, what that meant for me was checking in at 11:45pm, instead of 4pm with all of our luggage after working a wedding for 10 hours. Second, the check in line wait was dreadful. We asked for a non-smoking room, which was pretty far from the registration desk. Upon getting closer, there was a couple in front our room hanging on the floor of the hallway. Our room was below average and smelled like smoke. It didn't help that the next door neighbors sounded like there were 20 people in there. Too noisy so we asked to be moved to a quiet room.The staff was helpful in changing the room and the new one was decent looking and smelled MUCH better.The room service was good and our server was friendly.I love everything having to do with Egypt and pyramids, just not this place.
1	I have stayed in just about every hotel in Vegas and this by far was the worst and I stayed in some pretty nasty hotels around the outskirts of Vegas when I was younger. Coming in from a late night out at the clubs all you want to do is get some sleep, however Luxor makes it impossible to do so when you are presented with a room that looked liked someone got MURDERED in it! When I pulled up my covers to get some much needed sleep I was presented with a few blood stains on the sheets themseleves. Apoun further inspection there was blood on the carpet as well. Even if the hotel did change their unclean sheets there was enough blood on the bed to soak thru the sheets itself. It was extrememly disgusting and violates a bunch of health and saftey standards! After risking potentially caughting an STD  or some other sercious diease when getting my car from valet they put very noticiable dents in my car and refuses to pay or claim any liability for damages when car never left valet hands!
2	Wow, so my booking at the Luxor was a real last minute move.  Booked my room via MLife dept, and no complaints...the rates were great considering it was a few days before the New Year...$39 and $43, respectively, for two nights.Check In...up to the RoomThere wasn't a huge line for check-in, although when I was called up next, the check in agent couldn't have been more rude, and stuck up.  A real dick....he didn't even confirm with me what type of room I'd be staying in, but I didn't say anything because I wanted to test his customer service skills. He told me that I'd be staying in the LAST non-smoking room in the entire resort, which I thought, that's completely bull!  So grabbed the keys, and off to the room, and WTF, the room wasn't even clean at all. Towels all over the floor, empty coffee cups laying around, pillows on the floor....ummm, say what?! I called front desk right away from the room, and demanded that they give me a different room, and that I wouldn't be willing to come down to the check in desk.  They assigned me to a different room, and when i arrived at my new room, the key wouldn't work.  Again, I complained heavily, and said that this was unacceptable.  They sent some guy with the new keys, and he wouldn't be apologetic on behalf of the hotel. I told him, "Wait, don't leave til my keys work."  He tried to run off, and i told him, "Don't you see that this is terrible service?"  His response, "I'm just doing what my supervisor told me to do."  I thought in my mind, "You're a real loser."Ok, so they gave me a new room--much better...clean as expected, and double beds.Since my friend and I weren't in the room most of the time, didn't really care much for the room, since we got the room to sleep, and shower.Overall, my biggest gripe about this hotel, is with its horrible service.  Don't ever want to stay here again. Not worth my money.  $20 to $30 more, and stay at the Mirage.
1	If I could rate this hotel as 1/2 a star, I would. I was looking to find a decent hotel to spend a summer weekend in Vegas with my boyfriend. Sure, Luxor had a great budget-friendly rate to offer for a weekend stay. That may have been the problem; you get what you pay for. Upon arrival, the concierge didn't even confirm the type of room I had requested. Instead, he just gave me a standard room when I clearly requested an upgrade as part of my MLife rewards. I decided not to ruin my trip over that "small" matter. That became the least of my worries as the weekend progressed. On the first night, I noticed an awful smell coming from the A/C vent, and realized that it was leaking and the water was being absorbed in the carpet leaving a humid smell. I called guest services and they assured me that someone would take care of the problem in the next hour. After waiting an hour, my boyfriend and I decided to leave so we could make it to our dinner reservation, and I called guest services to let them know.After a long night out, we returned only to find that nothing had been taken care of. I was soo upset at this point and called for the third time!  The representative told me they couldn't switch rooms and that instead, he could give me a 20% discount for the inconvenience. I decided that if they took care of it by the next day, it wouldn't be a problem. Day 2 came along and still, the A/C was leaking. I talked to a representative in person, and they offered me yet another discount. Why can't these people just move our room and fix the damn leak?!Finally, we checked out on the 3rd day and made it safely back home to San Diego. Upon our return, we noticed that my boyfriends 2 pairs of shoes were missing! We had a bellman pick up our things when we had checked out and they had lost the bag of shoes, about $150 value for both pairs. I was sooo furious, and this time, I called and asked for the Manager of VIP sales. After making a big fuss, he decided to waive our 1 night stay since he couldn't find the bag. All in all, it was a horrible experience, to say the least. Customer service should be priority, and for a Las Vegas Strip hotel, Luxor is not worth a dime! Spend your money elsewhere and save yourself the hassle of dealing with incompetent and unprofessional hotel staff.
3	The pyramid building is cool. The rooms are okay - not big, not too small. I don't have anything to complain about, even though the alarm went off in the middle of the night. Nothing wowed me in the hotel, either. It's just A-OK.
4	I stayed here in march with a couple buddy's, it was our first time in Vegas and we thought the pyramid would be cool to stay at.  None of us had ever been in a hotel this big before, it is huge.   Check in was a breeze, the elevators feel a little weird but not that noticeable to me at least.  We had a basic room in the pyramid, and we were all very pleased with it.  It was very clean, a little outdated ours had an old tv and a cable for Internet.  The room was also a little dark no big deal though we only used it to sleep.   The hotel itself I thought was nice, does have a funny smell, but you get used to it.  Casino was very big, and we all won some money on the slots here.  The only bar we visited was Liquidity in the middle of the casino and got great drinks/service there.  The only place we ate here was the buffet, which we all thought wasn't very good for the price, I'd only eat there again if it were free.   If you are new to Vegas and want a low price place to stay that is pretty nice I'd recommend this hotel it was a neat experience.
2	Kind of creepy walking around the halls at night because it's dark and you just get this eerie feeling. Plus the halls kind of wrap around the center of the pyramid and there's nothing really pleasant to look at at the bottom of it all. I don't know how to explain it better and I wish I still had the picture I took... Anyway, I didn't stay here but I visited my friend's room and it's definitely NOT one of the nicer places to stay on the strip. I'm sure the price reflects it though, right?? Oh well, not like you spend much time in there so I guess it doesn't matter TOO much. But eh you're in Vegas might as well splurge for a nicer place
1	Never gonna stay here again. Clogged sink for 3 days, clogged shower, sent people to fix  twice but nothing fixed, didn't up or exchange room,won't even compensate refund or anything!! And horrible service and attitude at front desk. All they did was refund the resort taxes... If I paid $170 for two nights stay I expect to be able to use shower and sink. WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE IN VEGAS. and on Christmas weekend too ~!!!
1	I had been really excited to stay at the Luxor. I specifically requested a room in the Pyramid. As soon as we arrived the concierge service was rude and took forever, I also couldn't get past her enthusiasm for Obama with her "flair" of him all over her clothes, okay we get it sheesh. We had already ordered the room but now it wasn't available so we had to take another room. We still got a room in the pyramid, so we found the correct elevator and started our journey to our room. The elevators need a serious upgrade. I understand how the elevators work and I also understand they can be alittle jarring but the fact that they are very noisy, paints chipping, sign holders and mirrors are broken and not replaced and it sounds like your in a gold metal box that seems like its going to fall apart doesn't make you feel very confident. When we arrived to our room it was dark and smelled sort of musty. Not to sound cliche but the decor is very tired and very used. The beds were okay, the television was poor and the plumbing in the bathroom was terrible. Our shower filled with water after being in it for 2 minutes! The bathroom door had horrible water damage on it (wonder why). Anyway I wouldn't stay in this hotel if you paid me! Terrible service, over priced for what you get. I think I'd have a better stay in the REAL Pyramid.
1	Can't stand this place.  We show up after a long day, around 10pm and drive around the lot looking for a place to park - could not find anything, and that has never happened to me before in Vegas, most hotels have enough parking.  So we decide to valet since we are tired and no one seems to be leaving.  The valet walks up to us and tells us, "I have bad news, valet is full."  I told him we were staying at the hotel and he said "park at Mandalay Bay."  I was pissed, I'm supposed to hike up from some other hotel with my luggage when I paid to stay at Luxor!  We decided to try the garage one more time and stalked someone who was leaving and got their space.  Apparently they let the people going to their nightclub take all the parking, not paying guests.After about 45 minutes of looking for parking, we go to check in.  It's late so there is only 1 person at the desk, but as we stand there, the line just grows and grows, and they finally bring someone else up to help after we were standing there for 30 minutes and a person behind me started to loudly complain.  Finally get into the room and at that point I did not care what it looked like, only if it was clean.  What makes me mad about all this is I contacted them about the issue with parking and the lobby and never received a response.  I didn't want anything from them except an apology and they could not even bother with that.  I will never stay there again!
1	Pretty much the pits!  Everything is old, broken and smelly.  STAY AWAY!
2	Stayed here a couple of years ago, for 1 night. I just have to comment....it was so disappointing. Another priceline bid/deal gone wrong. Hell.
3	The transition to the "Sin City" theme this casino hotel has gone through over the years has definitely been for the better. However:- I tried to check in around 9am because I was there early, and for the first time ever was told there was an "early check-in fee"- There is also the disingenuous, mandatory "resort fee" added to every bill- Which was also irritating because it said that included the Internet, but there was no wireless Internet, only a cable/wired connection, and of course it didn't work in my room- The "down" button for the elevator didn't work for my entire visit (there was another one, but just another symptom of general under-maintenance) Other than that it was ok, and the parking is pretty good, and generally you can get a pretty good rate here for a pretty decent room. The connected walkway to Mandalay Bay is a plus as well.
2	I went here over a decade ago and had fond memories of it. Since then, it's turned into a dump. On top of the fact the place is not very well maintained, you can't walk across the lobby without getting bombarded by the staff to purchase show tickets. If you are planning a trip to Vegas, do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere (ideally, the Aria).
4	I noticed a lot of people were saying it took forever to check-in. My boyfriend and I got there around 2pm on a Friday and it was crowded...we checked in 30min or less! We didn't stay in the pyramid, we stayed in the tower. I would say the tower suites aren't worth the price! We realized we should have just stayed in a regular room. Overall, we enjoyed our stay there...would stay there again!
5	Room wasn't ready when we came but can't blame them for that it's a busy hotel, check-in in august looks like ques at the airport, so they gave us another one. We stayed at Tower Luxury Suite and enjoyed it!
4	Our first time in Vegas, April of 2011. Best flight and hotel combo deal is why we chose the Luxor. What better way is there to gain an authentic experience by staying in the Pyramid? The angled exterior wall added to the quirky lure that is LV. Our room was clean, and the amenities nice. Check in was quick and easy, we arrived on a Thursday afternoon and departed on Sunday evening. I am not familiar with the peak days or times, but there was no line for check in, and check out was pretty busy yet efficient and problem free. They even checked our baggage for free for the few hours between check out and our flight later that evening so we could go and shop, gamble, eat, and log in a few more Elvis sightings. The staff at the desk very friendly, and helpful.   The pool area is very clean and lovely - seating was a commodity so go stake your claim before lunch! Bar waitresses regularly checked in on everyone.   Buffet was amazing, and good! Not like Bob's Big Boy food. I tried a little bit of everything of course, and was not disappointed by any of it!Having wandered through many of the other hotel's gaming floors, I have to say I liked the Lux's the best! It was not as bright and flashy as the others - it was just as busy, but still felt more intimate and less distracting overall. Being just close enough to the action to walk everywhere, but not right in the middle of the chaos that is "The Strip" was a definite plus! I highly recommend this as a first timer's stay to get your feet wet, and for the return tripper as well. Be prepared, yes there is a resort fee added when you get there, but that is standard when one books hotels at online bargain sites - they don't add that to your total price, and it is called Occupancy Fee at other places. I have found this staying around Pittsburgh, Roswell, NJ, etc. Don't fault the hotel(s) for that.Car rental was easy at the desk also.We had internet in our room, but it was plug in only - across the room from the desk. Wierd. Hope they update this! Free WiFi for hotel guests would get 5 stars from me!
2	The hotel is a dump.  My friends and I booked a room for 20 dollars and were excited to see how the pyramid layout would work.  Totally overrated. Upon entering the room, we saw a Cheetoh's hand print on the wall- must have been a wild party night.   The window tint (along their pyramid angled wall) was keyed up.   I guess the previous patrons didn't factor in losing when they booked their room.   The only redeeming factor about this Casino is their craps and blackjack game. The dealers are ultranice.  LAX is pretty overrated unless you have table service.4 stars for their entertainment, and no stars for their rooms = 2 stars.
2	Stayed here for my bachelorette party. I didn't pay for it so that probably helps a little bit with the rating.  I knew this wasn't going to be a great hotel or anything but I was still a little excited to stay there just because it's so random and funny to stay in a pyramid shaped hotel.  Well, the elevators are weird and not in a fun way.  For some reason, I thought they would be glass so you could see out.  Not the case.  They move upwards at a diagonal angle which is unsettling when you're sober and nausea inducing when you're drunk.  Our room was ok.  Nothing to write home about but no problems either.  The windows and slant of the room make it seem much smaller than it probably is.  Check in was easy and quick.  Tacos N Tequila restaurant had good guacamole and a bachelor party there bought us Patron shots.  So that was good.  Gambling was ok, again nothing exciting.  We went out by the pool one afternoon.  It was so hot and there was no shade.  At a certain point in the afternoon, the glare coming off the pyramids was horrible.  Also, I don't need to look at a larger than life size poster of Carrot Top when I'm trying to relax.  Overall, it was ok but I don't think I would ever pay for their weekday prices or would be in a rush to stay there again.
5	It was New Years Eve and we needed a place to Parte' with the Strip closed down for the fireworks show what were we to do??? After driving around for an hour being turned away by countless hotels for not staying there... ...It hit me and then like a Vision from Anubis... The Light of the Luxor!!! We pull in like we are staying there hoping that they are not running the names off a list... We start the approach... There is an older gentlemen in a vest waving us toward him, and he asks with a clipboard in his hand are you guys guests of the hotel? "Mary says No we are here to see the fireworks"..... He looks at us and says pull forward to the VIP section and be sure to Tip VIP!!!! I am like F@#& Yeah!!! Pulling forward another guy asks can I help you??? Of course do as we are told right??? I say were VIP & he looks at the car paused for a moment and says Ok move forward... Now understand that we are not driving the  2010 Lexus GS350 it was at home instead we drove too Vegas in the 2002 Camry Se for Gas Mileage so when we said VIP the guy probable thought yeah right... :)Forward we move right to the front of the Hotel... When I say front I mean the car was parked 10ft. from the glass doors.... We stopped the car.... handed the keys to the Valet and passed him a Benji $$$... CHA CHING!!!! We were in!!!! The hours that passed were reflected in the pictures we posted... Plenty of Beer lots of Gambling & Rocking the New Year with My Baby Mary V.Happy New Year Yelper's
5	Stayed in the pyramid, strongly suggest. Rooms were granite/tile/nice wood. Classy art on the walls and nice headboards and a nice flat screen. For 30$ extras we got to check in at 9 and out a3 the fallowing day which saved us paying for a second night. Staff was knowledgeable and the casino was great, really good sports betting/watching area.  Only complaint was the service elevator (the closest one to our room) which they told us to use smelled like eggs the whole time it was very strange.
2	The Luxor has gone downhill...and I'm not specifically talking about ever since its opening around 20 years ago, although much of its physical structure is showing age.  No, I'm talking about the roughly 2 years and 2 months since the time I first stayed at Luxor.  That first time in 2009 wasn't great either, but at least the room was clean and the service was friendly and helpful.This time, well...here's my check-in experience in a nutshell:Waiting in line for the next check-in desk to open up.  One opens, and I walk towards it, noticing that the woman at the desk (her name is Shelly) doesn't beckon me over, but she also doesn't flip her sign from "Check In" to "Closed", as I'd seen others do when they closed their desks.  So I walk over and wait for her to finish typing and look up, which takes several minutes.  When she does look up...Shelly:  "Can I HELP you with something?"Me:  "Yes, I have reservations under..."Shelly (cutting me off):  "Wait wait wait wait.   Are you CHECKING IN?"Me (looking up at the Check In sign):  "Yes."Shelly:  "Hmmp."  (cranes her neck to also see that the sign reads Check In)  (Then, in a low and disappointed tone) "All right,  well let's check you in."The rest of the conversation went about the same way.  Clearly I ruined Shelly, the check-in clerk's day by approaching her and expecting to be checked in.  Had I known this beforehand, I would have avoided my social faux pas by simply booking a room at a hotel where they actually like to see customers coming in to spend their cash.  Unfortunately, the check-in was not the only thing that soured me on Luxor.  Housekeeping skipped our room entirely the second day of our visit.  The bed was uncomfortable such that I woke up sore every morning, and I'm not normally picky about beds.  All in all, our room was pretty tired and far from spotless.  (This was in the Towers, the part of the hotel that is supposed to be newer than the Pyramid.)Next time we will be staying elsewhere in Vegas.
3	Stayed 1/27/2012 for 3 nights.My First review.  Here we go..Let's just say you could do worse.  The hotel is ageing.  Check in was a snap, quick, easy no line. The staff was nice enough.  There was the disingenuous "Resort Fee".  the inclinators looked like someone took a hammer to them.  Dented, scratched and dirty.  We stayed in the pyramid, seventh floor, room 7013 The reason I say that is the bass from the club vibrated the room so bad that we couldn't sleep. Club stops at 4am.  I would recommend staying in the Tower or the higher floors.   The room was only fair,  When we walked in, it smelled like someone had just smoked a bowl and I mean just.  Started eye'n the maids a bit more closely after that.  There was mold on the ceiling of the shower and the windows were filthy but the beds were clean and comfortable.   Good for the price but won't say there again.
3	Not much to say here, but let's just say this is the best bang for your buck. $60/night for a two double bed room. Usually when I come to Vegas, a few friends and I come on a Thursday night and stay in a cheap hotel. Then Friday when the rest of our friends come, we move into the lap of luxury.Luxor used to be a popular hotel. I remember when I used to come to Vegas with my parents as a kid, it was just being built, and I always wanted to stay in a room with a slanted wall. Vegas has changed a lot over the past few decades, and Luxor is no longer considered a luxurious hotel. It seems as if the newer hotels on the strip are always trying to top one another in architecture, decor, and luxury. And yes, they are doing a good job.If you want to do Vegas cheap, Luxor is a good choice for a decent hotel.
5	Loved it here! It was really cheap & nice for the amount we paid. The showers were really nice in the pyramid rooms. & it was so nice to have LAX right down stairs. We went there our first night & had a great time. The music was the best we heard all weekend. The casino was pretty cool. I'm pretty sure I spent more time there than my room. There was a steady flow of people all night. For what I paid I was definitely satisfied & would stay again.
2	Luxor, you disappoint me.  This is a an aging property on the south end of the strip and while I've stayed there three times, the prior time being the most pleasant, it is really in a tired state.We had an incredibly poor experience with the Shelly, the gal at the check in desk, the YS detailed it in his review so I won't bring it up again and that's how it started.,with incredibly poor customer service.It used to be, too, that they had security near the hallways watching who went up and down in the elevators in the towers, that is no more and also you are no longer required to use a room key to operate the elevator so that means any and all can use it at all hours.  A fact I was not pleased to hear.  Shelly didn't tell us about that someone else a day or so later told us when we couldn't make the key work in the elevator.I dislike greatly the timeshare people that they allow on their property that hound you every time you walk by, however, we must have gotten better at dodging them or they are slipping because it was minimal hounding.  All in all, I'll try a newer property elsewhere on the strip.  I've recently stayed at the Encore and that was a much nicer experience.The Cosmopolitan interests me as well.  It's definitely in the newer nicer property list.I usually say I'll be back but don't bet on it.
3	This place isn't bad. It could certainly be worse. I stayed twice. The first time they tried to stick me in the tower after I booked a pyramid room. I threw a, minor, fit and they let me have my pyramid room. I don't stay at the Luxor to stay in a god damn regular building. The second time I booked a room with a jacuzzi and that room was fantastic. It was enormous and well furnished and all around fantastic. Aside from the mold all over the bathroom; could've done without that. The pool area is nice when it's open. The pools are cold, plenty of chairs to go around, and sloppy girls in bikinis showing their boobs to the world with champagne and strawberries. That's about all you can ask for from a hotel in Vegas.The spa is really nice too. I spent an entire day there and saw almost no one else. They have a really nice wooden sauna, a eucalyptus steam, and a gigantic hot tub with some waterfall nonsense happening. Plus, free cocoa and apples. Cmon!
3	The Luxor was ok for the price and I was stoked I had a flat screen in my room (the csr over the phone had told me the room had a old school tv) but it was WAAY to far from the strip. Looking at it from a distance it looks so close to the MGM Grand (the closest monorail drop off to Luxor) but HELL no it isn't! It took me about 45 minutes to walk back to the Luxor from the monorail drop off. For that reason alone I don't think I'll stay there again..
4	Review for my stay in Aug 2011.Stayed here for my first time in Vegas. I must say I had a good experience here. We checked in about 1 in the morn and only waited 15 mins with a free upgrade. I was gonna try the sandwich trick where u slide a 20 between your cc and id and ask for a comp upgrade, but before I could ask the lady gave it to us :) I kept my 20 lol We got a players king deluxe room in the east tower. We wanted to stay in the pyramid but can't complain. Our upgrade came with a cal king bed, love seat, and a jetted bath tub. It did smell like weed at first but didn't bother us. Hmmm maybe that's why we were always hungry lol. For less than 100 bucks a night including taxes and fees we got a great room, and if the gf was ok with it. PERFECT :)All in all I enjoyed the Luxor and would stay in here again. Maybe try the inclinator elevator next time which we didn't get to sample :(
2	If it wasn't for the extra clean rooms and comfortable beds I may have given it one star.We reserved a spa room 4 months in advance and when we got there we were informed that they were renovating and would upgrade us to the tower. If I wanted a tower suite I would have reserved it. I'm sure they knew they were going to renovate way ahead of time.Anyway the suite was spacious and nice but we wanted the experience of staying in the pyramid.Housekeeping was fantastic.Free wi-fi was terrible. Had to use our own data.Expect to pay for everything. $12. to print boarding passes.Titanic exhibit fantastic.
2	Always wanted ot go to Vegas just to go and see Wayne Newton. Not really a gambler, although my husband is, I was wan't really sure what I would find to do and where I should look to stay. Honestly all we needed was a clean room, with internet, a clean and functional bathroom, and a comfortable clean bed from sleeping. We never travel with the intention on spending a lot of time in our hotel rooms so we don;t need a lot of perks or special ammenities. Oh, and did I mention we always travel on a low budget to ensure we get to do a lot of things throughout the year. Because I found a great deal for the Luxor which provided us free buffet breakfast with each night so we were sold on staying here. The hotel itself looked spectacular on the outside.but when you entered the first floor (casino level) it was a little dark and dated looking. The trip to our room was a little interesting too - the elevators move sideways going up because of the pyrimid shape and apparently not all of the elevators go to every floor.Our room was clean, but needed some serious TLC and a remake; a dimley lit room with cracks in walls, wired internet with a hiden cable behind the television, and a bathroom that was a little questionable. However, for the price we paid it was a good room. If you don't mind not having a more modern room and you're looking for a place to sleep on a budget, this is the place to go while in Vegas.
4	This is based solely on the Titanic exhibit. Very cool. Lots of actual artifacts from the ship and persona on the ship. Even a huge piece of the ship if the ship which they own for 10 years before it is moved.  Good history lesson and cool replicas of how the ship was that you can walk through including the grand stair case.
3	To be honest this place wasn't awful but just not what I expected. To me the Luxor is a Vegas classic like the MGM or Caesars, you know people know this hotel and it's part of the heart of the Vegas strip. So with that in mind I did have sorta/kinda high expectations.  When we arrived at 1am, the line to check in was like a Disneyland ride line. Luckily I had a drink bought for me and the line actually moved. I was excited to stay in the pyramid part of the hotel because I thought it would be fun but obviously it's the part of the hotel that hadn't been renovated; which explains why the tower rooms are more expensive because when I got a chance to up to one of those rooms (which I wont say how because what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas) those rooms are so much nicer! It wasn't gross and old like some off the strip hotel but it wasn't as luxurious as I pictured it to be AND, this is an important and, the bathroom toilet in our room hadn't been cleaned and we had to have someone come up and clean it. Which set the tone for housekeeping for the rest of the weekend, they really didn't clean.  Also the toilet was extremely low flow, it couldn't flush down toilet paper! But the staff that I had interacted with was very friendly, surprisingly so for the amount of people that were staying at the hotel and no doubt the amount of rude people I'm sure they had to deal with.We really stayed here for the Bodies exhibit, which was amazing! I can't even describe this exhibit you just have to see it for yourself. We ended up buying a ticket package for $54 that was for three exhibits, so on top the Bodies exhibit we saw Titanic and the Reef at Mandalay.  The Titanic exhibit was wayyyyy better then I expected it to be; it was so captivating and entertaining.  My thoughts on the The Reef at Mandalay are a little skewed since I didn't sleep the night before, so I was dead tired, maybe a little drunk still and heading towards a hang over; and there were way more kids there then made it worth it.The price for the rooms will get me to stay here again.
2	Not a fan. The place has a ubiquitous unpleasant odor in the hotel and casino-not our room.  And it is not from the cigarette smoke or the vomit from over-served 21 year olds. Within an hour of arriving we were tired if both.  It smells like a cross between spoiled food and play-doh.    The room was clean. We stayed for a convention for a neighboring hotel.  We wished we had stayed elsewhere.  This place is for 21 year old, drinkers-youthful idiots.  More like spring break that a nice hotel.
4	The Pyramid King Delux room was what I expected; large, clean with a FANTASTICALLY sinful sized shower. The shower made it. It was a bit warm but not too horrible. The non-smoking room was just that. Didn't smell like the rest of the casino so that was pleasant. My room was placed the furthest away from the elevators so it was quite a hike. That wasn't fun. Concierge was helpful and polite. This isn't the MGM, but it's a decent hotel that's worth the stay. Plus, GREAT PRICE during the week.
4	Niiiccceeeee .... room was cozy and the bed was amazing!
2	Nice enough room, but a real turn off when you check in, and the rim of the toilet still has urine spots on it from the last guy that stayed here, and did not aim well.  I would have thought house keeping would do  a better job in a place like this.
4	Rented 3 rooms here for a bachelor party.  Rooms are decent size and the price is right.  Located on a good section of the strip.  Did not spend much time at the room or the casino, but transportation to and from the hotel was speedy.
4	This was our first time in Vegas and we weren't disappointed with the Luxor. It's certainly not this nicest hotel on the strip, but it has everything you need. The casino is large, there's a decent steakhouse, good tacos, interesting exhibits. The room had a flat screen and a very nice bathroom, however the rest of the room wasn't very impressive. I didn't feel cheated by staying at the Luxor and the price per night was very appealing. Beware of the hotel greeters that are ALL over the hotel offering "free gifts". They become very, very annoying.
2	Although I did state in my previous review that I would like to stay elsewhere on a future Vegas trip, I ended up booking the Luxor due to their affordable (cheap!) rates that I found on their website.  I wanted to make my trip as cost-friendly as possible, and so I reluctantly reserved a room for 3 nights during the week.The GOOD:1)  Check in process was for the most part efficient, as more check-in counters were opened up to accommodate the growing check-in line.  The female staff member who helped me was (though not overly friendly) polite and thorough for the most part. The entire check-in process lasted less than 5 minutes and she then gave me directions to the elevators for the West Tower.NOTE:  The Luxor sent me an email shortly after I made my original reservation for possible room upgrades.  I had originally booked a room in the pyramid, but the email stated upgraded rooms may or may not be available and to check availability of said rooms upon check-in.  After reading the "fine print" carefully, I chose a potential upgrade to a Tower Deluxe room. There are other more pricier/larger rooms available as well, when you submit your upgrade request you can choose up to 3 upgrade room selections.   I'd like to say there is a "catch" but there is none as you keep your existing reservation at the original price if the upgrade room you chose is not vacant.  Our upgraded room was available in the West Tower, which was a much farther walk from the check-in desk than I had anticipated.2)  Housekeeping staff did a great job of keeping the room tidy for the duration of our stay.  I appreciated their efforts in keeping our bathroom neat and clean especially.3)  As with my past experiences at Luxor, the Valet staff remains friendly, quick, and efficient as they always have.  4)  We ended up using the mobile function to check out.  Just text LCHECKOUT to 23300 and follow the prompts.  It was quick and easy!The NOT SO GOOD:1)  The shower drain drained quite SLOWLY for our entire stay.  This was slightly disturbing when we initially discovered it, and was very disappointing.2)  The tv remotes should be replaced.  The buttons worked but not very well.3)  The guest functions on the television need to be checked if they're working properly.  I attempted to check my balance and check out via the guest services on the tv but none of those functions worked....at all.   Another epic fail.Bottom Line:  I'm not sure that even a cheap rate will convince me to book another reservation at Luxor in the future.
2	Just as most strip hotel, food prices were outrageous and not even good..but they did make some nice accommodations for me to help meet my needs.
4	We checked in to the Luxor after a horrible stay at the Rio the night before.  This place was wonderful.  The staff was very friendly and customer service was great.  The place was clean, open and ventilation in the casino was very good!  Being a non smoker, this is huge in my book.  Our room was really nice,  and modern with all the amenities. (we were in the east tower)  Overall,  we really enjoyed our stay and will stay again!    Thank you Luxor for turning our vacation that started so poorly at the Rio into a beautiful weekend!
2	We stayed in the back side of the pyramid in a standard sized room..awful location. The window view was a damaged foam or fiberglass wall. The bedroom had mildew and mold stains on the ceiling and shower area. AND there wasn't Wi-Fi! The only good thing about it was the size was larger than most rooms on the strip.
1	I didn't have the highest of expectations for the Luxor, but it failed to even meet the bar that had been set so low.My friend and I checked in at about 1am on a Friday night/Saturday morning and went straight to bed.  So far, so good.  When we woke up in the morning, I walked into the bathroom and the floor was wet.  I asked my friend if they had taken a shower before I had woken up.  They told me they hadn't.  I walked into the bathroom again and saw that there was a leak... it was coming from the light.  Now I know that sometimes these things happen, and I would normally feel bad for giving a place 1 star for something that might've been out of their control, but their customer service was so atrocious that I feel really justified in giving them the lowest grade possible.The first time we called the front desk, they told us they were going to send an engineer up to fix the leak.  After waiting for an hour without a visit from the engineer, we gave the front desk a call and they told us they were going to switch us into another room and that someone needed to go to the desk to retrieve the new room keys.  When my friend arrived at the front desk, the clerk was rude and not apologetic at all.   We weren't being nitpicky about the leak.  The whole floor of the bathroom was soaked within minutes.  We weren't expecting to be waited on hand and foot, an they were still rude.  Sincerity would go a long way, Luxor.
1	First, I didn't stay here. We were on a family vacation and my brother booked his room here due to the cheap rate.You cannot get a drink here if you're playing the slots. There is no server to be found, and if they see you coming, they will keep walking away....fast.I played roulette and texas hold 'em. The table workers are so rude, it's ridiculous. Texas hold 'em is a minimum $30- although it lists $10. My brother wanted to play, so I went along. The cards were dealt and the worker says, "you have bad cards- look, you already lose $10- just like that." We finished up and moved on to roulette. I had great luck- won a lot. However, the attitudes of the workers sucked. My friend (who dropped a hundred) was sitting there smoking, and the worker stops everything to say, "you just blew smoke in my face!" My friend apologized immediately and said she didn't mean to. The worker insisted she had intentionally blown smoke in her face. So awkward. I set down my little purse a couple times to put my bigger chips in it, and each time, the worker would yell, "take it off the table now!!!" It was ridiculous. I'm a crazy generous tipper, but these folks were rude as hell. I've worked in casinos myself, and was always super friendly and fun with my customers. I don't get the rude behavior. Like we were a burden. I found this at Luxor more than any place else. Such terrible customer service. I would never stay there.
4	Free room upgrade and although not a great view, the room was very nice! I can't complain about much. The bed was big, the bathroom had a huge shower & nice bathtub, and it was an altogether cozy & clean experience! The pool gets pretty busy on a nice day. I didn't get a chance to check out the fitness center, but there is one! If there is ever another good deal at this Hotel, I would stay here again. The casino is also quite nice. It's one of the more lower stakes casinos and always has cocktail waitresses!Just not the best location. It's at the very south end of the strip, so everywhere is sort of a walk or a taxi ride.
4	Check out Bodies and Titanic exhibits!!!  It's part of the 3 attractions for $56.00.  It 's worth to do if you want to kill time and not kill your wallet with gambling.  You learn interesting facts about your body and what really happened to the Titanic ship.  There is a live replica of the iceberg that the ship hit inside.  It's very cold.  You can not take any pictures in these exhibits.  My mom, sis, and I enjoyed the exhibits and our time there.  The Luxor was the very 1st hotel I stayed in Vegas.
4	I stayed here on a recent trip to Vegas and would certainly stay here again.The check-in line was a mile long.  Even so, within 20 minutes we got the key cards to our hotel room and even received a complimentary upgrade.We stayed in a tower room.  The room and bathroom looked new and were clean and spacious.  I liked our room, even though we felt a bit removed from the main hotel.The main downfall of the hotel was the food selection; the buffet was probably the worst I've ever tried in Vegas.One of my other complaints is that housekeeping was about to walk into our room despite us having the "do not disturb" sign on our door.  We had been getting ready, so I am not sure they would have walked in had we not said something.  Is this policy to knock anyway?Despite a couple of negatives, I still give this hotel four stars.  The hotel is a pretty good value for those looking to stay at a nice Vegas hotel, but pay the price of a low standard hotel.
3	It's an old hotel at the end of the strip.  It's also cheap!  And clean.  I mean, you don't spend much time in your room anyway, so save your money for the gambling and stay on the cheap.  The dining and shopping experience isn't as nice as some of the others hotels, but again, it's cheap!
2	I stayed here very recently.  The hotel looks really neat outside but once you get in the service is not as neat.  Check in was easy, the next morning our shower was clogged.  I had to call maintenance 3 times within an hour to get anyone to come up.  Was not helpful at all.  Also the hotel is not close to the main strip, up a few blocks would have been better.  The buffet was bad, seemed like old food.  The shrimp has a weird smell, the selection was good but the flavor wasn't there.  The Subway up the street was better.We valeted the car several times, took awhile each time to get the car.  Once one of the drivers left pistachios and shells in the car.  I will not stay here again, there are better hotels for just a little more on the strip or even off the strip for a cheap cab fare would be better than the Luxor.
4	Never stayed here, but I did come here to visit my girls' room and it was aight. I thought the elevator was going to stop working at any point, because it was super shakey..scary. Anyways this review is for the casino. Apparently I was hella faded and thought I was feeling lucky and I guess luck was with me, because I walked out of there $800 bucks richer off the craps table. Anyways, I definitely need to come back to those craps tables next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I'm not even going to waste anymore time with this place and simply say a few words, you could do a lot better! Rude rude rude Roberto on 03/18/12 around 4:00am you need to ease up a bit and take some lessons on hospitality after all you are in the hospitality industry. The bad1. Slow check in and rude front desk clerk2. Black jack dealer (female) again rude3. Casino floor lacks cocktail servers. I never seen more then one. 4. If you are lucky and find a cocktail server be prepared to wait 20 or more minuets for your drink. On one accasion the waitress never returned with our drinks. And yes we were tipping well. The good 1. Rooms were very clean but I'm more then sure it had a lot to do with my room attendee Laupe. Laupe I thank you for making my stay tolerable. 2. Pool drinks and bartenders were excellent. 3. Valet staff and starters very efficient. Would I recommend this place? no. I won't even mention it.
2	*sigh* Long ass check in lines... You get what you pay for. I stayed here in February 2012 and we were in the actual pyramid...in the non smoking part. If it were left to me we would NOT have stayed here...anyway on to the room:The room is rather basic. A bed, flat screen TV, bathroom. No WOW factor at all. The room had this wet/moldy feel to it...Imagine if you left the hot water running in the shower for hours and the room got all misty/damp like...well that's what the room felt like. (That's the best way I can describe it, lol) Maybe they were trying to clean the carpet and they didn't get a chance to let it dry?Who knows. As for the casino, it's rather small compared to the other ones on the strip and I'm not really a fan of their food options. So why did they get 2 stars? Customer service. The staff there was pretty helpful and kind, so that makes up for everything else.
1	Off to a great start, I'm actually surprised that after a 35 minute check in line at 2:35am the clerk seemed annoyed with our presence. She dutifully told us our non smoking request for our asthmatic groom was not relevant, ignored a question by another guest and when we asked to be upgraded she said it wasn't possible and even advised us the jets in our spa were broken, nice! The room reeked of 80 yr. old  smokers and hopelessness. We're still trying to figure out if the stain on the ceiling is blood or pasta sauce. The hookers outside presented with more class and decorum. Overall an extremely underwhelming first impression Luxor, even if you're a sad aging property you could act like you are interested in customers having a nice stay.  1 star, and that's only because the app won't let me leave it blank.
2	Decent, but not great hotel. Stayed here during Super Bowl weekend on a last minute trip. It had a good atmosphere. The employees at the check-in needs improvement. They gave me a room key and pointed me to the wrong room. I had to walk all of the way back and gave me new room key and a different room. While I had the exercise that I need the most, it was a hassle. Also STAY AWAY FROM THE POKER ROOM. Full of luckboxes who can't play crap. There are much better poker rooms on the strip. The biggest drawback for me... NO WIFI. Their sister hotel, Mandalay Bay has a wifi, but not the Luxor. It's 2012 people... improve your technology. Anyway, it's a good stay, but there are better options out there like their sister casinos.
4	Stayed Here Twice Love It...
4	My favorite hotel when I stay in my favorite city . I don't need to spend $400-$500 bucks a night for comfort. Luxor is clean and comfy. I like the atmosphere, pool, gym, spa, and More The Buffet. The sushi restaurant inside is also pretty good. So are the two clubs LAX and the Catwalk. I'm a fan of Jersey Shore and have seen both Snooki & The Situation at LAX lol.Luxor is also connected to Mandalay Bay so  as you walk through there are some cool little boutiques wth shoes, clothes, and unique souvenirs. Love.
4	My husband and I stayed here in February 2012 for USA Sevens. We picked it because it was on the strip and was better priced and looked the cleanest then the other hotels. We stayed in the East tower , which I do recommend staying at because it's the newest part of the Luxor and the cleanest. The ONLY thing we really couldn't stand was how far the parking lot is to the tower. Between going through the entire casino, bars, and the whole pyramid to the other side it was horrible after a 9 hour drive with a bunch of luggage! The room it self was really nice, the desk chair was a bit dirty . But all in all we would stay there again. The Luxor buffet was the best one we've been to compared to a few others on the strip. It was clean and had great options for breakfast.
3	I've always wanted to stay at the Luxor so was glad to finally have the chance, and would certainly do so again in future.We originally booked a Pyramid Room, and was upgraded to a room in one of the Towers. Though I would have loved to have stayed in the Pyramid itself, a King size bed was much more enticing.Our room was clean and large (Hello two wardrobes with lights? I like!), the shower and the bath tub being separate to one another was a bit odd, but whatever. The bed itself was amazingly comfortable. I'm usually not a fan of hotel beds, but plenty of soft pillows, comfortable mattress and clean bedding.The resort fee? Lame. If you're going to charge me extra, how about having WiFi? For all the marketing around the hotel encouraging you to Check in on Foursquare or get social with the Luxor, providing WiFi to your paying guests seems like a no brainer.We did receive 2 free drink coupons for each night we were staying at the hotel, so the additional resort fee wasn't that big of a deal as we got 6 drinks out of it. Heads up if you're expecting the included newspaper to arrive in the morning at your room - it doesn't, you need to pick it up in a store near the check-in. Also, if you're craving coffee in the morning, you'll just have to suck up the additional cost Starbucks charges in the hotel, the prices are jacked up, but to be expected.Cons: - End of the strip- Mandatory resort fee- No WiFi- No coffee maker in your room- Worst buffet- Pool isn't open very late (closed at 6pm while we were there) Pros:- Dude. Ancient Egyptian theme. Sweet!- Pretty inexpensive for Vegas- Titanic Exhibit. Surprisingly very good. Was expecting something super cheesy but it was very well put together and curated.- Easy connections to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay- Possible Criss Angel spottings makes for much hilarity. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our check-in was pretty quick (we arrived 11pm on a Friday night), quick check out and clean, comfortable room. I'd stay again for sure, but probably won't for some time as I like to try out different hotels when in Vegas.
4	We did not stay in the hotel, so this review is based off the Casino floor. Lots of cigarette smoke, I know its Vegas, but at our hotel (Aria) they seemed to do  a lot to keep the smell down. Luxor did not. Overall it was a decent experience on the casino floor, but not a single drink in an hour and a half there. Would I go again? Probably. Would I expect much, not at all.
2	Whoever designed this hotel is an idiot! First off, the elevators go up sideways, so the whole time you hear a screeching noise. Secondly, they only have 2 sets of elevators, and they're oddly placed, so the walk from the lobby to your hotel room can literally take 15 minutes. And the atrium, where all the food and entertainment is at, is not accessible through the elevator! So add another 8 minute walk if you want to go there!And now, the rooms: SO OLDDDDD! I laughed the moment I walked in! They don't have wireless internet, so our up-to-date technology laptops couldn't use their internet CORD. So what exactly am I paying for in the resort fee? Also, their AC switch was broken and even though we went in WINTER, we had to sleep with the AC on the whole night. AND THEIR TV! HAHAHAH! It was literally cube. I haven't seen one of those since I was a teen!Yes, I know, we only paid about $60 per weeknight so we can't expect much, but still, a warm room would've been nice.
3	I don't know if you can beat the price and location. It's not as bad as the Tropicana in terms of smell and just being outdated. I loved the price and they have really great service. I honestly think what I love the most is that it's so close to the Mandalay Bay and the Burger Bar is just a couple of minutes away.Plus, if you are kind of geeky you might enjoy the Egyptian decor.
3	Kind of confusing on the inside, some of the rooms are bland, some are quite unique.
2	Outside does not match the inside...I felt like I was in Excalabur... how did Luxor let it get that bad?-Casino floor was nothing spectacular.. where is the "unique" aspect?-Clubs we sub par...-free drinks are watered down with what tastes like pool water...-pool is basic, no fun attraction (except music) and half naked pasty white families...-room was basic... but who stays in their room for long??? -food court was wack along with buffet-the biggest negative...NO WIFI!!!! WTF!  when I called the front desk about it they sent me to a recording about using the "ethernet cord"... REALLY!? so annoying. appearantly im a spoiled silicon valley brat.. can someone get on that?... you could make some big money turning Vegas on to Wifi. -room service/bell hops were awesome, fast and nice. -two starbucks!! (although they are not full service)-decent mexican food upstairssad to say I wont stay here again... unless you're paying  LOL :)
3	The shape of the hotel is cool, the workers are nice and it's not expensive. I did not like how it was a far walk from the elevator to the room. The hotel is old so it has a weird smell to it, even the towels had a weird smell.
3	You get what you pay for. It took us an hour to check in and parking was kind of a pain. They upgraded us to a suite for free though! Bathrooms aren't well lit and the suite layout is kind of weird...it's like an L shaped and there's a wall between the living room and the bedroom.Parking is a pain in the a**The escalator is kind of scary due to the sideways movement...and they're actually really ugly. To be fair, i haven't really walked around the luxor much... every time I've stayed here we've arrived late and left the day of so maybe next time i'll explore more.
1	I have been to Vegas a few times and stayed in a few different hotels and had a great experience. This time was awful. We got there later in the evening with our two babies. First they gave us the wrong room. Not a big deal just a mistake. We went down and got it fixed. Then we get to our room and there was trash laying on the floor under the table and between the beds. The ac was broken and the ice bucket was sitting on the chair full of water. Plus we paid for the spa suit and all the jets were broken in all of the rooms. So all they did was give us a new room and it was a little smaller. Also the hot water went out so we had to take cold showers. They didn't take the old towels out when they cleaned our room or put trash bags in the cans. The pools were ice cold and boring. The buffet was nothing special either. The rooms look rundown and the elevators are all shaky. The whole hotel is just getting old. It needs to be redone. But the bodies exhibit is really interesting. And the hotel is in between the Excalibur and the Mandalay bay. So that was a big plus.
4	This place was not that bad and not that great. My biggest complaint was the 2nd hand coming through the vents of my bathroom. And at one point there was weed. I didn't mind it, but my Fiance was pissed off. The room is decent and clean. Overall with the room I was pleased.. We were only there to sleep anyways, how special does my room have to look?? I had a view of the parking lot but I also saw the pool so its fine. Also, most importantly was the beautiful sunrise I woke up to every morning, and the beautiful lights i saw before I went to sleep.Parking was hell because there's only 2 floors..  its a long chilly walk from parking lot to the casino...The elevator was annoying because every time we go up.. I tilt sideways... hmm poor sense of balance.. but still, the elevators aren't straight.If you don't know, there is easy access to your room.. you don't need to cut through the casino to get to your room. After parking, before you go down the stairs to the casino area, there are rooms on your right or left hand side. Just walk straight down there and go around the corner to get to the elevator. Had we known this earlier, we wouldn't need to cut through the casino in my wet bikini.I'd stay here again, I don't mind. Too bad it was too cold for the pool... only jumped in once. This place is def better than Circus Circus & Excalibur. Also this was so convenient to all the shows i wanted to watch: Fantasy & Criss Angel. I wanted carrot top but wth he was on vacation the week I came :'[Also bumped into the comedian from Fantasy in the casino.. HE IS AWESOME! FANTASY beats PEEPSHOW! more boobs & more laughs!!!!!!!!! Fantasy was sold out, while Peepshow had many empty seats... You only get glimpses of boobs for a few seconds. Fantasy is HOT! WOOOOOOOOp.s. just make sure you rent a car when you're in vegas... very convenient!
3	Be honest. You know you want to check out the giant pyramid! Let the overgrown kid in you loose and go in, take a look. The people working the valet parking IMHO are some of the nicest valets I've used in Vegas. When you step inside remember you're in Vegas and it's OK to gawk and look around and especially look up. Yes, it's cool. Yes those are hotel rooms up there. And the elevators you take to get to those rooms are cool in their own right. But whatever you do, don't look down. The carpet like a lot of stuff in the Luxor could use a refresh. And no if you take the elevator up you can't get to the megabeam of light at the very tip of the pyramid. You can't even get close, go outside and just look up instead and save yourself the time. I've never checked out the clubs as I'm not one of the cool kids anymore, but I just liked the overall feel of the Luxor. When I had an issue with my MGM Rewards card the staff took care of it fast. I also liked the feel of their casino better than Mandalay...I stayed longer and played more at the Luxor. The hotel rooms need a refresh...they are barely a cut above being at a Days Inn or Motel 6, and the rooms I've been in needed some work. You might be better off looking elsewhere for a room unless you really want to say you stayed in a giant pyramid. I definitely recommend checking out the Shoppes at Mandalay Place which connects the Luxor to Mandalay Bay. But that's another review (The sock store is AWESOME though) for another time. One Tip: Thinking of seeing Criss Angel: Believe? Please look up the reviews for it before you do. Not all things by Cirque du Soleil are golden tickets. 3 Stars: Valet Parking is always top notch and helpful. 1 Star for service, 1 star because it's a giant freaking pyramid and it's just cool in it's own right.
3	I experienced much of what has been written about The Luxor, so I won't repeat what everyone else has already said. Let me just add a few things:- The Luxor has NO wifi. So, if you have a Ipad or other tablet, you won't get any internet service. That sucked!  Mandalay Bay does have free wifi so walk thru the hotels and get access to their service.  - I tried three restaurants at The Luxor and they all were TERRIBLE. Eat elsewhere!!- While I stayed in the West Tower and not the Pyramid (thanks, Luxor, for the upgrade -much appreciated), the walls are thin so you can hear everything said. Also, there are doors between rooms, so I heard LOTS. If I have to go to Vegas again, I will try to splurge and stay at Mandalay Bay, Caesars and one day, the Bellagio!
2	The quality of this hotel compared to just about anywhere else on the strip is subpar from the accommodations, employees and clientele. There is no doubt that this hotel is dated from appearance, especially the rooms. Also, I encountered a very rude pit poss. Never thought I would say that when Im gambling my money at a casino. To top it off, he coughed on me while talking to me and didnt make an attempt to cover his mouth. Very disappointed with this establishment.
4	Great rate, clean room, helpful staff.   Good dealOnly issue is- like the Mandalay, MGM, and Excalibur, it's toward the end of the strip.   So it's always a walk, cab ride, or taxi ride to other parts of the strip.
4	The review is for the nightlife there. I love that you can take the monorail from hotel to hotel.Also, we went to the Cat House and my friend and I got in free and got free drinks till midnight. We went on a Wednesday for "Wonderland Wednesdays". Get your drinks from the male bartenders because the girls give very little!
1	Luxor is a nice hotel and all. But, when I stayed there for 3 nights, it completely ruined the hotel for me. I waited 2 hours for a hotel room at 11 PM! After that, we had to wait for our hotel room to be ready and it was so irritating. We managed to be on the 13th floor (bad luck!). The swimming pool was overcrowded and half of it wasn't even open due to construction. Good hotel to walk through, but don't stay here.
1	Short and sweet:  Just don't.  I don't care how cheap The Luxor is and the fact that the only reason you need a room in Vegas is so you'll have somewhere to pass out in... just don't.  I've learned my lesson and will pony up the extra cash to stay somewhere that doesn't suck.
1	The staff was great, the Hotel was not!
3	Company paid for a week's stay here.  Cheap hotel compared to others in Vegas.  I had heard the towers have better rooms than the pyramid, so I requested.  Room was really quite nice for the price, clean and looked renovated. Much better than pyramid rooms.  Not a fancy hotel in any way, but nice pool and general food court and shoppes.  Good place to stay on a budget without feeling slighted.
4	My husband and I had our wedding reception in the Egyptian Ballroom E,F,G,H and it was by far the BEST space of all the hotels we looked at. Trude, the wedding coordinator, is also helpful and responsive.  Our reception was beyond beautiful and there was A TON of space for our 150+ guests.  I'd highly recommend anyone to have their reception here!Luxor loses a star because their rooms aren't really the most attractive, but they're comfortable.
4	My wife and I stayed at The Luxor in March.  It was my wife's first time and she loved the luxor!  We were upgraded to a tower room, which was very nice!  We mainly stayed around the luxor our whole trip.  I only have a few complaints.. First, we had a "problem" with our/my credit card/debit card.  They called and said we needed to fix it by 5pm.  It was odd, because I had gotten paid the day before and I knew we had plenty in our account!  We waited 20 minutes in the MLIFE line to have our problem fixed..AND all i did was use my wife's card, SAME account, different card!  (And it wasn't my card that was the problem, we used it at starbucks and all over the place the whole trip...) my only problem, because i know electronics can be weird and we were spending a lot so maybe my CC company was like, hey, is your credit card stolen?  so they wouldnt let a large purchase like the hotel stay go through, but really?! 20 minutes to fix a problem!? in the "valued guest" line.. a bit much, especially when there are employees standing behind the front desk chatting....Second was the cocktail staff, or lack there of.  We would have stayed mainly in the Luxor had we been able to get drinks!  We played craps for about 35 minutes, no servers at all... So we left and went to the MGM, still the same lack of service for awhile, but eventually we got some drinks and ended up staying there for hours... Luxor, you need more cocktail staff..
1	In all my years of travel and staying at many hotels, I've never experienced anything worse than the Luxor. The Luxor was not our first choice in hotels during our most recent trip to Vegas, but a wedding we were in was next door at Mandalay and many of the guests were staying at Luxor too. I'm not really picky and let's be honest, how often are you in your room in Vegas anyway? So, we booked a room there through a timeshare tour thing (I'm writing a review for Grandview too- RUN if they try and lure you in with their bullshit. I digress.) and everything seemed ok until we got to Luxor. Our room was the biggest piece of shit ever. Again, I'm not really picky and lived in Isla Vista for four years, so it takes a lot to creep me out. But, our sink was backed up and stunk of sewage, our shower was broken, air conditioning didn't work (hot as FUCK in our room), cracks in the wall, paint peeling everywhere..honestly, it was a mess. Plus, the elevator up to our floor was the shakiest thing ever. I seriously prayed for my life everytime I had to go up or down. Hotel management seriously needs to have that thing checked for safety. The icing on the cake was when we went to speak with someone about moving rooms. The guy we spoke with (forget his name) was kind of rude. Yes, they moved us to their new tower (if you are forced to stay at Luxor, request a room in the East Tower) but we were not comped or anything- good customer service would have done something nice for us considering I was in a wedding and couldn't shower..When we got up to our old room to grab our bags and move, our FUCKING DOOR WAS WIDE OPEN! Apparently, they had a plumber there (at 1130 at night, mind you) to work on our sink, but the jackass at the front desk failed to tell us that we could expect him. Also, the plumber wasn't in there when we got in, as he was working on multiple rooms at once. Are you kidding me?? I had thousands of dollars worth of clothes, jewelry and luggage just open for anyone to cruise up and take. I am abhorred at how Luxor handled our initial complaints about our unlivable room. But, the lack of communication and the negligence on behalf of the plumber is unacceptable. You have many choices of places to stay when you go to Vegas. I don't care if youre trying to save a buck or what, but I would never recommend anyone to stay here. Worst experience ever.
2	Perks: Casino is connected to Excalibur so you can enjoy window shopping indoors between casinos. Nice exhibits. Provided coupons for complimentary stuff. Downfalls: Elevators are far from rooms, elevator rides can make you sick, casino is open, does not offer a lot of shops within Luxor, our room only had a shower-no tub, towels smelled burnt, toilet does not flush good. Oh, and wi-fi not so great.
1	Disgusting.  I've stayed at better road side motels than this.  In room 18026 there is BLACK MOLD on the ceiling and the shower doesn't drain.  The entire motel smelled like a moldy bathroom.  I wouldn't stay there again if it where free!  If you make the mistake of staying in this ARM PIT of a motel DO NOT eat at "Tenders"  it is SEVERALLY over priced and I've had better steaks at Ruby TuesdaysAnd yes I intentionally used the word "Motel"
3	moderately-priced hotel on the strip with decent accomodations. don't expect anything fancy or for the staff to bend over backwards for you. it just won't happen.overall, good experience if you want somewhere basic to stay. they have a decent casino. not a great pool and location is a bit far from the middle of the strip.probably won't return unless my friends are broke (again).
4	Came here for a relative's wedding a few years back and really enjoyed myself.The ceremony itself was small, intimate and private (very comfortable). There was hardly any noise at all. and the following reception at the buffet was very nice. I had to leave the same day and was unable to stay at the hotel, but if I get married someday I hope its here!!
2	Our friend's were getting married at the Four Season's Hotel, so most of the party was staying at either The Hotel, Mandalay Bay or Luxor. Since we'd already stayed at Mandalay Bay before, we decided to try the "Pyramid" experience. Pro's:- housekeeping did a great job and even cleaned our rooms in late afternoon when privacy sign was up in morning- comfortable beds, new televisions, plus channel selectionCon's:- They gave us 2 free drink tickets per day of stay, but most others in our wedding party that stayed at the Luxor were not given their tickets (supposed to be part of the daily resort fee of $18)- Quite far from the center of the strip- They have timeshare people everywhere always pestering you (very annoying!)- Lower limit tables, slots, etc definitely attracts a certain "crowd" so to speak- Lights in the bedroom are not energy efficient (have to shut all off and on manually - this is 2012 right?)- Pool area doesn't have much shade nor has it been updated since it opened I imagine- Lack of quality eating establishments means you always need to go somewhere else (again annoying!)Having stayed at Mandalay Bay, Monte Carlo, Hard Rock Hotel in the past, Luxor definitely ranks at the bottom of the list and see no reason to return in the future given that they still seem to price themselves in the mid-range.
2	Got 2 rooms next to each other. My room had hair between the sheets and on the box springs. Line of stain on my pillow. The other room had iron burn on the sheets n also hair on the bed. DISGUSTING! Doesnt matter if they cleaned it after, i just had that thot all weekend. I wont ever stay in a room here again, there are too many hotels in LV that are cleaner. Only reason i give it 2 stars is cuz the craps tables were ok.
4	We stayed here for our first trip to Vegas last year. I really wasn't sure what to expect and had gotten mixed reviews from friends and sites. However, I must admit that I was pleasantly surprised. People make remarks about it being old but you really can't tell. Our room was large and spacious with nothing wrong. There is plenty to see and do, although the casino is a bit boring. Overall, if you're on a budget, it's a great place to say. Keep in mind that it is at the end of the strip, but we love to walk and found it to be an exciting walk to the main part of the strip..after all, people-watching is one of the best things to do in Vegas. I recommend. Don't let other reviews fool you. You will be pleased unless looking for a top notch, luxurious experience. I'd definitely go back.
1	Never stay at the Luxor unless you want problems after problems. Even after we check out we are still having issues with the Luxor refunding our money. What a terrible and ridiculous experience.
1	I booked my tower non-smoking room directly from the Luxor's website for an IT conference.  When I arrive, they told me that they were overbooked and were moving me to the pyramid suite instead.  I told them "Thanks, but no thanks.  Last time I stayed in the pyramid I couldn't sleep due to the smell of smoke, heat, and poor room conditions.  They said "Your only choices are to take the pyramid room or a smoking tower room (which is the reason I don't stay in the pyramid!)"  I asked them if the pyramid room was going to be smoky and hot due to the fact that it was on the 28th floor.  They said "Probably".  When we got to the room, it was hot, smokey, and very run down.  They also let us know that the jets in the hot tub didn't work. The Internet which we were paying $20/night for in our "Resort Fee" was horrible (0.7 download, 0.3 upload and a 200ms latency).  Oh and NO wifi!  After our stay I checked out and asked "Do you usually overbook the towers like that?"  They replied "Sometimes" offering no compensation or remorse. This is the second time this has happened to me while staying there for a conference and it will be the last time I book at the Luxor.PS two of the four elevators had issues.  One wouldn't close properly and the second has beer all over it.  I also had to buy a pillow from Target because my neck was killing me with those horrible mattresses and pillows.
2	Not one of the best casinos in Las Vegas. My biggest gripe is that everything closes so early! I could not find a decent place to eat after 11pm. Really?
3	There are already 1000+ reviews of Luxor, so I'll just sum it up.  You get what you pay for and you shouldn't pay much for the Luxor.  If they want more than $100/night, stay somewhere else.  The hotel is in need of a major refurb but it's fairly clean.  Biggest problem was that the rooms were far from the elevators and the elevators are slow.  Allow 15 minutes to get from your room to the casino.
4	I love making my semi annual trips to Vegas and staying here. It isn't the highest end place to stay on the strip. But I found it worth the money for what you get. I love the pool here and have really liked the service. This last trip we were fortunate enough to come on a Wednesday. They weren't super booked and were able to give us a free upgrade to tower room. And I was very happy with the room. Almost the top floor with a great view of the strip. I will shell out the extra money to make sure I stay in the main tower again.
2	The room was actually quite decent, service was okay and the pyramid was a nice spectacle. But the cons really outweigh the pros. There is NO wireless! NONE! If you like using things like an ipad or other tablets, don't stay here. They have free wired internet, so if your bringing your laptop that wouldn't be terrible.  The hotel had time share people stationed almost every 10 feet. It was really annoying. The buffet was decent and cheap, but I will be staying somewhere else next time because of the wireless issue!
3	I do love the architecture and interior design, but idk, it's kinda dark and depressing, and not up to date with alot of stuff. My room was kinda crappy and did not have a flat screen like in the picture. Also the pool is less than mediocre.
2	The only reason why this place didn't get one star was because the room seemed clean; the rest left a LOT to be desired.Check-in was fast and easy, but just as we walked away from the counter, the woman informed us that the none of the spa tubs in the rooms equipped with them worked any more.  So essentially we paid extra for an awkward-shaped bathtub in the corner of the sleeping space.The casino area was ok, but the difference of service and clientele between night and daytime was literally like night and day.  During the day (and even early evening), it was quiet and fairly sparse for a strip casino.  There seemed to be almost no waitresses walking around seeing if anyone wanted a drink.  When we finally found one and started to ask her if we could get something, she snapped "WAIT!" and stalked off.At night it transforms into a trashy wonderland of drunk Jersey Shore wanna-be boys, and drunker girls that obviously have no clue that there's a huge difference between "dressing sexy" and looking like they should be turning tricks on a seedy corner someplace.  If your boobs are barely held in and your skirt is so short you're nearly showing off your downtown dining and entertainment district, you've achieved the latter category, darlin!The room itself was large but sparsely furnished and extremely oddly laid-out.  Upon entering, there was a large bathroom to the left; a big shower and lots of counter space, but the lighting was absolutely awful.   Further into the room was a very small writing desk with no outlets that I could see (and no kind of seating).  The main wall of the room had a bed and two side tables.  Strangely placed perpendicular to the bed and off to the side was an armoire (which was WAY too close to the end of the bed and allowed only about 10 inches of walking room between it and the corner of the bed), and on the far side of that was a flat screen television that was pointed at a partition wall.  It could be moved to angle more towards the bed, but then the armoire was blocking half the screen.  Past the partition wall was a small room that looked as if it should have been a seating area, but was completely empty except for two luggage racks. Overall, it gave the impression of a sad, neglected theme room.There were absolutely no amenities... no coffeemaker, no mini-fridge; but I'd have to say my biggest complaint was a lack of wi-fi.  There's an automatic fee with the room that includes wired internet, but that's it.  C'mon... it's 2012.  Even small coffee shops have wi-fi!  My service is AT&T, and standing completely still in the room, I watched the service on the phone go from 4 bars to 2, then to no service, then to the edge network, then back up to 2 bars.  Thankfully, calls seemed to go through ok and texts were slow but worked; but anything web-based on the phone was pretty much useless even when it would reach 4 bars of service.  I'm not sure what's going on in the pyramid, but my phone even started acting buggy while in the room... at one point I noticed the clock showed eastern time for no reason.  To top it all off, I had to keep the phone plugged in or in airplane mode because the battery drained so quickly from it constantly searching for signals.The tower rooms are of better quality, but if you have to stay at the Luxor, avoid staying in the pyramid!
4	The Luxor was one of the best hotels ive been too, ive never been to the rooms that are in the pyramid, I always stayed in the other part of the luxor where its just a big black building. Ive walked to the pyramid rooms though and went inside and it was sorta crammed but everything else was cool.
3	I stayed here for a night last week and it should be noted I am giving the three stars to the room I had in the newer towers, not the pyramid. Upon check in I was helped by a manager and he upgraded my room since I was staying only one night. He was courteous, professional and he made check in hassle free (plus the upgrade was a bonus). The room was very clean and the bed was comfortable, but it still looked pretty worn down for being the "newer" portion of the hotel.I wasn't crazy about the pool. It seemed dirty, the lounge chairs were cheap, and where were the drink servers? The location on the Strip wasn't the best either since it is so far south. Another annoying aspect of this hotel was the various employees trying to stop you to offer you "free" things. Don't BS me, I'm on vacation, stop trying to get me to sign up or buy stuff. The Cathouse inside of Luxor is a pretty cool bar though and we enjoyed a great Yelp event there!It was the first and last time I'll stay at Luxor. It wasn't the worst hotel I've stayed at in Vegas, but it wasn't that good either. I was considering a 2 star rating, but the room was clean and the bed was comfy and those are the two most important things when staying at a hotel for me, so 3 stars it is!
5	unlike most of the reviews before we didn't encounter any issues with the room or service or staff... we lived in the pyramid.the room we lived in was always kept clean and tidy.the check in was quick and easy. same as check out.we spent some great time at the pool and the casino of the hotel and everywhere we encountered a very good service and friendly personnel.it's located at the end of the strip but all the linking connections and some connecting trams make it pretty easy to walk around or you can just stay on the territory of the hotel it pretty much has it all - casinos, food court, pool and shots... isn't that's what you're looking for in vegas?
4	Just walked through and went to the diner. Great Reuben sandwiches. Jerry had the prime rib sandwich.
1	The gambling at the Luxor is terrible. No return. And the time share hawkers make you feel like you're in a third world country.  I'll never go back.
4	So, we stayed at the Luxor last weekend for the Memorial Weekend.  I did lots of research on this hotel and was prepared for it to be ok, but not that nice.  I was pleasantly surprised!I had a fine time.  The room was updated and clean.  The hotel was nice, the spa was great and the pool was fun.I really do not know what people are complaining about.  There was nothing that was really that run down or dirty.My only real complaint was the very thin walls!  Our neighbor brought a young lady home...that woke me up!  Oh well,he is on vacation and deserves a little fun.  But the 6 hour fight afterwards, kinda sucked.We called security twice and they came up to confront him in a timely manner.  So that was good.All in all, I would come back to this place in a second.  It is not the Wynn, but I am also not paying $400 a night.  The price is good and the service is fine.Very Happy with my experience!
1	AVOID AT ALL COST!!! Stayed here on my honeymoon in the spa suite that I booked ahead of time and when I check in find out the spa's do not work in any room!!! So its just a "big" bath tub. We took the room anyway 150$ on a Tuesday night. We're offered 50$ in a meal voucher with they didn't input into the computer and had to fight with them at checkout but anyways back to the room. FILTHY!!! Room had puke on one of the pillows and everything smelled horrible. AC was not cold and had the blowing power of an asthmatic person blowing through a straw. There is so much more to say about to the rooms uncleanliness but let's just say the bus stop on the corner is cleaner. TIME SHARE PEOPLE AT EVERY CORNER! I have never been so harnessed in my life. They acted like they were Luxor employees and could check us in as I didn't really notice the badge at first. Once I noticed it was a timeshare scam and started to walk away they yelled at us and started to talk trash cause we  were not interested in the junk they were selling especially after lying to us that they were express check in. AVOID THIS PLACE FOR STAYING OR GAMBLING AT!
4	Stayed here with my parents last fall and I loved it! This was my mom's first time to Vegas in over thirty years and my stepdad's first time ever so we got a nice pyramid room. I was shocked when we first got into the rooms. The design team did a great job, plus they were gigantic. Beautiful, roomy showers too. I loved the food and the layout and especially the Titanic exhibition. Would definitely recommend (especially for the price) and would definitely stay here again.
3	Our room in the pyramid was cheap and relatively clean (the windows were greasy with handprints) and the view was decent. On the other hand, the casino and the rest of the hotel had a run-down/past its prime feeling to it, really wish I stayed here when the place first opened, remember it being much more impressive. The service overall sucks, the waitresses barely come by with drinks while you're gambling and most of them look like Filipino crackwhores and couldn't give two shits about customer service. The buffet was eh, nothing special. By far the worst thing about the Luxor would have to be the ultra-aggressive timeshare people down in the casino. Other reviews on this page mention them, and now I have to as well because everything you read about them is not exaggerated--they are posted everywhere, will stalk you across the floor and not let up no matter what you do short of threatening to kill them. I spent most of my time over at the Mandalay Bay where the waitresses looked much better and actually did their jobs. To sum this review up, stay here if you want a cheap place to stay and don't mind the social shortcomings of the help.
4	Wow. I am absolutely floored by all the hate this place is getting. This is the main hotel-casino I have stayed at when I come to Vegas. Never had an issue. I've come and stayed about 4 separate occasions. No issues to note.  I am not high maintenance, so maybe some people here rating so low need to just relax a bit... Just saying. As for Luxor, they provide unbeatable rates for me since I am comped in their M-Life program. I am not a high roller, nor do I gamble. But despite this, they still give me amazing rates with the free membership. Now, please enjoy my  frugal, money-conscious side as it kicks in.  Why on Earth would you spend hundreds of dollars per night for a room when you can get a solid quality room for a fraction of the price....One that you rarely stay in while in Vegas. That's all I have to say, because there are quality rooms here at the Luxor for quality rates, you just have to do your research. If you are lazy, you will overspend each time you step out of your room in Vegas.The M-Life program spans many hotels other than Luxor, so its a great program to enjoy. It reaches multiple properties, and they share different rate options which will save a lot of green in the end. I use it for everything, and it makes my stays here at the Luxor great. Many things inside are solid, not flashy. Like the buffet downstairs. It doesn't blow you away, but it delivers. Its on par with most of the nicer resort buffets you could go to in town considering price, etc.. Also, the parking is not too far away, so I simply can park and go as I please, even if I am at the end of the strip. Oddly enough, the inside smells of coconut, does anyone else notice this? I love it, and I have no idea why....Its just a little nuance they have, and its awesome.Its a give/take when it comes to exhibits and shows. That has been, and will continue to be the major downfall for the Luxor. The shows here are not great, so that's a major hit to their rating on my end. Carrot Top, he's lame. And I hate magic, its not magic. Inception. Sploosh. And a Menopause musical? REALLY?!?! The only saving grace for entertainment are the exhibits. They are amazing. The Titanic exhibit is a must see, it doesn't matter where you are staying, you must go. Bodies is also a great snag for them to have for the next few years. Very interesting, and makes you think before you go smoking while out on the casino floor. So within reason, these both balance out their ratings to a point. I am not a gambler, so unless I get free points I rarely gamble. Therefore its a wash, haha.Maybe some people should take advantage of those rates and re-rate Luxor. I think they would see the advantages of giving a place a second chance. Although there are many many better options for entertainment down the strip, this place delivers quality, not pizazz or flash with high prices. Come here to stay, have some awesome alcoholic smoothies, and gamble a bit... It gets 4 stars because I never have been screwed with once here, although given the entertainment downsides I'd say its more representative of a 3 /12.... Either way, I plan on coming here each time, and saving money as I do.
1	Back in the day, this hotel may have been one of the best, or not, but it surely isn't one now.For years, I didn't step foot into this hotel since new hotels were opening and such and what a horrible mistake I made.  I didn't have a whole lot of lugguage here, just a couple of jackets and such, since my real lugguage was at the Paris Hotel & Casino.  And apparently, security and other hotel personnel kept checking in on my room when I wasn't there (don't know why, but I could've been on the casino floor or eating somewhere) and on the night I was going to check out, I go into my room and it was cleared OUT! My jackets, my snacks, some money, and other belongings were "thrown out" by the housekeeper. WHAT THE F***?! I was able to claim my jackets, but the money and snacks were gone, their reasoning for doing so, was that they thought we had checked out already.  Luxor is beyond unprofessional and just out right disturbing.  Looking through my stuff and my room to see if I was even staying in the room.  My room key still worked and clearly in the system, it should say the room is still occupied.  Till this day, I'm still angry that they took my $5, cheetos, and a Scooby-Doo keychain I won from the arcade... Who knows what else they'll take from you, just watch out!Also, I hope none of you were infected with Legionnaires disease here at the Luxor, which is contracted through contaminated mist and vapor.  Good Luck.
4	I stayed at the Luxor and I had a really GOOD TIME! (reminiscing....sighh)Yeah, this isn't one of the high class hotels. It's at the end of the strip and the lobby yeah it kinda smells funky. But HECK I had a blast. The rooms are super cool, being that the building is a full on pyramid the actual walls in your room are slanted! Nice little touch.The suites have the tubs right next to your bed, not in the restroom which is normally what I am used to. I really digged that. Their pool area is OK def. more family oriented. They have a lounge downstairs called Cathouse, (confused it for a club go figure its vegas..shit things happens) and LAX but it was closed the Monday I was there. WOMP. For the price that you pay, this isn't a bad hotel. OOH FYI.. the elevators go 100 MPH here, seriously brace yourself.
1	I went a few weeks ago and the water in my bathroom quit running at midnight and when I called downstairs I was transferred and then no one was sent to my room. It was out for six hours. When I had gone down to the front desk to explain that not only had my water been off but I found hair in my bed and the trash was emptied when we got there, the man didnt make eye contact, grumbled that he was sorry for the incovinience and that he would take the $24 resort fee off. Oh and then when I emailed to complain they sent me an email back saying my next trip will be guaranteed the lowest price...Ugh priceline does that.Horrible place. Many of the front desk workers hate being there and you can tell. If you're not going to spend the money to be in a penthouse don't waste your time here they treat you like $h!t otherwise.
2	I think the Luxor needs an update. I don't find it especially attractive inside. Just think of what they could do to the appearance of the hotel room windows to improve the view when you look up inside the pyramid. I can't believe its still so plain and unadorned. The outside of the Luxor draws you in, only to be disappointed by the been-there-done-that interior.  I have yet to stay in one of the rooms and would like to do that, as the slanted walls and view of the inside of the building would make it interesting, but other than that, there's nothing special about the Luxor. Sure the old Egyptian motif was cheesy, but what does it have now? No personality!
3	This is for the Casino only! The machines are nicely maintained and the dealers are nice and knowledgeable , but the payout is generally not that good. Its a nice sized casino too, but could have a better penny slots section.
1	I only have a couple of words.  It stunk.  Literally.  Smelled like burnt food and cigarettes.  The worst stay of my life.  Will never stay here again.I had a great time when I was able to leave this dump and hit the sights.
4	One of those places you want to stay at/visit for the sheer gimmicky feel of it all.If you haven't noticed by the fact that its a pyramid and the Sphinx outside, this place has an Egyptian feel to it.This place has plenty to do here (besides gambling) and whats cool is that its connected by other Casinos/Hotels in case you DO get bored.You come to Vegas for the buildings feeling larger than life and weird/unique. This is no exception.
3	Super long lines for check in (3+ hours) but we got a free upgrade. Room was nice. Neighbors were pretty noisy even though were were supposed to be in a quiet area. Anyway, the hotel/resort is pretty fun, and of avg price. We actually stayed because the room was the cheapest one we found on the strip of Vegas (like 40 bucks!)Good place to stay.
1	After waiting in line for at least 3 hours (no kidding), we finally got our room.  The front desk personnel and the concierge were rude and unhelpful.The pool is operated by a different company than the Luxor, so after buying a 15$ drink we could not even take it to the pool.  Thanks for NOT telling us ! There are timeshare representatives all over the place, be prepared to be asked by 20 persons each day to sign up for their presentation. CAREFUL : if your willing to take 3 hours of your time for a couple of free tickets and some extra money, that's fine, but if you are tempted to sign their contract (Las Vegas Grandview resort) please read all the fine prints before you do so. Misrepresentation and misleading are their speciality.  Jerks.I will never stay here again. Never.
3	Review is just for hotel. This casino isn't bad at all. I do like the how it's different than most casinos, it's like a video arcade for adults. You would think it's a video arcade. It's connected to the Excalibur by a long walkway aka many flat escalators to make the walk faster. There is also trams to the Mandalay Bay if you don't wanna walk. The structure seems nice if you're staying there. You can ppl watch as your going to your room.
1	HIDDEN FEES GALORE!!! HUGE CHECK-IN LINES!!! SCAM!!I booked 4 nights at the Luxor in Feb. of 2012 for mid June. When I made the reservation  I paid up front in full. Nice lady told me that I had paid for everything. In addition to booking for 3+ nights, we would get 1 free buffet (for 2 people) on the house. Here is where the WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER begins! Arrival: get to the Luxor. Check-in line is literally around the whole building - there must have been over 1,000 people in line. Apparently the new 'system' had crashed. 3.5 HOURS later we finally checked in. Got a free drink in line for the 'inconvenience' ...lol, are you serious? No discount? No nothing!?!? Not even a sincere apology. RIDICULOUS! Upon checking in - wrong room. We had ordered 2 queens - they had1 king in the system. hmmmm.... strike #2 ... can't even keep a simple room reservation. Another failure of the new 'system'?Ok, so what about the free buffet we were promised? Oh, I'm sorry sir, we don't have that in our system... WHAT??? Are you kidding me? I actually had to ask for a manager and get heated to get a free buffet comped. (buffet was a joke anyways - good grade dog food) Grand Finale! So, looks like you owe us another $120 in fees and taxes... WTF??? Are you people for real??? $15 a day 'resort fee' + $15 in daily taxes. Don't you think you should have TOLD ME THIS WHEN I BOOKED THE ROOM!?!? Will never be back! I will let everyone I know about the terrible experience I had in the Luxor. Rest assured me and my friends (who spend lots of $$$$ in casinos) will NEVER spend another PENNY in the Luxor (or any of its associating casinos)
2	Its really too bad this place was a let down.  First: checking in was a nightmare! Line was around the building and it took hours to get checked in. Plus be warned that the people in the black jackets do not work there! They are timeshare husseling chizlers looking to trap you into a high pressure sales pitch 20 minutes away from the strip with the lure of a free show. Dont get sucked into that! Better to pay for the shows you want to see rather than spend one of your precious vacation days with sales sharks.  When we finally got to our room it was nothing special.  They charged us $18 per night for internet and didnt even offer WiFi! Since we both brought our kindles we couldn't even use it but of course they still made us pay for the short wire hanging on the wall. WTF! Hello Luxor!! Even every roadside motel has WiFi now!  So on to the pool.  What a huge dissapointment! They have 3 pools: one for the kids, one for the adults and one that you have to pay to swim in.  All three of them were dirty and only go to 3 feet deep. and since no one wanted to pay to swim in the other pool it was completely empty and the other one was standing room only. I've swam in pools at second rate motels that were far much nicer and cleaner.  To top the whole thing off the 2 free buffets that I was promised they ended up charging me for and it was not even  that good. I would have never spent $50 to eat there!  So if you are going to Vegas dont stay at the Luxor, go there and take pictures of the pyramid, the sphinx, and such but STAY somewhere else!
2	Once upon a time, the Luxor was pretty nice. Back in like 2001. Sadly, it is showing its age and even worse, the current owners seem to be picking away at the Egyptian theme and mixing in more "hip" things, like the LAX nightclub. It doesn't work. Grafting more modern things onto the Egyptian architecture looks totally cheesy and desperate. As for the room, the AC was rattling and wheezing like an old smoker on a binge. We also had a broken hairdryer but it was promptly replaced. Our room was fine, otherwise. The pool was great, we bought the day pass into the private area, which was worth it--as the big pool was filled with drunken douchebags and their guid-ettes. All the cool little shops in the Bazaar are closed--there used to be some nice ones. Now there are just some tatty little souvenir kiosks. Next time, I will stay elsewhere.PS 1998 called and wants its wired internet back. Why are we charged a "resort fee" that includes WIRED internet? Who uses that anymore?
1	My husband and I stood at the Luxor from 13th to 16th of June and will not be back. Our room was in the pyramid, 20th floor. First bad thing about is that the elevators are in one corner of the pyramid and if your room is not close to the elevator, get ready to walk! In the pyramid there are no windows, so the air is not really good, A/C must run all day long. In our room, the dust was all over, when I realized it was way too late to call the housekeeping people and I was way too tired after traveling from LA to Vegas and spending the day walking around like crazy. I decided to clean a bit around my bed with a wet towel and notice that the fire sprinkler by the bedside had about  1/2 inch of dust, it seems that nobody looks up when cleaning, plus the headboard, lamps and nightstands had a lot of dust. After cleaning and seeing the white towel become nasty, I decided to hang it in the bathroom, in the vent that was also nasty with dust, to call for the housekeeping attention.To my surprise, when I returned to my room later in the second day, the towel was still hanging in the vent and the dust was still there. I took a picture and sent to the hotel management, from whom I did not hear back until now. I know how hotels work, instead of resolving the problem; they try to please you giving another room, so I did not go to the front desk. Resuming, the dirty towel stood there until my check out. I showed to the front desk attendant my picture and she was nice to cancel the resort fees and apologized, which was nice of her, but still did not make me change my mind.Overall, the Luxor has seen better days, the pyramid is dirty and in need of attention inside and out, from my floor you could see those "buildings" they have put as decoration in the middle of the pyramid and on the top of them the amount of empty cans, cigarette packs, and litter is ridiculous. Clearly there is no attention to maintenance, cleaning and guests well being. Other hardship I had , we went there to meet a friend who was staying also at the Luxor coming from Brazil (so he had no local cell phone). Nobody could find him by his name, I tried the front desk person and by phone. They do not show much good will in helping you. I had to find my ways using contacts in Brazil and everything was good. I could later contact him from my room just dialing his room number. When I did my check out and left to Excalibur's buffet, I called Luxor to speak with my friend and asked for his room number. The operator said that it was an invalid room number... WHAT????? Not only I had been there but also called many times from my room!!!! She asked for his name, I spelled last and first name and she said that he was not at the hotel... WTH?? Again????????? I got REALLY mad and decided just walk back there to meet him, since the lack of interest of those people in helping is just ridiculous! Resuming, the casino is ok, the restaurants are ok, front desk staff is very nice and friendly, operators sucks, and the prices are ok, but honestly, I rater pay a bit more and go somewhere else next time.
3	Luxor is a nice hotel, LAX nightclub is usually rocking, but Luxor seems to be catering to the older crowd. Criss angel and carrot are average, carrot being the better of the two by far, but not many young people venture here, being all the way at the end of the strip.The room rates are fantastic, doesn't get much better on the strip, casino is fairly big, but gets overshadowed by casinos such as Caesars, MGM or Wynn. Mandalay is right next door, and is also a very nice hotel, and luxurious.If you are looking for a more trendy, young, busy crowd, head to hard rock, Caesars, or Wynn. If you aren't looking for a particular place and just want to gamble, lay low and not pay as much for your room, this is a great place.
2	Decent location but the interior is way over due for a facelift.  The hallways/pathways are dark and the rooms are musty.  Plus there's really not much to do (party-wise) down there..  BUT if you're just looking for a cheap room on the strip, it's a safe bet.
3	I thought the Luxor was a nice hotel. The room rates are awesome, we got a suite for two nights for about $550, can't really find that anywhere else on the strip. The room came with two queen beds, a jacuzzi, one bathroom, two flatscreens (one in the bedroom/the other in the living room), and a separate room with couches. It's not at the most convenient location on the strip since it's at the southern end, but as long as its on the strip I'm happy! I thought the elevators were really interesting, since they travel along the slanted  sides of the pyramid. We all felt a little distorted the first time riding up to our room. Our room was facing excalibur and a few other hotels, it was a pretty nice view. I think if you're looking for a newer more trendy hotel, the Luxor wouldn't be a good choice for you. But if you're looking for a more reasonably priced comfortable stay, I think Luxor does the job! Not to mention that their club -- LAX gets pretty poppin', and its really easy to find a promoter to get your crowd in for free (assuming you have an equal girl/guy ratio).
4	I'm not sure why the reviews on here are so negative. Some people are really hard to please. Wow. Nobody said this was suppose to compete with a 5 star hotel like Wynn or Bellagio. I think for the price you get great value for a 4 star hotel. I got a killer rate through my airline as all inclusive that was a no-brainer. Checked other 4 star hotels and they were at least $100 or $200 more a night for two queens. Rooms were clean, lots of entertainment options inside, casino is nice and spacious, cool tunnel link to Mandalay Bay, cool Titanic display, breakfast buffet was nice and quiet after being hung over the next morning, taxis right at the door to anywhere you want to go. Only negative was the hot water took a little while to kick in. So what if the elevator squeaked? You're going up at a 39 degree angle!
5	For the prices Luxor offers a stay at,  you can't beat it. We stayed in the tower in a regular room with 2 queen beds, a flat screen and a jacuzzi. Friends that stayed in the pyramid had a great room as well, but ours was a bit nicer I think. I did not know what to expect from the exhibits at Luxor but all I can say is.. WOW. Totally worth the money to go into Bodies and Titanic. Totally different experiences in each but both are mind blowing I don't want to ruin anything for anyone just go see them. We had a chance to see Criss Angel as well.. Cool show, I am still trying to figure out some of the tricks.Aurora and Flight, the bars in the casino were a great hang for mid day. They have happy hour specials or you can check in on Foursquare and your first drink is buy one get one. Great deal and the bartenders were awesome. They made great drinks and and were very personable.We went to LAX one night and did bottle services. May I recommend Peach Ciroc to everyone since that night! our server was amazing. She was there every time we needed her, our ice was always full and replaced if melting..the security for the tables were a blast. They did a great job but still managed to have fun and engage with the guests that wanted it. While there someone on stage got a bottle.. and people dressed as Starwar's characters brought the bottles out shot out confetti danced and then left. Completely random but so awesome! The music was great as well.While there make sure to eat at Tacos&Tequila. I had the Carne Asada Tacos, and they rocked. All in all, I will be back. This place exceeded my expectations!!!!
1	Terrible experience here. I will never stay here again and encourage you to think twice before booking here. When we arrived, we waited THREE HOURS in line to check in. Apparently they were having problems with a new computer system. We had reserved a spa suite, which was in the pyramid. Once we finally got checked in, I was very eager to see our room. Unfortunately, I was disappointed right off the bat. It kind of looked like a basic, cheap hotel room. First thing I noticed was there was no mini fridge. What kind of suite does not come with a mini fridge? Later in the night we realized that the spa jets in our spa were out of order. Needless to say we were upset, but when we called the front desk, they told us that ALL of the spas in the hotel were out of order. WTF? Really? And yet they neglected to tell us this when we booked, or while we were checking in. I was so frustrated. The only reason we booked the SPA SUITE was because of the spa! Duh! We would have switched our type of room when we checked in if we had been told the jets were broken. The next major problem with our stay at the Luxor was the fact that the maids do not respect your privacy signs. We stayed for four nights, and every single morning, the maids knocked and entered, despite the privacy sign hanging on the door! I have absolutely ZERO patience for this kind of thing. I spoke with several friends who were also staying at the Luxor, and the same exact thing happened to each of them, multiple times. This should never happen at a esteemed, respected Vegas resort. This was kind of the deal breaker that made me decide I will NEVER stay at the Luxor again. I urge you to book somewhere else!
4	i have to break with my peers and say Luxor was pretty cool. while i can understand why some don't like it, i can say i really enjoyed it. some points of interest: * we got an AWESOME rate booking with the EDC groups. and when i say, awesome, i mean A-W-E-S-O-M-E! almost 50% off anywhere else. PLUS, this was a fight night (the night PacMan was robbed), and there were a couple of high profile conventions too. * the layout, although different having an open atrium thingy, was not too difficult to traverse. after a couple trips, i knew my way around.* the pools were cool. not too hard to find seats out there on a saturday afternoon. the cocktailetresses were on top of things. music wasn't bad.* check in was originally slated for 3p. we got in at 10a. after checking back at 11a, we got a room. sweet. * the room was clean, on a floor i requested and the view was of the pool. i didn't even have to drop a tip to the front desk. the bathrooms were very impressive. not like what others have mentioned. plenty of stainless towels and functioning toilet/shower. * beds were comfy, plenty of seating and writing space. we had a flat screen and lots of storage. other than the location being at the far south end of the Strip (hence no 5th star) and a weird gravitationally non-compliant elevator, absolutley NO quams on this hotel. and the drink coupons i put to use right after i got the bags down in the room. all 4 of them! we may consider coming back here.
5	You cant expect a five star hotel with the prices lux offers, but for the money it exceeded my expectations. I stayed in the tower rooms and they were very nice and cheaper than most holiday inns i have stayed at!! When we checked in we were given a coupon booklet that had a bunch of discounts and even a couple of free drink coupons! We opted to check out the exhibits and they were awesome! Bodies is way worth the money to go to and the display is not gory at all given the nature of the exhibit! Titanic was really sweet too! There were also plenty of dining options. If you want a good sit down meal Rice and Co. has incredible sushi! Tacos and tequila has a yummy, decent price mexican menu and good happy hour specials.there is also a food court if you want something quick!The pool was not over-crowed which i loved because I actually was able to find a chair! The casino was also fun, I didn't win anything but I feel like with the drinks the cocktail waitresses kept serving, I came out ahead :) Plus if you are looking for night life LAX is right there in your hotel and its definitely a hot party spot  on the strip.
4	I stayed here for 5 nights recently and I loved it.  The hotel theme is really cool and I have always a big fan of egyptian art.  We got to stay in the Pyramid. We also had a view of the awesome looking lobby from our hallway. The only downside is the elevators which are shaky and ride on a small slant. It's not a deal breaker but it wasn't always pleasant. I'd still go there again despite that.  The rooms are decent, good sized and clean.  They don't have all the amenities (coffee maker, fridge, etc). but they were still nice and the maids cleaned it nicely every day.  We saw the Carrot Top show while were were there which was hilarious and the Titanic Exhibit which was really cool. Our room was also not a far trek from the pool and it was nice to look at the Pyramid from the pool.  The hotel connects to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay hotels without having to go outside.  There were also a lot of restaurant choices and they have a really good buffet deal.  I would go back again if i could but i'd probably want to try out other hotels there just to get new experiences.  I'd definitely recommend it to someone whose never been there.
4	I guess for the price you are paying, you are definitely getting a GREAT deal and the ned is dam comfy.The other great thing about this hotel is that those time share dudes aren't too far away to invite you to there presentation which in turn gives you a ton of free stuff.Only thing is that it is still a little too far from the main part of the strip and they were charging $30 a day for a fridge, and that damn resort fee..(I still don't get what I paid for). I'll stay here again if the deal is right.
1	how do make a neg star rating? When I first stayed here, it was Luxurios. Now it is lack Luxor at most. Smelled bad when first walking in. a long wait to check in, a the front desk was less than 20% staffed. Dont waste time asking the concierge anything. He want knowledgeable about restaurants, shows, or it seemed much of Vegas. The room was sub standard. Smelled slightly better than the main, lobby, but I couldn't get past the mold in the bathroom, or the clump of someones long black chair hair matted on the shower wall. T&T bar was a waste. Bartendet, obviously over burdened by the 30% occupency felt the need to be rude and too busy. Fish tacos are 3 tiny tortillas with a fish stick in it and some bad lettuce. A fish stick! Add on the fee to death add ons, and it isnt worth it. Reminds me more of a cheap motel or dirty circus circus of the past. No stay deal is worth it here. No wifi, theyre stuck in the old days of cables. Wont get work done poolside
3	It was my first trip to Vegas and I feel that it was a nice place to stay. As mentioned in another review the price was great for the place. But, in a survey after our trip they asked if I we had been pampered. Well, we were not pampered. We were set up in a decent room but with the longest walk I have ever had from an elevator/person mover (because the elevators go sideways). I am sure as Vegas hotels go this as good as any but don't expect pampering. The pool set up waqs nice and the interiors there is just about anything you want within the walls if you desire anything. I would suggest for affordable dining hit the deli in the casino for room food versus room service!
1	This place was really nice once but it has taken such a nose-dive now that even the casino bathrooms look like they're in a gas station. The check-in process takes a really long time even when they have most of the windows operating, but the problem for us when we stayed here this past week was that the A/C didn't work. Or more precisely, it runs but it doesn't get any cooler than 80.  We went to our room, it was warm, so we set the A/C on high to cool the room quickly. Didn't happen, as the unit blew warm air, even after we return a few hours later to a still hot room. I got on the phone, which put me through a series of recordings, then an operator (hitting the "front desk" button on the phone takes you everywhere but there) before speaking to a desk clerk to to tell her that our A/C wasn't working and we wanted to switch rooms. While I'm sitting on the bed, which is still made up, I look down and see that the sheets and a pillowcase have BIG, deep yellow stains all over them. They are so big and dark that there is no way the staff didn't see them. And I'm wondering, "what the hell is that?"The front desk told us to come down, and we told a clerk that the A/C in the room wasn't working. She gave us an upgrade to a tower room, which had much nicer furniture and clean bedding. HOWEVER, the A/C didn't work any better at all. We came to the conclusion that they had set the units to a temperature, which seemed to be 80 degrees. We had spent two hours of our trip dealing with the rooms, so we gave up. My husband actually had to pull the chair under the warm vent and slept there because it was cooler than the bed. Sounds like a comfortable hotel, huh?
2	On paper, Luxor seems to be a good bargain.  The room rates are among the lowest on the Strip, and the property seems to be trying to cater to a younger demographic with their nightclub.  This might all be fine for a certain Vegas visitor.  For an inveterate gambler and tourist like myself, however, there are better options for just a little more money.Do what you can to book the Tower room, as I did when I stayed there.  The rooms are newer and nicer than the Pyramid rooms, though you won't get to ride the diagonal elevators (called "inclinators," which actually seem kind of cool).  You also won't worry about some of the problems others have complained about.The parking lot is difficult to find and FAAAAR away from the front desk.  I didn't learn that valet parking was free until *after* I left, even though I asked if there was a closer lot when I checked in.  You would think that customer service would have thought to mention that, but no. You will be assaulted by salespersons the moment you step onto casino carpeting, and you just have to sneak around them, apologizing as you go.  They know you're dragging luggage with you, though, so you're going to run into them sooner or later.The room was nice, but very dark.  With all the lights on, it was still dim in the room.  Fiancee complained about the bed and pillows being awful, but I can generally sleep on anything.  They didn't have a king-size available, and we had to settle for two queens.Luxor sits on the extreme south end of the Strip, and it's difficult to get around without a car or monorail.  I also swear they have two Starbucks on the floor, and they're 10 feet from each other.Conclusion: For the price, you get a fair amount.  The room will be nicer than the similarly-priced Imperial Palace.  The location is far worse, though, so you need to ask yourself why you came to Vegas.  If you want to walk from casino to casino, try another property.
5	So many reviews already. haha. Well I like this place casino. The rooms are standard and I really enjoy over looking the casino down below. If you don't like feeling claustiphobic in your hotel room, this is the place to be. I really had good times in this place, can't say anything bad. Umm....go to LAX or Cat House. Those are awesome. Stay away from Flight, there are better places to get drinks. Oh There is a Vietnamese resteraunt or Chinese resturant there I forgot what it was called. But anyway, diahrea on a plate, bon apetite.
4	Well, I only stayed at The Luxor for one night. So, I didn't really have what you would say "a lot of time to spend there." But let me tell you, that one night was GREAT! Before I stayed here, I read the reviews here on Yelp and there were SO MANY bad reviews that I was deathly afraid to stay here. I think I know why there is bad reviews. Let me explain my story.GOOD PARTS: So, I checked in at around 1-1:30 pm. There was a little wait. Possibly 10-15 minutes. I think this was a GREAT time to check in because I went back down to the lobby the next 2 hours and there was a HUGE line. So, I suggest if you can, coming in at around the time I did. The line moved fast, checking in was perfect and everything went well.GET A ROOM IN THE TOWERS. All of the bad reviews come from staying in the Pyramid rooms. The reason why is because the Pyramid rooms are not renovated, old, gross. Even though The Towers are not exactly in the big Luxor (they are right next door), IT IS WORTH IT. My room was clean, there was a walk in shower, big, spacious, PERFECT. The lobby, room, hotel overall was very CLEAN.SO MUCH TO SEE. Take a lot of pictures. It's pretty amazing when you walk in. BAD PARTS:So, in the room, when I went to turn on the TV, the remote wasn't working. The TV worked, but not the remote. My guess is that there were dead batteries...? Anyways, I call the front desk and tell them my remote isn't working. So, a guy comes up in the next 15 minutes and gives us a remote. Turns out, that remote didn't work EITHER! He's standing in the doorway so I tell him, then he goes "Ok, we'll get you a new one." Well, we leave the room. 2 hours later, there's a new remote sitting on the bed. We go to check it. IT DOESN'T WORK. They never came back to check or anything. So overall, a remote isn't a BIG deal, but I still think they should have fixed it. It was a very minor problem.There were a lot of people working at the Luxor coming up to you and asking, "Are you staying here for another night?" "Do you want free tickets?" "I have some free tickets for this show. Come over here, etc.." See, now I'm 17 and this is only my 2nd time to Vegas, so I don't really know if people in other hotels do this. It did get a little annoying, but whatever you do, if you here people are giving away free tickets, DON'T TAKE THEM. I've heard of people doing that and getting a totally different thing then what was expected which gives this hotel bad reviews. So, if people are coming up to you, just say no and walk away.The shower pressure could have been better (I'm a little picky with shower pressures. I like A LOT of pressure).The bed to me was a little too soft for my taste. I kind of sinked in when I sat in it.The lobby was very noisy but I mean, what do you expect? It's Las Vegas. (Again, little picky things.)------------------OVERALL:Very good stay. The reason it gets 4 out of 5 stars is because of what happened with that remote situation and just little picky things here and there. It does have some things to work on, but listen to my advice and don't pass this hotel up! It's really a big, beautiful hotel. TRUST ME!
4	My husband and I have stayed at this hotel a couple times and it definitely isn't as nice as some of the other ones but well worth the price you pay. I typically get the $40/night rate by signing up for email offers and you just can't beat it. We've always had a clean room and friendly staff. I definitely recommend eating at their all day buffet for $35/person. The food is pretty good and as long as you eat there for each meal (and then some if you're like us) it will definitely pay for itself. The reason for not giving this all of the stars is we were constantly hassled to listen to a timeshare to see a free show. Also, one of the elevators was broken so that was a pain. Oh and stay in one of the pyramid rooms, the elevators go sideways. :)
1	This place sucks!!! So my wife and I just got married and rented a suite here with a jacuzzi in the room to celebrate our wedding night.1. Walking in it smelled like like old used towels. (Must be all the dead bodies in the bodies museum stinking up the place lol).2. Took FOREVER to check in to only find out that the jets in the tub are out of service. 3. Elevators-OMG talk about fearing for my life riding the elevator. It was noisy as hell, we can feel it shaking from side to side.4. The suite was a dump! Pillows were dirty, carpets were dingy and dirty. Furniture was old as hell. The room also smelled bad. I can go on but there is too much to complain about.We didn't even want to be in the room. We ended up just hanging out on the strip until we went to bed and checked out at 4AM!This place needs to be renovated and upgraded ASAP!I repeat DO NOT STAY HERE!!  Spend a few more bucks and go to another hotel on the strip!!!!
2	Meh.... It's allrriiiiiggghhtttNothing special about this place in my opinion. I stayed here the weekend of EDC so there were sooooo many people here. Thus, the staff was in an extra snappy mood the entire time. With so many people, I don't think they were really prepared to handle everyone. No one helped us with a smile, everyone just straight faced and kinda lacking in personality. The rooms were clean enough, but the restrooms didn't have any type of ventilation?? The pool was nothing special either... BUT The valet was awful when we were leaving. We had two cars for our room, my sister and I left a night before the rest of our party and as we were leaving we grabbed the wrong valet ticket. When they brought out our friend's car we explained the situation and the woman acted like we were asking her to move the world instead of just bringing us the other car. It was a HUGE ordeal for her. She was awful, and seriously needed a chill pill.
2	Ill chime in,   Ive stayed here twice, both times in the pyramid.   Its one of the cheaper rooms on the strip, and theres a reason.   The pyramid rooms are really in need of a renovation.  Badly.The A/C  kinda worked.   My room never got below 75 or so,  which is way too warm for a hotel room in the desert.
3	I saw a mummy win on slots here... lucky stiff! Luxor still looks great on the strip, and inside the casino still has a nice feel to it. Although not as old as the real pyramids, Luxor does show it's age, and the rooms are definitely not the type you want to spend time in. The buffet in Luxor is good, with $35 pass getting you all three buffets for a day. If you are doing Vegas on the cheap, Luxor is A-OK!
3	Nice, clean friendly hotel. 3 Starbucks! Holy shiz. The pool is foul dirty and the guys at the bar are rude. The pool is oily with trash floating in it. The one thing that really irked me was the time share people all over the hotel. They are aggressive and rude. I don't care what they're offering, I'm not a dog don't yell at me like one.
3	The Luxor is not so bad and it's not so good either. To start the inclinators (elevators) are rickety and shabby. The rooms look cool upon first seeing them but upon closer inspection may not be that great. Ours for example had several defects. The bathroom door was damaged by moisture near the floor and there was a big dent in the wall near the entrance. The armoire showed signs of wear and even deterioration from moisture. The shower walls have no place to put your shampoo etc - just a soap holder which the soap always slipped off of. The towels never smell fresh - they either smell over dried or bleached. The halls always had stuff outside of messy people's rooms like bottles and glasses and food trays. There was even broken glass. The hotel cleaning people did not clean up the mess fast at all. Some of the stuff was out in the hall for two to three days! Ugh! Worst of all perhaps was the fact that our room was never really cool - probably due to the side of the hotel we were on and how the sun hits it - but still they did not provide good enough AC to remedy the problem.The casino area is not that great looking. The lobby is real cool and so is the entrance through the big sphinx. The monorail service is convenient but really slow and it does not always stop at The Luxor. It goes to Excalibur and Mandalay.Parking is a problem on some nights but they open an overflow lot. The hallway from the lot to the hotel is not air conditioned and it does not have the moving walkways that many Las Vegas hotels have.I would give The Luxor two stars if it were not for the cool "Temptations" gay pool party they have on Sundays. Great ambience and cool music. If you get there before two the entrance is free but after two it costs $20 :( We got in free!!!!
2	Parking sucks.  Thats hard in vegas too. Coming from LA where parking is atrocious this is the only hotel on the strip where you may not find a spot.  The check in process is terrible and most of the people working there don't realize they work in the "HOSPITALITY industry" You cant go to or from your car without being harassed by timeshare vampires. The lobby is pretty cool and has a great design but who really cares? The rooms are ok but the a/c sucks. Every night I have stayed there the fire alarm goes off in the middle of the night. no lie.  The checkout process may be longer than the check in process, but they have an express check out.  It got the 2nd star because its cheap and on the strip.
1	I have stayed in the Luxor many years ago and it was actually pretty nice. I knew the place had gotten old and only booked the room because I was in town for a convention at the MGM which is right across the street. I was prepared for the room to be average and not so nice so my low scores are not based on that. I wasnt expecting a 5 star stay, but what happened over the course of the week was disgusting and so wrong! First of all Ammenities: - Rooms are old and out dated - Furiture was scratched and broken in some places -Bedding was comparible to a motel six - NO WIFI! - No central A/C so the room doesnt get cold.ok now lets move on to the real reason I will NEVER stay here and will warn everyone I know not to. My Macbook Laptop was stolen from my room while I was out all day. I left my room at 7:00am when I returned at 11pm the laptop was gone. I searched everywhere before calling to file a complaint. They sent up a security officer who had me fill out a voluntary statement. Once that was done I realized I had no way to charge my cell phone, because I was using the outlet on my laptop. I went to the front desk and asked for a manager. I explained to him that my laptop had been stolen from my room and I had just filled out a report, but that I have no way to charge my cell phone and was hoping the hotel could let me borrow one for the remainder of my stay. The manager was so rude!! He told me that I could go to security and see if they have a charger in lost and found, why would they give me someone elses property! I told him I am not familiar with the hotel can he show me where to go. He pointed into the casino floor, never even looked up. I told him I couldnt believe after being stolen from in their hotel that he was not more willing to assist me in which he replied " look lady if I had a charger in this drawer id give it to you, but i dont. Itd not my fault you cant charge your phone." WOW you would think he could have at least walked me over to security to try to help me. I eventually found the security station. They told me they have a charger but I would have to plug it in and wait for it to charge! 6 hour wait and its 2 in the morning. I told her I have to get up at 5am and cannot wait, so she suggested I leave my phone there. WHAT! after my property was just stolen! I ended up having to buy a $45 charger from the gift shop. On top of that when I went back to my room to get into bed the sheets had chocolate stains all over. I called the front desk who told me they could have a sheet change done in 90 mins. I told her I could not wait that long as I needed to get some rest and had a big day the next day is there any one who could come sooner. She replied that they have limited house keeping and I shouldnt expect so much, there isnt anything I can do. WOW! The next day my husband came to join me, when he arrived he came to the valet. The valet told him the lot was full and he couldnt not park. I was on the phone with him walking to greet him- my husband said I am a guest here is there another place I can park myself. The valet said no this is your only option, but if you give me $100 I'll work it out for you. I told my husband do not give him any money I will be right there with a manager. While I was waiting for the manager the valet was telling my husband you better move your car or I'll make you move it. My husband replied to him trust me you dont want me to get out of this car..when the manager came to help me he told me that there is self parking around the back....WHY did the valet tell us that....loh yeah because he is trying to STEAL $100 from us!!! The manager did nothing and told us he has to side with his staff. At the end of the day nothing was done about any of this. The manager we spoke to at check out was rude and unhelpful I asked them to refund the room and was actually asked why would we do that? was there anything you didnt get that was promised? WOW how about common customer service and all of my belongings with me during check out. Also regarding my laptop I have called risk management over 10 times and no one has called me back. I finally got a hold of someone yesterday who told me the only person who used a key besides myself was the maid. They said she told them she didnt take it so the investigation is closed. There are so many great places to stay in Vegas the Luxor is not one of them. I made sure the 16,000 people at my convention about what happened to me and I warn anyone reading this to spare themselves the same experience I had.
1	I haven't stayed at this hotel in over a decade, since going on a family trip when the hotel was rather new, and in my adult life now, after my last short experience there, I never would on my own. I went to the hotel to meet a client for dinner.  I walked and saw what looked like it was the front desk.  It wasn't.  I asked the guy if he knew where the restaurant in question was, he said "oh would you like passes to it? we can get you in just come over here and talk to her" and that's when I realized it was one of those timeshare things, so I said I only wanted to know where the restaurant was in the hotel because I was late for the meeting anyways.  The lady behind the desk goes "let me see your credit card and ID"  ...WHAT?! I know those folks are pushy, but what gives them the right to demand me to hand over my ID and cc before they even explain to me what it is they're doing and why they need it?  It's bad enough that they lied and said I would need passes to get into the restaurant, but to ask for that is irresponsible and it's pathetic that a reputable hotel would give such shady business people space inside their hotel lobby.At that point I just walked away and decided to find the restaurant on my own.
2	I recently went to the Luxor and was immediately confused.  This place is so odd, you better bring bread crumbs to find your way back.  I kept seeing elevators saying they only went to certain floors and was trying to understand the map I did find of the joint.  Eventually I had to ask a dealer at the BlackJack table where the food court was.  We walked right past it when we went inside.  We didn't take the stairs up like we should have.  But, hello, mark your casino!  I like big glowing signs with arrows pointing me in the right direction.  There would be signs and then nothing.  We finally got up to their food court.  We got our food and proceeded to have our napkins blown off the table by the oscillating air conditioning.  I don't know if this was an issue at other tables, but even the food bag blew off the table the wind was so strong.  The layout of this casino to me is just odd.  Oh, and if you want to get married, you are in luck!  The chapel is right by the food court so you can just shuffle your wedding party to the food court for your wedding reception.  Bad location IMO for a wedding chapel!  I gave this place two stars because I liked the angled ceiling and the outside of it is cool(I love the themed unique casinos in Vegas, not sterile look the same casinos).
2	If I could, I'd give 2 and a half stars. It was not bad for the money. My boyfriend and I stayed one night there for our 21st b-days and for the most part, it was fine for us. I like how at check in, you get a coupon book with a lot of free and half price stuff. We got one free drink each and free admission to a night club, LAX, which was nice. However, I wouldn't recommend The Cat-house. It's very small and smokey and the drinks I got were horrible. We also got other coupons to restaurants in the Luxor and Excalibur.  The room was nice and updated, there was one corner where the wall paper was starting to peel, but it was no big deal. The bed was very comfy! I did notice a couple weird things, I left my laptop on the desk in the room, plugged up to the wired internet. When we came back, it was unplugged and the cord looked like it was thrown behind the desk and the alarm clock was also going off, which we did not even set. We put a do not disturb sign on the door, but I don't know, I kind of felt like someone came in. Nothing was missing, thankfully. When we first got there, we wanted to leave our bag with the bell desk and the people there were very rude. But we got the bag checked and then at check in, the people there were very nice. What I'd like to see less of are those annoying time share people. They try to stop everyone and even when you say no and walk away, they're still yelling out to you.
3	The cheap and tacky pyramid and Egyptian take at this hotel is cute, but that shouldn't throw your opinion off about this place. It's at a fantastic location, just minutes from the airport and still on the strip-though at the beginning. But it has a lot to offer besides the funky decor, the interior is gorgeous and there's a of food and exhibits. At the front desk is Evening Call, so you can already pick up drinks as you check in! We arrived and made online reservations and got assisted right away. They gave our room away, but I told her we were there for my birthday, so she hooked it up in the East Tower (the older part of the hotel) with a KING size suite.No wait at the front desk and were quickly accommodated.  It was awesome, but it was quite a walk and it's actually away from all the casino and the rest of the hotel. But quiet and comfortable is what I enjoy. The hotel came with free drink vouchers among st other complimentary things. The room itself .. some of the reviews are right. It's not as CLEAN as you would expect it, but it was neat and sanitary. There were some old spots and the sheets seem used, so we called in room service and had those exchanged quickly. The bed was super comfortable and bouncy! The bathroom was huge with a tub AND a shower, which was my home made hot tub since I had no idea where the pool was. The hotel itself has lots of restaurants and lounges, as well as a gentlemen's nightclub. It also is connected to Mandala Bay and Excalibur which has a tram that takes you there, so a rest up on your pretty feet from those heels. Sucks there wasn't wifi, but I was on vacation so I just wanted to enjoy myself. What did suck was the room didn't have free coffee which I'm so used to. The bathroom was well stocked with toiletries and fluffy, CLEAN, white towels. The AC/Heater was old school, but worked like a charm. Sadly, being in the old part of the hotel our room view wasn't sexy what so ever! Regardless, it was a cheap and good stay for our quick Vegas trip. Would be back especially if on a budget on the strip looking for a good time.
3	Pros: * Great ambiance. I loved the decor and overall theme of the hotel. * Amazing view - at least my room had a superb one. Could not ask for better. * Comfortable bed. * A flat screen television that actually worked - many of the other hotels on the strip that I have stayed at had 2-5 working channels. This one had plenty to choose from. * The buffet downstairs is decent. Cons: * The elevators are terrifying. Seriously. I felt as though I would potentially die in those elevators - no matter which one I was in. They shake SIDEWAYS! * Popcorn ceiling. Am I being picky, now? Perhaps. * The first set of room keys I was given did not work. It took over 30 minutes to get through to a representative (calling from my cell since I did not want to drag all of my luggage down to Registration again). Finally Security let me in and mentioned that its a common occurrence. * The elevators (yes, back to those again - I know), were just very inconveniently placed, to say the least. I had to walk a mile every time I wanted to go to my room. I also had to use my room key in the elevator - they are programmed to be room specific. * The sink in the bathroom made a loud gurgling sound all night long - had to keep the door shut. All in all, I was happy being there. Always wanted to stay in the giant pyramid. Had a good time!
1	The words "CHEAP" and "TACKY" is the only way to START describing this lousy place.  Recently I stayed at this dump of a place and had THE worst Vegas experience ever.The carpet was wet from some sort of plumbing issues and the room naturally smelled like a dead rat.  When we notified the front desk and management, all we got from them was WORTHLESS sorries.  No offer was made to switch us to a room that would have been at least bearable, and no offer to comp the room due to the unbearable stench.  To make matters worse, at checkout their incompitant employees lost one of my bags.  When I got back to LA and realized that one of my bags were missing, I immediatly notified their management.  But even at this point, they were trying to put the blame on me.  Keep in mind that, my lost item claim was for two pairs of shoes adding up to roughly $100.  Rather than accept responsibility for their faults the stupid manager was trying to tell me that "it was unclear at what point the shoes were lost".  So I had to tell this dumb ass that it was EXTREMELY CLEAR where the shoes were lost.  The bell hop took all of our luggage from the room and nothing was left unpacked.  Then the bell hop delivered the luggages to the car.  Therefore are some point within that time frame is when the items were lost.  Consequently the problem happened while the shoes were in their exclusive control.  After a few hours of dealing with this annoying matter, these idiots finally stepped up and accepted responsibility.The point is that their level of service and customer care is just as lousy as their dump of a hotel.  My advice to you folks is, avoid this place at all costs because you would be better off that way.
3	Not nearly as great as it used to be.  3 things that disappointed me- 1. You have to PAY to use part of the pool, even if u r a guest.  Tacky.  2. Their hard sales techniques are annoying as hell- I must have been asked 10 times while walking through the lobby and casino "Are you coming back again next year sir?" and 2-3 times a day the message light in my room would start blinking, only to find out it was a sales/promotional message trying to get me to use the spa or something.  3. Finally, you have to pay an extra "resort fee" now with every room reservation.  Again, this is tacky- just raise your rates slightly and eliminate this extra fee.  It's like the airlines charging u to check a bag- nobody likes it!
2	This hotel needs some serious renovation. We were so stoked to get a suite with a jacuzzi to find that it was broken and they were "in the process" of removing jacuzzi tubs from the suites. Well, gee...wish we knew that when we searched for hotels to stay at in Las Vegas (total false advertisement). Having a jacuzzi tub in our suite was the determine factor between there and Rio. If we knew Luxor was totally bogus about having certain commodities in their room, we would have chosen the Rio with much BETTER buffet layout. Service was okay. We stayed here for a week and the service just got irritating as they wanted tips for every little thing. I don't mind tipping, I get it. I guess in America, doing your job and showing a little kindness requires a bit of tip. Wish I get tipped for putting in extra hours after school to tutor my students. I don't plan to stay at this hotel again, unless they renovate a few things. The gym was clean and I enjoyed the fact that you could borrow earphones, towels, and they provided water. That was probably the best part about this hotel. Other than that, I don't plan to stay here again. Valet team was decent. Baggage lady broke the straps on my husband's luggage and dropped my body wash bottle, so it was bent out of shape. We were wondering why they were packing up our trunk super fast. Overall, 2 stars. I was at the EVO 2012 gaming convention at Casaer, so we were there most of the time. Casaer was super expensive, so unfortunately this time we didn't find a good deal for it. Rio still has the best buffet in my opinion! I love the Carnival World Buffet, especially the noodle soup stand and crabs! :)
3	This was the first hotel I ever stayed in Vegas, and again, it's a cheaper hotel, so it's nothing super fancy. I like the whole pyramid feel, but I didn't feel the hotel had that much more to offer. We had stayed here since BMG were originally at this hotel, and it's just too far off the strip, that you're a bit isolated from all the action. The rooms were just okay. I probably wouldn't stay here again just because it's so far from everything else.
3	The room we got was decent, but nothing special for how much you pay (on a weekend it was over $100+ a night).  As others have mentioned, if you dont pay the extra, you stay in the pyramid and not the towers, and the rooms are similar to a motel style, with its musky smell and dim lighting.  The location was decent though, right on the end of the strip, and close ride from the airport.  I'm not a fan of how hotels in Vegas tack on a resort fee for nothing...the pool wasnt even open for the season yet!The gambling area was also decent, not as glitzy as some of the other casino areas towards the middle of the strip, but we were a fan of the $10 tables.  The dealers were helpful and tried to teach us as well.
3	Convenient to the airport, well-priced, and there are a lot of activities happening on site. You can walk to the two hotel on either side with ease. Though, for any hotel, 36 hours is plenty!!
1	I have officially renamed this hotel to the SHITSOR, because that is exactly what it is! We had stayed here a couple years ago and found it to be nice for the price. So when it came time to book our trip we chose it with the hopes that it would be as good as last time. We were wrong on so many levels! It started when we got to the hotel and had to wait 20 minutes to even pull into valet. The bell hop was rude and did not know the first thing about customer service. When we got inside we were greeted by the oh so welcoming smell of milldue and wet carpets with a touch of fast food. We got to the counter and we were barked at by the lady to hand over our credit card and Id. When she pulled up our reservations she said we owed an extra 50$ then what I had on my confirmation print out. We immediately challenged her and she snapped at us that she would get a manager. Well the bell hop could have been the manager at this rate because the guy who came over the so called "manager" knew nothing. They couldn't figure out how we could have possibly got the rate we did. After the lady made a couple more snappy comments she corrected the price and we were sent to our room. It took at least 20 minutes to wait at the elevators to get up there. Once in the elevators we quickly learned that we be praying for our lives quite a bit this weekend. The elevators shook as if we were on the ride tower of terror. They had dints and dings, it looked as if someone has shot a gun and watched the bullet bounce around. The tile was cracked and the mirrors looked as if they could still have Elvis's finger prints on them. Once exiting the elevator We were shocked to find scraped up walls, dirty carpet and a full blown smell of the greasy McDonald's that was directly below our room. Our room was extremely outdated, the floors were dirty and the shower barely had water pressure. House keeping was a night mare. Your sheets don't get changed and your room doesn't get cleaned. We put a chair up on the table to take an automatic picture and it stayed there the entire trip. Just for entertainment we left a carton of empty cigarets open to see if the maid would clear the trash and of course she didn't. The worst was my friend who had a little to much fun the first night got sick on the already crusty ground and of course she cleaned it up with a towel but it needed to get vacuumed and actually gone over by a maid. They never even cleaned any of it up and it was clearly visible it was bright red!!! The second night we laid a towel down over the area to cover it. The next day the maids preceded to just walk on the towel as if nothing was wrong! Gross! The two most appalling parts or this hotel were one the room service carts with old food on them that lined the hallways we kept track they stayed there for over two days collecting more trash, old food, and mold. The second worst thing was the moldy flowers in the lobby. They have two large vases filled with orchids that are dead and the water is covered in a couple centimeters deep of mold. The food at the restaurants was terrible not to mention the coffee tasted as if they had grabbed it off the rotting room service carts and microwaved it before serving it to us. I have stayed at some shitty hotels one being the Sahara I mean it does not get worse than that but I would pick that over Luxor at this rate.The funniest part of this whole situation was when we were walking through Excalibur and a customer service rep stopped us and asked if we wanted a free weekend at the Luxor not strings attached. My friend and I both looked at each other and busted out laughing saying NO!! He asked why we wouldn't want a free weekend in Vegas we responded with have you been in that place? He looked confused. He obviously has not!! If you are considering staying here RUN!! DON'T do it!! You will regret it! This hotel is marked as the suicide capital of the US on one website and I cannot imagine why!
4	I don't know what all of the bad reviews of this place are about, probably from priceline/travelocity leeches that got crappy rooms because they wanted to low ball the hotel rates.. but this place isn't that bad.  We had a Luxury Spa Suite on the 30th floor, and although they are no longer running 'Jets' on the Spa.. The room was pretty comfortable, albeit smaller than expected, and the bed was pretty comfy.  The lighting is relatively dark, but not too bad, but OMG the view that we had of Mandalay Bay and the valley behind it was absolutely stunning.  The staff wasn't rude like most reviewers say they are.  We were checked in relatively quick, and when I had a concern that I brought to the M-Life desk, which was the wrong desk by the way, the guy was nice enough to help me anyways.   The elevators are scary.. but in a fun way.  I loved how one of them kept opening on the 29th floor for no reason what so ever.. maybe a ghost?The pool was fun, live DJs, plenty of sitting space to lounge out on the chairs, the pools were only 3 feet deep which I think is stupid, but I guess they're looking out for lawsuits or drownings.. but cmon... 3 feet deep?  Why even have life guards, who the heck is going to drown in those pools?  Midgets?  The pool bar was cool, the guy at the pool bar got me the bucket-o-beer and was telling me some funny stuff about the week prior when they had the flash flood how everyone went flying out of the pool and back into the building the second 3 rain drops hit the floor.The gaming area is definitely laid out cool, and the tables are right near the front of the casino instead of waaaay in the back surrounded by freaking slot machines, and I like that.   What I didn't like about the gaming area is that you have more of a chance of winning the lottery than making even .50 cents at this casino.  Their payouts sucked the big one, just take my word on that one.All in all, it was a fun trip and the Luxor is a place you should stay if you get a middle to higher end room.  Would I return?  Sure... just not any time soon... Next time its the Bellagio or something a little more classy.
3	Four stars for our check-in and room experience.One star for everything else.Check-in: we waited maybe 10 minutes. Not bad for a larger hotel. Probably because it was a Sunday. Front desk agent was cordial enough. We had booked a Pyramid room but I asked if any tower rooms were available. She said yes, and booked us in a Tower Suite, no charge. She also waived our resort fee. Probably had something to do with us being on our post wedding escape (aka Honeymoon).Room: I had heard awful things about the rooms at the Luxor, but ours was actually very pleasant. I wasn't a fan of the design and general coldness of the bathroom (no door separating the toilet from the rest of the bathroom). I love my husband but there needs to be a way to do your business while the other person is blow drying their hair! Otherwise everything seemed new and clean. Comfortable bed and nice living room.Everything Else: God I hate the staff here and the sharkish nature they emit. I feel like a minnow in a shark tank here...they are circling around the edges of this glass pyramid of a fish tank looking for their next meal. And if you try to escape, they will bite your head off. I've learned to not talk nor look at any of the staff here. For example, we asked a staff member where to find something in the casino, and he didn't want to tell us but was very rude when we indicated we did not want to listen to some sales spiel.Damn this place is confusing. I know that is part of the intention to confuse people so they can't figure out how to escape...but I kept losing track of how to get to the Tower Rooms.
1	The Luxor has had its time, but the hotel has not been maintained I would not recommend it to anyone.  First of all the rates are misleading because at check in you will be charged a resort fee of $20.00 per night, so expect to tack an extra $20 to any rate you are quoted per night.  Secondly be prepared for a rundown dirty room (torn carpet, chipped paint, damaged furniture, poor air conditioning units) and expect long waits at check and on the elevator everytime you go in/out of your room.  Overall this hotel is definelty near the bottom of all the choices you have on the Las Vegas strip.
1	Vegas is a turd, plain and simple, and the Luxor exemplifies all that Vegas has become since its decline from the golden era. So, the Luxor. The building is rundown, and ill-maintained. Rude, rude, rude staff are everywhere. The notion of service in Las Vegas is a thing of the past, and again, this is typified by just how crappy the Luxor is. The room, while tired in appearance, was acceptable, but very mediocre for a strip "super hotel". The bartenders at their in-house bars were the rudest asses, and needed to have their noses bloodied for the snide, snobby comments and smarmy, rude, conceited attitudes. No tips for them. Wankers. Just an all-around bad experience. I couldn't wait to leave the Luxor, and the city, too. The novelty of the shape of their building is their only lure. One really can't help but stand on an indoor balcony a few floors up, and admire the engineering. But as for the hospitality...these people have no concept of guest care or hospitality. It'll be too soon, if I never again visit Las Vegas.
2	Old and out dated. Expect to wait a long time for check in. Really far from the action. Do your legs a favor and spend a bit more closer to middle of the stripWe had ice thrown close to us in the lobby from the upper levels and laser pointers in our faces while gambling. Won't go again.
4	I've been going to Vegas almost 20 years now, and the very first trip I stayed at the Luxor.  I've since stayed at about 10 other hotel/casinos, but the last 2 years I keep going back to the Luxor.  Part of it is I now get free rooms, that keeps me coming back.Ultimately its not as exciting as some of the newer, nicer hotels.  I think the gimmicky aspect will date it severely in the next few years.  The new trend is just upscale, nice, and not themed (like Aria, etc.).  Still, I enjoy staying here.  They treat me well, there's plenty of dining options both in the Luxor or within a quick walk either towards Excalibur or Mandalay.  I drive to Vegas from Phoenix, so its easy for me to get around.  I can see how the Luxor would be inconvenient if you didn't have a vehicle and didn't want to spend a fortune on cabs either.  None the less, I'll still keep going back.  I'm one of those people who doesn't want to totally slum it, but I'm not looking to spend all my funds on the hotel room when I'm barely in it.  Luxor will keep me coming back at least for the next year at a minimum.
1	Warning!!! Nothing is guarenteed!! For my 40th Birthday my friends and I wanted to go to Vegas. We booked the flight and hotel package located at several places on their website. We could only book two of us, since there was no option to make plane reservations from more than one location. We chose Luxor because it gave us two queen beds as an option....unitl you've already paid. THEN you get the notice that it's not guarenteed. So, instead of looking foreward to a plesant stay, I have to worry that my friends will be out in the street. SAVE YOURSELF THE WORRY AND HEARTACHE AND BOOK SOMEWHERE WHERE WHAT YOU WANT IS GUARENTEED!!!!!!!!! PLEASE SAVE YOURESEVES! IT'S TOO LATE FOR ME!
2	While the room itself is decent for what we paid, the casino itself with the people who work there are total failure!!    Dont expect to have a fun gamble and get you drink when you play with brick face dealer who is sitting there emotionless like a robot machine.  For the time I spend there gambling, I never had the drinks serve and bartenders in a bar dont care to talk to you unless you flush your cash for their tip.  If you on a budget,I recommend for  you to stay at Luxor but party and gamble somewhere else.
1	Sure glad this hotel is set for renovation this year. Too dark, too dirty and I don't like waking up to ants. The bed sheet was stained. At $56 a night, we got what we paid for!!! Never again unless we get a suite!Currently I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone! I wouldn't want my dog to stay here with the current conditions.I will be happy to try it again after renovations are complete.
3	Very average. Ants in my room!  Going back to the Luxor next time
3	I have to travel to Vegas several times a year for business. I've stayed at a lot of hotels and the Luxor has been my choice based solely on its convenience. That's not to say that it's perfect though. The lack of wifi really hurts the rating as having to hardline in is just super inconvenient when you are a writer who needs to hit deadlines and prefers to write from bed. Luxor is solid though for gambling as I've paid for many trips with winnings from the blackjack tables.
1	I have travelled to Vegas numerous times and pretty much call Monte Carlo my "home" there but I found a good deal at Luxor so tried it this summer.  It won't happen again.  At check-in, while my room was ready because I had worked through a host, they did NOT have a room for my mother and 2 kids on trip with me.  Her vacation was booked WITH MINE and paid for months before.  They had her reservation....just no ROOM.  After 30+ minutes of searching for a room for her, they found one that would be ready in 30 more minutes.  It was 11:30 PM at this point, mind you , and we had been travelling since that AM with 2 kids in tow...but we waited it out in the casino while my boyfriend took the kids up to our room.  The front desk had given him the wrong room ### so as he was trying to access "our room" with the kids, the actual occupant of the room approached him asking why he was trying to get in to his room....He called the front desk and finally got into our room with the kids.  After the time passed for mom and the kids room to be ready, we headed over there...ALL the way on the complete other side of the hotel.  We opened up the door - and surprise!!!  Someone was OCCUPYING the room.  Not only was I know much MORE aggravated as it was about 1:30 AM now and we had traipsed from one end of the hotel and back again only to get the wrong room ### and then a room that was NOT EMPTY!  Now I was also uncomfortable with their safety standards at the Luxor.  What if we had not been honest people - the occupants were not in the room - only their stuff was there...we could have cleaned them out!!!!  Finally at 2 AM, they did finally find a room equivalent to the one I had booked for my mom and kids and we were lucky enough to be on the same floor.  That really set the tone for the entire trip though and while the Luxor did credit back a couple of hundred bucks for the mess up, I would rather have had a smooth start to this vacation.  It wasn't worth the savings or the comp they credited back to us.The rooms were incredibly dated and difficult to cool as they still work on the older window type units rather than having a thermostat control anything.  The TVs were small and not flat screens.  The jacuzzi bathtub was broken.  They WERE very spacious and the staff did send up a "sorry" tray of biscotti and desserts, which was a nice gesture - but should have really gone to the room the kids were in, not to our room.    The casino was less than friendly, the service at Flight, the bar on the casino floor was incredibly unprofessional....it was just not a good experience overall.  I won't be returning to the Luxor and would not recommend either.
2	I checked in my 15th floor room, was good with nice view, yesterday. Then this morning, the ants swarmed the room. So they moved me to the suite on the 2nd floor with windows facing the big wall of next building.About WiFi.... There is NONE! Just wired ethernet which is NOT long enough to reach the sofa in the living room. To use the ethernet, you need to stand up and put your laptop next to the TV...On my next trip, I will stay at other hotel.
4	I came here for by buddy's bachelor party. The rooms were nice, beds were comfortable, shower had nice tile surrounds, but the shower head seemed like a builder's special (nothing special about it). The front desk staff seemed attentive. The biggest downside is the pool area. It was very ordinary for the theme of the hotel. At peak times the once single bar for the whole pool area had 15-20 minute lines.
1	$100 a night was the deal which included a $25 food voucher.  Not a bad deal.However, here's what we got.  As soon as we checked in, we got hit with a $20 fee per night for pool and "wi-fi".  I put wi-fi in quotations because it was actually ethernet without a desk.  Luxor wi-fi does not exist.Here's what we got in the room!  A toilet that wouldn't flush correctly, a bathroom light that stopped working on our final night of our stay, an iron without an ironing board, and a crappy AC unit.  No coffee, no fridge, but we did have a lovely, gigantic, tear in the wallpaper with bare studs to enjoy.We thought the $25 food voucher would be nice, but it was only for their most expensive restaurants, Tender and Rice.  Tender, which was business attire only, and Rice which was $10 per nigiri order.  ::roll eyes::The best part was that the TV shut off right at the 11:00 checkout time, tacky!It felt like an overpriced motel that smelled like pot.  Yuck!I feel as though Luxor is on it's way out.  There is nothing Egyptian about it inside, but they do have an Aztec pyramid! ::shrug::Though I will say from an architectural standpoint.  It's a giant BLACK pyramid in the DESERT.  The most surface area in the best color to absorb as much heat from the sun as possible. Bravo!
5	Lots of people are slamming the Luxor here, but we had a great time and would stay there again in a heartbeat. Yes-- it's an older casino/hotel and it is showing age. We still chose to stay in the Pyramid because, well, you're staying in a pyramid and even the elevator goes sideways. It has a great view from the top floors too. Yes-- there are people trying to sell you timeshare stuff-- but so is every casino, even the higher end ones. Yes, they have no wifi and there is an ethernet cable. Why are you in your room using the internet when you should be out in Vegas or the surrounding area? Yes, the rooms are dated, but ours was comfortable and made us happy, and it had a cool view too. We booked through Expedia in a package, and the only extra fee that we had was what Expedia told us in the agreement when making the reservation. The jets in our suite were down in the jacuzzi, which did suck, but they gave us a $.150 meal voucher in addition to giving us enough drink coupons to drink for free in the casino for the entire week that we were there... good enough for us as the drinks are pricey. This was a base for us as we were out hiking and doing things in Vegas, and as a base, it's a good place. The bars are fun, the casino has a good feel to it, and overall, it was a positive experience. We even got a free show (Cirque Du Soleil's Ka at the MGM) for staying for a week too, and those tickets aren't cheap. Instead of getting charged for things, we got a great deal. Again, give it a chance at least-- some of the people on here seem to have a hard on for making negative comments. You aren't at the frickin' Venetian, you're at a regular Joe place-- and I personally like that better anyway.
1	Disgusting RESORT FEE  their wifi was only the wired Ethernet  could not find it in the room could have been behind the tv armoire. We had our iPad with us thinking we wouldn't mind the fee thinking we could use the wifi during our stay, but no.   The fee with the tax on it was an insult. Nothing special about the hotel, we will. Be staying elsewhere
3	I shopped around on vegas.com and chose the Luxor, deciding that it was the best value: not the absolute cheapest hotel in Vegas (because those were gross), but moderately priced and still nice. My husband and I stayed at the Luxor for our honeymoon and I enjoyed our time. Positives: I love the Egyptian theme and I think it's well done. It doesn't look tacky. It's fun to walk around inside and outside and see the details of the design.The pool area is very nice, except for the fact that the pyramid reflects the sunlight on you and threatens to burn your skin off (!). The Pyramid Cafe was yummy and reasonably priced. The person who came up to our room to pick up our bags was extremely professional and courteous.There are a 2 Starbucks and a fro-yo place inside! Happy times.Negatives: The resort fee ($18/day) did surprise us, but I'm sure that is true for every hotel on the strip. The entire hotel is smoky, but that is definitely true for everywhere on the strip. It took us almost 2 hours to get through the check-in line. The rooms were not as nice as they had appeared online. We had a King suite, and it was extremely small and old-fashioned. Our hotel keys stopped working multiple times, and since you need them in the elevators, this was extremely annoying. We saw this happen to other people in the elevator too. When we went to get replacement keys, the front desk person was rude.I would stay here again, mainly because I've seen the other affordable hotels and don't think there's anything better that we would be willing to splurge on. Plus there's so much to do in Vegas you don't really need to have much more than a bed to lie your head on at the end of an exhausting day.
3	Large hotel, cool pool, nice rooms, but it is old and kid friendly which i hate!!!PRO's-It is very impressive walking into the lobby and looking up in the pyramid at the rooms lining the edges.  I got upgraded to a suite so that was nice.  Kind of a long walk to the suites (suites are not in the pyramid) room was very big about 500 sq feet.  Big windows, really big bathroom with jet tub, and sep shower, free wifi, fridge, big tv and entertainment center.  Valet was actually very fast.  The best part of the hotel was the pool.  Lots of room to sit, and really large pool to swim or relax in, and cheap drinks and affortable restaurants.CON's-beds sucked.  pillows were crap, and the hotel hallways had a old mildew smell.  Parking garage is only 2 floors so it takes forever to find parking.  Worst of all is the checkin.  I got the free checkin because I bitched about the 42 min wait to check in.  I have never stood in line that long for checkin and during peak hours of check in (2pm-4pm) it would be wise for a hotel to have more then 6 windows open.  Also to many dam kids.
2	Solid 2 stars, service is at bare minimal and often with an attitude. Lines everywhere, even for checking in bags. Seems like nobody cares whether I come back or not. Hotel and rooms are old, often dirty. Elevator feels like its about to drop to the ground due to building shifting to 1 side. There are better places on the strip for the same price. This place has a tram to Ex Caliber and Mandalay Bay, but not to any other hotels. Bars have no service. Casino has generally relatively poor service.
1	Horrible stay!! Never again one of the rooms gave my sister a nasty rash. Got charge with room damage for something that was broken already! And for that we got kicked out and when we tried to talk to a manager about it  we were escorted by officers to leave we couldn't even leave a complain. I don't recommend it!
4	I stayed here on an off-night and it was only around 40 bucks. Loved the room we had with the view and the hot tub. Both the exterior and interior of this hotel/casino are really cool looking. Criss Angel's show is here and it's a fun one to watch. No real complaints.
2	I remember when this place was new, very nice.  Now; the place does not look or smell very good, bed kinda crappy, bathroom needs to be updated and repaired.  You can see it everywhere, the maintenance needs to improve and it's time to update.  Parking area is too small and dirty, power wash that sucker, while you at it power wash the whole exterior!  Staff very friendly and helpful though..
4	I enjoyed my stay at the iconic pyramid! I would stay there again.  They provide you with a lot of coupons to use during your stay, which is nice considering things aren't cheap in Las Vegas!The room was updated and very nice. The shower was incredibly large and that was much appreciated! BUT ... it could have used a shelving unit to hold soap and shampoo bottles other than the tiny soap dish attached to the tile.I liked how it was connected to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay both with internal walkways and an external free tram, giving you the ability to see and do a lot while staying out of the heat.  The elevators seem to be a bit rickety (the ones that worked anyway) but if you did that much work every day for that many years, I am sure you would be a bit rickety as well.There was an "odd" odor throughout the hotel.  I likened it to potentially their smoke removal/de-odorizing system?  But, I would rather have that than the thick poison-y/smoke-y plumes everywhere ... or a smoke-free casino would be outstanding!I didn't care for the ridiculous "fees" they hit you for at check-in.  But, I guess that it just an accepted practice for all hotels in the Las Vegas strip region.  (This was my first trip so I can't compare others.)  I was surprised with FREE parking!  That was a nice. (And apparently free valet as well.)The Carrot Top show was my choice of entertainment for the week and it was hilarious!!  I recommend seeing him, indeed!Joining 'Mlife' is a good idea and a good way to earn points while dining, shopping and gambling your life away at any of the MGM company resorts throughout the country.
2	When the Luxor was new, it was a delight to ride the "inclinator" and stay in a pyramid! Alas, on my recent August visit, the Luxor mostly gave off a sad feeling: it knows its days of glory are in the past, a fading memory.
4	My favorite place to stay in Vegas!  Not like Vegas isn't fun enough all on its own!  We have been staying here for years.  At the quiet end of the strip so you don't have deal with mobs. I love the Egyptian decor, the cool center bar and indoor walkway to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. All and all it makes for more fun in the sun and a great vacation spot.
3	I recently stayed at the Luxor for 3 nights from August 9th through 12th. I had a room in the East Towers, so I can't speak on the conditions of the rooms located in the pyramid. The room was large with a flat screen TV and nice sized Tub and Shower in the bathroom. The only negative about the room, was the darkness of the pyramid and being on the opposite side of the strip! I also didn't have internet the entire time I was there, no biggie I'm in VEGAS no need for that! I did notice a lot of families at the Luxor compared to other hotels I viewed that weekend, but I like the layout, the design, and the convenience it provided for our group during our stay. I would stay here again, but it doesn't have the wow factors of other hotel/casinos on the strip simply because its older and more established and not as fancy or popular these days. So, if you need to save some bucks and want a nice place to rest while you enjoy the other Hotels Vegas has to offer,  I would recommend a stay here. SOLID 3 STARS**
2	The rooms are so dated for the price.  Feels like I'm in the late 80s or early 90s.  I hate how they have people in the front trying to have you sign up for stuff.  The building is cool on the outside but that's about it.
5	This is one of my favorite casino floors to play in Vegas. It is nice. Plenty of games to play. Good food to try. There is a sports booking area and bars.
4	I stayed here for one night in August 2012, and after reading the reviews, I had no expectations, but I didn't had a bad experience at all. The check in was fast and their staff was friendly. We got a coupon booklet which included 2 free drinks. Their resort fee includes internet access, but they only have wired connection, which I really don't care since my laptop has an input. The rooms were clean and nice. The only disappointment for me was that their pool is only 3 ft deep. I would not mind staying at this hotel again.
4	OK, this is a perfectly fine stay especially when you can find a good deal, though I'd prefer a 3.5 option right about now.For starters, their rooms are always kept clean from moment of arrival to every evening after you come home.  Also, the housekeepers don't seem to move your things unlike other hotels, they merely straighten up the rest of the room and clean it.  The beds are comfortable and there is plenty of space to hang clothes, place luggage, and stretch out.  The hotel itself houses many good food options from sit down places like Tacos & Tequila to fast food joints like McDonald's and numerous Starbucks (yes in the same hotel).The negative that we encountered about the room was that it never got cold enough; I like my environments frigid and this one never got better than cool.  In fact, the only two places in Vegas that can get cold are Casino floors and conference rooms; not even hotel rooms or restaurants get cold.  Also, it is far enough from the more modern & luxurious hotels, so be prepared to taxi or walk in the heat.
4	We just stayed at the Luxor in the East Tower for two nights. We had booked a room in the pyramid, but when we checked in the desk clerk explained that the only rooms left were directly above the nightclub, and we probably wouldn't get any sleep. The rooms are clean and comfortable with a tasteful Egyptian motif. There is a large bathtub and a separate shower, so both can be used at the same time if necessary. Flat panel television (not much of a channel selection, but that's par for Strip hotels - they want you downstairs playing). The lighted closets built into the television cabinet - which includes an in-room safe - were a nice touch.The main drawback is how spread out it is. The towers were added after the pyramid was built, and it shows. The path to the tower elevators is long and winding. There are also only two levels to the parking garage, and the bottom level is usually full - which means parking your car out in the summer sun, not fun when you're leaving.Every employee we met was friendly and helpful. We will definitely consider staying here again.
2	Went to the Titanic exhibit which I enjoyed but the building itself is pretty nasty on the inside. Wouldn't want to stay or gamble here. I did get a picture of the famous O.J. white Bronco.
1	Never again.. Bad customer service. If I was able to give a zero I would.
1	We upgraded to a suite with spa in room. When we arrived the jets were non functional. I called house keeping and they communicated to me that the entire hotel had issues with the jets and the engineers were working on it. They referred me back to the front desk to speak with a rep.I called front desk and talked to a rep named Alex to inform him that the reason we upgraded was for the spa. He said he could not do anything about it and the jets were non functional. I asked to speak to a manager and transferred me to a guy named Peter. Peter challenged me on every aspect of my call with a very rude tone telling me he could not do anything for me and I had to call Vegas.com. After 45 minutes of him arguing with me he told me a different story about the jets not functioning than house keeping so to me this was not very clear and felt cheated and lied to.To top it off the room was not clean. There were sunflower seeds scattered all over carpet. The curtains by the spa tub were splashed with wine, ketchup, or blood. I didn't know what it was but was disgusting to look at. The tub was full of hair and some sandy substance and we felt highly disappointed to think this was considered a 4 star hotel. The reason we were there is to check out the chapel to have our wedding there and invite all of our friends and family to stay at the Luxor but we decided that with our bad experience with Peter and cleanliness of the room that we would not be coming back ever to this hotel or any affiliated hotel. I mentioned this to Peter that he just lost a huge amount of business for the hotel and he didn't care less of anything I was saying and continued to be as rude as he could be.This hotel was really nice like 15 years ago when I originally stayed here but no longer a 4 star hotel and would not recommend it to anyone.
3	The first time I ever been to Vegas was when I was just a little kid. And the hotel my family and I stayed at was Luxor. They were cool back then when I pee'd on the bed during my sleep and they're still cool now!Stayed at the tower rooms recently during a stay. Did not wait at all for elevators which is a huge plus. The rooms were full of mirrors. The ice bucket is small but they have a shower and tub. So, smart alcoholic turns the tub into a fridge full of ice for their alcohol to chill. The bathroom is a bit small but I can really care less about the size of the room until it becomes an issue of walking around. I love that they have a McDonald's on the second floor above the casino that's open 24 hours. When you're drunk and hungry, chicken nuggets is the way to go. And the next morning, their orange juice is a great help for your mimosa! I do not suggest gambling here, though, as luck is not really on the player's side.
4	I've stayed at Luxor several times throughout the years and it never disappoints. The rooms are clean and decorated nicely. The tower rooms have standing showers with small windows that overlook a big bathtub. The noise level is fine, not super quiet, but nothing too distracting. The casino itself is also nice. Obviously it's Egyptian themed. There are two clubs in Luxor; Cathouse (more of a lounge) and LAX. When you're a guest at the hotel, you get in free, which is nice since covers are so pricey in Vegas. The Cathouse is one of my fave little go to spots . They have a few rooms and a hookah lounge inside. It's not a big super club, so you don't have to worry about balancing your drinks or finding a place to dance or even stand. The VIP areas are usually not sold out and you can usually grab a seat in one of the areas. The music is standard vegas - top 20. LAX is a bigger club, the clientele is 20 somethings, while Cathouse might be closer to 30 somethings. There's a food court in Luxor that consists of a McDonald's (always packed), a sandwich place, pizza and i think a wings place. There's also frozen yogurt and starbuck's downstairs. The location of the hotel is also cool. You can use the indoor walkways to get pretty far down the strip without having to melt in the 100+ heat. All in all, I'd definitely say you get bang for your buck at Luxor.
4	Spent the week with my family at Luxor and found the rooms clean and nicely arranged.  We were not able to try out the pool, but it looked refreshing.  We did see a show there, Chris Angel's Believe and it was enjoyable.  Cleaning staff was friendly and kept our room spotless despite the mess we leave it in due to my two toddlers reeking havoc. I gave it a 4 star because the time share people were on every corner of the hotel and kept pushing it on us whenever we were out an about.
2	First time staying in Vegas for my wedding and we opted for the Luxor because I really liked their wedding packages.  This review is about the hotel itself; I'll do a separate review for the chapel.From the minute you walk in you're bombarded by people offering you free show tickets and a $50 voucher if you go to a timeshare presentation.  DO NOT DO IT!  We actually did sign up for it, because it sounded like a good deal and they said it would only take 2 hours.  Friends of ours got suckered into it on a previous stay and ended up being stuck at this presentation for over 4, so we skipped it.  The entire weekend we were there though people constantly harass you to sign up for this.  Even when the photographer was taking pictures of us after the ceremony in the hotel, when we walked past they were still throwing pitches towards us!  WTF?!Front desk check-in wasn't too slow and they were nice and friendly.  I had the same complaint as everyone else...the a/c in the room sucks.  It's a box unit and only blows in one direction.  It's right by the large window too, so I'm sure a lot of air gets sucked out that way.  The room also needed some updating and repairs.  The wardrobe was really badly scuffed or chipped.  I thought the bathroom was fairly nice and looked like it had been redone recently.  The beds were pretty comfortable and housekeeping did a good job.However, the bell desk was pretty unfriendly and seemed annoyed that we were even bothering them.  I was also charged twice for having my dress pressed, and was told it will take 10 days for them to investigate the charges.  The weird thing is they charged one day and the other charge was two days later.Had breakfast at MORE and it was just ok.  Pyramid Cafe was actually way better and cheaper; I just don't get my money's worth at buffets unless it's got seafood.Cathouse was a meatmarket.  LAX was just wholly pretentious without even being a good club.  Pretty lame all around.So overall Luxor was just ok to stay in.  We did get a good deal on it, which we got to share with our wedding guests.  Now I know why.  If I ever return to Vegas I'll definitely find somewhere else to stay.
3	The room was trashed when we checked in. After we told the front desk they had us report back to the front and upgraded us to the king suite on the 22nd floor. The room was nice but the main complaint was that the AC didn't work for very well at all.It was 110 degrees outside and felt like 90 in the room. It sucks when you've been out all night and come back to a hot room that won't cool down. We came for my little brothers 21st birthday and he had an awesome time. He placed 10$ on 21 on roulette and hit it. Good times.The pool was closed the second day which inconvenienced my brother but didn't bug me.Nice staff and good rooms when they are clean.
5	Surely a dominant mass, a sleek and massive black pyramid there stands imperiously, like a temple to the neter-world adding a distinctive mystical touch to the skyline, especially in the evening, when its light erupts from its point straight up into the night sky {represented by Set, the Egyptian Satan}, which may symbolize 'the Pharaoh's flight'. As the actual structures are essentially mausoleums containing a series of mazes within, to signify the "soul's flight", as well as provide a time line of prognostications.Within The Luxor, one is greeted by magnificent statuary, with a whole world of mystical visual delights to tantalize the senses. Most impressive also is the grand obelisk out in front of the pyramid resonating continuous phallic energy {indicative of Amon-Ra, from whence an influence of The Baphomet originates}.Dining recommendation: Pharaoh's Pheast Buffet. Great beef dishes, especially the steak and shrimp for your meat needs. 5/5.Entertainment recommendation: Fantasy. For your prurient contemplation. Visual sensuality. 4/5.
4	For the Love of the Cosmic Universe people it's LAS VEGAS not "Vegas"....geeeze
2	HaHA.  Well, do you want to be transported to bad memories of 1980's architecture?  It's dank, oppressive and from what I saw the rooms are depressing.  The slots are loose from what I've been told on the up side.  Just find the exit in time.
3	The first room they gave us when we checked in was gross! Yellow stained carpet, mold on the ceilings, filthy dirty couch, stains on the sheets, and the room smelled like must!! After I complained we were "upgraded" to a much much much better room that smelled and looked new! Everything was wonderful from that point. The employees are very helpful and were really nice. The only annoying thing is you are literally bombarded with staff trying to sell things right when you walk in. Other then that our stay was good.
3	I went here in January and have to say I had an enjoyable time. It's a large hotel and sometimes it's hard to find where you are going. The breakfast I'd ok and most importantly, the rooks were clean.
3	I stayed from 8/26-8/30. From the beginning the check in when very smoothly and fast. We got to the room and it looked ok. The beds were fine, but the bathroom could have used some extra cleaning. There was several long black hairs in the shower. We had 2 guys in the room, so I knew it was not from us. The air conditioner would not get very cool. We called and they sent someone up about an hour later. He tried all he could do but stated they were very old and would not get much better. Thats about it as far as the room went. The elevator took FOREVER. Seriously there would be 15-20 people waiting on the main floor for 10-15 mins. It was this way the whole time I was there. The casino had no action in it. Seemed dead. We went to Mandalay bay where the atmosphere was totally better. Overall it was ok for the money But will probably try somewhere else next time.
1	Bed bugs!  I had stayed here in the past and had a problem with beg bugs years back when I stayed in their pyramid room.  I thought that was just an isolated case.  Front desk was helpful and moved us to a tower room, which was at that time, newly built.  Low and behold, it happened again.  I stayed here for work a few weeks ago and my co worker sharing the room with me was covered in bite marks.  She woke up the first night there and was shocked to see little marks over her thighs and leg.  We didn't think much of it, until we came back from our long day at the trade show and decided to just kick off our shoes to relax on our beds to watch some TV.  No more than a few minutes, she felt the bites from the bed bugs on her bed.  We called house keeping and they had security come up to have her fill out a report.  They moved us to another room and told us this room will not be off the market and conduct some eco lab testing. Needless to say, I will not be staying here anymore.
1	I was there Tuesday. I got my room thru Vegas dot com. I paid $41 and change. It was paid in full. Well it was paid in full after they hit me with a $20 resort fee. When I checked in I was given room 5155 on the 5th floor only to have a broken leaky A/C unit. After 3 phone calls and waiting 3 hours a guy came to fix it but I had been told my room would be changed. Funny how my new room would take longer to get the keys for then the A/C guy would come to work on the A/C. Poor guy had to sit in a pool of water to fix the A/C. When I finally got the keys to the new room 20145 I found that the tv remote was missing. You can't change the channels on the tv without the remote. An hour after calling the remote arrived. In that hour I noticed the wall paper falling off the wall and major water damage to the bathroom door. The room wasn't very clean. I don't know how MGM runs their hotels but when Circus Circus owned the Luxor it was never this bad. After all was said and done and all the complaints all I got was a crappy breakfast buffet. I asked if I could get a perk for liking them on Facebook and was told no I asked what about yelp? Nothing. I was having a great trip till I got to Luxor. I paid 3 star prices for a 1/2 star stay. I don't think I will ever go back to Luxor. Well off to Facebook to warn people there.
5	Luxor was great!! Customer service kicked  ass! Our first night the air conditioning wasn't working well, the next day the upgraded us to a killer suite!! Love it!!
2	I used to stay here all the time because I love the big theme hotels and they always have great deals. On this trip my husband once again found a great deal so decided to stay here for a weekend getaway with friends. I have to say the place had gotten a little run down the once shining pyramid is obviously in a desperate need of window washing. Our room was in the pyramid and clean and nice sized but obviously old and in need of some TLC the bathrooms were also clean but in need of new paper etc. nice sizes shower. The casino was not too busy and didn't really invite me to play all in all its ok and it's a good price most the time but I'd rather find somewhere else
3	Last time I went to Vegas was in 2009 and I stayed here. We had a pyramid room that faced the strip. The hotel itself was okay, checking in was normal. It's cool that you get a view of the casino when you open the door by getting a pyramid room. The room itself however, was outdated and average. Furnishings were from the 80s and they had a 90s tv, with no input for video games (we brought systems for chill time). The buffet sucked compared to the other better ones on the strip, too. Service in the casino was okay. Only convenient for the price really, but it's at the end of the strip so just plan accordingly depending on what you want to do while in Vegas.
4	No complaints- friendly staff, convenient location - make sure you use the gym as you are paying for it daily with daily $17 resort fee.  It is to be expected in Vegas - got a good rate on the rooms and the coupon book has some deals be sure you skim through it 1st day of check-in.  My first coupon usage was the 2 free drinks...lol.  Try to stay in the tower rooms as they are slightly larger although the pyramid rooms are closer to shops, casino, eateries, etc.  IT's VEGAS-BABY - no complaints!
1	First trip to the Luxor, yuck. Stains on the carpet, the two chairs, and the bed covers. Very thin walls in the towers. I must say it was one of the only casinos that didnt stink bad of smoke though, good air.
2	Dear Luxor,Please fix your elevators & get wifi.Thank you.
4	I went here last march during Saint Patrick's Day Weekend and had an amazinggggggg time!Check-in was tedious as was expected for a Friday night. Rooms were clean and spacious . . . especially for the price we paid.The staff was not very friendly . . . but maybe I just got them at a bad time.We stayed in the pyramid and didn't have a problem with noise . . and I'm a fairly light sleeper. I enjoyed the pyramid because it surrounded EVERYTHING in the middle of the hotel! You can walk outside of your room and see exactly what was going on. There are quite a few attractions within the pyramid which made it convenient to stay and wonder within our own hotel verses hiking up the strip to other attractions. I will definitely be staying here again . . . Especially if they keep sending me promotions.
4	I like the Luxor.  The rooms are decent and the staff is friendly. On several occasions while playing slots, the waitresses brought us two courtesy drinks at once even though the rule is one at a time.  If you like a party atmosphere, this is a good option. At  2am, there is still a good amount of people out and about and the casino still has a lively feel unlike Caesars Palace and Excalibur. They need more restaurant choices though. Their cafe no longer stays open 24 hours. The only late night place open is a deli/dsandwich shop that charges $4/soda.
2	It's a beautiful hotel that entices customers with its exterior and main floor; but those who stay there find themselves sadly disappointed with its state of repair. It's in dire need of updates and its otherwise pleasing architecture leaves one walking a city block if your room isn't located near one of the elevators.  That being said here is a small list of my complaints: A. Use the elevator;  our front desk person may have been having a bad day but as we got on the elevator with a few different parties who all hit the floor buttons and then rode up and down the elevator waiting for the doors to open on the floor only to be sorely disappointed to discover it had zipped past everyone's floor; it was getting frustrating until someone got on at another floor and explained you had to use your room key to get to your floor and showed us the not obvious location to insert the said key;  I'm guessing that keeps the professional ladies from walking the floors but I thought it was ridiculous; B. Finding the food court area is a bit much you can look into from the upper levels of the hallway (it's a cool view) but once you find the correct entrance you need to walk the stairs/ramp or use and elevator. It was a bit much after a long day of walking my tourist friends around the strip. C. The rooms aren't bad and you really shouldn't be spending too much time in them anyway but the WiFI package they try to talk you into didn't work correctly and even when we called down to ensure we had the correct login it was advised we could always jack into the system using the USB cable; we gave up and just used our cell phone internet. The Casino itself was great; fun games live and video; but being a local and wanting my friends to see more than that we used the Valet a lot.  We had to wait 10-15 mins once but otherwise my car was in and out in less than 7 so they are top notch;  I don't know if I will ever stay here again and they won't be high on my recommendation due to the list above but it is a cool place to visit.
1	My friend stayed there for a trade show the week of Sept 10th, 2012.  She was infested with bedbugs and came home with welts on her arms.  The hotel didn't do ANYTHING until she posted it on their facebook site and they lied about fumigating her luggage.  GROSS do not stay there
3	Stayed on the 13th floor! The elevators are trippy since they move sideways. Kind of a quiet hotel overall, somewhat outdated.The rooms were basic, clean and comfy. The pool was alright. With our stay here we got two free tickets to see Ka which was pretty awesome.I really enjoyed the buffet here, the bottomless mimosas were nothing to mess with. Despite being  a walking hangover the majority of this Vegas trip, I enjoyed my stay at the Luxor. It was a great deal I could not pass up, I totally got my money's worth!
2	I've stayed here for a company conference once, and my experience here could've been better but hey its a solid yelpn' two stars.The rooms here are decent, its not too bad. I like their bath and their spacious rooms but the beds could've been more comfy, the sheets are thin and they should upgrade on their comforters. Back in the days I've always wanted to stay here because of the name and the cool exterior design Pyramid, but finally I get to experience the stay and I was like meh? I thought I was gonna stay in Luxury. Cool from the outside and okay inside is the better way to put it. Luxor has an awesome pool, especially when you park here and walk before you get inside then you tend to stop and look at people having fun at the water park.Luxor maybe outdated on the comfort level side, its better if you can get lucky to stay at a budget price and still enjoy the amenities. This place is connected to "Mandalay Place" the shopping corridor with Mandalay Bay and tryout their frozen margarita stand before you get into Mandalay Place its pretty good.
4	I enjoyed my stay at the Luxor. The room was clean, nice and reasonably priced (find a deal if you can). The Hotel itself is beautiful and good gaming in the Casino. Great location, close to shopping  and other Hotels.  Club LAX was THE BEST. This is a great place to stay with friends or family (over 21). I will be back!
4	Clean hotel, friendly staff, good and fast customer service, decent club (LAX), buffet and in room dinning could be improved.
1	Where to start.......I had stayed at the Luxor once previously, back in the late 90's.  The place was newer then, and after some struggles with room cleanliness and maintenance items in my originally assigned room, I was move to a Junior Suite.  It had a jacuzzi tub in it, overlooking the strip.  Pretty nice room.Fast forward to 2012.  With the desire to take my wife to this hotel and experience one of these Junior Suites/Jacuzzi Rooms, I booked two nights at the Luxor.  Upon arrival, the lobby was nice and clean, updated and the staff efficient and friendly.  It was at check in that I was informed that the jets in the jacuzzi tub had been disabled, and that it was just a big tub.  OK, well I'll roll with the punches.  We head to our room through worn hallways, and loud, bumpy, slow elevators (or whatever the stupid name that Luxor has given them....inclin-o-meters, or something like that).  It's an elevator that doesn't exactly travel vertically.  It does take you to your room floor, and it is old, worn, loud and slow. Once on the 17th floor, we saw what looked like hole that a fist had been put through the wall, and more old worn wallpaper, carpets, etc.  Into room 17121 we go, to find more of the same.  What could be a very nice room, with old carpet, multiple wall paper patches.  As for the tub, apparently you can fart and swirl the water around with your hands, but otherwise, they'll be no bubbles or moving water.  The front desk explained that people only assume that the tub is a jacuzzi, but the Luxor website never mentions jacuzzi.  OK, whatever.  Bottom line is that there are soooooo many other nice places to stay in Las Vegas that a stay here just isn't worth it.  Pass on the Luxor, try something else not in the MGM family.
3	Here's my review of all the places in Luxor that I have been:Pyramid Room: Blech. Even the non-smoking rooms smell like smoke.Pyramid Suite: Smells like smoke, but there's a freakin' hot tub in there! That's pretty awesome... but if it costs more than $190/night, I wouldn't do it.Tower Room: Awesome, they are nice and comfy, and I would suggest staying here for how cheap it is (and not for how very, very far away it is from the middle of the fun on strip)Pool: Good pool, nothing spectacular, but goodLAX: This club doesn't have a whole lot going on, but if you are female and you get in for free, then shake your ass a little in front of the VIP section so you get in there for free too-- then it is pretty alright (though the same can be said for Hyde and The Bank)Bodies Exhibit: Neat , nothing too outrageous and crazy in there, but if you're at all squeamish (and I mean, even just a little bit) DON'T GO. You'll be wasting your money as you run through the exhibits to get out.  But for all of us that aren't, the BEST room is the veins and arteries... so cool.Titanic Exhibit: An actual piece of the ship is in there... and it's big.Buffet: Meh, just go to Mandalay, it's better... both aren't great though.
1	I've stayed at this hotel a few times and I've had some sort of problem every time. It's been a while since I stayed here and I likely won't stay here again. One time the Bell Desk lost the tag to my luggage so I had to go downstairs to retrieve it. Another time one if their employees stole a lot of money from me out of my room. It was partly my fault for leaving my wallet in there. There are also ladies who hang out near the elevators seeking men out for 'entertainment'. This not only makes me feel uncomfortable, but it makes me feel unsafe.  Also, the beds are uncomfortable.It's hard to believe that this hotel opened up right around the same time MGM and Mirage opened up, because this hotel looks and feels so much older. If you stay at tis hotel though I recommend upgrading to one of the Tower Rooms. Although the rooms in the tower are only slightly larger, they feel even bigger because one of the walls isn't slanted.
3	It's a bit of an older hotel now, but there were a few bars with nice seating options, comfortable, and not really busy.  Nothing in particular really stands out, but worth going to for drinks and a variety of bar options.
4	Loved this place when my then boyfriend took me there almost 10 years ago. Loved the hotel rooms and how they built the hallways.
4	A group of 10 of us stayed at Luxor last weekend to celebrate Hubby's 40th birthday. It was a surprise for hubby, which I have been planning for 2 years.  Hubby and I first walked through Luxor in 2001 while visiting Vegas and he always wanted to stay there.  When I booked the trip, I was glad we got a good rate on the room, but then I read all of the bad reviews on Yelp and I got really nervous.  I paid $320 for 3 nights, which included the resort fee and taxes.  Hubby and I would survive if the room was bad, but we had 8 friends joining us from all over the US and I did not want them to have a shitty hotel experience because I insisted we stay there.Our experience at Luxor surpassed all expectations.  Yes, it is an older hotel, out of the way on the Strip and not as nice as the newer Strip hotels, but we really liked this hotel.  We were able to check-in early soon after our flight landed at noon.  The elevator is really old, sounded like it would crash any minute and showed a lot of wear and tear, but our room was just 2 doors down from it and we never waited more than a couple of minutes for one, so no worries.  We stayed in the Pyramid Deluxe room,  which had a view of Mandalay Bay and we could see the airport.  The room was huge, really clean and tastefully decorated.  The bathroom was clean and the shower was a good size walk-in with excellent water pressure.  Everyone in our group said the beds were super comfortable and they all liked their rooms.  Our room did not smell like smoke as a lot of other Yelpers posted.Yes, we got harassed by the timeshare people, but we barely spent any time at the hotel, other than sleeping, so it was not that bad and if you just ignore them, they leave you alone.  Yes, they have the Ethernet cable and not wifi, but we only slept in our room and never needed to use the computer because we were enjoying Vegas.Our maid, Maria, took excellent care of our room ... with fresh towels and turn down service every day.  Hubby and friends hit the blackjack tables after midnight every night we returned to the hotel after hanging elsewhere on the Strip and had a little luck.  Would I stay here again ... yes, because the price is right and the hotel was pretty decent compared to our 2001 visit to Imperial Palace, which was a dump.  After visiting the other hotels, like Cosmopolitan and Bellagio, the crowd at Luxor is definitely more downscale, but the price at Luxor is really good and truly can't be beat.  I don't get the Yelp hate for this hotel because we had a really nice visit to Luxor and would recommend it to anyone.
1	Well, I waited over 30 days for management to respond to me.  We stayed 1 night over Labor Day Weekend on Sunday night after a 3 day stay at our time share.  I emailed Customer Relations and also completed my survey after my stay indicating "Yes" I would like to be contacted by management abou the problems during my stay. Neither resulted in a call or email or letter from a manager so here goes:1. No Customer Service skills-The staff all seemed like begrudged workers who hated their jobs and all customers.  EXCEPT for the switchboard operator that answered my late night call to report:  This was from check in to bar staff, to restaurant to maintenance.2.  We went to go to bed and there was seriously rumpled sheets with BIG HOLES in them and brownish/blackish thick substance on them!!  Obviously feces, disgusting!@@!  I called to report this problem and they sent someone in about 10 minutes who brought sheets and "offered" to call someone else to come put them on???  Why would they send someone to bring them if they wouldn't come in and pu tthem on so whatever we did it ourselves.  We didn't change the other bed and were disgusted so much we got up and checked out before 6 am!3.  Elevator buttons don't work for certain floors, when reported to staff member he just chuckled after we had gone up and down several times and had to get off on other floors and get in another elevator to get to our floor..horrible service.4.  Sigh, the reason I love Vegas, the pool....the smell when crossing over from the parking lot to the hotel that crosses over to the pool stinks like sewer.  I understand this is a big city and behind the resorts can often smell.  Unfortunately this smell permeates throughout the pool area.  There is also yucky mucky water in the pool that is milky and not clear.  There is trash around the pool and when I asked the staff they just claimed there wasn't enough help to keep it clean...gross.  We went over to Excalibur pool and it's crystal clear, clean, no trash and no smell.Like I said, I got no response, no nothing except for a cheesy promo code offer to come back and stay with them again...really????  poop on the sheets that were rumpled and ripped..I don't think so, I asked for my money back or a comped stay in an upgraded rooms so they could prove to me they are worth their 4 star rating and NOTHIN.So, this is not a good Vegas experience.  I consider myself a pretty seasoned Vegas traveler and believe me, there are far better places to stay for the same amount of money.
3	I am not the biggest fan of the Luxor.  The parking is no good.  Two levels and hardly any spots open and a long walk to enter the casino. All the rooms are faced towards the casino, if you are a light sleeper, this hotel is not for you.  You can hear everything. The only plus side to the Luxor is the attractions.  The Bodies exhibit and the Titanic exhibit.  Other then that, they don't have much!
4	Always fun getting lost in the pyramid. Great restaurants, gaming and entertainment.
3	OK so it's much better than it was. They have dumped some significant money into giving this place a facelift. However,  I still don't think I'll ever go back to the spa. BUT they opened a new sports bar with really cool lamps in the center of the casino, has lots of TVs and sound for the football games. I will go back there.  New carpet, some new restaurants like Public House, new tables, etc.  So they are trying to get it together. But they let it go so far I'm not sure they can ever recover from how run down they let it get before.
3	A lot more calm and low key than many of the other louder hotels/casinos.
2	The Luxor is just one small step above Excalibur.  That is not a compliment for anyone who does not know the area.  On the surface it is not that bad, but then you start seeing things.  Maintenance is clearly not a priority.  Also the elevators are horrible.  They shimmy and shake all the time.The rooms are kind of OK.  I did have an issue getting a consistent temperature in the shower.  The rooms, hallways and elevators are in need of some updating.If you are on a tight budget this will do in a pinch.  It is not for me, but it has its place.
3	It was cheap to stay at the luxor. the smell is so strong of some kind Air lemony refresher which i really hated the smell.The service was ok.
4	I've been making an annual trip to Vegas for about the past 20 years (I keep trying to figure out what it is that "happens in Vegas"...so far, no idea :-).  I have been thru the Luxor previously, and had even briefly (uh-hum) seen the inside of one of their Pyramid Rooms until last week, when I actually stayed in one.  I will say that the rooms are "cool", with their sloping windows, huge atrium (that you walked across to get to/from the "inclinators" which are now just called "elevators").  My room had a view over the pool area, a comfortable bed, an older style wall a/c unit that kept my room comfortable, and a shower but no bathtub.  The shower was nice and big, but the bottles of shampoo, conditioner and shower gel kept sliding off the soap dish onto the floor, so I ended up just leaving them on the floor!All in all, I was satisfied with my room, even without a refridgerator in it!  However, in the morning, I was awaked to the sound of hammering and sawing taking place, apparently a couple of floors above the room I was staying in (on the 13th floor).  The construction noise persisted, so I called the front desk who were very accommodating and arranged for me to move to one of their tower rooms.  The tower room was great, had an awesome view of the Excaliber Hotel next door (I felt like I was living in a fairytale)!  I really liked how the Luxor is connected to Mandalay Bay to the South, and to Excaliber to the North, with moving walkways and various shops/restaurants/bars all along the way.  I got plenty of cardio in, and got to sample some alcohol at Minus 5, and some Krispy Kreme doughnuts an the food court area of Excalibur.  What shocked me the most was seeing the lines of people at McDonalds (in the Luxor & Excalibur)!  Really people, you go to Vegas and line up to eat at McDonalds???Anyway, the Luxor is a cool hotel, true it's not the newest hotel on the strip, but they are renovating the rooms in the Pyramid, and my room in the West Tower was great.  Only odd thing, the bathroom had a jacuzzi tub (which I was excited to try out), but I discovered that the hotel had disabled all of the jacuzzi tubs in the resort.  Nobody would tell me why, I'm guessing the reason might be "shocking"!
1	This is for the front desk and customer service/accounting review:I had to call 3 times when i had a question about the credit card charge that was made for room reservations.Before making the call I emailed the customer service and never received any reply (other than the auto-confrimation of the email) 1st call, not very good. the rep didn't help me at all without the guest names i had more than 10 guests. so basically they told me to find out which guests that i was calling about. ( If I knew which one, I would tell you or I didn't have to call! )2nd call, ok. had to explain everything again and got somewhat i asked for but I did most of the work and did not solve the issue. the cusromer service is terrible. i was on hold for several times and the lady wasn't very polite. 3rd call, finally someone from the billing department helped and solved my issue but i was on the hold for 20min before i was able to talk to the rep. I explain what i wanted in 3 min. and the lady was able to help me in 2 min. i've been calling this hotel for more than 10 times because of our employee stays there but everytime they were not really helpful.When I make a reservation i had to repeat everything at least 3 times; the names, spelling, the credit card numbers.. everything!  (I never had that issue for the last 10 years i've been calling the different hotels and making a reservations. )Although they might offer a great price, I would personally never stay here. You have to do all the work and extra.
4	My recent trip to the Luxor was probably my best stay in Las Vegas to date. I stayed in a tower deluxe room in the East tower on the 18th floor that overlooked the strip. The room decor was updated, fresh and very adequate with a nice oversized bathroom - separate shower stall and large full bathtub. No smells, no noises, decent water pressure and comfortable bed made for a better than expected in-room experience. Outside, the monorail service and valet parking (free not including tips) were very convenient and quick. I found the inside decor and layout of the Luxor impressive - what do you expect inside a giant pyramid? How about some cool angles with center core access to everything. I found navigation pretty easy and straightforward - not always the case in Vegas. The Egyptian decor was eye-popping throughout and the lobby is spacious with staff helpful. Check-in was easy and included a coupon book for free drinks and discounts. The casino had no odors and was fresh throughout - including the sportsbook, which was a fun place to sit and watch Sunday afternoon NFL action.Certainly you will pay for such convenience at the bars, restaurants and even the food court inside the Luxor. Think shot and beer ($18 at Public House) and hoagie with chips/drink ($15 at food court). With a south-end strip location you have easy access to neighboring properties but be aware it's not the same experience as staying more central on the Strip where you can be on foot pretty much the whole time. Overall, I found the Luxor to be a more upscale and comfortable experience than some previous mid-strip or downtown experiences. The minor deductions - TV remote did not work (of course, I didn't find out until last day as I wasn't in the room much), and wired internet only (no Wi-Fi) - though on the plus side the wire was so long you could be on the bed and use a laptop. I would definitely stay at the Luxor again and the $80/night average I paid felt like a bargain. Weather was absolutely perfect for October in Vegas (80s day/50s at night). Take in some of the shows and perhaps the Titantic artifact self-guided tour - expensive but worth checking out. If you're not ROKKKIN', you're not Livin' - JMP
1	I am so disappointed in my treatment from the Luxor after reporting that I had items stolen from me.  Here is a copy of the email I wrote to them at the beginning of September.  I had to follow up myself, more than once, to see the outcome of my claim.  Basically today I was told that after the "internal investigation" the woman Lisa in lost and found said she didn't steal my things.  Again, it could have been anybody working in Lost and Found during those 4 days before it was sent back in the mail.  My response to the man working on my case was " no one is going to admit to stealing!"  Basically I got a "sorry lady."  He never said he interviewed anyone else either.  I felt like my claim was just swept under the rug.  The way the investigator treated me it was as if I was the one pulling a fast one!  For a company this size compensation would have been nothing to them.  Having to replace all the items I just bought cost me an extra $450.   I am staying at this hotel in December for a bachelorette party, but after that I will never be back again!   Shame on you for being so blase about this matter!  You have thieves working for you!  Here is the email:I am writing to you to bring to your attention theft of my belongings while they were in your care. I stayed at your hotel August 15th for one night, reservation was under Jayson Khademi and D'Lisa Ledgewood. When leaving in the morning I left my backpack on the bench at valet and once I realized this I called right away. Lisa at lost and found informed me she has my bag but since it didn't have any identification in it we went over what was inside. Right on top I had a gallon bag filled with skin care products, most of them were brand new because I purchased them right before my 2 week road trip. Lisa even joked that I had quite a bit of skin care items and I told her that I was a salon owner in Scottsdale and an Aesthetician so my skin has to look amazing. She told me how to go online to claim the bag and have it sent back to me. We were on our way to Sedona and the cabin we were going to be staying out didn't have internet. I told this to Lisa and informed her that I would fill out the necessary forms when I got home on Sunday. When I received my bag back 90% of my skin care items were not there. I am not in anyway accusing Lisa, I am sure there were many people working at that station from Thursday until the next Monday that could have had access to it. But because of the conversation I had with Lisa I know all my products were there when the bag was turned in.List of the missing items and their cost, all were Bioelements which are found exclusively in salons:Moisture Positive Cleanser $34Advanced Vitamineral C Complex $50CreataFirm $62LightPlex $60Sunscreen $42Sleepwear $62LiLash $140Total cost of products stolen $450I had to go an repurchase all of these items at a cost of $450. The way I see it my one day trip to your hotel cost me an extra $900! I have been staying at the Luxor for 19 years. I have always been satisfied with the service until now. It was bad enough thinking I lost my bag so imagine how happy I was to know that it was turned in with all my things still in it. Imagine how incredibly angry and disappointed I was when it was returned to me with so many items missing. I will not b returning to your hotel and I will be writing this on my review on Yelp. If we as guest can't trust your staff, who can we trust when at your hotel?
1	This is by far the worst hotel ever.The rooms were dirtyBathroom and even hallway floors weren't wiped downCarpet looks like it hasn't been vacuumed since...foreverBedsheets and pillows had stains, and were also wrinkled.Whats up with the lighting in the room? Can barely see anything.Walking to your room is by the far the longest walk i have ever done in a hotel. I felt like i already got my workout.The structure and organization is just terrible. Confusing elevators, walking to the main entrance takes more than five minutes.Pool area was very dead. Pools weren't even accessible, and bar area outside was closed. Food was mediocre at the hotel. For breakfast, go to pyramid cafe, skip the rest and go somewhere else on the strip.Their are only few good things about the hotel.-friendly staff-fast valet, staff was knowledgeable.-bell service fast-interesting architecture and decor inside the hotel.Save yourself time and money, go somewhere else where its actually worth spending the extra bucks.
2	This place is a freakin' dump. I woke up every morning with congestion/sore throat, etc because I dont think they thoroughly clean the room (dust mites perhaps?).I do have to say that my stay averaged out to $80 bucks a night, so in that sense it's hard to beat.. it's just everything is sort of run down and lacking.  Even their pool is sad (despite the fact that it's apparently the largest pool deck in LV).I hope they update it, because the pyramid shape is so cool, but if you can swing it, stay somewhere else until it is remodeled.
3	I've never stayed, nor walked into the Luxor before my recent stay.  Our room, which I believe is a standard room, was HUGE.  It's a suite style with a living room, little kitchen area, bedroom with a massive bathroom.  However, the jet-tub in our room was broken with a little note apologizing that it's broken and the AC/heater in the room was not working.  Since it was cold in Vegas, I was a little annoyed by this, but I guess you get what you pay for. Also, since we got into Vegas so late due to flight delays, we were hoping to grab something to eat in the hotel prior to going to bed, but the only food source at 11pm was McDonalds or Room Service.  =(
4	Just got home from a 5 night stay at Luxor.  Our room was clean and comfortable.  I wanted to steal the pillows they were so comfy {i found the info on them and have already ordered my own for home}.  All the hotel staff were friendly and helpful.  We had an interesting experience.  Our second night there we got back to our room after the night out and were watching TV.   About 20 minutes into our program the TV changed channels, the remote was on the night stand, untouched.  We thought strange but whatever. Two  nights later at about 4am I woke to a very loud dripping noise that was getting louder and louder.  It woke my husband as well so he got up to check it out.  When he got to the bathroom it suddenly stopped. So he got back in bed.  An hour later it happened again and again stopped when he went to check.  Then our last night the TV changed channels when the remote was on the night stand again.   So out of curiosity I decided to google if there were reported hauntings at the hotel.  Sure enough I found that there were a few deaths of workers doing construction  as well as a prostitute with AIDS who jumped to her death from the 26th floor, landing in what was the buffet only a few years after the hotel opened. This tragedy prompted the hotel to do a remodel and that area is now the food court. They say that she haunts the floor. Guess which floor we were on? 26! Room 26140 to be in fact.  Coincidence?  I cant explain why these things happened, we thought it was kind of cool!My only complaint is the plethora of time share sales people who HOUND you.  They entice you with cheap or free tickets to shows and events if you will go see some other hotel.  They ask for about 2 hours of you time but as I heard from someone else they take your entire day.  We did not fall for it but in the 6 days we were there, they bugged us well over 20 times.  It makes you want to not spend time with in the hotel.  My rating would have been a 5 star but since the hotel allows these people to solicit I took a star away because I find it a negative thing.I will say if you stay here do go to the Titanic exhibit, its awesome! And we saw Criss Angel, great show!
2	For a hotel being in such a great location it should really be down the block near stratosphere.  This hotel was not nearly as good as I thought.  Air conditioner didnt work and they didn't switch us room just said that it was the sun.  This wasnt the first time I have stayed here but both times were not good same problems with the air and staff wasnt so friendly...  ill stay at the excaliber next door next time!
3	I'm here for a friends wedding and I promised myself after staying here a few years ago, I wouldn't come back....but here I am! I stayed in a pyramid room previously and it was terrible very claustrophobic feeling. This time I stayed in the tower which is much roomier and updated. I have to say though that I do not like the bathroom at all. Very cold floors and needs to be updated. But overall a better experience than last time.
2	I stayed here for one night for the incredible rate of $49! When I entered my room for the first time, I was pleased that it was spacious and the bed was very comfortable. Its not beautiful or impressive but I accept that you get what you pay for. After walking down the strip, I was looking forward to taking a long, hot bath. Unfortunately, there was a hair in the bath tub! I was very disappointed that the housekeeper didn't notice it. I was told by the receptionist upon check-in that this was one of the better looking rooms and I disagree! Also, to pay $18 for a resort fee is ridiculous since the wifi speed was the slowest I've ever experienced. Because there are many other choices on the strip, I doubt that I will stay here again. When I think of Luxor, all I can remember now is the hair in the bath tub.
1	This "resort" is on its last legs. The rooms are spacious but old and with a slightly moldy oder. The room service was late and the omelette was greasy. Worst of all: no hot water for hours in the morning. The front desk apologized but wouldn't refund anything because I booked through Expedia. That's 4 star customer service for you. I know it's cheap for the strip, but I strongly suggest you stay away from the Luxor if you can. You/ll leave in a worse mood than when you checked in.
3	Certainly not my favorite place to stay in Vegas. It's kind of falling apart. It is very cheap, though.This is where you'll find a lot of the trash that walks around.I'd rather spend the extra money and stay somewhere nice and not deal with the hoochie mamitas and their weaves and their ten inch acrylics and their cellulite hanging out of their pleather leopard print micro mini skirts, arguing with the cashier at McDonald's at 3am about dipping sauce.Excalibur is even worse!The light beaming from the top of the pyramid is rather exciting, though, I suppose.
2	It's fairly cheap as far as strip hotels are concerned, in my mind that's the only reason to stay there. I reserved a pyramid king room and they gave me a tower. Eh. The room was ok, no view at all though.
4	I don't understand why people have rated this hotel so poorly, it's great! Yes it's 15 years old and some of the furniture is a little worn, but the rooms are large, clean, and very comfortable. The staff was very friendly, housekeeping always asked if we needed anything, and we had a nice time. We had a standard king room in the pyramid, and I liked the fact that it had a large shower instead of a tub/ shower combo. Who takes baths at hotels anyways, blech! The pools were nice but get crowded quickly, so either go early or later! If you want a cheap place to stay on the strip that's clean stay here!
2	An aging hotel well past its prime.  The pool scene is nonexistent and all the pools allow children.  So enjoy hanging out by the pool and having a drink with children screaming in your ear.  Social scene - not much going on here at all.  The Mexican restaurant upstairs  (T&T) is good (casual), and the Public House is good (casual).  The pyramid rooms are just plain old.  The newer tower has better quality rooms.  The kicker about this place - No WiFi for guests.  You literally have to pull an Ethernet cable out of the TV cabinet across the room to the desk (and if you don't have an Ethernet jack, e.g. a Macbook Air then no Internet for you!).
1	My BFF and I stayed a couple of nites at this horrible hotel.  The front desk clerks didn't have a smile on their faces, and the Avis person had such a sour look on her face that it was awful.
1	I am so sorry I bothered going there.  The service was awful, the room was dismal and boring, and no one smiled in the hotel.  I went into the sports store and asked where the SF Giants World Series gear was and was met with no smiles and short answers of "nothing here".  No customer service whatsoever.....its like the employees hate to work there..... the returns on the slots were non existant......I will NEVER go there again.
1	Stayed in the pyramid. Below mediocre. Feels like it was remodeled several decades ago, trashy feel, hasn't been updated in forever. Too many smoking rooms not enough non-smoking rooms. Poor lighting, difficult internet (no wi-fi), just an ethernet cable from wall. Bathrooms seem outdated, dusty, broken.. Very far walk from elevator to many of the rooms. Noisy.. so you always have to have fan on in room, and even then it's too noisy. Customer service hit or miss - most front desk staff seem very grouchy, but found an occasional cheerful person with customer service in mind. When I checked in I was told the non-smoking room I had confirmed through my reservation was unavailable - they had NO non-smoking rooms left and I would just have to deal with it, check back with them tomorrow. They said they could send someone up to 'freshen' up the room with some deodorizer. Eeeeks! I am allergic to smoke and any fake spray scented stuff so I quickly declined. They sent someone anyone and I sent him away. Called front desk and finally got another room that was tolerable. Bizarre. But glad I did not have to find another hotel as it was late at night when I checked in.I was here during winter and my room was freezing. Jacked up the heat but the room took hours to heat up. Sheet and one threadbare blanket did not help - so I bundled up in as many clothes as I could and lay under the covers. Did not want to ask for more blankets as I cringed at having to deal with front-desk staff and service staff.
1	I stayed at the Luxor in nov of 2012 and would/will tell everyone I know, don't stay here. The hotel is at the wrong end of the strip and rooms are nothing to write home about but the worst part of my stay was the customer service. I tried gambling in the casino and was asked to show ID 4 times in less than 15min. I am 29 and understand I look young but 4 times is ridiculous and the last 3 times I wasn't gambling or drinking, just standing in the casino. When I tried to express my frustration, the manager blew me off. Horrible customer service and too many better options on the strip than to stay here ever again. Travelers beware!!!
4	Just another casino really. Was nice, big, clean. Helpful staff.
2	I just came back from a conference in Vegas and Luxor was the closest hotel with availability.  The room in the East Tower was fine and I would rate it about 4 stars but I had to drop stars for the following reasons:1.  When I checked in I let the front desk clerk know my wife & baby will be coming in on another flight and will need to get up to the room while I'm away to the conference.  So she had me write down my wife's name on the room reservation.  When wife arrived she was told that the name was not on the reservation and she had to wait an hour & a half at the reception with a crying baby and had to clean diapers in the public washroom.  When I talked to the manager on duty later his response was "What do you want me to do about it?".2. There is a loud screeching rumble which sounds like a generator right behind the room we were given that started up around 6:45am every morning we were there.  I did not have to set an alarm as the generator was loud enough to wake all of us up.  Luckily for us, baby normally wakes up around that time anyway.3. Quite a few annoyances such as at one of the restaurants at Luxor, the waiter gave us the option to charge meals to the room and then came back 15 min later saying they can't do it (with no reason given) and then taking another 15 min to settle our bill with a credit card.  Also, even though Luxor advertises Wifi availability it is very inconsistent and we could barely make use of it.
1	Stayed at this Hotel Casino few times, either for pleasure or business.  At some night, the fire alarm went off in the middle of the night for at least 15 minutes to half hour.  Later on, they announced it was a false alarm and they will investigate.  This happened at least 3 times to me, just wonder why fire department never visited them, I have posted same review in lasvegas.com where I booked my room and tickets ..ect.  They never post my review.I will spend some extra bucks to stay somewhere else,  or even at motel 6 if there's no room available at other Casino Hotels.You' need a night to rest after a long day at conference or at work.  You won't find it at this hotel.
3	Stayed in a tower room - clean and comfy. Not run down like others have experienced with the pyramid rooms. My only gripe is I observed the slots to be stingy with payouts. Never saw a single person win or heard cheers like you do in other casinos. Well I guess that's the case with most casinos on the strip. Good steak house, good Mexican food upstairs, enjoyed the bodies exhibit, the club sucks! Will probably only return for a clean and comfy room but not to party or gamble.
3	I stayed here years ago. The rooms wereOK but definitely not my favorite hotel in Vegas. They mall area offers several options for food and lots of shopping. The casino is older but still not bad. We came here twice to see the Bodies and Titanic Exhibits - both were awesome.
2	The front desk staff was extremely helpful and very courteous. The Luxor has impressive customer service. Unfortunately, that is the only truly positive thing I can say about my stay.This run-down hotel sports peeling wallpaper and carpeting that is coming up in places. Six elevators weren't working. The air was liquid with smoker. Even the nonsmoking rooms reeked of smoke; you couldn't escape it.  Because of the slanted walls, all the furniture is crammed near the bed, so there was no where to hang out except the bed. The ethernet cable was broken, so I could never move my laptop off the table. The bathroom had been remodeled but not the rest of the room, so everything else was really old.Pony up the cash and stay elsewhere.
2	The Luxor! Went to Vegas for the first time and the pyramid really captured my attention. The casino was nice. The place as a whole was decorated really nicely. T&T is delish! The buffet was pretty good as well. The staff were friendly. I didn't do much entertainment here.Two stars for the stay. One thing about the room, it was pretty stuffy. The heating/cooling system is old but works fine. We had a huge flat screen and everything you needed but a fridge and a microwave (I think you have to request the fridge). I most likely won't stay there again. I want to try Planet Hollywood next! Did I mention I saw a roach??? Uh, yeah.
1	*my last review was removed as it was short and sweet and just said, here's my advice, "don't"*so I will add some color from my visit, the decor looks like a run down YMCA from the 70's, the elevators felt like they may or may not work all herky jerky not to mention there's like one for a ridiculously gigantic floor*at the front desk they said we got a "suite" on the 17th floor which sounded great until we got to it, it was seriously a bad best western, no mini bar, dark, dirty with a sweet Chia pet growing outta the drain in the shower, also had the ultra mini threadbare towels and those crappy little best western soaps, real deluxe
1	Hotels have a unique onus to make a strong and lasting first impression, as the individuals who stay at them are generally there for more than a single day, and a negative experience can easily leave a bad taste in a customer's mouth.  It saddens me to leave a less-than-positive review for the Luxor; it was previously my go-to in Vegas, but it's slowly become less and less hospitable -- even in the short course of less than a year.I'll start with some positive feedback.  For instance, the hotel looks a lot better than it did some years ago.  The interior has been upgraded, it's much lighter and brighter, the buffet is wonderful and a good deal can be had if you're staying at the hotel, and it boasts some great stuff in-hotel if you don't feel like hitting the Strip.  However, most of the things to do in said hotel were closed this time around, with no forewarning to paying customers that they'd be out of luck during this time of reconstruction.Hey, I get it.  Vegas is a 24/7 kinda place, but while taking down multiple "attractions" in a single period of time may save you the effort of extended labor, it also leaves your customers pretty displeased that half the coupons in the book provided don't work because the places they're pertinent to are closed.  "Come to our night club!" becomes "Come look at our night club from the outside and wonder what it might be like to attend some day!"Then there was the room.  Ah, the room.  The bathroom floor was dirty and was never properly cleaned during our four-day, three-night stay.  When we used one of the bars of soap provided for showering, they took it when they cleaned the room and didn't replace it -- or the shampoo that we had used!  I concur with one of the other reviews on here that the room is quite stuffy, which is compounded by the fact that there are no windows to open, which is important because we woke up two of our mornings there to a stench not unlike that of an open sewer.  I don't even know where it came from, though the smell around their pools and overhead walkway was similar.  Pretty disgusting.  Do they honestly expect that nobody will notice that?A very special kind of aggravation was having to deal with the suits that circle like hungry sharks in the entryway of the casino, which we had to pass through to get from our rooms to the self-park area.  Every single day, multiple times a day, we were accosted by, "Hey!  Wanna buy some tickets to a show?"  Are you kidding me, Luxor?  Stop harassing me, already.  I was a paying customer.  Peddle to some other poor shmucks coming into your casino off the strip.So here's the tl;dr version:  It's dirty and it sometimes smells.  The things to do in-casino are shut down without warning and without information readily available about when they'll be back in business.  Anywhere you walk in the casino is as likely a spot as any other to be harassed by Luxor's suit-wearing panhandlers. Spare yourself and book some other hotel more centrally located on the Strip.
4	Had a good time staying here.  It was a great value for what I paid!  I was here 2 nights, the casino was great.  Room was clean, cozy beds!  Had great buffet for a good price.  I will stay here again!
1	OMG.  Wasn't expecting what I saw & not in a good way.  I am so glad we decided to book our rooms at the Flamingo (see my review on them).  This place was horrible & I am just talking about the casino.  Never saw the rooms, but, judging by the casino I'm sure it's no better.  The place looks like a 1970s scifi TV show ala "Battlestar Galactica".  It was so so dissappointing & smelled like a bowling alley (again, not a good thing).  Doesn't help that it's at the far end of The Strip & quite removed from all the action.  They must know this but it appears they're doing nothing to compensate for it.  It's as if they gave up.  So sad.  Enough said.
3	I'm not sure what happened to this casino. When it opened, it was the "IT" casino since it's quite unique! But over the years, the place sorta seems a bit run-down even though it was built in the late 90's. It just so happens that MGM Resorts International owns Luxor and several casinos down the Las Vegas Strip. Why is this place unique?* Egyptian themed* Pyramid shaped casinoRESTAURANTS* Tender Steak & Seafood (won "Wine Spectator of the Year" 2009, 2010 & 2011)* Rice & Company* Public House LV (a East Coast chain brought to Vegas)* T&T - Tacos & Tequila* The "More Buffet" at Luxor* Backstage DeliENTERTAINMENT* Criss Angel's "Believe"* Carrot Top* Menopause the Musical* Bodies - the Exhibition (Body Worlds)* Titanic "The Artifact Exhibition"* Fantasy * Score! Ultimate Sports Interactive ExhibitPARTY & DRINK * L.A.X. Nightclub (worth visiting)* Aurora* Flight* High Bar* Centra* Savile RowAlthough I didn't stay here, the room was decent. My co-workers stayed overnight and their only gripe was that the elevators were a bit far to walk to (only have at two on opposite corners of the pyramid). I haven't tried any of the food here, but the options don't really seem appetizing. As for the entertainment, it's overpriced!!! I think the only thing worth visiting is "LAX" Nightclub if you want to partyrock the night away! Other than that, I don't think there's much to do here.
3	Well, it's not the worst... but it's definitely not the best spot on the Strip. I like the price, the location, and some of the restaurants and attractions, but this place needs to figure out whether it wants to be an Egyptian themed hotel or just a knockoff, ultra modern hotel. The recent remodel has not done much for this place, other slowly chip away at some of the relics of Luxor's past. I do have admit, staying on the 22nd floor of the pyramid opened my eyes to the fact that I'm susceptible to vertigo pretty easily... man, do not look down from that height!
2	This place was pretty cool back in the day when it first opened. Upon my return, I was highly disappointed. There is literally almost nothing inside that carries an Egyptian theme. Its just so bland and boring. Half the shops were vacant.  Gaming looked unappealing. Did not stay here as a Guest so cannot comment on rooms.
5	We love the Luxor,  we like to stay in the older pyramid " it was built in the late 90's" the view from balcony out side rooms is insane! the guest services are among the best! The tower is nice and newer, but the journey to the west tower is a long trek in comparison to the pyramid.We had a group of us 3 rooms total, had a slight mix up at check in, had to stay one night in the "newer" tower, but the following day we were moved to the pyramid rooms all on the same floor, and the front desk was super professional, helpful, and friendly! the location is great.however Wifi availability it is very rare and we could barely make use of it
2	I got the free room playing the MyVegas game so thought I would check this place out. The room was pretty clean and the bed was ok. Stayed at the East Wing which seemed like an eternal walk to the elevators. The only thing I didn't like was that they don't have wifi but they have wired internet that you need to drag a cable across the room. Are you kidding? Ok, I don't mind if the cable was right next to the desk which is where most people would sit and use their laptop, but to have it dragged across the room is terrible. Can't they use the $18 that they charged me for resort fees to buy wifi routers?
2	We stayed at the Luxor as part of a Southwest airline vacation deal. Our first room was in the pyramid, and it was actually quite nice. Big TV, comfy beds, excellent mountain view. Inside the hotel, the room overlooked the back of the mezzanine, which was actually extremely dingy, but who cares what the view is from the room door, right? Our second night there it rained. My girlfriend was feeling very ill, and so we decided to turn in early to try and get some good sleep and get her feeling better. We returned to the room around 8pm, to find that the roof was leaking, splattering on the table and chair by the window. I called down to report the leak, and a rude receptionist told me they would send up maintenance. This seemed odd to me, having worked as the maintenance manager for a hotel for a few years. What was maintenance going to go, scale the pyramid and reseal the window in the rain?By 9pm we still had heard nothing. I called down again and they just transferred my call to housekeeping. The housekeeping manager said they had never received any request for maintenance, and that the policy was when this happened they should just move our room. She then transferred me back to the front desk! By 9:20 we were told that they were going to upgrade our room, and move us to the west tower. At 9:25 the maintenance guy shows up, and despite us telling him 3 times that we would be out of the room shortly, he insisted on coming in and putting towels down. By 9:40 the bell hop showed up with our new room keys and asked if we needed help with our luggage. I said no, so he promptly took off without bothering to tell us even what general direction we should head to find this room. The upgraded room in the tower was much nicer, though smaller than the pyramid room. When we were finally settled in, my very tired and very optimistic girlfriend decided to take a soak in the jet-tub, and I decided to get a few drinks to put in the fridge. When the tub was full, the jets didn't work. When I returned, I found that the fridge didn't work. So, I went down to talk to the manager on duty. He told me that none of the jets work, and if we want, he could send maintenance up to fix the fridge. After all we had been through already, I told him to send someone in the morning. His response? He wouldn't, but I could call down and have someone come up. He didn't even bother getting my room number. I was tremendously disappointed in the Luxor. It is a beautiful facility, clean, reasonably well maintained, with only a few minor problems. However, they clearly do not really care about their guests, and so the minor problems that they do have are magnified. Stay at your own risk.
1	Would give 0 stars if I could.   Bed bugs in this hotel . Yes BED BUGS. ROOM 16350 has bed bugs. Will not recommend staying here. Its like gambling if you will get bitten or not!!!
2	Spent four nights here. NOT a place to do business. No wi-fi in the rooms; just the old fashion ethernet plug. The Stage Door Deli, way back by Elevator #2 has free wi-fi connection. Someplace else in the building there's wi-fi at a fee, but I didn't look for it. New York-New York, MGM Grand, Planet Hollywood, and a couple other hotels had free wi-fi available in the public areas.The room was okay. Decor was dated and not in an Egyptian way. The cigarette burn hole in the bedspread set the mood.LOVE the shower...and I'm a man who enjoys a good shower. Hot water, the much needed spout high on the wall (I'm 6 foot, 4 inches), and a comfy bed. Setting the room temperature takes some doing as it's an old fashion two-knob heating/cooling unit. If you stay in the pyramid, remember the elevators follow the building's structure. Several guests commented it felt weird (sea sick?) riding the elevator.Almost forgot..! There's a mezzanine level off the lobby near registration with a food court. It's fast food, but probably the least expensive meal you'll have while at the Luxor.Glad I stayed here for the experience. Won't do it again.
2	If you're looking for a bargain casino/hotel to stay at on the strip, then this might be the place.  We stayed here on a Southwest Airlines special, so price was the driving factor.  Granted, the place is rather old (no Wi-Fi), features sub-par shows, and lacks fine dining, it's a serviceable place to crash after a heavy night of touring, drinking, and partying.  We visited during Christmas and apparently that's why half the restaurants were closed while most of the amenities (e.g. pool and sauna) were under construction or repairs.  They had some 'Titanic' and 'Bodies' exhibit going on, but we didn't bother to check it out. They do have a nice sports bar down on the ground floor though.  Also, if you don't mind the casino/lobby noise making its way up to your sky-high room,  then you should be able to sleep well.  If you need to be pampered and treated like royalty, go pay top dollar at the Bellagio or Venetian.
2	I used to love this hotel. I've been coming here since I was a little kid. Just the theme and decorations are really neat to me. The granite and marble is crisp and cool (especially in the summer time). But this place has definitely changed over the years. There is no longer an arcade on the atrium level - but now there's a connection to Mandalay Bay which is nice. Our first room was in the pyramid on the fifth floor. Talk about not having a view or the experience of using one of the diagonal elevators - I was disappointed to say the least. And then, after unpacking everything, we discovered that the heater was broken. Now I know that usually people wouldn't need to use a heater in Las Vegas, but it was December and our room was pretty dang cold. (I mean it was snowing on the freeway on the drive there!) So, after packing everything up, we went to the front desk and they upgraded us to a west tower room. It was quite a hike to get to the elevators, and when we got in the room, the first thing we checked was the heater. It didn't really work there either, but at least it turned on and wasn't broken. The hot water in the shower, tub and sink also took about 5 minutes to actually get hot. And during our 3 night stay, our toiletries (you know, the little shampoo and stuff) were never replaced, even though I'm sure the maid saw the empty bottles sitting there.Overall, you'll get what you pay for if you stay at the Luxor, It's one of the cheaper places on the strip.This place has definitely gone down in quality over the years - especially compared to the newer hotels. So if you're looking for a good cheap place to stay without a lot of flair, this would be it. But if you want to do Vegas in fancy style, I would recommend one of the newer hotels closer to the center of the strip.
3	Okay.
1	Old and worn out, check in then checked out.
2	Had a good experience staying here last year. Cheap hotel. If you need a place to crash on the strip that still connects to other hotels. This might be your spot.If you like walking around the corners of the pyramid to reach broken elevators, then this might be your spot.Stay away from the LOBBY BAR! and the starbucks closest to the Excalibur walkway.Nothing but attitude and crappy drinks at those places.This pyramid could use an upgrade as far as : staff, decor, and accessibility.  Way over due!!  Oooohhh the last thing I must say, is avoid all the people in black suits with nametags asking "Where are you from?", or "Do you want to see a free show?" These are time-share hounds looking for unsuspecting visitors trying to find the registration desk.  They sadly fool so many tourists into thinking a worker is being friendly and helping them get checked in.  Once you realize they are trying to sell something, simply say "I have no money", and watch their personality do a 180.these hustlers need to be banned from hotels.
2	We had recently stayed at the Luxor over the Christmas holiday week. I had personally stayed at this property in Oct 2001. Back then I was in awe of this marvel of architecture; this time not so much. We had booked into the pyramid and at check in the clerk told us she was upgrading us to the tower due to being sold out in the pyramid. It is my understanding that the pyramid rooms are under renovation and we were lucky to be in the tower. I will agree to the tower being nice our room was clean and newly renovated. We passed by some pyramid rooms and saw peeling wall paper and the rooms were just plain wore out. Overall the entire hotel/casino is wore out IMHO. If you pay attention you will see the dirt everywhere. We will never stay here again; there are just too many options available. The draw backs are the same as other reviews in here but the MAJOR DRAWBACK in the rooms walls are, as if, paper thin. Every night we had to deal with the guests next door. We could here their every word, thump and bump. This does not make for a quiet stay when you need rest. We knew when everyone in the tower was flushing a toilet or taking a shower. The buffet was awful! I am being kind. The only place worth eating at in this property is the Back Stage Deli. While still overpriced it was still the cheapest place to eat and the most food. I got violently ill after eating at the Public House- heed my warning. Bring water. You will be thirsty and at $3.00 a 10 oz bottle you wont regret buying a case of water from Walgreen's or Walmart. I can only knock MGM Resorts for allowing this property to run into such a ragged condition, but they are slowly but surely fixing her. The big problem is the noise and outrageous prices they charge for food. This does not make for much desire to gamble in their casinos. We've found other locations that just feel better. Of course with the amount of people coming and going from Las Vegas, they will never need to worry about how poorly they treat and feed their guests or how poor they look. That's sad but true.
1	If I could give zero stars I would! My worst stay in Vegas so far! We stayed in a pyramid suite. The room was very old and smelly with wall papers thorn down, not dusted, the spa jacks broken, pillows extremely uncomfortable. The worst thing was the elevators. You feel that it is going to fall down anytime! Extremely shaky! I'm an M-life players club member had stayed in MGM, Excalibur and Bellagio before. Even the Excalibur which I believe is an older hotel but renovated is much nicer . They keep the exterior and the lobby of the hotel clean and nice but the pyramid rooms are terrible. I haven't tried the tower rooms but from the pictures, I guess that it is not any different!  Just don't waste your money.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here from the 1st to the 3rd of January. Weather in Vegas right now is quite cold, although not much far off from how it is for us in California. When I first checked in to the hotel, I was pretty amazed by the structure and interior of the hotel. The Egyptian pyramid charm never gets old. We came in from the back way because we parked in the back structure, and once we hit the casino area all you smell is smoke. However, I shouldn't complain since it is expected from most casinos. We stayed in the West Tower and had a deluxe room with two queen beds. The room was very nice and clean. I assume we got to stay in one of the renovated rooms, because everything seemed good as new. We were notified that wifi has been recently available in this area of the hotel, so we didn't have to use an Ethernet port like the others. Yes, the sheets on the bed were quite thin and the room gets cold, but you can easily adjust the temperature of the room to your liking since you'll have access to the air/heater. They do charge an automatic $18 fee per day for having access to wifi, the gym, pool, 2 free drinks and a coupon book. Yes, the walls are quite paper thin. I could hear people flushing toilets, and housekeepers vacuuming. I could also hear people's conversation if they were outside my door. I am not a light sleeper though so I slept pretty good. Traffic noise didnt really bother me either.Two things worth seeing at the Luxor:Fantasy (I have a review for that!), and Bodies : The Exhibition. We saw Criss Angel too, but it wasn't that great.Overall I would stay at this hotel again. I assume the negative reviews are pertaining to the older rooms/ sections of the hotel. If you want to stay at the newly renovated rooms, try to go for the tower rooms.
3	This is a good mid-level hotel and casino. The pyramid rooms are old but you get what you pay for. Location is good. You can easily walk to Mandalay Bay which is a nicer casino.
2	We stayed here for the 4 nights leading up to Christmas. Luxor had rooms for less than $50/night when we were booking so we chose to stay here despite reviews. Maybe it's just Vegas (or this hotel) , but I'm used to staying at hotels with free airport shuttles so I wasn't a fan of the fact that they didn't have one. Anyway, I read that it was outdated but didn't think anything of it. But as soon as I walked in, I noticed a very distinct old building/thrift shop/senior complex odor. Older places on the strip, such as Excalibur, Circus Circus, and The Flamingo also had that really annoying smell. I got used to it, but walking into the newer hotels like The Cosmopolitan was like rubbing salt in the wound because the scented air blowing through the vents was heavenly and I didn't want to leave! The interior does look dated, but it honestly wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Believe me, I've seen some ridiculously old hotels and this wasn't too bad. But I will say that someone needs to take care of the walls by the elevator bank on in the main pyramid. They were so obviously peeling off (like literally ready to part ways with the wall) that there's no way the staff didn't notice. I also would not advise anyone to eat at any of the places here. I had been looking forward to trying Tacos and Tequila, which happened to be closed for the ENTIRE time we were  there. We stopped at the McDonald's when we first checked in and I can honestly say it was one of the worst I've ever had. How do you mess up fast food? My grilled chicken sandwich honestly tasted wet and raw and I thought they don't even make it themselves?! The buffet was $35 for an all day pass, but I saw the reviews and didn't even bother...There was free "wired" internet access in the rooms, meaning that you literally had to plug in an ethernet cord like it was '01. It was fine for my laptop but my sis had no access on her iPad. I have no complaints about the service, as the rooms were clean and the hotel staff was friendly enough and came promptly whenever we called. However, I seriously doubt I'd ever come here again unless it was to see Fantasy. The location is at the beginning of the strip, so we had to hop on the bus just to get to where all of the real action is. It's also cold at this time and I don't like trekking anywhere, so next time I will definitely stay in a  more expensive, centrally-located hotel with better restaurants and nightlife (LAX..eek! )
2	we stay here from December 30 to January 3,2013 ok I was impress with the hotel, room was clean,their services its good, but towels have this weird smell, and  the only complain I have is that they charge me  for internet or if you use phone I didn't used it but they charge any way so if you thinking of booking in this hotel bring a laptop and used the phone, next time I try something different less expensive and free Wi-Fi
1	Terrible, besides the price!  I guess there's a reason this is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip.  $40 for a room with a $20 resort fee.  Where do I begin?  We stayed in the pyramid because we had heard the rooms were pretty cool.  Because of the weird shape, you have to walk all the way around the pyramid to get to your room, unless you happen to be by the elevator.  It does have a cool look when you look out/down from up high, but it's also a bit creepy.  I started getting vertigo!  Anyone could throw something down or jump off, which I have heard has happened in the past.  Yikes!The elevators were in terrible shape...missing buttons, scratched everywhere, generally dirty.  Once we got off the elevator, the hallways were scratched the entire way down the wall.  There looked to be damage on the ceilings...water or structural problems?  I felt like I was walking down the hall of a sketchy, cheap motel.  Once we got in the room, there was grossness (I don't want to know) on the phone, the chairs were scratched and splintered, a pillow was ripped, the bathroom door had water damage, etc.  I could go on and on.  Oh, and our curtain was broken, so I had to use 3 bobby pins to get it to stay shut and try to block out some light.We did not end up gambling at the Luxor.  It feels so dark and the dealers we saw were rude.  Their uniforms were also not professional looking.  Luckily, Mandalay Bay and Excalibur are attached, so we spent our time/money there.The place needs some work!  It's a cool concept done terribly wrong.  We walked through the tower, and it looked like a completely different place.  They need to take some time and money to fix-up and update the pyramid because it is crap!  I would never stay here again.  I'd rather go next door to the Excalibur.
2	I swear this hotel is haunted! The elevators, i mean "inclinators" gave me a headache every time I used it. The interior of the inclinator is falling apart and in the 4B inclinators, we would randomly stop on every floor AND the doors would open and close numerous times before taking us to our destination. yiiiikes!The rooms: Spacious for the most part, poor lighting, and I was super impressed with their bathroom. There was ample lighting and spacious counter top.I do like the fact that the hotel has a decent sized food court and the view you get once your leave your hotel room. I wish their monorail would take us further into the strip, other than just to MGM and Excalibur. Overall, Luxor is a place of choice if you don't care where you stay, wanna be on/close to the "strip", cheap, and has a little bit of everything.Cost staying there: Free.99
1	Amenities are way below par.  Pictures in room are coming out of frame.  Light bulb burnt out, no wet bar in room, alarm clock was buzzing 30 secs after entering room (likely bugged via inline adapters) so I yanked it out of the wall along with everything else plugged in.  Thermostat has either heat or cold and isn't automatic-REALLY? The damn Marriott at least has those and a wet bar and is 1/4 the cost.  These people are on crack and am checking out.  Over it.  SERVICE FLAT OUT SUCKS.  I have literally stayed in Hilton's and Marriotts in Virginia (That's the East Coast and non touristy) that were 100 times better and far less expensive.  Dark, dank and completely LOW CLASS.  How the hell would Criss Angel pick this place to perform?!  The owner should shoot himself in the face for the lack of upgrades and cheap ass beds that have the springs in your back.  What happened to attracting clientele?  Apparently all the money was spent on the brightest light shining in North America from the top of the pyramid.  Place is ridiculously low budget.
3	Luxor Hotel and Casino Las Vegas is at the end of the boulevard. It is built in the form of a pyramid, which lies in front of the Sphinx.In Las Venase all the time remaining on the rise and some feel unbridled joy, once inside, all went with their mouths open, designers tried their best.Inside the pyramid is hollow. It is the world's largest atrium. Inside the statues of pharaohs and skupturki Anubis. On the dais split a mini-city in the Egyptian style. We go up the escalator and walk between the houses, which are located in the shops. Upstairs balcony - is included. That is built at an angle, each upper floor above the bottom. In the photo, like anything special, but when you're standing and is seen in the real world is very impressive.In the lobby of the constant movement, still, in this building 2,500 rooms! People inhabit, are evicted, to the front desk someone always comes up with suitcases, plus like we hang around the hotel with huge eyes and cameras at the ready. This is the only hotel in Las Vegas, where you can not take pictures.The hotel itself is made of black glass, and in the evening from the top of the sky shines a powerful spotlight, which, without special equipment can be seen in the universe!
3	I am not a fan of the Strip, to begin. I don't come to Vegas often but when I do I prefer Downtown. But my teen daughter had really good grades and she wanted to see the glitz of the strip and the shops and the fountains, etc. so I booked the cheapest rates without being 'off-strip". CES was coming in this week, so that was not an easy feat, either. I digress...This review is for the room. In the Pyramid, 22 floors up. I am not very comfortable being in a totally enclosed hotel (look it up...carbon monoxide is a silent killer). So that is one star off, but I knew that was coming. The room itself was what was expected. Clean. I would have liked a coffee machine of some sort so I would not have to get dressed and pay $6 for a latte at Starbucks in the casino. I small fridge would have been nice. Ironing board/Iron was provided. Not needed. Now the 2nd star missing: No wireless internet access. Who carries a laptop anymore? My tablet stayed in the suitcase. The shower floor was sluggish. The maid has to clean soap scum off the floor of that shower every day...you would think he/she would tell someone that it needs to be dealt with. The toilet was SO low-flow that TP did not flush unless you dropped it directly on the water in the bowl. The travertine tiled shower was obviously new...too bad they could not get the plumbing right.And the bathroom fan! NO conversation could happen in that room when the bathroom light was on because of that turbofan blowing/sucking. "WHAT? WHAT DID YOU SAY??" Nobody was able to primp/makeup/brush teeth without that annoying noise. Make a separate switch for the fan, please. I never saw concierge service. I guess it was there. But the concierge desk at Excalibur and Monte Carlo were very nice. The buffet breakfast was horrific. Late night supper was better. (we got the $35/all day Luxor/Excalibur passes for one day) Excalibur's dinner was OK.
2	Luxor is rated as a 4 star resort, however it charges below average rates which attracts below average guests.  If you are on a tight budget and you want a 4 star, than this is the place for you.  That being said, Luxor only starts check in at 3pm.  Meaning you can't check in when you get there you have to get in a long ass line which doesnt even start moving until 3pm-STUPID!  The rooms here are nice enough but can be noisy with all the low brow guests.  Catering to their clientelle there is actually a cheap fast food food court on the second floor LOL.  The service is friendly and the buffet was surprisingly good, Luxor is just not our cup of tea :)
1	This is the WORST hotel on the strip. And I've stayed at Circus Circus and The Saharah, so I've stayed at some low quality places before.I'm going to mention something now and come back to it later: COCKROACH.  I stayed in the second floor in the pyramid, right off of the elevator.  To get to the elevator you had to go through a total maze including passing by their back office areas. Weird, but whatever.The quality of the actual room was maybe worth a 3 star review.  Larger than I was expecting, but definitely nothing fancy.  It would be comparable to a Holiday Inn or something.  I'm convinced the maids do nothing when they "clean" the room besides make your bed without replacing the sheets and give you new towels.  Nothing else was touched.  Oh, except for the TV which the station was always changed on.  My thought is they go in the room, make those basic changes, and then sit and watch TV for 10 minutes.All of that is forgivable.  What wasn't forgivable was what happened on the morning I was checking out.I woke up to find a cockroach crawling all over my stuff on the bathroom counter  (makeup, brushes, etc.).  After trying not to cry I got my phone and snapped a photo to show the manager, then tried to kill it but it got away. Grosssssss!!!!I got ready, packed up my stuff (shaking out everything I owned for fear that my new roommate brought friends), and headed down to talk to the manager.  I told the manager what happened, and he didn't seem too phased. Like this happens all the time.  He said he'd take off the resort fee of $20 per day.  Hold on now, I was not informed that I would be charged $20 a day, I was told it would be a hold put on my card, but there was no way I was paying for amenities that I wasn't even informed exist! Not to mention I was in town for a convention and not paying for my hotel, the company does that! When I told him that he said he'd also take off the charge for the room service too, a whopping $29.  He didn't seem to think anything else was necessary. And in case Luxor management actually reads these (doubtful) I think his name was Mark or something.  Check your records for who the manager was that took off the charge for room number 2127 on January 11, 2013.So after all that I now have to throw out all of my makeup brushes, because God only knows what that cockroach was doing on the counter and what diseases he carried with him.  All my brushes are MAC and cost around $20 each. I have 5, so that's $100 I'm out.  In addition I'm currently living in fear that I'm about to bring some other vermin home with me. As Yelp as my witness, if I get bed bugs after this, Luxor will be hearing from my lawyer.What really bothers me is I know that if I appeared to be older than I am (I'm 23) I'm sure that he would've been more accommodating to me.  I've been discriminated against for my age before, but just because I'm young doesn't mean I don't know what I deserve.  You'll be hearing about this from me soon, Luxor.
1	I stayed at the Luxor when it first opened and it was wonderful. i stayed there this week and it does not appear they have updated or kept up the maintenance on the rooms in years.First off the room was $170 a night for a room in the main pyramid room section. This was a weekday price that had been jacked up because a convention was in town. The room was maybe worth $70 a night.In addition to the $170 they charged the $20 a night resort fee. Not sure what this was supposed to cover as the pool was closed and the wi if wasn't working. Oh, they don't have wi if. What year is this?The furniture was all banged up, there where scratches along the walls and the blanket was thinner than the ones you are given on an airplane.The beds are probably the original from when the hotel first opened; not comfortable at all. Ugh - those pillows. Also the most uncomfortable I have ever attempted to sleep on.i don't think housekeeping do anymore than the basics. The clock not plugged in, thesink plug was broken and stuck in the closed position.The hairdryer only worked on the high setting and my hair got sucked into the fan in the back of it.There was loud banging from 10 in the morning both days I was there. Hotels normally give their guests notice when there will be noise but the Luxor must not care at all about their guests.I could hear showers and toilets flushing from 3am to 10am one night so I didn't get any sleep.There was a thick, black hair with root on the face washer which was just gross.The rooms in the main building have seen better days and the maintenance seems to be zeroBasic bathroom amenities; soap, shampoo/ conditioner combo moisturizer and body wash. No q tips, shower cap, sewing kits or anything else.No bottles of water which could have at least made the resort fee less painful.The place could be great with a total overall to bring the rooms into the 21st century. I will not be staying there again unless they make major changes to the place.
1	I still hate this place.  Even though I vowed never to stay here again after my last debacle, I had no choice when I was booked to stay here this past week for CES.  When we got in Monday night, our check in was a nightmare.  The line was ridiculously long, which was expected... However, as we checked in we were told the tower rooms we booked were unavailable.  I don't understand how we made an effort to *reserve* a room, yet it wasn't available upon check-in.  We asked to speak to a manager, and when he came by he didn't greet us but just went into defense mode as to why our rooms were unavailable.  It was just completely bad customer service.  To compensate they put us in the "suite" rooms in the pyramid.  I say "suite" with quotations because it was a pretty lame suite.  Our rooms were filthy and in one of our rooms the heater wasn't working.  Triple whammy.  The next day we were moved to the tower rooms, but ugh I still have a bad taste in my mouth.... I'm going to try with all my might to never stay in this craphole ever again.
5	This casino was the bomb! Love the style an lots of fun stuff to do. I didn't get a chance to do everything so it's a good reason to go back! Whether you're with your partner or just with friends, the Luxor rocks the show! Casinos, shows, arcades, and great food variety & souvenir boutiques!Upgrade to the best room if you can afford it!
1	This place is disgusting. Took forever to get our room. Then we were charged an extra 20$ for some reason I just learned by reading reviews is complete bullshit. My friend said his dad told him to stay here if he wants bedbugs. I better not get bedbugs or will take legal action. I think they should renovate immediately and re staff. Disgusting buffet. Impossible to get to. Or They should turn into RUINS like it should be.
2	Just stayed here for PPAI show. Not impressed. Although the room was pretty clean, it smelled like cat piss when I opened the door. Shower didn't drain, when my husband got out of the shower the first night, there was a was if long nasty wet hair laying in the shower after it drained. EWE.So I picked it up and went on with my day. When I finally decided to call about the shower filling up like a tub, they did come up and fix it by the time I got back to the room. Valet was quick and helpful.There is also a 'resort fee' that is stupid. And the elevator was awfully rickety and the buffet literally was disgusting and I'm not a picky eater. Luckily I didn't witness any cockroaches.Much better options on the strip to stay. I probably won't be coming here again but we did win close to $800 on a slot machine here :)
3	Super cool idea and I love the elevaotr... but the regular rooms are meh. For how much I wanted to spend it would have been nice to have something nicer... Still a really pretty hotel and the Titanic meuseum was really cool.
4	I had a good experience there over the weekend.  The rooms were clean and the service was nice.  I had fun gambling there.  The rooms weren't that expensive.  My biggest complaint was that wifi wasn't available.
1	travelodge would have been the same but a lot less expensive experience. not worth the money i spent staying here i was there jan-11-jan 14. the rooms were smelly, a huge watermark on the ceiling from the room upstairs. check out time isn't till 11 why did a hotel employee check in the room at 9am. decor was awful i saw dusk & cob web everywhere. hotel halls felt like cardboard, elevators were all scratched up like a homeless person lived in it. my view was of a underconstruction pool, an huge bird poop on the window. what am i paying a daily hotel fee $18 per day for? mistake mistake.. the ony good thing about this place is the buffet deal they have with excalibur two buffets $35 all day. but that also has its down side youhave to make your way back to where you were to eat, or stay in that area an wait till your hungry. i could not for the life of me find a cocktail waitress.
1	Stayed at the hotel, for the first time, with friends, during the Jan 11-14th wknd. Although the rooms are a little run-down and could use some updates, they are not horrible.However, I'm writing this review about a poor experience I had at the blackjack tables. During my last night in town, I played BJ in the Luxor, before I left for the airport. For some reason, almost every table I went to, it felt like I was losing 75-85% of my hands. So I had to keep moving tables and cut my losses.I moved to an empty table, where a dealer named Pil was standing. He dealt me a couple of hands, and I won them. In my strategy, I start pressing my bet once I win a couple of hands, to try to get on a winning streak and actually start making money. After my second of third straight win, a new player came to the table and bought in some chips. I asked him if he could please sit out a hand, to see if my winning streak was good. He agreed to sit out, and I won that next hand. So then I asked if he'd mind sitting out of the deal until I lost a hand - again, he agreed. All of a sudden, the dealer Pil got in my face and told me that I can't talk to the other player at the table, that I can't tell him not to play. Excuse me? I didn't order anyone, I asked the young man to please sit out - and he was ok with it. So all of a sudden the dealer is upset at me for a reason I'm not aware of, and I'm getting upset that he's accusing me of things I'm not doing. I had to leave the table entirely just to cool my head, and I didn't even get to ride out my winning streak. I spoke to two pit bosses working, and both of them told me I was in the right, that the dealer was in the wrong. They were nice to me; however the dealer never apologized to me, so I wrote everything up in a comment card, and gave it to the pit bosses. To say the least, that experience soured my perception of the Luxor casino, and I hope people read this comment and consider it before playing at the Luxor.
3	Great hotel for the value, large enough to have everything I want in a vegas hotel and not so massive that I get lost in it. Deducted a star for the daily $20 "resort fee" even though they dont have wifi and the pool was closed and emptied while I was there. In addition they asked for my email saying it was specifically to let me know if I left anything behind and I still havent heard from them about the phone charger I left there, the lost and found told me stuff just goes directly to them after the cleaning crew finds it so I dont expect to ever be notified.Its not the most glamorous hotel on the strip but its miles beyond the other hotels in its price range.Edit: I filled out their survey where I mentioned my problems, it asked if i would like to be contacted and I said yes and gave them a way to contact me. I havent heard from them yet so I took away a star.
3	We stayed here in Jan 2012. Our rooms were not in the main building, but were clean and tidy. The breakfast was ok and you can each as much as you like, if you are that way inclined. Yes it involves a lot of walking, but what do you expect for such a large hotel. You have to pass all the slot machines and gambling tables to get anywhere, but I don't really gable, so was not enticed into doing do. We arranged a helicopter flight up to the Grand Canyon from within the hotel, and this is a must. Overall an enjoyable hotel.
3	We stayed here for three nights. Our room was in one of the towers, and not in the main pyramid, and was clean and simple. It clearly hadn't been updated for a while but it didn't feel dirty. My biggest problem with the room, was that the bathroom did not have an exhaust fan. The fact that there was a Starbucks right at the elevators to the rooms was a blessing.After we got back, I thought there had been an extra charge on our card, so I called and spoke to someone at the front desk. They were extremely polite, quick with getting back to be and very patient in explaining the charges.
1	We arrived at the Luxor around 10 PM.  We waited in line at the check-in counter.  We were presented with a $40 fee for use of the pool, and exercise facilities, which is fine except that it was too cold to use the pool and we were too busy to use any other extra facilities.  We were granted our room keys in the West Tower.  As we traveled down the winding hallways towards the west tower, there was a stench that became increasingly prominent.  The smell of drunk sweat, vomit and excrement filled our nostrils as we entered the elevator.  Not soon enough we arrived at our room that was directly across from the ice maker and elevator.  The ice maker is not enclosed in a room with a quiet door on it, people would clearly be passing our room at all hours of the night and our sleep would be disrupted.  We made our way back to the casino floor at which time the main doors had been closed because no one wants the smell to escape in to other parts of the hotel.  The lady at the desk changed our room after we complained and we made our way towards the East Tower.  We could already see a huge difference, the corners of the wall paper and carpet we maintained unlike the west tower where they were pulling back from age.  The paint looked more fresh and there was no awful smell.  We got to our room and it was similarly slight nicer and fresher than the previous room.The rooms are just OK, there is no mini-fridge to store a beverage or bottle of wine.  The on-demand menu didn't work on the TV, it merely beeped when the "menu" button was pressed.  The bathroom was probably the most exciting with a full size bathtub and walk in shower, however they were very stingy with the amount of soap they included.  You CANNOT call for valet to bring your car around, you must walk yourself downstairs with you luggage and request the car across the 10 lane driveway and wait in the cold (depending on the time of year, may be extreme heat).We are less than impressed and will not be returning to this hotel.
5	We stayed at Luxor for surfaces 2013. Rooms were clean. $70 per night was good for the quality
1	If there was a -5 Star rating it would not be low enough!!  Just returned from our trip and stay at the Luxor yesterday.  It was THE worst!!!  We will NEVER stay here again!!  Why?  First red flag, our rooms were by the swimming pools that are under construction.  This was not a problem Saturday and Sunday.  Monday morning the back hoes started beeping at 7am!!!  When we complained, we were told it was an error and work would not begin until after 10am.  Tuesday morning 7am beep-beep-beep!!  We asked to be moved.  We were told we could be moved but would not know what rooms until after 2pm  Our luggage was taken to the bell desk to be held until we had new rooms.  We went out for the day and returned to the hotel at 5pm  We did not have new rooms assigned.  Why?  Now we are told we had to be present to assign new rooms.  We had two rooms (sister in law suffered this with us as well)  The clerk made a big deal out of making sure we would get a room with two queen beds and a room with a king size bed, as that is what we had originally paid for.  We also asked that our rooms be as close to our sister in law's as possible.  After 20 minutes of BS at the front desk, we got two new rooms 6 doors away from each other.  Sister in laws room--two queen beds.  Our room--two queen beds!  Called front desk and told them the error.  Rooms were also overlooking the bus parking area, another noisy location.  My husband politely asked that we be moved to a room with a king size bed.  Now we were offered to be upgraded into a one bedroom suite.  We accepted and reminded them that we needed to be close to the sister in law's suite as well.  We were relocated to the 10th floor, room overlooking the Excalibur, no problem there.  Sister in law's room on the other side of the building, same floor, but no where near our room.  We gave up at that point even though there was an empty room across the hallway from us.  How was the suite?  1.  Nice deep jetted tub--jets did not work.  2.  TV in bedroom did not work.  Had to have maintenance called.  They replaced the remote control.  Still did not work.  Maintenance had to return following morning and reprogram TV.3.  No bath robes, extra blankets, bottled water, snacks.   4.  No WI FI  5.  Toiletries Motel 6 quality Restaurants in the hotel---Forget it !!! DO NOT go to the Public House.  Service was terrible, waitress was picking her nose and acted like we had disturbed her in some way.  We asked for another server.  Boarding pass service--Had the tickets printed day before check out.  Clerk would not release both passes to my husband because I was not there.  Said they would hold them for us to pick them up.  Go to pick them up and different clerk has no clue about the tickets.  Needs to reprint them.  Computer jams, needs to reboot and then opens  drawer and guess what??There are our tickets printed and ready to go!!The deferred maintenance in the hotel, spa, and restaurants is very evident.  The service is no where near a 5.  If this hotel does not keep up with their competition, I will be surprised if they stay in business.Hotel NOT clean---There was a repulsive smell in a trash can area by the elevator on the floor where we had our first of 3 rooms!!!  I called housekeeping to report it.  The next day the smell was still there.  Don't know what happened after we moved to the 10th floor.  My guess, it was never completely cleaned up.  Sounds like Brian C. was there the same nights and he noted that as well.  Disgusting!!!!No WI FI made working in the rooms very difficult.  Charged a resort fee when their swimming pools were not in service.  No night life of any kind except for gaming.  Buffet is low end and boring.Let's hope that the CEO's and management of this hotel reads these comments here.  Wondering if the survey I was sent from the Luxor will be noted as well.  Based on the lack of interest while at the hotel, I doubt it.Next trip to Vegas I will be booking my stay elsewhere and advise everyone else to do the same.
4	First stay at property and had a queen room in East tower. Comfortable bed, spacious living quarter, strip view (but too far South to see anything other than planes :-) Bathroom had huge soak-in tub and separate shower stall. Only down side was the long walk through 2 corridors to get to the elevator bank. Considering the towers are at the corner of the Pyramid it's not a deal breaker. Room was quiet, nothing coming from the gaming floor. Starbucks as soon as you hit the main floor. I valet so can't comment on parking garage but valet service was efficient and courteous. Property showing a little wear but the midweek discounted rates from M-life made it a good value stay on the strip.
2	I love the Luxor from 7 years ago, but the reviwers are right, time has passed it by..There are no jetted tubs at the Luxor, none of them work, the front desk lady made a point of showing me the note they put in my file, informing me that the Jets don't work, pretty classless.  The shows there are uninteresting, cant wait for Jabberwockeez though, Buffett is ok, just did breakfast.  The best thing about the Luxor is the spa.. 15 bucks for steam room and hot tub, rocks..
3	We visited the Luxor as part of a deal we booked on Expedia.comAfter reading some of the reviews on Yelp and Tripadvisor we weren't expecting much, as the reviews leave you wishing you'd chosen differently.  When we arrived at the Luxor late evening the check-in process went very smooth and we were pointed to the elevators and on our way to our room. Upon arriving to our room, we were pleasantly surprised at how large it was even on an angle. We were on the 6th floor pyramid room. The bathroom was clean and well stocked and we always had hot water when needed. The only downfall of the bathroom was even when you have the light on the fan is on and it seems like smoke air from the casino or smoking rooms was coming through the vent. The room was cleaned everyday and had everything we needed. The TV had a lot of channels however the remote volume buttons were broken, nothing major just a small annoyance. The casino itself was fun, busy and had a lot of options for food and drink. With so many choices on the strip we may not choose the Luxor again, but if it's something that works in your price range you can rest assured your experience will be just fine. We were pleased overall.
3	came in on a friday night. self parking is a real beezy to find! you have to drive all the way to the back side of the pyramid close to the freeway. and there's no electric walkway so hopefully you don't have too much luggage! hahha They were not kidding when they promised us an amaz(e)ing experience here! i mean i guess it fits in with the theme and all that you want us to navigate this labyrinth of a lobby with not a single directory in sight but we're just trying to check in! i'm not trying to escape i promise! i at the end when we got to our hotel room 45 minutes after parking(new record!) i was expecting to have to defeat a mummy or something to get the room hahaha I guess overall hotel is decent enough for the price though the casino tried to rip me off when they colored me up. Color me unimpressed! I might stay here again if they have a good deal but I may need a tour guide next time! hahaha
4	I have to admit it....this place just screams Vegas and it's always fun to stop by and hand out here for a while when I'm in town.
3	Iconic Vegas landmark in need of a total renovation. It has the potential to be awesome again!One star up for the awesome Titanic exhibit inside!
1	Our family and friends stayed here recently. It is Filthy dirty! No excuse! Even if you cannot renovate, there is NO excuse to be filthy! Filthy carpet, rooms, etc! With the bed bug epidemic, you would think they would be clean! My husband and I always stay at the Bellagio, or MGM. Our family usually stays at Mandalay Bay or Four Seasons.
2	I remember when I stayed at the Luxor about 10 years ago and was pretty decent. 10 years later, I would have to say that I was not totally impressed by this hotel.  Nothing much has changed (i.e. no upgrades or rennovations that I see).  It seems like they added a few new restaurants but honestly nothing woth writing home about.  CONS:1) Our hotel room was OKAY, no fridge or microwave. The toilet looked dirty when we arrived (like they didn't bother cleaning it).  New upgrades to the rooms would be nice2) The water in the bathroom was very hard (especially in the shower).3) Semi-decent toiletries - need to upgrade or something! 4) Overly aggressive sales people all over asking us where we are from and if we want to get a free night next year5) The slots took all my money (my fault)6) $60 "convenience" fee?! Really? Shaking my head. 7) No free shuttles to the airports but that's with all hotels on the stripPROS:1) The maid service was good, they were always in and out in a jiffy and cleaned our rooms impeccably.    2) GYM/FITNESS Center - lots of machines, treadmills, bikes, weights, yoga mats, mirrors, water dispenser, towels. Just really hard to find (just look for the spa and you'll see it)Overall, it was OKAY. I don't know if I would stay here again or would I recommend it.  Left me wanting more.
1	I stayed at the Luxor 6 years ago, and I do not remember it being as bad as my most recent stay.  Then again I was much younger and much more intoxicated the majority of my trip. My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights at the end of our Vegas trip.  We had to switch rooms 2x's because of the shape the rooms were in.  Please note these were suites, not just regular rooms.  The furniture was damaged, couches were stained,  nonsmoking rooms smelled of cigarettes, horribly outdated, nonworking hot tubs, horrible water pressure, etc.  I could go on.  The only good thing out of this hotel were the 2 free drink tickets (but not really free considering the daily resort fees) and the bell service and valet.  WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN.
2	All things outdated & in need of renovations. The casino/lobby/hotel was empty! It also had a funny smell to it. The shops on the lower level were just as empty and some store fronts did not have any businesses occupying them. In one of the gift shops, the saleswoman was beyond annoying. Once you looked at something, she proceeded to tell you the price, even though it was already marked or had a sign hanging. She tried to make small talk, but really only took minutes off my life. If the prices weren't so cheap, I would've walked out sooner. Maybe she is part of the reason no one was in the store, they're too busy running away. The pyramid lights up at night, which is neat, but that's the only thing it has going for this hotel.
1	An absolute disappointment!!! Thank God I only had to sleep here. The room was small, the sheets had holes and to top it off the towels were dirty. They really need to remodel the pyramid before they continue to lose customers. Personally I would not stay here again no matter the price.
4	IDKD WTF all the complaining is about im a princess at heart and i was thourghly impressed this pass Valentines day when i booked a room. Very clean, spacious, quiet, great view. I have to say this though, you get what you pay for and closed mouths dont get fed. I was going to be in a second floor room but i ASKED for a room with a view and i got a BOMB ASS room. it was was more then what i expected so much so i added an extra night AND!!! for the record i have stayed in almost every hotel on the stripe because i am a local and LUXOR is now in my top 5. now take that you fake as prices and pricesses that come to vegas pay 30 bucks for a room and expect a LOFT...lol
4	Ok ok I was spoiled! I had a huge room! Living room, dining room, bedroom, 2 bathrooms, amazing view of the pyramid, etc! The first night we were in a different room facing the airport and street. Watching the planes take off and land from our bed was cool, but then came all the sirens ALL night long! So that's when we asked for a new room and were upgrade to Heaven! The beds were very comfortable and our towels were like new. We were in the Tower. Quick elevators and close to check in/out. Starbucks was right downstairs after we exited the elevators which was perfect for B'fast. We had friends who were all staying at Luxor so we hardly left. We hung out at the Flight Bar, LAX, and ate at the Steakhouse (AMAZING!) most nights. We did the Titanic and Bodies Exhibits which were really neat. My honey and I had a great 5 night stay. Some of our friends stayed in the pyramid and were NOT happy with their rooms and elevators. I normally go to LV 4 times a year and stay at the Palazzo which I love. I'm not sure I'd stay again here, but we did have a great experience. I just need to be closer to the main action on the Strip! They do have a Wedding Chapel, but I would pick Mandalay Bay before Luxor :)
3	We really liked the theme at this casino but we did notice how old the casino really was. We didn't stay at this casino during our stay because of the reviews and I inda understand why now. But we did enjoy the casino floor and shops during our stop it.
2	I've stayed in the Luxor five years in a row during an annual work trip. It's OK, but I wouldn't say I look forward to my stay. First of all, the beds are comfortable, the rooms are relatively big, and I've never noticed a conspicuous lack of house cleaning. So if all you are looking for is a basic place to spend the night and you've managed to find a cheap room rate, stop reading right now. The Luxor will suit you fine.If, like me, you have to actually get some work done while you're in Vegas... well, you could do better than the Luxor. The $18/day convenience fee includes wired (!) internet access, which is ridiculously dated - throw in some WiFi and I would gladly pay that fee, but wired internet access does me absolutely no good. The room lighting is extremely dim, making it difficult to not only do any work but also to see yourself in the mirror. Speaking of the mirror, the only full-length mirror is on the front of the TV armoire and divided into four quadrants by the wood edging of the doors - meaning there really isn't a full-length mirror. The towels are rough, there's no coffeemaker in the room, and the decor is getting sort of dated. Again, these are things you probably don't care about if you're staying in the Luxor for a cheap, fun Vegas trip - however, they matter to me as I can't choose my dates and thus have to pay upwards of $100 per night for a sub-par room.As far as the larger casino, it's OK - I actually kind of like the cheesy pyramid decor downstairs, and the location isn't bad (though I wish they would connect it to some other casinos by tram so I didn't have to walk through the Excalibur in order to go north on the strip). The casino is nowhere near as smoke-filled as the Excalibur, though not quite as pleasant as Mandalay Bay. I like the restaurants and shopping in Mandalay Place, and it's not really that far to walk to the Bellagio, Planet Hollywood, or even as far north as Caesar's if you have the time. None of the restaurants in the Luxor are really my thing, though I appreciate that they have three separate Starbucks locations (crucial when there's no in-room coffee). If I got to choose, I wouldn't stay in the Luxor. Like it or not, I'll be back.
2	My main complaint here is that I was fooled.  They advertised a rate and then when I checked in, there was a "mandatory resort fee".  They know they have you by the shorties because valet has your car and you have traveled so far and yada yada yada.  My rate was uncreased about 40%.  Fooled me once.  Shame on you.  It won't happen again.
1	THE WORST SERVICE I'VE HAD IN YEARS !! Upon check-in we were rudely greeted by JENNIFER. Sorry you hate your job Jennifer but im here to party so throw a smile my way god damn !! Not only was she rude but she told me and the two other people I was with that ALL of our cards were declined....weird because we ALL had $$ in our account and since she was so rude we just paid cash to make it less of a hassle. She asked if we wanted a smoking room, which we stated when we booked the reservation and when we said yes she just rolled her eyes. She asked if we wanted extra room keys and when we said yes she huffed and rolled her eyes once more. SO RUDE !!We get up to our room and notice it is not a smoking room and that the tile in the walkway and bathroom are noticeably dirty !! So we called downstairs and they offered to swap our room.Needless to say I will never stay here again !!
4	Yes the Luxor is in need of a make over, and they are in the process of renovating now. That being said the beds are comfortable, the rooms are spacious and the staff is attentive. If Yelp gave 1/2 starts I'd go 3.5 stars but for  hotel's in the middle tier (Luxor, Excalibur, Quad, Flamingo) the Luxor is at the top. Pros:Staff is attentive and quick to resolve issues.Fitness center  / spa is one of the better ones in Vegas hotels (free weights!)Rooms are fairly spacious.Decent food nearby Cons:Fixtures are somewhat datedThere are issues that the staff needed to resolveThe incredibly annoying time share people.Wired internet.3.5 stars
2	Basic hotel. U pay for what u get. There is a resort fee, but I didn't get to use any resort amenities while I was there. Not bad  of a place though. Hallways in the pyramid freak me out though (if you are scared of heights)
3	Thought I would put in my two cents for the Luxor, I was stayed here for a couple of weeks a few months ago for a computer convention show. Staying at the Luxor was most affordable given the location, time, and equipment I would be hauling. I would typically stay at the most affordable room I could find, in this case is the Pyramid Deluxe Room - and I found it to be quite spacious. During my stay, the rate is a bit easier on the wallet that the in golden clad hotel next door. I was staying on the 11th floor - with a view of the spire, city traffic, and in the background is the airport. It's a decent view. My other coworkers were expressing their displeasure of viewing another building, or some other inanimate object, so, I'm grateful for viewing a part of the city. It's not too loud in the room - hardly hear anything, perfect for those periods of cramming out emails. Once the door is open though, the atmosphere of the building can be heard. I call that good attention to detail to actually insulate the door and door jamb to prevent the external acoustic energy from entering the room. The lighting in the room could be better, as there was only one bright light  which was too focused by the window. I would've preferred an indirect flood light instead. There's a decent flat screen in the room, and it's a good amount of room for two people to stay. In the main part of the Luxor is the Titanic Exhibit or Bodies, along with a pathway that takes you to a small mall and heading towards the Mandalay Bay. Overall, I found my experience to be decent and enjoyable. If the price is within budget again, I may pick this location again, for the next computer trade show.
4	So I think I've finally figured out the deal with the sporadic Luxor ratings. It's very simple. Stay in the towers, the rooms are MUCH nicer than the pyramid. I've stayed in the towers twice now, once this week and once two years ago, and both times the rooms were plenty nice for the money. I'd say it's VERY good value for being on the strip.The buffet is OKAY for Breakfast, not sure I'd do it at any other time. But for Breakfast, it's competitively priced to other options near by. I think that's about it.
4	Looking at deals on Priceline it was between the Luxor and Excalibur. With recommendations from Marc M for the Luxor, we went with that and I'm glad we did.This place isn't going to be Caesar Palace or the Venetian, because you're not paying for Caesar's Palace or the Venetian. But if you're like me, you want a clean room to sleep and shower in, and not much else. Why? Because I'm in Vegas to drink, eat, shop, and gamble; not to sit in my room and admire the furniture.And that's what you get. Our room was just fine and bathroom was really nice. After being exhausted from walking up and down the Strip I bought episom salt and took a nice bath, the tub was super.We stayed in the tower because, if I heard right, the pyramid itself is smoking. Some reviews have complained about the walk to the towers but it really wasn't that bad. As fun as Vegas is, I'd prefer to have some distance from the casino anyway.Lines for check in can be long, even late at night when we arrived. But I have to give serious credit to the Luxor because we were a day late on our reservation due to a freak snow storm in Seattle. Even though we booked the hotel online there was no trouble refunding the night we didn't stay here. We did call as soon as our flight was canceled, and it worked in our favor. But I can see this generally being a problem with hotels and it wasn't at the Luxor.The Luxor is at the end of the Strip so you'll have to seriously walk, taxi or take the shuttle to get to the other side, but I didn't mind and I'll definitely stay here again.
3	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Luxor last month and we thought it was alright. It's definitely not as fancy or uptown as some of the other places to stay in Vegas, but if you're looking for a good bed/room (somewhere just to sleep), it did the job just fine. We stayed in the tower, not the pyramid and my two favorite parts about the room itself were the stand alone bath tub (seperate from the shower) and the king size bed. I'm not much of a gambler when it comes to playing in Vegas and the tub was wonderful! It was not only deep enough but the drain was a special flip over kind so I didn't have to listen to it making leakage noises when the water got too high.And it was perfectly hot too - like I didn't have to worry that it was going to run out at any point. Bliss!! And while I don't believe the bed was a memory foam one, it did the job excellently! We slept great and woke up feeling refreshed and ready. The room was also beautifully decorated in its Egyptian theme, from the molding around the ceiling and wallpaper, to the light fixtures and bedding. Overall, if we were doing a quick-trip to Vegas again, we would stay here. Like I mentioned above, it's not as fancy as some of the other hotels, but if you're looking for something reasonably priced and to get you back in the action (the strip, gambling, etc), it's great.
3	i was setup by my company to stay at Luxor during this year's CES. Upon arriving, I received a warm greeting from their staff and was even asked if I had a preference of where I wanted to stay.  Since I'm a light sleeper, the staff member suggested that the West Wing may be my best bet since its further from the pyramid. I took her suggestion and decided for a room out there. The West wing is nice and quiet! Plus, the decor is modern and quite accommodating. I also like how its so close to the spa and gym. My only grip about the placement is that its so far from everything. It's about  a 5-7 min walk from the west wing to the front lobby. I don't mind the walk but when you're running late for a meeting,  its quite a distance to make the walk. Another perk about Luxor is that its connected to Mandalay Bay. Between the two hotels, you have a number of restaurants, shops, and entertainment options without having to leave the hotel. Pretty awesome! I'd consider staying here again if it wasn't so far from the main attractions on the strip.
1	This is the worst hotel on the planet...the cost was ok, but the customer service was not what I expected for my first time in las Vegas!! I would not recommend staying there...It is a cheap hotel (you get what you pay for ) and Employees there do not help you, The wallpaper is peeling off...there are holes and its dirty!! Overall had a bad experience next time I will enjoy another hotel where people help and welcome you when you just arrive after four hours of driving!!! Drink your coffee in the morning people if you know you need it and are not morning people...seriously common sense!
2	First, the Luxor could be a nice place. Our East Tower room was spacious, quiet and well-appointed. We had a decent view of the mountains and the strip. The bathroom was large with a deep tub and separate shower. It should have been a great stay BUT, they nibbled away at our enjoyment with little things. Check in included a 15 minute wait. There were a lot of check in clerks, but many seemed involved in pecking away at their computers with a bored look. The check-in area is not separated from the gaming area and is very noisy. I had trouble hearing the clerk above the background noise and clerks on both sides. My reservation, made on the Luxor website, was supposed to include $30 in food credits per day. The clerk would not give it to me until I insisted she check their own website to verify it. She finally gave me one credit grudgingly. It turned out that the food credit use was so restricted as to be useless to us anyway (thanks for nothing). We were supposed to have free Internet. We found they do not have Wi-Fi, at least not in rooms.  You dig behind the TV to get a kinked up cable to lie across the room (anyone remember the 90s?) where it can tripped over regularly. Unfortunately, it didn't work. After 3 phone calls to staff, we gave up and didn't get our Internet connection. Later they told me Wi-Fi was available in some rooms on an 'experimental' basis.  Let me know how that 'experiment' works out.  Maybe they can check with any mom & pop motel for technical advice.  If you like coffee in the morning, there is no in room coffee. You can either order a $14 (+ tip) pot from room service that may or may not be hot when it gets to you (and there is no microwave to warm it up) or you can make the long trek to the casino area. Don't bring your own cup to Starbucks though; they don't do refills. It will probably take a while to make the coffee run because wherever you go in Luxor, the time share people will swarm like mosquitos in the woods in Minnesota in June. They fool you by dressing like hotel staffers and are as hard to shake off as a wood tick. Other little problems kept piling up: the elevator down button that didn't work, the elevator that sat open all morning with a buzzer going off, the short person shower head that sprayed sideways, the dirty window that spoiled the view and a mandatory resort fee that we received absolutely nothing in for. The worst problem was that the staff just didn't seem to care. They were uncaring at best and curt at worst. We seemed to be a nuisance to them. The only smiling faces we saw were the ubiquitous time share people. We might have worked around the various problems, but we checked out a day early because we did not feel welcome; the Luxor staff was more interested in justifying their shortcomings than in the comfort of their guests. Room Tip: The towers are nicer rooms than the pyramid, but any roadside Super 8 has more amenities and better customer service than either.
4	I stayed at the Luxor a couple of times while visiting Vegas.  I like this place because it's affordable and it's right on the strip.  Definitely a good place with share a room with a friend or for family.
2	Out of date. Terrible service. We arrived to the hotel and waited in line for 15 minutes to check-in. We got to our room, which was apparently non-smoking, and it smelled of smoke. The decor is out of date. The beds have probably been here since this place opened in 1993. You sink into them, so bring advil because you'll need it for your back the next day. Towels are stiff and scratchy, that is when you get them. There is no coffee maker. This place is in need of serious upgrades. Service could be better, too.
2	I stayed in the hotel for a couple of nights. They could have used more people checking people into their rooms. The overall layout of the room was good the air conditioning didn't really work and the beds were little hard. They need to make the self parking bigger. The buffet breakfast could have been better. The Casino floor could have been a little cooler.
2	Given the steep nightly resort fee ($18), it's difficult to like this property even if you can get a moderately good mid week room rate. Just spent four nights there. King room was good sized. No couch though. No in-room coffee service either. Bathroom showed signs of wear. Sink stopper didn't work. Shower door railings hadn't been cleaned in years. Wallpaper coming unglued. The hotel was busy. Housekeeping was sloppy and slow. Same for bellmen. Unless you are a small child, the bath towels are way too small. The Tender Steakhouse was a pleasant surprise...not terribly overpriced. Very diverse menu. Service was good, but keep in mind the room is slow paced. Allow at least 2.5 hours for dinner. Valet was quite efficient -- never had to wait too long. Would I stay at the Luxor again? Probably not.
2	The location of this hotel is probably the biggest downside. It's further down the strip so if you want to get to the more central part of the strip (Caesar's, Bellagio, MGM) you have either walk 30 minutes, which in the Las Vegas heat is not always desirable, or spend $30 to take a cab there and back. And at busy times (Friday/Saturday night) you'll have to wait in a 20 minute line for a cab. All of this effort isn't really worth it for an "okay" hotel.The second big annoyance with this hotel is the elevators. They take FOREVER. I think we waited 5-6 minutes at one point.The room my friends and I stayed in was fine, but our friends' room had wallpaper coming off the walls right above the bed, it looked like there had been something hanging there but it was ripped off. Definitely noticeable and unsightly. Also note if you are going with a big group and staying in separate rooms, make sure you get rooms on the same floor or at least in the same wing/section! There's different elevators for different floors and you need your key to use the elevator, so it's quite a challenge to go to your friends' room if you're on different elevators.I'd recommend the Tacos and Tequila restaurant that's on the second floor, really good food/drinks. The drink stand, however, I would not recommend. My friends and I all got yard sizes of the frozen drinks offered there and we all felt really sick after. They're definitely too sugary and you can definitely get better elsewhere in Vegas. The food court (which has Starbucks, McDonald's, etc)  is also really convenient for a cheap meal/snack.
4	My husband and I stayed at the Luxor while in town for a friend's wedding. As what other reviewers have said, the biggest disadvantage is the location. If you want to be in the middle of the action of the strip around Planet Hollywood and Caesars Palace, you're gonna have to walk or take a cab. The lady at check in was very nice. She gave us a courtesy upgrade to a newer room that was not located right above the nightclub (which we ended up staying in the West Tower above the spa and salon). It was very quiet and had a nice view of Excalibur. If you're looking for a cheaper, average hotel Luxor was right on the money. It's definitely not as upscale as Caesars Palace or Bellagio, but not a bad stay at all while you're on a budget.
1	I would not recommend anyone to stay here. My girlfriend and I stayed here for a week and find it very inconvenient, in a lot of senses. First of all, there is no wifi in the room. The only way you can connect to internet is through a one meter long wire. And if you have a Mac, instead of a pc, you are doomed, as the cord only works for pc. Moreover, we stayed in the 30th floor, the cellphone signal is terrible, you would constantly get disconnected while making phone calls. Because of this, the 3G is really slow while in the room. In a word, if you want to use internet in the room, don't stay here. Secondly, it's at the south tip of strip, going to the central is a lot more troublesome than what the map might have suggested you. Thirdly, there are a lot of workers doing "promotion" in the casino floor, they will try to lure you with free show tickets, but it will waste a lot of your time. My girlfriend and I call these spams. In the end, don't get fooled by the outlook of the hotel, the inside is a bit old and outdated. I, personally, will never ever stay in this hotel again. It is just a terrible experience staying here.
2	During my recent trip to Vegas for work, I was asked on a number of occasions, "Where are you staying?" When I responded, "The Luxor" I must have gotten the most mixed responses ever- some people made awful faces, some people said they loved it and others were not familiar. As this was my second trip to the Luxor, I know its not a 5 star hotel - and that was OK with me. I'm only there for work, and I'll be at a conference all day and only in my room to sleep was often my response to any naysayers. But I have changed my tune... I will try my hardest to tell my boss to upgrade me to the much more suitable Mandalay Bay next year. Upon my arrival, I was prepared for the typical pyramid room with 2 double beds and a tempting view of the pool which I wouldn't have time to use. I was actually surprised when they offered me a free upgrade to the Tower Suites, which was a larger room, larger bathroom and most importantly a nice King Size bed for me to sleep smack dab in the middle of. I checked in and was happy to have gotten the upgrade... until it was actually time for me to be in my room. First problem was the thermostat. I like a nice cold room when I sleep and the Luxor could not provide. My fan never seemed to kick on and it was like a hot box in that place. Not the end of the world, until you combine that with the fact that the walls were so thin, I heard every footstep in the hallway, every door shut and most disturbing, even my next door neighbor blowing his or her nose in the shower every morning (luckily that's the only blowing I Heard). The carpet was dirty, the bathroom had tiles missing and the lighting is pretty poor in the room. I know people don't necessarily go to Vegas to get a good nights rest, but when you are traveling for work, the days can be VERY long, and at the end of the day, all I wanted to do was get a good nights rest and be prepared for the following day at the conference. I was so sleep deprived and miserable, I actually ended up catching the flu on my last day, which made my boss really, REALLY happy (Sarcasm). If you are looking for a cheap place to stay and that is all you care about then the Luxor is the right place for you. But I would be warned of the tower rooms, they are not really all that much of an upgrade. I was much more comfortable and cooler in the quieter yet smaller pyramid rooms last year.
2	Going by the Yelp rating system, "Meh, I've experienced better" is a solid way to put my experience at the Luxor.  I try to come to Vegas once a year and I would not stay at the Luxor again.  1.  The rooms are hot and stuffy.  Obviously, there are no windows so it feels like you are a little stuck.2.  Because of the pyramid feel, there is a lack of natural light.  For example, when you walk around the Mandalay Bay it's beautiful because they have tons of large, open windows.3. (Probably the most important) The walls are PAPER THIN.  You can hear EVERYTHING going on in the room next to you.  This makes it really difficult if you are actually trying to sleep.  4.  There is an $18 resort fee per day.  Stupid.5.  In order to print your boarding passes, it costs $1.00 per minute.  In addition, they charge you $1.50 per page.  Overall, it is just an alright place to stay.  If you have options, I'd definitely stay somewhere else.  It would definitely be worth the extra money to stay somewhere else.  However, the cleaning staff is super friendly.
1	My first trip to Vegas of the year and how disappointed was I to see the quality of the service at the front desk went down and the rooms right along with it.  No decent place to eat in this whole place and the rooms are in need of revamping.  The good thing about this place is the bar in the Lobby and if it wasn't for Rhonda working there we would probably not step foot back into this place.  Coming back in June and reservations made but not for the Luxor!
5	Review is only for the Luxor Wedding Chapel.3/23/13 I got married at the Luxor in the small wedding chapel. They were nice, accommodating and timely. The photographer was fun and took some great pictures, the pastor, Pastor Joe, was fun and said just the right thing to make everyone tear up and for my husband and me to smile from ear to ear. The wedding coordinator brought us water before hand, got the music going, set up our best man and maid of honor, and help calm the nerves of me and my dad before we walked down the aisle. It was amazing and we were, and are, very happy!
1	I received a confirmation as for the daily charges for room, made the deposit of one night, when I received the bill at check out they charged full rate instead of confirmed rate.  I had to dispute it through the credit card company, the front desk person said she corrected it and I was still charged full rate - a $400.00 difference.  Also there are "agents" constantly harassing you to buy time shares every time you turn around.  The restaurant managers have and attitude and make you feel like they are going out of their way when requested to do their job.  This establishment does not know the meaning of customer service.  The room I reserved was a Players Suite which I was told was recently renovated and it was a joke, paint peeling off furniture and already worn out.  Stay away from this dump.
3	Just stayed one night and if you are just looking for a room this hotel is good. Otherwise, it's far from action and really worn down.
3	It was a nice hotel and was very clean. I loved the Ancient Egyptian theme, but out of all the casinos and hotels on the Strip, it was not my absolute favorite.
4	OK, for starters...  I have always wanted to stay at the Luxor since its construction.  It's a pyramid, for Chrissakes.  We really enjoyed our room.  It was kind of on a corner, so we had a large tub in a tiled area under the window/slanted pyramid wall.  The interior of the rooms wasn't overly Egyptian; just some hieroglyphics on the wardrobe and a large stone-type "artifact" on the wall.  Other than the slanted walls near the windows, it could have been a typical hotel room anywhere.  The room was very clean and had lots of storage space as well as plenty of furniture (couch, chairs, tables, extra sitting room).  The casino was always moderately busy, but I never had trouble finding a machine in the denomination I wanted (given I was there during the week, I wasn't surprised).   We did dislike Centro Bar and Helen, the incredibly crabby bartender who treated us like absolute dirt... and we were paying cash, not using a coupon.  Sorry we bothered you, Helen.  We ate at Rice & Company and absolutely loved our food.  He had the shrimp fried rice, and I had the ahi tuna salad and some salmon rolls.  Excellent quality and service.   We also were married at the Chapel at Luxor.  They have a variety of packages and were happy to accomodate us midweek (when they're not that booked).  It was incredibly easy coordinating the ceremony and my salon services at Nurture.  Thanks to Darcy, Thong, Laura, and Maria @ Nurture for your help making me look great!  :)
3	Weekend hotel rates in Vegas are horrendous.Seriously, three times as much for the same thing, but Vegas prices can piss you off if you let it.We got a good deal on Hotwire for here and it turned out to be pretty good.There are  nice areas of the Hotel and not so nice.First we had a room on the 7th floor, disgusting, straight up danky smell from the room and bad view, also it was still occupied?!!!So trek back the whole way to the front counter  to complain which got us a tower suite.Nice, huge room, clean, wifi not plug in, shower and tub, not my taste but nice.Everything is pretty spread out here, there is no sense to it or short cuts.Staff is nice, but there are way nicer hotels and better located.There is only one parking area which gets pretty full, also quite a walk.Resort fee is $20 but thats about average.They give you a coupon book but its pretty much worthless, alot  of BOGO's to get you in their places.LAX is insanly full, most of the bars ok but nothing fabulous.
5	I can't complain about anything. This is a great hotel.
4	I don't see why the Luxor has such low ratings on here. The place is super inexpensive; great themed rooms, including pyramid shaped soap in the bathroom; awesome views from rooms (within the pyramid, at least, looking out across the desert making you feel like you're really in Egypt with the sphinx and obelisk); and cool things to do like Body World and good bars like Public House w/ their awesome staff. My room was done up sometimes twice a day, they gave me an extra hour to check out and the pool area (Oasis) is rad. I was there on a business trip, so I didn't get to have too crazy of a time. I would totally come back, understanding that I'm not getting all the ritzy-ness, just a good rate, clean amenities, and a great pool. Also, the Luxor is close to the airport, making going home a breeze. They also offer a coupon booklet to use within the hotel which includes flat-out free drinks as a welcome, some free shots if you buy a frozen drink and buy one, get one free drinks - who can beat that? Their pedestrian path from the Excalibur out across the New York New York and over to the MGM makes walking easy, as well. If you want to save some of that $$ for more fun things, then I would say the Luxor is your best bet for on-strip board. However, if you're a hotel rat and just need your living space to be fab, then go somewhere pricier and bring some DVDs or something... Or just stay home.
4	This is probably my favorite casino in Vegas. The theme is so cool (Egyptian, obviously) and includes their neat wonka-vators" that take you up diagonally. Never feels loud or overcrowded here and easy to navigate around. Plenty of good restaurants here (though pricey) and I enjoyed their topless show, Fantasy.
3	This was our first destination on our Families Week-Long Road Trip.  The stop would afford us a good night sleep and allow our family an evening to "enjoy" Vegas for the first time.  Our girls are 8 &12, and maybe our bad for stopping off in Vegas for the evening.  After returning home, I asked the family what they thought.  Personally, I though the Luxor was a good value, but my Wife and my two girls (8 & 11) though the half-nude female dancers in the Luxors Casino was not appropriate for families.  They went on to explain that the staff was so-so and that the parking was a good distance from the rooms.  Was it a good value - Yes, would we go back as a family NO.
2	There's nothing to say that hasn't already been said. The hotel is mediocre at best. We experienced the worst service we've ever had by the manager of the box office Diego. The only reason why this review isn't a one star is because after being treated so terribly by Diego the Casino & Hotel stepped in and apologized and it made it right.
3	Stay in Luxor towers as a free complimentary upgrade;no Wifi; use Mandalay bay's; DO NOT eat at any restaurant within the hotel!!
4	I have stayed at the Luxor anytimes with my boyfriend. We actually love the hotel and the rooms. The rooms are amazing and meet my needs without a doubt. We could stay at the Venetian or another amazing hotel but we choose here. Don't get me wrong I also love staying at the Bellagio but I love the Luxor's atmosphere. The hotel is very nice and I honestly love everything about it expect I would choose to eat at a different hotel or somewhere else. The hotel rates for the rooms are very affordable and the room amazed me. My only disappointment was not being able to use the pool because we stayed when it was just going out of winter.
4	I have to admit I was a little nervous about staying at the Luxor. It looked nice online and had a very reasonable price, but I had heard bad reviews from friends who have stayed there. The one bit of advice I was given was to make sure our room was in the tower versus the pyramid. The day before we arrived I called to make sure we were booked to stay in the tower. We were not, but the lady said it was only $20 per night to upgrade. That seemed reasonable to me so I went ahead and paid the upgrade fee.Overall our stay at the Luxor was very pleasant. I would definitely stay here again. Our room was very nice and CLEAN!! Clean is the biggest issue for me so I was very happy. With our room we got two free drinks, special deals for Luxor shows, and free wired Internet access. The only downside was that the Luxor is not in the center of the strip. We didn't mind though. We liked the exercise of walking down the strip everyday. We stayed the last night of our vacation over at the Paris Hotel, but I wasn't impressed. I wish we would've just stayed the whole trip at the Luxor. The Luxor is good in my book.....
4	Great place to stay
1	It's entirely possible the Luxor was the belle of the ball a million years ago when it opened, but in 2013 it's a real dud. Whatever awe the unique design and phony far-flung exoticism it may have once elicited has long been surpassed by much nicer hotels which haven't let their selling points go to rot. From the outside, Luxor looks like a dusty, long-abandoned talisman left in the front yard of a backwoods trailer park's lone hippie mystic. The inside looks like that hippie mystic's 35-year old sofa. Upon arrival, guests are treated like chum for rube-hungry hucksters. "Checking in?" asked a shark. "Sure!" we replied, thinking we were chosen to bypass the long check-in line because we radiate so much awesome. Instead, we were given the hard sell on a timeshare opportunity. "Come see it," said another shark, a blonde this time. "We'll even give you lunch!" We deflected free tickets to the unsavory likes of Carrot Top and the Australian Bee Gees, then were offered a discount on the one show we expressed an interest in, the Beatles' Love, which just happened to be dark that weekend for performer vacations. The carny pitch work continued for the length of our stay in various corners of the grounds, and though I am generally polite to a fault I finally found that my best recourse was to simply wave them off like they were covered in dogshit. Elsewhere, the Luxor continued showing itself to be a top shelf discount destination, seemingly stuck in its '90s heyday. The "inclinators" were a shaky, queasy affair, and unless you got your bearings before departure you were in trouble. Depending upon where your room was located, your walk to and from your specific inclinator could be quite long. Which brings us to the rooms themselves: We specifically requested a non-smoking room, both in making our original reservation and again at the front desk upon check-in. Our request was clearly heard but was ignored. The room stunk o stale cigarette smoke, like the ghost of Dean Martin was slumming it. We requested a change to an actual non-smoking room and were given one with a shittier view. The TV turns on at nearly full volume. The bathroom was filthy. The buffet was dismal, with few healthy options that weren't completely wilted and bland. We left a day early, partly because the Luxor was such a bummer. If you ever see me there again, you'll know I messed up pretty badly.
4	We stayed here this past weekend and loved the hotel! It was our first time in this one though. We stayed in the towers and can not speak for the pyramid like other yelpers have.  Great room, very nice staff, and a great price.One thing to stay away from is those with the quick sale that will lead to a time share visit. But it's Vegas. This is not the only hotel with these people stopping you every 50ft.
1	My husband and I arrived on a Monday and left our car with the valet.  On Thursday morning when we were leaving the valets brought out our car.  The car center console had been rifled through and thrown all over the inside and our Garmin and cell phone charger were missing.  We filed a report of course as the valets were the ONLY ones who had the keys and we had not used the car during our stay.  The following is the Luxor's answer to our theft report:  "The valet says he has no knowledge of the incident."  Well....DUH!  And then:  "The Luxor does not take responsibility for lost or stolen items left in the cars."  WOW!!!  What a great gig for a valet.  They can steal without fear!  The Luxor will back them up!   Besides this incident, the room we staying in (the tower) had bedbugs.  I had bedbug bites all over my body after the 1st night there.  Room looks clean....not!  My advice is to find a different hotel in Vegas.  We go 2-4 times a year and will never stay at the Luxor again.
3	I wish I'd stayed here in its heyday, back when this Egyptian-themed hotel actually had a goddamn Egyptian theme. Do they really think people come to Vegas and stay in a giant pyramid because they want it to have a modern decor? Gimme a break. I booked a pyramid suite for 3 nights here because it was relatively cheap (around $80 night BEFORE resort fees) and because I'd always been curious about staying here. Self parking is around back. Do yourself a favor and park on the top level, since the bottom level parking is a dank, musty maze that you'll realize requires you to find an elevator to go up one level anyway. Why is check-in so slow at every single hotel? Don't you people want me liquored up and gambling asap?We were on the 30th floor, and the inclinator (they aren't elevators because they move at an angle) for the 30th floor is inconveniently far away from everything. It is also slow. I give them major props for making the pictures of our suite look amazing on the website, whereas the reality is a dressed-up Motel 6 room with a big tub and some Egyptian hieroglyphics. Their modern renovation clearly wasn't thought out, since the room looked like it couldn't decide whether to be chic or Egyptian (like, you know, everyone who stays here would expect). It just looks... well, pathetic, really. And there's virtually nothing on the walls. Any excitement it may have once possessed has had its brain removed and it now sits, mummified, in some storage room. Speaking of the tub (aka half the reason I booked this suite), it no longer has any jets, and the side panel for maintenance was hanging off, revealing a cavernous lair of decrepit pipes. Way to make an entrance, guys. Our a/c unit was leaking so much that the carpet was sopping wet as far as a foot away from it. I was going to call the front desk and have them change our room, but I'd also already set up my makeshift bar and started drinking, so I just went all ghetto and put a couple towels on the floor. Bathrooms are surprisingly large and spacious, but the showerhead is a cheap piece of crap. No wi-fi... unless you want to pay $20/day. I have a hard time typing that without laughing. Who the fuck are they kidding? This is 2013; reservations are made based on wi-fi availability in many cases. They do have a fully kick ass gym, though! And it's always empty.  Lots of free weights, cable machines, dumbbells, cardio equipment, etc. I was seriously impressed since I've been to better hotels that aren't half this good. I know staying here is cheap and all, but unless you have no discernible sense of taste I'd recommend dropping your cash elsewhere. Without the Egyptian theme at play here it just feels like any other hotel. Well, any other CHEAP ASS hotel. And it's so far away from the "meat" of the Strip that you'll be cabbing it every night.
1	Very poor customer service, no one directing you to the hard to see reception desk on arrival. I was not given the room I reserved and was told rooms were first come, first served - on a Sunday night. No comp offered for my inconvenience. Later the bar was unable to bill to my room since the desk never recorded the credit card I gave them on check in. No wifi in the hotel. The 20' cat5 cable in my room looks like someone tried to eat it. No refrigerator in the room, so forget about keeping anything cool. That includes yourself since the room A/C is sorely lacking. I will be staying far from this place the next time I come to Vegas. LONG walk to the conference center.
4	We had a great time at the Luxor, but this was our first trip to Vegas and we've not tried other hotels on the strip so we don't really have means of comparison. However, we were just looking for a clean room with a comfortable bed and the Luxor did provide that (though the bed does seem to be nearing the end of it's useful life.) Word to the wise -- don't stay in the Pyramid -- if you stand in the casino, you can watch the smoke go up and settle in the top of the pyramid from where it proceeds to 'rain' down again, getting sucked into the walkways to rooms.  We stayed in the tower and our room was relatively smoke-free. We also got very comfortable chairs and a good-sized table. You could really have dinner in your room if you wanted.We really liked our bathroom. It was big, clean and had a nice magnification mirror for shaving/makeup/flossing.  There was a gigantic tub that we didn't use because it was so dry, but a little oil and a candle would have made a for some nice romance if we had wanted to go that route. The soap, shampoo and lotion was fantastic -- smelled  great and didn't bother my sensitive skin. The towels were so-so, not fluffy, not soft, not very big. I'm short and barely managed. The one thing we did not like was the lack of a full-length mirror. The wardrobes have mirrored fronts, but it is cut in half due to a thick wood border and you can't really see what you look like before a big night out.We really enjoyed our first night in the casino -- at about 5 or so the locals start showing up on weeknights, so it gets busy and buzzy even if you stay midweek. The drinks are small but very good and fairly constant. Their slot machines aren't as loose as they are at other casinos, but they are still fun to play. My partner played blackjack and walked away even after a few drinks. For about ten dollars or so we got   two drinks and about an hour and a half of amusement -- not bad in my book. (Tip -- if "Gabriel" is available as a Blackjack dealer and you like a smooth, unfancy but precise dealer, he's your man. We had a fantastic time at his table.)The Luxor connects to both Mandalay Bay and Excalibur -- the crowd at the Excalibur reminds me a lot of Octoberfest at a bar frequented by grad-students. We didn't go to Mandalay Bay and we really didn't see people come in from over there either, so I can't comment. However, the connection to the Excalibur was nice as it gave us access to some cheap eats and allowed us to get through the strip fairly quickly without going outside into the dust-storm that happened one day. (Las Vegas is a desert -- this happens!)I have three final thoughts that aren't exactly about the Luxor but apply none-the-less.* Vegas is not kid friendly, and I don't know why people take their kids there. If the pools are closed, like they were when we went due to inclement weather, there is nearly nothing for kids to do but run wild and get bored. Also, there is all kinds of questionable behavior happening right in front of everyone. While there might not be naked people, in some cases, it's as good as. There are barkers handing out cards with pictures of topless escorts at all times of the day and the dancers and cocktail waitresses go out with a coat over their costume on breaks. You have to walk through casinos to get anywhere in your hotel, so there is plenty to see that is not kid friendly. People swear and spit and piss in public. Leave the kids at home.*Regardless of your gender, get a facial before you go home. Casino air quality is variable, but generally pretty smoky and if there is a dust storm or inversion, outdoor air quality is equally bad. You will want this stuff sucked out of your pores. Fortunately, every Casino has an attached spa that offers both a ladies' and gents' facial service.*Watch your dealer carefully - if the game play is too fast, or the dealer seems aggravated by onlookers, or if they are constantly fiddling with their cards, get up, let a pit boss know that Dealer X is making you uncomfortable and go to a different table. Casinos know that you are there to have fun and play games, so they don't want you walking away unhappy/having a bad feeling.
2	I made the mistake of using Hotwire to book my Vegas hotel.  Somehow, according to Hotwire, Luxor is a 4 star hotel.HAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAOh, Hotwire, you crazy.Long story short, rooms in the Luxor are similar to those at a Best Western.  Except, you're in a weird-ass pyramid.  I will say the beds are very comfortable and the room was clean.  The inclinator (not elevator, since it climbs the pyramid at an angle), however, is scary old.  Pieces of it were shaking while moving and I sorta feared for my life.  It also looks like it was crafted in 1989.  Time for upgrading, methinks.Overall, it's okay, but a 4-star rating is ridiculous.
4	Why do so many people dislike this place?My significant other, family and I stayed here this past January and it was very relaxing and comfortable. Now, is this place "trendy?" I think not. It will NEVER be a Cosmopolitan, Wynn, or Venetian, for that matter. And trust me, as a Vegas regular, I have been and even stayed at those hotels before.I mean, I can totally afford Cosmo at $700 a night, but would I? It's such a waste of $, and we're foodies, so we'd rather spend our money on food and entertainment.But the fact of the matter is, for $50 a night through Hotwire, this situation just didn't bother me. The price was just awesome.
2	Don't expect much.  For the price, you cannot do better.  The rooms were clean (Tower Deluxe), staff was courteous, and the noise level was low.The only disadvantage was the constant smell of cigarette smoke everywhere.  The bars on site were decent, expecially since the front desk clerk upon check-in gave me a handful of free drink tickets.
1	Everything you need to know:It is nothing fancy but has a pool, restaurants, and is connected to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. The tower rooms are far newer and cleaner than the pyramid rooms.Whoever picks up the phones are fairly polite and helpful. The front desk in person is a whole another story. I was checking in and was insisted I had booked 2 rooms, not one. I was cut off several times saying "I'm just telling you what I see here". Nice. Long story short, I get a late check out call 3 days prior to my check out day. BECAUSE there were two people with the same name staying here! If the front desk person checking us in would have given a hoot, she would've seen it was booked on two different credit cards. So, had to pack and change rooms which took 2 hours by the time it was all fixed and I was settled in again. I was so glad I got back early to put on my swimsuit to do this for 2 hours and get 15 minutes of sun. Thanks. This is just one of the many "friendly" service here. The restaurants are nice n friendly though at least.I would rather stay outside than stay here again.
3	My wife and I just got back from Vegas... We stayed at the Luxor and the hotel isn't that bad.  Our main concern is Vegas in general.. We used to Loooove going to Vegas but now All Vegas hotels are charging a Resort Fee and that stinks big time.  It's a Vegas phenomenon adopted now by all Vegas hotels... They charge anywhere from $20 to $35 dollars per night just because they can... They say it's an internet fee plus Gym fee and a discount booklet.... Non of which I used or my friends used.. The Luxor doesn't provide in-room Wi-Fi just a cable connection... Try connecting the cable to your Ipad... And if you call and complain they will rough you up...  The truth of the matter is that Vegas hotels are dishonest by hiding this big and unusual fee in the fine print... Then make you pay when you get there and have no choice.  I will consider other destinations next time.... With all the cruises and Mexico at hand who needs Vegas?... Oh and FYI... Luxor charges $30 extra bucks per night for a crib... times 5 nights ... Thats an extra $150 bucks plus 8%tax !!!... Who charges extra for a crib?... Treasure Island didn't on our last stay.... But the resort fee.... Hmmmm. I hate feeling bullied into paying for something I'm not using.. I will avoid Vegas.... there is lots of partying elsewhere... And just to finish my review I will say that Luxor despite it's attractive architecture lacks in maintenance issues.... Sad to say.. Among many issues how about cleaning the pyramids windows?...
3	The girlfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay here at the Luxor.True, it is a bit of a walk to the north end of the strip from here... but we managed to walk all the way to The Mirage and back on a nice sunny day and survived unscathed with drinks in hand.The pool was nice.  There was 3 of them... one was closed every day when we went, but the other two were open.  One of them had a bunch of hanging out bars/platforms in the water where you could set your drinks down while still sitting in the water which was cool.  We got to the pool early in the AM so we got good seats, but they did tend to fill up pretty quick and by the time we left the pool area you would have been lucky to find a seat, let alone a seat for your entire party.  Only bummer was the "no outside food/alcohol" policy at the pool.  Not sure how well its enforced really... I mean, I brought my morning coffee out and I wasn't patted down for cookies.  So it may be lax.  i didn't try to charge in with a big ol frooty cocktail though.  I would be bummed if I just bought a big frozen drink and then came to the pool without knowing the rules... so you've been warned!The architecture and design of the hotel was really neat (obviously!) it's a pyramid!  cool!The room was clean and didn't have any funk or odors, etc.  Cool pyramid shaped soaps in the bathroom.  haha - the little things...The McDonalds was hopping for breakfast inside the Luxor and I got coffee there every morning for a buck or two -- not too shabby.Plenty of bars and casino action... although I found the bar service at the slots to be REALLY crummy at the Luxor.  I would say it might have been because I wasn't high rolling... but after slottin' it up at the other casinos, I found the waitresses to be MUCH nicer elsewhere (especially New York, New York nearby).  The couple waitresses we had at the Luxor we pretty much had to lasso to get any attention.  They would hurriedly zoom past us and roll their eyes as we placed our orders as she clearly had better places to be.  They were only giving out bottles of things like coors and bud light, etc.  While at the New York New York we were sippin on Newcastle and Stella Artois for free.  .... and I was tipping at both places... so it's not like I was stiffing them.  sooo... YRMV, but if I were to go back, I definitely would go to a different casino if you plan on drinking.Another annoyance -- that is apparently at all the casinos there is resort taxes and fees.  Watch out for those... I think it was like $20 a day for me and my gf.  Didn't really expect that on check-in, but oh well... when in Vegas!  It was convenient to walk between Excalibur/Mandalay bay as they had motorized walkways and things that made getting back and forth a breeze.  The New york New York was really close by too, which is where we went for food a couple times.  Seems like they had a lot better food choices if you wanted something quick, and not break the bank, but still being delicious -- some New York Deli place had the bomb Rueben.  But that's beside the point, being a review of the Luxor.Anyhow, in closing, I would stay here again given that it was ridiculously cheap to stay here and I didn't mind walking up and down the strip.  If you don't enjoy walking, you might want to park yourself further north to be in the center of the action.Soo... I give it 3 stars -- since its Luxor Hotel AND Casino.  4 or 5 for the hotel and 1 for the Casino.  comes out to 3 in the middle.
3	Expensive but over all good.I have spent weekends in both the Pyramid and in the towers..I would recommend the towers..the Pyramid elevators are so slow and we sometimes waited for over 20min to get down to the casino.
1	They never wound up contacting me even about my lost items, just to try and sell me stuff.
5	Great
4	Paid $90 to get a tower room on a Sunday night....72 base rate plus tax and $18 resort fee that included free internet, plus they gave us a booklet of coupons with FOUR free drinks, plus two more 2-for-1 drink coupons that could be used in the hotel.HIGHLY recommend staying in the tower, it's only $20 more and it's newer and much nicer. Accidentally took an elevator to the pyramid rooms and the hallways were shabby, the tower room was nice, had a big tub, glass shower, and was totally clean. Also, the check-in was much faster than at some of the other hotels I've been at...no wait at all...
3	I spent 3 nights at Luxor this past weekend.  I found the hotel to be showing its age.  The elevators were down right shabby.  The rooms were ok.  When are you going to get rid of smoking inside.
5	So far my last 2 birthdays have been spent here. and both times were the best bdays ever. My fiancee has taken me to celebrate my birthday. We loved gambling and drinking there. Plus the room was gorgeous. It was the first time Id stayed in a Suite! We will be back next year as well! The bed was extremely comfortable, and loved relaxing in the hot tub. Bathroom is plain but...come on...its just a bathroom...only time you will be in there is to get ready for another fun filled day and to puke your brains out from too much drinking lollove it!!
3	The Luxor. Where to start. Overall, it was a pleasant Hotel. If you know you're just going to be in and out of the room, or not necessarily staying in the Hotel/Casino, then this is a great spot. We stayed in the Pyramid Spa Suite, which has a huge tub in the corner of the room, which overlooks Excalibur and South Strip. It has a separate shower, so it can please everyone. The room was clean upon arrival, we were checked in fairly quick. The elevators were of to the left, and around a corner, which just felt awkward. The Valet was quick getting us settled. Was kind of put off by the fact that he told my husband that "they work separately from the guys inside". Hmm, we knew that, and planned on tipping him. Just rubbed me the wrong way, sort of like he EXPECTED it? Maybe that's just me.Our luggage was brought up to our room fairly quick, very impressed with that. The Hotel itself does seem a little outdated, for instance they didn't offer WiFi, but you could hook up your computer/laptop to the Ethernet cable. I suppose I take partial responsibility for that downfall because I just took our tablet, and not the laptop. Also, reception SUCKS in this hotel! No signal whatsoever. I didn't realize that The Luxor had a walkway through to the Excalibur, so that was convenient. They also buddy-up with deals and offers. Oh, and those people who harass you into buying a timeshare? ANNOYING. I seriously considered walking around with a "No Soliciting" sign hanging from my neck. That's seriously such a put-off for the Hotel, I hope they realize that. All in all, it was a nice place. I would stay there again, if offered the same rate. Next time we visit Vegas, I think we will try for a Hotel in the center of the Strip.
3	the good:  I always like the ancient egyption motif and theme. check in was easypools were very nicecustomer service of the hotel was goodthe not so goodReally dont like the hidden cost of the "resort fee"  a $20.00 a day fee not covered by my online hotel purchase- i understand that almost all hotels on the strip charge this, but it seems sneaky and dishonestfor the weekend that was at the hotel- there were alot of low class inner city typesseems almost everytime i ate at the food court, the understaffed employees messed up my orderthe buffet is not as good or have as varied food selections as i remember from my last visitreally didnt like the hotel employees interrupting me in hallways-trying to get me to buy tickets to shows. even received a call on my hotel phone, a voice mail message, suggesting that i use their massage services.
3	Pretty decent. No fridge, microwave, coffee maker, or WiFi in our room though. Kind of a bummer. Check-in man was really unpleasant and talked so softly I could barely hear him. Elevators are SCARY! I wish I could have known this before telling him I was okay with the 22nd floor! REALLY rocky and noisy! Thought I was going to die. Other than that, it was just fine. Pretty room, decent view, cool pool, good bar.
4	I love this hotel! I try and stay here when I come to Vegas. The rooms are always nice and the pool area is huge. It is so nice to have restaurants on the top floor and the exhibits that are featured right now are awesome. I went to the Titanic exhibit and it was so cool how they got allot that stuff in there.The only real complaint I have is the location on the strip. It is a little bit of a walk to the center of the strip.I am even thinking about getting married in the chapel! It connects to Mandalay Bay top so you can check out the shark exhibit. Give it a chance and you will like it too.
1	Horrible! On top of it being outdated, poorly designed and dirty our room was robbed and the risk management staff member, Amy, was unhelpful and rude, even implying that the theft was our fault. The hotel has done nothing other than move us to a new room and I can't help but suspect that this happens often.There is no wifi, no coffee maker in the room and the whole place is dark and confusing. The buffet was full of sad, soggy and greasy food. Their entertainment options are poor. The towels are stiff and stained and the bed linens are flimsy.The gentleman at the front desk that checked us in was nice, but the manager seemed to care very little and just gave the company line.I used to Love Las Vegas, I've stayed in hotels up and down the strip in the last 15 years, this is the first bad experience I've had... and it's terrible.
4	I am more of a fan of the personnel of this hotel than the hotel itself.  We had a wi-fi problem and we were credited back our resort fee. Internet connection sucked, and they probably knew it.  They could have just said too bad, but apparently they have the discretion to reimburse bad service.  Thank you, Luxor.I had forgotten how nice the lobby is, lots of room and somewhat away from the smokey casino.  Easy check-in. The room was very nice.  Nice tiled walls and bathroom, comfortable beds.  Yes, it is a little ways to the strip, but glad it was on the opposite side of MGM.  Easy to catch the tram to Excalibur and then make your way north. Easy walk to Mandalay also.I am glad it is located on the southwest end of the strip. Less crowded than the other side and strip area, yet easy to get to if so inclined.Elevators are kind of strange.  Noisy, probably because of the angle they travel to get you to your room.  Sounds like a wooden rollercoaster. Reminds me of the Wonkavator.Great restaurants and things to do here.  I can see myself staying here again.
2	We stayed here for my son's birthday. He didn't like being up so high in the hotel. Our room smelled like stale cigs and was supposed to be non smoking....rightttttt...the location was way further down from the strip than I anticipated. Our room was clean, our check in was swift surprisingly, I showed Military ID and that seemed to help. My Mom wasn't happy with. The casinos. They take your life savings and u win nothing, but I guess that's Vegas right....Don't plan on staying there again...too much of a hassle.
4	Stayed there with our 2 kids this past weekend.  Had a great time. Not really the Luxor's fault but why is Starbucks not open until 8am.  Pain!
3	This is an updated review with my experience in the Tower Deluxe Room in the West Wing Tower. It's a bit more affordable then my previous stay. It's also away from the main crowd, so it's naturally quieter. In the West Wing tower, there is a pool, spa, work out center, and a couple of business terminals in a hall way. The room itself is reasonably sized, but a great value considering the cost. The work area is decent - although, it's too comfortable. I feel asleep a couple of times in that chair after a long day working at a tradeshow. The work area is configured more for lounging with a drink in hand, versus working on a computer. What cost the fourth star is the mist that is circulated in the atmosphere to mask the cigarette smoke. The smell is a poor attempt to hide the smoke, and increases the mass of the particles in the air - allowing the particles to cling to items more often, such as clothing, suit cases, computers, or even my respiratory system. I don't like that mist, and I don't like how I have to spend hours on end in a hot shower to attempt to clear my respiratory system of that mist. Cigarette smell, I can deal with; masking agents which clings to cigarettes smoke and make the mass of the particle mass larger - I don't like.
1	We were only staying one night and saw the rate on this hotel was $40 a night on their website. We get there and they want $48 as a walk in. Really for $8 bucks I will make you wait and make a rez on my phone! After some arguing she agrees to the internet price. Then there is a mandatory "resort fee" of $20 for things we will never use!! No wireless internet are you kidding me?? Resort fee included wired internet only. So if you stay here be prepared to pay 50% more than advertised!Second impression is the inclinator. It is dirty and has not been seen any maintnence in at least a decade! Nasty brass walls, broken tiles, and the floor numbers have fallen off and been written in with a Sharpie marker. They are also slow and very noisy/shaky. The room... we stayed here because the website made it appear that they had upgraded their rooms. Nope just threw out the bed spreads and replaced it with a sheet. That's all. Same gross wall paper, old abused furniture, and a now a bizarre painting that doesn't match the theme. The worst part was staying during 100 degree heat and not having a great A/C unit. We have stayed here multiple times in the past and have never had a great working AC unit it the room. The moral is you get what you pay for. Cheap means cheap. Next time I will pay more and go somewhere else. I said this last time we stayed here but I truly thought they updated. I will not ever stay here again.
3	Luxor is one of the "older" hotel/casinos on the Strip, and you can definitely tell. Paint is peeling off the walls, there are stains in places, and it definitely has a worn in feel to it.It is cheaper than most places on the Strip, however, and the staff are nice enough.Our room smelled of pot, but not so bad that we couldn't sleep through it.
1	Cool theme hotel however: (1) the Timeshare Sales people are way too pushy and this makes a very poor initial impression (made me feel like bait fish being hunted by Sharks), and (2) the cigarette smoke is very very BAD. Even my nonsmoking room was imbued with cigarette smoke from the Casino!  I had a hard time breathing so, if you don't like cigarette smoke or have respiratory problems avoid the Luxor.   When we walked through the Mandalay Bay, Venetian, and Bellagio Hotels the air was a lot better.  Got home and all our clothes wreaked of cigarette smoke...don't want to go back.
3	I enjoyed my hotel experience from 4/23-4/26. Love the lobby/casino/bar/everything else in one area. 2 things I didn't like was that their room key locked my wife out of the room on 2 occasions and the annoying salespeople trying to sell you time shares. Who are they? They will greet you and say "hi, are you here for a few days and older than 25?" Basically, they want you to tour another hotel for 8 hours!!!pshh! AIN'T NOBODY GOT TIME FO DAT!!!!!!Unless you have a FULL day to waist in vegas its good. But for 90% of the guests walking in the hotel they are just annoying. Everything else In the hotel was 5/5 stars, but the salespeople took away 2.
2	There is mandatory resort fee added to each room, but it still does not include the wireless internet. You need to pay extra for everything! Long distance walking from parking self to lobby, and to each room. We had to give our car for valet each time we stepped out.Poor service overall!.the room was really nice and clean but I was not impressed with the hallways and the views from the hallways. The hallways didn't look maintained with trim missing and carpet that was uneven. When we looked over the railing in the hallway, it looked very dirty. We saw lots of garbage and empty boxes. The price was cheap but I think I would try a different place next time. The Luxor is an older hotel so it's a little worn. No coffeemaker in our room. The staff was helpful and friendly. The cigarette smoke throughout the casino..I purchased 2 nights at Luxor on a 30% off sale. I thought its on the strip and owned by MGM so it can't be that bad! But apparently there is a big difference between staying in a pyramid room and the tower. Our room was really old, Overall, the staff is nice and its its not the worst hotel on the strip. But I feel that if you can spend the extra money go elsewhere! If you are just looking for a head and a bed you might not mind as much but it was very far off down the strip from the places we want to go so either plan on spending more on taxis or trying to walk through the other hotels. Vegas is not as walkable as you would like to think, you basically have to use the other hotels to even move around! Food is way too expensive and no coffemaker in the room was a big deal breaker for me :-( There are much better hotels on the strip.Will certainly not be staying @ Luxor again
4	I like that parking is easy at the Luxor and they work with Hotwire to offer deeply discounted rooms. So far I have never failed to get a free upgrade on a room there, either. I also like how the gaming area is completely separate from the rooms and from the food court. Ihave not eaten at their buffet, but wish the all-day food pass was 24-hr instead of lasting only from the time you check in until the buffet closes.  I also would prefer that the whole pool be open, instead of one tiny little corner. Refrigerators in every room would be nice, too, and that would be an issue if I ever paid full price for the room, but one can hardly complain when the room is clean, spacious, well appointed, and ridiculously cheap.
2	Upstairs is better. The downstairs part is kinda ghetto.
5	I super duper love this place. Among all the hotels that I've checked in, this is what I would say, the best. I am so impressed with the architecture. Every floor has Egyptian relics, paintings, even their soap is formed pyramid. When I was walking around front and back of the hotel, every wall was built with so much attention and details, I couldn't find a spot that has flaws.Other hotels like Mandalay Bay for example is nice and a really luxurious hotel, but the Luxor was given so much architectural details. Also, hotel accommodation is reasonable enough. Inside the bedroom are not just some ordinary cabinets. And their bathroom has separate shower and bathtub. The only thing I can say I dislike, is that the hotel is so big that there's east and west wing going to your room. So after you've been walking all day, make sure you have still have enough energy to walk back to your room.
3	The Luxor is always nice for the money.  It is one of the cheaper larger hotels directly on the strip.  has great architectural delights, and smells heavenly of vanilla pumped through the whole place.   My mistake to book on Hotwire, where I was not told that I would be charged an additional resort fee plus, a resort fee tax that added an additional $20.16 a day!  So that put me at $132.13 a day - which I probably could have taken that and stayed somewhere more unlike a 'tomb'.  It wasn't very busy and kind of 'dead'.   You do get a coupon book, but then if you forget to use it,  you aren't reminded either...the lunch buffet had a $3 coupon off, but we weren't even asked if we had any coupons...(by the way the food was not tasty - so avoid!)  We liked staying in the West Tower, it was quiet.  Good luck finding food there after midnight - you'll have to go down the strip.  I would stay there again, but they really need to give a better deal if they want to liven up the place!  Pool was great!  loved the pool, that was the highlight.
3	I stayed here in the main pyramid for the first time last week, attending a conference. Compared to some places I've stayed, Luxor is just fine, especially if you're not in your room much. Granted, it's not Cosmo, Encore, Wynne, or Bellagio, but for a fairly cheap rate, you get a decent room here, and a bed that's comfortable enough.(You also get to miss out on most of the drunken Ed Hardy douche-baggery of guests in the hotels I just mentioned)Luxor is 20 years old and has not been treated kindly, so yes, there is wear and tear obvious in many spots, the room had an older hotel smell, and the "inclinators" are shaky and not aging well. But, the ceiling, floor and one wall of my room was solid concrete, so no worries about loud neighbors, it was relatively clean overall, not too crowded, the staff was mostly helpful and friendly, and I never saw any of the dreaded time-share salespeopleCasino staff were friendly and fun, and the restaurant choices are actually decent here, too.
2	Found the hotel a little confusing and the air seemed stuffy. Room were ok, friend found a dust bunny the size of a cat when the room curtains were moved. Seemed more than a few guests had got great room deals when they listened to a time share presentation.
2	Run down! Cheap looking!
3	It's not a bad hotel, just dont expect too much from it. I was actually surprised that it's so quiet in the rooms even though the casino is right outside the door.  The AC unit doesn't get very cold (might of just been my room), beds are pretty comfortable. My only real complaint would be that the curtains don't cover the window completely, so the morning sun is right in my face, though nothing a pillow fort can't handle!
2	This is an old hotel and unfortunately not well maintained. Wear and tear in many spots, and the elevator was shaking all the up (a good reminder not to skip Church on Sunday). The ambiance was depressing  and some of the staff are not really that friendly (most were friendly though)The room was relatively clean, the bed is goodLuckily I only stayed there for a day
2	Good LOCATION,  seems it has gone down hill.  Buffet - don't waste your time, McDs style chicken nuggets with sweet glaze they call that "Sweet Sour Chicken" - no joke.  Staff at front desk were nice.  We would have stayed some place else but all inclusive package was good, although frobt desk staff needed help with check in.  Slots are poor pay outs.  Housekeeping were friendly.
4	Dear Luxor: I wish I knew how to quit you! This past weekend, my friends and I stayed at the Hard Rock, and it was TERRIBLE. We dropped a lot of money on a suite that wasn't worth it, experienced terrible customer service, and felt like we were ripped off of our time, money, and holiday weekend. The whole time, we kept wishing we would have stayed at our spa suite at the Luxor like we have been for years now (although we were told the jets aren't working). You may not be the fanciest hotel, but the staff is always friendly, the rooms are nice, and the atmosphere is fun, but not over the top or douchey. Plenty to do with the nice lounge downstairs, Tacos and Tequila, and the Body and Titanic exhibits. I can go to the shopping center and pick up some bubble bath at Lush, or just walk around the lobby....it's kinda quiet and calming! We plan on going back in July to celebrate our friend's birthday (and to re-do what happened this weekend), and we WILL be staying at Luxor. We hope you'll be good to us and deliver a fun, relaxing weekend as we have come to now expect. See you soon :)
3	I come to this place because it sound like name of super elf. Overall this place average like shiny caml. Cool thing was that the structural layout of the building house was shape like food pyramid. That where wonderment end. Room average. Stores average like palce of massive average. Price of buffet make monster wallet sick. Oh but good thing was that place of eat call Burger Bar located in the place of here, and IT TOO VERY GOOD VERY COME BACK SOON. Also rooms nothing special, remind me of giant closet that one friend of mine live in overall 3/5 pus factory
1	Extremely unsatisfied w/my recent stay (memorial day weekend, which I DO NOT suggest)...my room had ROACHES! In addition to terrible plumbing. The man @ the front desk, I believe his name was Corey, was rude as s**t! I asked to speak w/a 'manager' & was met w/"I am him." When asked what he was going to be able to do for us to help accommodate us, he told me "there is nothing I can do for you tonight...if anything can be done, it won't be until tomorrow @ 11am...". That was NOT good enough. So tell me, exactly how am I supposed to sleep comfortably?! When asked whether or not he lived &/or slept w/pests...he had no answer. I was offered "half of 1 night" half?! Half of 1 night when it was $600+ for our stay?! Was there half a damn roach in my room?! & this all just adds to the fact that our shower AND sink DID NOT drain correctly. While showering, we had to re-wash our feet after getting out the shower, why? Because the water was not draining! We basically were standing in my own shower water. Needless to say, we left this NASTY a** establishment & have made sure to let any & every1 we know NOT to stay here, EVER! Do. Not. Stay. Here. If. You. Have. A. Choice.
3	Booked a Pyramid room, and was upgraded to a West Tower room for free. Got a lot of good use out of the coupon book. 30$ in free drinks? Two of those?Traveling alone, I appreciated this. I saw the dings about, the chipped plaster, but paying 40(58 incl resort fee) per night, I happily overlook this.The tower smelled great. I know this sounds silly, but it smelled fresh. The room and the tower. And it WAS clean. Like, clean. Turning on the hot water on the 10th floor, hot water showed up immediately. Had two queen beds in the room, and I know I'm skinny, But I had to use the comforter from the 2nd bed. Thin sheets, my only complaint. However, A/C blows ice cold! I had a great time on an awesome price. There is wear and tear about, but I would stay here again for sure.  I appreciated the younger crown it attracted.  The staff smiled back at me when I smiled at them in passing. This isnt Mandalay Bay....but the rif-raff stays next door at Excalibur. I would for sure stay again.
1	If I could give NO stars, I completely would. I actually waited a while before I decided to leave this review, only because I hate to be a jerk. However, if I help sway someone to decide NOT to stay at Luxor, I'll sleep better at night. I stayed at this hotel last September while attending a trade show for work. We decided to go with it because it was on the less expensive side, and none of the people attending had ever stayed. The reviews looked decent, and we figured we wouldn't spend much time in the room anyway. Long story short, in the course of the two nights we stayed at the Luxor, we saw AT LEAST 15 cockroaches. COCKROACHES. Something I have never encountered at a hotel in my entire life. There were dead ones, live ones, and I even found one in my bag. Aside from this, the hotel itself is pretty run down, and you can spot trash lining the tops of the artificial buildings through out the hotel. I can almost guarantee that is what attracts many of the cockroaches. Ultimately, we did not stay the last night and were refunded the full amount of our stay. When we told the front desk, it was as if they were used to hearing people complain about cockroaches in the room. Bottom line is, I would never stay at Luxor again, nor would I recommend it to anyone I know. Or don't know.
1	The only hotel in the country WITHOUT WIRELESS, however they charge a $25 per day 'resort fee' for internet.
4	Stayed here for a friends recent 30th birthday celebrations and I was surprised at how nice it was. Though I'm a fan of the Cosmo and Monte Carlo, I would definitely consider this place again.ROOMS: The rooms were updated. We had a suite that had a living area, a jacuzzi tub inside, and a nice updated bathroom. Because we were so high up, we got to look down over the casino. I'm afraid of heights so it was a little terrifying, especially since there isn't really anything but a small wall to keep you from climbing over. I wonder how many drunk people accidentally plummet to their demise?Because the hotel is in the shape of a pyramid, the elevators move in a diagonal. The rooms are set up that way, too. Because of this odd shape, there are weird pockets of empty space where furniture doesn't fit which I'm guessing was a interior decorating nightmare for the poor designers. Overall, the room was nice and clean and since it was non-smoking, smelled fresh the duration of the trip.POOL: This was nice and it's located near the parking structure. They provide towels and a lot of adult beverages at the pool. They aren't the cheapest ($30 for a bucket of 6 beers) and we went with the Shocktops which actually came in can form. I'm guessing it's because you can't have glass by the pool, but if you're a Bud drinker, the cans are aluminum so you're okay.The water is shallow and they have some pedestals in the middle where you can lounge or do as we did and rest your drinks on it. They have the VIP cabanas and pool for those people that think they are high rollers and plenty of lifeguards on deck in case you drown.PARKING: Super easy in an adjacent structure. You don't have to maneuver much through the casino to find the check-in area. They even have a motorcycle parking area if you're on two wheels. INTERNET: We could never connect, so if you're in need to do work, I would maybe try to find another spot in the hotel.If you can get a cheap rate, it's worth it. Especially if you're just going to be out on the town anyways.
1	HORRIBLE!!! okay so I had  stayed here before and it wasn't that bad but this time omg the room was horrible ! my husband and I got a suite w/ a Jacuzzi in the room which I thought was cool but it turned out it was more of a bath tub cuz not a jacuzzi . The curtains were stain as one : there was a killer that sprayed blood over them or two: some "hangover " wannabes spilled champion on it ... it was discus ting . next for some reason there was a huge whole on the wall in the room, like as if someone had jacked the safe or someone was hiding in there and gonna come out during the nite and not to mention the 5 spider bites I got on my arm T.T , I can say ive stayed at motel 8's better than this. No fridge , no coffee pot , no blow dyer , and no remote control . If you must stay at Luxor do not stay in the pyramid unless you do not mind any of the above lol I guess this is what you get for $50 bucks since  i stayed during the week but cant image those poor people that pay more for this.
3	Had a nice stay here at the Luxor. Great price for a nice room.
5	I love the Luxor simply because I can always get a great deal here! We spent a Tuesday night here for $28.02 ($7.86/night and 20.16 for the resort fee) - How to get it cheap? Just message me. Almost the cheapest on the strip! Quad is the cheapest. Can't beat that. haha. - Love the coupon book. Good for restaurant credits!- Comfortable beds and nice bathroom. - Nice views. - Great fitness center! clean. much equipment with nice view of pool.
3	I don't consider that I am a Vegas expert, but I do think I am more knowledgable than the normal person.  I was here this week for a conference.  Being that the conference was located in the Luxor, it only made sense that I stayed here for convenience reasons.  The luxor is definately not one of MGM's higher properties.  Just walk around the casino and you can tell from the clientele that this place doesn't cater to higher class clients.  The rooms feel dated and I could hear the neighboring rooms during the night. I recommend staying in the west tower over the pyramid rooms. They seem newer.  The casino was ok. I found myself walking across to the Mandalay bay to gamble just because it had a better "feel".  So in closing, the Luxor is just ok.  I'd definately stay here if I was looking for a cheaper option on the strip but don't expect to get blown away by this property.
3	I remember when I was younger and saw the Luxor for the first time. I wanted to stay there! When visiting Vegas recently, I decided to fork out the cash to satisfy my inner child. I don't regret staying in the Luxor - it was clean and quiet - but it wasn't what I was expecting. It's just a middle class hotel, really, and if that's what you want and the Luxor is offering a good rate, then go for it. Just make sure to learn about the resort fee before you make your reservation.As for my experience, the Luxor was clean but the shower drain was clogged, causing an overflow onto the bathroom floor. Our room had a view of the strip, although being on the south end of the strip, the view wasn't impressive at all. The sloped window was impressive for all of two seconds. Check-in was a breeze. Finally, I'll mention that the salespeople working the hotel floor were a little annoying.
3	What can I say? I guess I expected more. Nothing like a Memorial Day weekend to experience Las Vegas in all of its glory. Wall to wall people, having a good time, throwing drinks back and losing money. Our stay started with a quick checkin. I booked the tower as I read it was the most recently renovated and newer rooms (as opposed to the pyramid). The elevators where off the beaten path and half of the buttons didnt work on our floor. The room was less than spectacular. The hardware showed age and there was some tarnish present. The TV was horrid, but who really comes to Vegas to watch TV? If anything the room served its purpose....To keep you out of it. The bed was comfortable, no issues there. And everything worked. The Luxors price point is one of the lowest on the strip, if anything it makes for decent and affordable accommodations. On non-holiday weekends its insane how low it cost.As far as the casino and entertainment goes, I cant speak much for it, because we spent time elsewhere. The Luxor had to have been the least populated joint of all the strip hotels that weekend. The only saving grace was that it was a quick (and oh so air conditioned) walk to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur (the latter of which suffers from a similar aura of blandness).It was cheap, and for a good reason. Id look elsewhere if you'd like the full package (gaming, dining, entertainment) in one resort. However, if you dont mind a short walk it makes for a very affordable place to crash at nigh.
5	So far, so good!I've been graced with the task of driving out to Vegas tomorrow night to sell a used Mercedes to a client in Vegas... so I called Luxor yesterday to book a room and spoke with Ken, reservation guy, and Julia, MLIFE VIP Supervisor, and they hooked it up big time! Very, very nice people. I've never stayed at Luxor previously, but I'm hoping the remaining experience is just as smooth as the one I just had. Updated review will follow :)
1	Day 1Checked in to the Luxor Hotel and Casino this afternoon.  Long line at registration, but it did move quickly; there was a representative at the front of the line to greet people and she was very personable.  I overheard her talking to the group in front of us about all the different things that the registration clerk would let them know (Buffet's, Show's, etc).  However, our clerk was strictly by the book.  He was very un-personable and we had to pull info our of him.  Not exactly setting a good first impression.  However, he did upgrade us to a tower for free.  We self parked and walked back to our room.  The parking garage is behind the casino and we had to walk back to the front door just to find our way to our room.  There needs to be a better path to your room from the parking garage.After we finally made it our room I had to call the front desk to ask where is the ether net cable to log on to the net.  Common sense would put it at the desk in the room but no...it was behind the TV.  Right now I have it stretched across the room so that I can use the net.When I was on hold for the front desk; I heard a recording about having a refrigerator sent to my room so I called back to inquire about the price...$25 a day.The Ice Bucket is big enough to fit one bottled water in it and that's all.  So I had to use one of the trash cans as an Ice Bucket.If you are a germ-a-phob then don't look in the bathroom.  As I was standing next to the toilet I looked up at the vent and notice that it hadn't been cleaned in months (at the least).The good.  The Bell service is very friendly and quick.  Love the Bell service.The toilet has one of those powerful flushes that make you proud to sit on the throne.Love the Hand Soap shaped like a pyramid.
2	First time I've stayed here and it will be the last. Was it cheap? Yeah but I guess you pay for what you get. The lounge and casino area are nice but because of the unique pyramid shape of the building, it is easy to get lost. You feel like you're doing laps the entire time.The restaurants inside were expensive and the food was mediocre at best. Rice & Company is an Asian fusion place. I spend $30 on Americanized imitation Chinese food and it was not good.My room was clean, but it was small and old. The shower drain was clogged so the water did not drain down during a shower. Big minus for me there.Overall, my stay was below average.
4	First thing's first... parking here freaking sucks. I guess it doesn't help that I arrived at 1 AM, but it's not fun to walk from the end of the lot to check in when you're starving and have been on the road for 4 hours! Once inside, I was very surprised at the lack of smoke smell... it actually smelled... vanilla-like? I was definitely very pleased with that aspect of the hotel. Check-in was pretty quick, and the lady extended our check-out time by an hour for "courtesy".... personally, if my check in is at 3 PM and I'm getting in 10 hours later, I should get more than an hour! For me, the room did everything I needed it to do. A bed, bathroom, and shower. No fancy view, just one night and I'm out of there in the morning to head back home. As others mentioned, yes, some of the hotel needs a bit of updating but whaattevvver... I can live with that.Express check out on the iPad was nice and the 24 hours McDonalds was always convenient at 1 AM and at 9 AM. Would I stay here again? Yeah, probably... if it was quick.I personally didn't find it too convenient for the strip, but still a decent hotel for the price!
2	The only reason I gave 2 stars was because my  coupon book was nice lots of free drink coupons, club LAX was nice and I love the bling out T shirt I bought at the gift shop. I only stayed here because my BFF was getting married and I needed to be close. If I would have known what I know now I would have stayed next door.  I took one for the game. I felt like I was at Motel 6. The room was smaller then my dressing room at home. (ok bad example my dressing room is overly large. )The room was hot all weekend long I think it's cause the angle of the windows I don't know I'm not an architect but I'm use to the best. The  toilet was cracked and the elevator omg  lets just say don't drink and ride. And don't ride drunk it's a bumpy ride. Oh and the buffet was terrible I wish I had read the Yelp reviews before I went.  Everywhere you went  in the hotel someone was trying to sell you timeshare(look lady i just need directions) I felt like i was in Mexico.  I  go to Vegas alot and Lets just say the Luxor has never been on my list of places to stay and I see why.  And who don't have WiFi anymore? The luxor only has two places in the whole resort where you can find a hot spot.  That is crazy I think they should take the resort fee off for that.
2	Stayed here while we celebrated my brother's bachelor party for several days not too long ago. Got 2 pyramid suites on the same floor with two queen beds in each so it accomodated the 6 of us pretty well. The quality of the room was like a motel 6, beds were unremarkable, but watching my brother's hungover fat friend soak himself in the large tub in the corner of the suite proved amusing. Can't complain about the price, $80 a night for each suite. They told me no wifi in the room even if I paid for it, but hey there is complimentary WIRED internet in the room! Is this place stuck in the year 2000? Do people other than business men still travel with their laptops/notebooks? I thought most people have smart phones and tablets these days. No wifi.... pfffft.  My reservation included a "20 dollar food and beverage credit" per room. Funny thing was, this credit was only useable at the nicer restaurants where all the entrees are at least $30 or $40 or so...... The staff was friendly for the most part, no complaints there. Again the big part for me was the hidden resort fee. (on top of my prepaid room) I was never informed of the resort fee, at check in or at check out. $40 per room. The lady in the accounting department days later told me that $40 "includes FREE wired internet, a FREE newspaper, FREE pool access and FREE access to the gym!!!" Well its not really FREE then is it???!?!?!? Lastly, while calling the hotel days later to inquire about the surprise resort fees that showed up on my credit card I had to wait fifty minutes.....  Each time I called them I was able to get through to a reservations agent within seconds, but accounting? I had to wait FIFTY minutes! I counted them! Im serious. Their accounting was in some central off site call center too, its not like it was some small team there at the hotel! Just this process of TRYING to inquire about my extra fees was honestly what pushed me over the edge from a "not that great stay" to "im never staying there again" as well as inspired this review. NEVER AGAIN LUXOR! NEVER AGAIN!One last detail: I threw up on the elevator. And im not sorry. (Yes ON it.)
1	I would GIVE all NEGATIVE stars but I must place one to leave review. They don't even deserve one. First off, Luxor is a piece of shit hotel, Idc if people ever 5starred it, it was far from. I called made reservations days in advanced confirming having a fridge in my room for medical reasons at no charge, the lady I spoke with told me I could have a fridge in room free just let front desk know upon arrival. I finally arrive hotel they said no fridge unless I pay $25 a day for it, I'm like I just spent a grand with you to stay for the weekend... I than asked if they had a place in kitchen or office to keep my medication cooled they were very rude sad no. I should of left than. I paid all fees, entire stay billing, taxes etc so that nothing else was charged on my card. My 3rd and last day there I arrived back at hotel hour past check out due to me being in hospital because I didn't have my medication on me on hand, I had leave with a friend 1/2 hour away from hotel to keep in their fridge. I arrive at noon guy said no exceptions for extended late chk out. Will be charged for an entire extra day at $130+ dollars, I started crying, gave them my hospital form explaining, they gave me 1 hour to go up 3rd floor grab all my shit run to my car and ack hotel chk out by 1. Yet to mention I just got back from the damn hospital. I than did an express chk out via phone in room. After I drove 8 hrs get home I checked my bank and they pulled out an additional $460 unauthorized from my bank, for no reason no explanation. I was furious. I than tried calling 3 different times trying talk to someone they put me on hold for about 30+ min everytime than hang up on me. I than went to email instead and they still have not responded.  I'm so tired of dealing with it. I just want my money back. They are rude not worth a penny not worth the stay. Fuck Luxor. Worst hotel in Vegas might as well be ghetto motel it's worst than motel
2	THIS REVIEW IS FOR YOU STARBUCKS LOVERS.For you Starbucks members, don't expect to get rewards or anything here. The first time I came here, they said that they couldn't give us the free drink (every 12th drink for a gold member is free) and they didn't give a good explanation. Finally, they said that they're not a part of the actual starbucks. OKAY. The second time I came here, I wanted to reload my card. They can't do that here either! The barista was not friendly at all when she informed me about this. I ordered a grande iced hazelnut macchiato. Disgusting. She put in way too much hazelnut and the espresso tasted burnt. I was too lazy to go back so I tried to bear with it but ended up throwing it away. This happened at the one downstairs next to Blizz(?). There's another one upstairs at the food court. My friend goes to ask for a refill, as gold card members can. Again, they say that they can't. She asks for a cup of water and they gave her a small sample paper cup and said that they can't give her more than that. What the heck? I'm not planning on coming here again. Sucks for gold card members and their baristas are rude and suck. There's plenty of other Starbucks around in Vegas so go check out one of those.
3	We were in Vegas this past weekend for EDC. The hotel was good however it does need to upgrade their internet to wireless. Bathtub did not drain properly, but other than that no other issues. The overall look of the hotel outside and inside is pretty cool. Not pricey.
3	Served me just fine!We were in one of the towers, so we had a view of the back of the Pyramid. We didn't have any of the trials and tribulations with parking, etc... because we didn't have a car and were shuttled back and forth from the airport. The room was nice enough, and clean so I have no complaints there. The restaurants were decent. I was particularly pleased with Cat House's (see separate review) ambiance and food. Very tasty! We got free admission into Cat House and LAX by wandering around in the building earlier in the day. LAX was not particularly my thing, but thats okay. For being on the south end of The Strip, it was still fairly easy to get around. Especially if you are not opposed to walking. Also the connecting breeze way to Mandalay Bay was nice, and one of my favorite restaurants I ate at was there: Burger Bar.
1	what a dump this was the worst room we have ever had on the strip the shower in our room would not drain properly there was a hole in the ceiling with mold in it all around a very dirty Hotel they should put this hotel on Hotel rescue TV show we planned on staying there several days but instead we went across the street and checked into the Tropicana big difference Tropicana is much nicer cleaner all around better place to stay
3	Cheap and a bit further down the strip. I stayed here by myself and the concierge and front house staff were very friendly and gave me a room in the tower with free internet.It is a short walk to the strip but you are at the bottom part of it.The hotel is a bit older than the others but I was  satisfied with the cleanliness and price.
1	One of the worst places to stay in Vegas.  LOTS of TLC needed at the Luxor.  It's like the management folks pulled the cleaning and building maintenance crew's budget.  We HAD to stay here last weekend because the town was super busy with the Electric Daisy Carnival.  2nd time I stayed here in the last 3 months and I do NOT recommend.The rooms in the pyramid have been ignored for years and the worst part - the a/c 's do not work properly in the rooms!!!!
4	I was nervous about staying here after reading the reviews but since the conference that we were there for was at Mandalay Bay it didn't make sense to stay further up strip. Yes the hotel is at the very end of the strip so if you want to be in the heart of the action this is not the hotel for you. We were upgraded to a tower deluxe queen room (15th floor) and it was nice. It was clean and spacious. We also checked for Bed bugs (which I do at every hotel) and did not find any signs. The service we received was good, not stellar but good. Every night when we came home it was clean. We had no incidences of theft either. As far as the casino, I'm not a big gambler but they were very available for the complimentary drinks. There was a old smoke smell to the place but not as bad as I had expected based on the reviews.If you are going to stay on the end of the strip or looking for a deal the Luxor is a good place, but get a tower room!
3	The mall is awesome. the casino is a little creepy. We didn't stay here, just casino hopped. The architecture tripped me up a bit because I was afraid the ceiling was going to collapse. hahah... beautiful though. The casino area needs to be updated a little bit too... otherwise pretty cool!
2	Never staying here again. I stayed here for a week long conference that was held in Mandalay Bay. The bf and I thought it would be a good idea to stay here b/c of the indoor walkway to Mandalay Bay.The room was in one of the side buildings (not in the actual pyramid). It was roomy and decent until we started noticing COCKROACHES. Yes folks -- LAS CUCARACHAS, in the bathroom. We notified the front desk and all they did was send people in to sweep up the dead cucarachas only to have them re-appear the next day. Never AGAIN. Excalibur is right across the street and it's just as bad, but 1/2 the price.
1	Would not provide a small refrigerator for insulin.  I've stayed at between 20-30 hotels and have never had a hotel refuse me a refrigerator for medical purposes.I called MGM resorts customer service and they told me this was a fine practice and they have no issues with them doing this.Will never be staying at an MGM hotel again.Also this hotel is shit but I'm not even going to get into that
1	We stayed in one of the rooms in the actual Luxor Pyramid.  From a structural standpoint, the elevators in the pyramid are an unpleasant ride.  Every time we went into the elevators, we heard complaints from every guest, us included.  Not only is it uneasy riding "sideways" to your room, the elevators make you more uneasy because of the squeaking and the lack of smoothness of the ride. In our room, everything looked very worn.  On our dresser wardrobe, the paint was faded and one of the handles was missing.  In the bathroom, some of tile had also fallen off.  Overall lighting was poor in both the bathroom and the main room, even when the drapes were drawn back.  My biggest complaint was a huge 4ft by 4ft wet spot between the foot of one of our beds and the door that neighbors the next room.  We had called a few times and let housekeeping know about this incident but the entire weekend we were there, and nobody came up to fix the problem.  We ended up putting a chair to create a bridge over the wet spot since no one came up to fix it, nor did we know what liquid it was.  These were only the major complaints about the hotel.  My overall experience here was very negative and I do not plan on visiting the Luxor again.
1	No joke, if I could give negative stars, I would!My husband and I decided to treat my parents on a mini-vacation to Las Vegas for July 4th and because it was going to be such a short trip, I didn't want to spend a bundle on a hotel. I found a great deal at Luxor Hotel for $36/night. Okay, so I've been to many hotels, motels, inns, you name it, in my life. This was probably worst than Super Motel 8. The other guests at the hotel really factored in my dislike for this hotel. The most unclassy and drunk slob kabobs you will ever meet in your life. The elevators are seriously scary as fudge. When we were in the elevator with the hotel's security guard he said that the elevators are like that because it runs on it's side and the dust collects on the wheels so it makes this loud screeching noise... eeeek! It was like a scene from Final Destination!Decor or the hotel is super tacky and there were ants in our room's restroom. First time I've ever seen an insect staying at a hotel room and I've traveled and stayed to hotel rooms in third world countries.NEVER AGAIN LUXOR!!!
3	It's average.  Nothing great, but cheap and clean.  There are better places to stay.
4	Went to Vegas for a spur of the moment get away.  Got a great rate!  $37/night ( +$20 daily resort fee).Got a nice upgrade once we arrived.  So, we didn't end up in the Pyramid rooms.  I think those are the funky rooms that people mention when talking about diagonal elevators and angled walls in the rooms.We were in the East Tower and our room was perfect!  King Deluxe with oversized tub and large shower.Upon check in we also got a discount book with coupons and a $20 voucher to some Luxor restaurants.* We liked the tram that cut off some of the long trek up the strip.  It runs til 12:30AM.  Nicely air conditioned which is very helpful in 120 degree heat.* Pool - not overly crowded and we were able to get chairs no problem.  But, they do also offer a VIP pool where you pay $10-15/day for entry.  And then they have cabanas and other features as well.  I was bummed that there weren't any slides or fun features...What they should tell you... you can not bring any outside alcohol to the pool area.  I didn't think that would include my 48oz pina colada boot that I bought inside Luxor!?!  So, we had to finish our drinks before we could go by the pool.  Duh...  the point was that I wanted to enjoy my pina colada pool side :-(* we did stop to talk to the time share people and I think we're not going to regret it ;-/for $124 deposit, we have 1 year to come back for a 4 day, 3 night stay at either Luxor or Excalibur.  At that time we'll get back our $124.  So, the room is free!  ya, ya... we'll be picked up by them to go to a time share presentation and breakfast.  But hey... free room :-)  I'll update this review after our return trip!
3	I plopped down here for couple of nights because I thought it would be way cool to stay in a pyramid and it was cool. I really enjoyed the novelty of it all and the lower prices that come with staying at a place located off of "The Strip" were an added bonus. I got a thrill out of all the phony Egyptian things, the silliness of it all and the inclined elevators.My room was spacious, clean and well-appointed though somewhat beginning to show it's age. The desk services friendly but getting around on the ground floor can be somewhat confusing since, like all places in Vegas town, all pathways lead to gambling. I took in a couple of their shows like Blue Man which I thought was over pricey what it was, their restaurants and food services which I found to be marginally OK, but nothing special. If you like lower priced rooms, a lot of hokey contrived stuff and prefer not to be in the heart of Vegas or on the strip like I do, it's a pretty good choice.
4	Tower Rooms are great pyramid rooms not so great.
1	Hm...this is probably my last time staying here. And let me tell you why...I got a discounted room price for $27/night, and I decided to beat the July 4th crowd and booked a room from Monday to Weds (7/3).Room:They gave us a pyramid room 15013, on the 15th floor (via Elevator #2). Decent view of TheHotel and Mandalay Bay Resort, but that's pretty much it. The A/C was like a motel style one where you would have to go through trial & error to find the "right" tempt for the room.  There's no digital reading or measurement, but a dial for fan control (low to high) and tempt (Warm to Cool).  There is a flat screen tv in the room, but the channels all had bad receptions. Bathroom was OK, with a shower and a sink with all the complimentary toiletries.  Beds were comfortable, but I swear the room has fleas.  I had a bug bite on my arm when I woke the next morning, so that was something I was not expecting. And my mom got bitten too, when she sat in one of the room chairs... UGH... LUXOR, if you're reading this, considering FUMIGATING YOUR ROOMS!Elevator:Didn't know the Luxor was an amusement park, too. LOL!  All of the Pyramid Elevators all rattled and roared from one floor to the next.  Hm...if you didn't know any better, you'd expect a sudden drop and free fall when you hit the top floor....luckily that didn't happened.Final Verdict:I have no problem splurging a bit more to stay at a 4 or 5 star resort after this 3 day hotel horror show.  No wonder it was $27/night...they literally exchanged it for blood, and a souvenir of bites to take home.  No.THANKS.LUXOR!
2	I was disappointed with my stay at Luxor 7/2 - 7/5/13.  Thought I was getting a high end hotel but I've stayed at less popular hotels and had a better experience. The worst part was that me and my daughter neck is still hurting from the flat pillows that was on the bed.  I paid $37 one night $40 another night and $135 on the 4th.  They nickle and dime you for everything.  I paid an extra $22 to check in early and over $60 in resort fees.  The wi-fi barely worked at times and the air condition was the worst ever.  I had to keep it on all night.  It still wasn't enough.  Overheard another guest talking about his air condition not working.  I was on the 23rd floor and the elevators are so raggedy and noisy.  Technicians were there the whole time.   The buffet was weak.  We brought the $35 eat all day and I was not impressed at all.  Ate at the Rice Company had a $20 coupon which we used and I appreciated that.  Didn't like the fact that they had separate pools which no one was in the VIP area but about 5 peep.  Had to pay more money for that which was no better than the public pool.  There was nothing special about the pool.  No one was in the cabanas.  Pool open up late and close before night fall.  Saw the Jabbawokeez (sp) and it was disappointing for the price.  They charged fees (electricity) to my ticket.  When I used my card in the slots didn't win anything. Losing $20 every 5 min.   Had to stop using my card to actually play for more than 30 minutes.  Don't plan on staying again.  If I do, will bring my own pillow.
1	I called and booked this room 10 days in advance, and paid in full. I knew I might be arriving early and asked what the early check in policy was, I was told that if a room was available I would be able to check in, nothing was said about a $20 early check in fee, or a resort fee at time of check in. I booked and paid for one room for one night for $50, which became over $92, at time of check in, and when I told the clerk that I was totally misled, she said "Oh well, they should have told you" I was late for a meeting, so couldn't take the time to get another room elsewhere, another mistake! Went to the room, which was a "non smoking room" that smelled of stale smoke and sewer back up in the bathroom. When we were preparing to go to sleep, the A/C could not be adjusted, and it was like a sauna in the room all night.They only had 2 elevators working, therefore there was always a 15-20 minute or more wait. When asked to speek to a manager I was told they were busy, and to go online and post my complaint. This was the worst experience I have ever had in a so called resort hotel.  Go anywhere but here!
1	I would give it 0 star if there was a choice....this is the 2nd time I stayed at the Luxor, I'm tagging along my husband on a business trip. The last time I was here, I had a pretty good experience; maybe it was because i came in 1999, many of the upscale hotels weren't here back then; This time around, comparing to all the other towering hotels, Luxor stands like an ancient ruin.The room was booked under a special rate, that wasn't so much of the reason to make us stay here, it was mainly due to it was very close to the business activities. Under the special rate, we discovered the hotel business is really all about service equals to the dollars you spent. They really could not find a room any worst than the one they gave us, according the Heather at the front desk, it was the LAST room available when we checked in. When I inquired the possibility of changing to a room, she managed to hang up before I finished talking. I told myself "you get what you pay for".After talking to Heather, after getting rid of a fly in the room, after picking some hair, small pieces of litter, not to mention the countless stains on the chairs and bed sheets, I told my husband that there was no way I could stay here. He canceled the remaining of the reservation and we were moving to Vrada. We still stayed for the first night since it was too late to cancel and I was too tired to move.Luxor, you have successfully managed to not getting any return business from me and everyone I know.
1	Thanks so much for making my time in Vegas a very meaningful one.I say that in the most sincere tribute.  I have never known patience like I have when I stayed here..  Thanks so much!  You've taught me how to deal with theft (who steals an In Room Dining menu??), home renovations (The mold on the tiles were a nice touch) and most importantly.. how to *stay* retro (The Ethernet Cable Wire by the tv just gives the middle finger to those "modernists" who opt for WiFi..pphhhttt!)I especially loved how you decided to keep the Buffet food at a lukewarm temperature.  I prefer everything iced, myself, but I guess you can't please everyone.Oh, and thanks for taking all of my money away - nothing like hitting every number I *don't* have chips on the Roulette Table.
1	Got there on a Tues night 10:30 pm no valet parking, long check-in line, employees standing around joking. In the room no coffee maker, no robes, no Wi-Fi, food blah and over-priced. No in room insulation so you can hear every drunken conversation after hours. Charge extra for the pool if you don't want to "hang" with the MTV pool party crowd. Incessant dance music played. Chris Angel a big disappointment, Carrot Top was the best thing about this hotel. Contracted athletes foot from the shower as a souvenir. The Pharohs would surely weep.
1	7/6/13The Pyramid appeal stops at the lobby here. We were stuck in Las Vegas for an extra day because of a plane crash in San Francisco. Being an upper-tier member of United, the airline offers us a crashpad at Luxor, which, to me, is a dump.*Pyramid room 13011. Piping hot even the curtains were drawn---the gurgling air condition unit is barely working. We decided to drop off the bags and luggage, go out to grab food and come back to see if the room had cooled down. About two hours later we returned, the room hardly cooled, and the hallway outside was way cooler than the room No refrigerator. No ice bucket. No bottled water. WTF?!*Called front desk and got the response that they were completely full house. The clerk said she would send an engineer to examine the a/c but could not say how soon the engineer will be there. After the airport delay and cancellation, we were not in the mood to be out and about in the heat. We just wanted to rest so we asked for a new room. The request was denied by Shelley.*She did offer a room on the 2nd floor in the Pyramid, but only if the engineer came to confirm a/c unit is not working. *SIGH* Later they relented to give us the room so we packed up again and went down to front desk again to exchange room. Another clerk, who was way more sympathetic with our situation, offered us free upgrade to a room on 7th floor in the West Floor. So much better, and cooler, with  much better fixtures and amenity.*New room (West Tower 7212) is nice enough, but nothing like what I'm used to. They have NO IN-ROOM WIFI despite the mandatory $18 resort fee. No complimentary bottled water. No refrigerator. No rain shower. Overall this is not my kind of hotel. Poor choices of restaurants, more catering toward the chain-restaurant/fastfood crowds. Hallways reek of cigarette. Poor noise insulation. It is no wonder this is offered as a free crashpad. Luxor is definitely on the low end of the Strip. Tropicana across the street has a makeover so spare yourself from this horrible hotel if you prefer a room in the $30-$60 price range. We didn't even bother to hang around here, spent most of the next 32 hours in Mandalay Bay.
3	The Building is very impressive but confusing. Rooms are ok. There are not enough covered parking spots. Pool closes around 8pm (bad!!). "MORE"-Buffet is awesome though (but extra charge). Hotel is ok but I'd go for another the next time
4	After staying at the Luxor for 3 nights, it has become quite clear to me that a lot, not all, but a lot of people who have posted bad reviews did NOT read the reviews for themselves and prepare appropriately.  They just booked a hotel, didn't try to learn from the information provided by other reviewers, didn't read the fine print or ask about "any additional fees," and didn't call the hotel and ask "what will be my total due at check-out with all applicable taxes and fees?"  I imagine that most of the dissatisfied reviewers simply did not do their due diligence & research before choosing a hotel.That said, I'm a planner...in addition to being cheap.  And Luxor had one of the best rates on the strip.  And I wanted to experience the architecture by staying in the pyramid.  Now granted, we were at the south end of the strip, but between Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, New York-New York and the MGM Grand, my friends had and I had one hell of a time in Vegas.  THE RATE:  The best rate you will ever get for an MGM property, including Luxor, will not come from Travelocity, Kayak, Vegas.com or even Luxor's own website.  No.  If you're interested in staying at an MGM property, from the most affordable Excalibur to the high-end Aria, you want to start by becoming an "M-Life" member.  This is MGM's loyalty, comps & rewards program, and it is FREE to join.  I originally booked directly through Luxor's website and got a rate of $40/night with a $30 food & beverage credit.  I READ THE REVIEWS HERE about the extra $18-20 daily resort fee and anticipated that my total for the stay was going to be about $200 for my THREE night stay which I was okay with.  Then I figured, since I'm going to stay at an MGM property, I should look into their Mlife program.  After joining, I saw that you could book a room directly through the program and found a rate for Luxor for $29 per night!!!  Since MGM properties let you cancel with no fees or penalties, and as long as you are not within 48 hours of arrival, I canceled my old reservation and booked through Mlife.  My new total for the trip, after all taxes & fees, was now $160!!!  Now...there was no food & beverage credit with the new rate (but keep reading below about the coupon book), and you might think it would be a wash since the $11 per night that I'm saving would work out to $33 total.  But keep in mind that now I would saving a bit more money because now I'm only paying taxes on $29 per night as oppose to $40 - and those savings come out to about the cost of a drink at the hotel bar.CHECK IN:  Being the planner that I am and having read the reviews, I saw that everyone was talking about how hot their hotel room was because it's 105-110 degrees outside.....I WROTE A REALLY LONG REVIEW WHICH I WILL NOT CONDENSE.  PLEASE VISIT MY BLOG TO GET THE FULL REVIEW:  http://markaprior.wordpress.com/2013/07/20/it-cant-be-all-politics/
3	For an upscale Vegas hotel, the rooms were...surprising not that exciting. We got some average-priced hotel rooms with the slant, but the elevator ride up was a nightmare (each elevator was a bit shaky, or noisy, or made sounds) and while the pyramid soap was interesting, the lack of wifi in the room wasn't that great.The main casino floor was nice - semi-easy to get lost in, if you weren't paying attention, but easy enough to navigate after a bit. The pool was nice, but a lot of the stuff is expensive.Otherwise, it was ok. Not the best, but it was ok.
1	How is this hotel considered a 4 star resort?!  Never would have chosen this place on my own, but got suckered by Hotwire.  First we get there and valet is full, even for guests.  Then then AC units in this place suck apparently, thank goodness it had cooled down with the rain.  Went to the pool and it was awful.  No ambiance whatsoever and the water was so murky it was gross.  The entire property is very unkempt.   If your not going to take care of it anymore, emplode it!!!!
3	After I booked our stay at the Luxor I came to Yelp to see the reviews. After reading some I got a little discouraged to stay there. BUT, you shouldn't believe EVERYTHING till you've encountered it yourself. Everyone has their OWN opinions, these are mine. We (my fiance, my 16mon old daughter, & I) stayed from Dec. 2nd-6th 2012 (Yes, it took me THIS long to review it. So sue me).   PROS: -Free parking-Upper level parking has entrance right into the casino. -Fast check-in (especially for a Friday)-Starbucks at practically every corner -Buffet was decent (different review)-Decent room (good enough to sleep in)-Monorail between Mandalay and ExcaliburCONS:-Those DAMN timeshare people-Just 2 elevators! (Luckily our room was near one)-Layout of the casino is kinda scattered for my taste-FAR end of the strip (then again that can be a Pro for some people)-Getting a drink took almost an hr, according to the mister (then again, they WANT you to spend more on gambling)All in all, it was ok especially for the price. Although the room was a little dark, it didn't really matter cuz who wants bright lights after drinking all night? Lol! For the price alone...I'd stay there again.
3	Over my last ten visits to Las Vegas, I have stayed at the Luxor four of those times. I have personally stayed at many other upscale hotels in Las Vegas, but for an honest and reasonable price, the Luxor is where its at.The Luxor provides the whole Vegas feel, with their iconic structure and design, and like I said, for a very reasonable price. The few disadvantages are that its more towards the beginning of the strip, so a little walking will be done to get more into the middle of the strip, but the connections to the Excalibur and New York New York, make it a little easier to get ahead on the Strip. I'd say this hotel is very kid friendly and also provides a fairly big casino.The Luxor is also home to ( believe it or not ) probably the best or one of the best shows i've seen in Vegas. I have to admit I was very skeptical but after reading the reviews I had to give it a try, and it did not disappoint one bit. Hilarious show, its a must see.I also enjoy the Luxor's pool area. Very classic Egyptian feel to it, almost like an Oasis of endless water. Club LAX is also one of the nicer clubs I have been to in Vegas, and i've been to some very trashy ones before.Overall, great place. They can add a little more excitement to the Casino floor, maybe more music, party atmosphere going on but other than that, good job.
1	The hotel is terrible! It doesn't have WiFi! All it offers is an Internet cable. How am I supposed to use my cell and iPad? Plus it is far away from the center of LV (Caesars Palace, Bellagio, etc) and thus is pretty desolate. The hotel is quite old. Not shiny and even dirty somewhere. The only positive point is its style, but that gives you nothing good to your staying here. Should have chosen Monte Carlo instead of Luxor!
3	Stayed here during my Vegas trip, and it was just alright.It's located towards the end of the strip, so night life was difficult unless you're a super walker or a luxurious taxi rider.One thing I must say is that the Evening Call (Fat Tuesdays wannabee) drinks spot is so damn delicious.But let's get back to this review on the hotel!My friends and I ended up with a suite, and it was just alright. There was a lot of weird spaces in the room, which made the room awkward. But then again, once you're drunk, I'm sure you can take advantage of that space with someone special ;). What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas right? ;) On another note, there was a HUGE dead moth located near the windows of our suite, EW. But it wasn't like we would die with it....If you're big on security, this place is for you because in order to get up to your hotel, you need the card to your room EVERY SINGLE time you're on the elevator. So, it could be annoying-- but safety is always first. But for me, I wasn't bringing a million dollars to gamble, so I really had nothing to lose.Overall, this place was alright. It didn't meet my expectations, but then again, I have high expectations. As for proximity to the strip, I thought it was a bit far-- especially since we had to walk through a million bridges to get to our destination. Coming back? Eh, probably not.
4	Very satisfied.  Try to stay in the renovated section of the hotel.  If you play your cards right you will have a great time at the Luxor!
2	If they tell you that transferring to the West Wing is an upgrade, don't get too excited. It may be an upgrade by their standard but that doesn't count for anything.And they have no Wi-Fi service in the rooms. That's just crazy' more so when considering they charge $20/day as resort fees for services including, wait for it, internet! But it's only via wired ethernet cable. Too bad if you have a tablet or a phone. Unfortunately Verizon Wireless signal was spotty in room ranging between none and two-bars.The electric switch in the bathroom was depressed in to the wall. Thankfully it wasn't an electrocution threat at least. The sink basin drains water like it's trying to savour every last drop. Gross if you are using it immediately after your roommate, when sharing the room.Finally, this property is definitely not a 4 star hotel despite the official classification.
4	Well I will preface this by saying that I am GLAD that I changed my reservations from the LVH (Groupon deal) to here...Super fast check in, and they let us check in early for free, 11am...Our room was facing the pool from the 12th floor of the pyramid... Nice and VERY CLEAN room. As being a bug-a-phobe, I IMMEDIATELY pulled the sheets and the mattress looking for bedbugs...Low and behold... NOTHING!!!The shower was very nice, big spacious closet with about 8 additional hangars. The iron and ironing board worked well. Didn't use the TV since the GF and I were there for pleasure and not be stuck in our room all-day, despite the 108 degree weather. The only thing that REALLY PISSED ME OFF was when we went to the concierge desk and inquired about bringing our Fat Tuesday drinks on the pool deck, they informed us that only the drinks from T&T and Evening Call (with their logo on it) were allowed on the pool deck. OUr Fat Tuesday drinks were empty so we went to T&T and got one of their Yards to bring to the pool with us. So we get to the pool entrance and were told that those drinks are not allowed on the pool deck... WTF!?! We go storming to the same concierge that misguided us and demanded an explanation and that he told us we were allowed to take them there and that is the reason why we went to spend another $20 on a tasty beverage. After several phone calls and manager inquiries they said it was up to security as to whether we could go in with it or not. Security gave the big NO and that was that. We expressed our anger and frustration and were not given any apology or comp or anything. I think that is the only thing holding me back from a 5-star. We didn't eat at the buffet there (they are full of poisons) nor did we see any shows there. I would definitely stay there again in the future, but next time I will stay closer to the central core of the Strip since most of our time was spent at the Venus Pool Club and Pure at Caesars Palace, an hour + walking in each direction, and in 108 degree weather, not so fun...All in all a good experience
2	The basics: Stay somewhere else.  The details:  Resort fee?  For what? Could be more appropriately labled wired internet fee.  No wireless internet available.Rooms/property is very old, rundown. Mold in the shower, carpets soiled and "coming up."The rooms are very hot.  This is July and the A/C unit simply cannot keep the room cool. No ammentities, not even an in room coffee maker.  Stay somewhere else.
4	For some reason I like the Luxor more so then other casinos.. I find the design cool, the slot selection is decent.. doesn't seem like your typical casino when you enter this place has a different kind of vibe. You can connect to the mall at Mandalay Bay and use the monorail to get between all 3 properties (Mandalay Bay, Luxor and Excalibur) All around a great casino and worth checking out if your visiting Vegas.
3	Just stayed at the Luxor. The suite was beautiful and the staff was helpful and enjoyable.  I did seem to have some trouble with getting charges to the room - some services within the hotel allowed it and others didn't.  I would recommend the Private pool and cabanas, which costs more, but limits the users.
5	Stayed here for 3 days with my friends. Checking in was a breeze, and it was a ease to find our room. The room was bigger then I expected considering it is shaped like a pyramid. You can't beat the price though, if your on a budget and want to stay at a known hotel then this is the place for you. We had no problems waiting for the elevators it was pretty prompt to get to or to leave our room. We never had to wait for the "next" elevator because it was to full. No complaints on this trip.
2	I was hoping this was going to be a great experience.  First we saw the check in line, it was huge. Thirty minutes later we were at the front of the line. Resort fees for what??? You get nothing for it. The elevators are a ride themselves,  I have never been in a elevator that swung sideways. Going up is fast but down I think they just drop you and pray the brakes work. The hallway to our room was very warm. The room itself was ok. Except the air conditioner. .it needs to go cooler especially in August. And whats up with the blinds. .why cant they close all the way? Later we tried their buffet and that was the worst buffet ever. Best thing was the checkout. We checked out through the tv, that sped things up alot. Wished it was better because from the outside it looks so great. But sadly no.
3	Stayed here a few weeks ago and its nothing special. This was the first time I had been in the luxor, so I was definitely impressed when I walked in. Its so cool to stay inside a pyramid shaped hotel, its especially cool to stand in the hallways of the rooms and look down at everyone on the ground floor (how safe it is for drunk people is another story). The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and there is a nice variety of restaurants. We gambled here for a little bit and the slots were not in our favor. We also went to the LAX club which was terrible but i'll leave that for the LAX yelp page. Overall its a nice place to stay, its clean and its near the strip. The downsides:-the pool is lame. You have to walk past like 3 really nice pools that are for reservation only to the "public" pool which is kind of dingy and overcrowded.-The slots don't pay out.-Its a trek to get to the main strip, even with the metro rail.-The club is terrible.
2	(Sigh)... I don't want to go into detail because I'll end up writing a book. But this place is cool for its NAME and because its shape like a pyramid. The lobby looks cool but the hallways to your room, and the room just looked old. The room doesn't have enough light because of the angle of the glass (diagonal due to pyramid), the internet is available through an Ethernet cable (no wifi) but luckily I had my laptop and more.... The bathroom was nice, I'll give them that. Sorry Luxor but I won't be back anytime soon.Look cool and make an entrance when you arrive. #CoolHair
1	would give zero stars if I could. place does not give two craps about the customer. go somewhere else and be treated with respect.
2	The Luxor is the coolest building on the strip! There is a pyramid in Vegas! You also get to ride in  an inclinator if your hotel room is in the pyramid. Think of Willy Wonka (the OG version, not the Johnny Depp remake tragedy).I had a girlfriend stay here over the weekend. Her first night was okay, check-in was seamless. Until she got a 7:30 AM wake up call via pounding on the door. Her bathroom had leaked (and I was hungover passed out in another bed). We had to pack up her entire room and they upgraded her to another room. The new room had no AC so we had to pack up and then moved to the West Tower. They upgraded us again and gave us a voucher for $50 good for dining within the resort. Turns out it was only good for the buffet. Thanks for nothing.All in all, the Luxor: It's like a Money, see? From far away, it's okay, but up close, it's a big old mess.(Kudos if you guess the movie quote correctly.)
2	Stayed here for almost a week when I was staying in Vegas. I've seen better places around in Vegas. The hotel actually is quite outdated, with many rooms (stayed in three rooms) that have old (but clean) bathrooms. When checking in, thats not unusual in Vegas, most of the times there are long rows with people waiting to check in. Except the rows check in service is quick, the staff is not really friendly, they provide you the basics. Half our stay we had a day of thunderstorms and rain. Never seen such a storm in Vegas, but the windows of our hotel room (tower room) started to leak. We instantly got a new room, but I was actually quite surprised water was flowing inside, how can that happen in such a big hotel! Another positive point is that we had to leave earlier than planned, and got a restitution for the canceled days. The hotel provided good service there.The casino is not really spectacular, I like the MGM and Aria more as a place to stay. The buffet is ok, not excellent. The bars are also ok, not excellent. A tip: they ask quite a lot of money for wifi access in your hotel room, so there are a few places in the hotel where there is free wifi access. In the space between the fitness room and the pool area, and in the middle of the casino you will have free wifi access!
5	The room was really nice.  The whole hotel was really pretty and i personally am not even into the whole egyptian theme but i did really like this place and it has awesome clubs in it.
3	The luxor is your mid-range vegas spot.  Its a big pyramid!  Everything else is pretty typical.  The lines are mostly medium sized to check in.  There are like 50 check-in counters, but all never seem to be used, making lines pretty sizeable unless your getting in at 3am.The rooms and bathrooms are nice, but a bit below the bar for Vegas.  Alot of the rooms seem a bit outdated, but once again, not to the degree that you feel dirty.The casino floor is typical.  Drink service is slow.  Even at the card tables, you dont seem to get much attention.  Dont even wait for a server if your on the slots.The workers were friendly and luxor was hosting carrot top when I was there last, which is a suprisingly good show.There is also a food court with a 24hr mcdonalds.  You get coupons when you check in, and they come in handy after those long nights at the club.  ;)***IF your married, check out the booth in the center upstairs for free couples tickets to carrot top***
4	I stayed here years ago, when the hotel was new. The main hotel floor in the pyramid was under reconstruction (rumor had it that the foundation was sinking) and the noise of the jackhammers got so noisy that we felt compelled to complain to the front desk to see what could be done. We got moved to one of the newly completed towers and were given a discount for our next stay. That was good enough to get me back. Our next trip was peaceful. I fell in love with the 3 swimming pools and could only be dragged away to eat at their fantastic buffet or to gamble a little (enough to try and win my money for the buffet). My mom and brother were blown away by the inclinators (elevators that go up at the same angle of the pyramid). We also love the Egyptian decor and the gigantic statues in the entrance. Scared of heights, both stays in the pyramid, I was scared to death by the hallway to our room, considering the rail is only about 3 feet high and overlooks the casino floor, (in our case, 20 floors down). Not that it deterred me. I just made my way to my room, inching along the walls. I probably looked crazy, but most people in Vegas end up doing something crazy, hence the phrase "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. The hotel has a video arcade and IMAX theater, for people who don't gamble or bring their kids along with them to Vegas. I found myself in the IMAX one evening, too hungover to go out. We watched a documentary on Mt. Everest. Man! That "Hike" would be even scarier than our hotel hallways! ha ha When I was here last Club" LAX" was called "Ra!" It's huge and their dj's play the most current music. They have a dress code, so gents - don't wear sneakers. I was in love with the cool cobra faucets in the bathroom. The location of the hotel is pretty good. You have the Mandalay Bay next door, which houses concerts and boxing matches as well as a the monorail. It goes from the Mandalay Bay to the Excalibur (passing the Luxor). You then cross the overpass to the MGM and it'll take you all the way to the other end of the strip, to the Sahara). All in all, I would totally stay here again. Not just for nostalgic reasons, but because of its uniqueness.
3	Stayed at the Luxor for a single night during the summer for a friend's bachelor party. Easy to find on the strip and located within walking distance of the places most people want to see. Had to wait about 20 minutes due to long lines at check in.  Room was nice, nothing special. The hall ways on our floor were oddly slanted (not due to intoxication) giving me the impression that the building is going through some structural issues.  Chose the Luxor because it had the best price. $120 double queen on a Friday.
1	I will give it one star, out of pity. The property has several problems, most of them probably not fixable, but it is the management that is the worst I have seen. My prepaid reservation seemed to confuse the desk clerk, and required her to disappear for ten minutes. Got a room in the infamous pyramid which was hot, didn't have amenities that any budget chain has these days, and cigarette smoke pervades the entire hotel. The pool area is very nice, and very popular. Not sure why the water is kept intentionally cold (was told this by an employee). Most of the other reviews will give greater detail about the buildings problems. And I would agree with most all.... I would not return to this hotel.
3	They advertise Wifi but no in room Wifi! Better then Excaliber and and CIrcus if in the tower. I got the free upgrade but the only difference I could tell was the room was a cube instead of one slanted pyramid wall. The view was of the parking lot and A/C units so why bother opening the curtains. They did not honor my itinerary hold on MLife and it would have been cheaper to pay for an extra day I didn't use. Moreover, they don't advertise the $20/day resort fee. For $30 mid week it's good, more then that NY NY is much better and the Ti is worth extra as well since it's centered in the action. The checkin in unic, could not spell my name while reading it from my license and after the third attemp I asked for a non dyslexic supervisor and suprise he found my reservation. So why 3 stars instead of 1? The bed was very comfortable and clean. The room was quiet and the A/C was cold in 115 degree summer heat. I though the free upgrade was a joke untill I read the reviews on the pyramid rooms. Also, $20 dining coupon and two free show tickets bumped it back up.
2	Terrible customer service all around. Front desk, both Starbucks, food court, buffet... everywhere. Rude and incompetent employees.  The one exception is the bar staff at the pool.  Those guys were really cool. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because the rooms were clean, comfortable, and affordable.  Still not worth staying there ever again.Ashley, a front desk/check-in receptionist is outrageously rude.  I'm sorry for anyone who encounters her.  She's young, long dark hair... rolls her eyes a lot and gives answers like, "I don't know, I don't work in house keeping" when you ask her when your room might be available to check in.Perry, a manager at the front, is also entirely useless.  We came at 3:00 to check in, as that's the designated check-in time, and our room was not ready.  He apparently could not find out at all when it might be ready.  Last I checked, housekeeping has walkie talkies on them and can easily be reached.  He told us the room could be ready in 5 minutes or as late as 10:00pm, that there was no guarantee on check-in time.  F that.  That is unacceptable.  We booked a suite, check-in is at 3.  Not whenever the heck they feel like it.  It was absurd.Takes 20 mins to get an iced latte at Starbucks or a sandwich at the food court.  Also, the host staff at the More buffet is incredibly rude.
3	Just returned from Vegas. Being a last minute trip there weren't very many hotels on the strip that were budget friendly other than the Luxor. I have to say for the price it was a decent hotel.  The rooms were larger than I thought and it was easy to get around to the nearby hotels. The only downside was during the check in process we were not asked if we'd like a smoking or non-smoking floor.  We got stuck in a smoking room and after calling to see if we could get it changed we were told we would have to wait until the following day.  Besides that little issue the hotel was fine!
1	I was so disappointed in this hotel. It was my first trip to Vegas and I have always wanted to stay at the Luxor. It really didn't take long for me to figure out it was a mistake. we stayed in a pyramid room instead of the towers. After checking in we went to the elevator and that is where I noticed the buttons. For floor number 6 instead of having a metal number like all the other floors it actually had been drawn on with a SHARPIE pen! I was appalled but kind of laughed it off. Once we reached our floor and got out I noticed the carpet in the hallway was starting to pull up and looked like it needed to be tightened. Once we opened the door to the room a wave of heat hit me like a ton of bricks. I get that they don't leave the AC on all day but it had to be 90* in there! I walked over to the wall unit and cracked it up but it looked so old and out dated. It never seemed to work properly. The TV/dresser cabinet was so banged up and a drawer pull was missing. There was also no room service menu to be found. I was so upset, this is not how I wanted my first experience in the wonderful Las Vegas to be. We stayed for 4 nights and for 3 of those nights there was a used room service cart sitting in the hallway. Also some beer bottles sitting on top on the garbage can by the elevator. If you are are wanting to plan a trip and want to stay in Luxor, I suggest you wait until they do some MAJOR remodeling. Better yet stay more in the center of the strip. Everything was so outdated here and it was all and all just an unpleasant experience. I know one thing for sure... I will NEVER stay in this hotel AGAIN!
3	You can tell this place is getting old and even though we got a summer discount, they could do more to keep it looking good. There was corrosion around our shower, the place isn't impressively clean, but again, for a weekday discount it served a purpose.
5	Had a great time and rooms were nice.  Plus we won a lot of money.
2	I stayed at the Luxor when in town for a convention earlier this year. It wasn't bad, adequate (but in a mediocre way). The rates were fairly reasonable considering the location right on the strip. The room was clean and looked as I expected they would, considering hundreds of people had stayed there before. My major gripe was that they didn't have WiFi. My acquaintances and fellow convention attendees were absolutely shocked when I told them. I traveled with my tablet and smartphone, fully expecting that I'd be able to use them but alas, there was only an ethernet jack in the room. I would have used regular 4G but alas, service is spotty at best (probably having to do with being inside a giant, thick walled tomb structure. Probably.) Since I was there for a convention and had many meetings to make, it was vital that I check my email for cancellations and confirmations, I was sorely disappointed at this inconvenience. I would have even paid for it, had it existed.  I mean... Motel 6 has free WiFi. It was like being stuck in 1995. I'll stay anywhere else next year, the WiFi is just a deal breaker, unfortunately.
1	Went to Vegas for a girls weekend & wanted to find an affordable hotel (not something super, dirt cheap...but something under $300 for the weekend). I will never go back to this hotel.. I would much rather pay more than have to deal with this dirty hotel again. Here's why....1. No full length mirrors in the rooms. I MEAN- really? Obviously if youre going to vegas, youre most likely getting dressed up & going out. But if you plan on staying here, plan on not knowing what you look like when you walk out of your room.2. The lighting in the bathroom is TERRIBLE. If you're a girl & you are getting ready in the bathroom- Please be advised....the lighting makes you look like shit no matter how hot you are. 3. We asked for towels & it took AN HOUR for them to bring it up. This happened not once but twice- and when we complained, the lady on the phone said "You know, he's got a lot of rooms to go to he will be there as soon as he can." Sorry- I wasn't aware they only had 1 guy delivering towels to the entire hotel. 4. The hallways are dirty & dark. The carpets are disgusting, and the walls are DIRTY. I felt like I was walking down the hallways of a dirty motel. I mean really, can  you add some lights? 5. The housekeeping ladies literally opened the door to our room 5 times throughout the trip for NO REASON. We even had our privacy sign up, they would just open the door and then close it at will. SHADY.6. Valet parking was full ALL weekend. How does that even happen? It didnt matter what time of day it was. It was full, and we had to park in self parking which was also full except for the top level at the way back. The third night we were there we ended up getting a room at the Hard Rock instead and let me tell you - it didnt even compare. Lesson: Don't stay at Luxor. Ever. Just not worth it.
4	Love the Luxor but let's update the to WiFi please.
2	Cheap rates for a cheaper hotel on the strip.  The shape of the place is really cool and when in the hotel elevators, it is very evident that you are not in a typical elevator that goes straight up and down.  However, because of the layout of the place, everywhere smells like smoke!  Even in the hallways of the hotel room.  The rooms need renovations as it is an older hotel, but you get what you pay for.  Would I stay here again? Probably not.
3	I decided to stay at the Luxor a couple of years back. After visiting the property's casino many times on past visits, I decided to try the rooms out, as I usually stay and gamble on the Boulder Highway side of town. As some of the other reviewers have mentioned here, I thought it would be very unique to stay in a Pyramid room, so I gave it a try.  Keep in mind that this property has really done away with a lot of the Egyptian theming and artwork over the past few years, and is moving towards a more modern, hip look.  I kind of liked it better when it was Egyptian.I'm a member of the players club, but got a much better rate directly on the Luxor's website utilizing one of their offers, which gives anywhere from 5-15% off the going room rate depending on what time you book it. I booked a Pyramid Deluxe Room at a rate of $116 per night, which was not bad for a weekend. Utilizing the offer meant paying for the room in advance, which was no problem.I arrived at the Front Desk at around 11:30 pm. There was no check-in line whatsoever, but I'm guessing that it was due to the fact that it was almost midnight. The front desk clerk had no problem locating my reservation. However, I had paid for the room in full in advance but she kept saying that my debit card was not charged yet, and it declined when she tried to charge it for the full amount of the room. A couple of minutes later, she arrived with a manager saying there was a mix-up somewhere and that the room had indeed already been paid for. I didn't really appreciate the time she wasted in doing all that.I was given a room on the second floor, and after locating the elevators, I realized that they had placed me in a East Tower Deluxe room instead of the Pyramid Deluxe room I had booked online. I'm aware that the room types and preferences are not guaranteed when booking on their website, and they classify the Tower rooms as being nicer and bigger than the Pyramid rooms (they actually classified the Tower room as a free upgrade,) but I decided to stay here specifically for the novelty of staying in the Pyramid. Point blank, if I would've known this was going to happen, I probably wouldn't have bothered staying here.The East Tower room, #2333, although it wasn't what I originally reserved, was very nice. I didn't have any issues with cleanliness, maid service, wear and tear or anything else some of the other reviewers have pointed out. The one thing I did take note of was that I could hear the plumbing from other rooms and it was pretty loud. Whether someone was taking a shower or flushing the toilet, you could definitely hear it - almost louder than being directly in the room it was coming from.I opted for the high-speed internet connection both nights and it worked flawlessly, along with the entertainment center and all the other amenities the room had to offer. The bathroom contained a separate deep-soaking tub and a glassed in shower stall. Water pressure was very good.The casino is huge with a large variety of slots and tables. I actually won some money here, which is unusual for being on the Strip, period! Cocktail/beverage service was very rapid.The only restaurants I visited were LIttle Caesars Pizza and Nathan's Hot Dogs which are both located in the Food Court. Although they've always been great, I did notice they tended to be a bit pricier here than at their standalone stores, but hey, it's Vegas right?Check-out was flawless, and I received a full refund on the cash incidental deposit I left with them, minus the charges for high-speed internet. They did ask me how everything was, but really didn't have too much to say when I explained that I didn't receive the room type I had originally booked. I did happen to notice that the check-in line was packed, slow moving and almost going out the front door at this time, so I can definitely agree with some other reviewers that it seems to stay very long during peak periods.Overall, it was an okay stay, and other than the fact that I didn't get the Pyramid Deluxe room and the issue the desk clerk had with billing at check-in, the place was flawless and I'd definitely be back. I've heard that if you book through the Player's Club, you can use the North Entrance to check in, which is probably a big time saver, and also might have a better change of getting the room type you desire. I'll have to look into that on my next trip.  Just a quick heads up - the spa suites in the Pyramid no longer have spas that are working.  I guess they are too old, and the property decided to discontinue the upkeep.  Some friends recently visited and mentioned that they're now just like regular tubs without jets.  Something to consider, because these rooms were always high-dollar, even when the spas were working!
3	We stayed at the Luxor for a weekend.  The check-in line was very long but moved at a decent pace.  The person that checked us in was very helpful, I think her name was Lisa.  We had a room on the 19th floor with a spectacular view.  The amenities were very nice but we did have one problem.  The temperature of our room was not adequate.  The first night we were too warm.  Called the front desk and they said they would send someone up.  We were not in the room at the time of service.  When we got back to the room it did not feel any different.  We called the front desk again and were told that the room temp measured 75 degrees.  Perhaps it did, BY THE AIR VENT!  The only cool place in the room was right next to the air vent.  We asked that they come up and check again.  Again we were not in the room at the time of service.  We came back to find the two chairs lined up to 'direct' the air further into the room.  REALLY???  We suffered through another night of inadequate temperature.  I would have rated the hotel higher had this not been an issue.  We did like that fact that it was connected to other hotels, lots of shopping, gambling and shows
1	I have to say, two years later exactly and I'm a tad (which isn't much) happier than I was the last time I visited here. Check in would have been a breeze had they actually reserved the right room for us. I hate smoking, but my husband does smoke. When we booked online he specified a smoking room because there was an option. When we checked in the desk clerk said they had no more smoking rooms available. She was not personable, not nice, not bubbly. I looked over at our friends who were checking in a few check in spaces next to us and I really wished we had that lady. I could over hear her telling our friends that the Californians that have been moving to Vegas are making smoking in Vegas rooms more and more difficult. Doesn't make sense since there's smoking inside the casino and pretty much everywhere else. The lady told our friends that she'd send up some ash trays to their room. The lady that was helping us left to ask if sending us ash trays was okay, she came back and said that it was. Score!In my previous review I said that I was deathly afraid of the elevators in the pyramid. Not exactly sure why I was, but turns out you need to slide your room key card into the slot and then push the floor number. Duh! The incline isn't bad either and the elevator doesn't shake as much as most of you say it does. It's a pretty cool ride actually. We booked the pyramid spa suite. Very nice and spacious and a nice spacious spa tub. One complaint, there aren't any jets in the spa tub. The room was clean unlike the last time. My husband asked the maid that was cleaning the room next to us if she had any ash trays. Because the floor we were on was non smoking, she said it would be difficult for her to find some on our actual floor but she would try. Keep in mind that the desk clerk said she'd send some up. She never did. Five minutes later the maid knocked and had two ash trays in her hand. So very nice of her to go out of her way to make my husband happy! I was a little piffered to hear our friends say that someone very quickly brought them their ash trays. Clearly their check in lady was a nice person and ours just didn't give a damn. It is so sad that our friends had a room double the size of ours, they had pyramid soaps and a do not disturb sign. Those are things that should have already been in the room!Two more complaints: the fridge in the room wasn't working at first. We had to unplug the fridge to let it thaw out, we removed the ice and re-plugged and it started working. Also, the air conditioner doesn't work at all. I write this at 2 am because its so hot that I can not sleep at all it's that hot! I also don't know why the room that was directly above us on the next floor up had a room double the size of ours and we booked the same exact room as they did. It's irritating when you shell out a lot of money and you are how dinky your room is compared to your friends room. Room decor is pretty outdated, but the TVs compared to the TVs they had here two years ago are a definite upgrade. Bed is so/so when it comes to comfort. I really like that this hotel is linked to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur. There's also a pretty nifty tram that you can take, but there are two and it can get kind of confusing as to which one to take and getting off of tram I and getting back on to tram II to get to Luxor, blah blah blah.Check out was a breeze. Just click the check out button on your check out email and there ya go. And also, those timeshare people gots to go. It was so bad I had to walk past them and just say no every single time. I can't even count on both hands how many times I was harassed. No. I do not want what you have to offer!Probably going to look into staying at Excalibur or MGM next time. Sorry Luxor.
5	This review is for Marilyn at the VIP seat. She is very nice and knows what customer service is all about. Luxor is lucky to have her.
2	I came here about 2-3 years ago. This is probably the worst hotel you can stay in Vegas. Don't get me wrong, it looks beautiful on the outside, but the inside is a totally different story. Because it's a pyramid shape, your hotel room is going to be slanted as well, which makes the hotel smaller than it seems. I remember coming here and the room was disgusting. I found cups from leftover drinks (probably from the previous customers) but still, I can't believe that my room wasn't fully cleaned. I also found strains all over the shower. I made a complaint to the front desk and after arguing for a good 30 minutes, they finally upgraded me to a tower room. It was a little bit better, but I didn't think it was worth coming here. It's also at the end of the strip so you would need to cab it everywhere. Save yourself the money and go towards the main hotels on the strip such as Bellagio.I did have to give this place one credit though (bumping them up from 1 star to 2). My friend left something at the hotel and Luxor was nice enough to ship it back to NY free of charge.
4	I'm actually a fan of Luxor. It's not the best casino on the strip, but it's got amazing prices and I love the sideways elevators. Oh also the Chonga Bar on the second level has amazingly priced refills on their drinks (Score!).
2	I really wanted to like the Lux. Some parts of it were interesting to look at. It also never felt super busy. We did not receive good service. The staff is not friendly! The fact that there is no Wi-fi there just blew my mind. They say you can get it in the casino but it is pretty spotty. The wired internet is not dependable either. Our bedding had stains on it and the room was too warm even with the AC blasting. :(
1	It is one thing to encounter a problem, that is unavoidable.  The issue is when the attempted solutions are so slow-in-coming and completely worse alternatives to the extant issue(s).  The staff at T&T are abysmal to the point of being comically bad, the bloody bed, falling mirror, missing mirror, plugged sink and general disarray of the suite and casino all combined to make a shockingly bad experience.  This was my first opportunity to make a trip to Vegas for fun and I can say that I enjoyed my myriad business stays far more than this personal stay entirely due to Luxor and its staff.I understand they are being acquired/refurb'd by MGM, but this is supposed to be an area of world-class operations; with all the potential the unique layout provides and the luxury of having some measure of liquidity, the maintenance and operations Heads should all suffer the proverbial roll.I will be making a concerted effort to share my terrible experiences in detail with as many parties as possible; not due to the horrific experience itself, but owing entirely to the manner of their reaction after being informed.
4	friends and I just stayed here at luxor and were impressed. read the reviews here and was a little hesitant to stay based on reviews but the bad reviews are false. great hotel with a few drawbacks but overall good hotel to stay at. the more buffet at dinner is awesome- a seafood lovers dream. now for the rooms and stuff... the elevator or inclinator is a ride in itself but it adds to the flavor and charm of the hotel. our room was a pyramid room on 17th floor. room was clean a little small but heck who stays in the room in vegas right? bathroom was nice but shower water pressure was low the whole stay. maid staff was helpful and attentive and aren't thieves like previous posters will make you believe.  long lines at checkout but use express checkout which is offered and it makes it a breeze. also friendly concierge will print your boarding passes for you for free for your flight home.  Great prices a food and beverage credit and friendly staff... good job luxor..you proved all the naysayers on here and bad reviewers wrong.
3	First time staying at Luxor cause the price was good specially during the Labor Day weekend. Front desk was was ok we got our keys and a coupon book. We got the Deluxe tower room with two queen size bed. The room was not the greatest but it has a stand up shower and a tub which we didn't use because it was still dirty from the previous guest. It was spacious and clean has some rust in the tub and I was told it was more newer than the pyramid rooms. Our first night in the room the ac wasn't working as good the room was warm and we check the temperature and everything was on high. Valet took 30mins to get our car but after that they were pretty good on getting it right away. Also, they don't have wifi and when i read about it in the reviews i was ok with it because ill have signal nope in the room we had little service for sprint and Verizon provider. Overall our stay was good didn't have a problem with the front desk or housekeeping, the room was just warm but was bearable. Will probably not stay here again unless we're on a budget.
4	I have stayed at the Luxor twice now, once in a pyramid room and most recently in a tower room. I'm going to review for my recent visit, since it's been a few years.It's cheap, but without being Excalibur cheap. The check in was fairly fast, and even though they had messed up our reservation, the woman checking us in fixed it without any hassle. The tower room was great, with a separate tub and enough space to stretch out. The bed was AWESOME and I love a hotel not afraid you give you a ton of pillows! The AC worked well...a little too well in my opinion but I probably should have adjusted the thermostat. The Aurora bar that's right next to check in was great. I don't remember who are bartender was, but he was very pleasant and made a great Manhattan! The casino is a little small, but it's a good place to play before going out for a little bit. It's also an easy walk to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur. Overall, we had a great time there and I would definitely stay there again.
1	Ahh!! I thought I wrote a review about this place...Stayed here back in June with my boyfriend and his friends. After my first experience, I probably won't be staying here again... The room is dark as eff! (Even with the all the lights on) The drain in the shower barely worked. It almost overflowed every freaking time someone took a damn showerI'll only come back here to see Jabawockeez, but to think of staying here...I think not! Even Excalibur is better than this place.**Very disappointed
3	If you're attending a convention at Mandalay Bay and don't want to pay for a $$$$ room, opt to stay here. You can walk between the properties without stepping foot outdoors. Downside? You're at the end of the strip with nada buddy!I have to agree with Mark W, Luxor was ultra cool back in the day. They used to have a family/kid friendly area upstairs, but now it's ghostland. As far as lodging goes, I've stayed for a business trip and for a vacay in the new towers. Never had a problem. Well, there was a time when I checked into a room and the carpet was damp. I thought there was a leak in the bathroom, but the front desk said they recently shampooed all the carpets on the floor I was staying on. Random, but good in a way I guess. HIGHLY suggest you avoid staying in the pyramid because I've heard it can be a doozy with all the noises and smaller living space.LAX nightclub? It's small. I would say it might be a hair larger than Blush @Wynn.
2	You get what you pay for. With that said, 2.5 stars is as high as you can go.To start off positive, the room and bathroom are a decent size, flat screen TV, comfortable beds, and the slanted windows are nice. They send you an email with a link to check out without waiting in line, that was helpful. But, there's no ceiling light, no wifi in the rooms, the carpet looks highly questionable, and the sideways roller elevators are a disaster. If you have any fears of closed spaces, rocking elevators, trouble with balancing, being drunk... stay away from this place.
2	I love vegas, but this casino has seen better days. The room was comfortable, nothing special. The casino floor is not very big. The buffet is terrible. Stale bread, chicken that tastes like crap. Do yourself a favor and stay away. The criss angel show is way over rated. Got kicked out by security for taking pics they didn't bother to warn me. Will never stay here again. Also the elevators do not feel safe. It gets two stars for nice room and being close to a nice casino,Mandalay Bay.
4	This place is interesting but difficult to navigate until you know where the elevators are because different elevators have access to different floors so if you don't know where the elevator you need is, then you'll be walking around in pretty big circles looking for it, which might be the point because the interior of the pyramid hotel is the casino, different exhibitions and the like. If I go back to Las Vegas I'll probably not stay there again but not because I didn't like it. I would just prefer to a new experience since so many of the hotels have their own theme. It's OK, it's all MGM anyway, right?
1	Are you kidding me. First room wasn't clean. 2nd room had flooding in the shower. They will upgrade to a smoking suite . No way! Then the front desk rep hung up on us while in conversation.
1	Ok, after all the disgusting rooms we were assigned to, the hotel turned out great. We got a deluxe tower suite and dinner at Tender. I understand I got comps bc of disappointing dirty ass rooms. The hotel really made up for their mistakes.I don't think I I would stay here again.Retract my statement .This bathroom clogged too.
4	I've stayed at the Luxor three times. I'll be honest, the first time I stayed there was because of price. It was affordable, and I didn't have a lot of money to spend. I knew there were some poor reviews online, but I hoped that the people were overreacting. As it turns out, they were. The hotel was really nice. The whole place is cool, from the structure itself to the food to the shows. It's good. Carrot Top is awesome. Fantasy was really good. I think this place is worth the shot, especially if you're coming in the heat of the summer because between it, Mandalay Bay, and Excalibur, which are all connected, you can have a really good time and never even have to go outside or catch a cab. On my next Las Vegas trip, I will be staying at a different hotel. The only reason why is because I'd like to experience a different hotel, possibly try out Fremont Street for more than just a few hours.
1	I stayed at the Luxor years ago before I really experienced the other hotels on the strip and thought it was an average hotel room in Vegas but after my last trip it seems more like a dump.  It looks cool on the outside with the pyramid but so did the Aladdin before it was demolished.  The pool is nice but the fun ends there.  There is NO WIFI.  Can you believe that?  No Wifi.  It is 2013 and a hotel without Wifi in the rooms should just close shop.  I don't give two rats if they want you OUT of the hotel room to gamble.  Business people such as me need Wifi.  They did have a ethernet cord but how inconvenient is that? People were stabbed at the hotel walkway during our stay and the view is not all that great because no one gets a view of the strip.  I won't be staying there again or any MGM resort as they all kind of suck. They also nickle and DIME you on the RESORT FEES.
1	If I could give ZERO stars, I would.  Here's the email I just sent to management. I don't expect a reply:My husband and I stayed in your hotel on 9/8 & 9/9. I am compelled to write to you as I couldn't be more displeased with the quality of your product.  From the moment we stepped foot inside the property, there was a distinct & offensive smell like some type of bad air freshener bomb had exploded & no one ever bothered to air it out.  This odor permeated everything & I later realized that I could even smell it when we exited taxis in front of the building.Walking to our room (#7008 for your reference) felt like we were walking down a dark, dirty alley, where visible trash, dust & dirt on the other side of the hallway barrier was obviously never cleaned up.We reserved a "Pyramid Deluxe King" room. There was nothing "deluxe" about this room, which had no safe, was missing hardware in the bathroom - and when my husband tried to hang his travel toiletry bag from the the towel rack, the rack fell off the wall. A dirty ironing board and rusty iron were apparently your idea of amenities.  Additionally, the window leaked during a rain storm & soaked the belongings we had placed by the window.I have stayed in many Las Vegas hotels over the years and have never been so disappointed and frankly, disgusted by the low quality of the Luxor accommodations.  To add insult to injury, I was apparently allergic to that horrible odor & spent the entire 2nd day of the trip sneezing uncontrollably & unable to breathe because my sinuses were blocked. We were celebrating a friend's birthday during this trip and the other couples were in other hotels & all raved about how great their rooms & accommodations were, which were all booked as ours were through Southwest Vacations.What a disappointment.
1	Definitely not worth the money. Dirty, terrible customer service.
4	I stayed at the Luxor for the 1st time from 9/6-9/8, and it was the 7th hotel I've stayed at in Las Vegas.  By price point, Luxor would be considered a lower-end hotel on the main Las Vegas strip.  There are two main casino owners on the Strip; Caesars, which owns 5 or 6 properties, and MGM, which owns a similiar amount.  The benefit to these is you can play with your players card at a property and receive discount and comp room offers at their related properties, so always keep that in mind.I stayed in a Pyramid tower room, which are the properties older rooms.  You can tell based on the radiator how old it is, lol.  However, it was clean and looked rather modern.  The windows were at a 45 degree angle, which makes sense, since it is a pyramid.  Luxor does offer a seperate tower with regular type rooms. The slanted wall does make for a smaller room, but you still get two queen beds, a beautiful bathroom and a shower.  The shower is big, but there is no tub.  The casino provides individual mini bottles of conditioning-shampoo, body wash, and moisturizer.  My room was on the 27th floor facing the strip; at night, I could see Planet Hollywood in the distance through Excalibur  It is really beautiful.  The entrance to the room in via the inside of the casino, and you can see 27 floors down. It is kind of cool, although it does seem mildly dangerous if you are tall, clumsy / and or drunk.The casino itself is spacious, offers a good number of slot machines and games.  I did find the dealers at the craps table to not pay attention to me, which annoys me, because I had a great experience up the Strip at another casino unrelated to them - it looks like little Italy on the inside.  And I lost money at both, so it has nothing to do with that.  It is connected to Mandalay Bay via the Mandalay Bay shops, which are very nice.The pools are beautiful.  It offers 4 pools.  There was a gay event both days (they have a gay event normally on Sundays), but there was plenty of room for gay and straights alike, and if the straights were uncomfortable, there were 3 other pools. The pool area had food, drinks, and a little shop with sunscreen, water, etc.  And you were able to charge to your room.The biggest negative is it is at the end of the strip, so I think it is a little less busy.  Friday and Saturday night in the middle of the strip is very busy, exciting for gaming; at the end, a little less.  Its not dead, but it took awhile to pick up. Its also far -- 1.1 or 1.2 miles from Aria and even further to Mirage.  These are MGM properties, related to Luxor, that's why I named them.  .. So it's a walk.  When its 100 degrees out, that's far.  However, a cab ride to Flamingo was $11.  Not terrible. From the airport, by the way, its $18 to Luxor.My biggest problem is the resort fee.  The rate for Friday 9/6 was $75 and Saturday 9/7 was $96.  This included a 30% reduction because of the player's card.  With taxes and fees, the total was $171. However, all the resorts (not just Luxor) have added a "resort fee" which they add at the time of check-in.  Luxor was $18/night; i think the "higher end" properties were $20-$30/night.  The competition does it too.  I don't entirely understand it; its so you can use the pool (although I had to pay for an event at the pool), get bottles of water, and the newspaper.  Its a general complaint; just put those in the price of the room.Also, they gave you a booklet worth "$800" of discounts, but it was "buy 1 get 1" etc, or $20 off with two people a meal.  Which is fine, but I did travel alone, so it was no good to me.The front desk and bell service were all very friendly and helpful.  Checkout was easy on the TV.  I used a debit card, so it did "double charge" for 3 days (the hold and then the actual room charges), but if fell off on the 3rd day after I checked out. Overall - I'd stay again.  I've stayed in 7 properties -- from Imperial Palace to Caesars Palace to Wynn -- and this was perfect.
4	I was nervous about staying here after the bad reviews I had read. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the Luxor. It was good value for the price. Certainly not fancy, but by no means dingy. It's an older hotel, yes, but our room in the pyramid was clean and comfortable. One nice thing - the music in the lobby blares on Friday and Saturday nights, and I was nervous I'd have to call and have our room switched. However, as soon as we closed our door, we couldn't hear it at all (and our room overlooked the lobby directly).Overall, I would definitely stay here again.
3	It was my first time staying at the Luxor. It was my honeymoon and I've always wanted to stay at the Luxor and finally did. The hotel was okay. I recommend doing a lot if research before you go. I didn't find out until I was there on my honeymoon that is was edc time. Which I was pissed off about. The"kids" that attended this were so rude and honestly the hotel didn't care at all.Than our hotel room was bad. Sink was leaking, light above the bed made a weird noise when it was on, the AC didn't really work in the room, the do not disturb sign was gone and replaced than someone took it off our door again, and the shower head sucked.I think I'm being pretty nice and rating them with a 3 star when it should be lower for the price I paid for the room for a week of hell!
3	It was my first time staying at the Luxor and I was not expecting much. But I was a little surprised of how well our stay was. Cheap rooms, friendly Staff, the decor in the rooms was decent for the price. Nothing was broken, stained, chipped, but rather in good condition. Most likely will stay here again.
2	Luxor is probably going to be one of those one time hotel stay thing for me.  We booked a room in advance for King size bed, but they did not have any available for some reason when we arrived, which they made us come back in a few hours.The staff seems very rude in this whole place, and even in some of the souvenir stores.  Aside from the fun fact of riding in the hotel elevator under the influence of alcohol, I do not see much value out of this place.
3	An OK strip hotel. I've stayed in most hotels along the strip and this one is good. No tub shower in the Pyramid Deluxe Room so that was nice. It was a guy's weekend so, who really cares about the room. They gave me a free 4 day/3night stay within a year so, I'm coming back. The check in/check out was quick so, thats a plus. The sports book was nice and The Public House makes great drinks.
2	I'm a veteran of the Vegas strip and this time we stayed at two places including one night at the Lux. I'm a fan of any thing Egyptian even if it's just for decoration and for years I was looking forward to staying here; maybe my expectations were too high.My experience started with check-in and while I was returning the rental car across the street at the Tropicana and my wife with baby in arms went over with my license and credit card and tried to check-in but because she used a third party site to book they would not let her check-in and cited fraud related purposes.Okay I understand but then I called reservations, I verified my information and asked them to add her to the reservation and they would not so she had to wait for me and ironically she was the one who made the reservation with my info in the first place.Let's ignore that and call it my misunderstanding - they are protecting me. So after check-in I walked over to the bell desk and asked them to deliver our bags and they told me I had to call from the room to get my bags delivered even though I was going straight up and when I questioned why; I got a little attitude, almost rude - so of course when I got to the room I had to call twice because they got busy all of sudden and didn't pick up the first time.The elevators are located in a far corner and only in one corner of the whole building (16th floor) and of course our room was located diagonally from that corner and it felt like a 1/4 mile walk. The room was okay space wise, nothing special but the shower drain was semi-clogged causing the bottom to fill up, then towel bar fell apart on the floor and design wise the shower didn't have a shelf for shampoos etc, unless you put it on the now flooded and soapy shower floor. Nice... Holiday Inn Express has better showers.By the time we got down to the gaming floor - the music was tiring and sleepy, lighting and lack of colors made the place feel a little like a dungeon. The tables were okay, gambling wasn't bad but one of the dealers was talking so much to the other players about old movies i.e. Clockwork Orange that after 20 minutes of slow, boring and unfocused dealing I went to another table.I ordered a drink, asked for Goose and was willing to pay an up-charge but was offered only Sky or Absolute; three watered down drinks later and barely a buzz.Perhaps my only valid complaint is that three of the atm/redemption machines were broken and after walking the whole floor the one working machine we found had a long line.Overall we just spent way too much time waiting...
5	If you are staying on TOP it is 5 STAR!! But if you are not, you cannot imagine that it is much of a pyramid hotel at all.... you have to experience the ear-popping inclinators for the best experience! We also got lucky and passed a well-known celebrity on our way up to our room and my daughter was filled with joy! I have stayed here 5 times and only one of them on the top! This hotel location is not so central to the strip but they have the best Mojitos ever made! It is a great place for those staying in town with not a lot of time because it is the central hotel for the free tram. If you have the energy for exercise this hotel is perfect. I give it a 5 star because I had a 5 star hotel stay in a beautiful suite!
2	Something new I just learned: Don't stay at the Luxor... EVER... Rude people stalking you to give you some kind of deal on your next hotel stay (locals need not apply), BUT even when I told them I was local they were rude and questioned me about where I lived and asked me what my zip code was. I showed that fat ass my ID. What's that fat boy? Oh, you can't offer me that promotion cause I'm local? No shit, asshole! I just told you that! Oh, and there's no wireless internet.  And something else I forgot to mention.  When we first arrived, our key cards didn't work.  Apparently, maintenance was working on the bathroom.  It's kinda weird when you get to your room and your key doesn't work and some guy pops his head out and tells you, "Oh, you have the right room.  I'm just fixing your sink, but come on in".  Awkward.  I would think that if the room wasn't ready, the lobby would've known and assigned a different room.Did I mention that I just checked in about an hour ago?  Nice job, Luxor.  Really. You've impressed me so much, I'm never coming back.
3	I've actually never stayed in this hotel, but I have visited it plenty.  They have a lot going on here.  I like that they are connected to Mandalay Bay, which I am also a fan of.  I LOVE sneaking onto the elevators that go diagonally... I mean, how freaking cool is that?  They have some great exhibits (Bodies/Titanic) and shows (Believe, Jabbawockis, etc) and they have that yummy Tacos and Tequila restaurant right smack in the middle of it all.  I also checked out LAX Nightclub and I liked it so much better than both 1 Oak and Pure.  It was much bigger and has several floors.Overall, this is a fun place to hang out and stay busy.
2	Stayed here with a group that met in Las Vegas for a friends wedding. I usually stay at MGM Grand for the convenience of it. It is in the middle of all of what, I feel, is needed in Vegas. I was a little apprehensive staying here, as I had a bad experience here a few years ago and said I'd never be back. Nonetheless, our friends were here and this is where we opted to be for them. We booked a suite via my MLife card and saved a good 20% off our suite. Upon arriving into Vegas, the Luxor had a VIP check in line. But my status with MLife wasn't good enough. I hate lines. I don't do them. I am quite impatient in them, in fact. I have to be a little foo foo in this review ;-) The line moved rather quickly and quickly we were on our way up to our suite. We had a corner suite with the view of the strip; well, as far as one can see down the strip at the Luxor, since it sits a little off the main strip. Our room was dated. It was big and the bed was comfy and firm. The room was dated, though. It is in need of a renovation that gets it out of the 90's with all the purple velvet couches and diamond printed rugs. The armoire, was warped and falling apart. The suite was nice though. Relatively quiet. The hot tub sat on a platform of tile, (thats a little dangerous if its wet on the tile from the hot tub and there is any alcohol involved), overlooking the street. We liked being able to take a hot tub at the end of a night of debaucheries out. The Luxor doesn't have as many restaurants open as MGM late at night for drunchies. But there is a Starbucks. I was okay with this hotel. But it's not my fav and again, needs renovation. The design is cool and the layout works. Just update the hotel already.
4	Stayed in a Pyramid deluxe king room on lower floor... It was BASIC, no frills, no wireless internet service (although we were told that connection could be made in the tower rooms & center of pyramid). The shower tiles were dated & carpets seemed a bit worn. There seemed to have been a flood in the bathroom as the door was warped and "crunched" at its base. On the bright side, the air freshener dissipated the outside cigarette smoke & any other odors.  The bed was comfortable and we awoke feeling refreshed to a new day/night of gambling or gourmet dining.This was our first time staying at the Luxor, although we've been to LV many times & stayed on the Strip. Luxor seemed less "crazy" than the other larger resorts, even with its Egyptian theme. Most of the crowd seemed like they prefer the new City Center and further north. We liked its location because it was central to Mandalay Bay & New York New York.
4	We arrived at the Luxor after traveling in the day after our wedding.  We barely made it through the front doors before being bombarded with a friendly woman in a uniform welcoming us and asking us if we were celebrating anything special.  We said yes, we were celebrating our honeymoon.  She proceeded to ask us if we would like free show tickets, and we make the mistake of saying yes!  It was 8pm, we were a little blinded by the lights of the strip, and maybe still a bit in a surreal state of "oh, hey, we're married now!"  We picked out which show we'd like to see, and then, of course the old bait and switch...oh great, now you'll just have to sit through a time-share presentation.  We, for whatever reason, paid the $50 deposit, and decided to do it.  Luckily, by the next morning we'd come to our senses and decided we didn't want to waste Vegas time by listening to a dumb presentation, and those people (who, by the way, are NOT actually affiliated with Luxor) were easygoing and gave us our deposit back.When we went to check in, it was confirmed that we'd reserved a Pyramid Deluxe room.  The concierge asked us if a smoking room was ok.  Neither of us smoke nor do we like the smell of it, so we weren't about to give ourselves migraines by smelling it all weekend.  He then offered us an upgrade to a Tower Deluxe room, but when we were hesitant to accept, he asked us if we wanted to stay in the Pyramid.  when we said we did, he offered us a free upgrade to a Pyramid Suite, complete with a card-table area and a soaking tub!I enjoyed the hotel.  It's not brand new, it's not world class, but it is clean and comfortable (and we really did enjoy the soaking tub!)  Even though our suite was right next to the elevator, we never heard it.  Two beefs I had with the room: the air conditioner leaked, leaving a wet spot on the floor and the toilet was weirdly oblong...so if you stay here, make sure you throw your toilet paper toward the back, otherwise it will get stuck in the front...annoying!!The pool was nice enough.  I was sad that it rained most of our honeymoon (we're from Oregon...we get plenty of that stuff) and irritated that the pool closed when there were just sprinkles.  'Cause we wouldn't want guests getting wet when they were swimming, right?  That said, I do think I would have enjoyed it more if it were warmer out.I really loved the layout of the whole hotel.  It was easier to navigate than most Vegas hotel/casinos.  The rooms line the outer walls, and the inner area is called the Atrium, with the casino, multiple restaurants, a fast food food court, and auditoriums for the shows.  Plus shops, and the Titanic and Bodies exhibits.  Plenty to do!  Husband and I remarked that we probably could have made an entire vacation just out of the Luxor and the adjoining Mandalay Bay and The Excalibur.I would go back!  It was comfortable, had a cool theme, and relatively affordable!
3	The "check in" area is very confusing. Signs don't help & I'm not a fan of the customer service area. OMG the elevators. I know Luxor is a shape of a pyramid, but STILL elevators are not supposed to shake like its a freakin' earthquake! I gave it 3 stars & not two, because, they have a good buffet. They also have great deals at the restaurants, say if you "checked in" on Yelp and/or Foursqare. Luxor is very beautiful on the outside day, ESPECIALLY at night. They have this light shining from the top to the sky. They have sales people wanting you to go to the time share at "Grand View" & Luxor will actually give you free shows or in my case free 4 dys/3nts next time at Luxor. If you get the free hotel, I'd say take it....ITS FREE!! I know you have to go through the whole time share, but still. Its your opinion on what you think of Luxor. Check it out for the deals, but I'd recommend not to stay here, unless you got a freebie. :)
2	Stayed in the West Tower.  If I went back, I would pay the extra to stay in the main pyramid.  Room was nothing special and was a LONG walk from anything (especially considering the conference was in the Mandalay Bay).  No Wifi in the room, though there was a free Ethernet cable that ran from behind the TV - strange setup.  Room clean enough and comfortable bed, though dated amenities.Luxor is fun but would be inclined to stay elsewhere and come for a visit.
1	I have stayed in many hotels in Vegas over the past thirty years, and I have never had a complaint or written a negative review.  The Luxor made me do it.I stayed there three days on a vacation in October.  There were many problems.1. Early check-in requires an extra $20 fee.  I did not pay it.2. Wifi is available ONLY in the casino.3. The shower water was cold on the first day and only low-lukewarm on the second.  Was told to let it run for a while first.  I did so for more than 15 minutes the first day and more than 10 the second.  No luck.  And this was early, about 615 am, so do not tell me that all the hot water was used up.  Wasteful and unproductive.4. The main floor is totally crawling with people trying to sell timeshare presentations.  They are a veritable swarm.   Ask for directions and get a quiz and sales talk.5. The $20 "resort fee" is comparable to that of SOME other hotels, but at least those hotels put a free newspaper stand on each floor; you don't have to hunt out one small shop to get the paper.6. The main floor elevator lobby was closed for waxing at 710 am; I had to use two elevators to get to the lobby.  No signs posted, of course.7. Poor signage through the hotel.  For example, no reference to the food court--which DOES exist.8. Long lines everywhere though no evidence of a convention.9. Advertised $20 credit for food and bev is largely a ripoff; few or no food locations included in the offer were open for lunch; at dinner, the places included had grossly overpriced food--like $20 above what it should have been.10. Windows were very dirty and halls had water-drying machines running 24 hours for three days.  Why?To be fair, I will admit that the room was pleasant and quiet.But on balance I will never stay there again.D
3	Decent hotel with bargain prices.  Once you read about this story though, you'll be glad the walls can't talk.  I brought a girl back here one night for some "adult fun".  We fell asleep after and about an hour later I figured it'd be great to have some more "adult fun".  HUGE MISTAKE!  I tapped her on the shoulder and she started making noises as if she was going to vomit.  I immediately ripped the sheets off and she started vomiting in the fetal position!!!  That's not the bad part!  At the same time, she defacated!  I was freaking out!  I pulled out the fitted sheet like a freaking magician.     The flowers are still standing!  I wanted to say Ta Da!  I had to wipe her off and threw the sheets in the tub.  Threw a nasty comforter on top of her and made a dirty Las Vegas motel sandwich.  Recipe:  comforter - messed up chick - bare Vegas mattress.  I woke up on the floor, where I slept, and woke her up to send her off a few hours later.  She asked what happened and I didn't have the heart to tell her.  I'm sure she knew though.  Feel sorry for the cleaning staff there.Oh...almost forgot to review the actual hotel.  The beds are super hard, but the bathrooms are nice.  Try to get a room in the pyramid.  The elevators are sweet!  Last time I went it was under renovation, so I'm sure it's a bit nicer now.
2	Me and the boyfriend booked a regular pyramid room here. After telling a friend that we were going to stay here, they told us about their experience with the cramped room and low ceilings. Upon arrival, boyfriend decided to upgrade so we would not have to deal with what our friend went through, he was able to upgrade to the second highest suite. We get into the suite and it was nice and clean, just not as lush as you would hope from a suite. Once entering the room, there is a living, and sink area, was nice, but we never spent anytime in this area. The bedroom was the next room, was ok, nothing special. This suite just looked like two regular rooms connected, nothing special.
4	Over all i love the luxor.  The rooms are nice and reasonably priced. The only thing bad I have to say is they need to clean the elevators.  If you have a decor that requires polishing,  then you had better do it and not let it look grimy and disgusting.
1	No. No. No. Don't do it. No matter how good the price is. We stayed in the main pyramid. No wifi- seriously?!? It is 2013 and you are paying a resort fee! The pool was not heated as claimed and one pool was closed with no explanation given. No coffee station in room! I know they want you to buy their expensive coffee- but don't other hotels too? I consider these 2 things a bare minimum. The shower heads were the worst I've experienced and I've lived and travelled in Africa. I literally had to wiggle my head around for like 5 minutes just to rinse my hair. The shower floor was so slippery I wouldn't allow my children in - I can't imagine an intoxicated person trying to shower. Our glasses were never replenished. We could never get the temperature of the room right and the sheets were so cheap I would sweat through my pjs every night. The fridge barely kept anything cold. The hot water knob on the in room tub was broken and just spun. My husband finally got it to work which was a good thing so I could bathe the kids since the shower was too dangerous. As another reviewer mentioned, the room smelled like an air freshner bomb had gone off and both kids have been sneezing since we left. The lobby is awesome looking but I'm not staying in the lobby. The room looked very bare with minimal furniture ( a very tacky stained purple velvet couch) and not a single thing on the walls. We did enjoy the location. If/when we return, we will stay at the Cosmopolitan or Wynn. DON'T DO IT!
2	There is no escaping the smoke, smoke rises in the open pyramid and the top floor rooms smell of smoke. Stay in the tower if your looking to get a break from the smoke. "Carny barkers" trying to sell you tickets to the Luxor shows hound you 3-4 times each time you walk around the casino floor. Quality rooms, its a value stay near the strip.
2	For a hotel in the center strip (or damned close anyway) this is not much. The check in area is huge, confusing and the wait is exceptionally long. The east tower (where we stayed) is ok but the walk to it is like in Reno or something! Jeez folks you never heard of escalators, moving sidwalks or maybe a cab to the elevator??? Anyway the room is oK but nothing special, they have no coffee pot in room (seriously?) and the amenaties are not what they could be. Beds are uncomfortable and we also got bed bugs! Not really the Las vegas experiance I was expecting. The only up side is Chris angel and some other shows in the hotel so you don't have to worry about getting there from another hotel. Oh last thing parking is an absolute disaster!! Don't valet unless you want to wait forever.
1	Rooms are out dated! But the worst is that we had bed bugs!!!! We found them in my bed the day we were checking out..i reported it and they suposedly had exterminators inspect the room..but said  that our room was negative for bed bugs..i just feel they were  scamming and lying just so they dont have to compensate us..i took all precautions when i came home.. I will never stay there again!!!!!!
4	I don't know what all the bad reviews are for. We have stayed at the Luxor quite a few times now, we just returned and were happy as usual. I was comped two free nights in a tower room in the west tower. We didn't have much of a view but I didn't care, we aren't there to sit in our room anyway.The check in area is NOT confusing at all. As far as the elevators in the pyramid go, they are shaky because they are older. The elevators are in fine working condition, if they weren't then they wouldn't be using them. The staff was very friendly to us and were very helpful. The maids were pleasant and did a great job of cleaning our room. The beds were comfortable, pillows were amazing, and the bathroom was nice. As far as the casino, it's not one of the largest but it's still nice. There are plenty of slots, there's a high limit area, and there are plenty of tables. The property has two Starbucks which was very convenient.Thank you for a great stay Luxor!
1	Please think twice!!Dirty towels that had stains (yellow&blue). That's simply nasty!  Called the next morning to ask for 2 body towel,  2 hand towels,  & 2 face towels with the do not disturb sign, and laundry bags. All they bought to my room was the towels.  The room didn't come with the do not disturb sign and laundry bags. Seriously, how much instruction do you need.  I asked for it, you said yes.  So yes means you can And you will. I would not recommend luxor because its kinda far from the main attractions/strip if you're walking. You gotta go to  Mandalay bay and hop on the tram thing to get to Excalibur and then walk you'll be able to get out to the strip. That's not including street crossing and bridge navigating. Then on a taxi they charge an arm and a leg because of traffic. If you're up for a walk then it's definitely do able. Paid $350ish for two nights for two queen beds. Tips:*check out is @ 11am*there's two Starbucks inside. *free self parking is available *restroom doesn't have a vent. *theres a magnified mirror available. *No fridge. *houses the jabbawockeez, carrot top, criss angel believe, bodies the exhibition, titanic the exhibition, etc. *theres a gym ... For guest it cost $10*theres a pool* room safe and hair dryer is also available.
1	When we first got there we were awestruck by the beauty of the interior from the 15th floor where we were staying, but eventually, the uniqueness of the pyramid structure faded away when we walked around and saw better hotels in the vicinity. The air at the Luxor is stale and smelt of a nauseating vanilla/coconut covering up the cigarette smoke covering the entire area around the casino, but all the casino hotels were like that. Nicer hotels like the Four Seasons without a casino was cleaner and quieter. My father and I sat at the Aurora Bar drinking alcoholic beverages for a while on our last day, and after a couple of minutes, I could feel a burning sensation in my nostrils from all the smokers cigarette fumes. The pool was only three and a half feet deep and cold too. We couldn't sit on a cabana unless we paid to rent it, which we didn't like, but at least they let us borrow free towels. The maid service was good, but on our second day, they didn't clean our room or change our towels and bedsheets until we asked the front desk to do so. My father did not understand or like the fact that there were hidden fees such as a resort fee. All in all, I'd say it was definately a unique experience staying in a pyramid, but not worth going back to. If I could, I'd much rather stay at a nicer hotel like the Bellagio or the Four Seasons.
4	I know that there is a couple towers in this hotel. Not sure which tower we were in but I loved the room ... the bathroom was really nice as well. The casino floor was nice too ... and it is connected to the mandalay bay as well as excalibur. I really enjoyed sun bathing and baking at the pool! Good stay!
4	I would put this is a little nicer than Caesar's/Bally/Flamingo; about like Mirage; not as fine as Bellagio/Venetian. Excellent service, abundance of  staff (the opposite of Flamingo). 3.5 hotel rating.My room was 25th floor on the pyramid. Nice, fascinating view to look down inside as well as out hotel window.Tip: note tram from Mandalay to Luxor to Excalibur, another from Monte Carlo to Bellagio, another from Mirage to T.I., all free, vs. the monorail for the east side of the strip. Tip: read the coupon book; 2 or 3 coupons really matter. One is for the Excalibur basement arcade next door; break a $100 and get 2 more free coupons.The Fascist "Las Vegas resort fee" (charged at all Strip hotels, I'm told, but amount varies between hotels) - $20.
2	For the location and the price, I was honestly expecting a lot more. We go to Vegas an average of 5 times a year, so I'll boast that I'm only slightly past novice status as an LV hotel-goer. Rooms were well-worn, the windows were dirty and unpleasant to look out of, and the customer service at the front desk was slooooooow, inept, and befuddling. I'd booked on Priceline more than 12 hours in advance, but they couldn't find any record of my reservation, which turned into a weird bait-and-switch of having me pay full after I had already been charged by Priceline. Funny how those things never work out in your favor. Eventually it worked out (they found my reservation), but not after a headache. Took a half hour to check in, so Priceliners, tread with caution. Highlights of the Luxor are the pool and the spiked slushies/daiquiris. That said, you're able to experience these things without staying in the actual hotel, which is what we'll do in the future if we ever return. Stay off strip in a place that gives you real bang for your buck, and come here to party if that's what brings you here in the first place. It'll be a little bit harder to get back to your room when you're shmammered, but aren't those the kinds of stories that Las Vegas is all about?
2	The Luxor is very nice to look at (the wall details, general decor, NOT the carpet!). Making my way to check in was easy, the place is relatively small. Signs are easy to follow. The staff was very friendly at check in, directions to get to the room were very easy to follow. Taking the elevators (inclinators??) was not so very fun or easy, the Luxor elevators could use some updating. They are wobbly and loud. In general they just made me nervous.Upon getting into the room and looking around, I was not very impressed. I was able to have a suite for my stay and I have to say the set up is weird. It seems as if there is a design flaw somewhere and the space is not properly utilized. There is a huge tub by the beds, which doesn't bother me but with this being a suite I would of thought it would be a jacuzzi tub. There was also a purple couch as well, which was cool...the random white and black stains were not so cool. Needless to say I didn't use the couch. The bathroom was OK my only real big complaint is the fan didn't work (or maybe it was super quiet) and in the shower there is no ledge so I can easily shave my legs.In the room there was a refrigerator but the suite did not offer a microwave or a coffee pot. There is internet access however it was not wireless. You have to plug it in to a long yellow cord. Going down the casino to play the slots were as expected, the air was no more or less polluted than any other Casino. Easy access to drinks (alcoholic and non) and food. There are 4 bars on the Casino floor and 2 different places in the food court to buy the frozen alcoholic drinks. Upstairs from the casino there is the food court, a couple of restaurants and some of the attractions. Ate at T&T and Rice & Company, I have defiantly had better of the genre of food that is served. However it was good. Be careful when going up to the food court, in the middle there are sales people trying to get you to buy timeshares etc.Easy access to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. Overall the stay was nice and it was a good place to try out but I think I will stay elsewhere from now on. Was not overly impressed with what is offered.If anything go see the JabbAwocKeez show and the Titanic exhibit..
5	This building is freaking amazing!!I had a great, albeit brief, stay in the Great Pyramid of Las Vegas.  Both the exterior and interior of this structure are just jaw-droppingly stunning, and the guest room itself wasn't bad either.  Of course, I imagine part of the reason I enjoyed staying here as much as I did was due to the fact that it was on a weekday during the off-season (late October), when the prices are lower and the crowds less dense.Our room on the 27th floor of the pyramid looked out on the Sphinx below and McCarran International Airport across The Strip, as well as miles beyond due to the clear desert air.  From just outside our door the view from the interior hallway was nearly as spectacular: the apex of the building above and the enormous atrium spread out below.  The room was clean, comfortable, and stylish without going overboard on the theme (no hieroglyphs on the walls or anything).  Check in and check out were surprisingly efficient considering the amount of people they were dealing with, and we were even treated to a coupon book (good at both Luxor and Excalibur) that included a $20 credit for food and/or drinks at several hotel bars.Getting from Luxor to Mandalay Bay (South) or Excalibur (North) can be accomplished on foot without ever leaving the climate controlled fantasyland of shops, restaurants, and casino floors, or via a free tram that departs from the Sphinx.  Finding one's way back outside to the real world, however, is more of a challenge!
4	Note that this review is for rooms in the West Tower.  This is my second trip to the Luxor and I have yet to stay in the Pyramid.Your really can't beat the Luxor for price and value on the Strip. We're currently staying over Labor Day weekend and the Strip is backed and yet we still got $50 weekdays and $100 weekend nights.  They ran out if Kings and upgraded us to the Tower for free. I've heard the towers are about 15 years newer so the accommodations are still really nice. The bathroom is nice with a separate bathtub and shower. The bed and pillows are extremely comfortable.  The windows are floor to ceiling and we had a reasonable view of Excalibur and the Luxor.Other negative comments I've read in other reviews are lacking from our visit:1) Checkin took only five minutes2) Rooms are in good repair (see above)3) Service is great. Both the valet and the bell hops were extremely quick.4) During both visits no one has tried to sell me a timeshare.We also enjoyed the Steakhouse, Criss Angel, LAX and the Titanic Experience during our visits.  Not many hotels can have such a great assortment of activities under one roof. We're looking forward to seeing Bodies tomorrow.When I stayed a couple of months back I was upgraded to a Suite in the West Tower. It was a beautiful room with a similar look but naturally much bigger.  Unfortunately I arrived late and only stayed for a night so I didn't quite get the Hangover experience.
2	We redeemed our My Vegas rewards points for the last night of our trip. There was a long line even before check in time began at 3pm, probably due to the long weekend. The line did move quickly and Bryan was very friendly and informative. This hotel is part of MGM enterprises so not sure why we had a $20 plus tax resort fee at this location but not at Mandalay Bay (which also allows people to redeem complimentary rooms), which has much nicer rooms and many more amenities. I mean they don't even have wireless internet in these rooms. There also is not a bathtub for small kids to bathe in. The self parking is a pretty far walk too which makes it difficult for those of us traveling with small kids and luggage. During the long walk we were solicited twice by timeshare sales people. We do own a timeshare so we understand the process of soliciting couples, but why were there 2 different tables between the parking lot and hotel registration? The rooms need major upgrading aside from the tv. There was a very dusty plush soccer ball on top of the closet, my goodness, no wonder we were sneezing! We may be accustomed to the smaller, nicer hotels where the parking lot is right outside and rooms are nicer so it may just be our expectations. Too bad we could not pay for an upgrade to the newer rooms in the West Tower as another reviewer described, but it was a long weekend and I heard veterans were able to stay for free so kudos to them, they deserve it. The 2 stars are just for the employees, even the housekeeping crew greeted us and we did not have to pay for the room, aside from the questionable resort fee. Bryan gave us a room that was on the highest floor available at check in time because we asked for it. We more than likely will not be returning here except to watch the Jabbawockeez. Some questionable people were loudly making racial comments near the elevator-seems like each time we come here there is some type of brawl or altercation going on hmmm, but again, this place probably just is not right for us. To each their own!
5	Just stayed here for four nights this past week...  The Deluxe Tower King Room did not disappoint!  Very spacious, the separate bath/shower area, comfortable bed and additional work/dining table with extra chairs was a nice touch.  We were comped the first three nights and I paid $82 for the last night, not including tax and the resort fee, but $161 for four nights on the strip was well worth it!The internet was fast, even though it was wired, the gift shop with daily free newspaper, Starbucks and other amenities were good incidentals to have while staying there.  I am a fan of the Jabbawockeez dance crew, and the show was exciting, enjoyable and fast paced.  Only thing is that they could change the air freshener from that vanilla smell to something else.  Other than that, we had a very exciting stay, especially this being the weekend of our wedding...  It's not the Bellagio, but adequate for families and all travelers alike!
2	No tub and wired internet? Also the gimmick of the pyramid makes for windows that aren't good for looking out.
2	Front desk staff was nice, but their system is painfully slow. It took over 15 mins just to check-in. Which creates a very slow wait.They somehow find it ok to charge $30 for a crib and the linens smell chemically. The price is amazing, so I guess you get what you pay for.
3	Nice quite rooms and a good location for getting around. Kind of showing it's age though.  Great price!
2	Very disappointed. The hotel has a resort fee of $18 plus tax for every night and the pool isn't open. The resort fee only covers a newspaper and phone calls.  But who doesn't have their own phone.
3	We stayed here for a couple nights just to experience what it's like staying in a pyramid. The staff was friendly and check in was pretty fast because they have a lot of staff. We stayed on the 18th floor and the view was nice inside and out. The elevator ride up was interesting..didn't expect to move sideways..we were caught off balance.lol The only negative thing I would say is the walk from your car to your room is pretty far. We did valet when we had to check in and I'm glad we did because it would suck to have to carry all our luggage with us.Which I just remembered about their valet. The service was bad..there was a line of cars the guy had me go to the side and pull up to the cone. We got out of the car and started taking out our stuff and then the guy moved the cone and told us that we need to move forward! Seriously?! So we put our stuff back in and moved the car all the way and then the guy didn't even call anyone for us to help us with our luggage, my gf had to go find someone. Luckily the guy that helped us with our luggage was awesome! I don't remember his name but he was super friendly!The hotel is just ok of course you can find some place better for the price. It's just a hotel to stay for a couple nights to experience the pyramid.
3	Ok. We have a 21(ish) year old hotel on the strip - and because of this, you can't beat the prices to stay here. I, to be honest, usually stay at MGM. However, my recent trip was for my other half's 40th birthday and he wanted to stay in the pyramid. We got a killer deal on a deluxe pyramid room - we were on the 21st floor as far from the elevators as humanly possible, basically in a corner. We had a giant room, with a big king size bed, a massive bathtub with a view, and a separate living room, and a separate bathroom with a shower and toilet. Our room was nonsmoking, and actually seemed pretty clean air-wise. I have really bad allergies and had no issues. Our room, being so high up and so far from elevators tucked away, was also very quiet. And yes, the "sideways" elevators will catch you off guard when drinking or not paying attention. Checking in was painless and the front desk always seemed exceptionally well staffed. Checking out - just as painless. Where the Luxor is lacking is this: the hotel is starting to show its age. Our shower leaked onto the bathroom floor. There was a few inches of dust on the sprinklers in the room. The elevators are wrecked - super squeaky and banged up, the buttons on the floor look like drunks have drop kicked them. The tile trim around the tv stand in our room was broken off and laying on the floor. A picture frame was shattered. Any surface out of the way - under the a/c or couch, needed a vacuuming. I just made it sound dreadful - but it isn't. It's just feeling like it needs a deep cleaning.  I wasn't grossed out or inconvenienced - our bedding and towels were clean and fresh and the room was well appointed and comfortable - you just look in a corner and wonder the last time someone really vacuumed. Again- not enough for me to even complain to staff. It's just lost a bit of its polish after 20 years of abuse from drunks. I'd stay in a pyramid suite again in a heartbeat - the view, privacy, giant tub, and convenience of the Luxor to the strip are all fantastic - especially for the prices rooms have been going for there. It's comfortable and we really have no complaints - just remember it's not one of the brand new high end hotels anymore. It's now a nice hotel very well priced for the amenities it offers. And don't look too closely.
4	We chose the Luxor because of its proximity to the 2013 Rock n Roll start line. Not that we weren't intrigued by the Luxor before, but the nightly rate and the fact that it was steps from the start line definitely were added bonuses.They really don't have signage that will direct you to registration parking, so we had to ask one of the overworked valets, who directed us to the 15-minute parking along the side of the road. It's handy to have, but it was pretty busy when we got there, so I'm not sure how they handle overflow.The check-in line was pretty intense. There was a good group of people in front of us, and there were only a handful of people working the front desk. Still, it seemed like the wait wasn't as bad as it seemed it'd be, and we were at the front in no time.The check-in process was painful. I'm not sure if the guy we were working with was new, but he sure acted that way. He was confused by our request to charge everything to a card that was different from what they had on file. He kept making jokes about the free beer that we would be getting at the end of the half marathon. He kept asking the same questions over and over again (one of my pet peeves - if I've already answered you, I really do not want to have to repeat myself.)He walked away halfway through our registration, without so much as an, "Excuse me, I'll be right back" or any kind of verbal indication of what he was doing. He just kind of moseyed off, and then moseyed right back after two or three minutes. When he came back, he said, "So...did you want to add in a password?"My husband and I responded with our very best *cricket, cricket* expressions. He returned in kind. After a beat or two of us looking as confused as he seemed to be, we finally said, "What's the password for?" To which he replied, "For the key" and I just *know* he wanted to add in a "Duh!" at the end.Once we finally squared that away, he thanked us for coming and tried to shoo us along. Without our keys. They were sitting on the desk, right in front of him. Yet, he didn't hand them to us. I pointed that out, and after a couple seconds of blinking, he handed them over, and told us which elevators to use to get to our floor. I then asked him how to get to the elevators from self-parking. He replied, "It'll be obvious."Too bad it wasn't.Anyway, the rest of our stay was great. The room was clean and spacious, if a little worn down.  The patch jobs on the walls were obvious and some wall pieces - especially in the bathroom - were starting to peel away. One of the bedside lamps didn't work, but there was more than enough light in the room to cover for that. The TV seemed a bit old and didn't immediately respond to the remote, but we only had it on for the briefest of moments. The views of the hotel lobby from the floors above are pretty awesome. There's a particular feeling up there - kind of an auditory removal - that can be a bit disorienting. It's almost like you're in a sound-proof room, which is kind of cool. And, being up that high, you can see the tippy tops of the "buildings" within the lobby. I thought that was pretty nifty.Parking was a breeze, and it was easy to maneuver our way through the casino to get to the elevators, once we figured it all out ("obvious" my eye). The people we encountered out on the floor were all helpful and friendly, without being too intrusive.About the only thing I'd say is that some of the interiors could maybe use a little attention. There were a few elevators that had things torn away, and it made it look a bit junky. Oh, and the elevators can get crowded very quickly, and when there's a lot of people in there, it can get stuffy. It's amazing how hot it can get in just a few minutes. Turning on the air in the elevators would help a ton.
3	Over the past few years, they've remodeled and repositioned this property to target more of the younger crowd.  Most of the Egyptian design elements are gone and have been replaced by ultra-lounges and nightclubs.  The number of slot machines and table games have been drastically reduced over the years.We've stayed here a couple of times and the rooms are ok.  They're not the most luxurious rooms in the city, but they're comfortable.  The best rooms are in the towers and not in the pyramid.  The rooms in the pyramid are older and smaller.  If you have a choice, I'd recommend staying in the hotel towers....unless you want to stay in a pyramid, which is cool to do at least once.The food options here are ok, nothing special by Vegas standards.Return Factor - 70%
1	Issues:*we were "upgraded" to a Suite = 1 sqft more*our room STANK of stale cigarette*the air conditioner barely produced any airflow*there was NO FAN in the bathroom - who doesn't put an exhaust fan in a bathroom!?Then ... adding insult to injury ...There was splooge on the nightstand.  I'm not kidding.  Ew. Gross.  Nasty.  The chair was thread bear and the sofa, I wouldn't sit on either.The TV, 42", was the best part and that was small compared to our home tube.Cest La Vie, lesson learned, the cheapest isn't the best.
5	My suit view was amazing, the jacuzzi by the window (I was in the inclining of the hotel rooms), Club Lax is omg love it... What's not to Love in Vegas??
3	Last weekend my wife and I took a GetAway after a few weeks of craziness . This hotel was awesome. It combined good value with a side of elegance and quality that was even greater than the value.Reserved a King Deluxe Room and was upgraded to a King Deluxe Tower Room w/ Pillow Top mattress, a deep soaking tub, a flat screen TV, some couches, and more. The overall layout of the hotel and casino area was easy to navigate so we never got lost.The only downside was the smoking. I don't think I'll ever get used to indoor smoking...eww!!! Definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting a good experience in Las Vegas!!
3	We stayed here over the summer for a weekend bachelor party. It is a very easy to get around hotel and casino since it's just a giant pyramid looking thing. You can definitely tell it's an older hotel compared to some of the others, but not awful either.We had a deluxe room that was pretty large. It had a bunch of couches and tables, a couple of flat screen TVs, a huge bathroom with shower, soaking tub, and two sinks, and a big comfortable bed with tons of comfy pillows. I liked it.As for the rest of the hotel and casino, we really didn't take advantage of it much. I think I ate at the deli one late drunken night, tested out the pool on the last day, and saw the Jabbawockeez show. Oh and the food court, ate there a bunch of times. Pretty standard offerings there.
2	I am very disappointed in Luxor.   No WiFi  in your room.  The lobby looks nice but the rooms in the Pyramid suck.  So if you reserve a room stay in the Tower!  Nice TV in the room, and the elevators in the pyramid- still cool.  One family member stayed in a room and it had a horrible odor.  Housekeeping blamed it on the rain that happened a week ago.  "So let me spray and deodorize your room". We checked the room 2 hours later and smells like deodorizer and the same odor.  Do you think he came back to check or call to see how things are now? NO!  Never coming back.
3	Had an decent stay at the Luxor. This hotel is on the strip so the location is great. Out of all the hotels on the strip this hotel was one that hasn't had a testimonial of bed bugs in a year according to bedbugregistry.com so that was one reason of the decision to stay. The hotel has alot of resort fees that aren't really mention when booking through third parties websites. So make sure you confirm with third party sites and the hotel itself.Pros: -Decent Room Sizes-Room Service/Housekeeping very prompt. -Clean- Hotel has a Great Aroma loved it every time we entered the hotel.- Comfy beds (did not wanna get up) - Nice flat screen TV- Casino- Bars- Restaurants Cons : -No Wifi (that freaking sucks)   -No Microwave (so no late night leftovers/snacks back to the room)-Cheap Iron (iron wasn't heavy duty as expected and took a while to heat up)- Rooms are not near the elevators ( make sure you request a room near the elevators or it will seem like you have walked the whole perimeter of the hotel either sober or intoxicated seriously speaking!!!!!  - Hair Dryer was very week kept dying out on me.- The elevators feels like you are literally drifting to one side the back to other side. Weird! Obviously not level and it feels insane when intoxicated. Lol!  I would recommend this hotel just to come and go when in Vegas. Reasonable prices, customer service and location.
1	By far the worst casino on the Strip. The valet broke our stereo and claimed it was not his fault. After filing a claim and taking photos they said they would reimburse us for the damages. After two weeks they finally call us to deny the claim. After requesting to speak with a supervisor I was told she is "busy". This place is a dump on the inside and its ran by snakes. My recommendation is to stay anywhere but here. Vegas is fun and can be a great experience. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. MGM properties are dated and out of touch with their guests.
1	Total dump.  We came to Vegas for a friend's wedding and we stayed here.  My girl and I are pretty conservative but we enjoy having a good time.  We slipped them an extra 20$ tip and for some reason they stuck us down a "quiet hall" next to two rooms of college students partying and getting piss drunk.  Doors were slamming at 6am etc..people yelling, one retard got mad at his phone and broke it and it ended up right outside of my door with the alarm going off non stop.  I went out and threw the phone down the stair case.  I went to the front to ask for a room change and they did which I appreciate but this next part I can't make up.  We get dressed to go to a show and we take the elevator down.  I step out side of the elevator and almost have to spear my gf to prevent her from stepping in a huge pile of shit, yes shit, a huge pile of shit, about the size of a flat foot ball right out side of the elevator, and yes we are still in the hotel.  All of these asian tourists were staring at it all confused like it was chocolate or something, I said hey! It's shit, like from your butt, don't step in it.  We come back from the show and shit's still there, they put a cone next to it.  The next morning it was gone but there was this big crusty brown ring where the shit once sat peacefully.  You can tell the janitor had had it.  Stay classy.
2	Lame lame lame, old n musty, stained carpets torn drapes and peeling wallpaper...AND they charge a resort fee for "free Internet".... Come to find out, it's WIRED Internet only....come on, who uses wired Internet,??  It's 2013...
1	The free wifi is in the lobby, no access in the rooms. Tried to hook up an xbox to the tv, they built in an override so you can't use it. They said everyone did that and they didn't want me in my room. But they could get me a functioning tv for $100 a night. Went to the Mandalay and got everything I wanted for around the same price and much better and more professional staff.
3	Not real clean in places.  Food is mediocre.  Bar options are limited.  But the rooms are cheap I knew all of this going into it - it met expectations - so if you just need a place to lay your head and plan to bounce around from place to place this is as good as any to have been a home base.
1	We stayed here for a meeting.  It is a terrible hotel that really needs updating. We thought we had upgraded and we did get a suite, but it is dark and expensive.  There is a $20 per day charge for a newspaper and internet. The internet is wired. If you want wifi at a decent speed it costs around $30 extra. Our 4 g works very poorly here and it is totally frustrating. You must go to a resort store and show your key for a newspaper, so basically the $20 charge is a gimmick to enrich the Luxor coffers. We will never stay here again even if it provides close proximity to meetings.
2	The shops and restaurants are great. I have stayed here in the past and never had any problems but the last time I stayed, my usual jacuzzi suite had a jacuzzi that did not work. They claimed there was a problem with the electrical in the hotel. Of course I went elsewhere. The service has gone down hill and it is such a shame.
2	Had to change rooms because the room we were assigned when we were checked in by the fat douchebag helping us was terrible. The first room which was in the pyramid felt dirty, musty and moldy when we first walked in. I had an immense allergy attack right away. The bathroom in the room was disgusting. I then went to the front desk afterwards because I couldn't bare it any longer. Thankfully I was changed to a room in the east tower which the rooms there seem to be more updated and nicer. Although the room was nice and my allergies were non existent, I had lost one night of sleep due to a domestic disturbance next to my room. Apparently some guy was beating on his girlfriend. To avoid having a murder scene next to me, I proceeded to call the front desk and ordered them to send security right away to the room. They didn't come for awhile, I had to call twice because the situation seemed to be getting graver. All in all I didn't enjoy my stay and I would advise those of you to consider another hotel to stay in on the strip or perhaps any other hotel outside of the strip. The Luxor seems to have resort like qualities on the outside, but inside lies a cockroach motel like atmosphere. Avoid! I worked at the Marriott for 5 years and trust me, it sucks. Avoid the headache.Oh and I almost forgot! The buffet sucks big donkey balls!
4	A girlfriend of mine had a comped room so we spent a couple of nights here. I had low expectations as Luxor receives such overall low ratings on yelp. But I really thought the hotel was a good buy.Rooms are generally inexpensive here. We stayed in the East Tower and I had zero complaints about our room! The one and only thing I didn't like about this hotel is that it's a terribly long walk to the rooms. The corridor to get to the elevator feels like a lifetime in heels.
1	No wifi in room even motel 8 has it,big turn off, no shuttle,$ 20 per day extra charge  if u book via Priceline, poor customer service.There is no coffee or fridge in the room.I am not returning to this hotel.
2	If I were only rating the staff I would have given it 5 stars. The staff in the casino area here was the best out of all of the hotels. We played craps as first timers and they walked us through it and we really awesome about being patient with us. The downside is that the hotel is away from the strip and you need to take a tram to get to and from. The tram takes a while to get back an forth so you end up waiting around. Also it is a little older but it is very clean.
4	Pleasantly surprised! Can always find a really good deal, rooms are nicely appointed and clean (esp tower rooms), free self parking and the hotel and casino always smell amazing. They've got some sort of air freshener pimping through the vents and it smells so great!!!!
3	Cheap hotel/resort at the start of the Strip. Thinking you're closer than you are to it because of it's blinding light. Pyramid soap?! Yep... it's Luxor.My friends and I here stayed for a weekend during a conference and it was fine. We booked a room in the East Tower with two full sized beds but stuffed six of us into the room (hey, that's what you do in Vegas if you're a grad student...). If you're planning on stuffing people into rooms, definitely consider a tower room since the pyramid is a bit smaller.The decor is a bit older than most other hotels so it felt a bit gaudy. I'm into Egypt and all, but the alarming number of hieroglyphics on the walls scared me. Also, Carrot Top's face sprinkled all over is enough of a scare as well.Plus, people here don't know how to party. We were chastised for being too loud by the hotel staff twice in a span of two minutes because both rooms next to us called and complained... at MIDNIGHT on FRIDAY NIGHT. wooo.... definitely tells you about the demographic of the people staying here.So hotel is cheap. Self-parking is available and manageable, but during winter, can be a bit uncomfortable walking there from the main hotel. Bring a jacket!
4	I don't think this place is that bad. If you want luxury, you should know better than to stay here. What I am looking for is a clean, safe and comfortable place where I can rest and keep my belonging while I go out and enjoy my time away from work.My only complaints... the bed was a little bit hard for my liking. However, we were tired both nights so once I actually laid down to sleep, this was a non issue. Also, the walls are a little thin, but I feel like this is the case in most hotels-- it didn't keep us from sleeping or wake us up, but I could hear things in the morning; mostly the maid singing while she cleaned the room next door.What I liked-- The price was right, the room was clean, everything was as expected. I like that it's connected to a few other hotel/casinos so that you can explore without going out. Yes, it's at the south end of The Strip, but we love to walk. My FitBit said that in the 45 hours we were in Vegas, we walked nearly 27 miles! I would definitely stay here again; Excalibur and Mandalay Bay seemed nice enough, too. However, I would definitely price check other options, too, because there are a lot of places to stay on The Strip! You never know when you'll find a good deal.
5	this review is for anna who works at the mlife desk/reservation area.nov 18th after a 7 day vacation we entered the luxor to go to the little strip mall to buy some souvenirs before our 7 hour car ride home..needless to say the slots were paying that morning so we ended up asking the great and lovely anna at the mlife desk if we had any discounts or comped rooms---thank you so much anna you were the greatest and we are so glad your looking forward to that retirement like the rest of us--anyhow, not only did anna give us a comp room ( i have a gold mlife card) she upgraded our rooms to a suite with full on jacuzzi living room and all for free!!!!!!.. well there was a resort fee to pay but no one is crying .. we look forward to coming back to the luxor, we find this casino as well as the excalibur to be the "loosest" in terms of slot machines... make anna managerthe rooms were very clean and the casino seemed to be getting a fancy uplift in terms of keeping up with those other foo-fah fancy casinos.... you know which ones im talking about.. thanks again anna
3	With a name like Luxor you would think that this place would be more luxurious.  It is actually about as 'no frills' as it gets on the Las Vegas strip.  It is an okay place to stay if in need of just a basic room. It just isn't the place to stay if you want to have the full Vegas experience.  I stayed here when I recently visited Vegas, and my room was facing the Sphinx in the front.  I could see part of the strip, but  had a great view of the race track across the street.  It was cool to see the rally races, but I was woken up by the racing almost every morning I was here.  Apparently the windows aren't very sound proof and I was able to hear their engines and exhausts from across the street and 19 floors up.  There is really nothing special about the rooms themselves, and they are on the smallish side.  My room was slanted on the window side because of the shape of the building, which made it feel even smaller.  The only cool thing about the room was the awesome pyramid shaped soaps in the bathroom.  The casino area of the Luxor is not very big.  Their are some restaurants and attractions, but nothing special.  I hardly spent any time here when I left my room, and found myself visiting other casinos a lot.  The other thing that I didn't like about the Luxor is that it is at the edge of the West side of the strip.  I had to take a cab almost everywhere I wanted to go because of the location. The Luxor is a decent place to stay if just in need of a room.  There are not a lot of fun things to do here, so I would stay at another hotel if I wanted a more complete Las Vegas experience.
5	Love this hotel grweat break fast buffet
2	Every time you look at the Luxor, you can't miss the pyramid, day or night.  It's just really cool and iconic.  When you walk inside the pyramid, you can't help but marvel in the architecture and design of it.  How can you build something like this with rooms on the outside wall, yet keep the cavity empty with shops and a casino?  Amazing.  Then you realize that's it.  Really, that's it.  The casino is small without a lot in it.  The atmosphere is very non-eventful.  Nothing exciting.  Restaurants are limited.  Sure they got Criss Angel, but he alone cannot keep me in this place.  It's boring.  The Mandalay shops are nice but are nothing in comparison to the Caesar Forum or the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes.  Even though the Mandalay Bay and Excalibur are linked by walkways or tram, neither one of them have much going on except the gambling.  You can get a good rate here, but I'm guessing it's because no one wants to stay here.
3	We decided to stay at the Luxor to celebrate my friends upcoming wedding. Let's just say it's time for an upgrade, as the hotel rooms are starting to look run down. The shower head didn't work properly, the buffet was horrible, and the slot machines hardly paid out. If you're looking for a place to simple lay your heard then this is the place for you. If you're looking for anything fancy stay at other hotels further up the strip.
2	The hotel feels old in general. It has this heavy perfume which we didn't care about, but can probably get annoying.No WIFI, no coffee machine in the room. Not a big deal unless you're traveling with a baby and you're forced to spend $2.50 at Starbucks each time you need a cup of warm milk.We didn't purchase early check-in, so we left our luggage at the bell desk. When we came back, we had to wait 15 min for the guy to get our bags out of the room, because he was eating a sandwich. He later explicitly complained about us not tipping him.The TV reset its volume every night, and lowering it with the remote just made it jump to max, then go down very slowly. Also it was difficult to find real TV channels among all the hotel's self-advertising crap (which includes messages on the room phone)The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. Nothing special, although the slanted windows and the Egyptian themed furniture were cool.Security was extremely annoying about having the baby in the casino. We never had the baby near us while playing, and still we got warned.The restaurants at the Luxor have pretty low ratings on Yelp, so we only tried Backstage Deli, which was quite disappointing.The monorail seems like it was made to confuse people. It only stops at the Luxor when going north, which means it's faster to walk from the Excalibur and to the Mandalay.Good value for the price, but I don't think I'm booking this hotel again.
3	I first stayed at the Luxor in 1998 and had a grand time, my first Vegas trip.Now in 2013, I still stay here, something must keep me coming back.  Ah yes, the free rooms.Honestly, its "okay".  The whole theme thing in Vegas is getting dated fast.  Modern & luxury are trumping niche and gauche these days.  The rooms are nice, they are clean, they treat me well, I can't complain about the service or anything.  Other than the Starbucks there, the employees are super mega assholes every single fucking time I swear.Lately they've been pumping some tropical coconut flavor in the air and its gross.  Like as you walk in the casino you'll smell it.  I go home smelling like it.  Go, enjoy the cheap prices, know you are a few steps up from Excalibur or downtown, but know you are way way beneath something newer like Aria.  As long as I keep getting my free rooms, it's where I'll call home.
1	Oh, wow Luxor. You really know how to screw someone over. If I could give you 0 stars, I would. I'm a realist. I know that if I get a wicked good deal on a room, I know that somehow I will pay for it, i.e. the "bait and switch".  And I did tenfold.I do want to say that the only good things about Luxor is that it is connected to Mandalay Bay and they have the Public House restaurant/bar which has a great Happy Hour. Other than that, I could care less about this place.Yes, it's an old building and it shows it's age: the rooms are outdated, the ugly carpets, etc. The elevator makes too much noise for my liking and does anyone else get dizzy looking down? My check in experience was fine, I did mention that I wouldn't be using anything that is charged as a resort fee and asked if it could be waived. No dice. I was fine with that and let it be because, hey that's life and at least I could use the internet on my phone, right?Nope! Luxor is the last dinosaur that doesn't have Wi-Fi. I call the front desk and asked to be transferred to a manager who told me the same thing, but this was after I was first hung up on by the first person. Classy.Thinking this is all over, I get a direct message from Luxor on Twitter. They finally answer my question I posted 10 hours ago: They stated that they are going to get Wifi in 2014, and resort fees are never waived. Ok, sure, no worries. But the kicker is that they tell me that the $20 credit promotion I received IS PART OF THE RESORT FEE. What?? Don't play me for a fool, Luxor. You did a promo because you couldn't fill your rooms, that credit is not a permanent thing. To throw that in my face as "truth" is just laziness and that you don't give two hoots about me and telling me to basically to eff off. I was so ready to pay the resort fees, and they throw this at me. Wow. And can they please update their rooms?? The TV was only connected to 10 "real" station while everything else was Luxor/MB promotions. The pillows were hard as heck and I could barely sleep in them. Water pressure was low too in the shower. Horrible hotel, will never come here again!
5	I enjoyed my stay. No complications, the room was clean, the only issue was there was no wifi in the room. For the price, what do people expect....aria? I loved the parking, not complicated but straight forward. I would come back.
1	Considering this is the place to stay, I was totally disappointed. Room stunk of cigarettes, it was run down, faucets were barely fixed to sink. The whole place was run down.  They try to herd you through like cattle.  The only good thing I will say about Casino is the gentleman at the craps table were very informative and helpful.Considering I had booked a room with a pool view I received a room with the airport view, which really didn't matter the windows were so dirty you couldn't see out anyway.Won't waste my money again
3	The Luxor of 2013 is less lush than the Luxor of 2004, but it's still a nice property. I was not expecting Wynn or The Four Seasons when I made a last minute reservation; if you're looking for five star treatment pull out the platinum Amex or drop a few grand on the felt; if you're looking for a clean reasonable room for a last minute jaunt, step inside. For sleep, quiet and a hot shower, the Luxor fit my needs. No in-room wifi? This is the age of the the smartphone and my LTE was brilliant in my pyramid room. Hit any of the casino floors in walking distance and there's free wifi galore; if you don't want to pay for porn, download it before you come. Staff were friendly, the room is clean & the water is hot. The queue at the check-in was my only rant; either have extra staff on hand for peak periods or give me some distraction while I wait ( you have a great foyer, why not some live music, a California greeting or a candy cane compliments of the hotel to contemplate while I wait..?)Next year it might be the Bellagio, but this holiday at the Luxor is off to a great start.
2	My stay at Luxor was satisfactory. The concept of this hotel is amazing but this place needs a MAJOR facelift. Granted I stayed in one of the pyramid rooms so my opinion isn't applicable towards any of the tower rooms. This place has so much potential but it just looks run down. Sometimes the elevator felt like a death trap and the buffet is just not that good. The only thing that made this place worthwhile is that the price was cheap and it's located on the strip. Other than that I would really consider looking at other options.
1	I wanted to give the luxor good ratings so bad because the staff was really nice and even upgraded our room but I can't. Where do I begin, the rooms are run down and old and crusty. The bathrooms are little and crammed and it's blazing hot all the time. Just because it's an Egyptian theme doesn't mean they have to make it feel like Egypt! Also, we had to unplug the mini fridge at night because it was making crazy noises. Now to get to the real reason this hotel got one star:  the pushy, annoying sales people who want to get you to watch a presentation so they can give you a discount to a show. They are everywhere at the luxor and they are sneaky and pushy. As soon as you hear, " how many nights are you in Vegas, or you want free tickets" run away. This ruined our experience at the Luxor and for this reason we spent our time at Mandalay bay. Next time I will stick to the other end of the strip where the mirage and the other higher end hotels are. Stay away from luxor if you don't want to be annoyed and hot and be around construction all day. (Forgot to mention they had alarms and workers at the casino fixing things and making all kinds of loud noise.)
1	From the outside, Luxor looks like a really cool place to stay, with it's beam of light looking like its shining into space, and cool statues. Once going inside, the whole hotel smells like a vanilla/coconut bathroom air freshener factory. It's all bad.+1 star for the nice front desk guy pointing us to the right elevator to go up.Speaking of elevators, the ones here are terrifying. They're old and rock back and forth, they make their own rules too. We were heading down from the 10th floor once, we hit the button to go down to the lobby, but the elevator decided, nope, were gonna go up to get more people!Our rooms were the worst. They must have steam cleaned the rooms the same day because walking in, the air was damp, the sheets were damp, and our socks were wet from walking on the carpet. The windows were filthy, like they hadn't been cleaned in ages.I know the whole "you get what you pay for" thing and I'm not one to be picky about hotels/motels but this stay was dreadful.
1	One star is being nice.  We decided to stay here during Xmas and it was just awful.  When I checked in I specifically asked the front desk if they charged resort fees and she said no, but when we went to check out, we were charged resort fees!  The elevator smelled like sewage and we were put on the 5th floor next to some sort of dusty ceiling area with a view of nothing.  Faucets were leaky, the cleaning lady barged into our room after just one knock, and the room was dark and looks like a bunker.  Hotel food was also lousy.  We went to Rice and Company for food and the service was horrible and the food was bad.  The sushi was lackluster and the tempura batter was stale on our tempura shrimp.  I would never stay here again and regretted moving from the Monte Carlo to the Luxor.  Don't stay there if you can avoid it.
3	My family stayed here from 12/23/2013-12/27/2013. We were able to book 2 Pyramid Deluxe Queen rooms for an average of only about $60/night per room (standard rate of $32 per night, plus 12% tax and $22.40 resort fees), thanks to the Cyber Monday LV hotel promotions!The standard room was clean and spacious, just alright for 2 persons. Just ask for higher floors (10 and up) to avoid the noise from the casino as much as possible. We were at the 11th floor (rooms 11071 and 11072), and it was quiet. We also got rooms with a view of the pool, which is better compared to no view at all.With that being said, to the other reviewers who complain about the rooms being outdated and boring, you should just lay out those credit cards and upgrade to the Tower room, which is the Luxor's newer building. Or, better yet, book somewhere else in the nicer hotels in the middle of the strip! Otherwise, don't set your expectations too high if you're trying to save (like me!), and only want to shell out less than $100 per night for a room and use my cash on other Vegas activities!
4	Titanic exhibit was just fantastic,  if you check in on yelp the audio tour was also offered !! Just outstanding exhibit, from the boarding pass you receive at the beginning to the artifacts you see and all the information you gain throughout the tour! 10 out of 10 !! The Luxor building itself is pretty cool from an engineering perspective, just awesome to look at inside and out. Did not stay here, so no comment on hotel.
4	Back in like middle school when I heard about people visiting Vegas, the Luxor was the "it" place to stay. Now that I'm older and have had my fair share of hotel stays...this place is no longer the place to be given its competitors. Vegas has upgraded substantially and this place is very outdated given the overall strips updates/facelifts. This might be one of the reasons why it was pretty empty, both day and night. It was just a place to sleep so it wasn't too big of a concern. The shower leaked onto the actual bathroom tile...not sure how that happened. Beds weren't all that great, linens are kind of thin and AC wasn't that powerful. Front desk was friendly when we added an additional night to our stay, but didn't encounter the staff much.
4	More like a 4.5 starsWe found a great deal on orbitz and stayed there. We were impressed! The design is awesome, we got a room in the tower, but taking the elevator in luxor was too good. The room service / valet guys were also nice and polite. We had to check-in late due to a medical thing and they were more than happy to accommodate us. They had given some coupons for breakfast but we did not use them, but they have a starbucks downstairs which was pretty cool.Room service is very expensive (like 9$ for a bagel!) - so the coupons they gave us were not useful at allThe rooms/bathrooms were clean.
2	The Luxor always seemed to be a cool place to stay, so when my family booked a room there to stay, i was quite excited. We stayed from 12/26-12/29 and I did not like the hotel at all. There is no Wifi in the hotel, which I was totally bummed about because I don't have unlimited data; also the bathroom shower smelled like bleach or cleaning product the whole time- that's not an amusing smell. We also upgraded to the tower and in the description it said "stunning views," well we did not have that. We were on the 4th floor and directly out of our window, we were looking at some type of concrete structure (parking structure, maybe?) I couldn't tell what it was. We went down to the front desk and asked to change rooms and they said it was not possible because of all the people staying there, blah blah blah, and we could try the next day. The only somewhat nice thing about this hotel was the cub, L A X, they played good music but the dance floor was a bit oddly shaped. Another nice part was that it had the tram to Excalibur and Mandalay bay (I would suggest staying there- they have better food courts and are just better hotels in general. I've stayed at both)
4	REVIEW FOR PARKINGIf you are a MLife gold member be sure to get a VIP parking pass. You can park  very close to the entrance in the garage. Short walk into the casino. It was so worth it when I went to watch the Jabbawockeez.Now why can't other hotels start implementing this idea. So cool!
1	who ever worked security last night was rude and should be written up ( all six  if them)my family member was kicked out a 3 am for complaining about maid who came into room unannounced no one was drunksomeone needed diabetes medicine and all room keys were deactivated needless to say all moments were very frustratingthat's what you get when you tip a hundred dollars off the bat don't stay here
1	We stayed at Luxor for NYE 2013/2014. We paid around 700 USD for two nights, plus a resort fee of around 50 USD.We were very disappointed by Luxor! I did not see the resort fee mentioned anywhere when I booked it, so the 50 extra USD came out of nowhere. The room (Tower Deluxe King) was ok but nothing special, everything is very tacky and has a late 80'es plastic feel. There's no wifi available (you cannot even purchase it..), only wired - many modern computers haven't had a network plug for many years now, making wired internet access irrelevant - and what about smartphones and iPads? Good luck getting online at Luxor.Our bedding had holes in it for one of the pillows, and the soap in the bathroom had black hairs under it when we picked it up.I have stayed in much better hotels at a much lower price.All in all not somewhere I would recommend anywhere to stay at. I give them one star only because the people there were nice, and because valet parking was very fast.. And because I'm unable to give less than 1 star.
3	I stayed here with some friends from 12/14-12/16. We were upgraded to the tower which is supposed to be nicer and newer?The room was okay. If you're expecting a view of the strip from the tower, don't. Our view was of the parking garage. For the price we paid, I wasn't expecting 5 star amenities. However, only 3 stars because: no wifi!!!!, no iphone/iPod Dock (only outdated radio clock), and for whatever reason I kept sneezing my brains out! It must have been really dusty in that room because my allergies were acting up.
1	Worst hotel experience EVER! We were trying to be thrifty and booked a room here through Expedia and, boy, did we get what we paid for. First off, check in time was 1 pm, however, we checked in at 4 pm. When we got to our room, it hadn't been cleaned yet. On top of that, the ceiling was leaking from the rain outside (their fix was to put a champagne bucket under the leak). After my sister called to complain, they upgraded us to another room in the tower. If you decide to stay at this hotel, make sure you book a room in the tower and not the pyramid. On another note, be prepared to deal with annoying staff members lurking by every elevator and staircase trying to sell you tickets for events at the hotel...they are super pushy and annoying.
1	when i was a young kid and my folks would bring us to vegas, i always wanted to stay at the Luxor. The pyramid shape, dark shine, and mysterious vibe fascinated me. Years later, we ended up booking it for this 2014 NYE . we booked two rooms with two queen beds on the 19th floor through orbitz. it charged us 1250 but failed to mention that there is an extra $60 hotel fee per room. So there goes another $120 bucks. We get there early like 11am and lady says check-in is at 4pm even though there were rooms available. We said we just wanted to check into one room because we had a fussy child with us and they said there would be extra charge. So there goes 22 bucks.  Also, the Luxor site never listed amenities on site. we get there to find no little fridge to store some of the food we bought for the child. and that they would charge us $25 a day (for three days) for fridge rent. there goes another 75 bucks. I drank a lot during that weekend and getting access to some water was a bitch. I woke up late one night and my water bottles were empty. i walked around on the floor and they had no vending machines. I asked room service and she said anything from glass of water to a full meal will take an hour because its New yrs weekend. And this hotel is so spread out that I had a full workout trying to get some water and ended up buying a bunch at local grocery stores blocks away so that I can store it in my warm, fridge-less room! ughAND NO WIFI. What century are we in. some man on out floor was pretty much sitting out in the lobby or hallway the entire afternoon trying to get some work related things done with little internet connection. we bought our ipads and laptops but couldnt use anything unless we went down to casino ground floor. The elevators are scary and haunted!!! yes, they take you to whatever floor they want you to go haha. The buffet sucked. but they had other good food spots and starbucks. Only thing I liked was the little pyramid soap in the bathroom lol and the body exhibit show (they had cool show deals and discounts/coupons on food and show purchases when you check in). I feel like I paid too much for this hotel. Only reason ill be back is because my parents gamble so much that they might send us free/cheap room offers.
3	I travel a lot to Vegas & the times I've gone , I stayed  here . The hotel itself is okay . Every time I stay here I have no wifi on my phone which annoys the crap out of me . Last time I stayed there was no hot water in the shower !!!!! The time sharing people get really annoying & if you say that you're not staying  here another night , they keep insisting if you're coming again blah blah blah they get really annoying . The buffet food is not so good  so don't waste your money there , the food had no taste whatsoever and there's very few choices of food . Overall this hotel is not the luxurious but if you're only staying a night I recommend it .
4	I saw them 2 years ago. There show was spectacular. Really enjoyed. Back again with friend and familia.
5	What a beautiful hotel!  I loved the Egyptian theme! Our room was accessible by "inclinator"...very awesome experience! The room was nice and reasonably priced.  Views were beautiful. The pool was LARGE and didn't offer much shade! I was burned pretty good - my advice, sunscreen! I also loved the accessibility to the beautiful, more upscale, Mandalay Bay-both by walking AND a monorail!
4	The only problem I see is that this place is really old and needs to be updated. Welp, most of the hotels in Vegas are old, really.  But anywho, I cannot review the hotel itself because I didn't stay here but I did watch the Jabbawockeez (again) at their theatre.  The theatre was big enough but not too big. The Jabbawockeez did a fantastic job once again.
3	The Hotel was pretty nice. It's on the southern end of the Las Vegas strip. If you stay there make sure you book a tower room. The tower rooms are bigger than the pyramid rooms. My main problem with my stay happened on day 2. We left our room at about 11 am. We came back  at about 5 to see that housekeeping cleaned our bathroom but not the main room. I didn't get mad but that was a deal breaker for me. I doubt I will stay at a room where housekeeping is half ass ever again.
1	Holy shit! What a dump! Hooters is better than this place. Free wifi (only if you're in the lobby because it exists nowhere else -- free or otherwise -- in the entire hotel. FALSE ADVERTISING.) The beds are crap. There are popcorn ceilings a la my parents' basement in 1979. Everything smells like stripper cocoa butter. The furniture is battered. The elevators feel like communist Russia. The restaurants are food court quality. The clientele is from Nebraska. I called the front desk and had to listen to four options before I was prompted to push 4 to speak to the front desk (I pushed the front desk button on the phone for a reason). I will just not come to Vegas next time if this is the only turd of a hotel left to choose from. I suppose this is what I get for waiting until the last minute, but HOLY GOOD GOD THIS PLACE IS A DUMP. Stay in your car. There are parking garages in Vegas that are better than The Luxor. I slept in my clothes out of fear of touching the bedding. I've stayed in nicer roadside no-tell motels. Ugh. What a mistake.
1	Worst!! The staff was rude to some of our party, our bathroom was dirty when we arrived, there was cum on our bed (eww), they never brought us extra blankets and our TV was broken. Housekeeping and maintenance were awesome with us though and moved us to a clean room. We will never stay here again.
1	This was a miserable experience.  We were put in the foot fungus of the hotel, room 4084.  It was near noisy, very noisy elevators, it was dirty, crumbling and the wall paper was peeling.  I found a fingernail in my beer at the aurora bar. When I told the bartenders, they just looked at me and said, "Wow, that's gross." Then they went about their business. I cleaned my straightening iron before I ironed my collar witha small towel.  It had product gunk on it.  I put it on the floor by the door with my other dirty towels.  I go take a shower that night, grab a towel to wash my body and when I open it, it was the gross gunky towel I put on the floor by the door. She took the obviously nasty towel I put on the floor and folded the dirty part on the inside and put it back in the rack!  What if I was checking out? Some other poor fool would have opened that up and probably would have checked out that night (because it looked like feces to be quite honest). I don't think my sheets were regularly changed, as I kept finding my own hair where I slept.  When we were put in the awful room, she said sorry we're putting you in this room.  She knew it was a terrible room.  I haven't been so disappointed in a hotel stay in years. I went to the desk to ask about the "resort fee" and she said no matter what it's nonrefundable.  What about the no pool part, I ask.  Oh well she says, non refundable. I never use a gym. Oh well, non refundable.  What about the fact that I didn't use WiFi or make calls.  Oh well she says, non refundable.  This is no way to treat customers.  Luxor used to be a name associated with great hotels of Las Vegas.  No more. these guys need to take a hard look at the image they want to put out and what they want people to say about their hotel.  My family lives in Las Vegas so people often ask me for suggestions about where to stay, where to eat, whatever.  They will not be on my recommendation list. I'M ALSO INCLUDING PICS OF THE NASTINESS !
2	This place isn't as bad as its reputation and if you've got kids and a budget, it's a good compromise. I enjoyed the themed lobby and felt like the rooms in the tower were fine by normal city hotel standards, but Vegas has a lot of great hotels so when you are comparing to that bar it's below average. The biggest cons are that its location is terrible if you don't plan to stay at this hotel and its adjacent hotels. It also doesn't have WiFi but it does have free internet if you can plug in to a single ethernet port. If you've got a family and WiFi devices you'll probably want to bring your own router to solve this problem.  Bandwidth is limited and cellular access is spotty in the city of Las Vegas, so keep this in mind - online gamers / movie watchers are going to be unhappy campers anywhere in the city.You are a reasonable walk from the Mandalay Bay Casino which is one of my favorites in the city and the theme of Luxor and Excalibur are fun for kids.  My room was clean and above average but I had to do A LOT of walking in this hotel which became tiresome very quickly.If you can spend a few more bucks then the Mandalay Bay or MGM are going to be better overall places to stay, but it'll cost you.I went in the winter so I did not explore the pool.
5	I've stayed here before with family and I remember the experience to be awesome but now staying here first hand with my boyfriend I found it to be an amazing experience! The hotel staff were very friendly and they were very helpful with my late check out and didn't charge us a dime for it. They let us keep our room keys as souvenirs as well! Now the rooms were very clean, well furnished and comfortable. The only thing that sucked is we didn't realize that the room we booked didn't have a fridge or microwave, so the food we brought for bad. I should have read more closely online for the amenities before booking the room. They would of provided us with one but it would an extra charge. No big deal though. Overall my experience was amazing especially for the price we paid, it was a very good deal :) I definetly recommend staying at the luxor for vacation !
3	This hotel isn't too bad. You can definitely tell it's one of the older hotels in the strip unless you stay in the newer building. The only good thing about it is the tram from Excalibur and Mandalay bay.
3	Wanted to save some money on hotel this time so I looked up deals on TravelZoo.com and this one was probably the best deal. Never stayed here before and took our chance with it for like $70/night and it was OK. Kind of outdated but clean and close to the strip since you can either take the tram or the passage to Excalibur and then a cab or the Monorail from MGM to anywhere pretty much. Wifi reception is bad in the room, just go to any restaurants and enjoy a drink too.
1	The Luxor is obviously supposed to be dreary and gloomy since it is imitating a pyramid. But... it just doesn't work for a themed hotel/resort casino. It just feels off, especially with everything else The Strip has to offer. Even just walking through here is kind of dreadful so I just avoid the southern part of The Strip all together (sorry, Mandalay Bay!). I'd recommend staying at other hotels; the room rates may be cheaper here, but I think you can find some comparable prices at much better hotels on The Strip.
1	Stay away. The line just to check in was 20 minutes long and the staff felt as thought that's ok. Too many more details to complain about. The single worst hotel I ever stayed at.
3	I visited this hotel as a free gift from a time share presentation, so I can not comment on price at all, except for the 20 dollar a day resort, which I thought is kind of absurd realizing the billions this place probably profits a year, but what can we do? I stayed 3 days. The property is right next to Mandalay Bay, so parking was a little confusing, but we got the hang of it.The signs getting to check in are pretty clear. The woman and check in was very pleasant.We stayed on the 18th floor, well away from the hustle and bustle noise of the casino. The hotel surprisingly was not filled with an overwhelming smell of smoke like places. WORD TO THE WISE: Please suggest a room near the elevator! My room was quite a trek from the elevator, and having to carry things made it even longer!The room was clean, smelled clean. The bathroom did not make me want to crawl and we had an amazing view of the Sphinx, Las Vegas Blvd and MGM Grand, on midnight Friday night I was able to view a fantastic 10 minute firework show happening above MGM Grand. I exhausted my search online to find the reason of this show and the only thing I could find was the grand opening of Rose.Rabbit.Lie, an entertainment, dinner show, bar, mash up of some sort, Anyway the view was amazing. I was up watching the sunset when I could.This Hotel has it allFood CourtBarNighclubSteakhouseBlackjackPokerSlots.Seems like a good place for the 21 to foxy 40s crowd, hence the numerous bars and nightclubs here.We did visit the nightclub, but the is another review.Clean room, great ambiance for the young.I heard a couple next to me being charged 700 for a few nights, so I am not sure I would pay to stay, but if you find a deal on Vegas.com, go for it!
4	Check-in: =====My check-in took a bit of time. While the line wasn't long and there were several lines open, it seemed some people were closing their lines. When I finally checked in, I had to pay the resort fee upfront - $67.20 - via debit/credit card. After I was set, the check-in teller provided me a map of the hotel and told me where to find the West Tower, where I was upgraded to (complimentary). Finding My Room:=========== Okay, so here's the thing... I got lost. I went to the 5th floor with all my bags and walked around the entire pyramid before I realized I didn't go to the West Tower. I had to My View: ======In my room... there's none. Oh, look, the slate gray roof from the casino floor. Bwahahahha. Tender: =====I used my $20 food credit to eat here. I had the Pumpkin Ravioli and Baked cookies. Mmm delicious. Booklet: ======Usually booklets are full of crappy coupons that are useless. I used the $20 food and beverage credit I received at check-in and ate dinner at Tender the first night I was there. I had the Pumpkin Raviolo and the fresh baked cookies and ice cream. The credit covered the bill. As much as I wanted meat, I decided to wait until my first "full" day here to find one of the local buffets. Considering 1-21 is my birthday, I planned to eat at MORE because you'll eat all day for $35 there, and I really plan to do nothing but live and love life on this day. There's coupons for all of the restaurants in the Luxor, some of the shoppes and the lovely $5 Tee shirt coupon. CASINO: ========I'm not much of a gambler, but the floor is cool. I didn't play anything - yet. However, I am highly annoyed by staff members who try to get you to purchase timeshares. I just tell them "No" and keep it moving. A timeshare is not in my plans. Ever. MY ROOM: =========As I stated previously I was given an upgraded room. My room is in the West Tower. Unlike the "basic" Luxor rooms, this one is a full room that doesn't have a weird angle that everyone warned me about. To be clear, I wasn't tripping on having an angled room in the first place, but it was very nice to walk into a full bedroom with 2 nicely made full size beds. The decor was creme brulee and a contemporary deep blue. The bathroom had a separate shower and bath - awesome because I'm hitting up Lush to take a nice long, sexy soak as soon as I get the chance. HOWEVER THERE IS NO VIEW. You have to pay for the view ... so my upgrade had me looking at the concrete roof of the casino or something. I don't really think I care about the view ... but if you're interested in a room with a view, just know it will cost more. (Same if you want a room with a "normal" ceiling.) THE BATHROOM IS SPACIOUS - BATH TUB AND GLASS SHOWER ARE NEXT TO ONE ANOTHER BUT SEPARATED. : INTERNET ACCESS: ================You only have a gray wired ethernet cord for your room. At first this bothered and worried me. I thought I'd have to push back my trip and go to another hotel - Tropicana - instead. However, I discovered that the cord actually stretches to one of the beds and even the table in my room. And so, that, coupled with the fact that I'm here alone - it's NOT as BIG of a deal unless your laptop does NOT have an Ethernet hookup. (I have a MacBook pro).
4	===== updated 1-22-14 my check out date My check-in took a bit of time. While the line wasn't long and there were several lines open, it seemed some people were closing their lines. When I finally checked in, I had to pay the resort fee upfront - $67.20 - via debit/credit card. After I was set, the check-in teller provided me a map of the hotel and told me where to find the West Tower, where I was upgraded to (complimentary). Finding My Room:=========== Okay, so here's the thing... I got lost. I went to the 5th floor with all my bags and walked around the entire pyramid before I realized I didn't go to the West Tower. I had to My View: ======In my room... there's none. Oh, look, the slate gray roof from the casino floor. Bwahahahha. Tender: =====I used my $20 food credit to eat here. I had the Pumpkin Ravioli and Baked cookies. Mmm delicious. Booklet: ======Usually booklets are full of crappy coupons that are useless. I used the $20 food and beverage credit I received at check-in and ate dinner at Tender the first night I was there. I had the Pumpkin Raviolo and the fresh baked cookies and ice cream. The credit covered the bill. As much as I wanted meat, I decided to wait until my first "full" day here to find one of the local buffets. Considering 1-21 is my birthday, I planned to eat at MORE because you'll eat all day for $35 there, and I really plan to do nothing but live and love life on this day. There's coupons for all of the restaurants in the Luxor, some of the shoppes and the lovely $5 Tee shirt coupon. CASINO: ========I'm not much of a gambler, but the floor is cool.... but $5.99 for the ATM plus other FEES?! Nah I'll watch TV in my room. MY ROOM: =========As stated previously I was given an upgraded room in the West Tower. Unlike the "basic" Luxor rooms, this one is a full room that doesn't have a weird angle that everyone warned me about. To be clear, I wasn't tripping on having an angled room in the first place, but it was nice to walk into a full bedroom with 2 nicely made full size beds. The decor was creme brulee and a contemporary deep blue. The bathroom had a separate shower and bath - awesome because I'm hitting up Lush to take a nice long, sexy soak as soon as I get the chance. THERE IS NO VIEW. You have to pay for the view ... so my upgrade had me looking at the concrete roof of the casino or something. I don't really think I care about the view ... but if you're interested in a room with a view just know it will cost more.THE BATHROOM IS SPACIOUS - BATH TUB AND GLASS SHOWER ARE NEXT TO ONE ANOTHER BUT SEPARATED. Water flow scarce in the middle of the night. I guess that's when everyone bathes or something. *Kanye shrug*INTERNET ACCESS: ================You only have a gray wired ethernet cord for your room. At first this bothered and worried me. I thought I'd have to push back my trip and go to another hotel - Tropicana - instead. However, I discovered that the cord actually stretches to one of the beds and even the table in my room. And so, that, coupled with the fact that I'm here alone - it's NOT as BIG of a deal unless your laptop does NOT have an Ethernet hookup. (I have a MacBook pro).MORE BUFFET: ============I paid for the all day buffet... I did breakfast and dinner. I was able to get full but I wasn't impressed with the food. Tender has amazing vegetarian - or at least non-meat- based dishes. With that said, I ate what I could and kept it moving. I can see why people weren't satisfied when they came here. It's just... not great for $35... but if you want to avoid starvation, it will do. ;)TIMESHARE PEOPLE:================= Up and down the Vegas strip you have people offering you all kinds of incentives to go to timeshare presentations in Vegas. Nevermind the fact that nobody gives a FAQ about timeshares anymore... much less the need to pay $20,000 for the ownership of a room for one week every 1 or 2 years, When you walk the casino floor, there are timeshare people. When you try to go eat food, there are timeshare people. When you go to the gift store, there are timeshare people. These momofukus are like roaches. I'm not even 30 but they'll hound you until you tell them you're not 30. Then they hound you to see if you're here as a couple because they can show couples a tour and then offer show tickets. Look, Lauryn will just pay for the tickets to the shows she wants, avoid all your stupid contracts and keep it moving. I don't even give a damn about free when it comes at a price like that. EVENING CALL: Probably the best thing here... get your Luxor book, use your $20 credit, get your $5 t shirt then come here and get your free shot in your drinks. Bartenders give free samples of the daiquiris. It's amazing and delicious. I love it. I like Straw Bama, the Call Girl and the Mai Tai. Jaegerbomb i
1	This place is a dump. No wifi in the room, rooms are dumpy, small and dirty with no view,  the internet cable is next to the tv, and the desk where the lap top is, is across the room on the other side, so the internet cable has to be strung across the room. Guest services are extremely rude and unhelpful. I guess you get what you pay for. Food in their Deli, which is the only place open to eat after midnight was digusting. And finally to top it off, the pillows and the sheets were stained.
4	Though not the fanciest of the vegas hotels, it is by far not the worst (that is reserved for stratosphere).The room did have a few "dings" in the furniture but was clean and easy access,while the ground floor had view of the street it made easy to come and go without fighting with an elevator.STAY AWay from the buffet...food is cold and waitor rude.BUT the T&T mexican resturant is a gem.Alicia our server was the absolute BEST!!!        and we loved the food.The tram didnt stop at luxor anymore so it was alot more walking.The deli had the best sanwiches!!But the best part was between mlife and the myvegas promos we only paid 66.00 for the 4 nites in the suite.
4	stayed here at least 20 times, love it. great place to party
3	It's Ok not great but ok
3	We stayed in the hotel for a full week and loved our room. I have to admit I read a ton of reviews and was really nervous. Ive decided to offer some advice on what I learned. First and most important, the pyramid rooms are old...just simply ask for an upgrade to a tower room. The majority of the time in vegas hotels offer free upgrades. We got a tower room upgrade for free but I wanted more space so I pushed on and finally was offered a tower suite for $50 extra a night. I almost took it but I knew that they have a bigger suite called the premire suite. I told the front desk I really wanted it and the lady gave me an upgrade to the premire. I was great, very beautiful and comfortable. I believe like 1200sqft. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms with living room and kitchenette and dining area. So when you book online just book the cheapest and get upgraded when u get there. The casino was ok....we never won much at all. Its nice though and not too smokey and just the right size. The only thing I didn't like was parking so far away in the back. I figured out its actually closer to park at the excaliber and walk to the luxor instead of using the luxor parking. Also VERY IMPORTANT....there is more then one check in area. On the first floor there is a smaller area with no waiting....don't go to the main check in and wait 30 min when u can go downstairs and be helped right away. We never ate in the hotel because foods over priced. Its just too easy to find a normal place down the road.
4	We got a great deal here for our room for a girls weekend to Vegas. We originally were supposed to have a room in the pyramid, which would be smaller, but since they only had rooms in the second level they upgraded us to a tower room for free! So that was nice. Room was a good size, only problem is that the walls were super thin. You could hear our neighbor hacking and snoring and also all his conversations. So that was kind of annoying. Loved having the little convenience store downstairs as well as Starbucks. Also nice that we could wak over to Mandalay Bay without stepping a foot outside! Definitely would not mind staying here again.
5	This hotel is one that for some reason I haven't stayed at before. Now that I have experienced it this is certainly going to change. As soon as my wife and I walked in we were uber impressed with everything about it. This really should be a 5 star resort as it exceeded our expectations in every way. The suite was immaculate with 2 large flat screen TVs and an incredibly comfortable bed. Our view of the strip from the 9th floor was spectacular too. We ate at 4 of the restaurants at the Luxor and all of them were also amazing.Two thumbs up to the Luxor!
1	Here for a long weekend with my husband, kids back in San Diego with my mom & we were looking for a good time. Pulled up to the valet, they were friendly & efficient as were the gentlemen at the bell desk. It all went down hill from there.We did not even make it to the check in desk before we were accosted by two women asking us if we were checking in before directing us to go to this desk to get our "free gift". Free gift? Sounds too good to be true, and it is. The people at the sales desk weren't overly pushy, but seriously, we'd been on the road for 5 hours, we just wanted to check in, rest & refresh, not bargain for tickets to a show.Check in was...eh. The woman who checked us in was a little abrupt, but whatever, we were ready to get to our room.The hotel room was clean, but a little run down and sparse. No biggie, we knew the Luxor wasn't a new sparkly hotel, so that didn't bother us. What did bother us was that there was no hot water in our room. None. My husband called the front desk & was told they would send an engineer right up to fix the problem. Thirty minutes later he called again and was told that this was happening in several rooms and no one could say when it would be fixed. We were offered a $30 dining credit after my husband started asking more questions. 20 minutes later my husband called again and spoke to a manager who said the problem would be fixed within minutes but would not give us an idea of how many minutes until my husband pushed for a specific time frame. By this time, we had had enough. We spend enough time at home fighting with people over things like this. We go on vacation so we don't have to worry about things like whether there's hot water, or being  coerced into watching sales presentations.Not once did anyone offer even a token apology for the inconvenience of not having hot water in our room. No one checked back with us to make sure we were comfortable, or to make sure that the problem had been resolved. No one seemed inclined to give any kind of customer service at all. So we checked out, less than three hours after we checked in, and went next door to Mandalay Bay.The Luxor needs an overhaul, both cosmetically & service wise. I doubt we will return here.
3	I had a King Suite in the pyramid and while the room was spacious, it was too empty. It needed a desk or a extra couch to absorb some sound and look fully equipped.The room was very dark. I think they have 15 watt bulbs in every lamp. There is no way you could read a book or see the numbers on the remote. A nightlight is about as bright as these bulbs.The casino is nice with a wide range of gaming options.The thing that took this from a four star rating down to a two and a half is that they charge $20 per day for "resort fees". This place is not a resort and doesn't even have wireless Internet access. Think about that. 2014 and they still don't have wifi. The ancient Egyptians were definitely more advanced than Luxor.I'd stay here again but would not get a suite.
4	We've stayed here quite a few times and I've never had an issue with this place. The rooms are always nice, bathrooms are nice and clean, beds are comfortable... Can't complain. The casino is great. Not dirty or ghetto. There's a few bars around and Starbucks and evening call and a yogurt place and other restaurants. I believe there's McDonald and Nathan's hot dogs. There's definitely more places I just can't remember them. Great variety to choose from. I have not been at Luxor during summer so I don't know how the pool is here. Maybe that will determine if this place deserves 5 stars... Or the 4 I gave them.
2	One star: NICE PAY OUTS AT THEIR SLOTS! I won $250 between 2 machines in less than thirty mins. Thank goodness I am one that can easily walk away. Two stars: Nice steakhouse (Tender...see my review), Sbux and numerous decent 24/7 convenient storesNooooow the bad...I booked TWO rooms for three people 3 mths ago. Upon arrival to check in, lady says "You only have one rm reserved"....uuuuuuum, NO. I pull up my email and show TWO king bed rooms reserved under my name. After literally 5 mins of staring at my phone and her comp screen, Lady says "oooh. The other person has a different name for that second room". I gave her a blank look and bit my tongue. Did we get upgraded? Nope. We got two rooms with two double beds on the creepy fifth floor in which the hallway seemed appropriate for filming a horror film overlooking beautiful nothingness. Rooms were ok and clean. - All 3 of us got massages at their Nurture spa (see my review). Hubby and I got deep tissues and my ma got a swedish. They make you change in a locker room (I was trying to hide my body from everyone else's nude bodies! Seriously?! No changing rooms?! I asked the receptionist and she said there were none. My ma was happy w hers. Mine was ok (I have had better swedish massages). The hubby was satisfied but did not rant about it (Check out the coupon book they give you to get discounts on their massages!) NOT worth full price. Ok hotel. But next time, definitely hitting up the Mirage again (see my previous review of Mirage!)
1	It feels very out dated at the Luxor. Like you walked in the 90s. It needs updating. The hotel is clean - no problems there. The high def tv's don't even have high def tv to watch (like to watch tv before bed). It is convenient if you want to spend time at Mandolay Bay..which we did. Our friends were only charged a $35 fee for a 3pm checkout.....I didn't even think to request one....but should have.
4	I thought my room was very clean, and I was well taken care of as a guest.  I was not in my room alot.  When I checked in, the Air conditioner was not working.. so I told the front desk, and when I returned after my night of fun.. my room was really nice and cool.  I stayed during Superbowl weekend (checked in Fri, left Monday), and the casino was pretty busy, and tables were also pretty busy.  The waitress staff was quick though and usually was around every 15-20 minutes.   Table minimums were $15 on most tables.  The house keeping staff may not speak the best English, but if you need something they will (and not lying when I say this) run to get what you need.   I woulda gave the place an extra half star if I was able to.
3	How to pay $22 for a pyramid roomI play this game on Facebook called my vegas you play and earn coins and chips, you don't have to buy chips unless you want to, all you have to do is play pretty much every day and you can earn a room in a few months then you can spend your money on drinking and gambling instead of a room you will barely stay in. OK now for the review.Before looking at other reviews for the luxor I thought we had a 3/10 experience but after reading some of the reviews I now think we had a 7/10.As I said I earned the room through the Facebook game I only had to pay $22 in resort fees for a room on the weekend. With that said check in took at least 30 minutes waiting in line then at the desk, we didn't get offered an upgrade because the room was booked through the game. We got in the elevator.... Oh girl they are scary because they go up sideways! When the elevator doors opened the walls were covered in construction putty, there was plastic tarps hanging on some walls, I got scared thinking if the hallway looks like it's under construction what will the room look like? Well the answer is the same! The room was cleanish, the bed had been made, the bathroom had been wiped down but half of our towels looked like they had already been used and just hung back up. There were no bedbugs (thank goodness) but the pillow cases had makeup on them, the lights were dim, the carpets were dark (probably so you can't see stains), the furniture was all dinged up and stained. But we kept reminding ourselves we were only paying $22. We went to bed around 4am and we were woken up around 6 am by the clock radio then at 8 am by drilling and hammering from all the rooms around us! It sucked!But there was good stuff about the hotel the casino looked like fun they also have a cool looking pool, staff was pretty helpful and friendly, free parking, we had clear running water, cold and hot water, working  electricity, good air conditioner/heater, and best of all no bedbugs!!!!!!
4	Great hotel.I was very pleased with the customer service and the way they attended to my needs.The rooms are spacious and clean, which would definitely make me come back again.Highly recommended.
1	Not at all impressed with this hotel. Here are my complaints: there was gum all under the tables, the irons suck bad, one ruined a shirt  I asked for another and the on they brought up ruined my pants. The front desk said the would send it to the cleaners(probably the only good thing here), but I was wearing that outfit to go out in, THAT NIGHT! Carpet- dated, windows-filthy, SHOWER!! Let me tell you, it leaked more than water the water actually contacting my body! TOILET- leaks! All around look of the room OLD and DIM! Other that that the leaning crew was very nice and professional, front desk was nice as well. So 5 stars on the Suck Scale, 1 Star on the Yelp scale.
5	IT'S A GIANT SHINY BLACK PYRAMID!!Staff are very friendly and attentive, Pyramid Suite is spacious and comfortable. Bathroom is massive. Shower fits 2 comfortably, so does the tub in my room. I will definitely be coming back. Oh... And they have sideways elevators....... And it's a fricken pyramid!! How cool is that?!?!?!?
5	Stayed here for 4 nights and loved it!  (This review is only for the hotel; I'm not much of a gambler.)  The prices are reasonable, so I was expecting much less upon arrival.  The Pyramid rooms are very nice; spacious, clean and pretty modern.  I booked through vegas.com and everything went seamlessly.  We ate at one of the restaurants in the hotel (Public House?) and the food was great.  I have no complaints and will probably stay here again the next time I go to Vegas.
2	The building is nice, The rooms were cheap (one star). Your vallet staff and check-in staff are friendly (one star). Other than that, I HATE your staff that pull you at every turn to sign up for some stupid time share tour for reduced price tickets, we were talked into it just to find out the following day we didnt qualify financially, waste of my time! Your buffet is the worst restaurant ive ever been to, left hungry, and ended up sick. My room had a big giant crusty stain in the carpet. Handles and trim looked old, and it took room service at least 10 hours to get the dinner table from the hallway.Never staying there again!
5	Winner, winner....chicken dinner!!!Room was great. Service was impeccable. Who could ask for anything more? I will be back!!!
5	Great place to take kids. Very friendly staff. Sufficient Buffet, no one cares how long you stay which is great. People come to your table refilling your drinks. The hotel also has a walk threw to the Excalibur which is awesome if you have kids. This helps tire them out.
2	Luxor....what happened to you??? I can't believe how disappointing this place has become! I was really excited to stay here because the last time I stayed here was when I was 9 (14 years ago 2001) and I had SO many memories and it was nice. I guess after 14 years of not giving a sh!t can ruin a once awesome place!A LOT of the Egyptian theming is gone but it's still there still somewhere behind all of the shows and exhibits they offer. The casino is VERY small and it felt very low too. I know all of this is true because I have pictures in a photo album next to the casino and it's pretty much gone from those years. The smell of the place is....interesting. The entire place smelly like a scented candle and it lingered on my clothes even after leaving downtown (lot of smokers there).Now the rooms....disappointing as well! It looks as if the  management has given up on here. I mean, come on you can take some extra time and give it a refreshing look! The beds weren't very comfortable, the shower sucked, the stuff/furniture needs to be fixed up a little, wired internet is a joke; I could keep going on about how the room is but I think you got the hint.The decor is nice (whatever is left of it) but the obelisk outside is just...vandalized per se with the gum and writing on it :/This place is just bad. I regret coming here and wasting my money on something that ruined my nostalgic memories. If they redo the entire place and bring back some Egyptian theming, I may stay here again, but so far all of that seems to look very bleak.2 stars because of the old memories I had
4	First time back at the Luxor in a long time and were we ever happy to be back! Had been staying at other properties due to the resort fee issue, but now they all seem to charge them. We absolutely love the atmosphere at the Luxor. It is more quiet and the casino is laid out nicely so that you don't feel crowded. There are so many options for eating that you don't ever have to leave! It's proximity to other casinos is nice too. From the check in to the check out we loved our stay. When we arrived Michael could not have been more friendly and accomodating in checking us in. We  were able to get a great room on our preferred floor with a great view. The room was very comfortable, everything worked fine, and it was cleaned promptly every day. We have always enjoyed the Pyramid Cafe and wish it was still open 24 hours. We got great service and quick meals from the Backstage Deli. We had fun at the Flight Bar one night although the drink prices are a little high. Our bartender Steven was very nice. The only black mark goes to the More buffet, it's terrible! We remember it as being so much better back in the day. We went for lunch and were glad it was free because if we had paid for it we'd have been even more disappointed. There were very few offerings and what was there did not look that appetizing. Nothing stood out as being special. So go to the Luxor, skip the buffet, and enjoy the rest of what it has to offer! The novelty of staying in a pyramid never gets old, and we love to listen to the sounds from below from our room. Or sit with a drink in front of the slanted windows and watch the airport traffic. Parking is easy and nothing is too far away. We have so many fond memories of this place and were very happy that this particular stay went so well. Looking forward to our next stay there!
5	Surprised with the low score here.I loved the Luxor. Hotel management were awesome, particularly the concierge. The restaurant range was excellent (including the buffet) and the entertainment was also amazing. I also loved the location and the fact it was physically linked to two neighbouring resorts.The casino was more inviting than most, with good service and respectable attire for the cocktail waitresses (unlike some other places). The rooms were pretty basic (in relative terms) but, what are you doing in your room anyway? Get oot!Absolutely loved the place. It had everything. In a pyramid.
2	Not a very nice hotel.  The best feature of this hotel is its exterior facade.  The pyramid shape makes this hotel stand out from the competition.Other than that, I have nothing positive to say about this property.  Spend your money elsewhere on the Strip.  There are plenty of other options which cost about the same, but are so much better.
4	I Stayed in the tower, not the pyramid itself.  Clean & spacious room. Hotel had a Starbucks. No complaints here :)
1	In my opinion I would not stay here. There is no parking and Valet was full. We had to park at a different hotel and walk. Be aware and on your toes because in the lobby by registration at the bottom of the stairs there are time share sales people who are very aggressive. We go to Vegas often and usually stay at the Tropicana. We had a deal and made the change- we will not make that mistake again. Getting in late on a Friday night we could not believe the element of people- we were actually concerned for our safety. Lots of drunks and a very low class crowd- we were shocked that one scary and loudly fighting group were not being escorted out. My boyfriend was almost pick pocketed by a prostitute who got in the check out line behind us. We will not ever stay here again. Our worst experience in Vegas ever.
2	The Pyramid Rooms are ok. Definitely in need of updating. There was rot on the back of the bathroom door and the tile in the bathroom next to the shower was completely pulled away from the wall with obvious rot and mold. There was mold on the ceiling over the shower also. Luxor is in the dark ages with regard to technology also. No WiFi in the rooms. Tried to use the kiosk for checkout. There was only one kiosk and it wasn't working. They had two iPADs sitting there for checkout but neither of them worked. The line to checkout was about 70 people long. The casino and overall public amenities are nice. Overall not a bad place, just needs to be updated and better maintained.
1	Dirty. Broken elevators. Smokiest casino and rooms on the strip. Would not stay here again.
3	This hotel isn't bad for the price and location. It is a step up from Excalibur (unless you get Excaliburs newly remodeled rooms) I also don't care much for the restaurants that they have either.
2	I wouldn't stay at the Luxor again.  The staff was friendly and helpful, but whole hotel feels dirty, dark, and dated.  The rooms are also not well appointed.  There is no wifi in any of the rooms and no min-fridge.  I'm sure they do that as part of their business model so that you'll go down to the casino instead of hanging out in the room, but the place just felt like a Motel 6.  The room was musty and hot and the AC didn't work well and the walls are very thin.  We could hear entire conversations being had by the couple next door.  In addition, we asked for a non-smoking room and the room did seem to be just that.  However, they put a couple of smokers in the room immediately next to us (it was an adjoining room), and their smoke flowed into our room as if there was no wall there.  It was terrible.  Why wouldn't they have entire floors of the hotel designated for non-smokers?  (We were in the "West Tower" on the 8th floor for 4 nights)With all the other hotels on the strip, which are comparably priced, there is no reason to stay at the Luxor.  In the end, I was happy to put this hotel in the rear view and head back to the real world where smokers are shunned and made to feel small and worthless.
3	On this trip to Vegas we decided to hotel hop to try out different casinos on the strip. After paying our resort fee we got a near worthless coupon booklet.  I don't mind paying a resort fee if you get something for it. All the pools were closed and drained for cleaning. The so called fitness area was closed as well. The Internet in the rooms is wired only. No WIFI. Makes it hard to hook up your IPad ect. so for the Resort fee you get nothing what so ever at this place. The room we got was old and beat down. We thought staying in the glass pyramid would give a great view. The outside of the windows were so dirty you were looking through a deep haze. We got this room free through My Vegas games and will never return. Free and paying a resort fee was way over paying. As for the casino it's ok. Personally it was way too quiet (no one winning). no excitement anywhere. for us it's OK at best.
3	This is one of the many MGM International hotel chains.  I recently spent 2 nights here for a business convention trip because the Mandala Bay was booked.  I had 4 choices of rooms to stay in and I selected the 2nd cheapest, since it was on the company.  The room had a nice king bed, 40" plasma, separate bath and shower, unstocked mini fridge and couch.  The room was fine but it was a little dated and dark.  I think it was the Player's Room for about $80 a night.  I didn't like the 12% tax and the additional mandatory $20 resort fee for daily newspaper, gym, internet and local phone calls.  Wifi isn't available in the room, you have to physically connect.  You can only get wifi outside the rooms...........what!?It's at the end of the strip and I'd rather stay closer to the middle because all the action and newest hotels are there but it's not bad for the price.  It's easy to either walk from hotel to hotel or take a bus for $6 for 4 hrs and $8 for 24 hrs.  They have the Chris Angel "Believe" Magic Show and the Jabbawockeez "Prizm" Dance Crew for entertainment.  You also get 2 comped tickets to their club "LAX", which plays hip-hop, pop, house and techno music.If you are on a budget and just need a place to rest and don't mind being at the end of the strip, this is your place.  If you want more updated ambiance and closer to the action, look elsewhere.
1	My experience wasn't the best. My room was 90 degrees cuz the heater was on and when I switched it to the AC it was broken. They put me in a new room and the AC Was a little better but the room smelt like cigarette smoke, I am a non smoker! They have only 1 elevator for the entire hotel. I had to walk really far from my room to the elevator. The pool was closed for the winter!! I went mid February and it was anywhere from 75-80 degrees! What bogus! Let's just say I will not be staying there again. On the upside the Jabbawakeez show was amazing.
1	I have to tell you it was clean and hit a price point. However, I hate that they don't tell you about the resort fee, in addition to paying a resort fee you get charged $5.00 every time they bring something to your room....... Not cool. After nearly $100 at dinner and dessert taken to our room...They didn't pack us silverware and charged us $5.00..... LAME. I also got charged $5.00 for an extra blanket.Also no internet or reliable cell service in the rooms. Aweful, if you are trying to work and play.
4	Rooms could be a little more updated but it's a older hotel built in the 90's versus the others the are newer.The girl at the front desk upgraded us to a tower room which was built in 2008 still a little outdated. Besides the rooms the overall resort  is nice just too far down the strip away from the center where the action is for my taste. Great pool party Friday -Sunday during Memorial Day weekend.
3	pretty nice hotel, didn't come across anything bad, the bathroom had those magnify mirrors which was pretty cool so I can do my make up. it was a great stay
1	The Luxor has always appealed to my senses and a luxury hotel and casino.... WRONG! First off before i even checked in I had employees asking me to put deposits for my next years trip... While my bags are still in my hand before I even check in! Before I made the trip I payed allll fees so I wouldn't have to be hassled with a bill before I even get to my room. The lovely front deal clerk didn't even check to see if I payed because she told me I had a remaining balance of 60.00$. I get the floor manager Gerardo, who explains she messed up and that I did intact pay the fee. I decided to stay at the Luxor only because they had a deal on their rooms. The first day I check in I put the do not disturb sign on the front door and go to take a shower... Not 30 minutes into my super I got a knock at the door. I said one minuet as I dressed myself but the employe let himself in anyways. Once he saw me half naked he said sorry and asked when my check out was...... Let that slide off my shoulders. Next day, same thing happens with house keeping.... Next day, again. Literally three times I get my privacy ignored. So after being a good guest and ignoring these  incidences, I go to find a manager and what does he say?? "You know that's so rude of my employees. But what do you want." I told him I want my privacy and that I shouldn't have to ask for anything! He chuckled and said "you know, I turned 21 a few times myself...." His name was kelvin or Kevin.Bottom line is, this is a cheap hotel with no idea of what customer service is. I let multiple problems slide by me and when I finally tried to explain what happens to a manager, they smile and say have a great day. I will be staying at the bellagio next year.
1	Suxor.  1st time to Vegas ended up staying at the Luxor. Place is cheap and keep that in mine, service at tables is slow, room service is slow to bring and pick up your stuff. To top it off made the rookie mistake of leaving 200 in chips on my nightstand when we went to breakfast.....needless to stay the maid took the chips. She took my 200 and did a shitty job cleaning our place. Talked to someone at the front desk about the theft and it seems the policy for the Suxor is "I understand and I am sorry sir, but there is nothing I can do"This place SUX
2	The Luxor offered us a basic room in the West Tower with absolutely no view to speak of.  I was not able to get ANY connection to my cell phone, which made communicating with family in another hotel all but impossible.  They will charge you a nightly resort fee, which is incredibly annoying.  The check-in/out process was fairly easy.  The rooms could use some updating: the carpet in our room was fraying.  The bathroom was nice and spacious and there were separate tub and showers.  A huge disappointment I had was when I found out there was no coffee maker in the room and had to pay room service $12 for a single pot of so-so coffee.  I suppose I should have paid the starbucks in the Luxor the money for a better drink.  I am not sure we will be staying here during our next trip- the rooms were so-so, it is at the end of the strip, so there is a lot of walking.
2	The rooms gives me the creeps.. All the damn statues. We got there late and all the double beds were supposedly taken so they gave us an upgrade to a suite! Awesome right? Thought the room was quite spacious with bar and living room and one big king size bed but it was just so dark! I think I turned every light but it was so dim probably because all the black in the decor. In addition there was so many Egyptian type pics and statues that just look at you... It's so disturbing. Definitely a step up from Excalibur but I wouldn't stay here again either.
3	Very large and clean rooms.  The front desk staff and the dealers in the casino are the rudest I've encountered in Las Vegas, though. Price point and the great location will probably keep them in the short list for future visits, but their staff could definitely stand a little lesson on smiling, making eye contact and welcoming your guest.
4	The Experience:My very first time staying in a pyramid! (and probably the only way I will ever stay in a pyriamid) Decided to give this place a shot when I received a discount offer for my birthday. We came here in January and were welcomed by a pretty long line to check in but lucky for us, it moved pretty quick. There is a Starbucks near by that you can grab a drink to do yourself a favor and get ready for the night while waiting in line. The desk clerk that helped me out was really nice and noticed that I was celebrating my birthday late. We had a nice conversation about that and the holidays. She was very helpful and even offered to upgrade my room, free of charge! That definitely was a nice gesture and gave this place a huge bonus. Made me feel very welcome and excited for my weekend stay at Luxor. As she provided me the keys for the room, she explained that it's a bit tricky at times to find your room being that there is two sides of the pyramid so make sure you are on the West or East Wing or else you might be stuck walking around lost. The desk clerk also provided me a coupon book that came with my room and the birthday deal. Unfortunately there was only one coupon I really used (Rice and Company), which wasn't a bad deal. The Room: We were upgraded to the Player's Deluxe room. Walking in, it is very clean, spacious and has a nice comfy love seat to chill at if you wish. The bed is comfortable, the stand alone glass door shower was also spotless and pretty spacious. There is a tub next to it. Near the bed there is a wet bar and a small mini empty fridge to keep a few drinks cold during your stay. The tv was alright, flat screen and worked decent. Great room to stay at. Noise level from the outside though does seem to travel in (from the hallways). We had a few loud morning people on one of the days but nothing that lasted too long. It did wake me up though. The only downside about this room is their Wolfgang Puck Coffee. I thought it was gonna be a great perk to have but honestly, not sure if the coffee maker wasn't working or what because it was a huge nasty mess that went down the drain. Casino: There is plenty of slots and tables. I was lucky enough that weekend to come back with more than I had taken. Some of the dealers are friendly while some are pretty snobby. There is a good amount of waitresses walking around and it doesn't take too long for you to get your drink. One thing that bothered me though about being downstairs in this casino were the people trying to get you to sign up for time shares and what not. If you are a couple, they will aim at you for sure! Just walk away from them and don't get sucked in with their free show offers. Once you hear the catch and you decline, they rudely turn you away.Customer service: 10/10Player's Deluxe room: 8/10Decorations around the hotel: very neat and interesting! 10/10Casino: 7/10Over all: 8/10Wouldn't mind coming back and staying here again, especially since the service and the rooms were great. Only thing is that it is at the beg/end of the strip (depending where you're coming from) towards Mandalay Bay and THE Hotel. It is a little further than I wish it would be but at least you get a few walking steps in your day which we all need after eating a buffet.#45/2014
4	Nice place- could use a little TLC but the structure is amazing and the rooms are lovely. The staff is very helpful. One of the treats is the soap, shaped as a pyramid .
2	Just spent a quick night there for work - huge trade show here this week. The two and a half stars they have is about right. One of the older casinos on the strip and it shows. The wall paper in the halls is falling off in places - granted they are doing some construction remodeling, but nothing major. The place is reasonably clean.... Okay that's about the only good thing I can think of to day. 2 stars maybe 3 on a good day.
5	My first thought was Katy Perrys song dark horse !!!!!Well ... Anyway ... My bf & I stayed in vegas at lux for 4days. When I first walked in the inside architecture is just as beautiful as the outside. they have a few great shows in the lux. A food court ( go to LA subs !!!!!). The woman that checked us in was very nice. We stayed in the pyramid floor 10. The pyramids elevator was shaky( which freaked me out) but the hall & room were both very clean. You can set your own temperature in the  room. Room service, but if you put your sign on the door the lovely maids won't peep & bother. Beds are very comfortable (I think I was sleeping on a cloud) bathroom was nice & very clean with soaps. On the third day we were there... We woke to a leak in the roof of our room due to epic rain... So they moved us to floor 18 in the tower of the lux( which was a lot fancier) the elevator was smooth... Lol. Oh might I yelp about the fantasy show in the lux ;) the women were all very talented & gorgeous. They dance & show boobies, but no kitty. Also.... The casino doesn't smell like cigs (like most casinos do) it smelled as if I walked into Victorias secret. There's also a walkway escalator thingy that leads to the Excalibur from the lux inside, which I thought was pretty cool.  Anyway .... Overall ... The lux was a great experience. We'd go back.
2	I'd like to give the place 3+ stars because the lobby is nice, and pretty much every staff member from bartenders to housekeeping was really friendly and helpful.The bad news: The rooms are badly in need of a remodel. The air conditioning simply DOES NOT work regardless of being on the coldest setting & fan on high.No wireless internet. "Go downstairs to Starbucks" Really??The room service menus in the rooms are outdated. Housekeeping made two attempts to get us the right menu, but were obviously unaware of the change. Once we got the right menu, the food was good and was served hot.We tried to review our bill in response to an email from the hotel, and received a message "no data available" I then clicked on express check out hoping I'd get an approval page, and received a "you are checked out" message without ever seeing the bill.Every day our phone flashed a red light indicating a voice mail. The "message" was from the Luxor hustling us to go to the spa or some show or restaurant. I stopped listening after the first one. Please don't try to upsell once we're already guest. Tacky.Overall, the Luxor could be a nice Vegas destination. While I have little experience in lodging & hospitality industry my 25+ years of business experience tells me that a change in management should be considered. If you can get in cheap, and you'r not picky, this place is fine. Otherwise, go down the road a bit.
4	My stay was much better than I thought it would be. I was staying there for the RE/MAX convention next door at the Mandalay Bay. It was a convenient walk to the hotel next door. The staff was very friendly. The hotel shows so some signs of wear. People told me that elevators were funny and the are. They travel at an angle and the start and stop are an unusual feeling for an elevator. The room had a very noisy bathroom fan. To watch a movie you needed to call the front desk. I waited on hold until I did not want to watch a movie anymore.The room temperature control was not a thermometer, just a dial in the unit.I did enjoy my stay.
2	What hotel doesn't have wifi?!?!? I called for wifi and they told me I had to go down to the casino for it to be free. I'm trying to check a few work emails before going out, what the heck! Room is okay, asked for a strip view and even paid extra and got a view of the towers -__-  Probably won't stay here again.
2	The good - Everyone was very nice. The inside was cool. The bad- They had no wifi - they offered a ethernet cable in the room - which did no help with my mac, iPhone, or tablet. The room was dirty with mysterious stains on the floor, couch, and curtains. The bathroom fan didn't work. When I spoke to a manager about it, he did nothing. We had been transferred from a tower suite (which was clean and nice) to a pyramid suite so we could be closer to family - we were charged the same price but the room was a downgrade (to say the least). We said we didn't want to change if it was not as nice, and were told it had the same amenities. Coffee!!! They did not have coffee available in our room. They said it was a fire hazard, and it made me wonder about if I should plug in my flat iron. I was told if I bought a coffee pot and had it in my room it would be confiscated. One morning I thought I would have coffee brought up to us $25 for a pot of coffee - $5/ cup. So with our group it would have cost us $60 for 5 people to have coffee and it would have been an hour wait. Even motel 6 has wifi and coffee figured out.
2	Not the best casino.Bad location first of all.  You have to walk miles to be where the action is.Rooms looked like King Tut's Tomb.  Literally it looked like a tomb.  Dark and musty.  We stayed in the Pyramid part and had a slope in our room.  You leave the place with a neck cramp.Place smells funny.  Not bad but funny.  Like clove cigarettes that somebody sprayed with cologne.  I don't know what type of scent they were going for.  Perhaps the janitor's dead body is in the vents and he was a fan of cloves and cool water.  Who knows?  My theory is as good as any.IF YOU DO STAY HERE, THIS IS A HUGE TIP:When you walk past the counter and toward your room you will pass this little desk.  There are these people there that usually have an accent (some may not).  They ask you "how long are you in vegas" or "you want to see any shows?"  Stay away from these people.  They are located in other hotels on the strip as well (right by the entrance to the forum shops at Caesars and at the entrance to the Venetian Canal Shoppes has these scum for sure).  Do not talk to them...do not even give them the time of day.  Be rude to them if you want to.  They prey on newcomers by enticing you with a free stay etc.  What you don't know is that they "swipe your credit card to reserve your stay" and charge you for it.  Nice huh?  My first time in vegas I fell for it.  I got it taken off, but the last thing you want in vegas is an immediate charge to your card that you have to deal with.  Stay away from these people and hate these people.  They are worse than car salesmen.  I know they need to work etc.....but how about getting a real job?  I need to work too, but you don't see me working as the guy that unplugs life support at hospitals.  That would be a horrible job.  People would equate me with death.  I equate these "Vacations" people as scammers and annoyances.  They are mosquitos.  Just walk past them or you can yell back.  Either way it is good fun for everyone.  Trust me...if this is your first time in Vegas...please avoid these people.  They are looking for first-timers to scam.
4	I stayed in the tower deluxe suite. I loved the hotel it was clean the bathrooms were spacious and the bed was very comfortable. I just hated how everything in the food court was insanely expensive. 4 dollars for a soda no thank you.
3	Just got back from a 2 night stay at the Luxor (Mon & Tues). I'm happy to report that our stay A-OK. We didn't have any major issues for our 2 nights and everyone we delt with was friendly and helpful. I was dreading a long line for check in at 3pm but there were only about 10 people in front of us and we got to an agent within 5 minutes. We stayed in a pyramid 2 queen room and everything was clean and prepared for us. It's obvious it's an older room but the bed was comfy the pillows were amazing and the room had everything we needed. I knew the Luxor was farther down the strip and that's really the only reason we wouldn't stay here again. It took us about 30 minutes to get to he center (Bellagio, Cosmo, Cesars) of the strip by walking. The deal on the room was great and would recommend this place to anyone looking for a comfy room on a budget.
3	My husband, brother in law, 6 month old and I stayed in a 2 queen bed deluxe suite which was approximately $123 for 2 nights. It also included a $20 credit to use in the hotel's bars or restaurant. When we first checked in we were asked to pay a resort fee of about $22 a night which I kind of understand since it covers the pool usage, telephone, valet, etc. but we didn't end up using any of that. The self-park parking lot was very big and conveniently located at the back of the hotel with an easy walk way that led you right inside. I had requested a crib which never came. But I'm kind of glad it didn't because they would've charged me a rental fee of $30 a night. The room was rather clean other than a random, I'm guessing, used rag that we found in the shower. It seemed like an honest mistake from house keeping and they did come in and pick it up. A great part about the hotel is, even though it's a smoking permitted hotel, you couldn't tell because of how nice it smells inside. The only time I smelled any cigarette smoke was when this rude guy blew it right in my face while he walked by. The staff is pretty friendly and there is a lot to do inside if you wanna pay the high prices. Over all not a horrible experience but not the best either.
4	The Luxor was fantastic! The pool was great and the pyramid rooms were not a far walk. Be prepared to hike if you get a Tower room. The only negative I have are the windows. They were not clean and looking out of your window you just saw dirt and grime. Made it difficult to take pictures of the great views
4	The Luxor is a beautiful building and a great casino. It's not the biggest casino - it's rather small actually, for being on the Strip - but the dealers are extremely engaging and a lot of fun. Everyone had a great time at the tables and the dealers, pit bosses and everyone in between were enjoyable personalities. I did not stay at the Luxor so I cannot review their hotel rooms and I did not get food there either, but the casino was a tremendously enjoyable experience and I will definitely be back to game there. It is a MLife member.
4	I stayed at The Luxor back in October 1999.  Very cool features about this hotel....starting with the "inclinators"....which are elevators that rise at 39 deg angles inside the Main Tower which is the Pyramid.  They have a huge arcade, a King Tut's museum and all sorts of other Egyptian themed attractions.
2	I feel similarly with some of the 2-3 star reviews I've read-- not horrid, not great. To be honest, if the windows had been clean (in our pyramid suite) this would have bumped up a star or two. No matter how great the amenities are inside (which were very standard fyi), its hard to feel any sort of luxury when the windows are filthy disgusting and its the only way to get some light into the room. We kept our shades drawn when there was light out so I wouldn't gag while looking out. At least at night we had the lights of the Mandarin out the window, not that we were there much at night but to sleep...Otherwise, the staff was all friendly and accommodating. There's a little cafe/restaurant located by elevator 2 that we wished we would have found several days prior than we did... decent food at decent prices with lots of breakfast, lunch & dinner options for a quick meal without dropping a benny. All in all, it was fine but I probably wouldn't stay here again. Unless it was a penthouse suite in the tower.
2	I really liked staying at the Luxor until now. I recently stayed at the Luxor for two days and the room was dirty and it had been neglected cosmetically. The walls had dents, the wallpaper was tearing apart, the rug was sticky and to top it off the Luxor pen they provided us with had a chewed cap which they didn't replace after we called it in.
1	Let me Start this off with " This place is the Arm Pit of the Las Vegas Strip!" If you happen to work hard for your money and want some kind of Value for your "Hard Earned Cash" Go Else Where!    But Hey You just might Like this Trailer Park if your Cool with Prostitutes Working the Casino Area while you walk with your Girl " Is $200 for around the World a good Price?"   But Wait a minute...... Just before you thought that I was going to say something Good, They also have Pick Pockets Working right after the Chris Angel Show and that's where the Real Magic Starts....  you'll see that after you have been ripped off that they wont use the Cameras to find out who slipped their hand into your pocket stole your Wallet! ( They only use those to make sure your not Ripping them off!)   While I was at the security booth 3 other people came up with missing wallets and Bubble Gum Chick acted like it business as usual... just fill out the form Sir!  also these Scum Bag's Pick Pocket Jockey's don't even have the common courtesy to give the family jewels a jingle when they are right next to them, What this World Coming too?........  "Wallet was in the Front Pocket"   So  I would like to Sum this up  with this is a Place to Avoid Like you would a Restaurant with a F Health inspection hanging in the window, a Tropical island infested with Dengue fever, Booking a flight on Malaysia Airlines, Walking in a Minefield, Picnicking at a Gun Range, Paying Double on your Taxes, Swimming at a Alligator Farm or Walking into a Police Station in your Birthday Suit holding a Squirt Gun while screaming  at the top of your lungs that your " Sexy and you know it"  wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah!!!!Yours Sincerely Greg H.
3	The theme of this hotel is neat. The place could use some upgrades though. The room was a little worn out but decent. Good views of the mountain and strip. Getting a room in the pyramid was neat because the hallway overlooks the entire interior.
4	Stayed at the Luxor 4 nights and 5 days for Spring Break. The shows are great, go for the 2 for $75 special. Magic Jam and Fantasy were both awesome. Rooms were clean and the bed was comfortable. The MORE buffet is also a great deal. T&T on the second level is worth checking out. The pool is also a lot of fun. Missed 5 stars because of the dirty windows. So dirty that I couldn't take a Picture out of the window from my room.
3	This is a Las Vegas Strip hotel, not a regular hotel, so keep that in mind if you're visiting the strip.  The amenities that you would usually expect have to be paid for, but who stays in their room in Vegas, except to sleep (if that)?  The casino doesn't have complimentary coffee in your room because they want you to go to downstairs and order from Starbucks.  Room service is higher than other places because most people just go downstairs to get something to eat.As far as a place to sleep, it's not bad. For what I paid on priceline ($38 for the night plus a $20 resort fee, altogether not bad for a hotel), I was satisfied.  Parking is free and only mildly inconvenient.  I didn't have too much luggage so the walk through the casino to the front desk (about a ten minute walk) wasn't too bad.  If you're with a family, lugging bags latched onto bags with tots in tow, then that's a different story.If you don't feel like staying in the Bellagio or the Venetian, then a place like this is the next rung down.It's located right in the middle of all that's worth seeing in the strip (NY NY, Mandalay Bay).The main buffet is okay.  I don't particular favor buffets to begin with but for convenient eating (meaning you just need sustenance), it provides what you need.  But there are plenty of other better buffets in the adjacent hotels/casinos.  Stick to the restaurants though.The pool is crowded and chaotic--and not in the sexy way you see on TV commercials.  Lots of families and kids cannonballing into the pool so if you aim to recline and look calm and cool like Don Draper, try the Venetian.  The Luxor is where you lift up your sunglasses to give a sidelong glance at the overwhelmed father telling his six kids to stop running.But if you just need a decent, affordable room that is centrally located in the strip, if you just need a place to sleep for the few hours you'll probably devote to sleep because you'll be out and about and grubbing and clubbing in the bright bright bright lights of Vegas, then the Luxor won't fail you here.
5	My husband and I stayed here 4 days and 3 nights. The room was always clean and the staff was very attentive to our every need. The bars and LAX was fun and not very expensive. I absolutely loved the alcoholic slushies at Evening Call. :D Check in was easy and quick at 12:00am and the quick check out made checking out easy. I had no complaints only praises. If you are looking for a hotel that is close to the center of the strip this is not the place for you. If you want to enjoy the whole strip by walking, cab rides, or the tram this is the place for you.
4	Las Vegas is home to some of the very best and also the very worst hotels.   It's ridiculous the amount of luxury and pampering that is to offer if you have enough money to drop... and on the flip side it is scary/disgusting/potentially-biohazardous where you can end up if you don't.   The Luxor obviously falls somewhere in the middle of those two extremes.This is a great place to stay if you are looking for a basic room on the strip.  Location location location - this place has it.  It's smack dab in the middle of the action, toward the newer nicer end of the strip.   The prices for the basic rooms here are among the lowest on the strip.  It's true that in most other cities, the amount per night you are paying here would probably get you an upgraded room, but you have to remember that Vegas has a higher baseline price.  (Unless you want to wander off strip - which I DO NOT recommend from more bad/scary/unsanitary experiences than I care to admit.)    Be aware, the basic rooms are very basic.  There is no refrigerator, no coffee maker, and not a lot of frills.  But they are clean and comfortable.  The basic amenities are there.... TV/Shower/Bath/Closets/Drawers/Toiletries/Towels/Ice/Glasses/BEDS/table/etc.  (Honorable mention for the pyramid-shaped soap! Miniature anything makes me squeee! hehe.)   Everyone recommended staying in the Tower rooms vs. the Pyramid rooms, as they're newer and a little larger, so we did - although the novelty of the Pyramid rooms was appealing to me, I was overruled.  Also, the staff were attentive and friendly.  We were three needy women with lots of demands and they met them all promptly and with a smile.  Check-in was fast and easy, and the friendly woman there answered all of our questions about what to do, how to get around, etc.The hotel/casino itself is beautiful.    This place is a bit older and some of its shiny has worn off, but I can still appreciate it.    Helllooo it's a pyramid!  How can that NOT be cool?  And the Egyptian themed decor is stunning and beautiful.  You get a little numb to the over indulged larger than life decor after about 8 hours in Vegas, but if you airlifted this hotel and dropped it in the middle of hotel circle in San Diego, I'm certain it would be the talk of the town.There are a few nice bar/lounges in the casino - we found ourselves gravitating to Aurora and spending many hours there playing video poker and chatting up the bartenders.    The hotel also offers walkways to the two adjoining hotels (Excalibur & Mandalay Bay) lined with food and shopping for easy meandering from place to place.   They also offer a tram that runs back and forth between the three hotels for those who prefer to skip the walk.  (I could tell you some interesting stories from those tram rides if I were to break the Vegas Secrecy code. lol)All in all, I really enjoyed our stay here.  Sure I've stayed in nicer/fancier hotels and I'm sure I will again, but not every time around.  When what  I want is an affordable, comfortable place to rest my head between adventures in Sin City, I will definitely be returning to the Luxor and recommend it to anyone with similar expectations.
3	They have $10 black jack and baccarat tables all day. However, they don't honor requests from players to convert the table to a non-smoking table even though everyone on the table are non-smokers.
5	I like the setting and this hotel has a lot of space very chill...
4	I was really surprised at how much I liked the Luxor. From reading the reviews it's not somewhere I would have picked to stay but we went with a group and this is where we ended up. The check in went really smooth. I like the option of being able to check in early, even though there is a small fee to do so. If you don't want to pay that fee you can still check in then wait until 3 to get your room which eliminates the huge lines. We were checked in within 15 minutes including standing in line. We stayed in a pyramid king room, which was plenty big enough and had a small table and two chairs plus an oversized chair. The bed was decent enough and after a day of walking around Vegas it felt great when we finally made it to bed. The bathroom and especially the shower was very niceI did pretty well in the casino and all of the employees were very friendly and helpful. The only negatives I found were the people constantly trying to sell you vacation packages. I don't mind being asked once but geez-you end up just being rude to them by the 10th time they try to get you. The other negative is how far down the strip it is. If you want to go down to Ceasars it's quite a walk. Overall the room was nice and super quiet which is really important to me. I think we will definitely be back. I would like to stay in the tower next time to see how it compares.
1	I would actually love to give this place no stars but obviously I can't. I stayed at this hotel one time and that's all that did it for me. This hotel is randomly stupid. The slots are like whatever too. I stayed there for 3 nights. The first night I barely was in the room. The second night is where everything went down. I slept in the bed and woke up covered in blotches all over my body. They itched like crazy and I was finding myself looking for a CVS and trying to get rid of it rather than sitting by the pool having a good time. I later found out the hotel has a bed bug problem. My suitcase was on the bed half the time so I just threw the whole thing out including my clothes. I rushed to a doctor out here by my house and they said they go away on their own. I spent almost a month being tormented by it.
4	I was in Vegas last weekend with friends and had a great experience at The Luxor.  We stayed in the east towers which were clean and are rooms were easily  accessible. Staff was friendly and very knowledgeable about Vegas. The rooms were also a great deal which was wonderful. Would definitely stay there again next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Found a great deal on Kayak / Travelocity - $160 for Saturday night when every other site had it for $199 - $235, other comparable places started at $240.So this is the biggest selling point for me, the *relatively* cheap price compared to other casinos on the strip with similar rating and amenities.  The last time I stayed for 3 nights at $48 per night.However this time I assumed that because it was a Saturday night and other places were expensive or sold out I was just paying a premium.  No. Hot tub in the room, huge bathroom and another room with its own window and total of two flat screen tv's, there's was a mini fridge too.No wifi to be found even though you pay a $20 resort fee.We didn't even turn on the tv however as we only used the room to sleep and use the bathroom. Oh well, great stay!
4	For the price luxor cant be beat. Theres many bad reviews on here about smell and bad service and stuff but my stay had none of the sort. Will definitely stay again.
2	On the plus side, my room was clean and in good condition and offered at a reasonable rate.  On the minus side:  The rooms take a long time to get to (towers or Pyramid); the hotel and casino are dark, smelly, stuffy, grimey, crowded, and out of date; the gym is miniscule for the size of the Hotel and it is impossible to get a workout completed when big conventions are in house--plus they offer no cooperative options with other hotels; the Pool is closed for most of the winter; the restaurants are outdated and out of touch; the Starbucks are understaffed and overwhelmed 90% of the time (30 minute wait!);  the staff is underwhelming.
4	I've always wanted to stay here & was not dissapointed. Beautiful hotel, first class service, I slept well. My only recommendation is to make sure you order your room online. They charge extra to make your reservations over the phone (really?) you can find good deals if you look. I didn't see any of their shows, we had other tickets.
2	My only other trip to Las Vegas was two summers ago and I stayed at the Wynn/Encore, so with that in mind...I think this review fits in with most of the rest and I felt very 'meh' about Luxor.  We paid about $80 a night for a Monday-Thursday stay which is pretty awesome considering that you usually can't find a room for under $100 on the strip.  But you definitely get what you pay for...  Very, very standard (and in need of renovation) rooms- which again, is more than okay with me because you're only in the room for a few hours between bars/casino's and the pool.  The food choices are okay, the More buffet wasn't bad for the price.  The real standout was the Pyramid Cafe, you must try the waffles or pancakes (Red Velvet pancakes?!  If you have time, check out the Titanic and Bodies exhibits, both are very cool.  The guys at the bell desk are extremely helpful too, they'll store your bags before or after check-in with no charge.  One extra side note for the "pro's"- the guest services rep who checked us in, let us have our room 3 hours early with no charge which we really did appreciate.Everything else about this place just lost me...  I understand the pyramid thing is pretty cool and gimmicky but after a while it gets annoying.  The floor plan of the place is very odd, the elevators are stuck deep on the corners of the place and you find yourself constantly going up and down stairs and escalators to anywhere or do anything.  One thing that made me really dislike this place though, were the "vultures" constantly on the floor trying to get my girlfriend and I to come talk to them about their newest condo ownership opportunity and give them money so they can comp us something later...  This happened more times than I can count.  I guess overall, even though we stayed there we never really felt welcome.  It's possible my previous visit set too high of a standard for a Vegas hotel...  During our next trips out to Vegas we'll be willing to spend a little more on a hotel for newer rooms and hopefully a better floor plan with no crazy salespeople.
2	Stayed with Luxor for one night (Monday, 3/24-Tuesday, 3/25) because I had a free deal from MyVegas (FB game). Went to baggage check-in when we got there (it was 8am in the morning and was not able to check in till 3pm). Took our bags, free of charge, but we left a tip when we got our bags later on.I checked in at 5. Process took pretty fast and immediately went up to our room. We had a 2 queen bed and the room looked pretty decent. I didn't expect much, since it was Luxor and a free hotel deal. There was a decent size bathroom and walking space as well.However, there was no WIFI :( (ehhh... it's Luxor).Check-out process was pretty fast. You can actually check-out from the tv in your room! Just remember that check-out is at 11AM the next day. When you check out through your room TV, just drop off the room keys by the elevator. BTW... 2 problems that I had: 1) I had was the room alarm ringing at 6AM in the morning. Mind you that I DID NOT SET IT. I was super tired from clubbing the other night and had to constantly turn that thing off! -_____-2) It was 9AM when someone randomly opened our hotel room door when all my girls and I were still sleeping. Not sure if they knocked, but they came in anyways and said "Anyone there?" Since I DID NOT CHECK OUT yet, why is there someone coming in our room? Not even sure if it was a staff member or room mix-up with someone else...
1	I've stayed at the Luxor before but this time when I went the people made it very disappointing.  I had a $20 food and beverage credit as part of the Expedia deal that they told me I couldn't use.  And then they wouldn't let me charge anything to my room, even though they took my credit card at check in.  They just kept telling me I wasn't allowed even though I was never asked.  And when I checked in, they didn't review anything- amenities, coupons, etc... With me.  When I tried to ask for the credit back to my visa for the food and beverage, the manager on duty was rude and not customer friendly.  I told her I wouldn't be back and she said "ok".  What happened to the customer is always right?  What happened to courtesy and friendliness?  If you must stay at the Luxor, I caution you to ask a lot of questions, read all the fine print, and don't expect them to treat you with respect.  Very disappointing and if/when i do head back to Vegas, I will NOT be staying there (and will be telling all my friends not to stay there).  Shame on you, Luxor, for not appreciating the people who visit you.
1	Worst hotel I've ever stayed at in my entire life. Found blood on the sheets (before I slept in them), ripped towels, noisy at night, smelly rooms, dirty windows, no bath tub...We moved from the Wynn to the Luxor and boy oh boy was there a hugeeee difference!  Only saving grace was the friendly staff and $10 blackjack (compared to $25 at Wynn). Gym was just OK (small and several machines broken) and the pool was OK too. Would not return even if the room was free.
4	Stay in one of the towers!!!!! We stayed at Luxor (first time at Luxor ever) this past weekend. We checked in on Friday. We were supposed to have a pyramid room. It was incredibly loud between the casino and club. I asked if we could have a room that's less likely to be blasted out by music. The guy at check in was nice and helpful. He moved us to a tower room (with our permission). And I'm so glad we did. First, the tower rooms are bigger. Tub and shower. Nice, nice, nice. We were surprised given Luxor is one of the least expensive. The tower was not crowded, easy to get an elevator. Nice and quiet. We did not eat anywhere at Luxor so I can not speak to the food. But the ladies at the m-life desk were nice and helpful. The guy at check in was accommodating and beyond nice. We will for sure stay there again!!!! The only down side is I think a staff smoked weed in our room at some point before we checked in. I know that sounds paranoid but our room smelled heavy of pot....and I mean heavy. It was enough to damn near choke us. But the room was clean, everything in place. I think it was staff. Oh well, we slept better because of it :)
4	It's a great experience every time we come to Vegas.... We love this hotel, the rooms are a little dark, and the fact that we can only get wifi down stares is what sucks!!! But still love it! We seen bodies and the titanic it was very nice!
4	For what it is, this is a good hotel. It is a much cheaper option than a lot of the other hotels. Sure you are a little further away from being in the middle of the action (like where the MGM would be) but really not by much and you ARE still on the strip. I stayed here for 3 nights, and paid $35 per night. You can't get much better than that. Of course you have the $20 per night resort fee but that is Vegas for you and you can't get away from that charge no matter what hotel you stay in. The room was nothing special, but it was very clean and that is all I expected for $35 a night. Beats spending $250 a night somewhere else. And I will say I met the nicest cleaning ladies (maids) here. There is still plenty to do in this hotel. You have shows like Criss Angel, Carrot Top, The Bodies Exhibit, Titanic Exhibit, you have some restaurants and bars inside the hotel with the casino gambling option as well. You have some decent smaller establishments to eat at: shout out to Backstage Deli. Try it! You won't be disappointed. And if you want more options you can take the walkway straight over to the Excalibur. I don't know what all the fussing is about with everyone saying "this is not as nice as the other hotels". Well duh, but you aren't paying nearly as much either.
3	Stayed at the beautiful, elegant Palazzo this weekend, checked out on Sunday. Hit the road just to discover traffic on I-15 S was extremely heavy and decided to turn around and stay one last night on the strip rather than sit in traffic all night long.Using my smart phone, I found the cheapest rate on the strip was at the Luxor. $42! Since all we really needed was a bed, we spun around and headed over. Valet parking was full(!) so we had to self-park in the difficult-to-find lot behind the casino. Walked a long distance into the casino with our bags only to discover a LONG, WINDING check in line.The line moved fairly quickly. Front desk attendant was polite and generously offered a free upgrade from the noisy Pyramid room to a basic room in Tower East. We gratefully accepted, being tired already and wanting a good night's sleep.Room was kitschy but clean. Pros: two wardrobes for hanging clothes; nice shower and tub; cute pyramid-shaped soap; $42 room fee! Cons: No WiFi in the rooms at all, not even for a fee; no chain lock or dead bolt on door. In a city where an average bar bill is $147, clean, neat accommodations for $42 is amazing.
4	Rooms are nice, hotel staff was also nice and friendly.  Spa was not the greatest but overall a great deal fro the price I paid.
5	Luxor could use some updating and better lights in the guest rooms, yes, but it still holds a special place in my heart.  I have visited the Luxor Casino and resort space a few times, and stayed in the hotel last year.  Upon arrival, the desk agent was beyond helpful, and even upgraded the room since it was my birthday.  The room was clean, and had a great view of the Excalibur and Paris, nice big comfy beds, and a large bathroom - all you really need in Vegas.  Their pool is awesome (although it always seems to get cold whenever I go there), and the ambiance is equally great.  Also, I got engaged here, so you know... special place in my heart :)
4	I don't know what everyone is complaining about. It's a good cheapish hotel that's on the strip. Parking is in the back of the pyramid. Stayed here on the weekend of March 28-30. Check in was at 3pm. Line was long but went away quickly. Our room wasn't too bad. We had 2 queens beds, good size HDTV, a cabinet with 4 shelves and an armoire. The armoire had a small digit locked safe that was complimentary for us to use. No mini fridge though surprisingly. We just used our ice bucket anyways. A/C unit keeps our room cool but not too cold even on the max which is good in my opinion since we left it on overnight. Bathroom was nice. Thing I have to complain about was the water pressure and the calcium buildup on the shower head. The room was clean and tidy throughout our stay. Bed was soft and comfortable. Noise level from the casino and bottom floor never reached our room (11th Floor). 2 elevator shafts opposite from one another with 4 elevators in each shaft. The walk to our room/to the elevator was tedious since an elevator shaft wasn't nearby. The pool was nice. Just flash your key card and you can get your friends in with you even if they don't have one. 2 pools were open. Both pools were 3 1/2 feet deep sadly. Our stay was uninterrupted and comfortable.
3	Stayed here only once but it was ok nice and big room in the pyramid and right above the casino...it was steel pretty quite didnt hear much of the casino noise which was a suprise.  This hotel is a bit in need of a remodel but still a goood hotel hopeing to cjheck out the pool next time we stay here. COupons come in handy here too. Not alot of food otpions but then agian there are tons on the strip and neighboring hotels.
3	For the price (comped for 4 nights...$35 a night to upgrade to a suite) it was fine. Rice and Co was horrible. Food was fair anywhere there. Small casino which worked for my friend who was recovering from foot surgery. Sheets were clean, bathroom floor was not (dark floor, I wiped with a wet, white towel...wish I stayed in denial). Ok check in process but this is only because we beat the crowd that was lined up by the time we got to the front of the line. Bell woman failed as she put first my computer back pack on the ground to prop open the door, which I then grabbed and said "This is my computer." She then took my friend's pillows and put those on the ground. (Yes, the tip shrunk as I grabbed the pillows and went "Really? Pillows on the ground?") The bellman early this morning was Great!!! Goes to show, just depends upon who you get. Would I come back? Sure, for the price but if I were willing to pay more (or gamble more to get better comps) I would stay somewhere else.
4	2 night stay in west tower was great!  Comfy bed and chairs, enjoyed the bath tub too.  Pool area excellent!  Staff very friendly.  Pyramid was dirty but enjoyed watching the amazing window cleaner repelling from the peak.  Well worth the stay for the money.  Tip - buy your booze across the street by Mcdonalds to save money.  We will return to luxor.
2	Very nice rooms for a good price; exceedingly nice and efficient front desk check-in staff; and conveniently interconnected to numerous other properties.  I could tell you that the check-in process, for a hotel with about 25 registration desks, was virtually flawless and lightning fast.  I could go on about how it's conveniently connected to Mandalay Bay's incredible and very long restaurant strip,  or how Luxor's Mexican restaurant up on their 2nd floor atrium is amazing in its cuisine and drink, which it most definitely was (Tacos & Tequila I think?).  However good all of the above was, I have but one comment left: I will NEVER stay at this iconic property again until you folks get wi-fi up in the rooms.  I repeat, NEVER.  Hello, it's 2014, in a world-class property, yet for me to get online, I have to get to THE LOBBY, via the long multiple labyrinths of hallways, elevators, more hallways, odd drunken people at every turn and elevator floor stop?  Um, no thank you.Fix the problem please, then maybe I'll come back.  What a shame, and I heard I'm about the thousandth person this month alone to complain about this problem. And still, the front desk personnel are nothing but empathetic and gracious.
3	This is an overall decent hotel/casino with some positives and negatives.Positives:This hotel is probably one or the most affordable hotels on the main strip.  The rooms and suites are decent size. I still think it's pretty cool it is shaped like a pyramid, even if it is a bit outdated. The casino tables here are a bit cheaper then the other casinos. So you can find 10$ and 15$ black jack tables! The oasis pool is actually the biggest pool from any of the hotels and they always have a decent DJ by the pool side.Negatives:Steer clear from the buffet and any of the eating places here, they all pretty much suck. If you are looking for two queen beds it's based on availability and they get taken quickly. I and one of my boys did not know that and got stuck with a king and a roll up bed. Another thing is it is very difficult to get sleep in this hotel, not sure what it is but maybe since they pump oxygen in the room.Another thing to remember is you are south of the strip, but you are only a 10 - 15$ ride to practically anywhere on the strip.
3	I was a little disappointed. My room kind of sucked and the hotel service was a little off. We had fun gambling here and there is a really fun bar to get the night started but all in all I don't plan in stating here again.
3	Nice enough, but rooms needs a renovation.  I can justify three stars, but not a four star.  Room we were in is a two room suite that apears to be missing some furniture and has a pretty old soaker tub in the corner.   Lobby is exciting and massive and location on strip is decent. We got a good deal on room, so overall worth price. I'd be upset if full price. Pools look nice, but haven't used them as of yet. Check in staff a little snippy and unhelpful.  Valet guy was very nice and helped us to self park.
1	my friend michele and i stayed in room #1031 from march 21st thru the 24th, 2014. the elevator ride was horrible! caution - to the disabled. the elevator was slanted we literally swung to the left or right ends of the elevator depending the side we got in. the room lighting was very dim. girls, if you plan on getting ready and doing your make up be aware that you will look like a clown walking out of your room not knowing how you did your make up in the dark. the bathroom light was not bright enough either. now, the best for last - the worst part of this room was the bed bugs. michele and i got bit up arms, legs, feet!! horrible, at first we thought we were allergic to something we took benedryl day 1, it continued each night and got worse along the days.  so we return from our anxiety/itchy trip and put in a complaint. first we call guest services they tell us to contact security as they are the ones that process the claims. security takes our report and says they will report it to their risk mgmt dept and would call us. its been two weeks no word from them so today michele and i called again and the security guy transfers us to the risk management and they told us that an inspection was done and there are no bed bugs!! we asked for a report and when it was done and how many ppl stayed after us and he suggested we send a subpoena for it. no proof no record! we want to know how many ppl slept in those beds after us, and who conducted the investigation. we are sending a subpoena. please do not stay at luxor!
5	Have stayed at the Luxor many times and it has always been great. It is a nice hotel, not super fancy like some but it is clean and they are always doing some type of renovation. The pool is really nice. The parking garage is convenient and free to use. They have really good restaurants on the property. The shows at the Luxor are some of the best.
1	Unbelievable. First, there is no wi fi in the rooms. They have a modem that you can connect to but for a Mac user that's not an option. The room I have is halfway down the hall but I can hear the elevator making all kinds of racket. The temperature controls are broken, not sure how this will play out overnight. I'm here for a conference at the Mandalay Bay and really wishing they weren't booked solid.
4	It was my first time ever in Vegas  and I was very excited once i saw the hotel . I thought it was absolutely beautiful, It didnt take us to terribly long to check in wich was nice. However we spend an entire hour trying to look for our hotel room. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again!!:-)
1	Very poor experience.  The room was cramped and the pyramid-shape means a low slanted ceiling. No wi-fi, just a modem!! And the receptionist was unhelpful, even though it was our anniversary.  Will never ever stay here or recommend it to anyone.
1	So, to add to my review, the cleanliness is seriously lacking. There was urine splashed on the inside of the toilet lid. I went to get my shoes from beside the bed and noticed 'items' left under the bed by other guests. I was awake much of the night due to the ridiculous noise of that elevator. If you're not going to offer in room wifi, at least have decent common area lounges for guests. I find it very telling that no one asked about my stay upon checking out.
1	I had to stay there three nights in a row as I was at a conference at Mandalay. Three of us stayed there and not one of us had ever stayed at a worse place. Suffice to say, this place is a DUMP. Rooms were dirty, wallpaper peeling, shower pan was plastic - like the worst motel you've ever been to. There is no excuse for this being an MGM property.
3	An older property and it shows.  Ride the "inclinator" or elevator on an incline to your room.  I always liked the Egyptian theme with the obelisk inside the pyramid.
1	WORSE SERVICE EVER!!!! Incompetent workers who are rude & had us wait over three hours to check in. It's 6 am & all we want to do is sleep but we can't because the workers have no idea what they're doing. They tried charging me 75% more because they made a mistake & failed to take responsibility. They barely lifted a finger to help. We had to make calls to their customer service to get the problem fixed. Don't waste your time, energy, or money.
2	Wow, the Luxor needs and update in a series way! Not only is the layout of the hotel awkward, but the everything in the rooms is old.  To start off, there is one elevator entrance for the entire place which means you have to walk forever to get to, if your in one of the rooms caddy-corner... which we were. So forget about getting ice! Luckily we didn't spend too much time in the hotel or the room, so I can't say much except... if you get a good deal and don't mind staying in a hotel straight out of the 90's. This will meet your expectations.
1	Stayed for my bday..never again. The 800$ in so called savings coupons was a sham except for the free dinner. No real accomidations either, no fridge in room, no microwave and the elevators are a dam nightmare! Oh and about every 2 hours random hotel guests come knocking on your door looking for weed..."not my room stoner try the rappers next door"!, the convenient stores rapes you for basic needs like 5.50$ for a 2 liter of soda or 15$ for a half pint of well booze. Anything affordable is a mile and a half walk thru aholes and catwalks(walgreens/CVS). So take walking shoes and not heels ladies. Cheers!
1	I had to go to Vegas for an entire week for an IT conference, and this was the hotel that gave a discounted rate for staying there during the conference.  I work for the government, so we are basically required to take the "deal rate".  Anyway, I waited in line for about 30 minutes to even get checked in, and then the woman claimed my hotel stay was not "paid for up front", and that I needed to pay for it.  I provided a copy of the receipt and authorization showing it was paid for, but she still showed in the system it wasn't.  I told her, "How could I have a credit card authorization and a confirmation from this hotel showing it is paid for, if it hasn't been??"  She then went to talk to a manager...and came back over 20 minutes later.  I didn't get a "sorry" or "thanks for waiting", she just gave me my room key without saying anything.  My room was supposed to be non-smoking, but when I opened the door the smell of smoke was overwhelming!  The entire room smelled of smoke, including the bedding.  I realize all of Vegas is somewhat smoky since it's legal there to smoke in the casinos, but the sheets shouldn't smell like it if they wash them.  Yuck!Anyway, just when I thought it couldn't get any worse, I went to use the restroom and there were 3-4 pubic hairs stuck on the edge of the sink.  Blah!  Maybe it's time for better front desk service and a better cleaning staff..
4	I've stayed here twice and have had a great experience both times. Yes, it's outdated. It's a very old casino, but they could definitely revamp the place. The beds here are my favorite -nice and cushiony. The walls aren't too thin so I've rarely heard my neighbors. It's one if the cheapest places on the strip yet it's only an $11 cab rude to the north end if the strip. It's connected to Mandalay Bay which I love! So many restaurants and sights to be seen. We ate at a ton of places so my recommendations: Rice and company (Japanese cuisine) and T&Ts (Mexican cuisine). Both are a little pricey but they are worth it!I want to give a shout out to Alicia at the front desk. There was a very long check-in line and some guests were just brutal to the employees. Alicia was calm and collected and so sweet to us. She even upgraded me to a better room and a great area. Thanks Alicia!! You made our stay even better!
3	We stayed for two nights. All things considered it's a good deal if you get your room for less than $60...because it's a great and original place (if you stay in an pyramids room). However, the loud music in the pool area is really annoying as well that the hotel charges an extra resort fee of $20 each day (which hasn't been displayed before.)
5	The short version: So far, the Luxor hotel is my favorite Las Vegas resort. Splurge on a upgraded tower deluxe room. It is worth the additional fee as the rooms are newly renovated and beautiful with very comfortable beds, floor to ceiling windows (I had a view if the Oasis swimming pool), huge soaking tub and separate shower. It feels very Lux. The spa was also reasonably priced.The pool was family friendly, all ages were welcome. They did serve adult drinks though and music blared over the speakers, the overall vibe was very low key, they weren't catering to the party crowd while I was there which made it relaxing and a nice break from the craziness of the strip. Be prewarned though there is no shaded areas unless you reserve a cabana, I believe they are $100 for the afternoon. I am not much of a gambler, so I can't really speak to the games but there appeared to be many different slot matchines, not many tables. The casino lacked pesty time share sharks so that was refreshing as nobody likes to be harassed within their own hotel.Luxor also has many great food options, and if you book your hotel on Vegas.com you will likely get a cupon book with great deals to just about all of them including their steak house, and my personal favorite Blizz frozen yogurt!
3	Great budget hotel! Very clean hotel on the strip that is pet-free and has non-smoking rooms, which is great for those of us with allergies.
3	Stayed here for the opening weekend of March Madness this year. We stayed in the "Tower Deluxe" room. There were 3 guys in a 2 queen room with a rollaway. Our total for Wed-Sat 3 night stay was around $580 all in (after taxes and resort fees). So for under $200 a guy it was quite comfortable and less then we would have paid at other properties at the peak time of the NCAA tournament.The Good:-Nice bathroom that seemed relatively new-Good maid service, who did a great job cleaning up a room with 3 guys in it-In room safe was necessary to have and it worked well (fit my laptop)-"Wired" internet. For some with tablets they didn't have internet, but two of us had laptops with the plugin so it worked quite well. The ethernet cord can literally stretch across the room. It's probably 50 ft long. While a minus for some on reviews, I actually liked the internet being wired. Strong signal that worked well.-Spa access for $15/day was great. Nice smaller spa that had everything you wanted at it, including all the water/juice/fruit you could eat. That alone paid for itself (bottled water is $3 on property and its pretty small).-Across Las Vegas Boulevard was a Chase ATM and very cheap beer at a gas station. That was nice to have when walking down the strip.The Bad:-Staying in the Tower the elevators were away from everything. It was confusing when first getting my room key as to how the hell to get to my room. While it was nice to be away from the casino floor (unlike the pyramid rooms), it just seemed a little far away.-Friends that were staying mid-strip were either a 20 min walk away, or a $15 cab ride. The location is what it is, but if you plan on meeting others in the middle to north part of the strip then its simply not the place for you.-The casino is outdated as everyone else mentions in their review. It's a catch 22 for MGM. Do they pour money into a place that was built during "old vegas"? Or do they focus their efforts toward the middle-north part of the strip where the future is. The good news is Mandalay Bay next door is very nice and connected to the hotel, only about a 5 min walk away from the Luxor casino floor.Overall I would recommend staying here if the price is right and you are comfortable being away from the action at the very south end of the strip.
2	So, it was not my decision to stay at the Luxor. I went with a group of people and lost the vote on hotel options. With that in mind, let's get down to business.1) This hotel needs serious room updates in the pyramid rooms. New furniture, new wallpaper, new paint, new everything. The sheet and blankets were paper thin. I get that we're in a desert, but come on. Also, the lighting, or lack thereof, sucked. No good makeup light.2) The main cabinet smelled. "I didn't even wear these clothes, but I'm going to have to wash everything that was in this cabinet to get the smell out." -My husband3) We didn't get a code for the room internet, therefore, we basically had no internet. We couldn't get 3G/4G access in the room. Only option was to go downstairs to the lobby/casino for wireless. Still awful connections.4) MOLD! Yay! Saw it on the shower walls. Almost hard to detect since the shower tiles were an ugly shade of brown, but oh, it's there.5) Tiniest blow dryer, ever. Glad I brought my own.6) Dirty windows! I'm sure windows at the pyramid are a bitch to clean, but hey, if you decide to build slanty walls and have slanty windows, you need to figure out a best practice to keep them clean.7) Location! Location! Location....was the WORST. You basically have to walk through the Excalibur to leave the building. If you've been through the Excalibur, you know that's also a dump. Even when you escape the Excalibur, you're still far away from everything. We had to take a few cabs. I do enjoy walking to strip every now and then, but sometimes it can be a huge pain.8) So many "interesting" people. Great for people watching, bad for everything else.9) Asked for extra towels and pillows. Waited for awhile, but had to leave. Not sure if they ever came to the room.I can't speak for the pool area cause I never got to use it. I took a quick peek and it looked like a large space, but the lounge chairs definitely needed a power wash. The food was pretty good, but it's Vegas, so it's overpriced. We ate at the Cafe (understaffed and slow on a Sunday morning), the pub bar, and the Mexican restaurant (everyone seemed to enjoy their meals and drinks there). Besides all that, the casino was fine. Nothing special.Look, my husband and I only paid $176 for 4 days/3 nights (we shared a room with friends). So it's not like it was expensive. Just, don't be fooled by the decor. The Luxor looks cool from the outside, but it's something else on the inside.
4	For sure i will be coming back to this hotel i enjoyed my stay here, i love the fact that it was a separate shower and bath huge mirror as well as a blow dryer, a lot of closet space and drawers to hand and fold your clothes. the only reason i am not giving  5 stars is because we asked for a king size bed and we got to queen size instead. .as well as the view was the top of the building, the windows did not open and it was very stuffy to breath.
1	Resort fee 20.99 per night For wired internet access really ? Who uses wired internet this days This is ridiculous But pretty much all hotel do the same thing charge a resort fee for not having  nothing It doesn't even includes access to the spa On top of the $21 you have to pay $15 to use the spa I stood at the Cesar before and their spa is fabulous and I only paid $10 at the Rio no charge This is ridiculous I say
4	This was my first visit to Las Vegas, and I thought the Luxor was nice, but not perfect. First, the good: staff was helpful, my room in the tower was quiet and comfortable. The only time I heard my neighbor was when they rolled in at 2:00 am and decided to hold a loud debate in the hallway. Probably fuelled by alcohol. I liked how the Luxor was connected by walkways to other casinos such as the Excalibur, which made getting around easier. For the most part, the hotel was clean and well maintained. I didn't see any obvious signs of neglect such as burned-out light bulbs. They do have some very interesting displays all over the place, and everything looks nice.Now for the bad: my number one complaint was the prices of everything. I forgot my sunblock and the Luxor's shop wanted $17! For a little 3 ounce bottle of sunblock! I went to the gas station across the street and got one for "only" $7.99. Food there is ridiculously high priced. The good old days of cheap buffets in casinos are apparently gone for good. At the Luxor, dinner buffet was $22.99 (before tax) for one adult when I was there.  To be fair, it's like this in every casino, not just the Luxor. If you want reasonably priced food, your options are to walk a little down the street and get fruit and vegetables at the pharmacies, or find a junk food place like McDonald's or Pizza Hut. There are no refrigerators or microwaves in the rooms at the Luxor. Also, there is no laundry area, so if you are staying several days, you have to either haul dirty clothes back home with you, or travel around Las Vegas looking for a laundromat.Bottom line: the hotel is nice, relatively cheap to get into, it has a great location, it's comfortable and it looks very interesting inside and out. The problem is, once you're there, you'll find that everything you need, from food to sunblock to the mandatory resort fee is ridiculously high priced. I never noticed any odors or mold in my room, unlike what some other reviewers have posted. My room was very clean, I had no problems there. The only problem is that they also cleaned out my wallet with the prices of the add-ons.
1	Over priced, far away from everything, you have to connect through the internet on a wire through the wall.
2	The Luxor is a dump.  Outdated room.  Resort fee of $20 a day.  No wireless in the rooms.  The bed and pillows were uncomfortable.  There was an unpleasant smell in portions of the hotel.  i would never stay here again.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because of the lady who checked me in.  She was great.  Friendly and helpful.  This place may be ok if you are with a bunch of lads for a weekend and all you need is a place to crash a couple of hours a day but for anyone with a family, travelling for business or over the agre of 30, its rubbish.
1	This is my third time in Las Vegas and I choose the Luxor to stay at because it looked fun and enticing. At check-in we paid a 20 dollar a day resort fee, it wasn't a problem until we realized that you don't get much for the fee. On my last two stays I stayed at the tropicana and should have stayed there on this stay. The Luxor hotel is run down and not taking care of. The windows in our room were dirty through out our stay. The resort fee included wired internet services really I didn't know that still existed. The wi-if they offered was only for 48 hours and only worked in certain parts of the hotel. The towels were hard and cheap. The only good thing about our room was the bed and the pillows. On our first night here we decided to eat at the MORE buffet BIG disappointment. The  food was the same for lunch and dinner and it wasn't a  wide variety of selections. The next time I come to Vegas I will stick with what I know and stay at the tropicana. Very very disappointed....
1	8:15 am. Friday the 25th of may. U wake up after just going to bed at 6am.  Your girl... You and yes a third party. But wait its not one of them hot girls u see walking thru vegas wearing tight skirts they squeezed so into they can hardly breathe. It's Connie the cockroach. Yes I read it on yelp and now I've seen it myself. Coincidence?bed bugs? Who knows , but I itch!! It's probably all in my head. I tried to take a pic of her but Connie ran for the hills. She was a petite one so she scrambled fast. This place use to be really cool , now it seems it's slacking. Pay the extra money. Go somewhere else. I mean after seeing Connie I wanna go home. I'll be here til Sunday. Grandma please take me home.
4	You can't feel the elevators moving sidewards when inebriated!However, when you're sober, its trippy because you feel the elevators move up and side.  Oh and their beds and pillows are AMAZEBALLS!!!! No matter how late in the night, or afternoon ... I would just lay on the bed and sleep like a baby. I wouldn't wake up with no cramps either.. especially with me laying down in awkward positions due to a late night of drinking. I would wake up refreshed and ready to party again!  I took the pillow cases off and got the name of the pillow and ordered some when I got back home....Sobel Westex Sahara Nights if you're interested.The staff were always helpful and friendly.  I walked around the hotel by myself mostly.... and there was always someone to help you. Except................for those irritating ones that try to get you to buy a timeshare. I LOVE messing with them!  They like to stop you and ask, "are you planning on coming back next year?"  That's when I respond, "heck no! I hate this place!" hahaahhaha No, I really did enjoy my stay at the Luxor.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to stay on the strip.  It's a bit away from the crowded part of the strip, but still close enough to walk to.  If I won, I'd probably would have put 5 stars hahaha j/k  I put 4 stars instead of 5 because this is more of a casual resort type..... not as fancy as the other ones.. but I LOVE LOVE LOVE their beds and pillows!!!
4	Maybe I'm easily impressed, but after 20+ years and 15+ visits to Vegas, I'm still impressed by the pyramid hotel/casino with the huge, hollow interior.Nothing else about this place really stands out. But, FFS, it's a giant pyramid made of glass and steel in the middle of the Mojave Desert. What else do you want? Dancing T-Rex's inside?
1	Imagine a huge pyramid with no working toilet. This is the case with Luxor.Luxor is slowly falling apart from the inside and has the worst infrastructure I have seen in years. This was my first trip to Las Vegas and with Las Vegas hotels. I got a fantastic deal from Expedia from Saturday night at December 28, 2013 to Monday Dec 30, 2013 for 2 nights. I have never visited Las Vegas so I was just going by the reviews and hoping for the best. Very Disappointed.Here are the things a normal 2 star hotel like, say, Comfort Inn has over overpriced Luxor.Free Wifi Free BreakfastClean Bathrooms - we found hair and condoms on the floor...really....Proper Outlets - The plugs keep falling out of the outlets. We could not charge the iPhones because their outlet system was ancient and we literally could not plug in the chargers since the connection was too loose. We had only one proper outlet and for the others, we had to literally HOLD the charger close to the port. Can you imagine a Comfort Inn without a proper outlet?Proper Wired Internet -  Our Wired Internet (for which we paid our resort fee)  did not work because of the room's ancient infrastructure. The man from the front office who had to fix this issue just peace'd out on us because it was late. We spent over 3 hours with his man. 3 hours we could have spent exploring Las Vegas.The food for which we were given discounts for was overpriced.Our Last Day in Vegas, we shifted to a 2 star hotel. It was nothing much but it had all these things and it was much more satisfying. Recommendation: Don't. A star exterior with a D star interior.
1	So I just sat at slot machine for one hour, trying to get a drink after putting in 200 dollars, that never happened.  Then I went to one of the bars and watched two three bar tenders talk to one another telling stories, looked at me several times. I asked for a drink and was told that it would cost me 13.00 for a Jack an Coke. I asked them how one could get a drink on the floor and figured that the two hundred I had just spent warranted a drink. There answer to me was, " The drink ladies don't work at their bar. Wow, that is really great customer service. Yesterday I wanted to rent a Cabana, but I wanted to make sure that we had food for the day. The staff said that the snack bar would be open at 11 a.m., but not to worry as I'd have my own server. I was told I'd have to be there by 0900 or i would lose the Cabana, so i promptly arrived as told. I went to the Cabana and around 1000 I was hungry and wanted to eat. The waitress came by and told me that no food would be served until 11:00 a.m. Let me also say that there was also a sign at the entry that stated "No food or drink from the outside was allowed". I bit my lip until the following occurred. Finally 11:00 arrived, I ordered two sandwiches for my GF and myself. Twenty five minutes later the food server came back to tell us that the snack bar had no meat, lettuce, tomatoes. She was so embarrassed to tell me this information. I told her that I wanted to speak to a manager, twenty minutes later a manager arrived and I told her all of my complaints and concerns. Her answer to my concerns was she would comp my lunch. I told her that I could care less about my lunch being comped, I was hoping to hear that she would take care of the problem........I could go on and on about the Luxor. The employees or the one's that i met only cared about one thing, that they had a job and got paid on payday.  This is my first and last time at the Luxor and hope that others will read this.
4	The pyramid rooms are pretty cool, if you like the sloped ceiling. What I like are the elevators going up to those rooms as they go up on a slant.  I like that it's also connected to Mandalay Bay.  The shops that are in between the two hotels are pretty cool and you can find some decent food there.Rooms themselves were just OK. Nothing special.
5	Just received exceptional customer service from the Luxor! I called in to make a late reservation and was promptly put in contact with someone who could help me. I had missed the window with group booking, but after a bit of work was so pleased to hear they found a room for me and a coworker at a very reasonable rate. They could have very easily made the booking difficult and expensive for me, but instead went out of their way to help me out. Thank you Luxor!
3	The hotel is cool. You're staying in a pyramid and the decor is all pretty authentic looking Egyptian styles. But the service is lacking. The reservation desk changed the room from a two bed suite to a single bed and we had five people staying in the room so we had to have them sleep on the floor. They wouldn't even bring in a roll away bed because they said it was against code. Then they overcharge for evrything including the food and drinks that are cheaper elsewhere in Vegas. While the hotel is nice to look at, there are better hotels to choose from for the same price.
1	Terrible. Just terrible. It took us over an hour to check in. We had to order a fridge for an extra $25/day. They "didn't get our order" but they certainly got our money. The shower head was broken. There was no coffee maker. A hotel room without a coffee maker??!! Who would've thought? We stayed from Sunday night through Friday morning and their fire alarm went off on Monday night, Tuesday night and Wednesday night between the hours of 12am and 3am.  Bad, bad, bad!
1	This place makes a holiday inn express look like a five star hotel. After waiting half an hour on the check-in line and then figuring out their extremely complicated elevator system, the first "non-smoking" room I checked into had an air conditioner that sounded like a jackhammer while the timid was humid and smelled of a combination of cigarettes and mildew. It took me another half hour to get back to the lobby and get a new room and the second room was not much better in smell and came with some nice stains on the bed sheets and pillows (see the uploaded pictures). I am too scared to search on the bed bug registry website because I have a feeling I don't want to know. This place is so outdated I think the only solution is to bring the pyramid down and start from scratch..
1	Just stayed there on April 25 and I was not happy at all.  I paid a pretty penny for a room for one night during, what they considered, spring break.  I was offered either a room on the 5th floor or a room on the 4th floor.  When I asked if I could get one higher up to avoid the noise of the casino, I was only offered a room on the 4th floor and told it would be away from the casino noise.  NOT.  We heard the 24/7 blaring music all night.  The room was mediocre -- no coffee maker in the room (which meant in the morning I had to get dressed and hide myself behind sunglasses and hat to venture out to hit the Starbucks in the hotel lobby), there is no make-up mirror, no toilet paper roll holder, and the pillows were thick rocks.  My neck finally feels better today -- 7 days later.  The casino is fine and the restaurants look good, however, we never got into the Mexican restaurant.  We put on our names down for 2 people and waited over 15 minutes as they ignored us even though they had countless 4 tops empty.  We ended up walking away.  If you don't want our business, we'll take it someplace else and that's what we did.  We had a great dinner at the Monte Carlo.  I would never stay at the Luxor again.
3	Right the Luxor...We went to see the Bodies Exhibit at the Luxor. Normally the tickets are $29 for locals, $22 if you find a coupon, $11 if you have a hook-up. For out-of-towners a whopping $35 smackers UUGGHHHH... That's a bit much I think.The exhibit itself was pretty fantastic really. I think they have done a great job, and I was impressed. I would not recommend this exhibit for the very young, or anyone that might be offended by a graphic exhibit of the human body and all of it's parts.OK the Luxor itself is an interesting property. The light beaming out the top into the sky visible from the moon, is pretty cool for sure. The elevators do not go up and down they go sideways and up (Inclinators) and they have a great Mexican restaurant as well (T&T). I don't think I would care to stay in a tomb, but heck that's just me.
5	Last minute trip and my gf tried 16 different hotels!?!? All either booked or couldn't accommodate us for the whole trip! WTF. There happened to be a big event that we weren't aware of that weekend. The last place she tried was the Luxor. She first was told that all promo's were blocked then the person spoke with her manager and said we could have 3 nights FREE!! Checking in with Ronnie at the front desk was a pleasant experience. She started the process then left to go into an office, came back out and said she could upgrade us to a suite!! We enjoyed the suite and our stay. Would've liked to try their steakhouse but not enough time on this trip, hopefully next time!
1	I wish I didn't have to give this hotel a star because I wouldnt! My birthday weekend was completely ruined by this hotel on two different occasions. The first was when my car was damaged while in the care of the luxor! Valet brought my car to me after being Parked in the hotel for two days and there was noticeable damage! After I put in a claim, the hotel told me they could not do anything for me to fix my car! Upon checking out I realized I left my wallet in my room, I immediately went back and it was gone! The last person in my room was the bell hop. After two hours of putting up a fuss about my belongings being taken because I couldn't get home due to the fact that my money and ID were in my wallet, the bell hop finally gave it back. How could you steal from a guest?! This hotel has been BY FAR the worst hotel ive stayed at in Vegas! They didnt even try to compensate me for either incident. I will NEVER stay here again! Aside from the incidents the entire staff were rude and not friendly at all. I would NOT recommend staying at this hotel.
4	If your looking for a hotel that is not over crowded! Your looking for the right place! I have been to the Luxor 3 times and going back in a week, and I enjoy the staff members! Only reason why it is missing a star is because sometimes it takes the room service a little longer than expected to bring fresh towels, it took the house keepers almost 3 hrs to being our towels up... Also the room that we got was not finished cleaned up and it was a mess. I didn't expect anything like this to happen but there were socks and hair in the drain. But the other 2 times we were there the stay was awesome!!!:]
1	They lost my valet keys....and I found them!!First off the keys never worked and the supervisor was not trying to listen to us. He blamed everything on us!! On the last day they spent an hour looking for our keys in the valet office. I went up to the desk asking WTF is going on, and when they said they could not find it I looked to the right and saw them in another box CLEAR AS DAY!! They will never see another penny out of me!
1	Worst hotel of the chain. Bad customer service. Tiny suites unless you are staying in the towers. I've been a loyal customer for years and unfortunately recommended it to business partners. I can say I will no longer stay at Luxor in the future. Pay extra and stay at a respectable establishment. Hope this helps.
4	I booked a room here--day of--for $43 plus tax and $20 resort fee (which is also taxed! Boooo, Vegas!). So the room ended being about $70 for two queen beds. My high rating isn't to say that this is the best, or (certainly) the classiest hotel ever, but for the price, it was a great experience.The staff was friendly and accommodating: I had to leave right after check-in so a friend waited for me in his car downstairs as I sorted that out and ran up to my room to get changed. The security guy downstairs gave him no hassle and let him pull into a clearly marked No Parking zone for as long as it took, despite the fact that they were busy. The front desk clerk was great at check-in, as was the clerk at check-out. In fact, every employee I encountered had a great attitude, a sense of humor and did their work with a smile. The front desk also gladly offered me a late checkout when I called down about checkout times.I flew out the next evening and the bell desk safely held my luggage at no charge for the several hours I had to kill before leaving for the airport. They want you to stick around and spend money, of course, but it's still very nice. The room itself was nothing to write home about, but it was clean, comfortable, well-maintained and quiet (except for the faint, ever present  din of the casino coming from the atrium outside the door) and that's plenty good for me.They do somehow manage to pack a seemingly impossible volume of unhip shows into their hotel/casino, which I actually found charming in a strange way, but I'm kind of a messed up dude. I mean, where else can you find Criss Angel, Carrot Top, Menopause (The Musical!) and "JABBAWOCKEEZ" all under one roof? Nowhere. Because, well, they're all at the Luxor and...Jesus, why!? Don't get me wrong: I like Carrot Top. People bag on the poor guy, but he was great as the secret guest commentary on the "Rules Of Attraction" DVD and his Reno 911 appearance was priceless. I'll bet he puts on a damn good show too and maybe I'll even go see it next time and get a picture with him after.I also took a dip in the pool, which was fine, except it seemed to be 3 1/2 feet deep everywhere. I walked over to the pool next to it that appeared to actually be made for adults and there was only one person there sitting on the edge dangling their feet in it. Then I noticed the signs declaring that it was an extra fee to use this pool which I thought was incredibly lame. For that, I'm taking a star off. Otherwise, my stay was pretty much everything you could ask for the price. I'd definitely stay again for a similar price.
4	Ahh Luxor. You and I have had some great times together.I have stayed at the Luxor once before in my younger years and I thoroughly enjoyed it and a lot of my long-lasting Vegas memories are here.During our most recent trip to Vegas we did visit the Luxor again. Not to stay but explored everything within to make all those memories come rushing back. Took an elevator up to the room floors to see out onto the concourse (a must do for anyone visiting)We visited, and yes, deposited some money into the casino which is nicely tucked underneath the exciting main floor that the rooms overlook. The waitresses in the Luxor are great to serve drinks while playing. They have plenty of fun games to lose your cash to and did we ever.We also came to eat breakfast at "More" the buffet at Luxor with another two for one pass from MyVegas and the MLife app they have created. (That review to follow)But my girlfriend and I agree, Luxor is and probably always will be one of the most exciting looking buildings in Las Vegas.
5	this hotel is great
3	Enjoyed our stay at the Luxor even though it's at the end of the strip. It connects to Mandalay Bay on the second floor and Excalibur on the first floor. You can also take the tram between these hotels. The food court on the second floor is open pretty late. There are two Starbucks inside Luxor. Rooms were nice and spacious. Pool is nice and wasn't too crowded. If you're riding the Deuce bus, the stop is right in front of the hotel. You will have to cross the street to the Deuce bus stop if you're heading to the North end of the strip.
4	Stayed here for 4 nights, 5-11 thru 0505-14-14Booked a suite so we were in one of the towers. the room was very nice, clean, huge, the bathroom was very nice also. Only con about this hotel is it doesn't have in room wifi...but it is one of the older hotels so maybe that's whyThe staff was friendly and helpful, the restaurants are pretty good, it just seems as if the place is lacking compared to some of the newer hotels. Plus it is at one end of the strip so plan on long walks if you want to see things, although you can take the tram or the monorail which are located close by. Plus you can walk to both Manadalay Bay and Excaliber thru attached walkways if you wish. Room prices are good, cheaper than most so that helps. I will consider staying here on my next tripThe pyramid shape is kinda cool, the old gal just seems to be showing her age. need to spend some money cleaning up and upgrading is all....of course then prices will go up.
5	We stayed three nights here and we had nothing but good experiences. The hotel is nice and clean.  The maids always did a good job keeping our room organized without moving our belongings out of place and nothing was tampered with. We had three complimentary nights so we stayed for free but it is an affordable place.
2	The AC was enough to cool off the room and it was "operating fine" the handset on the phone didn't work either.  It took 45 mins to check in, and very impersonal.  No fridge in room, staff coming in room multiple times even with do not disturb sign on door handle. 1980's carpet smells horrible. Pool side snack bar didn't open until 1130.  2 star hotel IMO
3	I stayed here on business. If my job could have given me the selection then it wouldn't be this hotel. The first room that I got was on the 2nd floor pyramid deluxe. The TV had static lines going in front of the screen. The room smelled differently. I asked for another room. I was assigned the 16th floor. If you don't like roller coasters or wild shaking rides, don't stay on the higher floors of pyramid deluxe. There were 2 couples with me going up. One couple says "is this elevator ok" because you can see the walls shaking and rattling while going up. The other couple states "That is normal". I took the elevator straight down and I went to the checkin area. The lady felt sorry for me and gave me a pyramid suite on the 1st floor.  I am giving this a 3 star for the excellent service give to me by the vip checkin staff. However, this is not a typical hotel for me to stay in.
4	Is this the Ritz Carlton? No. Will your bathroom come with mini pyramid shaped soap? Yes. The Luxor is consistently $25-50 cheaper than the places I normally stay at (Mirage or MGM), so I wasn't expecting that quality. But for the price, the value is there. With easy access (connected) to Mandalay Bay and the Excalibur, this is an excellent Vegas HUB.
2	We arrived Wednesday and left Saturday before this Memorial day weekend.  The last time we went we got upgraded to a King pyramid suite for free so I asked about upgrade options this time.  Paid upgrades were the only options this time, so I paid for an upgrade for 1 of my 2 rooms, so my guests could experience the same suite we had 2 years ago.  Our front desk representative made it seem as though the suite we were getting was in a really great location at the very top of the pyramid on the 30th floor. When we opened the door to the room, we were greeted with a pungent smell that was a cross between pickle juice and a solvent (weird, I know!), the Jacuzzi (not a Jacuzzi) tub was peeling on the bottom and the access panel to the tub was broken and hanging open. I cut my finger on the panel trying to close it. The suite was also smaller with half of a living area and not much larger than a regular room.    I called to complain and they did assign us to a different room that, again, was in a better location and a larger suite.  We were told to wait for someone to come up to bring us new keys.  Two phone calls and about 20 minutes later the bell hop called and asked us to just come down to the desk because the room we were in was "out of the way" from our new room.  So we went down and got our new key, picked up our own bags and went to our new room.  Besides the smell of the food court that was very strong on the hall, the room was better on the 11th floor but we were still disappointed after wasting all that time. Overall, the rooms are showing their age, but I guess that's what you should expect for the money.  They were clean place to sleep, but if you are going for quality, convenience and a cool pool, pay more and stay somewhere in the middle of the strip.
1	You get what you pay for... A room in this hotel is pretty cheap compared to other hotels in the strip. But Luxor is a nightmare! Room service is lacking, and the hotel housekeeping is just terrible. I'm one of those people who get paranoid whether or not the room has been cleaned properly. It doesn't matter if I'm in Vegas and will spend no more than 5 hours in my room. I still want the bedroom to be clean! I understand they have over 1300 rooms, but please clean up well after other guests. Having leftovers from previous guests is disgusting. There was hair in the bathroom from previous guests. Gross! I tried to plug in my phone next to the bed, as I moved the night stand there was trash and candy wrap behind the night stand! Ew! I was just imagining all kinds of bugs crawling on that dirty dark carpet. I was scared to leave my suitcase open on the floor and to walk barefoot in the bedroom. It looks nice on the outside but the interior is just a disaster!
5	Where do I start we were really dreading coming here as there was lots of bad comments, bt I was well impressed rooms were clean and nice hotel spot on nice friendly staff I would defo come back :)
5	This was our second time staying at the Luxor, both times in the pyramid.  We found the rooms clean and maid service was good.  The rooms are starting look a bit run down, but with how many people come and go through Vegas it's to be expected - we've found the same with most hotels we've stayed at  (this was our 7th trip since 2008).  We love the Luxor, the casino Is small with easy access to the strip and of course Fat Tuesday's!  We also love that they now have THREE Starbucks locations - big bonus for us Coffee loving West Coast Canadians!!  We'll definitely stay again!!
2	This is my third time at the Luxor.  The public areas, pools, and staff are fine but the rooms are very dated and poorly maintained.  The elevators are sketchy and while the prices are $25-40 lower than others on the strip, there is no Wi-Fi and restaurants are sub par.
3	We just got back from staying in the Luxor over the Memorial Day weekend.   My first trip to Vegas and my birthday.  We booked a tower suite because we wanted a little extra room (& because the husband snores).  Overall,  a decent hotel, but nothing spectacular.   The bathroom smelled like a sewer,  so we had to keep the door closed if we were in the bedroom.   Also,  there was no jetted tub as decribed in the room description and shown in the pictures. I will say also that the pool was useless.   There are three pools,  but only one was open to "regular" guests.   You had to shell out extra $ to use one of the other pools.   That was disappointing consider the amount of people crammed into the small section. The power also went out one night so they weren't letting anyone into their rooms on the West Tower. The Jabbawakeez show was INCREDIBLE!  A must see and it's on the upper level.  This was the hotels only saving factor. If I do go back to Vegas,  I will definitely not stay in the Luxor again,  sorry to say.  I was so excited to go and stay there
1	Just checked out, I booked the premier luxury suite 3 months in advance.  I liked at the floor plan and size before booking.  When I arrived the check in was very fast.  When I got to the room, it was smaller without the extra bathroom and extra sofa.  I came here with my 2 daughters 10,13.  I front desk and they apologize but there's no other premier suite and will send a roll away up no charge.  Lies!  They never sent up a roll away.  They were supposed to change my room the next day but still nothing.  I talked to a manager and he tells me there's a big premier and small premier suite. I asked him to show it to me on luxor booking site.  No where to be found. ... they finally removed 2 night roll away charge $32 a night.  I'll never come back here
1	Yeah this place is just a not up to Vegas snuff.I really wanted to like it, but when you pay 250 a night to have a view of a concrete wall and then AC units with cig butts yeah.... then you know you get your money worth. I think that the luxor really needs to put the money in to redo it and also have a better checkin and check out system it takes far to long. Just not worth it, I think it is overpriced and outdated. With all the other options on the strip they really need to up their game.
3	It's an ageing hotel on the outskirts of the strip. You're getting the Vegas experience for somewhat cheap.You can see the hotel's age in the little ways, cracks, worn off letters, loud pipes, etc.Book a tower room if possible, they're three years newer.It's a perfectly acceptable/clean place to sleep on the whole.
1	Not up to snuff. I stayed at Luxor a few times. Used to be one of my favorite hotels in vegas. Not anymore! :(Pros: - Fairly large shower - comfortable bed- many dining options- Starbucks inside hotel - Starbucks!!Cons:- Dirty rooms - even after it has been 'cleaned' (HUGE deal for me - primary reason for bad review) - in fact, my friend's room had dirty towels and used bandaids!!!! on the floor when she checked in  what the ????!!@!!- older AC not strong enough for desert temps- Pillows too big, high? - don't know how to describe them, but they made my neck hurt!- my friend got a 'deluxe' room - umm it was literally a handicap room =/  nothing deluxe about it- staff selling timeshares were waaaaay too pushy- Many other hotels a lot more luxurious and updated in the same price range to choose this older hotelyeah, i'll pay the little extra to stay in the much more luxurious Mandalay Bay, thank you very much.  =/ :(
1	Do not come here. A million hidden fees. I had to pay to RECIEVE a package that was sent to me. Ridiculous.
5	I loved staying at the Luxor!  I stayed for 3 nights.  The Luxor is one of the better budge t hotels on the strip.  The room was spacious and clean.  I know it sounds weird but the Luxor smelled great!  The lobby, the casino the room all had the same smell and I loved it.  This hotel is pretty tame compared to some of the others.  I greatly enjoyed the Chill atmosphere.  You can walk to Mandalay Bay and Excalabor without leaving the building which is nice.  They offer dining options for everyones needs (nice, upscale dining and food court style dining).  The staff could not have been nicer!  Everyone was so very helpful.  They even offered airport check in at the hotel.   I was able to check my bags at the hotel and not see them again until I arrived back in Phoenix.It's not the Aria, Wynn or Cosmo but for the price point and give the fact that the Luxor is one of the older hotels on the strip.  .it is A+I recommend staying the East Tower.  It's quieter than the pyramid, and a little newer.
3	Can't complain, too much. Stayed here two nights.We had a pyramid suite.  It was quiet and well kept as far as I could tell.  Minus the dirty glass on the deck of the soaking tub...Huge Sidenote:**I am not a gambler.  We did our fair share of poking our heads into other casinos: Excalibur and Mandalay Bay are on either side of Luxor , we also stopped into Caesars Palace.  We were only staying for two nights, which was more than enough time to get the feel of the Strip (meh...)**Excalibur's lobby/casino looked like a glammed up Knights Inn--super goofy/campy/goth/dark**Mandalay Bay had a great restaurant that we had lunch at (Border Grill) BUT the entire casino/lobby/shopping area SMELLED like someone farted, lit a cigarette and then sprayed Coconut body spray to cover it up!!! How nasty is that?????-Anyway, unlike Mandalay, Luxor smelled like heaven.  I got very little ashtray funk walking through and whilst playing penny slots   -Staff members were incredibly helpful/friendly-Prices were your usual inflated ridiculousness for one of the world's largest tourist traps  -Who cares if there are three-thousand Starbucks in the lobby/casino.  I am not paying $5 for a tall anything
2	Rooms definite in need of upgrade.  It's old and very dated.  Things are falling apart and I was in the Tower.  It's construction gut time.  Staff has a "your here because it's cheap" attitude.  Check in process, casino floor staff, drink servers and housekeeping all have it.  I made the mistake of the buffet one morning.  That was a wasted experience.  Food was at least hot.  Bland but hot.  But it was the service attitude that ruined it for me before I even sat down.
1	Oh my god. Still waiting in line to check in over an hour later. This is a joke, right? Thank you Luxor management.
3	The personnel were great. They were very friendly and accommodating. Our room however was not very kept up. The sink drain leaked, the wardrobe cabinet had a stripped knob, the center light didn't work, the tv had no high definition, the wired internet was not free and the elevators were limited on the higher floors so you had to walk quite a ways. The self park was also quite a distance. You would think a place that freely takes your money would have a more updated environment. The restaurants were over priced, and the food wasn't that great. We tried the buffet at the Rio and it was much better (the seafood buffet) than at the Luxor.
5	It is a great hotel for the price!  It's quiet on the room floors with great showers and comfy beds.  It's much better than other hotels in the strip fire the same price.
2	Arrived Monday,  quick check in and then we got up to our standard room.  After settling in I went to turn the TV on and it wouldn't come on,  I diagnosed the problem to an unplugged cord.  As I went to plug it in I spotted two syringes laying behind the center,  the wife called the front desk to inform them and they moved us to a suite room.  Suite room was much nicer and we had no issues with the room except during the heat of the day the a/c couldn't keep up.  Will say several times the door lock acted up but once I informed the front desk they repaired it.  Internet,  I could never get the network to go,  so why charge a fee for something that doesn't work?  Irritating! We were without our kids on this trip and I don't think I'd bring them here as I think they'd get bored as there isn't much here to keep their attention.
4	For all the tough reviews on the Luxor, I was pleasantly surprised. I thought the hotel was quite nice inside the lobby. Gaming machines are the same everywhere and the food is always going to be mediocre at a Casino. The room I was in was a Pyramid Suite and it was very large, especially for the rate. The hot tub was nice. The bed was comfortable. There was a good size fridge in the second sitting room. The bathroom was also bit, but you needed to have arms the length of a gorilla to reach the toilet paper, which was really my only complaint. They need to get WiFi.
3	Booked two rooms for my mom and aunt. The rooms were fine, staff was bad and  good. We had one big problem with the reservation, which left a sour taste in my mouth. I had the call recorded and that saved my mom the extra sixty seven dollars.  Besides that I can't say too much positive, as the hotel needs some upgrades, and the buffet was not provided as promised. Finally the pool was filthy. I like the RIO pool way better. The Luxor needs work, as does the staff, and wait to check in.
4	Took another trip to good old Las Vegas. What can I say it's my fav getaway spot and it's an hour flight. Too easy. Anywho review time. This time I stayed at The Luxor which was a long time coming because I love Egyptian things and the theme is my favorite one there. Based on some of the reviews I saw I did not know what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised by my experience. Despite it being one of the older places on the strip I still enjoyed it very much. Time to break it down. Check in: I arrived in Vegas about 5:00 so the line to check in was very long since it is a popular time to check in. I thought I would be standing there forever but it moved very quickly because they had plenty of people working to accommodate the line so that was a plus.  I originally booked a standard pyramid room but upon check in the guy checking me in upgraded me to a room in the east tower for free so of course I took it. He asked me if a room on the 13th floor was ok just in case I was superstitious or something and I am not so it was ok. I thought it was nice for him to think of that and ask though. He was very polite and he checked me in quickly. I was happy with that process. The Room: I stayed in room 13307 and honestly it was a pretty standard room but it was a nice room. They stayed true to the theme which I like. That's part of the fun for me., The bed was very very comfortable. Huge fluffy pillows which I love and the sheets were very soft. The bathroom was a very nice size and it had a separate tub and shower which was cool. The water temp and pressure in the shower was good. No complaints there. . It was pretty hot there so I used the AC alot and it worked great. In fact at times I had to turn it down or off because the room got so cold. Overall I enjoyed the room very much and was pleased with what I got. Customer Service:I ordered room service on the first night because I was beat and I got that quickly but the food was just ok though. It was the steak sandwich with some coleslaw. The coleslaw was nasty and the sandwich was so so but I was so hungry and tired I just ate it and went to sleep. Before  could order room service I noticed my room did not have a menu so I called the front desk and they sent one up promptly. The customer service I received at the hotel when I needed it was good. The Pool:I was not too impressed with the pool. They have two pools but one you have to pay to be in and there was like two people in that one. But the free pool was so crowded and there was barely anywhere to put my stuff I almost should've went to the paid area, The water was pretty cold but once you got used to it it was not so bad. I did not stay very long. Casino:The casino was like any other. Very easy to get lost in this place but fun nonetheless. I played alot of blackjack and for the most part the dealers were cool. There was one that pissed me alot though. She tried to say I asked for another card when I didn't and had the nerve to yell and raise her voice to me. I would not budge and they ended up taking my side. I loved the part where she said they could review the cameras if they needed to and I told her to bring it. I said yes let's review the cameras so they can see that I put my hand forehead and did not put my hand anywhere near the table to signal that I wanted another card. I knew what I did and I knew I was right so bring it. I loved how the cameras were no longer something she used to threaten me after that.  I just find it unbelievable that she spoke to me that way and would not own up to her mistake. Then when the relief came to the table she starts talking shit to about me to her in Vietnamese thinking that I don't understand what she is saying, By the way she was staring and the hand gestures toward me she was making I could figure it out. She was very very rude and should learn that when someone puts their hand on their forehead that does not mean "hit me" She needs to get another job that does not involve people. Other than that moron I had a great time in the casino. One rotten apple did not spoil the bunch for me. Only regret is I did not get her name and make a formal complaint. Other:There are alot of restaurants and plenty of stores to get the little things you need throughout the casino. There is a food court up stairs if you are looking for something fast, cheap and easy. There are two little convenient stores called Essentials and 24/7 that are open 24 hours for your convenience if you need anything. They have Starbucks as well. So basically anything quick and extra you might need is at your finger tips here which is great. They also have alot of shopping here as well if you want to get gifts or souvenirs. Overall I really enjoyed my stay here. The price is great and I just like this hotel and I will definitely be staying here again once I get through my list of places I want to stay. If you are looking for a good room for an inexpensive price then stop by her
1	I stayed 3 nights at the Luxor with my wife and 8 year old son. We drove up from Laughlin, so arrived at check in at 1 PM. Check in is a 3PM. It was Wednesday, so I figured there would be a room available, and there was. But the Luxor's policy is you must wait until 3PM, or pay $20 to enter room early. Paying for late check out I can certainly understand and have paid in the past, but I have never had a hotel charge to enter an otherwise vacant room a couple hours early in the afternoon. We paid the $20, no big deal. We went into the room and found the internet was a 20 foot long crinkly wire that came out from behind the TV. No wireless internet. I had not seen a wired internet since my last hotel stay in a 3rd world country. Luckily I had my trusty laptop, but our Ipad was useless except for our 8 year old being able to play a game. The flat screen TV was inside a closet with large doors that opened outward only 90 degrees. Which means you must sit directly in front of the TV to watch it, or the doors are in the way. Why not just remove the doors?As others have mentioned, there were pubic hairs on the bathroom floor. Perhaps the cleaning staff keep a jar of them to sprinkle around for ambiance, I don't know. There was also some kind of yellow chunky stuff stuck to the wall next to the toilet. My wife brought our 8 year old son to the pool. About 108 degrees outside. You want shade? Another $20. The room itself is inexpensive, so no big deal.Worst experience was when my wife brought our son back to the room from the pool. Her key would not work. She called me to come to the room and try my key instead of going downstairs with our son and waiting in the check in line for a new key. I was eating at the Excalibur and had just received my food. I told her to keep trying and I would hurry eating and be there as soon as I could. I ate fast and went to the room. Pretty long walk. When I got to the room, my key would not work either. We went back down to the long check in line in the lobby. We waited in line again and at the counter we talked to  a receptionist who was apparently having a bad day. She told us the keys would not work because we had mishandled them and thus demagnetized them  She strongly suggested we should have known better and had we not been so careless with our keys, we would not have suffered this inconvenience. When I asked her if it was then all our fault, she said she would not talk to me anymore since the room was reserved in my wife's name. She then asked me "Who are you to this woman? Are you even with her? I'm not talking to you." Maybe she thought my wife had just met me on the Strip.We then asked to speak to a manager. We were directed to the front desk manager on duty at that time. The manager was very polite and apologetic. We got our keys straightened out and had no more key problems. She even comped us $50 to use at the buffet.I would have given the Luxor one more star had the first receptionist not been so rude and surly. The Luxor was the least expensive hotel on the Strip when we checked. But next time I will spend a little more and hopefully get a better hotel.
2	I stayed here last weekend with a few friends. It was for a bachelor party, we got a suite and the adjoining room in the East tower. -NO WIFI! None. Unless you're in the main lobby, there is zero WiFi in The Luxor. -Suite bedroom AC was busted making it literally too hot to sleep in. The staff changed our room which was kind of them. -All furniture felt it was one heavy sneeze away from breaking. -TV's were old and showed static-y channels. -Several beaten up things around the hotel: broken elevator buttons, cracked glassware, rickety elevators, stains on walls, broken door locks, etc. -Located on the South end of the strip. If you feels like leaving that area, it's a pain. -Seriously rude valet service. I have stayed at worse places, but barely. The Luxor is no longer the pinnacle it used to be, and refuses to advance like many other hotel / casinos around it. For the price you're paying, go for the Mid-North (near Treasure Island) part of the strip; same rates,  closer to popular areas, and in better shape. The only reason this didn't get a 1 star is because the main staff were very helpful and courteous.
3	I was between a 3 and 4 star review here. Location in South Strip is pretty nice-- everything is pretty walkable. I haven't stayed at Luxor since I was a kid, so I didn't remember much of how the rooms were. We only ended up with a room on the 4th floor with a poolside view. The beds were very comfortable and clean. The people with me complained that the pillows were too big so they ended up not using them. They were fine to me!Room itself was just a bit loud. They had the window cleaners working at around 7-8am (which is too early for Vegas!) and the ropes kept hitting the window, so it woke us all up. Additionally, the music from the pool traveled up so we could hear it on the 4th floor. Overall, I think the room was pretty spacious, but I don't think they did an amazing job of cleaning since some trash we accidentally left on the floor remained there after the cleaning. Room ended up being around $60/night for 2 queen beds, so for 2 nights, we each only paid $30. No wifi (free wifi for guests in public areas). Not the most glamorous hotel, but I would say it's of great value.
1	Not 5 seconds after stepping into the Luxor, we had what seemed to be an extremely helpful lady come to us and ask if we needed help. She ushered us over to a counter where another lady began hammering us with an offer to stay free for a number of nights later in the year, all they needed was my credit card. I don't like to be rude but she wouldn't take no for an answer. We finally just walked away in disgust. If I want to stay at a hotel I will ask YOU, don't start badgering me with supposed FREE offers.
4	I have stayed at Luxor many times in the past, but am now writing my first review. They have definitely did some remodeling and upgrades since the last time I stayed here and it looks a bit different than before all for the better especially the lobby.The check-in was a quick process with not much of a line and the gal who checked us in was nice and even gave us an upgrade to a tower room. The checkout process was even quicker with an advanced iPad system in the lobby done all by yourself without having to wait in the long checkout line.The room was spacious and was kept clean. It isn't as fancy as the Wynn or Bellagio, but for what we paid for it, it was worth it. It even came with a decent view of a small section of the pool. The room was very quiet and I never heard any of neighbors from either side.We spent a few hours at the pool and it wasn't too busy since it was very hot mostly the whole day we were there with temps in the 100's. Good size pool for wading in, but too small to swim in.The have a newly remodeled food court area with nice looking store fronts plus new choices from the last time I was there.The real downside is that they don't have Wi-Fi in the rooms, but only in the common areas like the food court, lobby or pool. They also have a time limit of 48 hours for you to log-in if you stay at the hotel. Not good if you stay longer. Otherwise great hotel to stay in and wouldn't mind coming again in the future.
3	Location location location. You can walk to many if the near by casinos- several without even going outside!! We always stay in the pyramid rooms which are very nice with super soft beds. Check in is a pain in the ass though. Check out is east with several different options. The pool is nice abs relaxing but nothing to write home about. No lazy river or anything. Lots of good places to eat abs the coupon book is awesome. Chris angel show is NOT good but jabawakees is AWESOME.
5	We just got home from our relaxing Vegas Trip and stayed at Luxor and loved it. We always stay at this hotel and have never had any problems.There was no lines to check in and we were there at 7:30 pm on a Friday evening and check out was just as easy. The room was clean and the beds were really comfortable. We went to the pool and paid $70 for 2 padded chairs with umbrella and were in the private pool which was awesome. Anyone who rents a cabana, or padded chairs gets the use of the private pool, which is not crowded at all and the best part there were no kids in there. There are kids allowed but most people are not going to bring there kids in because you have to pay. So by paying you get a relaxing day. I see all these negative reviews and I really think people just love to complain about anything. So I would definitely recommend this hotel. We already booked for the Labor Day weekend
1	Nickel meet the dime.. Because the two work together in here..Just for starters not related to property the fare should be 13 not 25 if the drivers use rip off  freeway.Tell them go on paradise blvd.Rip off alert. One early check in fee 20why? Two pool charge for this subpar pool..divided apart.The pool offer nothing to justify that.Three 25 resort fee. No wifi.. No free newspaper. Spa use 15 a day ..Place is the biggest waste of concrete with use less artifact wannabes,Room in the tomb section pyramid.Ride to the room takes so long limited access.Other choices consider them cause this place was left behind? Updated argued with staff over the rip off resort fee  charged for it.Consider other properties.The place is like we charged you such a low rate your going to get nickel  and dimed.  But they charge according to demand and demand is lows..All time low is dividing a dirty pool and charging for a part. You leave feeling ripped off, but dispute the early check in fee and the get nothing resort fee.And after you check in check the room for dirt and filth over all the cast darkness..
2	My boyfriend and I recently ventured to Las Vegas for an entire week and stayed at the Luxor for the entirety of the trip. Unfortunately, the stay was disappointing. We were initially in awe over the enormity of the place. It looked really impressive, both from the outside and inside. When I first booked our hotel through Expedia, I requested a room with a nice view. Shouldn't be too tough, right? Mountains, sunrise, sunsets, the pool, the strip... there's a lot to choose from, and really, we aren't picky people. So, we get up to the counter to officially check-in, and I got specific - I requested a room viewing the west, so we could see some nice sunsets. Or at the essence of one, at least. With no words uttered, the woman gave us our room information, keys and a little coupon book, and we trekked through the casino, toward the elevators, and headed to our room. Well, we ended up having an unfortunate view of some air conditioning units, and ductwork. Joy. The rest of the stay was just rough. There was a Wheel of Fortune slot machine outside our room that we could hear clear as day through our door (even three floors up), which was unnervingly annoying. Why the choice was made to put one random machine in the middle of a mostly empty hallway, I'll never truly know. Using up the real estate, I guess. I've also read multiple reviews regarding customers getting free upgrades to Suites and such, and we had no such luck... even after staying there for a whole WEEK. No compensation of anything, no in-room wifi (weak), no coffee pot in room (I could kill a man for some hot tea in the morning), and a ridiculous resort fee of $22.40 per day for extras we never used like the fitness room, incoming faxes (gee thanks, 1993), daily newspaper, etc. I was also a little disappointed with what the actual room provided for us. Usually, when staying at a hotel, they provide you with a book or handout that includes important numbers, hours, directions, room service menus, or channels. I mean, I've gone to places where this thing is a literal novel. Our room had nothing. I'm sure our hotel offered room service, but apparently, I'll never know.The pool was refreshing though (even if the "free" portion of the pool was only 3  1/2 feet deep... not really used for swimming, but rather wading around). Still lovely on the hot days though. And the drinks served at the pool were awesome, albeit expensive. The beds and pillows were also nice, and housekeeping seemed to be on point (we always saw them busily working from room to room).When I go on vacation, I like to feel like I'm really getting away and my hotel room is part of the experience. On a day-to-day basis, I'm usually totally focused on keeping my own house clean, organized, and comfortable... it's nice not to worry about it for a little bit. So, when I feel like I'm getting nickel and dimed, or like I'm just one random customer in a sea of others willing to pay "better" money, it's disappointing. Unfortunately, I don't think we'll be back...
3	It's getting dated quickly. The decor is reminiscent of 1993, the year the hotel was built. No wifi in the rooms but there is a cat 5 connection.The pool is amazing but make sure not to take a picture of the staff, (grace) or you may find security asking you to delete the picture. C'mon, it's a pool , semi-naked bodies all over and a staff member doesn't want to be photographed?Overall it's not a bad deal for the money, but there are newer hotels on the strip. Slots were tight, boobs were amazing. We might try it again .
5	The pyramid in the middle of the strip was pretty cool. Cool architecture and statues. I liked the Score sports exhibit inside...and I met a bass player for some metal band and took pics with him lol fun times!
5	my family & I  travel a lot to Vegas and this is our #1 hotel.Lets start of by food,they have a variety of food in their good court but I've tasted the McDonalds and it tastes awesome so does Starbucks!The rooms are okay to me,the bed is comfy they have a nice quality TV what more to ask for?It's at the end but you can walk to Excalibur then New York New York and start things off there!The parking lot is old but at least it's not dark.Elevators are good just the one on the parking lot is creepy.I love the Egyptian designs!The service is fast and nice! I love the Fact it has attractions inside.The pools are nice just the fact the pool that is cooler gets to be VIP like last time I went it was for everyone!It's also connected to the Mandalay Bay stores!I love this hotel and Recommended it !!
5	We stayed here for five days while visiting family in town.I have no complaints at all, it was a great stay!I did book online at hotels.com, and that was cheaper than the front desk price, but I assume everyone can find a price they are comfortable with one way or another.We got a room with two queen beds, on the 28th floor of the main pyramid. The room was super spacious, which is always nice. The bathroom had a nice big shower, but no tub. I'm not sure if other rooms have tubs or all of them only have showers.The wi-fi is free with the resort fee, but only in public areas, not your room...I guess I do have one complaint, but it didn't cause any issues, just not convenient.All the staff we interacted with was friendly and helpful.I would definitely stay here again!
2	Place needs to be renovated. Badly. don't get a room facing the pool, you'll cook if you have to go back to your room in the afternoon for any reason.No wifi... WTF?Maids left a cleaning brush and used wash cloth in the room after one visit.I will NOT be staying here again. Now i know why it was dirt cheap.
2	We won't be back.The bass from the nightclub passes right through the rooms in that part of the structure at sufficient volume to prevent sleeping.We are 8 floors up and I may as well try curling up to sleep on the dance floor.The room was only slightly cheaper than Venetian and Bellagio. Shame on me for trying to save a buck.Predictably there were no other rooms to move us to until the next day, and the receptionist made it sound like a very familiar problem. They probably get many complaints a night about this.I feel its a shady business that would attempt to pass off such uninhabitable accommodations for 300 bucks a night including the taxes and fees. And no wifi, nor the bed type you booked.Caveat emptor.
5	I dont know why i see bad reviews on here especialy when it comes to paying fees up front. That never happened to me and i made my reservations on line. I was able to get a Pyramid Suite with a 4 person tub next to the slanted window and a seperate living room for $92 a night. Add the fees and stuff it is more expensive. But every hotel has those fees. Our check in was at 10am.....WOW i paid an extra $20 for that and it was sooooooo worth it. I hate checking in at 3pm at other hotels. Our room was big and over exceeded my expectations. I had the time of my life this week and had so much fun. Except for the EDC people everything was perfect.Thank you LUXOR. Cant wait to go back.Zeke
1	Would not stay here again. NO coffee maker in room! Had to walk about half a mile in the morning, in my slippers, to get coffee. Called the desk to ask for a coffee maker; wouldn't give me one. Prepare to pay double the prices for a cup of coffee at the Starbucks. No refrigerators in the rooms either. You can do a lot better in Vegas I'm sure.No free wifi in room either! In other words, this hotel is about 10 years behind every other hotel.
1	Pretty horrible stay a couple months ago at the Luxor. We were put in a first floor room right next to the elevators, which was bad enough, but then at like 4am that night a huge fight breaks out at the elevators / in front of our room that results in security being called. I complained at checkout and they were nice enough to email me an offer me a stay in an upgraded room for my next trip to Vegas to make it up to me. However, a couple months later, when I tried to claim the offer, no one replies to any of my emails. What a horrible place. Avoid.
5	Heading to the Luxor this weekend and have stayed there several times in the past.  Coming from the hospitality business myself I'm very aware of how powerful Yelp can be for a business.  Most of these negative reviews are coming from unreal expectations, it's common sense that older hotels will have more wear and tear and not offer state of the art amenities.  A 1 star review for no coffee maker??  Come on people, grow up and stop being such pussies.   Then go downstairs to Starbucks, they make a better cup than you do anyway.Are there nicer options out there for hotels?  Absolutely but not at this price.  You're not staying at the Luxor for luxurious spotless rooms, you're staying there because it's on the strip and cheap.  It probably needs a renovation but once that happens, people will probably complain about the "new, higher prices".     Sometimes even when you win, you lose...
2	Stayed here during EDC weekend. Pros were it's cheap and right on the strip. However, my room didn't have a microwave or a mini fridge. The AC I have at home was better than the one in the room and guest services were really slow. THERE IS NO WIFI IN GUEST ROOMS. You have to go down to the main floor for that which is absolutely ridiculous. They gave my friend an ethernet cable in his room. Cell service really sucks too. They have an ok gym though and a big outdoor pool. You can get to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay easily through the walkway.
1	The room was not cleaned - the bathroom was filthy and the floor was not vacuumed. Found an eyelash and several sequins on the floor. There was also hair in shower and bed. The toilet was not scrubbed. Had to ask for housekeeping to come twice and finally the third time housekeeping came. Even after housekeeping attempted to clean the room, the shower still had the hair in it.Good thing I brought my own Lysol travel spray to sanitize the shower, toilet, fixtures, TV remote and the bed. We tried to get another room but guest services said they where over booked.They have no WiFi services nor coffee pots in the room, which I found out that coffee pots are reserved for the suites. Definitely will not ever again conduct any kind of business with the Luxor.
4	My parents' touring agency booked us at the Luxor during our stay in Las Vegas for about two nights out of seven/eight days, and I am here at the hotel as I type...  I'm impressed of the decor, and I am pretty sure most of these statues and paintings are replicas of the real artifacts....but I digress.  It is still a very pretty place with its own charm.However, I'm a little disappointed that there is wifi only on the first few floors (Lower Level, Concourse), and no free coffee maker with packets of coffee most hotels tend to have nowadays.  Hence, minus a star, but I'm not going to make too much of a big deal about it unless the service happens to be really bad...I mean come on, d'you expect every single hotel have a butt-washing toilet like one of the hotels I stayed in when I was in Waikiki?  Of course not.  Not every establishment can afford that.And the other reasons why I rated it this way as well....it is mighty convenient to have trams to connect  to Mandala Bay and then from there to the stop located in between the other side of Exacalibur and New York New York.  Save me and my parents' tired feet after sitting on the coach bus for nearly half the daylight hours, trekking through rocky passes in the Grand Canyon, and explored three casinos (Luxor, Excalibur, and NY NY).  A little round-about if you ask me, but it is still a time saver.  Would have been a perfect 5, if there were wifi amenities in my room.One little thing I forgot to mention....while the rooms were great, the bathroom design is a little...well...stifling.  Not as respiratory problem, but I meant energy.  Poor circulation of energy. But that's just my opinion.   Then again, some rooms might be a little different.
4	Stayed at The Luxor recently for a conference. I disagree with many of the negative comments. I stayed in a tower room and I thought it was very clean and up to date. The hallways were a little noisy in the night, but that is to be expected. Check in was really easy. I walked right up. I was a little early (1pm), but they were able to accommodate me right away.  All the meeting rooms that we used were excellent. The food and snacks that were provided were very good.
4	Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #137 - #365Oh how I heart the Luxor, especially the powerful beam at night. Quarky Vegas still lives! It's south strip location isn't convenient towards the center strip, so you'd either have to walk a long distance or take a cab. The sphinx is one of the only marks on Luxor that keep it Egyptian other than the pyramid.Check In was quick and the clerk was very friendly. Our room was in the prymaid so we had to walk a long ways towards the corner of the prymaid to get to the inclinator (elevator). Walking to the room was fun just looking at what was left of the Egyptian theme and the inclinator was shakey! We were on the 23rd floor and had a view of the atrium. Breathtaking view of the atrium and where you can people watch 24/7. The room was just bland. More like a notch above Excalibur and on the same league as Ballys and the Flamingo. There was no wifi so I had to use my AT&T network but I heard they plan on adding WiFi soon. Welcome to the 2,000's!  Pool here is not luxurious and just as average as the hotel room. Food options are ok with the food court and average buffet with no wow factor. It's also connected internally to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur. If you're too tired to walk, they have a monorail that connects to all three resorts. What I'll miss most about the Luxor is the spitting camels and the water ride. The positives are the Carrot Top, Bodies Exhibit, and the Titanic Exhibit.
3	I was looking forward to my stay at Luxor because I was entranced by the promise or diagonal wall windows in the pyramid and the pyramid shaped shampoo and soap people talked about.The window was cool, but there was no pyramid shaped soap.The room was clean, non-smoking, and two queen beds. Just what we asked for. One thing I didn't like though was that even though we didn't have the do not disturb sign on our door, the cleaning service never came by during our stay. We had to call and ask for new towels and cups, etc.But they promptly responded. The location of the hotel on the strip is just okay.I would stay again, but it's not my top choice.
2	Where to begin:Pool area would be nice but no shade and you are charged for every little thing out there.Rooms are a similar letdown.  No wifi, irons that don't work, bathrooms that look nice but are lacking maintenance, and AC units that run nonstop and still can't manage to get the room cold.Casino floor is small but otherwise ok, although certain areas actually have a raw sewage smell to them.Only bright spot is the staff who have been nothing but nice.
1	I gave the Luxor one star only because you couldn't give a negative star review. I called and asked if a early check-in was available. The lady said yes. When I arrived the lady at the front desk didn't even check her computer and said nothing was available. I told her I had just called and she then decided to take the time to check her computer. She charged me $20.00 for an early check-in and gave me a room on the 2nd floor. When I entered my room there was a dirty towel on the floor left behind from the previous guest. YUCK!Absolutely terrible! Rooms that  haven't been updated since the day the Hotel was built. The A/C did not work in the room so I called the front desk. They said they would come fix it, don't know if they every showed up, however my room never cooled down. When I checked out I had charges on my room that weren't mine (they did fix that).  Do your self a favor stay else where even if the room is comp'd. Thanks Luxor for a terrible stay!
3	There was nothing amazing about this hotel. Food court was pricey, rooms were average, and the pool water was freezing! I personally would not stay here again. However I did like how they held our bags before our check in time. They also give you a little booklet with coupons for the shows and such they have in the hotel, but wasn't much of a discount.
3	I haven't stayed on this end of the strip yet, so it was fun to see what this hotel had to offer. Though I was only there for a max of two nights, I did get a chance to walk around to check out this hotel. Casino-wise, I'm really not very helpful with because I'm not a big gambler, so I couldn't tell you if it was "good" or not. It seemed pretty typical to me. I liked there were a lot of options of things to do here (Criss Angel, Bodies, Titanic and Jabbawockeez are all in this location) and that there's a food court upstairs for some quick, cheap eats if you wanted. Other than that though, nothing really stood out to me at this hotel.Same applies for the rooms. I thought they were okay, but at the same time, it is Vegas, so most time spent is out of the room, right?! :) If I was at this end of the strip, I may stay here again, but I'd probably want to check out other locations before staying here again.
3	Review based on an overall experience.  I have stayed in a Tower Deluxe Room in the East Tower, a Suite in the East Tower, and a Pyramid Deluxe Room.Last year I was playing Blackjack for 4 hours at Luxor and since then I have been getting free rooms, basically at my disposal.  The perks of being a Gold Member with MLife.The rooms at Luxor are average size sat around 450 sq. feet. They come with all the basic necessities: somewhat comfy bed, iron, safe, bath amenities, tv.  There is nothing great about these rooms, but at the same time there is nothing bad.  The bathrooms are bigger than the ones at The Mirage and have a separate tub/shower.  This is one thing that makes these rooms better.  But what MGM and The Mirage lack in the bathroom department, they make up for in swankiness.  Luxor's rooms are blah. The decor is old, the carpet is blue and the overall feeling you get when you walk in is.... When are they going to renovate?Oh, and there is no W-Fi inside their rooms.  Ethernet cords are available. (Pssssst, wanna know a little secret?  There is Wi-Fi.... Only in select rooms in the West Tower. They are currently testing out their Wi-Fi)Their pool area is pretty basic.  A couple of small pools and cabanas that are basically tarps protecting you from the sun. Please don't waste your money.  Nobody at the Luxor pool cares that you have a cabana.  The restaurant choices at Luxor are pretty slim. Their Mexican restaurant "Tacos + Tequila" and Asian restaurant "Rice & Company" is way overpriced.  There is a food court that has the usual places... Pizza, chicken fingers, burgers. Nothing special.  A few Starbucks are scattered within the property. There are a few shows at Luxor, Jabbawockeez and Carrot Top. I wouldn't waste your time and money on Jabbawockeez.  I was a fan of theirs on America's Best Dance Crew, but apparently they are only entertaining performing in 3 minute segments on TV. Watching them for 1.5 hours was a little too much of the same thing over and over again.  Carrot Top on the other hand is hilarious.  I saw him years ago at MGM but I'm sure he's just as funny at Luxor.  I would definitely recommend Carrot Top to those who are familiar with pop culture though.Overall, I don't think I would go out of my way to stay at Luxor.  Having the room be free is a nice perk, but I would prefer to stay at Monte Carlo as it's more centrally located and the rooms are a little more updated and modern. If you're able to get a good deal ($50 or under), don't mind walking to where all the action is, and are too drunk to care about what your room entails, then by all means, get your LUX on.
2	My rental car was stolen from valet! Hard to review... I've stayed here multiple times and have enjoyed my stay. The rooms aren't anything special but the price reflects that... You get what you pay for and the rooms have everything you would need and I like the low price point. However, I would NOT stay in the pyramid and think pyramid vs tower is like a different hotel. Totally worth the $20 upgrade. The rooms are dark which I didn't like and maids came by before 9am! On the end of strip and had to take 5 min cabs to get to Paris, Mirage, etc.This last stay we were there for one night. Valet my rental car at 11:15p. In the morning I realized my ticket had been misplaced and went down to valet desk to get car. Car was not in valet. After hours of looking for the vehicle it was deemed stolen. They had no information for me- did someone else claim my car? Did they give the car to the wrong person? Was it taken when I dropped it off  (it was not immediately parked)? Filed reports with Luxor, car rental company and police. Luxor lacked a sense of urgency in the matter and kept asking if I was sure I parked it at that valet and at that hotel. Despite my insistence (and coworker that was with me the whole time) security searched the other valet lot as well as Mandalay Bay and Excalibur. Surprise- wasn't there because that's not where I parked. They even had me call the rental company to confirm the car was white...Luxor paid my cab fare to airport. After filing reports went to lunch then I swung back through valet to see check in once more before leaving for airport. Valet manager was much nicer this time and got the hotel manager involved. She was very nice and comped my stay. Whole thing was a nightmare and lost my only 'vacation' day after working at Red Rock all weekend. Luxor has cameras on valet but will not provide any information on surveillance videos, said I 'would need a subpoena'. Had very expensive sunglasses in car and doubt I will see them again.
5	Stayed here 6/26 to 6/29 and LOVED it. Will be staying here from now on. We booked a pyramid room but at check in was upgraded to a tower room since we were getting married and what a beautiful room and view. Huge bath tub with seperate shower. King bed with 8 pillows. Was very comfortable like mine at home. HDTV flat screen tv with very clear resolution. Staff was so accommodating and friendly. I loved the luxor for a first time staying there and will be staying again in a couple months.
3	The beds are comfortable , the bathroom is nice the TV is HD and flat screen BUT there is no freakin' Wi-Fi !!!! I've been in small communities that have friggin Wi-Fi in their hotels. Due to that reason I won't be staying at the Luxor if I come back to Vegas. It's too bad I didn't remember to check about Wi-Fi before booking here on Expedia. The staff are nice though if that's what you're looking for. If I come back I'll be asking if they have Wi-Fi and if the answer is no I'll be staying somewhere else.
1	Pyramid suite: bathtub full of dirty towels and filthy water when I checked in. 2 1/2 for fresh towels. They charge for roll out beds. Rough crowd. It's like Laughlin or a Swapmeet in LA.... Gross all around. Food court is terrible. Cris Angel sucked... This is just the first day. Oh BTW Forget about drinks IF you're gambling, 5 hours of play at $25 a hand and received one warm bud light. Thanks Luxor!!!!! You suck!!!
4	It was my first time in Vegas and the Luxor was pretty cool. The staff was supper friendly and quick at what they do. The bathrooms are a little outdated with weird wall paper and little pyramid shapes to them. The rooms are pretty quiet, you can't hear your neighbor. The pool looked cloudy and there were too many people in the pool for my comfort level so I did not even bother. The view from the 9th floor to the atrium was amazing and the view from our pyramid room was pretty nice facing Mandalay bay and the airport. The reason why the elevator shakes a lot is because the elevator is traveling across the pyramid. Its not like a typical elevator that goes up and down, its traveling diagonally. The luxor should take better care of the outside of the pyramid by cleaning the windows because it looks a little dusty. The hotel has a great design to it and its a shame to see it look shabby. The beam on top of the pyramid is pretty impressive. I suggest they should put light beams out of sphinx eyes that would be cool to see. Overall its a good place to stay on a budget in vegas. My final opinion of vegas overall I discovered that most of the vegas hotels smell like sewer not just the Luxor.
3	I always wanted to stay here, as I am a sucker for a gimmick and the fact that it is a giant pyramid completely sold me. The hotel is fine, clean enough, but it was nothing special and the lack of wifi in the rooms was pretty bad. I mean what hotel does not have wifi as an option these days?Not a bad choice for the money, as it is a relatively cheap hotel, but just not a great hotel.
4	Room was clean.  Hotel needs to be renovated.  Food was too over priced.  Hotel staff was friendly.  Overall, I enjoyed my stay.
1	Not a fan of the Luxor, It has become somewhat run down, and the service and hospitality on my last visit was terrible.  Unfortunately even after trying to resolve several issues with the management, nothing was offered me despite being a mlife and rapid reward customer to compensate for the lack of fulfillment of the promises made in the all inclusive show, and the fees not disclosed until after purchase, also the run around you get when you try to get help. also the timeshare people in the lobby that are dressed just like the other employees are very aggressive compared to other hotels on the strip.  Small Dirty room, poor air quality, slow cleaning service. not a good time for me.  Maby if I was 21 and just needed a place to crash cheaply, but there are so many better deals in nicer hotels available. Very dated, and the WiFi was horrible. Had to go out into the hallway to get reception even though they had a router in the room dangling in the closet.
3	We had fun, we found special rate online, which was great deal in strip.  Our room inside of the pyramid was OK but I was not comfortable the elevator moves side way...  We went pool, it was nothing special feature.
2	I did not like Vegas. I will start the review by saying that, because as my Vegas experience was bad naturally I would feel similar about my accommodation. But to start, I did not like the hotel much it was in dire need of a refurbishment and was clearly showing it's age. The staff were friendly I will give them that but getting a hold of them was almost impossible. The bed was very uncomfortable, I could hardly sleep at all on them and when i did it was only because the noise from downstairs has quietened down a little.Overall i did not like the hotel and will not stay again. (I know this review is biased from my stay in vegas...so please take what i say with a pinch of salt)
5	As a local, it is imperative to find a cheap way to have a good time in Vegas. Most of the time, I find Vegas to be overpriced, which is obviously due to the influx of tourists here from other places. My boyfriend and I decided to do a staycation, and we chose Luxor because of its good price as an online deal. When we went to check in,  Marilyn, the lady at the front desk, made fluid conversation and upgraded us to a phenomenal room with a later check-in time because we were locals. We paid $50 for a suite with a living room, kitchen, humongous bathroom,  a view of the pool, and King size bed. We were also given a coupon book that helped us enjoy our stay even more-- $20 off Jabbawockeez tickets with a free t-shirt. The restaurants were moderately priced, and we were in a prime location of walking distance between the Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, and New York New York.All in all, we had a wonderful time and will definitely be returning.
3	We stated for two nights in the west tower.  It was quiet and clean.  The employees were all friendly and helpful.  The only minor annoyance was the constant hawking of the time-share people.  It felt like every time we went down to the casino we had to run the gauntlet.  After three days, it really got old.  If not for this, the hotel would have gotten 4 stars.
4	We stayed at the Luxor in one of their Spa Suites.The Spa Suites are on the corners of the hotel's pyramid, and they feature a sleeping area with queen beds, and a large sitting area with a Spa / Hot Tub situated closer to the window for a wonderful view of the LV skyline and strip, or the LV mountains (depending on where you are facing).I will say that the Luxor may not be as elegantly decorated as the Bellagio, but these rooms, their size and floor plan; as well as, its amenities are well worth the price. We paid $400/night for our room, and it was definitely worth it.The inclinators (instead of elevators) are a nice and memorable touch to the overall experience.And since the hotel had a monorail station within, it made traveling down the strip simple and effortless. Instead of fighting the crowds on the street, we just hopped hotels through the stip using the monorail. Now, it does get crowded in there during the busy hours, but it certainly is a welcome change to the morass of the crowds and traffic on the strip.If you're in LV, and want to experience the Suite life, I would highly recommend you try one of these Suites before you plunk down $$$/night elsewhere.
1	We stayed at the Luxor, we were charged a  daily resort fee of just $22.40 (tax inclusive) per day. There is only wi fi in "public areas" 1/4 swimming pools is for "paid access only" 1/4 is closed without lifeguards. So the remaining two pools were very crowded. Parking is very far from any of the rooms. Prepare to walk at least a mile to your room from any parking lot. There are people in the lobby constantly bothering and badgering you to go see time share presentations. It was not a relaxing pleasant stay. I wont stay here again.
1	My friend had his wallet stolen by the maids who came into his room to clean it. He complained in person and even emailed after but luxor refuses to take any actions to compensate him. He had $2000 stolen. AVOID AT ALL COST!
2	Older but comfy.  Great for the you get crowd.be sure to eat at the Taco & Tequila bar!
3	I usually have a great time in Las Vegas, but my last trip was abysmial. Needless to say most of my issues had to do with the service and helpfulness of the staff at the Luxor. Most of them were unhelpful or incompetent. Some of the things I had to deal with were unexpected from a major Vegas hotel. I was ready to give this a 2 star rating, but Mike at the check in counter was the shining gem in a box full of coal. He took the time to listen to my issues and offered me some compensation for the troubles I had. If more of the staff was like Mike then I would comeback to the Luxor more often. He is the reason I bumped up my rating to 3 stars. Please keep him around for a long time. Thank you Mike.
2	I wasn't expecting too much here since I normally stay at the Palazzo.  I was at Circus Circus Reno about 2 weeks before so I was ready for the decent but ok Casino hotels.  I'm a big fan of the Egyptian theme and the high ceiling (it's a freaking pyramid).  The big let downs are the shaky elevator that felt like the Tower of Terror for Disneyland's California Adventure in Burbank, CA and the weak air conditioning that barely cools down the room.  I'm on the 21st floor and I think I received the morning sunrise.  When I turn my AC on high and leave it that way until 8pm at night, I expect a cool room.  Unfortunately, it felt the same as the morning.  I'm always sticky and sweaty in the room so it's hard to sleep in that state.  I guess it's a ruse from the Casino to make me leave the room to gamble more.
2	This was our second time staying here and this time we got a room on the 29th floor of the pryamid and can i say thqat i do not feel safe in those elevators, plus they dont help if your drunk or not feeling good either.   When we checked into the room we found a porn cd in between the sheets.  Gross!!!. This casino seemed alot more dirty than before in the rooms and the casino floor itself.
4	I booked two Queen rooms last minute for my mothers birthday and We All Loved our stay! The staff was extremely helpful, efficient, and on top of the sh**. The casino-gambling area was very clean, well organized, easy to get from point A to B. I didn't feel like I was in a cigarette box and I didn't feel like I was huffing "air freshener fumes" as I have at other major hotels in Vegas. my poolside experience was great, wasn't overrun with kids and not too much of a crazy party scene. It was just right! and well maintained. Our rooms were spacious and clean. Unfortunately the room my Bf and I had  didn't have a pretty view, we saw ugly grey flat rooftop between our room and the pyramid but at least we got to admire the pyramid from our windows and not be disturbed by the sun in the morning. I would've given the Luxor a 5 star rating, but the shower was very disappointing. The shower head felt like it barely worked. it sprayed out water as if you held a hose and blocked part of it with your thumb..The water pressure was very weak. But it had excellent temperature control and the layout was nice and the bathtub was lovely. House Keeping at the Luxor is amazing. They are The Bomb! they promptly brought us extra towels when I called and asked for some. And when My bf and I left to the pool, they folded all three shirts my bf had left on the ground and put them on the bed. sooo nice :)Overall I really enjoyed my stay at The Luxor and am looking forward to my next vegas trip with them.
3	I stayed at this hotel using a priceline deal which was awesome. $20/night, plus the additional $20 per night because of resort fees meant that I got to stay on the strip for $40/night. Had I paid more than that, my review would probably be lower. The hotel only has 1 24 hour restaurant and it is basically just sandwiches. The room was decent in size, seemed clean, and had a view of Mandalay bay hotel.The pool was packed during the day and closed at night. I wanted to go swimming at night! The worst part of this hotel is that it was such a trek to the room because of the shape of the hotel. If you are in the corner, you are crazy far from elevator and then it takes forever to find an elevator with room to go down. Once you are in the parking lot or ready to leave you better hope you didn't forget something in the room!Best part? Really nice woman who checked me in and Luxor shaped bar soap!I would stay here again for this price, but wouldn't pay a whole lot more (depending on season I guess).
1	Not clean. Literally Circus Circus and Motel 6 are giving them a run for their money. Dirty floors, comforters filthy, holes in furniture (not kidding). It's unfortunate. If you want a nice hotel to stay in, stay away from Luxor.
2	"One Of My Least Favorite"I generally aim for the more upscale casino's to not only gamble at but to also stay inside the hotel as well. I find these type of low budget casinos to be a bit past outdated and I guess for anybody who is on a budget that likes ancient egyptian theme's should opt for the Luxor!
5	I very much enjoyed my stay at the Luxor - it's a stunning hotel!
5	Love it here! Stay in the west tower!  They have bigger rooms and better views. Week day rate was 39.00 can't complain. The Luxor connects to Mandalay bay.. Your MGM card works at all MGM hotels. Try citizens for grub if you like steak it was the bomb! Better than the pricy stake house. Had a awesome time and the massage at the spa was heaven!
4	It's the Summer of 2014 and we're here for a conference 5d/4n. The conference set up was 1st class and the food was excellent each day. This was our 1st time staying in an actual hotel property in Vegas. We normally utilize one of our timeshares when we're here. I must say the Luxor was nice. We had a standard king in the West tower. Good news is that there were no slanted ceilings on this side and the music from the pool didn't go past 8p. Bad news is that I would not have liked this side if I were on a normal vacation in case I wanted to sleep late during the day. The music would have been annoying. Also liked the connections the Luxor has to the Mandalay and Excalibur casinos.  It is a little walk to catch the Deuces bus but heck you're in Vegas. The people watching along the way is worth it!
5	We went to the lux our hotel for our 7 year anniversary! It was our first time staying at this hotel & I have to say we had an amazing extraordinary experience. We checked in at the VIP Mlife area and the person helping us his name was ALEX. Best customer service ever from Alex he gave us an upgrade with no questions asked and made sure that we were properly taking care of the whole time we were there. We had a wonderful time we were for 4 days, the food and the restaurants were yummy and even our room service was great.
3	I stayed at the Luxor with my family july 20-21 Pros - nice room service was good room was ok u get what u payed for Cons- pool was too outdated Room was outdated , elevator ride was scary and the time share people are like hound dogs So we arrived sun about 1030 did not even check in and we got tricked by some lady stating that we can get tickets for cheap for some shows granted I had kids with me so discounted tickets sounded good so I ended up paying $70 dollars for supposedly a tour of Las Vegas and tickets for kings night court  plus free brunch and dinner so I agreed to it did not know it was a time share guy said to meet him down in the casino to take us to the tram so we did and we ended up in time share bull shit the lady that was supposed to be our tour guide was latterly on her night gown I told her that I did not want to buy a time share not interested and then she started to threaten me saying that I was gonna wait for my tickets that I had already paid for for 2 hrs bitch got me twisted so I told her she was gonna go get my money and ima get out of here she called security and told security that I caked her a bitch so I waisted my time for3 hrs for something other them what I was told do not get tricked by these people they do not give u anything for free they just waste ur time so I was so upset that I waisted half my day listening to some lady talk some bull shit they try to force u to buy but it's not legit Luxor should do away with that other then that room was clean pool was ok not anything great and my husband lost his credit cards he called and no answer spenders money stay somewhere else
3	Our stay at the Luxor was fantastic! Cozy beds, clean bathroom...pretty much all you need for a weekend in Vegas. Only wish our room had a fridge!
3	My experience at Luxor was pretty OK. My biggest complaints are the rooms lacking wifi and the Luxor needing renovations. Everything is getting pretty dated.  Our room wasn't very clean but the beds and pillows are soft. The view was amazing I do have to admit I love the luxor for the views.I felt like the location was convenient since it was kind of close to the airport. Also since Luxor was on the strip we often just took the tram to the other hotels. I love the decor of Luxor the Egyptians feel was pretty nice. The pool was ok but nothing really special. I booked my hotel with a $20 drink &food coupon and I used that for alcohol (awesome deal ) Also if you I need a food court that's open 24 hours Luxor has one!
2	At first I was super pumped to stay at the Luxor Hotel. My wife and I got one of those all inclusive packages that gave is tickets to the exhibits and Kriss Angel with buffet entry. It really wasn't a bad deal considering how much the cost was without bundling everything. The staff there was awesome from the valet down to the bell service. The hotel itself was about a subpar for the money we spent on it. We took the rumbly elevator to the 16th floor and had to make the trek to the other side of the pyramid to get to our room. We were thankful that the Sherpa of the hotel, the bell service was there to taxi our bags to our room. The air conditioner in the room was loud and pointed to the hot slanted window of the pyramid, rendering the rest of the room to feel like a sweat lodge. The bathroom was a good size; however there was no tub but only a shower. The shower head felt like a pressure washer and would take a layer or two of skin off after bathing. I guess it's to get the cigarette smell off from the casino. The buffet at the Luxor was meek and bland; I suggest journeying over to the Excalibur to hit their buffet. The buffet there seemed fresher and had more variety.The pool was overcrowded and only 3ft deep in all areas, with plenty of cigarette butt sightings. Overall I had a pretty good time with the all inclusive package with the Luxor. There was just some minor things that I wish that the staff at the Luxor would improve on like, the quality/variety of food at the buffet, better air conditioning in the rooms, and some more elevators.
4	It's been awhile since I've been to Las Vegas and whew is it HOT!  Waking up to 84 degrees at 7 am is unusual to me. Lol.  It has also been quite a long time since I last stayed at the Luxor but it isn't too bad sooo far.   I am here for a conference and the food is wonderful!  The workers were also great and attentive. The only thing I am disappointed in is the condition of the rooms, but hey what do I expect from a hotel that's one of the first hotels on the very end of the strip way back when.?  Otherwise, I would stay here again considering the price. :-)
1	I had the worst experience checking into a hotel. I arrived to check-in around 11pm after a night of hanging out around Vegas. I had booked a double queen bedroom hotel room and got my keys to a room all the way on the other end of the casino. So far I would've rated the place a 3 or 4 stars because it is a bit old for a casino hotel on the Strip, but the staff felt nice and a lot of people seem to be enjoying themselves. As I got to the room the keys would not work! I had to walk all the way back to the check-in and the staff told me he had given me a room that was already occupied, he then changed the room to the one next door (so I would not be lost). My girlfriend had to remind the staff to re-program the keys to the new room. After the staff assured me everything would be OKAY now I walk back to the room to find out it is a 1 king size bed room and not the double queen size bed room I had reserved. So I had to walk all the way back to the check-in again. When I ask the staff that I had order a double queen bed room he told me that it was more like a request but the type of room is not guaranteed! I have never heard that before! After arguing for a bit they agreed to provide a roller-bed for free. After another walk back to the room I found a big wet spot on the floor, by then I wasn't going to walk back and decided to call it a night. The room was pretty big but it was offset by the tilted walls, makes the room feel odd. Normally I would've probably given the hotel 2-3 stars.
5	The only good thing about this hotel is the really awesome Titanic Exhibit, and T & T tacos the resteraunt located inside. I really wish I would have taken a picture of our Pyramid suite room.. Let's just say busted in walls, popcorn walls, missing pieces off of the furniture. Very outdated, with a very dirty feel. The beds are very soft and comfy.. But the room really sucks. The hotel needs desperately to be remodeled, and probably a thorough inspection done as we'll, it doesn't really seem safe. In it's day it was probably a really awesome hotel, but now.. It's not. Half of the resteraunts suck ass.. Besides T&T. The elevators shake vigorously on your way up because it's coming up at an angle due to the pyramid shape & the whole top half of the pyramid upstairs was closed and blacked out. Sort of creepy feel in the hall ways. Will never come back and don't recommend this hotel if your staying in Vegas.. Stay somewhere else. That doesn't have holes in the walls in your suite ;)
2	I stayed at Luxor for a trade show, not out of desire or fun. In case you didn't know, Luxor, Excalibur, and Mandalay Bay are all MGM properties, and Mandalay Bay is the only thing they got mostly right. My stay at Luxor began around 4:00 PM Monday and after hauling our bags through the casino corridors, we arrived at a frenzied check-in line. Of course, it was an optical illusion; the line was mostly groups of families checking in at once, so it went pretty fast.We took the Wonka-vator to the 12th floor of the pyramid, found our room, and unpacked. The room was clean, included the necessary soaps, lotions, and towels, and had a working AC. Unfortunately, the alarm clock was 20 minutes slow. For shame, Luxor!I had great cell reception with Verizon in this hotel.A major problem upon venturing outside the room... timeshare recruiters. These people look like casino security, but if they're not wearing a utility belt, avoid them! These people will catcall you over and ask where you're from, etc. Then all of a sudden, you're at a recruitment desk getting the scripted pitch.Here's a hint: give them two thumbs-up and they'll leave you alone. (It tells them you've heard it already.) Honestly, just say, "No thank you," and WALK if they don't let up. Yes, it's rude, but Luxor is beyond rude in the first place.Monday I dined at the Backstage Deli which is somewhere in the southwest corner of the casino. Cobb salad: EXCELLENT.Tuesday I purchased an all-day buffet wristband which works at Luxor "MORE" and Excalibur buffets. I can't say either buffet is better, but I wasn't disappointed by either.The biggest annoyance was the early pool closing at 8:00 PM. I don't gamble, I'm white, I don't go in the sun. I want to enjoy the pool at night. What the hell? Oh, and your housekeeping/roomservers need to be more observant because someone's leftover dishes were in my hallway for most of the day. That's sloppy.Trust me, Luxor. I'm used to RUDE customers, but the customer service part of your hotel needs improvement. Do away with the timeshare recruiters, expand pool hours, and improve your housekeeping. I, a customer, ACTUALLY may return for next year's lodging....
3	I stayed here before in the tower rooms.This time I stayed in the pyramid suite. Absolutely sucked ass. I can see why the pyramid is cheaper. The rooms are so outdated and smell like smoke. The 2 AC's we're not enough to cool the rooms off even with the shutters closed. The furniture was out dated, the tv was cracked and both remotes didn't work. Bathroom was actually nice minus hearing the sound of the neighbors toilet flushing.Elevators are so dam slow and the walk to the room was terrible. Smelled smoke in the hallway. Definitely an old hotel feel.Room service was over priced. $55 for 2 club sandwiches. Really it's the Luxor not Bellagio.Wouldn't be first on my list of hotels.
4	1st I would really like to praise the nice lady (SILVIA) who checked us in. Her customer service was worthy of 5stars alone . She was awesome , friendly, and helpful. As for the hotel itself I can only give it 4 stars. The employees  weren't very helpful with directions around the hotel and I was a tad bit disappoined with my room . I was expecting more then I got but ill blame that on the Mlife website and their lack of detailed room descriptions but overall things are pretty good here at thee luxor.
4	We stayed here yesterday after having a spontaneous trip to Vegas. The price was $55 for the night, which seemed great to me! Unfortunately I arrived at 7 a.m. and check in wasn't until 3 p.m. Early check in (10 a.m.) was available for an additional $20, so of course I had to take it. We ended up getting a room on the 24th floor which was actually awesome, but our room didn't have a fridge, microwave or wifi. (Not sure if any of the rooms offer a fridge/microwave)The bright side to no fridge? Our air conditioner worked great so we just stuck all our water bottles near it and they were cool about an hour later. The beds were comfortable, the room was clean, the pillows were alright (not bad, not great), and all the staff seemed friendly. Many of them greeted us with "Good Morning, how are you today?" as we walked by. All in all I would definitely stay here again. Although they should make check in time earlier!
2	Front side of facade may look fancy but back side is dirty, clattered with stuff with inch of dust accumulation.  The room was uncomfortable because the walls weren't square and the floor was not level. Elevators weren't working. Pool was closed but they still charged "Resort Fee" Housekeeping knocked the door and reported on room phone that she cleaned our room even we had "Do Not Disturb"sign posted.  I guess they get paid by number of rooms they clean.
1	Nice bathtub but that is where it ends. No customer service and the answer to why only one elevator is working on a sat night is "they are 20 years old". Maid brought towels and made bed. That is it. Did not clean or replace cups, ice bucket was still full of melted ice, room constantly smelled like feces for the three days with no remedy. Please do not stay here. I cannot wait to leave.
3	We stayed in the pyramid suite in a non smoking room.  However, our room really smelled like smoke, other than the smell, it felt clean.  The furniture was out dated and could use a refurbish.  The soaking tub was nice after so much walking.  In the bathroom, the toilet paper is so far away from the toilet seat.  You had to plan on how much you would need before sitting down.  The pyramid suites are in the corners of the pyramid.  Be aware that they are a VERY LONG WALK from the elevators.  We did like being connected with indoor walk ways to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay, that gave us more options for dining and drinking without having to go out in the heat.  Hotel was average, not the worst, not the best.  Given the right price and budget, I would stay there again, if needed.
3	We stayed in the pyramid, in a single-King bedroom (but on the fifth floor, so we got to use the regular vertical elevators for floors 1-5, which I highly recommend, since I recall long waits for the "inclinators" higher up in the pyramid when we stayed here 20 years ago). Housekeeping and customer service throughout the hotel and casino were excellent. The room had seen better days, but apart from the peeling wallpaper, everything was clean and functional. There were always plenty of machines available in the fitness center. I would have appreciated some shade or night-time hours at the pool (it was above 100F in the daytime for our entire stay, July 19-26th), but otherwise enjoyed the pool. My only complaint was the constant harassment by the time-share salespeople, who are dressed to resemble hotel employees, and are all over the hotel and casino. A friend clued me in that they only approach married couples, so I started walking a few feet behind my husband through the hotel and that seemed to keep them off. Ridiculous. I wouldn't have thought a hotel would want its guests constantly harassed like this, but I guess the kickbacks must make it worthwhile (though I can't imagine who would buy anything from these people.) I'll be sure to investigate which hotels don't have timeshare sales on-site before choosing a hotel in Vegas next time.
4	One of the best hotels in Vegas that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. Very clean, classy. If your afraid of heights, don't look down when getting to and from your room. Quite a drop off! But I digress. Good deal, good hotel and casino.
1	This hotel is old and needs major renovations. The mattresses are worn out, I had them change my room as I was rolling out of the bed at night because the mattress was so worn. Well the replacement room was even worse and I'm supposedly in an upgraded room. There is no wireless Internet because they are to cheap to put it in yet they still charge you a high resort fee. When trying to discuss this fee they are charging for WIRED internet, they love to use the word "mandatory fee". This fee isn't mandated by the city or the state, it's mandatory by MGM, the owner of the hotel. On the 16th floor of the east tower, the down button for the elevator is missing with an hole for were it should be.
4	This place works. I thought from the other reviews my room in the pyramid was going to be decrepit. It's not. It's spacious, nothing flashy but comfortable. I walked in and said out loud: this will work! And for the price? I'm more than glad to be right on the strip during the summer on a big boxing match weekend for a really reasonable cost. (Thanks Kayak)What's better is the actual hotel decor and scale. Great places to eat... Other reviews, stop complaining. If you want the Bellagio, cough up Bellagio dollars. I can think of a bunch of other Vegas hotels that the Luxor far exceeds - think Riviera, Excalabur, Sahara. The old crusty ones.I'd put the Luxor on the same level as MGM Grand, maybe slightly less updated than the Mandalay Bay but only by a little bit. Point is, I'd come back for sure and save my money unless the Wynn is having a crazy sale.
4	Not the fanciest resort on the strip but you can get a hell of a deal here if you try. Booked a pyramid queen room for a great weekend rate and was upgraded without much effort to a tower king room with a view of the pool. The tower rooms are very nice and spacious and are not showing their age yet. Location is good, connected to Mandalay bay and Excalibur. Tons of dining locations if you need to grab a quick bite and two evening calls nearby are handy when you need your thirst quenched!
2	I stayed at Luxor for work and it's a bit of a mixed bag.  Of course, since my company is paying, I would prefer to stay somewhere nicer like Mandalay, but it is what it is.I stayed in the pyramid with 2 Queen beds.  The room was really spacious and had a nice Flat Screen TV.  That seems to be what the judge of a room is.  I stayed on the 25th floor and had nice views inside the casino from my hallway and outside the window.  Luxor is a little off the beaten path, but it's a nice hotel with interesting features.  The price is right - you can usually get a room for $30-60 a night even on the busiest of nights.The 2 biggest drawbacks I had to staying at Luxor is that I had a room that was West facing.  The sun, setting in the west, beat on my windows all day and the room was like 90 degrees.  No joke!  This was with the drapes completely closed.  If they were open, it would have been over 110 degrees inside, without exaggeration.This leads me to the 2nd drawback, which is the antiquated AC unit.  It wasn't powerful enough to keep up, so no matter how high I had it turned on, the room was not cooling down.  My advice is to request a room that is facing one of the other directions and you will be good to go.  I don't remember my room #, but it was directly opposite the check in desk, so maybe request a room that is above the check in desk.I know that seems OCD, but it will make a huge difference in your stay.
2	I had heard great things about this hotel, but was severely disappointed in the state of the hotel and the way we were treated by the staff. The casino floor was clean, but the hallway on our hotel room floor was a disaster. There was garbage left in the hallway for days at a time (we stayed for a week). This was sort of surprising as we encountered our housekeeper multiple times-- she did a fantastic job with our room and was very friendly! When we first entered our room, we had burnt out lightbulbs, cabinet handles that were only halfway screwed into the cabinet doors, and only 1 of the 3 phones in the room had a dial tone. We would wake up in the mornings and our headboard would be hot, as if there was a heater behind it. Unfortunately, our AC did not work in the bedroom, only in the outer room, which was nearly unbearable in the June heat. Any time we called down to the front desk to ask about getting our AC fixed, the staff treated us like children and gave us the run around, never sending anyone to fix our AC nor find us another room.We were also harassed by salespeople anytime we walked across the casino floor, trying to lock us into booking rooms for next year. It is difficult to remain polite towards unassuming salespeople after the 50th time you're asked to come back-- especially when you're having a terrible stay. The deal being offered made the hotel seem desperate and tacky, as if scrambling not to go broke.Also, the pool was really gross.And, word of warning: there is NO WIFI. You can't even purchase it daily. Although, if your room is close enough to one of the neighboring hotels, you can sometimes pick up their wifi. I had intended to work during the downtime of our trip, but was not able. It's 2014, Luxor, pull it together!
5	I came here for my 21st birthday. I honestly have no idea what these other Yelpers are whining and complaining about. If you want to get treated like a spoiled princess, don't pay 30-something a night.... pay whatever ridiculous price Caesar's Palace and the Bellagio charge. I stayed in the pyramid deluxe room, and believe me, it was more than deluxe!Everything from check-in to check-out was absolutely amazing and went smoothly. My boyfriend and I were having so much fun, we purchased another night! The EveningCall frozen slushie bar was amazing, I had a Jack Daniels (which I was amazed that they had). The Luxor gives you a coupon book, and there's an option for this bar, so definitely use it. There's even coupons in there for a buy one get one free jewelry, shots at other bars, club entry, and even $20 off the fanciest restaurants the Luxor and Excalibur have to offer! The room? 5-star quality to me! I mean, they didn't have a fridge, but you can literally ask for one to be brought up to you if you so desperately need one. I found the pyramid shaped soap incredibly adorable! A bit awkward to wash your hands with haha the monorail connected the three hotels (Luxor, Excalibur, Mandalay Bay), and that made things incredibly convenient. These three are a bit away from the strip, but don't go to Vegas if you want to be lazy and not walk around. (I saw a lot of reviews docking the Luxor because of this....absolutely ridiculous. Get a limo to drive your lazy butts around if you don't want to walk around.)Our AC worked perfectly! In fact, I had to get under the covers a few times because it worked so well haha I will agree with some of the sour people reviewing: there is limited to no wifi... but you're not there to be on the internet, you're there to enjoy company in Vegas, baby!!Sorry for the dissertation, I just wanted to cover all of the points other people were complaining about.UPDATE: One more thing others were whining about: the elevator. You're staying in A PYRAMID. The elevator has to ascend in an angle. I found it fun and exciting. Those of you who are that high strung to dock a hotel for a "slightly rickety" elevator are ridiculous! I bet you being drunk added to the shakiness! It truly wasn't that bad, these people are blowing it all out of proportion. If you don't like elevators, don't stay at the Luxor. I mean, come on.
1	The worst hotel experience I have ever had in Vegas.My husband and I paid for the players suite for a weekend getaway in Vegas.  When we got to our room we found: 1.) The couches and chairs had sketchy stains on them 2.) the TV was tilted on the wall3.) The lamp shades were broken4.) All of the furniture was scratched and much of it was broken.Generally, we would have just dealt with it, but because we paid extra for the suite-- we decided to complain.  The manager didn't want to do anything but the woman at registration upgraded us to a pyramid suite.  excited to finally get our vegas weekend started we lugged our bags to our next room and found:1.) The room was meh.  Old furniture.  Nothing special. 2.) The spa jacuzzi was not a jacuzzi at all-- just an oversized tub.  When I couldn't figure out how to drain the water-- i hoped that house keeping would know what to do.  I was sadly mistaken.  The water in the tub sat for 3 days-- which made me wonder how clean the hotel really was. 3.) At night, the horizontal elevators in the hotel were so loud and they shook our hotel room-- yes, every 10 minutes it was like an earthquake in the room.  On top of it all the customer service at the Luxor is lacking.  It is the only hotel that I have ever stayed in (EVER) where you have to wait in a mile long line just to give your bags to the bell man.  All in all-- will never stay at the Luxor again.  If you are looking for a cheaper hotel night-- the sister Casino Escaliber is a much better deal.
4	I really did enjoy my stay here except the elevators were a little questionable! The pool was great too. Just don't go see the cris angel show..it was dumb.
2	The hotel design is awesome and there's so much to do inside the hotel but my room really sucked and the bathroom looked like it hadn't been updated in decades. It took 4 flushes to flush a small poop. It's also really smelly in some areas of the hotel, but it's such a big place, it's understandable. They can't keep the entire place smelling nice. Also a majority of the tables were closed for most of the weekend. All in all its a decent hotel,  with an ok casino, in an ok location. Just ok.
4	We stayed in the tower suites, awesome room, beautiful view. The staff was great, did our dry cleaning for our wedding clothes.  Room service was great, little pricey but good food & very convenient.  We did gamble there, the casino was nice, had some luck, but best was on Freemont St.
4	We booked the hotel one day before for 59$  per night + taxes etc. (one day earlier it was 89$ per night). The upgraded room was a tower luxury suite. I liked the safe that was in the room. The beds were very soft. Unfortunately the Wifi was not accessible from the hotel room. The pool area is okay but you have to be there early to get a good place. Over all it was a very good experience
4	I have stayed at Luxor twice, in July my family of 5 stayed for a week.  The only reason I am not giving a 5 star review is because we had to switch rooms, our bed was overly soft felt like we were sinking...as soon as I called the front desk, they were very apologetic and switched us rooms immediately the front desk was very nice they even gave  us a free buffet meal for  5 for the inconvenience!! My kids loved how it was Egypt theme and the slanted tower rooms give it a cool affect! I would stay here again, we were very comfortable in the room!!
3	Stayed here August 3-6. Upon arrival the Valet service was overwhelmed due to the uncommon down pour at the time but did well considering the conditions. We had a king size bed reserved, but at check in only a two queen bed room was available. Once in the room it had a musky smell and water leaking from the ceiling. The following morning was able to switch rooms and was placed in the east tower and the room was a vast improvement. The one downfall is the lack of wifi in guest rooms when your paying a resort fee (wifi only available on casino floor). Even Motel 6 down the street has wifi. Lastly to smooth things over we were given a 50 dollar voucher for their buffet at More.
4	This is an awesome looking casino and hotel  from the outside with the black pyramid and makes for great pictures. Inside there are plenty of shops to check out and they have a pretty good sports shop you may find stuff in you haven't seen anywhere else. There are also plenty of shows to check out here as well. I saw Chris Angel and it was a great time. I did not stay or eat here so I cannot speak on those topics. If you get the big smoothie drinks from Bally's there is a location here to refill!
3	Well we got to stay here for a total of $68 for  3 days and 2 nights, so I can't complain much.I just recommend you be aware of the following:1. Early check in feeCheck in is at 3pm. If you want to get in earlier even if your room is available you have to pay $22.402. Resort feesFor each person you pay $22.40.In return you gain access to the pool, access to the fitness center, free daily paper, free printing of your boarding passes, free local and long distance calls and the coupon book.We used the pool, the fitness center, and the phone.In terms of the coupon book, there's $20 credit for dining (limited to certain bars and restaurants) and complimentary entrance for two to the LAX club in Luxor. Those were most applicable to us.3. Check out is at 11amMake sure you're not to hungover.We were only in the room to sleep and shower, and since we only had to pay the resort fees and early check in, it was worth it.I still don't understand the early check in fee and resort fees. The room was already ready, the pool is already there, and not many people use the fitness center. It's not like I inconvenienced you, Luxor and MGM properties!!!Anyway, at least the room was clean.Until next time, watch out for hidden fees!
5	A great hotel for wanting to get the full Vegas experience. Nightclubs, bars, gambling, shoppes, and immediate access to the strip leaves little to be desired. Plus it's a giant pyramid so it looks cool.  Also, when you are on the strip and struggling to find your way back, the top of the pyramid shoots a huge skylight up in the air that makes it really easy to find your way back.
3	well, last time i was here, was like 10 years ago.  just walked around, and noticed they've eliminated ALL of the Egyptian themed ANYTHING throughout the casino.  It's all modern and clean now.  So it lost its weird charm.  Even the reception area lost its big statues.  WEIRD.  I mean, the people who go to Vegas and stay at Luxor, expect Egyptian themed stuff, right?  If they want classless class then they'd stay at Cosmo.
2	At least it's cheap.  Apart from that, get your shit together, Luxor.We did "pre-check-in" at 12 pm and were told that we'd be texted our room number.  That never happened.  I had to call the front desk and get my room number manually, which caused us to have to walk around aimlessly and unnecessarily for hours in the 100 degree desert heat.  Yeah, there's early check in, but they charge an extortionate fee of $20 for that privilege.  FYI, my friends checked in at 2pm without having to pay a fee.  Meanwhile, we were waiting for our text that would never arrive.The $20 food and drink credit advertised on Expedia is a scam.  It's given to everyone and doesn't work anywhere you'd actually want to eat (the buffet, the pyramid cafe).  As for checkout, I'm actually not sure if I'm checked out yet.  I tried using the link emailed to me, but the website was down.  When I called the number, I got the hotel's main line.  What a joke. I finally was able to navigate the menus to the express checkout option, which tells you to leave your name and number with a promise to send you confirmation later by email or US MAIL!!!  I'm still waiting for that confirmation.What a terrible experience.  I won't be back, and I certainly won't recommend Luxor to anyone.  Shell out the extra $20 and stay at MGM.
3	We went on a trip hear for anniversary the place was cheap for what we got. We has a nice big suit and I think I feel in love with the large tube. For are budget it was nice not amazing not suck just nice.
3	Only cool thing about this hotel is how it looks from the outside. We booked last minute and probably got the cheapest room. But it was still 140. The room was like an ok roadside motell. No wifi. Also this is a party hotel. I would stay here again, but not for that price.
5	Amazing hotel. I will definitely stay here again. The rooms were very spacious and clean, and the beds were unbelievably comfortable. The location is perfect too... you don't even need a rental car if you stay at this hotel. It's in the center of the Las Vegas strip... everything is within walking distance. I really could not find anything negative about this hotel, expect for the fact that parking can get very crowed at times. Valet parking fills up very quickly on Saturday nights.. and sometimes the check-in lines can be extremely long. But besides that, I totally recommend it.
2	We stayed here for 1 night at the beginning of a cross country trip.  Family of 4 (kids 6 & 11).  Didn't plan to gamble, but wanted to stay someplace fun & a bit luxurious.Check in had very long lines (actually, pretty much everything in the hotel had long list & long waits).   We had to wait 20+ minutes to check in.  Like others have said, be aware of the fees (although it seems to be a Vegas thing, not specific to the Luxor).  We did NOT get a good price (it was a last minute reservation, original reservation was lost), felt very taken advantage of, especially after reading the prices others got and the problems we had.  We had to go to 3 different rooms until we found one where the AC was working.   Very annoying, especially because there was a wait each time we had to go back to the desk.  We were jet lagged and it is a long walk to each room.As an aside, whatever cleaning supplies & scents they used gave my son & I bad headaches. In addition, my son lost his 3DS XL in one of the rooms we had to go to when checking in and it has never turned up.  We filed a Lost & Found report, but have not heard anything and I'm concerned its gone for good.  Disappointing.Got accosted by time sharing people in the lobbies every time we went through hotel.  Offering 3 free nights in the future if we would listen to the sales pitch.  Very annoying.Did find most employees to be very friendly and helpful.  Won't stay here again.
2	You basically get what you pay for.  The room doesn't offer free wifi but only on the 1st floor.  Bring your own toothbrush and toothpaste because they don't offer it either.  The rooms are small and the AC is noisy. They run on those old AC system where you have to turn the knob to switch it on and off.  The tv channels are horrible! They don't even have premium channels, which I don't understand.  They do have a cable cord for the rooms if you bring your laptop for internet.  The pool is pretty nice and the sound system is pretty weak.  This is more oriented towards people on a budget and families. Again, this is a pretty good deal if you're on a budget and just need to stay one night due to you missing your flight in the morning or can't change your plane ticket like I did.
3	This place is sort of like a dump compared to the other casinos, but it has your basic needs if all you want to do is shower and sleep. I would give it four stars but in all honesty it can be a long walk from this place to the strip, so location is meh.
1	We'll it's cheap. It's dirty. And I'm pretty sure it's run by the illuminati.  Just kidding, but this hotel is obsessed with pyramids (even the soaps are pyramids...), also the chris angel show is here. DO Not waste your hard earned money on cris angel, everyone I know who's seen it says it's a waste. The crowd is younger people who go here bc it's cheap and sketchy people. The rooms look like attics. I think everything in the Luxor is dirty but this is coming from someone who is anal about cleanliness. So my advice is look at the hotel from the strip, that beam of light is beautiful but don't stay here unless u get a great deal, or just don't give a F about where you sleep.
3	We checked into our hotel room and thought it was okay but needs a bit of an update.  The price was right though so we can't complain.We went during peak season and paid about $160 per night plus the resort fee. It would have been fine except we were charged twice for the resort fee, once through priceline and again at the front desk. The buffet was good and the pool was nice. We honestly enjoyed this hotel a lot and would stay again.
3	When we checked in at the front desk, the guy was very nice and accomadating but guess what? He dropped my girlfriends ID near his feet whick took us 20 minutes to figure out. After a 8 hour drive, that can be annoying.Luxor seemed a lot nicer when I was 12, now its just so-so. I feel like theres just something off about the casino; like the dealers dont want you to win-its hard to explain, youll see if you get here. Flamingo and excalibur peps were way cooler-especially Flamingo. Gym was cool, food is par. **hint: Play the electronic 2$ crap machines. These are the best odds and most fun thing to do there. You wont have meddling dealers in your face or drunk peps breaking your juju. Poker tourneys run all day and theres always a 1-3 no limit game going. Its not a  cheap game though, bunch of over-zealous tourists from all over.Cmon field!! Hope that helps, good luck ;))))
3	Chris Angle show is SUCK. Simple tricks and a lot of talking. Don't waste your money on that. The hotel elevator is horrible. However, Jabbawockeez show was good so 3 stars for them and free room.
4	The hotel is awesome. There is a lot to do and the staff are very nice. My husband and I became Mlife members and we are loving it. The pool area is cool too. I am loving it.
3	The staff is very friendly and accommodations are ok. This place is cheap, you can't pay $75 on the strip and expect a 5 star joint, sorry people deal with it. If you want a clean room, nice people, and no bed bugs then you will be fine. You want roses, super soft do do paper, and gold plated tub then go somewhere else.
2	At check-in they wrote the wrong room number on my packet. Called hotel operator from hall phone and was connected to Security. They never showed-up. Called operator again, connected to front desk, they told me the correct room number and I was able to get into my room almost 45 minutes after checking-in. Had to ask for something for my troubles, received in-house buffet comp for two. Their buffet is pretty weak, but has chocolate milk...a blast from the past. It's a bit of a hassle to get from their monorail to the main Las Vegas Monorail, it would be better to stay at a place near a real Las Vegas Monorail station if that is your primary mode of transport. Nice, clean rooms. Stayed in a tower, not the pyramid, but didn't matter, was there for business.
2	The hotel is good but the buffet is horrible. My husband and I got sick after we left after dinner. Overall, I liked the room and casino. AVOID BUFFET!
3	I LOVE the Mirage and stay there everytime I'm in Vegas, but four guests on a Friday in August in way too expensive. Especially when I had a comped room available at the Luxor. So we moved here for our last night of a four day trip.All in all, it's not a bad place. We had a "Deluxe Tower Room" and you can tell it's slightly older, but not awful. For the price, it really seems better than what you would expect.The casino was great (and the tables treated us well), the staff were all super friendly and the buffet was good (at least for Saturday brunch).That said, it doesn't have that super clean feel that I love about the Mirage. It's definitely on the dirtier side, but I'd still stay here again if the Mirage rates are sky high.Valet could have been faster on the checkout side, but maybe they were busier than normal.
1	I will say casino is nice but their service is crap. The women who gave up us the wrong room floor and gave us an attitude when we were checking in. We got robbed as well. Someone with a room key came in my cousins room and took her two sons iphone. At 4 in the morning. Lucky, she woke up in time before they took her phone as well. HORRIBLE HOTEL! Do not stay there. You'll get the worst experience.
3	Got a decent deal for signing up for the players club. They fail to mention there is no wifi in the rooms only in the casino. Would have been good to know. Pyramid rooms are funky but nice.  No closets but there is a wardrobe.  If there are two of you closet space is at a premium.
3	Great customer service in the begining. Nice floor layout, but the rooms were small, no fridge, coffee machine, probably wont stay here again but would like to cpme see the shows.
3	Hotel room seems comfy enough. The standard room is similar to any other double bed room at any other hotel I've ever stayed at.  Disappointed that the TV channel selection did not include cartoon network to occupy kids while in the rooms.  Bathroom door had water damage at the bottom as if the bathroom had flooded at one point.  There is no tub,  only a stand up shower which is ok with me,  but maybe not other.  On the outside at night the hotel is beautifully lit. There is a large outdoor pool area that is open until 9 pm. The hotel/casino has a variety of restaurant and shopping choices within it like all the others.
3	When you book by other agency don't forget to make sure that you have the right room with nice view. They say the have free internet but not WiFi. The place overall is cool. Their blackjack is dumb. Haha I won about $40 starting with $1 only!! But i lost it in other casino. Enjoy your time.
2	Normally would stay at Mandalay Bay, but since it was last minute, and Mandalay at last minute booking is above $300.00/day, I thought Luxor would be a good alternative since it was half the price of Mandalay.But I guess if you've had the best, it's difficult to demote.Luxor is a two because of the following reasons:1. Location: 5/5 it's behind Mandalay Bay, and in the strip2. Customer Service: 4/5 OK; BUT there are time-share-style promoters hunting you at your every move, it's annoying. 3. Ambiance: Good, like the decor at the lobby; magnificent Egyptian decor/style etc, but the whole place smelled of smoke; even our room that's non-smoking wreaked of smoke coming from the balcony. The structures (I don't know what you call them) that look like buildings within buildings below our room floor was super dusty, with trash that were left there (seemingly from a long time ago) were all dusted over.4. Decor: Great at the lobby, dated in the room5. Amenities: No wifi, no fridge, no microwave & NO coffeemaker in the room; wifi is only available at the pool area.6. Others: the buffet (The M Buffet) -- meh, I've had better. customer service there sucked.
3	We stayed at Luxor on August 2014 for 2 nights. I and gf stayed in pyramid deluxe room, whereas the rest of family stayed in the tower room.This review is for the pyramid deluxe room.Hotel atmosphere is a little bit too dark for my taste, but what can you expect for a pyramid-themed hotel, really. The room is mostly clean, except in one area. We found that the marble table has a lot of bread crumbs (a little bit hard to see in the pic).... all the way down to the chair.Resort feeI see people complain about resort fee. However, it is not am issue that is unique to Luxor. This seems to be the new 'custom' of Vegas hotel (started about 2 or 3 years ago), where the hotel management 'forces' customer to pay the fee that provide them access to the gym and the internet access.Bathroom was clean. Water temperature was responsive. Just remember!! Pyramid tower does not have bath up, as far as I know. It only has the stand-up shower.Bed was quite comfortable.As any other M-life hotels, Luxor provides you with coupon booklet that has discounts for food, play, show, etc. Overall, it was a decent experience. We had a comfortable stay for the amount of money we pay. If it was not because of the bread crumb on the table, I would've given it a 4-stars.
5	alright, not going to lie...i was totally hesitant to come to this hotel because of all these negative reviews lol (like so hesitant to the point where i was about to move my reservation to a hotel like PH) but boy was i surprised. Luckily my friends talked me into using my free rooms. VERY WORTH ITfirst off, i had comp'd rooms from the myvegas reward game. I was able to receive three nights for free!  I was booked for the pyramid deluxe room. When I arrived, yeah the line was long to check in but it went by fast. WILLIE checked us in. He was so welcoming. I even asked if we could get an upgrade--upgraded to a room to the west towers near the pool. AND to top that off he was able to waive our resort fee! By then, I was swooned. The room: The room was exactly how it was pictured in their site. Linens were clean, bathrooms cleaned, beds nice, and most importantly i saw no evident of bed bugs. Quite spacious i must add. Although no fridge or anything like that but the ice machine was near by. The only downside was us getting deactivated for our  room keys---that was the worst thing that happened lol. Other than that everything was good! I would totally come back--free or not. Also, use the coupon book. We were able to watch the jabbawockeez (the coupon gave us a free shirt and discounted tickets. That show was amazing btw.Thanks for everything luxor!
2	I stayed here for three nights early in August for a conference. For the low, conference, weekday rate (that I didn't have to pay for) I would say that it was a decent value. That being said, I would not recommend this place for conferences, as the entrance to the conference area is the same path as the entrance to the pool area. The conference area bathrooms also share bathrooms that are placed near the pool, spa and gym entrance.As for the rooms, not too bad, as long as you're not expecting WiFi. The fact that the place uses an ethernet cable symbolizes how outdated the hotel is. On the one hand, it's nice because it means the internet is not slowed down by peoples' phones constantly downloading stupid crap. On the other hand, how many people are using devices that even have an ethernet port anymore?The Luxor is poorly lit, and it seems there's at least one flickering light fixture on each floor-- reminiscent of a horror movie. The pool is terrible-- too shallow, broken up into small sections as well. They constantly run out of pool chairs (perhaps it helps them rent the mountain of "premium chairs" they cordon off. What irked me the most was that the last morning I was there the water coming out of the faucet and shower had so much sediment (or something) that it was literally brown. When I called the front desk they acted like it was no big deal, told me to just let it run, and explained that it resulted from a water outage earlier. Right...
5	They gave me a complimentary suite upgrade which was nice! Mello vibe at this place which I like.
3	I've stayed at the Luxor a couple of times. I don't hate it, I don't love it. I love T&T (Tacos and Tequila). Best happy hour during the week. Delicious and easy on your wallet. The Pyramid Cafe is also good, but only open until 1PM weekdays and 2PM on weekends. What I don't like is the internet here. It's WIRED!  You could trip over the cord in your room if you are not careful. They need to get with the times and get wireless internet. They let you book comps on the weekends and it's pretty easy to get a room, even on busy weekends. They are our last resort hotel, but it's not a bad choice. It could be cleaner, but I've rarely stayed at a hotel that actually looks/feels super clean. I always sense some old smoke residue lingering in the halls and room.  Not the worst place to stay, but in a pinch it will do.
1	I booked a package deal and selected Luxor since it was one of the lowest priced deals. Since i had never stayed there,  I thought I'd give it a try.  Check in was fairly easy. They don't seem so friendly with the guests but that part was alright. My non-smoking room on the 19th floor smelled like a mild cigar. The bathroom and beds seemed really clean.  I actually only have two things that were deal breakers for me: 1) it's a bit too far from the middle of the strip so it isn't the most convenient if you like to go down to the Miracle Mall shops and Bellagio/Ceasar's Palace. Very limited places to eat (with any decent reviews) without having a walk a ways,  2) The air conditioner had a problem during the day keeping it cool in the room due to the glass windows. It seemed the room was probably about 80 degrees inside. I must say it was 100 degrees outside but I need a more comfortable room when it comes to AC.  The room seemed to get somewhat comfortable around 3am.They do have the Titanic exhibit at the Luxor.  I don't plan to go back to the Luxor.
5	I had an amazing weekend here for my cousin wedding. I love this hotel and plan to stay here again.
2	We just got home from a 2 night, 3 day stay at the Luxor. Hubby and I wanted a vacation before we have our baby in February. I saw an all-inclusive package with Luxor that included tickets to Criss Angel, and I was sold since I've wanted to go see that show for ages.Check-In: Was pretty speedy. The line was long but it moved fast, which was nice after a 5 hour drive. Overall it was all very pleasant. The clerk answered all my questions about the all-inclusive pacakage and directed me where I needed to be to get everything squared away.Room: On the advice of friends, we booked a Tower room. I had heard that these rooms are more modern and have a bathtub, the pyramid rooms don't and are older. I was thrilled with the room. It was spacious. The bed was super comfortable. The bathroom was huge, with a big bathtub. Except that the room doesn't have Wi-Fi, or really any internet access that I could find at all. If you want to use the Internet you have to use one of their public terminals down on the casino floor, where anyone could look over your shoulder. That was really annoying and outdated.Buffet: Part of our package was all-day passes to the Luxor buffet and the Excalibur buffet. Here is where it started going downhill. I was informed that the Excalibur buffet is closed for remodeling, so we can only use the Luxor buffet. Okay, they should have changed that on their offer page, but whatever.Shows: Here is where I really started to get angry. Apparently, Criss Angel was on vacation for the whole week....so no Criss Angel show. So, why exactly did no one call me and let me know that? Or, I don't know, sync the show page with the booking page to SHOW ME that there was no Criss Angel shows that week? Hello, this is ridiculous, that was the whole reason I booked the package to begin with! They said they would "try" and get me tickets to something else instead. Oh no dear, I'm getting tickets to a show. We got tickets to Jabbawockeez instead. And I was irritated further when everyone insisted on telling me "It's really a better show than Criss Angel anyway." Shut up, seriously. I paid because I wanted to see Criss Angel, just say you're sorry it wasn't handled better and move on. The Jabbawockeez show was really good, I enjoyed it. It was fun, energetic, and really was worth the time and hassle.Titanic: This exhibit was pretty good, it wasn't as great as I expected but it was fun. I don't think I'd go again but didn't regret the time spent.Bodies: This was fantastic, the highlight of the trip for sure. It was absolutely fascinating and I would go back on a return trip for sure.Spa: Part of my all-inclusive package was a "day pass" to the spa. No one could tell me what that actually meant, so I had to walk over to the spa and asked. It was a pass to use the sauna and whirlpool tub for the day. Well, that's great but I can't do that because I'm pregnant. If someone had told me before what the day pass actually was I'd have booked a spa service separately, but instead they were all booked. Timeshare people: I have never in my life been more harassed than when I stayed here. We would literally have to dodge 3 groups of timeshare hockers just on the way to the buffet! Yeah I don't want to sit in a meeting for your timeshares for 2 hours just to get cheap tickets to a show. And they will follow you and hound you with questions. We visited a few other casinos on our trip and didn't get bothered at all, or very rarely. But at Luxor it was constant.Complaint handling: Needless to say, after the buffet trouble, the spa trouble, and the Criss Angel show trouble I was not happy and asked to speak to a manager. According to her, the Criss Angel show was cancelled the day we arrived due to an emergency....okay then why does the show page show the show being out for the whole week then? Not just starting the day before? Management tip #1: Don't lie to make your customers feel less ripped off. Then she again repeated that the Jabbawockeez show was so much better anyway that we really got lucky. Yeah, great, except we didn't want to see the Jabbawockeez show! We wanted to see the Criss Angel show! Then she offered to comp us the "resort" fee of $45, so about 10% of the overall price of the package. I thought that was a pretty pathetic attempt to appease us. Every problem we had was because THEY failed to communicate, yet they seemed to feel no need to make that right.Bottom line, we will not stay at Luxor again. They can't even update their offer page when unexpected things happen. They can't give customers accurate information on check in (no one told us about any changes to the package we'd originally booked). And then their attempts to make their mistakes right were pathetic. Next time we'll stay somewhere else and buy the Criss Angel tickets when we arrive.
5	We had a great time at this place! Our room was spectacular, it had a built in hot tub with a view of the strip. The buffet was awesome. The staff was great, the parking convenient. The casino and amenities were great. We loved the whole pyramid theme, it was a lot of fun. There might be better on the strip, but for the value this place was fun and overall the pros far outweighed any cons. There were no major problems. The only minor issue was that there was a bit of a line to check-in, but it moved quickly and the wait wasn't horrible. There were minor things here and there that could have been cleaned sooner or used upgrades, but when dealing with a major hotel and casino resort that does as much turnover as this place does as well as handling as many drunken college kids as it does, I'd say this place does pretty well. Great value on the strip, a lot of fun and great rooms add up to five stars for me.
2	I recently stopped by the Luxor to watch the Jabbawockeez show. It's the one pyramid hotel with the light shooting up. It's the south part of the strip next to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. There is a free tram to get to the 3 different hotels since the 3 hotels are all part of the same branch. There's a huge sphinx you can take a picture of when you're waiting for the tram. The casino is pretty old and you can tell it is old. There are a lot of workers who approach you for "free tickets."  We asked a worker to direct us to the box office and he did, then started to persuade us for who knows what. I think it's some time share or presentation. Regardless, we got approaches by them ALL over the casino. It got really annoying. Games were average. It's all personal preference. I won't be staying here anytime, probably ever.  It's far from the other hotels and casinos I do like.
2	My wife and I came to Luxor to watch Jabbawockeez. It's been a while since I've been here. When we first got there, we didn't know where the box office was so we asked a worker for help. He told is where it was then tried to sucker us into a timeshare meeting. We already knew about those people that try to get you to do a meeting to get free or discounted show tickets. So we were prepared to say no. It started to become a habit each time we walked by those timeshare workers. They would always bother you asking if you wanted discounted show tickets. It happened multiple times while we were there. This was really annoying as they are waiting in the walkways to prey on the people who don't know. This is something that will probably make me not come back here. The casino itself is ok. Nothing really exciting about this place. It feels nostalgic being there since I remember coming when I was a kid to ride the rides and watch the shows. It doesn't seem like they've upgraded this place and it's stuck in the past. I give this place 2 stars due to the annoying timeshare people that harass you nonstop!
3	Got a great package deal on price line to stay at The Luxor for three nights. We arrived about 5 hours before check in and planned on dropping our bags off at the front desk and to then hit the town. When we got to the check in desk we were told the hotel were doing early check ins as a courtesy! As we walked through the casino someone approached us asking if we were single and if they could give us a voucher. Neither one of us (my friend and I) are, so we said no thanks and went on our way. We stayed on floor 20 and the elevator may make you somewhat uneasy since its going up sideways because of the pyramid shape of the hotel.  Our room was spacious with a lovely view of the pool and the mountains. We had a shower with absolutely no shelving for our bath products, which was a hassle. There was no mini fridge, coffee pot, or microwave. The view from the hallway was of the mezzanine, which was pretty cool. There are endless slushie stops, a food court, and a few restaurants inside the hotel. Oh, and three Starbucks! There are a few 24 hour convenient shops that will attempt to rob you blind charging $11 for a bottle of Advil. I would recommend stopping by one of the Walgreen's on the strip if you're needing anything like that.My friend and I were harassed every time we attempted to pass through the hotel. I'm not sure who these people even work for but they're wearing suits and they stand at different parts of the hotel (mainly around the casino) and attack any innocent passerby with, "Where are you ladies from?" "Are you ladies single?" By the end of the trip we had been approached by so many of these people I was just looking at them and shaking my head no as soon as they would open their mouths.The pool closes as 7:00 pm which is a huge bummer, since we were usually out on the strip later than that. The pool was relatively small with some chained off areas which I'm assuming are for private parties. We only made it to the pool once and for 30 minutes.Overall it was a pleasant experience, but I most likely wouldn't stay here again because of the location. It is at the end of the strip, so walking anywhere takes quite a while.
1	Luxor ruined my vacation. I forgot my favorite dress and blue scarf (one of a kind) in the closet of my hotel room upon checkout. The clothing wasn't expensive but it definitely had a lot of sentimental value and the two items definitely were chic. Since I realized it was gone, the evening after I left, I've been trying to get it back, calling multiple times a day, with no success. I'm certain one of the staff stole it, as the next guest was asked about it and did not see it. It was not reported in lost and found and the bureaucracy of the luxor prevents me from accomplishing anything productive. I even stayed at the luxor a few days later and they wouldn't let me look at the lost and found nor at their database.  If you DO stay here, don't forget anything or else you'll be sorry. Looks like theft among their cleaning staff is pretty regular, and easy.. The system protects criminal behavior after all. Thanks for ruining my vacation, Luxor.
1	stay away from this place. we got in to vegas at 1 am and had the worst experience from the start. the person checking us in at the desk was extremely rude. I spoke to the manage and he was a complete idiot. I had pain for 2 nights on vegas.com and they would not reimburse me for the second night, so I ended up losing 1 night and booked at the PLAZZO instead. WOW what a difference, from customer service to casino atmosphere.do yourself a favor and stay away from this shit hole. also, try to book through the hotel itself as vegas.com does not refund if there is any issues.
1	No Wifi. Cash only for most of the hotel services, such as room service.Pool closes at 7pm. Need I say more???Avoid this place, and it's connected resorts. Unless you have Motel 6 expectations.
1	Wow was this trip an eye opener. BEWARE of GrandView working as a promotional third party company looking to take advantage of you in order to get you to take a tour of their timeshares. We were approached as soon as we entered Luxor by a gentleman named Noel who basically led us over to this counter in the middle of the lobby. NOTE they wear the exact same uniform as the staff who actually works for the hotel. There was no sign on the counter or anywhere to suggest there was a third party involved. We believed we were being greeted and led to a counter to be checked in. Rico behind the desk, basically offered us what we heard as free shows that got turned into requirements that weren't fully disclosed such as paying $50 and going to a 5 hour time share meeting with only their transportation etc. We were scammed. Sherri was the only kind one. I assumed she was the manager. We were told to go to another counter to get our refund cause her booth had no cash. Once we got to that booth, one gentleman tried to shoo us away. In the end we got our money back. Now regarding the hotel. The resort fee is ridiculous especially when you bring your computer and WiFi is supposed to be included and yet you need a cable connection and they do not provide cables at all. They charge $22-$23 dollars per night "at your convenience" for amenities that you may never use. The pool is very small and nothing special. If you want a good chair and the jacuzzi you're going to have to pay $50 for the day. My advice, stay somewhere you're not pressured for your buck.
3	I just had the chance to spend a day at Luxor.  and it was a So-So experience.  I didn't stay over night so i cant say much about the hotel part but I'll share my overall experience of the casino.The gaming floor is a little small. You can walk around the place in like 5 minutes...Maybe a good thing? The first machine i played was some electronic craps. Played a minimum wager bet and a Field bet. Hit double 6's and the machine broke LOL... I had to call a slot attendant over to fix it and they voided my win... Not expected but rules are the rules i guess.The entire staff of Luxor looked like they were miserable and that doesn't really put me in the mood to lay down some real bets. The electronic Black Jack is pretty fun but don't count the house letting you win more than $115 there. Roulette was also a blast. Great odd's and it seems like the most legit electronic machine on the casino floor. I didn't come to win...so anyways..And a yes, what all those other Yelpers say about the people heckling you to buy Time Shares is 100% true. Every time we left and re-entered luxor, we were hassled by oriental women who barley spoke a lick of English about Free this and that. That right there is what dropped my review from 4 stars to 3.Enough of the bad stuff, so they have not 1 but 2 Starbucks!!! Oh and they have a 24/hr Krispy Kreme!! Two of the 3 reasons why I came! They are linked to the Excalibur and Mandalay bay and supposedly they have a Tram that goes back and fourth. The Buffet was pretty decent. The Go-Go dancer that was half naked was different... It looked like she was out of place and didn't really go well with the casino... Not a reason to come back...i would go to Pink Flamingo for that... And lastly, the SKY LIGHT WAS NOT ON!!! I wanted a to see that but i guess they are saving on the electric bill....But yea, i was planning on coming back in November but I really don't think i will be returning.A side note to Luxor - GET RID OF THE TIME SHARE SALES PEOPLE!! One of my biggest reasons why i might not be returning.  Give the staff a pay raise or some free Red Bull because they look like they need it.
4	I just got back from a convention at the Luxor and although I haven't been in Las Vegas in 15 years it was definitely a nice place to stay with easy access to other strip properties and the airport. Only a $15 cab ride to the airport and $23 to Fremont Street it has easy access and inside walk ways to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. The pool is large but no diving due to the deepest part only being 3.5 feet was a let down for me. The best bargain for food is their Deli which is open 24 hours and has great food for breakfast, lunch and dinner if you like casual dining. $6-14 on average plus drinks. The sports book is bigger than many other strip casinos and plenty of table games and slots. Plenty of bars and a nightclub, be sure you wear long pants, collared shirts and dress shoes though. And since they are part of the MGM chain they participate in the MLife awards program but if you play at one casino and get a voucher you can't use it at another casino even if it's in their catalog. I'd go back here if I didn't go to The Golden Nugget, which is much less expensive for everything. We paid $20 to check in early and a few bucks to have the bellmen hold our bags after we checked out. Got a let check out for no extra fee too. The dealers were helpful in teaching us how to play certain games and the sportsbook guys were good at explaining the different wagers. Overall a very good experience. The convention hall was nice and well air conditioned even though it was 100 degrees outside.
5	Stayed here with my wife and when we arrived they didn't have our king room avail. So we got upgraded to a suite with a king bed. The customer service was amazing. All the amenities you could ask for, razor flat iron etc.!!! My wife forgot her purse in the car & concierge went to the car & brought her purse to her! They also gave us a round of drinks and $20 free play upon arrival. I cannot express the customer service. Best I have ever experienced!!! Stayed September 2014, traveled with friends
1	Horrible place. Staff was unfriendly. Room was stinking. Bad deal and a horrible hotel.
1	Its the WORST Hotel&Casino we've ever been!! Just don't go there !!! The staff is very rude, casino rip everybody off , you pay for everyday 23$ for pool and other services BUT where's the service??? Pool is overfilled and there where space is, you have to pay extra !!! For a 10 OZ coke you pay $6 +tax and the Exhibitions sucks!! In casinos is it too freezy and if you stay longer  than 2 nights (dont do that) you get a cold because its as cold as a freezer!!! Only good thing is: 2 of 25 housekeepers are friendly! It doesnt worth! I recommend: go in the most fucked up motel you find - its much better than Luxor !!!!!!!!!
4	My husband and I were married at their chapel location. The staff has always been helpful and attentive. We have always  been able to check in as soon as we arrived even if it was before 3:00pm. Rooms have always been nice, clean and quiet. I always love visiting this hotel,
1	Did you already book?? Okay , you already lost! If you wanna leave without your pants, just go to luxor!!!! Omg everyone i know, is the same meaning! If you wanna win money and pay normally prices, go to Primm!!! Buffalo bill :-)
3	I don't really know what people do here. It's not a bad place if you have kids that like the fact that it's a pyramid,But it's problematic how it's across the street from anything.There's a titanic exhibit. But that's about it in terms of tourism appeal.
4	I have stayed at the LUXOR numerous times.  Great experiences all around.  Having stayed in a double queen bed room in the Pyramid once (kinda cool to do one time), I now prefer the newer and a bit more spacious rooms you will find in the Tower.The food court is great for breakfast at reasonable prices and done fairly quickly. If you're on a meal break here at the LUXOR in the Business Center, you know what an issue it can be to get a quick meal anywhere on the LV Strip. Cool Note:The lines at the 2 Starbucks (they don't accept Starbucks Gift Cards, fyi.) can get long in the morning Coffee Commute hours.  Venture upstairs to the food court and you can get a better coffee at McD's in half the time and at a better price!
4	I had never stayed at the luxor but even as a kid always wondered how it would be to stay at the pyramid, and I gotta tell you it was great. The service was very good from the staff and room service, when we checked in we were upgraded to a bigger room than the one  I booked at no cost. The rooms were clean and very  nice looking reminded me of the Egyptian theme at each glance. Overall I would definitely stay here again I really enjoyed the hotel onely downfall is it's a bit far from the strip
2	Came here for a few days on a last-minute trip to Vegas. My buddy is a pilot, so I scored some inexpensive First Class airfare and made my way to Sin City. I have always been curious/fascinated with the giant Pyramid on the Strip, so I figured, why not, I'll give this place a try.Pros: -------* Live piano players in the lobby. That's awesome. As a professional piano player myself, I have great respect for establishments which employ piano players. Go Luxor.* The gentleman who was directing those of us checking in where to go. He was friendly, and talked with each guest, so waiting didn't seem so bad. He even remembered me the next few days and said "hello" each time.* Being upgraded to a Luxury Suite. That was pretty cool.Cons:--------* There's no delicate way to say this, so I'm just going to come right out and say it: there were several white, crusty, semen stains on the carpet. If that wasn't gross enough, they were near the window. Eww. Some peoples' kids. I made note of this to the Front Desk, and they said they would create a "work order". Someone came up to look at the stains later on, but then he said he had to go "work on a special project" and someone else would come up. No one else ever came up. The stains were there all 3 nights I stayed. I never walked barefoot on the carpet.* Overall friendliness of staff/management was lacking.* Neighbors in Suite next to me were extremely loud (2 Brits and 1 Russian) to the point I needed the TV in my living room on 24/7 to cover their voices. Additionally, they smoked in their rooms and in the hallways, which then made the entire wing of rooms smell like smoke. My room reeked like smoke to the point I went out and purchased air sanitizer spray.* Time share people. They were everywhere. Such a buzzkill! I don't remember seeing them in any other casino I've stayed at before!My thoughts:-----------------Let's focus on the overall friendliness of staff. If you take the time to read other Yelp reviews, you will notice a consistent theme is the poor attitude of staff and management. If multiple people are Yelping about it over an extended period of time, there is probably some validity to their claims. I realize the Luxor is not the Bellagio, or Caesar's Palace, or SLS. It is geared toward a different demographic and clientele. That said, there is absolutely no excuse for poor attitudes on the part of the staff. For example, I called housekeeping one morning around 2:00 am because I wanted to make coffee, but I had no coffee cups in my room. When I spoke with a Hispanic gentleman in Housekeeping, he told me to use the glass cups instead. This is a perfect example of poor attitude. No, the guest should not have to use glass cups for coffee (which can break due to the heat, and which are extremely hot when filled with hot coffee). So I did use the glass cup, and I burned my fingers. The next day, when I mentioned this to my housekeeper, she apologized profusely and told me I should never had been told that. This incident, in and of itself, is not a game-changer for me, but the bodily-fluid-stained carpet I had, the poor attitude from concierge, the fact I barely slept my 3 nights there because my neighbors were extremely loud, the constant smoking by my neighbors, the lack of a resolution to the smoking issue - when you combine all of these issues - I had a horrible stay at the Luxor. Tell me - why should I return?Back to the issue of great customer service - you don't have to be the most expensive resort on the Strip to give the best customer service. Obviously, when I stay at a 5 star resort (for instance, Pelican Hill in Laguna Beach), I EXPECT top notch service. I expect doors to be opened for me, to be addressed by name, because I am paying for it. But, what if, the employees at the Luxor went above and beyond just because they could?! What if the Luxor became known as the inexpensive resort with 4-5 star customer service? Imagine how the revenue would increase!!Let me give you an example - I love food - and one of my favorite restaurants - simply because of their customer service - is Chick-Fil-A. Regardless of whether or not you agree with their ideologies or beliefs is irrelevant. They are a company who exercises extremely amazing customer service, and as a result, they have overtaken KFC in sales. That is a huge feat, as Chick-Fil-A is only open 6 days a week, whereas KFC is open 7 days. Additionally, KFC has been around longer. But I know there is a world of difference in store quality, cleanliness, food quality, and most importantly, customer service between KFC and Chick-Fil-A. So I drive 12 miles each way when I want chicken, even though I have a KFC less than 2 miles away.The point is, with simple training, motivation, and a boost to employee morale, Luxor could become the "it" place for great customer service on the strip.
1	Went to Las Vegas for the first time this past weekend. So much went on, its just easier to do it this way:THE GOOD: the bed in the room was comfy (it was a king), the sheets were clean and the pillows were soft. The area in the front entrance was nice looking with the statues and water. The food court was great and we enjoyed the Bodies and Titanic exhibits which I defiantly recommend! The folks at the mLife counter were super helpful!THE BAD: everything else! The timeshare creepers who kept stopping us EVERYTIME we walked by even without me making eye contact. Just stop! We were charged a daily fee for "extra amenities" which was to include in-room internet and the use of the pool (which I didn't even use. Why charge me for something that I don't use?!?!). The internet part sucked considering I needed wifi for my iphone so all weekend it was hard to pick up a decent signal. Also there was no coffee pot or mini fridge which can be found in you average Marriott hotel nowadays, but for a luxury hotel on the strip... I guess those were not considered basic needs which caused us to eat at their food court and spend even more money.THE UGLY: the elevator was horrible. It was very rickety and caused my husband and I to topple into other people while in there. The back door of our hotel bathroom was covered with dark finger smudges and a few red smears of goodness knows what. I had to wipe the door down before I felt clean enough to use it. Our room towels were really grungy and needed to be replaced. My husband forgot a comb so we called the front desk and they directed us to their 24/7 store where we HAD to buy one at $5. Seriously?!?! Most hotels would give you a little free complimentary one if you forgot yours.Overall I will not be returning. I would rather stay at a Motel 6! Don't waste your money!!
2	I have stayed here a few times, why? Well they always have great deals and its on the strip... but I always forget how much I hate it until I get there. Now I know some people love the novelty of staying in the pyramid, but if you suffer from any kind of vertigo, you are going to hate it. The elevator ride is a memory I will never forget and just thinking about it makes me feel slightly nauseated. And the room with the slant? Yeah no... not that great to stay in for an entire week. The room was clean but there was always constant noise out in the hallway. Not conducive for a sleep environment but the black out drapes are probably the best in Vegas. If I ever stay here again, I will opt for the quieter tower rooms as opposed to the pyramid rooms. I do love the all you can drink buffet during select hours.
5	I've been to Vegas numerous time and always stayed at the MGM but this year me and my lady decided to stay at the Luxor this year for 5 days and had a great experience all around. the service was great, hotel was nice  and it's family orientated. We love the whole  pyramid look....our only down fall was we book a queen bed but got double beds other then that the experience at the hotel was top tier .....keep up the good work
4	I Stayed Here For My First Time 9/21-9/23/14. And I Would Have To Say The Reviews Are A Little Harsh. I Used My My Vegas Coins To Cash In On This Room And Got A Good Deal. We Stayed In The Pyramid Double Queen On The 26th Floor And Loved It. The Room Is A Good Size With A Stand Up Glass Shower, Flat Screen TV ( A Good Size Screen To Watch From Your Bed) And Very Comfortable Beds. The Air Works Very Well So Good We Had To Turn It Off Because It Got A Little Too Cold. Housekeeping  Was Really Good When It Came To Making Sure We Had Plenty Of Towels. The Check in Process To A Little Long, But I Think I was Just Antsy To Get In My Room And Head To The Floor For Drinks After That Car Ride. But Give Luxor A Chance! They Even Give You A Coupon Book With Deals, Take The $20 Drink Coupon To FLIGHT Bar And Get Some Good Drinks, Paul The Bartender Is Awesome. Thanks Luxor I Had An Awesome Time! I Will Be Back!
4	I just spent four nights at the Luxor and I feel like, after reading all the other negative reviews, I have to offer some common sense.This is not a great Vegas hotel. It's not the Bellagio or the Venetian. The rooms are in the same general category as a mid-range hotel: think La Quinta. But seriously,for the prices, who can complain considering that I've paid $80-$100 a night for chain hotels along the interstate. This is a solid mid-range or even budget option (I got rates for $42 a night, plus the de rigeur resort fee) if you're looking for a decent place to stay on the Strip.The "Pyramid Deluxe" room was clean, had no odor and was quiet. The staff was friendly. What more can you really ask for? I would gladly return here again. If only I hadn't blown so much money on the slots it would have been an all around awesome experience, but hey, it's not Vegas if you don't leave just a little ashamed.  ;-)
2	The wait to check into the room was long, the room was okay and the price was reasonable,  but I wouldn't stay at the Luxor again because of the long check in time after a long flight, the slots stink, no freebies or anything to entice you to come back
3	First of all I did not receive the room I reserved.  Did get an upgrade to the east tower, rooms remind me of a typical Holiday Express, only more expensive.Rooms are dark, maybe brighter bulbs.Rooms do not have Internet access or even wifi.  Cell reception is spotty at best, don't know if it is the area or the hotel.Staff was friendly and always smiling,  Hallways are confusing.Second floor is where the shows are located.  And McDonald's.Next time I will stay on the north side of the strip.Upside, I'm changing to Mandalay Bay today.
4	We stayed here 3 nights. And considering the very low  rate, this was a nice hotel.  Some people say it looks dated. Duh. It's supposed to look like Egyptian times.  Now, the place IS a bit worn, but I have to consider the rate.  Our room was a king in the east tower.  I was told by the desk that those rooms were in newer condition.  The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and the pillows were nice. The bathroom was clean, not worn and hot water was instant.  Only downside was in room coffee, but I'm sure the want you to head downstairs to buy it, and no in room WiFi.  My 4G service on my phone worked good enough.  If you need WiFi, just head downstairs and hang out in one of the food court areas or Starbucks. After all is said, I would stay here again in a minute.  Also, watch out when you are looking at rates.  The hotel, as most in Vegas, adds a $20/day resort fee.
1	It was all going great! The wait at valet parking was short, bellman was so nice and welcoming and then the front desk agent happened. Ayyyy!For starters, how are you going to give us a double/double when clearly we need a King. Oooooh .... you're oversold. Fine, fine ... please provide me a room key so I can shower! That's when it really gets funky! The bathroom was clean, properly stocked with toiletries; however, challenges were immediately encountered with the plumbing in the shower and with the shower head. The water was not draining properly - we were forced to shower with the backed-up water around our ankles - and the shower head had no pressure. A front desk associate was advised of the problem and an engineer was promptly dispatched. Unfortunately, during the unclogging process, our room became permeated with the smell of sewage, which forced us to leave the room for several hours. A HUGE setback in our plans for the evening. The following day, a similar situation occurred, but with the bathtub. The water drained so slowly, that when we returned from our evening out the water had still not completely drained.It would have been ideal if the front desk associate would have been open to accommodating the room change request. We would have been in favor of moving to another double/double. However, the front desk associate indicated that for this request to be accommodated, the plumbing issue would have to be irreparable, and also required additional management approval. Not exactly what an exhausted traveler in need of a shower wants to hear (*sigh*).Also, the line at Starbucks was always far too long. If you know your morning flow, put extra staff on. It's just common sense people! The concierge staff wasn't the best, but at least they tried to assist. I think I see the SLS in my future!
4	I have nothing but good things to say about  my stay at the Luxor.  From the wonderful check in experience to the check out in the end, everything was just right.  A friend told me to ask for an room upgrade with a spa tub.  That was the best $35 extra I had ever paid.  The only bad thing was that the Jacuzzi jets had been turned off and all we had was a large tub in the main room.  This addition made our stay oh so very memorable.  The pool and spa in the back also were quite nice.  I am certainly a fan of the Luxor.  You should try this place too.
4	We received free upgraid to the tower suite! That was really awesome stay. The suite was huge, with jacuzzi. Staff is friendly and always ready to help.Casino is decent.Buffet is one of the best we've been to.
3	This time it was better stay . However , we had asked upon reservation for a cot . It was not in our notes to have one. After returning from a night out it still wasn't there. So at 1 am we had call again for it. It finally arrived sometime between 1:30 am and 4:00 am. We were out.The toilet runs all day long. Annoying to listen to. There are no full length mirrors. Late check out is 12:00 or they charge $85 til 3:00 pm. But, the staff was nice and no plumbing problems this time.
2	My wife and I came to Las Vegas to see a Country & Western concert across the street from the Luxor.  The Luxor is big. It is easy to find.  When we arrived finding the "right" place to drop off the car took a little time to locate.  The staff coming in was very nice and professional. However, the man who checked us in gave us no information, and he kept using the term "guys"  "You guys".  I am a university professor/grandfather and my wife is a physician.  Being referred to as "you guys" was inappropriate and unacceptable. They upgraded us to a "better" room.  When we got to the room, we wondered what we were upgraded from, because the room was clean, neat, yet small.  The room was a surprise.  There was NO coffee pot nor courtesy bottled water in the room.  There was no refrigerator.  There were no pay-per-view movies.  We couldn't find a list of hotel services and locations.  We couldn't find a menu for room service.  After three days, we are still unsure if they have room service.  We looked it up on the Internet and in fact, they do have room service, but you wouldn't know it if you just checked out the room.The Casino is huge, but there are few places to eat, and most have very limited hours.  On Saturday, we got back and couldn't find an open restaurant.  We asked one of the security guards at midnight who told us it was the Deli and a McDonalds.  After roaming for awhile we found a group of restaurants open until one outside the hotel..  The Luxor did a great job getting us to the venue.  There was a shuttle going across the street.  We tried to get information about the tickets and we were given different information.There is no desk in the room.  It is not expensive to stay here, but the lack of amenities and being forced out of our rooms to get any services seemed like we are being encouraged to gamble.  There was no entertainment, no music in the hotel, and my wife and I don't gamble.  I guess we are not the Luxor "appropriate" guests.
5	Stayed three nights on October 2014,great customer service,Steve helped us when we checked in,he was really nice and helpful,got my mlife card that you can use to get a lot of discounts and make points to get even more rewards...room was clean and nice,they have a great selection of food places and their buffet its the best,they have sat and sun unlimited mimosas during brunch,i highly recommend the Luxor!
2	Luxor is a mediocre hotel. You get what you pay for. The price might almost be reasonable if it wasn't for resort fees. Registration took forever but the room was okay. Nothing fancy. I had one major problem with the hotel that dropped it a star which is that I have the most uneasy vibe staying there. I had terrible nightmares, felt on multiple occasions that someone or something was crawling towards me in the bed, and in the morning there was blood on my pillow and sheets that hadn't been there before. Now perhaps I just had a bad feeling and this was all just a weird coincidence but I don't think I will ever stay here again. I was in room 4044 btw.
1	The hotel is massive, many restaurants, great rooms, great pool area. The morning chef at the backstage deli, unfortunately i didn't catch his name.. but he is amazing, always happy and such a kind person, loved going down there for breakfast. The hotel is in a good location and an easy walk to the other hotels.. i love that during the day you can walk through the many joined hotel/casinos to stay out of the heat, but its a lovely walk at night down the strip.Once arriving back in Australia i had realised i had left my brand new never worn $100 jacket in the wardrobe of the room. Of course i contacted the Luxor regarding the recovery of the jacket and all i got in return were emails forwarded between staff members, never a direct email to myself, of course until i put a review on tripadvisor, to which in response i got "Please reach out to us directly at guestrelations@luxor.com so we can ensure this matter is handled appropriately. Thank you for bringing this to our attention, and we hope to have the chance to serve you again in the future."Contacted them directly again and had no response until i emailed them AGAIN two weeks later, this time all i got was that nothing had been found in my room. I will never stay here again. My best friend who traveled with me is a travel agent here in Australia and she will no longer recommend the Luxor to any of her customers so they have lost a lot of business! I work in a hotel myself and know exactly what this industry is like and all i can say is this is absolutely disgusting service and i have never been treated so poorly in my life!
5	Stayed here on my honeymoon & it didn't disappoint! Our suite was amazing and a had great view of the strip in both rooms. There was a soaking tub right next to the window which was amazing and a flat screen TV in both rooms. The king sized bed was so luxurious and the pillows were so soft. The bathroom was really big and the shower worked great. The price was amazing especially for a suite and at check in they gave you a booklet with tons of coupons for shows drinks and food.The hotel had so much to do along with the casino. There were 4 different shows located in the Luxor. Which was great because while my hubby was playing in the casino I went to the Titanic & bodies exhibitions since I wasn't 21. The Luxor was also conveniently connected to the Excalibur and the Mandalay Bay shops.We really enjoyed our stay and will definitely be returning for my 21st birthday!!
3	Ugh! Quick Hit machine malfunctioned and waited for 10 minutes before I had to look for someone to help me.  Fancy hotel but the services doesn't match the exterior/interior.
4	We had four rooms. And stayed in the west tower. One suite and 3 regular rooms. Rooms were nice. Suite was excellent. Hotel staff was very accommodating. We got married there. If there was a storage review for the chapel we would give it 5 stars. Chapel staff was awesome.
4	I loved how we were right by all the places we wanted to go to every night.  Everything was walking distance.  It was so convenient to just walk over and not wait forever in a taxi line.The room was decent.  It didn't look run down like some of the other places I've stayed at.  It had a nice shower.  The only thing negative about this room was that the door knob was coming off; it was loose.  The house-keeping worker was awesome.  She was persistent to clean our room, but of course she was trying to work for a tip. lolFor those who don't know, you must have a room key to self-park.  So you must park in the 15 min parking to get your key upon first arrival at the hotel for check-in.  This would suck if the line is really long.  This makes it very inconvenient if you're rushing to go somewhere especially when you arrive late.  That's what happened to us!
2	Stayed here for the weekend. Last time I stayed here was twenty years ago. This time the novel "Inclinator"ride was rough and rattling. In my room the Curtain did not shut tighy so the morning sun ray woke me up earlier than I hoped for.My bad but my miff is when I locked my self out of the room and had to wait thirty minutes for the security personnel to meet me in front of my room to let me in!  Where there is so much competition as in Las Vegas,  this establishment needs some upgrade work to do.  Otherwise I will try a different hotel on my next trip to LV.
4	Stayed here on a conference rate of $90 per night in the East Tower...All was very acceptable including the quality of the room, food, service, and all the ammenities...the spa and pool were excellent, and the mezz level had easy access to shopping and other restaurant choices...the Egyptian theme in the Luxor surpasses many other casinos that are trying to convey a themed environment....many of the bad reviews appear to be written by folks that only write when they want to complain, or feel a need to trash the entire venue because their bread was delivered late...For top level experience at a bargain basement price, I recommend the Luxor
3	If I were only rating the casino portion of the Luxor, I would give it 4 stars. The tables were always full, with a pretty good crowd and professional dealers. Also, I won a lot of money at the tables so that always makes it a more enjoyable experience. Play at one of the two craps tables and find the one Patrick is working. He will take care of you. I would take a star off due to the smoke. I can not believe you can still smoke anywhere. It's gross. The hotel rooms were pretty poor. Unfortunately I was here for 4 nights for a conference last week. I stayed in the East tower, for reference. How in the world is there a hotel that does not offer wireless? They have an ethernet cable you can connect to, but there is no desk or table, so you have to stretch the cable onto your bed. Even when it is plugged in, it was so loose it kept falling out. Even if I was not there for business I would be disappointed. My room did smell, all the time. There were a couple of dead bugs, maybe moths, in the drawers so I obviously had to keep everything in my bag. Overall, just average. I would stay elsewhere if I had to pick, not my company. Too bad it doesn't matter because it is the strip and people will always stay here.
4	There is one main reason I absolutely adore this place. I am hugely obsessed with Egypt and Egyptian culture. I love the decor and architecture that resembles an actual pyramid. Inside of this pyramid is what is considered the grand view of hotel rooms shaped into what many embassy suite hotels look like inside. Everything from the hieroglyphics, sphinx and tombs collectively creates an atmosphere beyond Vegas. During a stay in the UK I planned to visit Egypt but because of war my flight was refunded. Until I am able to visit Cairo and tour Egypt I'll enjoy this for now. I can go on about this place but unfortunately it doesn't include gambling because I don't partake.
5	I LOVE the Mlife resorts.  I ONLY stay at the MGM resorts international because we always get great service and rewards.   From the check in to our check out we were treated really well and we enjoy our trips to Las Vegas!  I do recommend staying in the remodeled towers and not the pyramid itself. If you are looking for more of a modern style suite.. stay in the towers.   Other than that   drink, gamble and have fun!
1	Stay was ok until our last day when we were getting ready to check out. One word.....'bedbug'....we were shocked to have discovered one crawling on our bed. After the initial reaction of flicking it off the bed, we realized we should retain the bug and report to the hotel staff. After waiting for what seemed to be forever for the receptionist to answer the call to report our findings, they finally answered then sent security up to our room. Again waiting for what seemed to be forever. The security came, we gave him the bed bug for evidence. By this time the bug was seeping blood from probably being flicked off the bed w/ his belly full of human blood. (We know it was a bed bug!) No report was filed because we could not verify that one of us had been bitten. However it seemed pretty obvious considering the blood coming from the bug. In any event we were told to simply get our clothing cleaned and send Luxor the bill. Security left. After thinking about this further we decided to go downstairs to report because we didn't want to send a bill in for the cleaning and them not having anything on record. We went downstairs, took forever to get the manager over. Basically they offered to take ALL our clothing and clean it themselves then 'ship' us the clothing. Seriously? by this time we had already loaded the luggage into our car. Now the car could possibly be infected? not to mention we would be w/out our clothing for like 2 wks. They refused to discount the room and they also seemed to be unconcerned about the incident. It was not taken seriously. Basically they were to shut the room down for the next customer and take our clothes and inspect the room for 'possible' infestation. They said the would call regarding their finding. The fact that we gave the bug to the security appeared to be irrelevant. The bug was the 'evidence' in our opinion. But that didn't mean much to them. Basically I don't feel they took the situation seriously. They didn't care about the car, the luggage or anything else we had brought, except for the cleaning of our clothing. So what would happen if the luggage was infected or anything else was exposed. Cleaning the clothes seemed like only a small portion of what could have possibly been exposed. Our main reason for reporting this, was to report the incident and not have the next customer exposed to this situation. Having us exposed to this bed bug or many more was completely disgusting and made our departure a disappointment. We are left w/ cleaning our car, our luggage and our laundry thoroughly, ourselves. A complete inconvenience.On top of it, they NEVER called us to advised if they found an infestation.  Whether or not they found one, there was absolutely positivity a BEDBUG in our bed.  There lack of not calling us after they said they would shows they DON'T care.   Will never stay here again.
2	Here's an interesting comparison:Wife & I had a business conference in Las Vegas, decided to also spend a few days at one of our favorite natural earth wonders, Zion National Park, about 3 hours from Vegas. The hotel in the tiny Zion Park town of Springdale honored our reservation for a king-bed room, which included a fridge, coffee/tea/hotpot, a full room service menu, an ample complimentary breakfast each morning, and full wi-fi. There's about 15 brand-name and mom-&-pop hotels in the little town outside the park, and all of them offer the same.After 3 days in Zion, checked into the Luxor, a name raising expectations of something "deluxe," on the ultra-modern, high-end-deluxe-hotels Las Vegas Strip. Not so much...Oversold, can't give us the king room we reserved, gotta take queen instead. OK. Fridge in room? Nah. Coffee/tea/hotpot? Nope. Comp breakfast? Whadya think this is, the Ritz? How 'bout in-room Wi-Fi, gotta have Wi-Fi? Er, nope. We've got a long Ethernet cable for hardwire connection, but that's useless for our iPads. Wait...what century is this? A marquee hotel on the ultra-modern Las Vegas Strip, with every kind of digital & neon connection available - hell, even the Luxor pyramid lights up in sequence at night - and no Wi-Fi in the rooms?! "Well we have Wi-Fi in the public areas, down at the casinos & restaurants." Ahh, there's the tip off...As confirmed by my wife and several other Vegas-savvy people (I'm a little slow about corporate manipulation,) the reason they don't have any of these basic in-room amenities is because THEY DONT WANT YOU TO STAY IN YOUR ROOM. Not even for a half-hour, enjoying a hot teas while researching tonight's restaurant on the Web. They want you downstairs, gambling and buying your coffee or tea at one of the 6 Starbucks. Pure corporate manipulation put before comfort first.There have been close to 2000 reviews over many years for this place, and they can never raise above 2-1/2 stars. You get the distinct impression they've done nothing to spruce up the place or invest in better pay for their employees or basic amenities for the rooms. And, talking to the staff, you get the feeling they really don't give a toss, because they know the hotel will stay constantly booked anyway, whether they upgrade or not. Vegas don't care 'bout you, just your wallet.
5	It had been some time since I stayed here and I must say the service has improved.Check in was quick, I had a reservation and I was off to my room.In town for a meeting and training, I got to my room within 10 minutes upon arrival.My rental car was parked to the rear and security was visible.For $62 total, a great room and customer service, I plan to stay here in the future.Thanks Luxor !!!
5	I am giving this place 5 stars because I got more than I was expecting and was pleasantly suprised! I read a lot of bad reviews. I stayed here anyway because this is where the conference was that I was going for. My room was way nicer than described by others. It was in the west tower, 19th floor. Huge tub, marble looking floors, great view, cozy bed. The food the hotel provided at the conference was VERY good! Their desserts were AMAZING! The only complaint I have was the hotel was so cold, my room a/c was on super cold when I arrived and it took it like a day to warm up, probably cuz of the marble floors. I am normally not a cold person either. Nevertheless, I would not hesitate to stay here again, and I'll request the west tower.
3	This hotel was pretty, clean and the m life desk people are awesome with customers service. But it has some downfalls.One the jacuzzi is closed by 6pm! We want to go out have fun then take a dip and go to bed. You sleep way better after a dip in the jacuzzi but that's not going to happen here.Two I had no idea I was a M life member they could of told me at check in. Three we got our room and it had 2 queens beds so we called down to the front desk 1st person said all king beds were taken the second time we called oh they had king bed available. What happened in the two seconds between calls you may ask? Well the king bed are in the towers not the pyramid. The second person was nice enough to think about giving us all our options. Four the bell desk will come up and pick your laundry up but when it's done you have to go get it. Overall it wasn't a nice place to stay.
4	A little too pricy, but the rooms are nice and clean. The staff is pretty friendly. Except for super annoying people offering discounted  tickets for a "two hour" timeshare presentation, which turns into 5 hours at least
4	Stayed at the Luxor last weekend i stayed their for 3 nights & 2 days in the west tower 6th floor pay about 500$. Got to say i was impress with the room & the casino service everything is on point, I read the reviews here in yelp and i read a bunch of negativity on this casino but i still gave it a shot and i'm satisfy i can neatly say i'll be back. LoL. House keeping is on point the concierge is on point the employees at the pool are very attentive to your needs! and the Egyptian feeling you get staying here where the units are like mazes are pretty dope!  #yougetwhatyoupay4
4	Stayed here on my most recent Vegas trip and loved it. It's affordable and while it does have a gimmicky feel, it still feels chic unlike some of the other themed hotel-casinos on the strip. The pyramid gives the room a unique and spacious feel, and while a couple of pieces in the room are in need of updating overall it feels modern and clean. Had no issues with the staff, check-in, wifi, and enjoyed the nice flatscreen TV in the room. Would stay here again!PS- play myVegas on Facebook for access to cheaper rooms. After just a few hours I was able to get the weekend rate to $65. Do it, and embrace the MLife!
4	This was my place of stay while I was in Vegas. Hotel is located at beginning of strip and is connected to Excalibur and Mandalay bay. Beautiful on the inside (lobby area is one of the better looking on the strip) and they do have great people serving you. Rooms are a good price and a nice size. They have everything you need in here (pool parties, food court, restaurants, lax nightclub and so much more). Also if you stay at the hotel, they do give you a huge coupon book for savings and free entry/thing to different stuff. The thing I love most here is the Egyptian theme that the hotel has. A good place to stay in Vegas and one of the more affordable ones.
2	Stayed 1 night. The check-in process was quick process but charged $20 for early check-in.  We sent to elevator B when it should have been A. We asked to stay on same floor with our friends & was told it would be $40 so employee placed us on the floor below our friends. Employee told  us would be next to the elevator to meet our friends.  Room was not near any elevators. Room has no reception for cell phone.Luxor is ok.
2	pros - great staff, hotel is cleancons - beds were god awful, those mattresses should have been retired 20 years ago, on, wasnt even fit to lay onno coffee pot, really not even a $5 brewerthe used car salesmen pushing " comp" tickets, which really means you pay, and they are persistent, I would stay at circu circu before here again
3	We stayed in the pyramid. It is a novelty thing. The slanted windows make the rooms a bit different.  The windows are black and absorb heat. The AC works very hard. The AC will be constantly running. Our friends had the honeymoon suite. Even with two AC units, the room was barely cool. I would suggest the towers.The pool is nice. We used one of the cabanas for a more private pool. ALL of the pools are only 3 feet deep. You will be walking around on your knees all day. The location of the hotel is great but the shallow pool is a deal breaker.
5	I typically either stay at the Venetian/ Palazzo or the MGM Grand. Time does indeed fly as when I try to park my car at the North valet, it had been closed for years and was just used for limousines!I was thrilled to see that despite the renovations to the casino area and common areas, that I had left the good stuff like the fabulous art intact, but added a plethora of new dining options and many exciting bars and clubs. I also appreciate the fact only Luxor is proudly LGBT friendly, and even host a swim party during the summer months.My room in the tony East tower was so comfortable, modern and inviting.....that I spent most of my time during the day in it! but then again I had to work remotely during the day. I was thrilled to find out that the room had a wired internet connection. not only was this vastly faster than wireless, it was safer and even faster than my connection at work!The furnishings in the room more outstanding and in pristine and like new condition. And so very clean! I fell in love with the comfortable bed and crisp clean white linens!Service is what makes or breaks any business, and this is where Luxor totally trumps the Las Vegas Sands properties and by now second favorite MGM Grand. every possible interaction with a staff member what a pleasure. and if you needed anything special it was delivered in less than 5 minutes. Amazing!What are remembered very quickly after not visiting in about 6 years, was how quickly and easy it was to get to your room. because of the layout of the east and west towers, you are never further than  ten doors from your room. and the tram to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur always ran on time and was such a convenience when visiting other MGM properties.Lastly, I wanted to thank the MGM Grand Corporation for the impressive payouts are received on the slot machines. winning $1,000 made me do a happy dance!I am already planning my next visit to Luxor!
3	STAY AWAY FROM #4147In my 15 years of travel for work/pleasure I have never had to change a hotel room due to it being haunted-until last week. Luxor room 4147 has some bad juju going on. It was dark and heavy and felt like someone committed suicide in that room a few days before my arrival. At night my bed would be nudged and I would hear my cologne bottle and other toiletries being moved around in the bathroom. Also I heard what sounded like plastic bags being dropped all around my room during the night. Very strange and unsettling. When the Luxor gave me a new room it was a night/day difference. The lady "Kitty" at the front desk was understanding to my situation and seemed to have heard about this problem room before. Stay away from 4147.
1	First time here, I find a used condom on the floor, bodily fluids, could be hiv aids ebola, disgusting! Two managers felt that it wasn't a big deal, and manager Emily says, "you only found one?" What?! How many condoms do you have to find to ask for a new room! Wow, way to take care of your issues.
3	Pretty big hotel and friendly staff.... You can tell this place is very old by the look of the door and tiles in the bathroom... Standard rooms are nice... Nothing special..... Good place for the price
2	First time to vegas.. A little disappointed with my first time staying in the Luxor. Check in took about 45 minutes, only 2 employees for about 15+ people in line..   Our room was below mediocre with lots of issues. I tried to get our room AC unit fixed 2 times and finally gave up.. I had to speak with someone about changing our room. The Upgraded room in the tower was much nicer. The pool area seemed to always be dirtied with cigarette butts everywhere, every morning. Don't think I would stay here again.
2	Stayed here in a bind...crappy pool, crappy dining, boring view...plus side nice bathroom...overall I'd rather stay at The Quad which is a dump but in the middle of EVERYTHING!!!!!!
3	Stayed here in a double queen room on 8th floor over looking good court. While quiet at night certainly nothing spectacular to look at inside or outside the hotel. After all one goes to Vegas for fun outside the hotel room but it would have be nice to have a cool view of the city day or night. All in all it was an OK experience. There are few dining choices at the Luxor. If you walk past the food court and into Mandalay Bay there are several more dining choices that probably meet your needs not yo mention sports bars. Internet service is non existent in the room while in public spaces a bit better but sluggish. I found when at other hotels or casinos internet speed was normal. I as well as my friends using Sprint and Verizon had terrible cell phone call quality with missed and dropped calls in the room. Would I return and stay here again, 50-50. There are other hotels with similar pricing and better amenities that would be on my radar.
2	Came her mainly to see Criss Angel, his show was amazing! He gets four stars. Upon checking into the room I felt gross, & came across two used Q-tips...the table had smudges on it. I called the FD & they apologized & moved me immediately. The new room was much better felt a lot cleaner. The structures & shape of the building are beautiful, however I think the rooms really  need an update, also there was no complementary water & there was no wifi... only Dial up!?  Also we our last night we were dying of dehydration & I called the room service & a Large bottle of Aquafina was $14 are F****** kidding me...we drank tap water with ice...lol....
1	The Luxor is a tiered LV hotel. The rooms are not updated but what bothered us the most was the bad smell, which management tries to mask with large quantities of air fresheners.
4	Checked in tonight, the room we were originally given did not meet our expectations. Sean at the front desk was very accommodating and went out of his way to make sure that we had everything we needed.  Can't wait to see how the rest of our stay works out.
4	We stayed in the West Tower on the 10th floor - I am going to give you a tip that will make reading my review worth it. Pull up to Valet instead of self parking . It's Free + tip like a buck or two you will avoid driving around in circles and having to park far from the room- I also liked the Men's Spa it was $15 for the day you can use the Steam room, Sauna , and Jacuzzi .
5	I just stayed at the Luxor over the weekend. Friday-Sunday and I loved it. All the times I've gone to Las Vegas Luxor is the hotel I enjoy to stay at. Even if it's one of the older hotels on the strip I prefer the Luxor. We stayed in the Tower Luxury Suite and I was beyond impressed by the room. It was spacious and very nice. Another thing I love about The Luxor is Evening Call, idk why but I prefer there beverages over Fat Tuesday. There staff all and all is very helpful and respectful.
2	Comfortable but dated rooms but below our expectations.   Stuck on 5th floor w no view and only good aspect was close to quick elevator.   $23 daily "resort fee" was a Total ripoff as they don't even have WIRELESS internet in rooms.  Pools were too far away and only open short hours.   For the $$ we spent, we expected much better.   Casino ok and Tacos and Tequila restaurant was very good!!
1	Let me just say that this is an HONEST 1 star.  I'm actually currently staying the hotel for a business conference, and we all know how much it takes an exceptionally great experience, or a terrible experience to leave a review out being prompted.Pros: The Front Desk staff is great, Including the manager. That's it.Cons: Room is a cave even though I upgraded to the "Players Suite", no WiFi in rooms and that would be okay if the room had cell reception, dated everything, restaurants are mediocre, pool sucks, oh and I just tried to call the front desk to see if there's a cancelation policy so I could move over to Mandala Bay and I sat with it ringing for 5 minutes...SERIOUSLY! Stay somewhere else.  **Management Note** If I deter one person from staying here, with that lost revenue you could have paid for 5 WiFi routers that would have increased this to 2 stars because I could at least work from the room.
2	Just checked in and found out that there's no wifi in the room, no HDTV and you'd think they'd offer a discount or credit to us disabled veterans on Veteran's Day Weekend. .... never stay here again.
4	I stayed at this hotel for 3 days and enjoyed it very much. The hotel itself, and the rooms were clean and modern. The lobby and casino are nice and well kept as well. There's a small food court area and a bar/restaurant, but not too much going on. I would recommend staying here, it was very nice, especially for the price. The only not so great thing in my opinion is the location. It's towards the end of the strip, so it's not in the middle of the excitement and entertainment.
2	Stayed in towers during a conference. Room was big. Not in room wifi. They charge a resort fee of $30 that includes in room internet. Was told after check in it was only wired but there's no wire in the room. I asked front desk for one and was told someone would bring it up. It never showed up. I'll never stay with them again. Felt ripped off by the resort fee and they forgot to also mention outdoor pool was closed too so much for being a resort.
1	Customer service at this hotel is awful and the whole entire place is overpriced. Here's my experience short n sweet. I stayed there is 2011 a couple of times. Payed $100+ per night for this so called 4 star hotel and casino (not even close to that) Anyway I have been receiving emails since then saying I have 2 comp. Nights.I just called and talked to a rude customer service agent and she said that she couldn't find that deal and said basically I was exaggerating. When I come to Vegas I like to go big and have a good time. So let's just say I have spent a decent amount of money with Mlife. Well I guess this is how they do business and I will never stay at a Mlife casino again and will never drop one penny in any of their casinos. Great job u just lost a loyal customer. Maybe send your customer service good squad to the Bellagio to learn the real way to stand by your advertisements and don't try to bait and switch someone that is ahead in the game. Stay away from these guys!! Hope this helps
2	This was our second time to stay at Luxor. Seven years ago, we stayed in the pyramid after a busy holiday season. We'd requested an early check-in after driving in from Los Angeles, and I thought that the smudges on the windows, the stale air and the light coating of grime could be attributed to the rush to get things ready earlier after what must've been a busy New Year's Eve crowd. However, arriving for a regular weekend in November that was not connected to a peak travel event, I'm not able to give them the benefit of the doubt this time.Luxor wouldn't have been our first choice, but because they had offered a fantastic rate and our activities were planned closer to that end of the strip, we felt we couldn't pass up the opportunity. We hadn't been through the doors in seven years, but the lobby looked pretty much the same. Not that a hotel has to constantly redecorate, but in a city like Las Vegas where constant change stimulates customer attention, you'd think that it would try to look fresher.The lack of freshness followed us to the higher levels of the pyramid. Looking over the railing while making the long trek from the elevator, the dimness and the sense of uncleanliness makes you think that you're actually in an ancient Egyptian tomb. There were four of us staying in three rooms on the same floor, so I know that I'm not basing our experience on one unfortunate room. As soon as we opened the door, the room smelled of stale smoke in a way that houses smell when every occupant has chain-smoked since 1972. Being part of the pyramid, the windows do not open, and there is no way to circulate fresh air. I awoke each night with the ominous feeling that I will one day be diagnosed with lung cancer from second-hand smoke inhalation, and this particular stay at Luxor will have been the cause of it all. The room's air was cold, but adjusting the knobs only made the room colder over the next few hours. It was 75 degrees outside, and we were wearing jackets inside. One of our group called for maintenance on his air-conditioning knobs, and another commented about some spots on the wall. I had noticed these, too, which makes me think that Luxor prefers the darker earth tones of their chosen patterned wallpaper and carpet so that you don't notice the filth. The furniture, as I remembered it, was the same only more scuffed and scarred than last time. The curtains were soiled where hands had grabbed the fabric to open and close them rather than use the poles. Surely Luxor can afford to replace soiled fabrics and circulate furniture that needs repairing.There was rust around the bathroom air vents, and there was nothing fresh about the bathrooms. I realize the rapid turnover of hotel guests in Las Vegas, but I would think with as much revenue as they generate that Luxor could hire more cleaning staff and block off sections for regular inspection and deeper cleaning. At the very least, the cleaning staff should be trained to look up occasionally so they might see the collection of cobwebs above the bed, which were the first things I saw each morning. Perhaps the goal of all Las Vegas hotels is to encourage you to get out of the room and spend money, and maybe the Luxor goal is to make your room so repulsive that you don't want to return until the last possible moment. However, you should feel like you can relax in your room without having to put on a Hazmat suit.I'm giving Luxor two stars because the friendly and courteous staff prevented the stay from being completely awful.
5	Everybody that stays here complains about how old and outdated the rooms are .. but its a pyramid  for crying out loud .. hahahaha a long time ago was one of the few places with a club inside and was awesome .. now its almost as a dump as Circus Circus :)
4	Everything from check in to the concierge was a great experience. Only reason I'm give four stars is half the pyramid elevators weren't working so waiting for an elevator was sometimes quite long. Loved that it was on the "quieter" end of the strip. Only complaint is that we arrived on a Wed at 1030 AM and had to pay $20 to check into a room early.
5	Play myVEGAS & get two for one tickets for all kinds of shows here.  Absolutely worth every penny of the $60 we spent on Fantasy tickets!I've stayed here before my suggestion,  don't stay in the pyramid. It's dingy. Stay in the tower & you'll be fine.  You can book amazing deals on Mlife.com for MGM PROPERTIES.
5	I'm surprised to see so many poor reviews for The Luxor and that it has an overall 2.5 star rating. I guess it was written by people who were born on the lap of luxury, or expect from reality due to the fantasy of glittery advertising. As for me, I did my research in advance and knew very well that in exchange of a lower price I would get a hotel that is a bit farther along The Strip and rooms that look the same as ten years ago. But so what?! When you go to Vegas, do you go to stare at a beautiful room and sleep in a comfy bed all day? In that case, you're better off investing on a good mattress for your home than a trip to Vegas. As for me, I go to venture out and explore. A room is a room, just to unwind from the day, have fun, and get ready for the next day of adventure-- not a museum or gallery to admire. The lobby and everything else in The Luxor  charming, like just out of an Egyptian museum, a feast for the eyes of any lover of ancient Egyptian culture and history. The customer service was as good as can be, anything more would be as fake and robotic as American retail culture itself. I love the thrill of the elevators that go sideways, the views from 22nd floor, the fact that it's connected to Excalibur, which is connected to NYC... it was all as lovely as the views of the pyramid from afar.
4	I must start by saying that the visit was surprisingly descent because I wouldn't normally choose to stay at a lower budget property but being that it was only for one night I didn't think too much into it! Booked my reservation through MLife and upon arriving I stood in the dedicated MLife line. Now usually this line is shorter and moves a bit faster than the general line but I was less than satisfied at the fact that as soon as I arrived there was one 1 front desk agent working with more than 6 people in line including myself. I'm pretty understanding with waiting to check in but this time was absolutely ridiculous! I timed my wait and it took 18 minutes to check in and as I stood in what should've been an expedited VIP check in line as I watched the regular check in and they were moving faster! I would've been better off going in that line! Nonetheless I continued to wait and FINALLY I was called up by a fantastic front desk agent by the name of Crystal I believe! She was very professional and courteous! I think she could see the frustration on my face from the wait but once i was recognized as being a valued MLife member and upgraded to a nicer room my whole experience took a turn for the better :-) the Players suite in the east tower was more than I expected! Good Job Crystal!! So glad I chose to stay and will definitely book this kind of suite or better next time!  The room itself was spacious all though some of the furniture was a bit worn it didn't take away from the nice view and very comfortable bed! Look forward to returning sometime in the near future!
5	Fab hotel. Rooms look great. Only downfall is that it is a little bit of the strip. Not the best if your gng to vegas to party, kind of a quiet hotel.
3	I got 2 nights free from MyVegas.  Well "free" got me: - A room in the pyramid, 2nd floor, view of the back of the building.   - The beds were nice and soft - I liked the pillows.  - The blowdryer was about to die or take off in flight.  It kept making a sound like a piece of metal was stuck inside, and a burnt smell came from it. - The iron leaked water all over the clothes, even though, there was just a little water in it.   - We played slots, which paid out pretty much nothing, and no drink girl in site, ever!  We had to buy our own drinks while gambling.  All I paid was the $22/night resort fee, which is nice, but I wouldn't pay to stay.  We usually stay at the Stratosphere and I think I like staying there better.  Sorry Luxor.
2	Checked in to a room that the bathroom was not clean bugs were on the floor concierge staff was very rude. Would not have stayed if it were not a vacation package. Will never stay here again
1	This place is a crap hole. Stayed here approximately 4 times and progressively it's gotten worse. We are staying in the "newer" tower rooms. Motel 6 had better furniture. The dresser and nightstand were scratched, chipped and pieces of wood missing. To add onto that joy, every time we came back at night we had to fight for parking spaces and didn't get one tonight. So...we are now in a 30 minute valet line to park. Horrible. And never again will I stay here. Stay anywhere else and you'll have a better experience!
3	Solid, cost efficient hotel. Better than Excalibur, and treasure island. Luxor is almost an entirely interior based hotel, and is unfortunately not very central to the rest of the strip.Massive interior volume, and good restaurants. Pretty easy to navigate compared to other casinos. Rooms are large in size. Was in double bed in pyramid. Decent gym. Equipment could be a touch more modern and it could be larger. Water and towels provided.Big minus = no wifi in hotel room. You can connect via ethernet, but who plugs in their computer to an ethernet cable? My macbook pro doesn't even have an ethernet port.
1	Absolutely the worst resort we've ever stayed at. To start our stay, they downgraded our premiere suite and tried to put us in the luxury suite. Completely insulting since we paid for a premiere suite. Then when they changed it they tried to tell us that unless you've stayed there and know the difference they give you the smaller suite. Is that even legal? Isn't that flat out stealing from your guests? Then the premiere suite was plain and boring. Didn't even have anything in the bar. Like actual empty cupboards, nothing to purchase like every other resort offers. Plus the in room amenities if you can even call them that were cheap and only a shampoo combo, lotion and a body wash. Nothing for the giant tub, no shower cap, no slippers or robes. Anything you would expect basically they didn't have which is super disappointing since not only are we paying for a suite room, we're paying $20 a night resort fee plus tax on the resort fee. So that apparently doesn't cover fancy amenities, decent tv service for games you might be betting or housekeeping. Which brings me to the point that our housekeepers didn't empty the trash out of our bathroom for 3 days. So for 3 days it sat with dirty diapers in it. They also never vacuumed our room or bothered to wipe any surfaces. We even requested them to return to empty the trash on multiple occasions and it still never got done. I wish I could give them the benefit of the doubt that their housekeeping staff alone is just incompetent but I spoke with 3 separate managers, AJ, Brendan and one other whose name I don't recall, and I told all of them and they all said they would put in an order to have housekeeping return. So since the managers knew this and never made sure it got taken care of even though one manager claimed to have visited our room himself, I'm blaming poor management for this.Now most people come to Vegas to gamble and like most people we placed bets particularly on the Thanksgiving weekend games which we expected to be able to follow on tv in our room. Well the 2500 TV they have doesn't get a clear picture. Not clear to the point that we couldn't even read the scores! The 3 "engineers" who came to fix it claimed first it was a setting issue, then said it looked normal, then blamed the cable provider. Even though the tvs in the hotel came in fine. Very upsetting and again dissapointing. Then our 2nd morning here I was woken in the bedroom by Marijuana smoke coming into our room from an "unknown" area of the hotel and after opening our bedroom doors our entire suite smelled like a drug house. Wouldn't have bugged us that much if we didn't have our baby and I wasn't pregnant but we did have a baby and I am pregnant so having that smell overwhelm our suite for the rest of our stay was bullshit  to say the least. Their managers resolution was to move our room, again, which wasn't ok for us since we'd been there already for 2 nights and moving our baby and all of our unpacked things sounded awful. They then reimbursed us for 1 night stay and gave us a food credit which was a nice gesture but couldn't even come close to making us ever ever ever want to return to this hotel.Besides our awful stay, here's a quick review of the food situation.Tender steakhouse: upscale but overpriced for the quality of food and service is slow.Public house: Justine was our server and she did such an amazing job taking care of us and our baby we left her a $20 tip on a $40 check. The food was ok, greasy bar food but decent happy hour prices for vegas.Starbucks: lines are always long and takes forever.Crepe place: awful. So slow and not even close to edible. How do you screw up a frappe? Don't put ice in it.Backstage deli: open 24hrs. French Toast was pancake covered. Gross. Scrambled eggs quesedilla was good the first time but second time had way too much cheese. Cheap food no coffee drinks.Food court: terrible. All fast food and unhealthy food. Krispy creme, McDonald's a bunch of other cheap gross places. If that's your "diet" then you'll love it but if you eat anything of any real substance  this is a nightmare.All in all~hotel gets zero stars but I have to give them 1. I'd never recommend unless I wanted someone to have an awful time!
1	So disappointed.  I booked a tower suite and went with friends who booked a pyramid room.  When checking in they decided we should all be together.  The person at check-in took forever (20 mins?) and finally put us in a pyramid suite (these cost less than what I booked but she never told us that).  I got to the suite and it was terrible.  It was old, the curtains didn't close all the way (what is better than the complete darkness afforded in LV hotel rooms?), the suite was weirdly laid out with a bathtub in the corner under the slanted windows that would have been weird to get into, the suite also was slanted downhill so when in bed you were going downhill. The bathroom door stuck, the toilet seat had a burn in it, and the fan didn't work but was full of dust.  It was pretty gross.  I spent about 10 minutes in there before deciding that I wouldn't be spending the next three days in that room. The elevator to get there is a recipe to vomit all over yourself because of the angle it travels at to get up the pyramid.  I went downstairs and changed back to a tower suite.  That room was SO MUCH BETTER.  I can't believe that they would have kept me in a pyramid suite for the same $$ as the tower suite.  They are drastically different.  Even though the tower suite had blue pillows with what looked like semen dribbles on them, at least the room was temperature controlled and not weirdly 90 degrees like the other one. The mattress was not great, I kind of felt like I was at an old Motel 6. I also thought it was weird that there were no extra blankets or pillows in the room.  The bf and I like different temperatures and I wish there had been an extra blanket for me to not be so cold in the middle of the night. The bathroom in the tower was awesome and had separate bath and shower, but the toilet was not separate and the closet was in the bathroom.  It's a weird setup for someone who wants to get ready in the bathroom but not while someone they are traveling with is pooping. I feel like it is a smaller casino floor than what I am used to which is nice because it's easy to find others you are with.
3	Spacious neat room.....No mini fridge!!! Plus, it's a bit of a hike to get to the room from the parking garage.
3	Good price and location but very smoky. Even in our non smoking room it smells incredibly like cigarettes
1	Disgusting, Gross, Filthy and Falling Apart..  Advertised as Recently Remodeled..  Bwaawaahhhh!!  Who are they kidding....  The shower was literally rusted and falling apart, plus it had Black Mold all around it.  The Vent was filthy, the air conditioner sounded like a freight train running all night and the cloth covered chairs were beyond disgusting and I would not even sit on them.
2	Checked it out for a day. The Titanic artifacts museum was outstanding! Whoever put this all together really did an outstanding job. Truly excellent and well thought out. After spending about three hours inside the museum and reading everything displayed, as well as spending time in the realistic Titanic stage sets like the Grand Staircase and the Promenade Deck, I felt like I had really been aboard! I loved the Titanic museum and would go back a second time to take some friends. However, the main floor, the casino, and the overall facilities themselves seem to be as dated and worn out as the 100-year-old Titanic museum artifacts!
3	Stayed here twice once with a free upgrade to a pyramid suite. The top, as noted by someone else there are no curtains but who can look in? It was most definitely old and needs a renovation, but for $40 per night not bad value. The most annoying thing is no WiFi, they are not alone with this, all the older ones I have stayed at are the same and it seems a rip off considering the resort fee. Have also stayed in the towers and they are a lot better, if you can upgrade to them I would recommend it. Better rooms and fixtures and feels newer and cleaner. I have stayed at other casinos on the strip that charge more for less.
1	The worst hotel experience ever. First, I have to commend the hotel staff, because they were friendly, professional, and helpful. BUT...they can't make up for all the problems this hotel has. My first night there, I was happy with my room in the pyramid. I've stayed here before, so it was as I remembered it. Other than not enough blankets on the bed and no bathtub just a shower, it was a fine room for the money. It was clean and nicely decorated.  Except for the fact that at one-thirty in the morning, I started hearing water dripping in the bathroom, then splashing. It gets louder and louder, until I get up and go  look, and water is pouring through the light fixture in the ceiling. All over the vanity and onto the floor. Pouring. I call the front desk and they have someone there in five minutes. I have to pack up all of my stuff,  and they move me to another room. They tell me I'm lucky, because the room is an upgrade, with a large soaking tub. But the room is not an upgrade, it's a dump. It feels as if they put me in some out of the way, rarely used closet. There is an old fridge in the corner, that has been rolled in on wheels, with bath towels folded up under it to keep it from leaking on the floor. The light over the tub doesn't work, so you have to sit in the dark, since it's in a corner. There are stains on the toilet seat, and stains on the carpet. I was excited for the tub, until I realized the cold water won't turn on. I'm sick of moving, so I try to handle it myself, by pouring ice cubes in the tub. AND then when I walk into the weirdly shaped little dining area, my feet get wet, and I notice the ROOF IS LEAKING from the rain we are having. The carpet is soaked. I really, really, don't want to ask for another room, because I don't want to pack up and move again. But I figure I better at least tell someone. I call the manger- who has left me a voicemail asking how I like the new room- and let her know about the roof leak. Since I don't want to move she offers to comp a night. I ask if she'll comp room service instead, and she does, happily. SO, all in all, I feel terrible for the staff that is trying to do damage control for a building that is not being cared for in any way shape or form. I got the impression they are trying to squeeze every last cent out of the hotel and are just biding their time until it's time to demo it for something new. Also, along the walkways back to the elevator, I noticed what looked like black mold along the corners of the ceilings. Roof is prolly leaking everywhere. Also, the elevators are visibly falling apart in places from the stress of the sideways- it's an inclinator really, not actually an elevator. MGM owns this place, and they should be ashamed of themselves.
2	First the good: it's a very beautiful hotel. And the fact that it's connected to two other very popular hotels is a great plus.  Plenty of shopping, casinos, clubs, bars/lounges and eateries without having to go outside was a great thing considering its supposed to rain my entire trip. Now the bad: that $22.40 resort fee. They boast about their low rates, but fail to mention that when you check in, you'll be paying an additional fee per night. These fees are supposed to pay for the wifi and long distance and local calls. 1) I only got wifi in the common areas. No wifi in my room. Barely any service in my room for that matter. 2) who doesn't have a cell phone these days??  I had to start the shower/bath water in my room 10 minutes prior to taking a shower/bath because that's how long it took the water to get hot. 10 minutes!  Ridiculous!  I've stayed in less "luxurious" hotels and there was a fridge and microwave in the room. The Luxor has neither. I understand that this a probably a way for them to ensure you spend more money (no microwave to reheat leftover so you don't take any back to your room. No fridge to keep beverages cold), but at the very least a fridge would be nice. Also, forget calling the front desk for assistance. You're met with an automated system. After selecting 5 different prompts to speak to an actual live body, I was on hold for 10. All just to inquire about late checkout. This is my 2nd stay at the Luxor. Only stayed here because this is where the rest of my party stayed. I doubt I will return on my next trip to Las Vegas.
3	I booked this hotel with my flight on Southwest for $79/night. I was really happy with my stay even if it took two days to get my extra pillows and towels and they moved me to the East Tower when I told them it was too smoky to be in the pyramid with no issues. If you are planning on doing the Rock and Roll Half, this is a great venue to stay at. The Startline is across the street and the finishline is only a mile and some away. I would stay here again. Parking is free.
1	The only reason why I'm giving this place one star is because they contracted, ego maniac, Chris Angel to do "magic" at the theater there. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON HIS SHOW!
2	The good:Nice, clean hotel rooms in the West towerLots of slots that are somewhat friendly3 Starbucks inside3rd largest hotel in the USThe bad:Terrible food options (most people chose McDonald's in food court)At the end of the stripTons of bothersome MLife staff trying to get you to sign up for something or buy tickets to a show3rd largest hotel in the US - very, very big, so it takes a while to get to the room or outsidePractically last hotel on strip, so it takes a long time to get to the central strip areaSomeone ordered room service and left their food cart outside their door. It was there all night long and into the morning until at least 11 am.The ugly:Rude staff. I asked a staff member for directions to the elevator because I had luggage to transport. He pointed me to the escalator and said "just take the escalator." When I pointed out the obvious baggage he simply indicated "I take luggage up there all the time." When I looked at him with a blank, evil eye stare, he said while walking away "the elevator is all the way in the back of the hotel." Not only was he wrong, but he was rude.
4	We came here for one night. Room had mold in the shower. Let Emily at the front desk know, and she couldn't have been more help! She hooked us up with a spa suite on the top floor of the pyramid for our inconvenience. We enjoyed the room very much, and we were even given a late check out with no fee. I understand this isn't the best hotel on the Strip, but the staff really went out of their way for us. Only dinged one start because of the mold. Other than that, perfect! And the elevators are fun, too!
1	OMG!!! That's what I said when I seen all the splendor of the pyramid shape hotel. But once inside, it was mediocre to say the least. Then I had to get on that rickety elevator that goes sideways, and it was all down hill from there. Water damaged walls, warped doors, snowy television. I felt I was in the motel 6. I was highly disappointed in the overall stay at the Luxor and I wouldn't recommend anyone to stay there if they want luxury.
4	Back when I was in my 20's, I took my BFF here for her bachelorette party.  That was probably the last time I step foot inside the Luxor, and it was during that hotel's hey day. Now, its in a remote part of the strip, where the foot traffic is practially non existent.  Technically its probably the best location if you want to get away from the hub bub of the Strip.Nomally we stay at the other end of the Strip, and never pass New York/ MGM.  Stephen has never been here, and he's a fan of Egyptian stuff, so after lunch I suggested we try this casino.  A lot has changed since my last visit.  Gone is the Nile, and no more 3D Virtual ride. The security guard I was chatting with said there's no more free stuff, and you pretty much pay for everything here.  Its not like the "old days" he agreed.Its still a nice looking casino.  Quiet though.  I would like to try their rooms again, but only if its free.
3	Met some friends in VEgas and stayed here for the first time.I guess arriving late in the evening I missed all of the coupon opportunities, so it sucked having to pay full price for my dinner on the first night.Nonetheless, I was skeptical at first about staying there, but had a good experience in the end.The Scottish Salmon was a good way to finish up my first night at Luxor.
4	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I actually stayed here on a family holiday years ago and my experience was great. I love themed hotels and at the time was very into the Egyptian thing. The elevators that travel horizontally instead of vertically is a huge trip for me. The rooms for what you pay for have really cheap and ugly set of soaps and shampoos, however, other than that, the room was nice and clean with fluffy pillows. Staff never complained at my requests and were always friendly. I wish that the elevator had a window 'cause it would enhance the ride experience. It is one of the cheapest on the strip, therefore, don't expect much in terms of fanciness or class but expect to have a good time none the less.
2	Ok hotel but resort fees are expensive and taxed. Still have to pay the fees even though pool was closed for the season, no wifi in rooms only a tagged wired cable for a laptop. Intermittent hot water in shower. Only good thing was location and fast elevators.
3	What a nice hotel. I mean it's beautiful with all of the African artwork and hieroglyphics all over the place. The outside lights up at night and the Pharaoh statue outside is breathtaking. The elevators are rickity and loud and scary. The best part was getting on them with a drunk person to watch them freak out..FUNNY!! Because The Luxor is the shape of a triangle when you go up  you kind of lean in and when you go down you tilt backwards..like a rollercoster..Try and get a room that is facing all the action.. our room was stuck behind all of the raised decor so our view sucked but I could care less...I swear to God if one more MLife person had come up to me and asked if "I wanted to see a show".. or "how long I was staying" I would have socked them in the face. This one lady asked me and my mom twice in the same breath. I was like "ma'am you just saw us walk pass you!"Nice, clean hotel rooms Lots of slots 2 Starbucks inside3rd largest hotel in the US
1	Extremely irritated with this stay! The rooms show their age, this place is definitely in need of renovations and staffing replacement... My bf and I got the deluxe queen room in the east tower. The beds were ok, lots of closet space, bathroom was large which I liked.. They gave us a paper notice last night saying they need to shut off the water from 3am-7am for water piping maintenance. Just like home.. Then the water was NEVER turned back on. At 11am, I still haven't gotten the chance to shower and the toilet was filled with piss we couldn't flush!! When I called, all they said was "sorry, we don't know why the water won't turn back on for the east tower and we don't know how long this will take.. we can move you to another room. " So fine, I said ok to the room transfer... But had to wait on hold for more than 20 minutes for another rep to ask me why I was calling and then finally say they'll move me. WTF?? Waited another 15 mins for a bellhop to come help us with moving the luggage (note I had to ask, they did not offer help). Second room was in the pyramid. The moment from entering this room, it was so stuffy like no air had been running for a while in this room. So I left the door propped open to air it out. The bathroom was smaller and even older looking. The shower had one tiny ledge to put your toiletries.. when I requested extra towels and pillows, they delivered extra towels twice and I had to remind them about the pillows.. seriously? Later around 430p a security guard came around and said we couldn't have the door opened. Well, excuse me, have me suffer then! So pissed off with this property, definitely not staying here ever again and definitely not recommending this hotel to anyone!! You get 1 star just because your sales reps on the casino floor got us last year to book this advance in order to get our stay for free. Never again, Luxor!!
2	Stayed here for 1 night because we found a good rate on Expedia and half of our group left earlier than the 3 of us did so we didn't stay at PH for the last night of our stay. The hotel is definitely an interesting one, kind of fascinating from the outside but not as spectacular on the inside. It's pretty aged and you definitely wouldn't use the word "fancy" to describe it. The elevators run diagonally upwards to each floor. The hotel layout I wasn't that fond of. Since the rooms are all on the sides of the pyramid the casino and lobby and everything else happening downstairs is a giant open area and if you're a light sleeper you won't survive here. All night all you hear is the entertainment, sounds from the casino, and the smell of smoke since the rooms aren't separated from the rest of the hotel like they are at Planet Hollywood.  PH is my regular we stay there every year since it's affordable, central to the strip, and quick and easy access to food. Luxor is a little out of the way and we didn't even try to get food around here. I probably wouldn't stay here again, even if i found a cheap rate. The WiFi was non existent we couldn't even get a connection. And I think we paid for it too which was even more annoying.
1	So I was in town with my son and he wanted to see the pyramid.  I told him I decided not to go back but he really wanted to see it.I waited 20 minutes in a line to find out valet was full.  A sign at the road would have been nice.  I decided to try self parking.  Spent another 25 minutes trying to park and left.Bottom line, once again I was deceived.  Luxor seems to have a way of doing that.
4	The girl who checked us in was super sweet wish I remembered her name... Anyway nice place clean room nice decor. Did not give it a 5 due to bad filter system too much smoke in the air. Guess I'm used to Aria!
4	Beautiful buffett-Egyptian vibe-loving it! Food was good, mimosas great! Bread pudding delish... Great variety.Omelette bar -check. Asian station and carving station were yummy. Fresh OJ for mimosas. $35 for all day access, can't be beat.
4	Just landed from my trip to Vegas, and would recommend going back. The rooms was clean, but did not have small luxuries like a fridge or dock to plug in my music. they were updating the gym and the WiFi which look like they will be great when completed. Thursday night was almost a ghost town as this was their slowest week. Foot traffic greatly picked up through the weekend. There aren't a ton of food options which was the only downside.sounds like a negative review. However, the overall experience was really good . Great price for the room. Would recommend.
4	There's many shows and exhibitions here so I would recommend families to stay here.  Food court open 24 /7 and little convenience store on lobby level next to check-in counter is convenient.  :) We stayed for one night in the lowest rate room and was satisfied with the view of Mandalay Bay and Delano' s glistening sign.  Again, another great M life hotel and I would definitely return to stay.
4	First trip to Vegas, and had no issues here! Will def be back!
4	We weren't guest at this hotel but spent the majority of our time here. We found this to be the best casino to gamble at. At least this is the only one I was able to actually win some money at. The cocktail waitress's are on top of it and our drinks were never to far from being empty before they came back around.... ( outfits are tacky as hell and they shouldn't be forced to wear that crap ) Had a lot of fun exhibits and shows we attended.
2	We stayed in the tower. Room had connecting door. Had to listen to a couple having sex all night. EVERY night. While that wasn't the hotel's fault, the connecting door situation is what made us able to hear it all, scream for scream. The heater/aircon unit was broken so we were very cold. We reported both issues and staff were quick to respond on the heater. Not so much on the sex. The hotel isn't maintained to the best standards, either. It feels kind of like somewhere that has had it's day and it's getting a bit tired. I would have two MAJOR  complaints - the timeshare touts who attack every US resident who goes by with promise of reduced show tickets. Please get rid of these pests. It is really off-putting and is not necessary. The lack of coffee and tea facilities in the room. No coffee or tea making facilities at all. You are forced to go to one of the the two starbucks and queue for ages to get a coffee or tea. Even the worst motels have this to offer!!Shower was amazingly powerful, I loved it. Housekeeping was also amazing. Room was spotless. Staff were always amazingly friendly.We'd never stay here again though.
4	The check in line was long but we did get here on Christmas Eve and it went quick.  Nice room with a view of the Mandalay Bay and airport.  We will be stopping at the souvenir shops before we leave.
1	Extremely irritated with this stay! The rooms show their age, this place is definitely in need of renovations and staffing replacement... My bf and I got the deluxe queen room in the east tower. The beds were ok, lots of closet space, bathroom was large which I liked.. The daily resort fee has us paying for things we won't be using.. I am bummed that they only include wired internet, not wireless or Wi-Fi.They gave us a paper notice last night saying they need to shut off the water from 3am-7am for water piping maintenance. Just like home.. Then the water was NEVER turned back on. At 11am, I still haven't gotten the chance to shower and the toilet was filled with piss we couldn't flush!! When I called, all they said was "sorry, we don't know why the water won't turn back on for the east tower and we don't know how long this will take.. we can move you to another room. " So fine, I said ok to the room transfer... But had to wait on hold for more than 20 minutes for another rep to ask me why I was calling and then finally say they'll move me. WTF?? Waited another 15 mins for a bellhop to come help us with moving the luggage (note I had to ask, they did not offer help). Second room was in the pyramid. The moment from entering this room, it was so stuffy like no air had been running for a while in this room. So I left the door propped open to air it out. The bathroom was smaller and even older looking. The shower had one tiny ledge to put your toiletries.. when I requested extra towels and pillows, they delivered extra towels twice and I had to remind them about the pillows.. seriously?Later around 430p a security guard came around and said we couldn't have the door opened. Well, excuse me, have me suffer then! So pissed off with this property, definitely not staying here ever again and definitely not recommending this hotel to anyone!! You get 1 star just because your sales reps on the casino floor got us last year to book this in advance in order to get our stay for free. Never again, Luxor!!
2	Not very convenient, the west tower has no wifi in the room and no water heater or free coffee even no bottle water. And self parking place is kind of far from the main lobby, I might choose another hotel to live next time.
4	My boyfriend & I stayed at the Luxor from Nov 4-11th (7 nights) To start overall the experience was good. I would like to add this was our 1st time in Vegas. We choose Luxor for 2 reasons; Price & It was always my dream to stay in Luxor when I first saw it. Us being college kids on our own we did have a budget, and I will admit Luxor had a great price for Hotel/Air for 8 days. I looked at EVERY other Resorts for Hotel/Air and the price was crazy! But again they say you get what you pay for. My biggest complaint which really pissed me off to start out with was our first day: We just got off a 6 hour travel time from Tampa, FL & had been traveling since 5am so we were DEAD tired, the taxi driver dropped us off at the west tower (since we were staying in the towers were are way nicer/newer then the pyramid) When we got out, no1 was there to take our bags, which was abnormal. It was a headache us having 2 large bags & 2 smaller bags to roll into the hotel. When we finally made it to the front desk, the lady who was chatting away with another co-worker, looked clearly upset when I interrupted her conversation, (though she clearly saw me struggling with bags walking up to the desk) I kindly asked, "where is the bag drop off, and when can we check in?" She just looked at me, & pointed "over there, & check in time is 4pm." & when back to chatting. Now that had me superrrr mad. Trying to ignore it, we walked over to the bag drop off, & this blew my mind, all the bags from a bunch of customers were just sitting there out in plain site!! Some piled over & and on top of each other, &  then I saw one poor guy, trying to manage it all, & he looked like he had no idea what he was doing. I did NOT feel comfortable leaving our bags there so, we took all 4 bags & walked ALL the way around the resort (having no idea where we were going; first time) to find the entrance of the Luxor. We found the bag line, which had no roping or organization & stood in the long line. We trusted this though because people were getting tickets & bags were carefully taken into a room. The man taking the bag was very nice/talkative which was a breath of fresh air from what we just experienced. We ate at the food court waiting to check in (Arrived at 11am!) 2 pm we tired 2 check in early & we were able to get a room, the lady who checked  us in was fine, she didn't go above an beyond to make it great experience, it was just fine. I wrote in the special notes when booking the room we were celebrating a 21st birthday. (which they prob see often) But that was not acknowledged. Anyways, our room was on the 5th floor, & was a Pool/Mandalay Bay/Back of Pyramid  view. It was a pleasing view, very pretty to watch at night. I will note the guy that dropped of our bags to the room was SUPER nice, he was talking to us, asking how long we were staying etc. as well as giving us trips on what to do.  We did call front desk in hour into being in our room for more hangers, (hey I'm a girl I packed a lot!) My boyfriend asked for 15, & and they came within 30 mins, & bought 25. Which was nice as well. The room was very clean, no hairs/ junk on the floor... the carpet felt clean & didn't look old or stained. The bathroom was good as well, weird that a phone is right next to the toilet but it gave us a laugh! The bed was verrry comfy & we got lots of pillows (a big plus for me!) When I first walked in I automatically knew I would be happy spending a week in this room. The cleaning lady was ehh though, she was super friendly always say hello in the hall when we were leaving the room, but if we left the room after 5pm, no1 came in 2 clean it. (We are spoiled by Royal Caribbean cruise liners; they make your bed in the morning, and turn down your bed ever night!) So though-out the week we only had our room cleaned maybe 3 times. We never ran out of towels or anything, but it was little disappointing coming in at night to a still unmade bed. Walking though the casino was no problem either, we both look to be 17-18 & still no1 carded us. We drank his first drink at 21 in Centro Bar, the lady serving us was kind & said happy birthday. It was a nice location to be in the enter of the Casio to see all the action. We even used the pool 2x, so relaxing I took a 4 hour nap on a layout chair! We ate at, Pyramid Cafe, Back Stage Grill & More Buffet. All were fantastic!! Pyramid cafe (Breakfast) gave HUGE portions & was very fresh. Back Stage Grill, I no joke, ate at least 5 times. SO fresh, amazing ingredients! More Buffet is a GREAT value, 1 of the cheapest buffets on the strip & just as good food, ate there 2x. Overall, YES we would stay there again, the location is a little far at the end of the strip, but we took taxis/walked anyways. I would mainly stay there again because of the price was unbeatable if your on a budget, because come on, everything else is SO expensive in Vegas. We really never had any huge problems at Luxor, so they earned our business again in the future!
4	Stayed for Christmas Eve!My Significant Other and I stayed here for one night with a complementary room from the Facebook game: My Vegas. To our surprise we got a room in the pyramid! The Elevator up to the 23rd floor was a bit rickety but it is going diagonal ways..The view was exciting from both the room window and the hallway in front of the room.The Room:+While I have stayed at nicer and more expensive places, what you pay for an average night here is what you get for being on the strip. +Nothing appeared terrifying to us as the room service has been doing a good job of keeping things clean and tidy. +The furniture obviously is no Encore or Bellagio so don't go hating on that. However it does appear worn a bit too much on some areas.. but hey, this room has and hundreds of people using it yearly. So to keep up with touching up some pieces here and there does take a lot of work.+ Our shower head did seem outdated from the 90's and the water pressure was no jet, but still felt quite nice.Our only thing on why this is a 4 star is the overall feel of this room compared to a higher priced modern high end room on the strip. This room is well above a 3 star hotel and just under a 5 star due to needing some updates. I just can't write much more on the room as you need to be realistic to the price and the overall appeal of the hotel/rooms.
1	We came here for the Titanic Exhibition...while we were here, the beau and I decided we wanted Ramen on such a cold night. We Yelped it and found Monta and Sora however, we wanted to run it by the locals! So...we walked over to the Concierge and she (and I'm not kidding here), asked us "how do you spell Ramen?" I almost fell over as I'm looking around and seeing almost 80% Asians walking around! Worst part is, there was an ASIAN lady next to her that DID NOT JUMP IN to suggest anything. Worst part was, she was pulling up just the word "Ramen" not YELP but GOOGLE?! Oy, we would have been there all night waiting. Awful horrible employee at Concierge, learn to look things up on Yelp or better yet, here is a line you should learn "will you excuse me while I find someone who might be able to point you in the right direction?!" Can't believe how ignorant she was. Yes, this is ignorant when more than half of your clientele are ASIANS!!! Just wow....Yelp saved our next night! Thank you Yelp!
3	The parking lot is way too hard to find and not convenient because you have to walk all across the casino and go somewhere across the street. The casino worker was not so kind when he knew we were just asking the directions.
4	Family and I stayed here at Luxor for three days starting from Christmas. I have to say, it's a very unique hotel, but of course there are pros and cons.Pros:-Free soaps in bathrooms (well duh, who doesn't take advantage of those things?)-Connects to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur, very convenient if you wanna go shopping or dining.-Hotel rooms have a great view of Las Vegas outside.-Has a tram if you don't want to walk to other hotels. Very speedy.-Rooms have nice layout, with a TV.-Box office with many shows to choose from, but as far as I know, they don't do discounts.Cons:-Elevator is rickety, and especially if you have claustrophobia (fear of small and enclosed spaces), I wouldn't recommend going on the elevators. Although, the only other way to access upper floors was the emergency exit stairs.-No coffee maker or microwave in the rooms. Not really convenient.-Luxor trams only go to Excalibur. Wish there were more hotels to choose from.-Food court needs more variety, and if you want more variety, you have to go to other resorts.-Pool is closed during the winter. Couldn't there be heating?Well, I'm giving this 4 stars because the service is great and all but not 5 stars because the rooms seems a little bit...clogged.
2	Hotel staff was ...meh... View was ...meh... Food for the Christmas Buffet was ...meh... Noticing a theme yet. Everything was meh... Bathroom needed an update badly and the shower-head was ..yikes! Cool architecture and a neat design, but not well run at all. Rather disappointing. The wi-fi needs to be accessed through a particular browser, but the staff just says its spotty rather than explain it to people, however, since we are IT geeks we figured it out in 5 minutes. The fact they couldn't tell us outright was lame. We needed two nights and they were sold out for the next night, however, rather than telling us to check for a cancellation or adding us to a wait list, the front office person offered no options. Also the front office clerks left a screen turned around with another person's personal account information on it. I was close enough to read the whole screen and could have taken a photo if I was criminally minded (thankfully, I am not) Interestingly there was a floor manager right behind the counter. I directly asked him if they always left personal details for other too see and he spun the screen back around but did not offer an apology or anything to reassure me my credit details would any safer.Buffet was yucky - dry steak overcooked, mushy sushi rolls (cucumber roll only), some other fare not worth remembering.Only points for cool outside design (at night is great, day is meh too), neat interior in the pyramid and the rickety sideways angled elevator, which I found to be fun though I am sure many people would be afraid of the jerky motion.
2	Uhh don't stay here! Not an awful hotel but there are better options on the strip. The price was right and the room was decently clean. The staff has been friendly and responsive to any concerns but the location is not ideal. All the way at the end of the strip so getting anywhere takes forever! Check in was smooth and quick as well as getting our luggage up to the room. Our room was clean but the room temperature was uncomfortable. The air conditioner/heating unit was broken and our room was either freezing or a sauna...also the hotel reeks like marijuana 24/7. Our shower did not drain so showers had to be quick and you were stuck standing in your dirty shower water. The Wifi was also slow and cut out frequently. The room was very basic-no fridge or microwave. Overall the Luxor was okay but if it's not a holiday week there are definitely other comparably priced better hotels on the Strip!
1	***ROOMS AWFULLY OUTDATED & POORLY MAINTAINED***I recently came here with wife for a 2 night stay on a Thursday and Friday.  When we arrived to check-in at 1:30 a.m., there was a 15-20 minute wait.  The hotel was out of the standard rooms, so we were upgraded to a suite.  However, when we went to the suite, we were terribly disappointed.The room smelled musty, like it had poor ventilation.  It was creepy because it looked like no one had been in the room for a long time.  The suite was poorly lit and ill-configured.  This may be because it was at the corner of the pyramid.  In the toilet was the feces of the previous guest.  There were two HVAC units in the suite: one did not work and the other we could not turn off. The bedding was not soft to the point of being scratchy and rough on the skin.  We checked out after 1 night.  We did receive a full refund, including of the resort fee.  I would avoid this hotel. If you want to spend the same amount of money on the strip nearby, consider Excalibur.
3	I've stayed here before and had a great experience previously.  This time I wasn't so impressed. We checked in Saturday afternoon and was surprised to see a long line which actually moved quicker then other casino hotels I've stayed with. The room wasn't that great. Everything seemed old. I was less than  impressed.  My room was much nicer and newer last time I was here. The bellman, Louie Louie was very impressive. He expedited our check out and valet wait. Valet was horrible, cars were parked all over so when we were ready to go we had to wait for the cars in front of us to move since every lane was blocked. We weren't the only ones waiting either. Valet took forever at night to drop off the car too. This valet gets the award for worse valet in Vegas. Not sure if I'll be coming back to the Luxor.
2	Cool exterior, dumpy interior. Great staff. Hotel rooms would get 1 star. Staying at the Super 8 would've been nicer. Casino is okay and hotel lobby looks decent, but the rooms are a joke. Do not stay here if you're here for multiple nights or want a nice clean hotel room. It's cheap but should still be half the price for what you get.
3	Went with 3 buddies and we had 2 separate deluxe queen rooms. Mine was on the 26th floor and the other room was in the teens. I thought the room was pretty clean, with a very good view of Mandalay Bay and the nearby streets and sights. The HVAC worked very well (my roommate wanted it warm and it was but when he fell asleep I turned it to cool lol) There was no musky smell and the bed/pillow were especially comfortable.We stayed for 3 nights and all in all I would come back again, but with so many different options, I would to try something else. My 2 friends in the other room had a big issue. For every night of the 3 night stay, the fire alarm went off around 4 in the morning. It would drive me nuts but my 2 friends kinda took it in stride.This was my first time in Vegas and I was shocked at how expensive the necessities were in the hotel shops. A big bottle of water was 4 bucks and a 2.5 ounce of edge shaving cream was 5 BUCKS! I will let you in on a little secret. For the water, you can get like a 8 OZ bottle for free in the fitness center (which we did use on the 2nd day and it was VERY nice). You do need to sign in but they don't really check. (Also the tap water tasted like rusty old pipes.)A regular bottle of beer was like $7 but if you play poker, you can get it for free (but you should really tip the waitress $1)Also if you have to get a non alcoholic drink go with a drink at Starbucks which is everywhere. While everything else seemed to have tripled in prices, the drinks at Starbucks weren't that much higher than normal (that's probably bc the normal prices were high to begin with LOL)Also unlike New Jersey's AC, parking was pretty much free everywhere so for me that was a pleasant surprise because we did have a rental.Lastly the WIFI sucks. You get like a small amount for free and can get more for a price. WTH is that?!?!?
3	Stayed at the Luxor one night. I will rate it 3 stars the reason is you can hear everything in the next rooms and on top. I think it was clean on top but I don't think it was like a few good clean. The views are okay. Not much entertainment going on. I wouldn't stay here again to be honest but it wasn't the worst either if you want a cheap hotel on the strip this would be it for u. Nothing bad to say about this hotel but also nothing good about it either.
5	We stayed at Luxor for three nights in the beginning of December and were really happy with everything. Since Luxor is one of the closest casinos to the airport, I recommend you take a taxi instead of waiting around for a hotel shuttle. The cab fair was about $14.  Since we arrived around 9am, we didn't bother trying to check into a room since they were still working on check-outs. We left our bags at the bell desk and did some walking around before returning the casino around noon to try to check in. BEWARE: we stopped immediately by some people dressed in suits asking us if we were checking in and brought us to a desk to get our "welcome gift". Turns out they were offering free show tickets - the catch is you must agree to a 3 hour time share tour! No thank you! We were pretty much bombarded by these people throughout our entire time in Vegas, so I won't hold it against Luxor - they're everywhere! At check-in we were helped by a REALLY friendly woman who I believe was named Marilyn. Because of our MLife room comps my boyfriend and made the reservations for each night separately but it was no problem to join the reservations so we could keep the same room for all three nights. She also informed us that there was an early check-in fee, which we agreed to pay because we were exhausted from our early flight, but she ended up not charging the fee afterall. They also gave us a booklet with a lot of coupons that could be used throughout Luxor and Excalibur. We used several of them.We originally booked a pyramid room with two queens, but at check-in we were able to upgrade to a king room in one of the towers at no extra cost. We had been told by friends that if a tower room was available, take it! And I'm so glad we did! It was really nice and clean and we had a cool view of the airport. The bathroom was pretty big and had a large bathtub as well as a separate large shower. There isn't a microwave or refrigerator in the room. I'm not sure if it came with a coffee maker because I don't drink it!Inside the pyramid, on the casino floor, is pretty neat. Instead of just your basic boring casino, you can look up to the top of pyramid. We had dinner one night at Public House. It was happy hour so the drinks were cheap, but the food was expensive. The menu wasn't huge but we liked the sandwiches we ordered. The only other place we ate in Luxor was the Pyramid Cafe for breakfast. They have several breakfast options around $10. I had Red Velvet Pancakes. They were AMAZING but way too sweet. I couldn't finish them.Since Luxor is at the end of the strip, it's nice that it connects to Excalibur, because from there you can walk to New York New York or cross the strip to hop on the Deuce bus. I prefer to stay mid-strip, but if given the choice, I would always pick the South over the North (think Circus Circus). That end of the strip has a lot of vacant lots, that I'm sure will be built up in a few years, but it just feels a little safer by Luxor.Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and would go back to Luxor again if given the opportunity.
3	Pros:Valet is usually fairly fast.Good variety of table games and machines.We stayed on the 14th floor, luxury tower suite. living room, bedroom, and bathroom was very spacious, and clean.Counter space with sink and fridge. Comfy bed and pillows. Great price. Pressurized toilet.Separate room and living area (1 bedroom suite, door doesn't lock. Bathroom is accessed through bedroom.)Cons:Fridge froze our food.Housekeeping didn't refill our towels, even though we put towels on the floor. We had some left on the rack that we didn't use, but we needed more face towels, which wasn't replaced. Big no-no for me.Toiletries weren't replaced, even though it was obvious we were using them. The tub and shower drain were slightly backed up.The shower water temperature was constantly changing, so we kept on having to adjust the temperature while we showered.Ladies...bring your own conditioner! The ones they provide is a conditioning shampoo, which just works as a shampoo!
1	Pros: hotel looks exciting from the outside. Nice structure. Inside also looks nice- 3 Starbucks, lobby is nice and the casino is pretty big. Lots and lots of slots to choose from. The bell hops were really nice though, the only good customer service you will receive. These are the only reasons why this hotel even got 1 star. Cons: rooms are outdated, everything is old. No refrigerator either. The bed comforter wasn't even a comforter. You just got a sheet and a brown blanket. The bed wasn't even comfortable.  I stayed in the deluxe tower room on the 14th floor btw- these are the rooms that are claimed to be "updated". Cleanliness was a big fat 0. It's actually pretty disgusting. Bathroom floors don't look like they get mopped at all. You will realize this all throughout the hotel. Shower head is horrible, doesn't adjust and the pressure of water literally hurts you. Valet is always packed. I also had some lady knocking really hard on my hotel room door on the first day of check in and wouldn't freakin stop. I was fast asleep as we drove through the night from SF for 10 hours. All bc she thought we were the previous guests that were supposed to check out and she tried to kick us out. I was pissed! My man and I had arrived after partying on New Years and told them we need to leave our car in valet. That shouldn't have been a problem bc we are staying in the hotel, but the man that does the valet told us he can't park it Unless we wanted to be "vip" in which we had to give him $20 to park it. I call the front desk about this in the morning since it was weird to me, and turns out they had no idea this was happening. There were so many cars outside that night that were all charged money by the valet which the guys just put straight in their pocket. The customer service is horrible. Nobody looks happy there at all. There were 2 nights were the cleaners didn't even touch my room. (I stayed for a total of 5 nights-if they weren't gonna take my money i would have checked out after the first night). The buffet was disgusting. The only plus side was they had really good salads. That's it. We ended up leaving the hotel every single day we were there. Dining in different places, visiting all the other hotels. You really notice a difference right away. When we left we made a quick stop in LA and stayed at a cheap inn. I kid you not, the room there was wayyyy Better. Comfortable bed, roomy, refrigerator, better shower, wifi, and it was CLEAN! We paid $60 a night. Just do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. You will have a much better time.
5	Raven in reservations is amazing! I made a huge mistake when I made my reservation by booking it for the wrong month. When I realized the mistake I called the reservation line but the gentleman told me it was too late since the original date of the reservation had passed. I called back the next morning and spoke with Raven. I explained the situation and she offered to get her manager to help resolve everything.  It is very rare that someone goes out of their way to help when it was clearly my fault for making the mistake so I was extremely appreciative!
4	Realy liked. Not great but VERY good and worth every penny. Location not great but good enough. Cheap buffet. Above expectation fitness room.
4	I enjoyed my stay at Luxor. As you have to walk through the casino area to everything in Vegas, this area need to be clean and good. They kept the area very clean and nice. The reception was a bit slow but the person was friendly and the self parking area was quite easy to fine. Our room was awesome, very spacious and clean.  The mattress was great to sleep in and they had a safe in the room. The Wifi was good and easy to connect. The view was good.Walk around as there are many good points to take picture inside the pyramid.
1	3 hours to retrieve my car from valet!!! Would I come back to this low class hotel again? Absolutely not in my lifetime even if they offer me to stay there for free. The service was lousy and overrated. Even Circus Circus has better service than this slump. My first and last time...
