5	I love hiking up Camelback. So do a lot of other people.  You will not be communing with nature.  However, you will be rewarded with a killer birds-eye view of the city and a tighter ass.  The crowds make for good people watching.   For example... One time I saw an old dude hiking behind his very junior, hmmm.. wife? girlfriend? mistress?  who was wearing a full on gold string bikini, hiking boots, and nothing else.  Their well-oiled tan skin glistened in the sun.  Let's just say that the bikini was not doing a very good job at managing the "girls." Parents were shielding their children's eyes.    Finding a parking spot can be painful.  I used to live close enough to the Cholla trail-head to jog over, hike to the top, and jog home.  If I had to drive there, I certainly would not go on the weekend.  Warnings:  1) If you park somewhere you aren't supposed to you WILL get a ticket, or even worse, the dreaded boot.  This is a ritzy hood and the neighbors have the parking gestapo on point. 2) PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE BRING WATER WITH YOU!!!  It is deceptively hard and exposed and dry.  Bring at least a liter with you.  I can't tell you how many times I have seen someone airlifted off the trail after they go into shock from dehydration.
4	Definitely a picture spot...  Not something for people looking to really stretch their limits... but a great hike for beginners and intermediates... would suggest you check the air quality before going, definitely a better hike when the air is clear...
4	Camelback Mountain is a well-known landmark and popular hiking spot. And for good reason. The mountain boasts spectacular views from the highest point in Phoenix. Even though the mountain is easily accessible from almost anywhere in the Valley, it can feel like a million miles away from the city's teeming malls and freeways. The 1.16 mile Summit Trail is one of the most popular hikes in the area. It therefore may surprise you just how steep it gets or how winded you may become when hiking it. Just bring plenty of water and don't overdo, unless your path to 15-minutes of fame includes a sheriff's department rescue on the evening news...
5	I'm an idiot.Last year, at the most recent height of my physical fitness after losing 40 pounds, I hiked Camelback Mountain with no trouble.  Sure, it was steep and rocky, but only a token amount of effort was required to reach the summit from the Echo Canyon trail.  Really, if you're in any reasonable amount of shape, you should be able to get to the top easily.  I'm not bragging here, I'm setting up the rest of the story.Fast forward 12 months.  In March 2007, I had surgery on my hand which limited any physical activity I was really interested in (cycling, basketball, etc).  I used this as an excuse to do nothing until the doc said I could remove the splint.  When I say nothing, I mean I became the guy that eats habitually and groans at the thought of exercise.  Not on my best day would I be found anywhere but in front of the television.Fast forward 4 months and 15 pounds.  Hindsight being 20/20, my decision to attempt Camelback this morning was doomed from the start.  I played basketball for a few hours yesterday, went to sleep around 2:00am, and woke at 5:30.  Oh, it has been raining too.  That means the monsoon humidity was our unwelcome guest on the trail.  Driving to the mountain, my confidence soared.  I've done it before without consequence, so why should today be any different?  I'll be back in time to make it to brunch.Halfway up the mountain, I had enough.  My legs, once strong and reliable, were seemingly made of jelly.  My lungs, once capable of withstanding hours on a bicycle, were on fire.  My physical capacity has been reduced to a shell of its former self.  The story I tell everyone is that it is way too hot to be out hiking.  The truth is that I just couldn't hack it.The mountain itself gets five stars.  As popular as the trail is, I haven't felt overwhelmed with the amount of people.    I'll be back next week for the views and exercise, but mostly to reclaim my dignity.  I can't wait!
5	Camelback mountain is where my parent's got engaged ahhh!Every once in awhile, in any season but summer, I come and attempt to hike camelback. I feel I am in decent shape, but this hike isn't a piece of cake. I prefer to stick to the easier trail on the mountain ( I can't remember the name) or just explore. Not just because it is more flat, but also it is way less packed. So you won't get run over my half naked joggers or bombarded with families trying to stick together. It's a much better trail to be able to enjoy nature and still has beautiful views. Parking is a you know what, and don't think you will be the only one who thought it was a good idea to come early. Beautiful mountain with awesome views!
5	Wow, this must be the saving grace of the city!  I don't think that there's anything that I like more than this with the exception of my friends that live here.  We entered the mountain on the side of Echo Canyon Road.  I believe there was some event being hosted in climbing the summit or something.  I wasn't sure what to expect because I haven't gone hiking since I was much younger and more trails that were through a forest.  Being out in the desert was quite different.  It was a lot of rocks, and the climb is much more steeper.  Of course as the day gets on the weather is even hotter.  We arrived here probably a little after 9am.  It was slightly breezy still, but we got to the steepest part, and my friend had stopped halfway through being pretty fearful from the climb.  So we went back down so that she wouldn't have to wait for us, but I felt kind of addicted to the challenge of going through the rocks and the climb for hours.  I'm not surprised now how toned mountain climbers can be.  I was slightly annoyed by the show-offs who were running down the steps.  I think it's dangerous because there's a lot of loose gravel that can cause the best hiking boots to slip.  I would highly recommend them for this climb at this entrance.  This was a great workout even though we were here for an hour or less.  I was sweating and it's just a great feeling of accomplishment when you get from place to place.  There are tons of people out here, but it's more motivation to climb it.  If you are fearful of heights I would recommend something else first since the avid climber will try to get you moving and will complain about a hold up.  Definitely bring water and some type of small back-pack.  You won't be able to really carry much in this climb.  Some people are able to use the hiking stick and ski poles?  but I think it looks like it's more of problem to use it.  It is a fantastic view at the top.
5	Camelback is my favorite workout  and outdoor activity in Arizona. It's a really tough hike but the view from the top is totally worth it. I also love that everyone is so randomly friendly on the mountain. Douchewads, MILFS, old dudes, the lady with the parrot on her shoulder (seriously, a lady climbs the hill every day with BIRD)...etc ... we are all one on Camelback Mountain. And it's nice to be that way every once in a while.Better get climbing before they build a Starbucks at the summit!
5	I successfully tricked my friend into doing this hike, telling her it was fine for people who don't exercise.  Let me preface this by saying we're young, healthy, twenty-somethings.  Although neither of us are hardcore hikers (c'mon, we wore our normal sneakers and jeans), we managed to gasp our way to the top in the middle of a rain shower (which makes rocks very slippery).The first part of the course is what I would consider a hike: walking up a path.  Eventually "walking" turns into "climbing" and the "path" turns into a maze of boulders.  We overheard people on their way down saying that blue paint continued to mark the way to go on the rocks, and we followed them the rest of our way up.I won't lie, it's a challenging hike, and my quads were very sore the next day.  But it's doable if you don't have any major injuries and you have a go-getter attitude.  Note: we did this hike in 50-degree weather and still needed about 24 ounces of water each.  Gloves would have been helpful, as there is definite rock-scaling involved.  The view at the top is beautiful, and climbing down is just as challenging, if not more so, than climbing up!
5	This place is the NUMBER 1 thing to do in the off season, period.   Bring a camera, don't wear shorts (if you slip, you bleed) bring a quart of water, bring a CAMERA, bring something to snack on up top. You get a 360 degree view - (the pheonician is cool looking down on it).  Allow 2 and half hours and yes it is harder coming down.
5	I am not much of a hiker but this can be fun when you are with the right people (I've done it a few times). It can be a challenging hike depending on the path you take.  Some helpful hints: definitely take some good hiking shoes, water, snacks and don't try this in the summer.  When you get to the top, you will have an amazing view of Phoenix.  You might want to bring a camera.  Be careful coming down.  You might slip a bit.
5	When I was a small overly ambitious child, I loved playing "King of the Mountain."  Not just because the title implies that as King of the Mountain, I was better than everyone else, but because it's fun to be at the top of something, whether it be a small mound of dirt, a picnic table, or a real mountain with breath-catching views of the surrounding environs.For a Los Angelo used to hiking the amateur friendly Runyan Canyon when I want to get in touch with my inner nature girl, I wasn't expecting anything particularly challenging when my brother told me we were going to hike Camelback while I was visiting him in Phoenix.  Hiking is just walking at a slight incline on some dirt, right?   Haha.  Riiiiiight.  Don't think you are going to skate by in some cute little Nike jogger's shorts and treadless shoes at Camelback.  This sucker is half-hike/half-rock climbing, and your hiney is going to remind you of that the next day when you find yourself hobbling around on shaky legs and ankles.  Bring water, good shoes and a fearsome attitude for this hike.  (And some patience for the parking lot -- unless you want to park a mile away and run there like my brother and I did).Camelback is not child's play.  It's a beast to be conquered, and that's what makes it so fun.  I work out five days a week, do cardio, strength-training, and even a bit of that omolicious yoga, and still found myself panting and out of breath at various points along the hike.  I am not a dainty flower when it comes to physical activity, but this sucker pushed me to the edge, and then spat me down those slippery rocks with no concern that I might fall down and break myself on the rough surfaces.  As some have accurately mentioned, going down is just as hard, if not harder, as going up this 1.2 mile monstrosity of dirt and rock.  But the sweet taste of victory when you reach the crest and become "King of the Mountain" is all the more delicious for the effort both preceding and following that moment.  (And it makes a tremendous photo-op to boot!)
5	Holy Mother of Jesus.  I had been to Phoenix before and saw the mountain from across the valley.  Meh.  Sure, it looks kinda cute from over there and makes you want to get closer to take a little snap shot.  Go to the base of the mountain and stare in amazement.  This thing is a beast.  I've been to the Tetons.  I'm been to the Rockies.  Maybe it's the fact that this thing is in the desert.  Or maybe it's because it's covered with cactus.  Or that it's standing alone.  I don't know, but it's stunning.  Stupendous  Stupid me, I didn't bring sensible shoes.  So I wasn't able to make much of a hike, (or at least that's the excuse I'm using).  Maybe next time.
5	I've only hiked the Cholla Trail because the two times we have gone to Camelback, we have not been able to find parking in the super small lot at the Echo Canyon trailhead.  For the Cholla Trail, you have to park on Invergordon and then walk to the trailhead.  The first time we went to Camelback, we only had an hour...definitely not enough time so we barely made it halfway before having to turn around.  Today, we conquered Camelback and made it to the top! Lessons learned from hiking Camelback:*Wear good hiking shoes...they will come in handy*Bring lots of water...one water bottle is not enough*Bring snacks to munch on while you enjoy the view when you reach the top*Going down is just as tough as going up...your knees will feel it*As you get closer to the top, it becomes less hiking and more climbing*If you like people watching, you will love Camelback. I swear we saw all different kinds of people, and quite enjoyed overhearing a couple of guys trying to pick up some girls at the top.  *According to some hussy at the top, Barry Sanders girlfriend is a bitch. Good to know. (She was bragging to some guys how she's met NFL players before)*Enjoy the view from the top. You worked hard to get there, so take some time and relax.*I will never never never be the woman who gets to the top of Camelback and then drops and does 25 pushups. Not.Going.To.Happen.Ever.*Somebody should open a beer stand at the top of Camelback. I think they would make a lot of money.  I know as soon as we reached the top, I said, "I want a beer."*I feel grateful that I have good genes that graced me with long legs. They came in handy.*Being thin does not equal being in shape. I'm getting my ass to the ASU gym and signing up for a membership this week!It's amazing that a place like Camelback exists in a major metropolitan area, but it does.  I plan to take advantage of it as much as possible while we live out here!
5	No complaints here, the best workout if you are looking for something to kick your butt. Nothing better than buring calories in the great outdoors.
5	Holy shitface, Batman! Today on a whim I decided to take on Camelback Mountain for the first time.  It was quite the "damning" experience.1) Around 2 PM I arrived and turned onto Echo Canyon to discover a rather long stretch of vehicles in line waiting for parking spaces in a lot that was small at best. That received a quick exclamation of "Damn!"2) The Echo Canyon trail acension was enough to nearly make a 225 pound grown man cry like a baby. About three-quarters of the way up I found myself in tripod position gasping for air to again cry "Damn!"3) While in tripod position nearly causing a mudslide as beads of sweat saturated the ground these tight little legs sneak by. I look up to discover this absolutely hot little vixen (conveniently accompanied by her boyfriend) climbing the mountain in tights and a bikini top? Yet another "Damn." only this time I could not help but to laugh...I was tired and she made it worse.Camelback Mountain rocks...no pun intended.
5	Camelback is easily one of my favorite places in Phoenix. I'd highly suggest going RIGHT NOW, because when my husband and I hiked the Echo Canyon trail on Saturday it was gorgeous! All the rain has turned the mountain green -- well, as green as it will turn. It is still a desert, after all. Anyway, there is grass and weeds and wildflowers and moss all over- it's like a new mountain!The one thing I don't get about Camelback, however, is how EVERY time I do it, no matter how many times I've done it before, my legs still ache like hell the next day. Oh well.In addition to the great workout, hiking the mountain exposes you to a great slice o'life. I've seen it all here -- flabby men hiking in speedos, little chihuahuas that ascend this thing faster than I do, helicopter rescues, girlfriends nearly breaking up with their boyfriends because they don't want to go all the way to the top, and people from all over the country, and the world, who make sure to hike the mountain while they're in Phoenix. Very cool. There is one minor annoyance I have with this place -- and that's the people who hike the entire thing, up and down, at a regular pace... then run the last 5 minutes like a bat out of hell. You're not fooling anyone, toolboxes, we all know you didn't run the whole thing. Quit pretending, and quit knocking me off the trail!
5	Being in the fortuitous position to still 'get' a Spring Break, and moreover, get PAID cash-money to sit on my happy ass whilst my pen-salesman-esque  friends do important things in their offices, like make fake Wiki entries of their co-workers and cruise just barely SFW sites, i decided to buck my usual trend of waiting for something magnificent on the toob like Gailic Rules Football on Setanta or maybe even a little afternoon "drinking game Family Feud" and treck on over to Phoenix's most alluring dromedary.  Fuck me.  It was harder than I ever thought.  Those Bic bitches that are my friends apparently scale this shit like Doctor Octopus in their free time after work, and here I am with my seldom-used Nalgene bottle pushing my 190 pound frame up a very large vertical fucking rock like a goddam broken-legged donkey.  My unfairly fit girlfriend is doing cartwheels and all kinds of shit up the mountain and I'm waving her ahead, bound to my ship like Captain Smith on the sinking Titanic; "Go ahead ... can't move ... leave me here ... go ... dying."  Of course, after countless pre-teens and lawyer types with their kerchiefed labradors bounce right by me, I decide to pulley myself up using a carefully constructed mechanism that included my camera-string, a small boulder, and the aforementioned Nalgene bottle loop.  I navigate most of the way up, i think, before my better half comes waving down the mountain.  All hope for an Everest-like heroic push gone, I make my way back down again, promising to make up for my misgivings at Happy Hour, which I do.  My epic failure to summit, what amounts to a boulder in the hiking world, has led me to curse Camelback from my balcony vantagepoint, mocking me in the smoggy distance like Moby Dick to my Ishmael.  Still, it was pretty cool and can't wait to go back!
5	Fantastic! It took us four tries... My hubby tried looking for it before I arrived and was pointed to another mountain by a police officer.  Second time, we ended up driving up the residential area and that just made us felt small, we did end up watching the sunset though.  Third time, found the parking lot, but a long line of cars... Fourth time, got their 8 in the morning, waited (yes, there was a wait) for about five minutes, parked, and started our hike.  We bought two bottles of Gatorade with us in a plastic bag, I blame that on my husband.  Our plastic bag was full of holes with two big knots when we made it to the top.  Up was good for me but down was a bit scary, just didn't really trust my flat running shoes.  Didn't think we will climb a mountain while in PHX, but definitely go - people are super nice and it was alot of fun.  Don't be scared about the rating, it really is not that tough.  There is another trail, longer but less climbing, not sure where it starts though... The addy is the intersection of McDonalds and Echo Canyon.
5	First, let me say how great Phoenix Yelpers were by giving me a to-do list on the Talk boards for my short stay in town. I think Camelback Mountain was the highlight of my trip, and is highly recommended to anyone visiting.However, the theme of my trip was getting lost (you guys have crazy streets in Phoenix--I have never been on and at the corner of the same street before!), so it took us a while to find the park--we called the park and that helped. But driving around the base was scenic and pretty. We hiked about only about 3/4 of the way up before the heat and our lungs decided it was a good spot to stop (and I wanted a cold beer!), and that was enough for us to get a beautiful view and a big appreciation of the beauty and magnitude of this rock. One lady had been there about 5 hours to hike the whole thing and back. On a longer trip, I'd totally love to conquer the whole thing.
4	I've hiked Camelback twice in the past month. Once, about 3/4 of the way up and then my partner (with her severe ear damage) started swaying and losing her balance. So we headed back down, but I knew the trail was a little bit treacherous. Then I hiked it legit to the top and back down. I'm not an experienced hiker. I'd say I'm in average shape (I run about 8 - 12 miles a week). So make sure to factor these things in to your review of my advice:Go during the week if you can. I did the partial hike on a Sunday afternoon and I lost a lot of the cardio/self-directed experience as I felt like I was hiking in a single file line for a lot of it. I had the luxury of the doing the full hike, solo, on a Monday morning because of Cesar Chavez's bday and the resulting holiday. So there was still a crowd (as I'm assuming there always is at Echo Canyon) being that it's a state holiday. But the comparison between that and a Sunday afternoon is incredible. I actually got to choose my own pace and path!Also, park at the circle lot on 44th (left hand side of the road) before you get to Echo Canyon. Just walk the 8 minutes to the trail. Seriously, it kills me to see people waiting for 20 minutes in their car to park in the Echo Canyon lot before they hike a 1.5 mile mountain summit!? What? Park far away (legally...heed the legality for sure), get out of your car, and walk/run to the trail. Take sun tan lotion and water. I consider myself in pretty good shape and I sucked up my entire camelback (ironic) pack on the ascent and didn't have any water for the descent (the scary part!) which sucked.Otherwise enjoy! I'm looking forward to trying out some other climbs. So please, everyone keep posting your hiking reviews/tips/warnings. They are extremely helpful!
4	Camelback is a great hike... close to everything, yet while you're hiking... you forget that you are in the middle of the city. Until, you get to the summit... and you look out over the sprawl that is phoenix and surrounding suburbs. People are really surprised at how beautiful the scenery is... since it's in the middle of the urban sprawl.I recommend this hike to anyone who is in phoenix... long or short term... But WARNING to all bermuda shorts wearing hawaiian shirts having tourists... you can't just come from the mid-west hot dog eating contest circuit and expect to climb to the top of this thing.See you on the mountain :o)
5	Dear Joe the water guy,Thank you for your water.  Thank you for noticing my wobbling legs and suggesting hydration.  You may have saved my life today!  I loved this experience!  I prepared myself for kind of a shit show seeing as most of the reviews agree that Saturday morning may not be the best time to take on the summit for the first time.  I had some issues finding parking as I decided to hike after an intense yoga class which brought me to McDonald road around 9:45 am.  To my surprise it really was not too busy!  I did park a ways away as suggested my my fellow hiking yelpers which allowed me to get up to the mountain as other hikers waited in their hot rides for someone to make it down the mountain.  Pros: Great cardio, AMAZING view, nice hikers (mostly tourists...especially on weekends), Tips: BRING A LOT OF WATER.  (I am thinking of investing in one of those backpack water things)  If you see 'Joe the water guy' (This is literally what he told me his name was), say hi.  To make life easier, just park down the road and walk the 1/4 mile.  This will save you time and will allow you to burn a few extra calories...
5	My second time taking on the Echo Canyon and I highly recommend it. I have two perspectives:The weak, short of breath, unfit me of 3+ years ago wanted to turn around half way up the mountain while my boyfriend at the time cursed me to keep moving as it had been my idea to hike this thing.  And so I did, somehow, out of breath, bright red in the face, reaching the summit, finally.  It was a great experience but it was missing one major component: A fit me. So I decided to give my mom a little tour of the mountain this week.  This time around though, it was much easier.  All that working out has finally paid off! It's still a cardio work out, and will do a number on your legs, but I work out enough, it really didn't bother me.  My mom on the other hand can hardly move her legs today.  At no point did I want to turn around.  You gotta make sure to bring water.  A little bottle is not going to do, especially not in this heat.  I brought my 2 L Camelback and between the two of us, it was all gone shortly before we arrived back at the bottom.  Go early and go during the week to beat the crowd.  No mistaking, there will be people though.  Wednesday morning (around 8am) wasn't bad though. Great fantastic views, not a long hike, but difficult and strenuous no doubt.  If you enjoy a challenge, are tired of the gym, or just want to have a fun day in the sun, I highly recommend this mountain.
5	I CONQUERED CAMELBACK MOUNTAIN!Never in my life would I have thought it possible for me to climb up a mountain. Not just any mountain, though. Camelback is said to be one of the toughest to climb (within city limits), especially if you climb the side without the railing, which I did. It's so hard to believe it's been over a year since I grunted, moaned, laughed and forced myself up to the top. What a view! (Be careful if you're scared of heights, like me, cuz there's really nothing protecting you at the top and the wind gets gusty!) My climbing companion was more a pro than I expected. When he said, "Let's go hiking," I thought about my leisure experience at South Mountain. Uhm, I was wrong. About 3/4 of the way up, he instructed me of the 3-point method: having 3 points of contact with the mountain at all times. Good to know. At that point, instinct had already kicked in and I was clinging to the side of the mountain like a fly clings to the windshield of a speeding car. It's can be quite scary to glance down and know that if your foot slipped... Be careful of the super-charged buff boys running up and down the mountain in nothing but athletic shorts and shoes. I think I got passed several times by the same dude. Also, there may be dogs climbing too. I don't know how you can bring a golden retriever to the summit - let alone a toy dog - but I saw it with my own eyes! On the way down, I passed by two guys in pastel polyester suits and sweat bands. I sh*t you not. When I turned to see if my eyes had deceived me (post-climb hallucination?), I was confirmed and even more amused, since the entire canvas of their backs were soaked with seat, thanks to the oh-so-breathable poly suit jacket. My guess is these guys were a) crazy b) hung-over c) suicidal or d) all of the above.So, yeah. Going up was hard. Coming down was hard. Going up and coming down were scary. My feet slipped alot, damn tennis shoes w/ horrible friction. Good thing I'm a pro at catching my balance!Climbing this mountain will never be a hobby of mine. I like to keep my feet on solid ground. But, alas, I climbed the mountain on my own, all the way up to the top! How is cool is that?When I reached the bottom safely, I did what can only be called a "happy dance," waving my arms, kicking my feet and shouting, "I conquered Camelback Mountain! I conquered Camelback Mountain!"
5	This is the best place for an outdoor hike.  My wife and I stayed at the Phoenican for Memorial day weekend and had the bell desk drive us up to the trail head in their SUV.  Bring lots of water, because it gets hot and sweaty up there.  Its a hell of a hike but great views and lots of fun.  You have to get on all fours towards the top when your scaling the rocks, but you can do it and its a lot easier going down. (the mountain that is)  Its about 1 1/2 hour up when your at a medium pace and 1 hour to the bottom with 15 minutes at the top.  I hear people get to the top in 30-45 minutes, but they are solo usually, great shape and running the whole way.  Bring good shoes to avoid a sprained ankle.
5	This isn't South Mountain, people. This isn't a damn nature hike. This isn't one of those trails where you wander along in flip-flops and talk about the weather and take pictures and smell the flowers and all that shit. This is exercise. This is Camelback f'in Mountain. So I moved all the way from Chandler to East Phoenix just to be closer to Camelback. That's right. I love this mountain. I've been hiking both trails 2 or 3 times a week on and off for the last 5 or 6 years, and it never gets old.There are 2 very different trails that start on opposite sides of the mountain and meet up at the top. Parking can be a pain, so I recommend riding your bike if possible (there are bike racks at both trailheads):The Cholla Trail trailhead (east side of the mountain) is on E Cholla Ln, which heads west off of N Invergordon Rd just north of the Phoenician, about halfway between McDonald and Camelback. Park along N Invergordon Rd and walk up E Cholla Ln. The Echo Canyon Trail trailhead (northwest corner of the mountain) is on N Echo Canyon Circle, which heads south off of E McDonald. There's actually a parking lot at the trailhead, complete with porta-potties and a water fountain, but it's pretty small and fills up fast. There's a little more parking along N Echo Canyon Circle, and then a couple of bigger parking lots further west down E McDonald (North side of the road). It's a pretty good walk/jog from these lots, though.Both trails rock, but I prefer Echo. Cholla's nice and steady, slowly getting higher and harder with each turn. Echo, on the other hand, is all over the place - you're going up, you're going down, you're going around - it really keeps you on your toes. And Echo's got those rail sections everybody loves. Cholla's definitely got it's own some steep sections, too, but they're all right near the top. All things considered, I think Cholla is the easier of the two.THINGS TO REMEMBER:1. Water - you're gonna need it, so bring plenty of it.2. Shoes - sneakers will work, but you're going to wish you had something a little more REI.3. Gloves - I'm surprised I don't see more people wearing 'em. They really come in handy, especially on those steep sections where you're climbing a lot - or when you eat shit and land on your palms.4. Ettiquette - YIELD, people! Hikers going down yield to hikers going up, and Hikers with kids/dogs yield to everybody.Be careful, and have fun.
4	Hiking Camelback is tough work. I am proud to say I climbed it a few times this spring.   But it kicks my butt. With that said , be careful out there   people. I am so shocked to see people who have no business being up there , up there.   And please if your toddler is crying as you drag them up maybe you should rethink the outing a bit. It looks like others have given their  hiking tips. My thoughts are if you have knee problems , feet problems or joint problems you may not feel it at the beginning but you will.You will be up at the top huffing and puffing realizing you bit off more than you chew. Have fun but be wise.
5	Head up the north side if you want your ass kicked, head up the east side for something more mellow.  Either way you're in for a great hike and the best view in the valley.
4	I may look like I'm in shape but it's clearly obvious to everyone else how little I exercise whenever I attempt Camelback.Most recently I went a day after I had surgery (ok so it was my wisdom teeth being yanked out, but still).  Grandmothers, people with dogs, & children were going faster than me.I've never felt like such a slug in my life.  Christ, there was even one chick who had a fucking parrot (yes a PARROT) on her shoulder the whole way up and down.  Thanks for making me look like a loser in front of all the hotties on the trail.... :(
5	I was born in Scottsdale and remember Camelback from my childhood, it is kind of my personal mountain as I climbed around it as a wee little man, picking up rocks and getting stuck by cactus, looking for snakes and lizards.We returned awhile ago to go to Spring Training and it all came back to me again. In a different place than I remember but the shape was the same. Plus, now people are all walking all over it like ants in an anthill. It is quite amazing to see really old people going up the steep mountain like goats in the hot, hot heat. Hope I can do that when I get there.Anyway, Camelback is a central destination for Phoenixites, for fun and exercise. Just remember to always take hats, sunscreens and water when you go. It's dangerous without it. And the mountain is MUCH steeper than you think.
4	It is more like a big hill.  Love to watch the lightening storms from atop this place.  Don't some camels have 2 humps?
5	It wasn't smart coming here at 12pm. We were drenched with sweat by the time we reached the top...and running out of water! ahhh. Then again, we didn't expect the hike to be so long. The steps at the bottom eased us in..it was a nice leisurely stroll for a good 10 mins. Then..BAM! All these rocks come out of nowhere! A pleasant surprise, I guess. It was fun though, climbing like monkeys up to the top. Once at the peak, the view was amazing, of course. A 360 view of Scottsdale, Phoenix...and very far off in the distance, was SAN DIEGO (where we were visiting from). We definitely felt accomplished that day and celebrated with some ICE CREAM & Sprinkles cupcakes! Hey, we deserved it. :)
5	Since today I hiked Camelback (the echo canyon side) for the first time of the "season", I thought I'd review it. And how out of shape do I feel now! I used to hike Camelback 2-3 times a week until I hurt my knee last year, and I would make pretty good time. Not today, I am embarrassed to say it almost took me twice as long...I am going to blame it on the still 100 degree heat and unrelentless sun! I love this hike because of the great location right in the middle of P.V. and usually it is a pretty short and intense hike, so I can get my workout for the day done quick. Since I have a short attention span, long hikes aren't good for me! I also love Camelback for the rock climbing it offers, so close to home! Bonus! I actually saw a few newbies top roping today! But climbers, beware! The rock is pure choss! I have had holds come off in my hands and I've slide down the rock on my belly! Painful! Thank goodness I was just bouldering!  Another thing...watch out for the tourists! They can be a hazard! Especially coming down the mountain.Get out and enjoy the views!
5	Ok....first of all I have to say...I do love tourists as I am often one myself. But if you are a tourist and never have hiked in your life please don't hike Camelback! As I am coming down the other day after breaking my "record", I come up to this woman clutching the fence for her dear life. I try to go around her and end up falling on my butt, sliding down the rocks! Nice! Thanks for the "rock rash" on my lower back! Its sexy! Seriously watch out for damn tourists!
4	During my few trips to Phoenix (particularly the Scottsdale area) I always find myself thinking that it reminds me a lot of Boca Raton, Florida (where I grew up), but with mountains. And personally I think the mountains make Phoenix so much cooler than my hometown- sorry to my fellow Floridan yelpers.Camelback Mountain is the 2nd mountain I've hiked in Phoenix (the first was Pinnacle Peak).  I guess there are 2 sides and Gabi K and I went up the Cholla side. I thought it was pretty much the same as Pinnacle Peak in terms of difficulty.  I was huffing and puffing a bit, but definitely still enjoyable. We had a gorgeous view, which I missed out on cause I was too worried about looking down at the group so I wouldn't trip. I also discovered after hiking past 10 dogs that it's a dog friendly trail!You can park on the street nearby.  We made the mistake of parking a bit far, but that just meant a bit of an extra workout for us. OR another option is to take a limo to the start of the mountain, which we actually saw 2 gals do!  Um, only in Scottsdale...
5	Why oh why don't i do this more often?This is the question I ask myself every time I hike Camelback.  My answer?  I have no clue.  I really should.  But for some reason, I end up hiking when I have visitors in town and not much more than that... I hiked the Cholla Trail this morning with my sister who is in from Chicago.  I figured this would be a good one for us since I haven't hiked in a while and my sister obviously hasn't either.  It was perfect!  The sun was shining but it wasn't too hot.  It also wasn't too crowded.  It's a fun hike - not too challenging, but gorgeous views.  We really enjoyed it and I may try and drag her ass back there tomorrow to do it again!I also love that Camelback is dog-friendly... Minnie loves hiking!  Now that we live so close, I hope to take my 'best friend' with me to hike a lot more often - no more excuses for me!One of these days, I am going to really challenge myself and do cholla and echo and back again.  Let me know if you're up for a day hike like that sometime... maybe we can make it into a UYE?!
5	Great rock scrambling!! I did feel a little wimpy when people were running what I am hiking... how sad.Love it for the easy access... except for the parking situation that sucks!And, since it is about the only major hill not many options.
5	I figured I had to give a shout out to the mountain. If it weren't for running my booty up this trail, I wouldn't be able to eat out and drink  as much as I do, and then life could be boring... thank you Camelback, thank you.
5	This is the premiere hiking spot in the valley as far as I'm concerned.  Don't try to go on a Saturday at 9 or 10 a.m., yes, it will be packed!  How about 8 a.m.?  The views are awesome, the shade from the Camelback is great in summer, after a rain - it is lush and green!Take more water than you think you need and don't leave behind anything!  There are occasionally a few dogs, never had any bad experiences hiking here - the view from the top is worth the effort ! !
4	I really cannot believe the beating my body took hiking the camel's hump...  I mean, I thought I was in pretty good shape!  But this cute, little Chihuahua kicked my butt on the way up!!! I'm gonna keep doing this, because the view from the top is worth it.  Oh, and because I want to take friends to Camelback when they visit ... and I can't stand to be beat by the tiny dog anymore!
5	Yes, I hiked! And yes, it was awesome...in all respects of that word. The industrious and uber-fit Miss Gabi K and her super dog Minnie swept us to Camelback for a mid-morning hike. Beautiful weather. Stunning views.  A brisk, yet accessible hike. I was huffin' and puffin', but hey...I blame the altitude. Or, perhaps it's just that I am not in good shape? I side with the former!  ;) It is just beautiful, and was such a fun, cool way to workout, see the scenery and enjoy the sunshine. Yeah, I sound all gurgly and happy...blame it on some actual vitamin D via the big hot dot. Ha! Yes, sun. Amazing. Oh, and we saw the San Francisco Giants doing some cross training. HOT. Bring water, solid shoes for climbing and a camera. For sure. Thanks Gabi!
5	someone once told me hiking isn't a big deal, "it's just walking on a path"this is no ordinary walk.  it's a thrilling hike with challenges and gorgeous views.  it's quite the workout.  there are certain points on this hike where i feel like i'm actually rock climbing.  parking can be insane on weekends but it's worth waiting 15 minutes for a spot to open.
4	Happy to join the club of those who have hiked up the Summit Trail of Camelback. After all the warnings about how hard it is, I was pleasantly surprised that it was fun. And the view from the top is pretty spectacular. But there was a guy there taking pictures of people as well as the vista. I hope he wasn't trying to do some side business. Last time I checked, it's a mountain top there, not Sears Portraits.Anyway, my body definitely is still feeling the effects of hiking up and down. But it's a good pain. The only hard part is when you have to traipse among all the rocks. You just need to be careful where you put your feet as you scale up or down. Definitely bring at least one 16 oz. bottle of water and a snack to have at the top so you have energy for the downward return. People going up have the right of way but really, I just do my best to yield to whoever. Not worth it. And people are generally nice. My friend and I parked down McDonald on 56th Street. It took us less than 10 minutes to walk over to the trail. I don't understand why people can't do that instead of idling in their cars, wasting fuel just to wait for a space in a fairly small parking lot.Glad I did this before summer arrives!
4	This is obviously the mecca of the Phoenician mountain hikes, and deservedly so. Camelback is the perfect mix of central location, unparalleled views and, most importantly, a grueling workout. I love hiking this mountain because of the mix of rock types. It starts out as red rock near the base up to the hella scary rails, then very suddenly changes to a granite look-alike (Anyone know if that's actually granite about halfway up? It sure looks like it.) The last leg is bascially boulders that you have to crawl over, but the view at the top is an unbeatable 360-degree view of the Valley. Though South Mountain has a more centralized view, on Camelback you really feel on top of the whole Valley.My only complaints: First, the parking is a nightmare, especially on the weekends. Perhaps it's just due to its reputation (and the surplus of multimillion-dollar homes in the area), but it can be hard to find a spot. Plus, people like to jockey for position on those rails, especially coming down, so be careful you don't take a tumble.
4	Whew! Talk about intense!For a first-timer, I was not expecting the intensity Camelback threw at me! Having hiked the trails at Thunderbird, Camelback is not even closely related. The paths are mostly rocky terrain that is very vertical in nature... not too many flat, graveled areas.It was totally worth it though, to get to the top (and then make it back to the bottom in one piece!) Bring plenty of water and make sure your shoes are comfy ones; in fact, I'd recommend hiking shoes, but I survived in old tennis shoes (that left my feet a bit achy the next day.)I saw kids tackling the mountain, but I wouldn't recommend a first timer take their child with them with the intention of making it to the top.People had their dogs too, but once again, if you're a first-timer, I wouldn't recommend bringing the pooch. The mountain was VERY crowded on the weekend, as I hear it typically is and expect to park a bit away and make a hike to the start of the mountain.
3	Ok, I have to be a stickler on this one. We were looking for a reasonable hike on our day off to get a little exercise and be outdoors in Phoenix while there on vacation. SG checked some other sites for listings, not looking at YELP. If he had, he would have noticed that all the reviews, though highly rated, talk about the high intensity and rocky terrain. The other sites said "easy to moderate". Uh huh, right. So, we found a rock star parking spot on the little street leading up to the park entrance and did not wait for the line to allow one person at a time into the lot. That would have took a half hour on its own. We ventured up and started into the park. Fairly quickly you get into ROCKY terrain with some definite climbing. Ok, so maybe this is just a little bit of the hike. NOPE. Pretty much the whole thing! I really did not have much trouble with going up this mountain. I would not say that I could or would ever want to run it (or do it twice, three times, or 4 times like some of the folks on the trail), but I am in ok shape to breath heavy and keep going. SG on the other hand was not in shape for this mountain. Going down, I was the pokey chicken. I do not like going down. I would rather sweat and breath hard going up all day long. This rocky terrain is treacherous. I myself am too timid for this type of descent. I would have preferred a non rocky hike, even with the elevation gain. Just be warned.
5	As of this morning, this is my new means of a regular workout. Overall, it's a great way to burn calories, get your heart rate up while getting a great view all at once.After being warned by my mother that the northern trail was "basically rock-climbing", I was releaved when I found out that it was nothing that extreme. It's a pretty solid track all the way up until you hit the last stretch. It's called Camelback mountain because it looks like a camel, and the first part you see on the northern trail is what you think is the camel's hump. Wrong. That's just the head. The HUGE, hidden crag that the head covers up from your inital view is the camel's hump. Once you reach that point, you will curse yourself, your mother, and the day you were born for going through with all this and how the mountain tricked you into thinking it would be a cake walk. That last stretch before you reach the peak is brutal, so make sure you've got a bunch of water bottles or a camelbak on you as well as something to satiate your stomach. When you've made it to the top, you're treated to what is likely the best view in the city. It's natures way of patting you on the back before she lets you sprain your ankle on steep way back down. Once you've made it back you can add Ben Stiller's quote from Heavyweights as your line for the day: "Stragglers get left behind... I know I did." You deserve it, so use that line with pride.
5	I did it! That's right, I hiked all the way to the top of Camelback Mountain. And not just me, but my boyfriend and my toy Australian Shepherd, Frankie. If you take nothing else from my review, please note that this is a difficult hike for dogs. Large dogs will probably get stuck at the last stretch where the trail narrows, and you more or less have to hang on to the side of the mountain as you shimmy across. And personally, I wouldn't attempt to push a dog to complete that part as it could be very dangerous. Fortunately, Frankie is small and athletic, so he was able to make it by himself to that point, and was able to be carried through the most difficult parts. Also, if you have a small, fairly inactive dog, make sure that you have some sort of dog back/front pack to carry them once they get tired. And most importantly, MAKE SURE TO BRING PLENTY OF WATER FOR DOGS!! Now that I'm done with that... This was a great hike. At 5'4", this was a fairly intense hike for me, and I had some trouble keeping up with my 6'1" boyfriend and our little hiker dog. And boy was I thankful for my Camelback! We went on a Friday afternoon, so the trail wasn't too busy. There were quite a few people running up and down the trail which always makes me a bit nervous, but being aware of the runners and making room for them to pass helps to ease my anxiety. The views on the way up were incredible. You get a primo look at the Phoenician which will have you dying to schedule a visit for some drinks on their patio. You also get to check out the super expensive mountainside mansions. But as I was saying before, this is a reasonably intense hike, so if you're not an incredibly experienced hiker, be sure to take it slow. It took us about four hours in total to make it from the car to the mountain, all the way up, all the way down and back to the car. So make sure to carve out a decent chunk of time. As tough as the hike can be, and as much as you may just want to lay down and pass out at some points, the view from the top is the reason to keep going. Once you get to the top, it's almost as if you've joined an elite club of super hikers! :) Have fun, take water and watch out for rattle snakes!
5	this was my first time really hiking and since i can be overconfident i kinda didnt respect it for its difficulty but it was tough and it kicked my ass but i probably wasnt in as good shape as i thoght i was since a lot of people passed me including old ones lol. it took me over an hour to reach top but when i did get there the view was well worth it....its like an oasis in the middle of a busy city, if u wanna get away from from phx but cant get away from it then just use camelback to go above it. oh yea its best to try going on weekdays and i went in late oct but i dont know if i would dare try it in the summer.
5	Everyone needs to hike this! As others have said, this "hike" is really more of clambering over boulders...but if you can manage to employ all your limbs at any given time and make it to the top, it's well worth it. Coming from the SF Bay Area, I'm not used to seeing such large expanses of land all around me, and the summit makes for a killer panoramic view of the valley. Parking is ridiculous on the weekends, so don't even bother going up Echo Canyon Pkwy to look for spots. Instead, go west down McDonald and find a sidestreet without those unfriendly DO NOT PARK HERE signs. The extra half-mile walk won't kill ya =).
4	I try and hike this baby...er...monster 3x a week. It's a great cardio workout and never seems to get any easier if you try and go faster and faster every time. The best time to go is in the early morning around 7 where you can actually get a parking spot. Otherwise, try and miss the lunch hour rush and go around 2ish if the weather isn't too hot. If you do come here and it's super packed (weekends, thursdays and fridays-does anyone work in AZ?) you're going to have to park around and down Tatum, I believe. The reason for my 4 stars is really for the parking situation. It sucks.  Look at it as a warm-up to your hike?I've fallen many times on this mountain...sometimes I'll kick its ass, and other times, it owns mine. And if you hear anyone trampling downhill behind you...please move to the side so that they can pass you. I hate it when I run over people. It makes me feel bad...kind of.The view is great at the top and definitely worthwhile. I prefer Camelback to Squaw Peak because the scenery has more color to it. Squaw Peak is a bit too gray for me. I try and take my friends up here so I can catch up with them outside of a bar and also get my workout on. Kill 2 birds with one stone...that is, if they don't die. I know, I'm gangsta.
5	News flash: if you are afraid of falling from high places, this is not the hike for you.But I, of course, am far too stubborn to let a silly fear of falling stop me from climbing small mountains.Camelback on the way up is tough for non-mountain folks like myself.  When you think you MUST be almost to the top, you realize that you're nowhere near it... and so you keep going...  When you finally reach the summit, however, the view is worth every single step up that godforsaken trail.  On clear days (most days) you will have an absolutely incredible view of the valley.  And then you have to go DOWN.  To be honest, going down probably took me twice as long as the uphill climb.  Not the SAFEST place on earth, for sure, which is why I could NOT believe how many parents had their small (okay, like age 5+) children with them!  (If I worked for child services, I would have every one of their asses arrested for reckless endangerment.  But that's just me. Do what you will with your own tiny gifts of life.)Bottom line: if you're not great with heights or falling or a tough workout, you will hate this.  But do it anyway.  It's worth it.  And later you can tell the children of your precious gifts of life that you did.  Magic.
5	One of my favorite things to do in the valley. Warning: this isn't your everyday hike - it's more like an intense climb. Be sure to pack lots of water and wear appropriate clothing (I always feel sorry for tourists I see that are wearing flip flops, jeans or other uncomfortable hiking gear).Although it's a bit strenuous, it's a fantastic workout and has beautiful views from the top! Parking at Echo Canyon can be a nightmare on the weekends, so try to go super early or have someone drop you off/pick you up.
4	Both the east and west trails are a lot of fun and the views are worth it at the top, well... at least on a clean air day, if there is such a thing here in Phoenix.  Nagging problem is the parking, otherwise it would be a 5 star hike for views, convenient location, and trail quality.
5	This is Phoenix' sacred mountain; a prestigious namesake for numerous surrounding areas and businesses. This is perhaps one of the greatest landmarks in the city and is, in a sense, a geological addition to the skyline. It's noticeable from the air upon arrival or departure into Sky Harbor, sitting north of the flight path. Whether or not you hike it, you will notice it as it is visible from most parts of the Valley. You may also notice it change colors throughout the day. It's a simultaneous "must-see" and "can't-help-but-see" attraction in Phoenix.
4	If you want to test your level of agility, Camelback is a good place to do so. I've successfully hiked this mountain before, years ago.. but I will admit. I don't work out anymore. I'm relatively lazy unless there is a swimming pool, softball glove or football in front of me, so when asked to go on my first hike in years, I couldn't say no. I need to get my ass back in shape. I was told, the hike to the hike is a hike. And it was indeed, about a 10 min. walk give or take, but its good for "warming up" if you're trying to be optimistic. Once we hit the trail, I got about 20 minutes into it, and FML, I was seeing stars and my lungs were on FIRE. At this point my body was telling me, "Nikki, you've been gone for 5 years, you are no longer acclimated to this climate, you are dehydrated, you are no longer 20, you shouldn't have had so much to drink last night and you're on day 3 of no smoking, your lungs are f'd up..Stop" Alas, I would rather stop than push myself into heat exhaustion. If anything, take this review as a warning that no matter how badassical you think you are, drink tons of water and take it easy.. it was a nice little wake up call and since I am not a quitter (aside from the cigarettes), I am totally going to concur this mountain again. The beautiful views of the valley are so worth it.
5	absolute great place only minutes from our house. so pretty and just plain fabulous. you don't have to plan much, just a pair of shoes, sunglasses, and water....and you can be done in under an hour to get the rest of your "chores" done for the day. but beware of dog owners who don't know etiquette and hikers who have the headphones up too loud....they won't hear you coming up until you literally have to sprint around them (at which point they usually act completely shocked that you didn't try to ask them for a pass).
5	As I was sitting on a rock at the top of Camelback this morning, I was thinking two things (OK, maybe more than two things, but mostly two things:)    1- I wonder what I should write about this little sojourn for Yelp? :-)    2- I wonder what would be good for breakfast? :-)And they say men are complicated...no, we are not complicated at all:)We are indeed delicate hot-house flowers (like orchids or something:) that must nurtured and cared for by the feminine half of the population:)We men have our little needs that must be met, or like the children that we are (in the greater sense of us all being children of the universe:)...we can grow petulant and cranky that we aren't getting our way (once again, needing to be saved from ourselves by the distaff side of the population:)Just ask us...we'll tell you exactly what we are thinking...and while it may not make any sense whatsoever, it will, in fact, be what we are thinking...go ahead, ask...I'll wait:-)At any rate, I was sitting on the rock and thinking about what to write about Camelback Mountain for Yelp...I could write:    - It's gem (although not a hidden gem...you can see this sucker clearly from an altitude of 130 miles on Google Earth...you can't hide a mountain in the middle of a city:)    - It's a terrific walk:)...I really do enjoy my strolls up this little hump:) It's not like climbing back in Oregon or California (Mt. Hood, Mt. Rainier, and Mount Shasta all have snow on them, pretty much all the time...they are frikkin' freezing, pretty much all the time and they all take 2 days to climb, pretty much all the time...none of that here:)...Warm and sunny, a little breeze at the top...2 hours total, including some meditation time at the top:)    - You meet a bunch of nice people and you can chitchat on the trail...and isn't that a great part of any park experience?...I think so, too:) It occurred to me that maybe I write too much on Yelp, while I was sitting up there, contemplating my navel...but that can't be the case...I'm barely 85,000 words into my Yelping:)And last, but certainly not least, I found the answer to at least one of the questions I was asking myself up on Camelback...retox breakfast at Lolo's after I got down:-]This is, indeed, living the dream:)
4	My trip to Phoenix is never complete without getting in a morning hike. And Camelback's Echo Trail was conveniently located just 10 minutes (walking distance) from the beautiful Montelucia Resort.  The hubby and I laced up our sneakers, grabbed a few bottles of water (a must when hiking in Phoenix) and got ready for some huffing and puffing.15 minutes into the hike my husband stopped a few peeps on their way back to ask how much longer we had. They giggled a bit, which I took to mean that we were just getting started...and then they let us know we still had 2 straight vertical trails to climb ahead!  Husband did not look happy!We attempted one of the verticals and then my other half told me he was done. I still had a bit of steam left in me and considered going up a bit higher when I looked around the corner and discovered a vertical climb that did NOT look fun.  Um yeah, time to turn around!!Going down is always more difficult for me cause descending stairs makes me nervous (thanks to a fall down a stairwell years ago that resulted in a concussion).  However, my husband seemed to enjoy going down much more than going up...go figure.Echo turned out to be a bit more difficult than the Cholla trail, but my burning calves will tell ya that it's a good workout.  Perhaps next time I'll make it to the top, although I'll probably have to leave the husband back at the hotel.
5	i still love this hill, especially the cholla canyon side (more parking, less crowded-sometimes). it's odd to me on the echo side to see people waiting in their idling cars for a parking spot to go hiking...kind of oxymoronic. anyway, just an update. extremely early runs up the hill have become my favorite as i only pass 2-3 people going up to the top and at the most, 10 on the way down. the lights of the city are so pretty, and you can be guaranteed a fabulous sunrise everysingle time you go up. but it's so cold now in the morning....even better for me...fewer folks!
5	After reading a couple yelp reviews, I headed out and hiked the Cholla trail, and sadly did not make it to the summit, due to the nightfall.Bring water and a FLASHLIGHT if you leave later in the afternoon.  I misjudged the A. Distance to the mountain from my hotel and B. the sun setting so early in late november (duh) Otherwise it was a beautiful hike.  As a novice hiker, I found the cholla trail totally manageable, even though the more experienced hikers hate the fact that the noobs are out on the hill.Had kind of a hard time trying to iPhone the location while driving there so hopefully this will help.Cholla Trailhead6100 E. Cholla LanePhoenix, AZ 85253
5	This review is for the Echo Canyon Trail.  I'm still sore from the hike 2 days ago - it kicked my fat bum but it was an awesome hike.   My comments:- This is a hard hike.  I thought it was really hard.  There are large portions of the hike when you are using hands and feet to climb the rocks.  There were a few obnoxious folks that ran all the way up and all the way down (as far as I could tell), but some folks didn't make it to the top.  Also, I saw quite a few folks with fresh open cuts and wearing other evidence of falls.  - Wear hiking boots if you have them.  Ankle support is very important on a hike like this where you are not really on a dirt path, but more so stepping on lots of random rocks.- Bring 1L of water and a protein snack.  I was dreaming that there would be a hamburger stand at the top, or better yet, an icecream truck.  No such luck.  Instead I stood there and salivated while I watched another woman eat her Luna bar.  I almost offered her $20 for the last bite, but decided against it.- The views are wonderful, so bring a camera if you can.  - I don't recommend this for kids less than 6-7 years, at the very youngest.  I saw quite a few kids on the trail and asked their parents how old they were.  The youngest was 5 - she was too young.  Another kid that looked about 8 years had a huge bloody gash on his knee.  I probably won't take my boys till they are 7 or 8 years old.- I wore jeans.  At first I was envious of the folks in comfy, fashionable athletic shorts and yoga pants, but on my way down, I was very grateful for my jeans.  There were many parts that were too steep to walk down, so I sort of slid on my butt.  For once, I was thankful for the extra padding on my big bum and a thick pair of jeans on my seat.  Lastly, parking was hard.  We ended parking about 1/2 to 3/4 miles down on Tatum.  Make sure to eat a hearty meal before you go.  Otherwise, happy hiking!
4	Camelback is bitter sweet.  I hike it every weekend with my dogs.  With the good always comes the bad.  -The mountain and hike itself...awesome.-The parking can suck at times.  If you aren't careful, you can get an $85 parking ticket.  I know from experience.-The people are what really make me give this mountain 4 stars.  It is heavily utilized by Scottsdale snobs and brain dead bimbos.Between the idiots with their off leash dogs, the bimbos in their $500 hiking outfits with perfume and make-up caked on talking on their cell phones completely oblivious to anyone around them,  the people who bring their little kids to this mountain (this is NOT a hike for a kid under 7 years old) and the people who won't get out of your way if you actually want to get a workout in, instead of sight seeing and taking 5 hours to hike the mountain, it can be painful at times.  I have literally walked behind people with my 2 dogs for upwards of 15 minutes right on their heels, breathing down their necks and they did everything in their power to not let me pass them.  It really is that ridiculous sometimes.  I end up having to go off the trail to get past them.I won't lie, I have come close to launching people off of this mountain at times, but I don't want to go to jail for murder.  Otherwise, I would probably toss about 5 people off every time I go.Camelback is 8 minutes from my home so I always end up there.  It is a great workout and the views are awesome.  My dogs also love to hike it.  The only downfall is the crowd you have to deal with at times.  If you have a decent tolerance level for pinheads, I recommend Camelback Mountain.  Oh yah, the eye candy on this mountain can be very nice as well. ;)
5	I think I can see my house from here...  Well, probably not, but I did enjoy the panoramic view of Phoenix from the top of Camelback!   My intention was to do the Summit (Echo Canyon) trail, but even though it was pretty early the line of cars waiting to park reminded me of a gym with valet parking.  Oxymoronic, or just stupid?  Of course I had not researched other parking options, so off to the Cholla trail I went.The first part of the hike was a quick half-mile walk from the car on Invergordon to the trailhead, since closer parking isn't allowed.  A good opportunity to warm up before starting the 3+ mile round trip.  The majority of the trail wasn't too difficult - a clearly marked steady climb, alternating between switchbacks and straight areas.  The views were breathtaking.  The real fun started about 1 mile from the trailhead.  This is what I came for!  Boulders to scramble, and the way up marked by blue dots spray-painted onto the rocks.  This was my favorite part, even though I am not exactly a fan of heights and some of the narrower areas were tricky (visions of me possibly just sliding down the side... ick).  At the top, I took some time to enjoy my reward - a 360 degree view from the highest point in Phoenix.   Next time, Echo Canyon.  I just have to get up a little earlier!
4	I had a fantastic hike yesterday! I have hiked Camelback once before, but was unable to go very far due to the extreme heat and my lack of water. I wasn't too smart on that venture. This time I came prepared; camel pack full of water, ear buds in and camera in hand for those nice lookout moments! It was great! I choose hiking over working out in a traditional gym due to I get bored easily, and there is a perfect balance of rise and fall in the workout. The best part is the railing they have so conveniently installed in those very steep areas. I have a completely irrational fear of going down hill and I was able to concur that mountain no problem. Only down side is the parking situation. If you park down the street and hoof it up to the trail you are half tired out before you even get on the mountain or you can wait in like to park in the lot right at the trail but that could take you upwards of 30 min. Good luck! It's a great time!
3	It was a really long hike but it was great views....i might go back :)
5	I hike Squaw/Piestewa Peak pretty much every day because of abode proximity but I think Cholla trail is my favorite in the Valley. I hiked it today, in fact, with the notorious Amber W and Nathan S. Park on 64th St (Invergordon). Hike to the hike (10 mins from parking to hiking) and break some hearts with your sexy new legs, which this multi-difficulty level trail grants to the faithful. I'm the guy with the weighted vest that looks like a terrorist sport coat. I promise, they're just 3lb lead weights. The only TNT is my beating heart. A hike to the halfway point is about 45 minutes for what I'm going to describe as the average person, even though I've met you and know instinctually you're most certainly not average. The second half of the hike is more challenging. Steep drop offs. Cliffs. Edges. And the like. Just use a modicum of caution and you'll be fine. The best part though, is that you can easily sprint down the Cholla trail. Like, by sprint, I mean run as fast as you can. Book it. It's a freaking video game for your mind, body, soul triumvirate. I don't like the Echo Canyon hike off Lincoln. It's steeper, less amazing scenery, and I just feel totally weird about it every time I do it. Like the mojo is bad. However, a hike to the top from either side is a wildly splendid view. We live in one of the most amazing metro areas in the world. To have these hikes so available is just so lucky. Take advantage!
5	What an awesome hike.  This mountain is an adult sized playground that allows hikers to choose a variety of paths both up and down the mountain.  There are paths for people looking for more of a challenge, and paths that are a bit easier.  Either way, it's a challenge to get to the top, but what a reward when you get there.An unobstructed 360 degree panoramic view that stretches for what seems like 100 miles in every direction.I was originally hesitant about committing to a hike listed as difficult that is only 2.2 miles round trip, but, after today, I would call this hike a must do for anyone traveling to, or living in Phoenix that is healthy enough to handle some serious up-hill hiking.As a bonus, it's not even that time consuming, you can get up and down in less than 2 hours, unless you want to enjoy a little bit more of the summit.PLEASE! If you have the opportunity, do this hike.
3	This review is based on my experience attempting to climb up Camelback's Echo Canyon trail.  The Echo Canyon trail is not for beginners.  It's very very steep and in some phases (especially when the polls exist) you're literally rock climbing instead of hiking.  The trail starts off fairly easy.  There are a lot of steps which are manageable but after that you could easily be on all fours. I definitely recommend wearing pants and clothes you are willing to get dirty.  If you fall on this trail and are wearing shorts, you're going to get some nice cuts and bruises.  I also recommend bring at least one bottled water (a camelback or backpack is preferred but make sure you can  get hydrated.)We tried to go up the mountain as part of a tour (which will be reviewed separately).  Unfortunately, it started to rain pretty hard during our ascent and the rocks and polls were just too slippery for us to ascend and decend safely.  (Even the experts were on all fours trying to get down the mountain).The views throughout the trail are spectacular.  By any means you do not have to reach the summit to get spectacular views of Phoenix, Scottsdale, and Paradise Valley.  There are a number of places towards the beginning are perfect for taking pictures.All in all, if you're a hiking expert, you'll probably love the challenge of Echo Canyon.  If you're not, you can at least do a portion of the trail and still get the beautiful view.  In the future I'd like to try out the Cholla trail on a nice dry day.
4	I've only hiked Camelback once, but I felt so accomplished (albeit winded, and mere minutes away from passing out).We started the hike at 6 in the morning, and got to watch the sunrise while we made our way up the trail.  I thought it wasn't going to be a bad hike, but things get tougher about two-thirds up.  Things starting getting vertical at some points, and I wasn't really prepared for that.It was totally worth it once we got to the top, though - gorgeous, 360 view of the Phoenix metro area (and really, much more than that).  And watching the sunrise with someone special is pretty awesome too.
3	I read several reviews of this hike before going. On Trails.com, it's listed as Easy. I'm an experienced hiker, and there's no way this trail is easy. Wear good approach shoes, long pants if possible, and gloves if you want extra protection for your hands on the rails or on the rocks.This place is very crowded on the weekends. You are not likely to find a parking place if you arrive much after sunrise. Go during the week if you can.The views from the summit are very rewarding and worth the climb.
5	Two blistered hands, one bruised knee, and a killer sunburn are souvenirs from my inaugural hike up the echo canyon trail.It's more like rock climbing than hiking and it's a great workout because it requires both cardio and strength skills.It's not a hike for those who are wanting solitude, but that's okay for me because I usually go alone and I would be thankful for the witnesses had I taken a nosedive off the side of the mountain.Parking was awful on a Wednesday morning and I had to park 1/2 a mile down the street in a residential neighborhood.  The view from the top is amazing and well worth the effort.  Five Stars.
5	Hiking Camelback up through echo canyon is one of the best things about living in Arizona! It's a strenuous hike but well worth the effort. I feel like Spiderman everytime I head up the steep rocky areas of the hike. It's a matter of grabbig onto the right rocks and pulling yourself up. In some cases it's better to not look back just keep heading up!The parking on this side of the mountain is quite challenging but worth the wait. I ususally sit in my car in line while slowly each car moves up into the parking area. Take water and a camera to capture some of the best views of the valley,
4	This is by far the toughest hike I've done in the valley.  I wont even consider if I am even a little hung over, or if it's too hot 90+degrees.  But, if the weather is right, and I'm feeling good, watch out!  I'll suffer the whole way, but feel so damn proud when I hit the top.  After you hit the hump, you will need to do some climbing on all fours.. so be ready for it!  Bring gloves if it't hot.
5	I cursed Camelback several times on the way up.  I would look around and excuse myself, but I found everyone else was in agreement with me- this mountain deserved the f-bomb. Whoever said this was easy also deserves the f-bomb.    That being said, it was completely worth it.  The view from the top is amazing... because every fit man the eye can see is shirtless.  There were several times throughout the hike that I felt like I was either a contestant on The Biggest Loser or that kid from Into The Wild.  You literally climb up and over rocks.  I even saw two rescues the day I climbed, it was rumored one lady broke her leg.  I'm surprised that lady wasn't me.  Let me put it this way, you know you're working hard when your butt is covered in dirt and sweat drips down the lens of your sunglasses.  Why anyone would start the hike midday is beyond me.  Go early in the morning and avoid the heat.  Also, take more than one bottle of water.  I ran out 3/4 of the way up, but luckily my friend had extra. Nothing feels better than making it to the top.  As a reward I spent the rest of the day poolside at the Camelback Inn drinking margaritas.  Extremely easy pool to crash.  I think I may have to make this a monthly excursion... I'll call it Torture and Tequila Saturdays.
5	Hiking Camelback Mountain has to have been the most difficult 1 1/2 mile hike (Just up, 3 miles total) that I have ever been on. While it is not a very far distance the increase in elevation is over 1000 feet in that short mile and a half. The first thing that I recommend is either getting to Echo Park at bright and early (between 4:30-5:30 am) or, if you come later as I did just parking in the overflow parking. You can find a simple map to the overflow parking at: http://phoenix.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/Camelback-Mountain-Trailhead-Overflow-Parking.pngThe walk to the Echo Canyon trail head to the overflow parking is only about 20-25 minutes and it is almost guaranteed to be faster than driving around looking for a parking spot somewhere else. The trail itself takes about 20 minutes to actually get difficult but when it does decide to start getting hard it does not let up for a moment. There are chain link fences at a couple of places in the hike to stop people from accidentally tumbling over very steep ledges and even handrails at times for more support up the trickiest sections of the hike. The good and bad of this hike is how crowded it is. There will rarely be a moment where you wont see someone coming or going for more that 50 yards at a time. This means that while there is little to no quiet and privacy, that if something were to happen to you there would be plenty of witnesses.The rest at the top is wonderful. The view is by far the best in the valley and something that I recommend to everyone. Take 20 minutes or so to eat a snack, drink some water, take a breather and take some breathtaking pictures from the summit. The summit is usually pretty crowded so you won't want to stay too long. Be careful on the way back. It can be very tricky navigating some of the areas and twisted ankles and even broken legs are not terribly uncommon. Again, take you time and take plenty of breaks when you need them and you should be OK.Don't forget to take plenty of water, I recommend at least a liter per person if you go in the morning and more that that if you do in when it is warmer outside.
5	How could you write a bad review about a mountain?  Great sight to see.
5	I have yet to hike any of the trails on this mountain without projectile vomiting. Tried the Summit Trail the other day and seriously thought I was going to die. If you choose this route you're going to get dirty, and you're going to get confused. I also recommend wearing pants if you are as clumsy as I am, otherwise you will end up with 400 bruises, scrapes and a substantial sized gash that might require stitches because you WILL end up crawling at some point, unless you're a rock climber..... Or Jesus. Oh, and there are scorpions. I finally saw one in real life and almost shit my pants. PARKING SUUUUUCKS, especially on the weekends.. Also, AT&T does not work here, shocking, so don't attempt this alone or without TONS of water unless you are an extremely experienced hiker. I certainly am not and It may be a while before I attempt this bitch again, because im pretty sure Camelback Mountain is trying to kill me.
4	I have a theory. I think that every resort in town tells active and inactive travelers alike that before they leave, the one thing they need to do is climb Camelback Mountain. I completely 100% agree...BUT you must be prepared before you go, especially if you do Echo Canyon. Camelback Mountain is by no means a hard climb for the serious hiker. Expert climbers would laugh at the thought and I've known some professional athletes to hike the mountain multiple times in the middle of the summer for training purposes. But, that's for the experienced hiker, not the visitor who hasn't experienced nature or a hike before. One thing you must know is that the Echo Canyon side has a lot of climbing. When I say climbing, I mean that at times, you hoist yourself up rocks and boulders and there are metal poles for assistance in some areas, should you need it. Imagine it like doing the stair master at a high level. The hike is a good workout but when you get to the top, it's well worth it. In summary, this is my advice. If you are a visiting and would like to do a leisurely desert stroll during your stay and are set on Camelback Mountain, do the Summit Trail. It's dusty, but you aren't climbing boulders. If you like to hike, you're ready for a climb and don't mind jumping over and onto boulders, check out Echo Canyon. My 20 pound Cockapoo made it to the top with me and I think you can too, but again...know what you're getting yourself into! I was climbing Echo Canyon one day and a group of 10 out of towners were stuck half way up the first group of rock boulders and they were too afraid to go up and too afraid to go back down. Don't let that be you. :)
5	It's probably all been said but hey I just climbed Echo Canyon and I wanna throw my stars in! To all the people I've met who've lived here longer than I and who have climbing it on their list of things to do just go ahead and do it. Camelback gives goooood feeling!I have had the pleasure of hiking in many countries and I absolutely dig this kinda big boulder hiking with steep inclines, narrow crevices, and rock overhangs to sit beneath. We saw about 4 iguanas sunning, lots of hummingbirds, a squirrel, and 2 chipmunks. I failed to see what landed on my shoulder and bit me, :(,  a bee perhaps, but I smacked it away and my friend extracted the stinger from my skin! (I don't know what prompted the sting but I definitely won't wear white again. My tank was loaded with little black flying things and the others I met on the trail wearing white had the same complaints. Extra bugs due to the rain I hear.)And hey fellow hikers, that's a good sense of community you have there on the trail! Best part----climbing back down, sorta run/climb/jumping the rocks!!! It was hottt today, yeah, but we had a sweet breeze, lotsa water, a few Luna bars, and an apple. Be prepared, and take time to enjoy the journey!
5	I am proud to say that I have hiked the Echo Canyon side of Camelback a few times now, and have not died (yet)...  Surprisingly, it does get a wee bit easier each time.  At least this is what I tell myself.The route can be thought of as separate sections, each with different challenges.  First, a series of railroad ties forming stairs that lead up, up, up.  Just when those get tedious, up ahead are two sections of handrails.  Yes, handrails that will assist in traveling over some fairly slick rock sections.  After that, there are three steep rocky areas that require a little bit of concentration to find the best way up - a nice manicure is wasted on me - I have to use my hands!The views just after sunrise are breathtakingly beautiful, and well worth the effort of the climb and descent.  An amazing way to start the day (especially if you have a big 'ol brunch afterward!).Will I win any speed or grace awards?  No.  Do people running up and down (multiple times) intimidate and motivate me?  Yes.  Someday I will channel my 'inner mountain goat' too...Arrive early, bring water, be safe and enjoy one of my favorite things.
5	I can't believe I've lived here for 6 YEARS and have never hiked Camelback??!!Well, I proudly broke that boundary today. It's been something I've always said "I'll do that someday." And today was just that day. From reading other reviews, I took advice and went on the Cholla Trail. Sounds like the Echo Canyon is pretty advanced for me. But Cholla was a gorgeous hike! Great views... saw a couple iguanas... the hike made me proud to live in the desert. You'll definitely want to bring some water with, and some light sunglasses or a hat. Obviously don't forget your sunscreen. But I started around 7:30am and there was few other hikers. So it was pretty quiet... definitely was nice to take some breaks in solitude looking out over the valley. Make sure you have some closed-toed shoes with socks. Teva's without socks don't work so well going downhill. :)I think next time I'll bring a small pack so that I can bring a camera or something. Maybe my blackberry?? So I can post some pics right away. If you've been thinking about going, don't wait - GO!
5	This place was beautiful. Easy to navigate (the boulders have small blue paint as markers throughout the trail), with great views! We got there early to beat the heat (before 6am), and the place was surprisingly crowded with others looking to get a work-out in before the temperature was unbearable. The hike is easy enough for the novice, but pretty enough for those who are more experience to thoroughly enjoy.Loved it! Next time I want to try the other side (Echo Canyon) which is supposed to be much more difficult.
5	Everytime I go to Phoenix I make it a point to tackle Camelback.   I have gone on both trails but prefer the Summit trail.  Takes me about 45 minutes to climb and about an hour to come down.   The reward is to sit up on top of that huge rock with a great panoramic of Phoenix.  The people are friendly and the vibe between hikers is noticeable.   Tons of Scottsdale eye candy to help motivate you.  Bring more water then you think you will need and no opened toe shoes.   You do need to be in moderate shape at least.
5	Absolutely free! Semi rock climb, semi hike. Amazing views! Amazing air for you who have a breathing problem like me. Don't let the giant rocks get you down. You can do it!  I'm an absolute shorty and I did it. It was a rewarding euphoria reaching the very top of the hike. I will definitely come again!!
4	Nice view, a bit crowded. Parking not easy. The hike is a 5, the parking brings it down to a 4.5.  Be sure to bring plenty of water and some snacks to enjoy once you get to the top!
5	the ghetto bird, was out last nightrotors roaring, big searchlightyep, you guessed it, hiker strandedhope you don't mind, dose of candorhey dumbass, bring water, pleasehiking in hundred eight degrees?dehydration, c'mon clownssee, what goes up, must come downbut there they sat, dizzy, exhaustedtwo old ladies, from wisconsin     http://bit.ly/9qYXHMcholla trail in mid-julyladies luck, they could have diedsend the chopper, news will telllook, you're live on channel twelve!lynn sue cooney, "this just insomeone's stuck up there.... again"so when you wean yourself from yelp tv remotes, folks, it might helpto start out walking, 'round your blockbefore you step foot, on that rockit ain't for tourists, seniors, fattiescouch potatoes, grammas 'n daddiesall the above, please stay awayunless, of course, you want to sayi'm the dumbass, on the newsdubiously, the ones who you'veseen drive through washes, in a floodroof top, lifeboat, nine-one-oneor hiked a mountain, because it's thereno everest, but please bewareit ain't easy, long and steepno water stores, or spots to eat at people,  you've been cautionedEMTs, basket, you're tossed indangling, way up in the skysure as shit, you're now that guywe've all seen on the news and yelledyou idiot, it's hot as hell!who would climb up camelback?wisconsinites...imagine that...... say cheese : )
4	I'm an experienced hiker-backpacker...have done Mt. Whitney, San Gorgonio, San Jacinto, and Baldy(in CA) numerous times.  Camelback was a somewhat challenging but extremely short hike (1.2 miles from parking lot to summit if entering via Echo Canyon).  I hiked this on August 11 starting at 5:30 am and reached the summit at 6:15am.  The hike begins easily enough ascending on stairs made of railroad ties.  That transitions to increasingly steeper grades of rocky trail until you reach the summit.  On the YDS system, I would rate this as a class I to III, with good scrambling skills required for certain segments of this hike.  I didn't have any of my gear with me, but I was able to complete this hike in my trail runners and with a half-liter of water.  If you're out of shape, bring more water and take your time.  This is not a hike for young children.  A fall or misstep could result in injury.Once you reach the summit, you'll enjoy sweeping views of the greater Phoenix area and a beautiful sunrise.  I did not see any wildlife to speak of.  SOme of the rock formations on the way up where very interesting.  I assumed that the parking lot opened at 5:30 a.m., but when I got there at 5:30 a.m., the lot was full already and I had to park on Echo Canyon Dr. Just a word to the wise, this is a popular local hike, so get there early as parking is limited.Enjoy!
5	What a fresh, invigorating experience! Again and again I come back anytime I'm in AZ. Rewarding, challenging and a stunning view from the top. When running down, you feel like you're in a Kashi commercial. Go ahead, take on this beautiful experience.
3	The mountain itself is a beautiful place...but it is overrun with a combination of obnoxious loud talkers and pushy runners.  The solitude and enjoyment is absolutely ruined.  Don't be surprised if a lady with a terribly done face lift pushes by you while blasting her voice on a cell phone...while some foofy dog with a bandana is nipping at your heals.  The trails can be a bit slippy with loose gravel and rocks.  I say skip it...until they charge fees and maybe the mountain will be peaceful again!
4	One of Phoenix's best hikes!It's not an easy one either, You will be amazed at the giant boulders rolling through this city. This hike requires hands at times. Once you get to the top, it's a breathtaking view of the valley of the sun.I recommend hiking this during cooler months. You will not be disappointed. Perfect date! I pack my camelback with water and some snack like cheese, nuts and granola for the top. Enjoy the sunset.
4	Wonderful place to hike, great views from the top.  One of my favorite hikes.  There are great views at the summit, and it doesn't take to long to go up and down.  It can be a great work out before work in the morning.
5	Hands down the best outdoors activity you can do in PHX-proper!  If you are not savvy to the area, Camelback Mountain can be a hidden gem of something to do without spending a dime.I know, I know,  HIKING is not the most favorite option sometimes but it is totally worth it once you reach the top where you gaze at a 360 degree of the city desert.There are some steep parts where you will use your hands, but it's not that bad.  If you feel like giving up, don't.  I'm a casual hiker and I like to pace and take a few rest in between.Here, you get a variety of people, casual to experience to fitness types.  I prefer to hike during the AM so that I can build a nice appetite later for brunch.  Might I add, my favorite spot to grab some of that is Le Grande Orange, located 5 minutes from here.
5	Amazing sights but wow what a tough climb!  I only made it halfway today but will conquer it next time I swear! :)
5	First I have to say I prefer Camelback to Piestawa.   You have to do some real climbing-not like the other one which is kind of like a almost paved path until the last few hundred feet.  Of course, I am one of those crazy people that likes to run as much as I can when going up Camelback.  The views are beautiful from wherever you are on the trail so if you don't make it to the top it is still well worth going at least part way up.  I wish the parking situation was better but you can't have everything.
3	Once you can actually find a parking spot, this place is amazing to hike during the Fall and Winter months.  It can be a tad overcrowded after eight AM or so, so get there EARLY to avoid crowded paths.
1	Way too many people on this trail. Don't Go!!
4	Things to know before I gush about how much I love Camelback:-Be careful with rolling manual cars even with e-brake! (use a rock!)-Not all dogs are cut out for Camelback-You have to use your hands for parts-It gets really crowded early in the summer-Possible to run parts but there is no way I can do it all-If you look close in the summer, sometimes you can find a rattlesnake!-Say hi to Sunny, the 70 year old guy who hikes it 4 times a day!These are the things I have learned the hard way...over time I have found that although cute little dogs can bound the mountain my rhodesian ridgeback just don't have hops. Today, I was at the top with my friend when we were alerted our mini coop was on the run! Luckily some nice person saved the car and two spots became three and eventually we squeezed out. Lots of fun!
5	Classic hike.  In the center of the city with views of all the familiar spots in the East and West Valley.  It's a challenging hike, especially if you have never hiked before.  It's easily one of the best parts about living in Phoenix.My best recommendation is to plan your hike so that you can finish just before sunset (watch out for rattlesnakes though!).  There are few sunsets in the city more beautiful than the one from the 1/4 mile spot on the Echo Canyon trail.
5	Camelback MountainONE MOUNTAIN W/ 2 FANTASTIC TRAILS...Echo Canyon & Cholla trail - 64th St (Invergordon).Both offer amazing splendid scenery & a fantastic workout. This is one of my favorite thing about living in Phoenix!Caution! I've seen many people get helicoptered off this mountain!#1 reason heart attacks! This mountain is not the treadmill/stair master/eliptical training machine!#2 reason broken bones  Slippery trails w/ loose gravel, rocks, cliffs. & e rough sharp edges. The most dangarous thing about this mountain though is the idiots who pay attention to no one... A combination of obnoxious loud talkers, cell phone users and pushy runners!Just use caution and you'll be fine.I personally like to hike it mid-week & not on holidays inorder to find a little solitude...
4	My sister took me on a hike up camelback mountain and I have to say it was one of the most gorgeous hikes I have ever been on. The trail was fun yet challenging and although there were a lot of people on the mountain, I had a great time!
3	I don't really like to hike so this hike up the Cholla Trail was OK.  I did get to see Phoenix and Scottsdale from up high as well as the surrounding mountains.  It was strenuous at some points.  Going down was way scarier than going up.  I don't like other people's dogs walking up so close to me while I'm hiking.Highlight -- I saw a chipmunk!
4	This is a neat attraction and it would deserve five stars.  BUT it loses one star because it's crowded with the highest density of hikers on the same trail that I've ever seen.  I arrived on a weekend morning at the Echo Park lot at 7:45 am, and all the parking spaces were taken.  Several cars were already queued up for folks to leave.  Interestingly, a parking space would become available every few minutes -- apparently quite a few hikers are early risers that were already leaving by the time of my arrival.This hike is not for yippy wuss lap dogs, nor for wimpy humans.  Some of the inclines are quite steep, with handrails to help you maintain your balance.  The views from the top are amazing and will temporarily make you forget about all the other people.
4	Camelback was great. I'm not a particularly athletic person - I don't work out much or anything - but I still really enjoyed this hike. So if you do any form of exercise, I'm sure this would be a breeze for you. I loved the crunch of the pebbles underneath my feet and the view was stunning. There were parts that are pretty dangerous, but I think it's a fun challenge. We actually didn't get to hike to the top because we were afraid our dog would slip and fall and drag us down with her. I'm sure she's way more agile than I am, but we didn't want to risk it. So we went around to the other side where there were signs for "Bobby's Rock." We never did figure out which rock was Bobby's, but we hiked to this sort of crevice between two rocks, and there was an AMAZING view. The sun was just setting, and it made for all around epic-ness. It was really crowded for a hiking trail, not really a place for peace, quiet, and solitude. Some parts you really can't fit more than one or two people on the trail, so you'd have to yield to the people coming towards you. Then there are the really hardcore people who run the trail and you have to try to get out of the way before the trample you. There are also a fair amount of douche-baggy/bitchy college kids who go shirtless or are wearing very impractical Vans. The parking lot is really small, so we opted to park on 54th street or something, which was quite a ways down from the entrance. Also, I don't think this is a really good hiking trail for kids younger than 10. I saw a lot of parents struggling and carrying their kids on their backs while they tried to navigate the steep slopes themselves. Kind of dangerous.I definitely want to go back without our dog and hike to top.
4	I remember my very first hike up Camelback..."Um ok, how much farther?...Oh shit, THAT's the top?" How I have grown to love this mountain over the past 2 years. It is still challenging for me, but each hike gets easier and you can make it and down in about an hour or so if you're semi-athletic. While I am partial to Cholla Trail, my crazy boyfriend prefers Echo Canyon - he also runs to the top in about 20 minutes at 5pm in July, so I don't give his opinion much credit since it's based on fictitious super-human abilities.It does get a little crowded in the morning on weekends and parking isn't stellar - in fact I usually get my first taste of being winded on the walk between the car and the start of the trail. If you don't want a fast hike, you won't mind all the people. Some don't have good hiker etiquette and you might find yourself face to boob with a silicone implant somewhere along the way. But it's just a hike and it is what you make it to be. Put your headphones on and enjoy the view. The breeze at the top is worth the energy and sweat to get there.
5	If you like getting outside and a good hike sounds like fun - this is a must do hike.  You can do it quickly, or slower if you like.   Great views from the top.  Bring water and be ready to climb.
5	My son, whom we were visiting in Scottsdale, knowing I have a fondness for bodily harm and sweating took us to Camelback for a hike. Ready for fun we started up the hard trail. No sooner do we get up the stairs and around the wall my son comes breezing up saying my husband is in a fit of heaves and is going to do the easy trail instead.....thus relieving US of our water!!!! So me and my daughter (12) started on up. We were quite lucky as the weather was cool and there weren't too many folks on the trail on the way up, which sort of presented an issue as at one point I couldn't figure out were the trail was so we took "the scenic route". We got to the top safe and sound and had a really great, albeit thirsty, time! Lots of folks at the top hanging out and several dogs. Incredibly, there were people who dragged "purse dogs" on this trek and other assorted ding-bats who dragged very small kids. The only downside was the potential to be very crowded thus raising a safety issue and the parking was horrendous! Also there is little or no phone service up there so we had to wait until we were nearly down before calling my hubby at the local pub.....yeah, there's always a game on somewhere....to pick us up. Had a great time and will do it again next time we visit!
4	Staying at the Phoenician, you're just staring at it constantly, teasing you.  Well, I decided to get at it and parked forever away from the full parking lot.  That extra half-mile was brutal in the heat. At which point I'm like, s&*t, I'm only at the trailhead?!  Lots of boulders, sweating, a fun scramble up the handpole region, and bam!  Top of the mountain, looking around.  At which point, I see my resort, hell I may just see my very room.  But....I have to turn around, drag my ass down the mountain and huff it to the car which is about 500 degrees when I get it in.Still, totally worth it, and really awesome memory from my Scottsdale trip.
2	If you are looking for a good workout that's more interesting than just running around a track, Camelback is a great option. If you are looking for a chance to get outside to experience Arizona's natural desert beauty then Camelback is a very poor choice. We did the Echo Canyon Summit trail and I really am surprised that people call the views amazing and breathtaking because the views are just urban sprawl & fencing. Yes, there is actually a large portion of the hike that is FENCED IN - I felt like I was in prison. The only 'breathtaking' part about it is the lethargy I feel when surrounded by ugly urban sprawl & large high rises & too much metal. Sure there is an expansive "view" from the top but the view is ugly buildings that were not built to blend in with the landscape. Also parking was impossible. There was actually a giant line of cars just parked & waiting in line for a parking spot in the tiny lot for much much longer than it would take to park somewhere else further and walk to the trailhead...which makes me think that at least some of the people coming here must not get outdoors very often.Basically I was really disappointed by Camelback as an opportunity to get out in nature & enjoy the desert. I definitely would recommend against coming here for anything other than a quick workout.
4	This is a great hike but here are some suggestions for making it more enjoyable:Don't hike it on weekends in the winter and spring.  It's too crowded and the parking is impossible!  The parking location shown on Yelp (44th Street and McDonald) is not available on weekends.  The Town of Paradise Valley recently put up signs prohibiting weekend parking there.  If you must do a weekend hike, park at Paradise Valley Mall or the shopping center at 44th Street and Thomas and take the bus.  There is a bus every 45 minutes that drops you off near McDonald Drive.  Have breakfast or lunch before or after you hike (IHOP, 5 and Diner, Cocos, Chick Fil-a, Chipotle's and more)You need appropriate shoes for this hike.  If you're from out-of-town and don't have hiking shoes, park at PV Mall and get some at Sports Authority or Big 5.  I see people with flip-flops and sandals on that hike.  Don't do that!  A lot of people get hurt on that hike and part of the reason is that they are unprepared.   This is a short but difficult hike.  Best to enjoy it during the week, with good shoes and plenty of water.  Have fun!  Take a hike!
4	I can't believe you can rate mountains and hikes.  Camelback is a great workout that is nearby East Phoenix and Scottsdale.  I would rate it as a moderate hike with a 6 out of 10 on difficulty level.  Some people would rate it higher, but I am giving it a rating from an avid hiker's standpoint.  You can take 2 trails, Echo Canyon and Cholla.  Echo Canyon is about 2.5 miles roundtrip with more steep ascends and Cholla is a flatter switchback hike that is roughly 3 miles roundtrip.  The view on top of Camelback is amazing with an entire 360 degree view of the valley, downtown Phoenix, and further into other areas if it is a clean air day.  Here are some tips for hikers:1. If you are going to hike weekends, come early in the morning because parking is very limited.2. Bring plenty of water especially on warmer days because you will definitely sweat a lot on this hike.3. In addition to water, I would bring a light snack to eat on the top of the mountain and enjoy the view.4. Wear proper hiking shoes because this is a real hike with some climbing, not a walk in the park type of hike.5. Take your time and be careful because I have heard people being helicoptered out to the hospital.
5	You know I'm an avid hiker- so when I was in AZ for the weekend- the opportunity to hike on Saturday morning was amazing - all hungover as can be as well! Bad Choice! So my friends and I decided to go hiking.. yippee! super excited... I didn't know i was going on the trek of a lifetime! Holy cow- Echo Canyon- this was an amazing and challenging Hike! You should first of all come really early- unlike most people we didn't arrive early and waited to find parking for about 45 mins... but well worth it This hike is not for the faint of heart- sure there's fencing - probably too many accidents- I wouldn't doubt it because when I was there the fire trucks and ambulance came Great 360 views at the top, Rock climbing more than hiking there! I luved it- Next time i think i will go again with the proper gear!
4	Camelback is a fairly challenging hike and the view at the summit is well worth the hard work.  It's conveniently located a couple miles west of my apartment (where McDonald curves around to Tatum), and it's easily accessible, although there is often a long wait for a parking spot--yes, I've waited around 30 minutes just for a spot in the poorly planned parking lot.  There are lots of people on the trail (which is okay; I sometimes prefer to have other people along side me that I can pretend to beat up the mountain...other times it's just annoying--think teenagers with their iPod speakers blasting...).  The steepest parts are toward the beginning of the hike, and there are hand rails to guide one up the tricky terrain.  There are two false summits, which I'm accustomed to (I'm from Colorado...14ers are notorious for tricking one into thinking the summit is just at the top of the hill--nope!).  For Arizona it's an excellent hike.  Don't turn back or be discouraged!  It is challenging and I've seen many people give up, but you just have to keep in mind the triumph you experience when your reach the top!!!
4	Camelback offers one of the best hikes in the valley and perhaps one of the best urban hiking opportunities in the United States. Rising over 1,200 feet from the valley floor in a short 1.2 miles you can experience a strenuous and difficult hike without driving to a national forest. The views are fantastic as you ascend, and the views at top are second to none. You can see 360 degrees with nothing higher from many miles in all directions.So why only four stars? It is not the mountain that is a problem - it is the park service and the community. They work together to make the trails as difficult as possible to access. The Echo Canyon trailhead has a parking lot but it is very often full, especially on the weekends. If you can get a spot there you will not find legal parking anywhere in the surrounding neighborhood as they have restricted all street parking to prevent hikers from parking in the area. You will have to park over a mile away.The Cholla Trailhead is much worse. There is no parking and it is illegal to even drop hikers off. You will have to park over a mile away and walk to the trail. If you have a bike you can ride your bike to the trailhead.Great hike! Parking sucks!
5	So glad to be back in Phoenix for the weekend! Top things to do/go in Phoenix when in town for a short amount of time are go to The Vig, go to Postino, and hike Camelback.Spring is the perfect time to hike Camelback, as the weather isn't too bad and you don't feel like you are going to die of heat stroke when hiking. Make sure you go early in the morning or later in the evening if the heat gets to be too much.My favorite side to hike is Echo Canyon, making my best time up the mountain this weekend at 33 minutes! I may have pissed a few people off on the mountain, as they were moving at a slower pace, but everyone is incredibly friendly, so I think I'm good.One of my favorite places in Phoenix to hit up! Great workout that pays off for the day drinking you're bound to do in town!
4	Camelback Mountain is not for the novice hiker.  The terrain is steep, rocky, and challenging.  In truth, I made it only three quarters of the way up.  The last portion is practically a straight vertical.  The up is great but I can imagine that I'd start loosing feeling in my fingers on the way down - I have a severe fear of heights.  The views are spectacular and worth the sweat pouring down my face.  I also need to give a shout out to the Rangers - they are ridiculously nice and helpful.  I would not have made it down without their guidance.  By the way, they informed me that they need to do a rescue nearly everyday and the people who are running down the hills are those who usually get into the most serious accidents.  So there.  Pbbbt.Next I attempt the summit, I'll be bringing at least a quart of water, a hiking stick, and a camera.
4	This thing is no joke.Back in October, I attempted a hike up this mountain. I made it 10 minutes before I had to turn back around like a little biatch.This past Saturday, I woke up rather early, and felt inspired. Strong. I packed up my Camelbak for Camelback.Couple things to note. If you get there at 7:00AM, the parking lot will be full, and you will have to park off 56th street and walk one mile.Pack lots of water. If you have a Camelbak, bring extra in bottles, just in case. Also, if you are doing this solo, like I did...bring headphones, and a playlist with a ton of songs.This hike is pretty challenging. Its only 1.2-1.5 miles each way, but it's practically a rock climb for many different parts. The hardest parts are at the very beginning. Use the rails or the fence, and you will be fine.Don't give up on his hike. You WILL get to the top. If an obese man like me can do it, so can a sexy individual like yourself. Hop to it tiger. Show us your tiger's blood.Oh yeah...and about the water. When I got to the top, my Camelbak was empty. I had to spend 90 minutes going down without water.....Pack extra.
5	Hiking Camelback is something that I itch for now that I'm not in Phoenix.It's challenging, and you feel it for days after your hike. Seriously? Any time you have to climb rocks for a 1.2 miles and need a handrail on a hike, you know it's tough.But this hike is not for the faint of legs or for quitters. Because the hike down is just as rough as the hike up. Make sure your shoes have some grip. I prefer to wear shoes that stabilize, or shock-absorbing shoes for the jump down. And bring lots of water, because that heat will catch up to you as you climb higher. EAT beforehand because you will use a LOT of energy. If you have space, bring a camera... because if you make it all the way up, you will want to record the moment!!!AMAZING views from the top, and there always is a gratifying breeze to welcome you. I miss you, Camelback. Hands down, you are the BEST short hike in without feeling making me feel fat.
5	Echo Canyon . . . excellent hike up boulders that immediately takes you away from the surrounding city until you reach the summitt and when relishing your sense of accomplishment, you look around and is reminded again that you are in the midst of the city!A def hike time well spent.Parking can be a bit crazed.  Apparently, you are no longer allowed to hap hazardly park along side the street and in other people's driveways any longer . . . cars are parked either in the VERY SMALL lot or at 56th St. & McDonald and you have to walk the mile to the trailhead.During prime hiking hours there are actually three park rangers there to enforce the new rules and to direct traffic.And you are no longer allowed to stalk a potential spot since cars tend to pile up quickly behind you.So it's drive in and drive out.  No fear though, pretend you are in high school and cruising main street . . . and it's worth the burning of gas as spots open up quickly.My friends and I made it up to the top in 38 mins last time . . . one of them said she said she used to be able to run up the trail in less than 30 mins.Well, I guess that's my goal in my fitness quest . . . stay tuned!
5	Before doing this hike, I read through almost every review. I got mixed reviews and wasn't really sure what to expect. So here goes what I thought:There are two trails (for sure, there could be more but I understand these to be the two main trails): Cholla and Echo Canyon. Cholla is supposed to be easier.Echo Canyon is supposed to harder.We originally planned to hike Cholla but after the GPS lead us to the Echo Canyon parking lot and we spotted a parking spot, we pounced (after reading that parking is crazy). I'm not sure how we got so lucky, but we did! Anyways, we realized we were at Echo Canyon and decided we'd try it... even though I thought it would be too challenging, my family persisted. Well, I was wrong.Echo Canyon is NOT as hard as I expected. Yes, it is all uphill. Yes, you have to "climb" in some parts... but no, you are not "rock climbing". I expected having to heave myself up a ledge... it is NOT like that. There are two parts with metal railings... they are really just to assist you. You can get up without them, but they are helpful. It doesn't feel like you're going to fall because basically it's all ROCKS. You're climbing on big rocks, so you won't struggle to keep from sliding down. Not like that at all. Continuing up the trail, you have to use your hands to help go up, but it's not like you're using a ton of upper body strength. Mostly you're using your hands for balance, and a little extra "oomph". The way down is easier, but does kind of hurt your knees (more jumping, but not as much strength). So, the hike for us?- Took my parents (two adults, late-40's, workout a few times a week) about 2 hours. They thought it was pretty hard, but very fun. They took periodic breaks though and were fine.- Took my brother and I (two teenagers) probably 1.5 hrs or so. I workout through sports or the gym almost every day, but I am NO superhuman athlete like I thought you had to be. I was expecting to be struggling and panting and dying climbing Camelback, but it really was NOT that bad. - Yes, you do need good athletic shoes. Yes, you do need water. No, I don't think you need gloves or any fancy gear. A snack at the top won't hurt, but I wasn't craving nourishment. - Kids are maybe okay doing it. I saw lots of families with younger kids, and they were doing okay. True, the child probably has to be at least 8, or into doing a challenging hike. You can always turn around though. But do be careful. Sadly, we saw on the news that an older man died later that day hiking the Echo Canyon trail. Really monitor how you're feeling... it's okay to turn around, it is a tough trail. But if you workout and enjoy physical activity, this hike should be fine.Overall, LOVED the hike and had tons of fun. Great workout, and just a fun way to get active.
5	Camelback Mountain. I love you and I dread you, at times. When I drive to get to you, I feel nervous. When I start with just the steps starting out, I get kind of cranky. When you start getting rocky, I swear at you in my head. However, when I'm almost to the top, I get over the swear words and am excited to see the view you have to offer. People: If you are a sweater, as I am, do yourself a favor and wear something other than cotton. Hit up Target and get some wicking fabrics in your basket. Trust me, it is worth the $30.If you think of curling, styling, and/or flat-ironing your hair prior to your hike, forget that idea. Whatever you try to do, you're going to be a hot mess, regardless.I've seen people wearing shoes other than tennis shoe-ish styles. Are you serious? If you want to roll an ankle, break a toe, or get an infection from rock kicking, I'd suggest something lace-up.I met a girl that said the last time she hiked Camelback, she met a 76 year old man who hikes the mountain 3 times a day, except for Sundays. This is a great workout, even for those that are in tip top shape. Bring your A-Game and think of the 76 year old as you go up. Inspiration? Maybe. Perspiration? Always.
4	Camelback Mountain was arduous but once you finish you feel a huge sense of accomplishment. This was my first time ever going hiking and what an experience! I went on the Echo Canyon trail which is supposed to be harder.Parking is very limited. There will be a lot of people there so you might get lucky but I didn't. There are about  35-40 parking spaces. You can park on an area on 56th  that is a few minutes from the main entrance. From parking to the trail is about a mile walk.You will sweat. Now is not the time to try to be prim and proper because by the time you make it back down you will look awful, but in a good way because others there will be able to empathize. You will have to crawl, scoot, and use what ever means necessary to climb especially if you're a novice. Believe me, some of the rocks there got very familiar with me! There is railing and fencing at the beginning but after that it's all nature!Dress lightly, bring lots of water, proper shoes, and a positive attitude. Climbing up can be just as difficult as climbing down so it's great to stay optimistic. I used my boyfriend as motivation since he was leaping on the rocks like a billy goat!Don't rush. If you are in regular health and new to hiking it will take about an hour to make it up. Sure you will see Bodybuilder Bob but don't let that hasten your hike. The rocks can get slippery and if you rush thinking you have superhuman abilities, especially if it's your first time hiking you can seriously hurt yourself. And don't be fooled that it will be easier going down, go down with more precaution than you used going up.The people there are great. They will encourage you and talk to you. So good luck and make sure you take lots of pictures once you make it up the top because this isn't something you want to miss out on for pictures!
5	Best urban park in America!A few tips....Uphill hikers have the right of way, some of them may be timing their ascent so it's important let them pass during narrow sections of the trail. Parking for the Echo Canyon trailhead is a major hassle. You might be better off parking along 56th street just North of Mcdonald Road. It will only take you 15 minutes to walk to the trailhead from there.Hike early before it gets too hot and bring plenty of water. If you are afraid or nervous around dogs just act normal. Where did all these people learn to act like a statue when a dog passes by? If anything, that strange behavior will cause a unbalanced dog to bite. Imagine you are a dog hiking up camelback, your probably very socialized because your owner is cool enough to take you places to get exercise. All day long you have been passing by hikers who just stroll by, then all of the sudden a hiker up ahead freezes like they are imitating some kind of animal defense mechanism. As a dog you will probably think..."hmmm that's odd, why is this human acting so bizarre... I better check this person out".Maybe holding still is the tactic to use if you come upon a stray dog loose in the streets but I can't imagine that behavior being an effective choice around a well behaved dog on a leash. Also - have you ever seen two dogs on a leash just before a scrap breaks out? I have, and I can tell you the instant before that first bite both dogs will freeze. Cats do this too, one second of stillness before the storm - so please just act normal and walk right by. The dog probably won't even notice you were there. They are too busy looking for lizards, chipmunks and other dogs. But I digress.  I enjoy Echo Canyon for the exercise and thrill of the rock climbing, while the Cholla Trail has better views of Scottsdale, The Mcdowell Mountains, and The Phoenician. If you do plan on bringing your dog, make absolutely sure that before you get to the top, put the dog on a leash (they should already be on a leash anyway). There are ton's of chipmunks that live on the cliff edge right at the summit. Most dogs I know will go chasing after the first chipmunk they see and I can't imagine any dog being able to stop in time to prevent their momentum from carrying the poor pup over the cliff. They would never survive that fall. And you will never forgive yourself. Take the hike slow and easy at the beginning. I have been timing my climbs for several years now and I always have a better time when I take it slow at the beginning and pace myself. Fair warning for narcissists! There will be dozens of people at the top when you arrive. Think of them as your audience, and you don't want to over exert yourself and look like a slobbering, puking, crying mess when you finally arrive on stage. The full climb from each trailhead should take a beginner about 45-50 minutes. Intermediate hikers will probably make it in around 35-45 minutes, and expert hikers in really good shape should make it in about 30-35 minutes or less. And I am no exercise expert but I don't think running down very steep hills really helps you at all. In fact it probably jacks up your joints. Going downhill slowly will most likely work all the muscles you didn't use on the way up helping balance your workout. The only thing your working by running down camelback are the laws of gravity. So take it easy champ, everyone knows you didn't run on the way up.
4	When I moved to Phoenix back in 1998 it was my first time away from home and this place felt like a whole new world.  Well in a way it was!  New scenery, different vibes, and yes, even a different accent from the California swagg... This park was the first one I visited while out there.  I was amazed by the trails, the fresh air and great scenery I was gazing upon with every step!One place I would recommend checking out in your in the city and you have some time!  Take a nice relaxing hike and enjoy what Camelback Mountain has to offer!  It can be a workout if you're not used to trails but either way bring plenty of water!
5	This is "The Mother" of all hiking mountains! Going up is quite the challenge but coming down is a bitch! Make sure to bring plenty of water and make sure to go early in the morning! You definitely don't want to be stuck on this mtn in the heat without water!  It's a wonderful workout!
4	A lot of people call this an easy hike, though I find it to be rigorous. I'm reasonably in shape and regularly exercise, but really unless you HIKE/CLIMB regularly you'll find this to be challenging. My first attempt at Camelback was last August. We did the Cholla Trail side. Yeah, I'm a dummy. But we started just before sunrise and had plenty of water. But I wasn't mentally prepared (I had heard it was easy) for it and it was just too hot. About one-third of the way I tapped out since I was getting dizzy and lightheaded and refused to push it and end up being that hiker who comes out of Camelback via helicopter because I passed out and fell off. I have since been back three more times (never in that kind of heat again, I do NOT recommend it) and summited each time (always Cholla, considered the easier trail).The terrain is easy at the start (for the novice hiker), with rock or wood block steps and a well-traveled, roomy dirt trail. But once you hit about one-third mark, it narrows and you start using all fours like a monkey to scramble over the big rocks. By the time you get to the final third you are straight up rock climbing. I have trouble following the spray painted dots to stay on track. If there aren't people around to follow, I inevitably end up at a dead end and have to go back and try again. I have no fear of heights, but there are times that you're negotiating around and over rocks with a drop-off waiting for you if you misstep. Kind of freaks me out each time. The summit area is large and offers fantastic views. Bring a sandwich in your bag, your ipod or a book and hang out a while, it's quite nice. I've seen small children (as young as six) and I've seen small dogs (including a puppy Chihuahua who literally rolled down most of the big rocks, poor dog) but I wouldn't want to be responsible for either. 12 and up is more appropriate and medium-sized dogs used to climbing/trails. Thanksgiving weekend I saw a lot of elderly family members, kids and others obviously from out of town and not at all prepared for a hike (flip flops, no water). Don't drag your poor parents visiting from Michigan up Camelback, please. Unless they are used to somewhat rigorous hikes, you're going to end up with a hospital visit on your hands at worst; angry, tired, dirty, dehydrated and sore family members at best. Hikers range from serious (you'll see them running up and down the mountain) to novice to everywhere in between. Everyone is friendly and says "hi" as they pass by. And everyone offered water or asked if I was ok as I hung out in the shade to cool down when I attempted to climb in August. As long as you come prepared (water, water, water) and know what you're in for, you'll have a good time.
5	Echo Canyon is a fun hike and the views are amazing.  I like to go at night because you get to see amazing sunsets from the summit plus there are less people on the trail compared to early mornings.  This hike isn't for the weak by any means it's a tough hike but not insane by any means.  There are plenty of places to stop for breaks and just make sure you bring plenty of water as you will need it. If you've never been on this hike I say for sure try it out you will love it.  Just make sure you have some good shoes with you so you don't roll your ankles.
5	One of the best hikes in the valley
5	This morning, Echo Canyon Trail was giving everyone on the trail all she had, particularly as it was about 95 at 8:30AM when I got to the top.  The beauty of this day was the generosity experienced on the mountain.  Ever find yourself knocking back water all hike wishing it was something cold and sweet......well......as I got to the top, a group of hikers took it upon themselves to bring a hiking cooler full of otter pops for everyone!  Coolest thing ever, figuratively and literally.  Nothing would have made that hike any better.  As I hiked down thinking how I have to pay forward this experience, (fast forward to later on in the day, I did buy a hiking cooler at Fry's and 3 cases of otter pops for just such an occassion), I got to the parking area and low and behold the fine folks at Muscle Milk were right there handing out chilled muscle milk for all.  The best day-hiking experience I ever had.  If anyone is planning on being there next weekend, around 9Am....I will return the otter pop favor!
5	Awesome hike. I've done it a couple times and loved it each time. Bring lots of water and wear good hiking shoes with good grip. There are loose, little rocks on some parts and I've managed to slip and slide, but luckily catch my fall, at least once each visit. The BF saw someone fall and busted his head on a recent hike so just be careful!
4	Parking for echo canyon pretty much sucks. They have blocked off a lot of the places you used to be able to park so it's kind of a hike to get to the trail, but I just try to look at it like it's a good warm up and cool down:) It's a pretty good exercise trail.  The only reason I gave it a 4 was because it's super crowded which can be annoying.
4	Echo Canyon Trail is awesome!!!!  Intensity: moderate.  There are a lot of steep inclines and one portion of the trail has you climbing with help from a pole.  There are no paved roads for this hike, mainly treking up rocks.  If you go during peak sun hours: Wear sunblock and Drink lots of water!
3	Whew!  What a hike.  Coming from Colorado, though, the relative comparison makes it just a 3.  Firstly, it's definitely treacherous.  When we arrived between 730 and 8 on a Saturday morning, there were about four, maybe five firetrucks in the parking area...these rescue/aid teams just camp out there, I think, because of all the doofuses who don't plan accordingly waterwise or overestimate their ability to make this climb.  Also, two different areas of the Echo Canyon trail are especially steep and potentially slick, so they've installed some metal railings to help you along there...but only if you've got some gloves or if the temperature is moderate (uhhhh,...that doesn't really happen in Phoenix during the day in summer), because those damn things get hot enough to fry an egg.  Also - water, water, water.  Bring a LOT, or top off at the start of the trail before you go up (though the water out of that tap attached to the water fountain is about 85 degrees, yuk). It was a fun jaunt.  The view was worth it - not entirely picturesque as far as nature goes, but it was nice view of the city and surrounding area.  If you go, just be wary of the sun/heat, and know that you'll be clambering over and around boulders and such.  (If you trip, it's CURTAINS!)
4	If you are reading this review on Yelp, you are probably not an avid Camelback hiker.  Below are some recommendations for a first-timer:I agree with the moderate-difficult rating for the Echo Canyon Trail.  Nothing super dangerous, but you do need to have moderate endurance and balance on your feet.  Try not to carry anything in your hands as you will need them for navigating over rocks and boulders.  Two spots have handrails; don't be afraid to use them.Get there early (before 6am) or later (around 8am during the weekday) to avoid parking far away.  Also, don't let the people that run up and down the mountain intimidate you (I was passed by a woman walking her chiaua on her way down).  Everyone is friendly and the views are worth it, so take your time.  A really fun hike in the city.
5	Plan ahead.  That is the first and most basic of all rules when doing any outdoor activity.  If you fail to plan, you plan to fail.Parking:  Let's face it.  Parking here is challenging not impossible though.  Come earlier, off times ( mid-afternoon ), there is even a new shuttle service from the City Offices of Paradise Valley - http://bit.ly/o0P9C1.The Hike:  I've done this hike many times from both the Echo Canyon side and Cholla Trail.  Regardless, it is still hard.  I would rate it moderate to hard, never easy though.Water:  There is a water fountain, parking lot, veranda and porta-johns at the Echo location.  Cholla has none of these to offer.Shade/Sun:  Cholla is easier and about a 1/4 mile longer.  It is also on the East side of the Mountain which means that early mornings and afternoons offer very little shade.  Echo is on the North West side and has shade throughout, as long as you are not attempting it past 2 or 3pm.Views:  The views from the top are awesome, love them.  It is the highest mountain in the Valley of the Sun and is quite a landmark.  The only way to get those views though, is by doing the work.Go early, take plenty of water, plan ahead, DON"T LITTER and be courteous ( hikers going up have the Right-of-Way.)  The last and final info tip:  Leave the perfume , cologne , make-up, old dogs, little dogs, and designer clothing at home.
5	Beautiful. Half hike & half scrambling. This trail is fun. Amazing views. Lots of people. Dog friendly.  Tough to find parking. Definitely worth checking out.
2	I guess if you get to the top its a great view of the urban sprawl that surrounds this poor smog strangled mountain. Of course, there are railings and fences along the way. Just in case you were actually thinking you were experiencing nature, or something like that. Of course it is difficult to think you are actually hiking or in nature with the promenade of people who should probably be at Fashion Square constantly move up, down, around or with you.The best part, this mountain abuts Paradise Valley. THE richest part of Phoenix. There is a port-o-potty in the parking lot. No bathroom, no visitors center, a single port-o-potty in the parking lot. I had a good laugh about how, in Phoenician parlance, ghetto that is. North Mountain has actual bathrooms and a visitors center y'know. Its also got better parking, nicer hills and a better view. South Mountain's got canyons you can get lost in.Papago has red rock formations. So yeah, Camelback is Meh, I have seen better!
4	Great hiking trail overall! Parking is limited during peak hours so get there early or later, and entrance closes at 6pm so beware. The trail isn't very long distance-wise, but challenging due to uneven terrain. I don't recommend it if you have bad knees, lots of stairs and steep climbing. Take your time if it's your first time, and have fun!
4	HIked the Cholla Trail one evening with my partner on the recommendation of our hotel concierge. She, a Phoenix native, climbs it regularly in a reasonably short amount of time. I am not a Phoenix native and quit running regularly nearly two years ago shortly after I hiked Squaw Peak for the first time (shameless plug: check out my review). We did not climb Camelback as quickly as she did.The Cholla Trail is a steady climb until the last hundred yards or so when you have to scramble up the side of the mountain to get to the top. Since we did a weekday, evening hike, we didn't run into much traffic so when we got to the top after an hour and 15 minutes, there were maybe a dozen or so people hanging out, only a couple more than we passed on the way up. It was nice because we had the trail practically to ourselves for most the time.The Cholla in the late afternoon is an ideal hike because you spend most of your time in the shade of the east side of the mountain. The haze/smog/whatever you want to call it made for a disappointing sunset from the top. But it can still kick your ass.
2	This is for the Echo Canyon trail.This is probably one of my least favorite valley hikes. It looks cool from the road, and people talk about it like it's something so amazing, but It's way too crowded. A lot of the people who hike here seem to be competing with everyone, and are quite rude. No response to hello, and at least one occasion I have heard people talk trash about fellow hikers who they have passed.Parking is severely limited. I like my mountains mountainy. On this trail, you go up about a million stair steps before getting to anything good. That is, if the parade of d-bags doesn't turn you off enough to leave. It did kick my ass the couple times I've hiked it though, so that's good. The best time to go is early in the morning, when it's still dark out. Bring head lamps.
5	One if my buddies hikes Camelback twice a week.  It turns out this is quite common, and how come I've never done the hike before.  Or so I was accosted on the way to the mountain.  You find all manner of hiker on the mountain: runners, joggers, pushy joggers (no literally), power walkers, kids, really small kids, impossibly small kids, families with impossibly small kids, hikers, hikers with poles, college students, college athletes, some guy typing a review on his iPhone, another guy with a camo water pack and blood streaming down the back of his arm, people who hike around the trailer but never on it, four-legged climbers, and my dad.  The problem with this is that there are no places to park on Saturday mornings.  So we paid five bucks each to do the Park n' Ride shuttle from Paradise Valley Town Hall.  After a quick bathroom break at the police station, we were ready.  Park n' Ride hooked us up with waters, granola bars, and bananas.  We were dropped off outside the parking lot and walked to the trail.  Based on some advice from Park n' Ride, we decide to go up Cholla and down Echo.  Hiking Camelback is an adventure, at least, probably the first fifteen times.  The Cholla trail starts with some stairs and you catch the great view of the city right away.  Halfway up, I had to dodge a boulder someone knocked loose, and was told that I had quick reflexes for looking up and not walking into the thing.  At the saddle you can see the view on both sides.  At the top, we stopped to eat the granola bars and bananas.  When it was time to continue, my dad started to chicken out and was interviewing everyone about the perils of the Echo trail in case he wanted to use the option to return down the Cholla trail.  Luckily, he didn't chicken out and going down the Echo route was no big deal.  Sure there are lots of boulders to traverse and some parts that require you to use the hand rails, but going down is so much easier than going up.  Echo felt more canyon like with less views and more rock formations and a little more shade.  After calling Park n' Ride we were whisked back to my car and ready for lunch.  I don't see myself settling into the twice a week routine, but I must admit, Camelback Mountain is a must hike for those Phoenix denizens who enjoy the outdoors.  For the casual hiker, I don't recommend brining kids until you know what you are getting yourself into..
2	If you enjoy hiking with a beautiful view of the city, you must make the short trek on each side of the mountain (Cholla and Echo) at least once. A warning though, this is not for non-active, non-adventurous people. if you are not prepared to go up some boulders and use your hands, this can be dangerous for your ankles. The mountain is a beautiful city landmark, with a 360 degree view at the top. However, this place will not get a pass from me, because the city really needs to figure out the parking situation. I understand you don't want too many hikers on the mountain at the same time, but this has about 1/3rd of the parking that would be optimal. On the Echo trailhead I waited for 45 minutes twice on a weekend just to park and didn't return after that. The Cholla side has parking that is a 15 minute walk from the trailhead and you may also have to wait for parking as well on that side.
4	If you are ever in the Phoenix area, you must experience and hike the Camealback Mountain.Alot of boulders and rocks and the view is magnificent.  Please sure to wear the right hiking shoes when doing this trail.
5	I love hiking & this mountain was awesome! Be prepared as it's a bit steep and rocky at places. Not the easiest climb. There are a lot of other hikers, so be ready to share the trail.
4	The trail was awesome!  Great rock climbing!  Friendly people!  Great view!  The parking was awful!  We took a shuttle from a local church!
5	Probably one of the most fun hikes I've done! I love the "extreme" climbing aspects of a difficult hike and this hike does not disappoint! We started from the Echo Canyon trail head and headed up...unfortunately we started too late in the day, so we weren't able to make it to the tip top due to daylight quickly approaching. We were about 10 minutes from the top before we turned around...I knew it would take longer for me to get down than it did to go up, so I didn't want to risk it. Perhaps it was the helicopter flying over head checking on hikers that made me a bit nervous, nonetheless, I wasn't nearly disappointed in the workout I got. My entire body was sore the next day, even my shoulders from having to lower myself down some pretty gnarly rocks.It will certainly challenge you, and there are a lot of people along the way which for us was a good thing because there were times when I could have lost my way due to poor trail markings. Sometimes its so incredibly crowded that you have to move to the side to wait your turn to move on, but that didn't seem to impair my trip any. The one thing that blew my mind were the multiple trail runners we saw along the way. I can barely run a normal trail let alone one as difficult and treacherous as parts of Camelback are. Pretty amazing!!!This hike is not for the faint of heart but will certainly get you in great shape!!!Know before you go: Parking is VERY limited and SUCKS. With that...good luck. Also, if you forget water, they have a good fountain at the trail head to fill up...outhouses as well.
2	I could not find a place to park my Honda Civic and enjoy the trails.  After about 60 minutes of looking.  I gave up.  Need more options to get there, and where to park the car so that the trail can actually be enjoyed.  I will save my time and go elsewhere.Suggestion:  Should consider developing an offsite parking area, and providing a shuttle to the entrance (perhaps for a small fee)...and let it be known where to find the shuttle.
5	I've hiked Echo Canyon and the other path as well. I prefer Echo for its view and challenging climbs. It's intense enough to give you a great workout but easy enough to bring anybody with you who isn't some fitness freak. A couple of tips: #1 Go early to avoid the afternoon heat and to get parking#2 Bring 1-2 liters of water#3 If you go in the afternoon, make sure to give yourself time to make your way down before sundown or bring a flashlight. I made the mistake of getting stuck near the summit around 6 PM. The sun came down fast and it got pretty dark.
4	Did you ever feel like you were about to die, but it was a good thing?  That's how I felt on my hike on the Echo Canyon trail.  When my friend told me it was the hardest trail in the area, I thought to myself, "how hard can it be?".  Ummmmmm it was hard!! I guess I'm more out of shape than I thought I was.There are some pretty steep climbs and you definitely have to hold on in certain areas.  My legs did feel like jelly at one point.  It also seemed like there weren't too many shady spots. The views are insanely amazing though.  I must admit that I didn't make it to the top though since I felt like I was going to have a heart attack.  I made it about 3/4 of the way up.  Next time I'm in town though, I want to make it all the way up!
3	After driving around for 45 mins. I finally found a neighborhood to park in.  This experience has made me despise EVERY homeowner in the area that lobbied to have the parking signs put everywhere within a mile radius.  A**holes!There is even a cul-de-sac- where 44th street turns in to McDonald and they put signs up there... THERE'S NO HOUSES THERE!!!! WHY WOULD YOU DO DUMB SH*T LIKE THAT?!?!Anyway, they do have a shuttle, so you turn right at the McDonald/Tatum light on to McDonald going east.  Go down that road what seems like 10 miles.  Turn left at the "hikers parking" sign or "Invergordon Road" and then turn right into the Police station/Post office.  I think It's 5-6 bucks both ways.  It is WAY too far to walk.  Worth it to do this.Minus 2 points for NONEXISTANT parking and when there is parking it's NOT FREE.The hike is brutal.  I hate seeing young kids doing it because I think it has become MORE dangerous to go down than in past years due to how many hikers there are and erosion. I literally saw this father half carrying his 10-11 year old son down who looked like his legs had given out.  Not a safe situation. I fell twice and rolled my ankle once.  I have done Camelback probably 10 times.  But no matter how advanced you are, there are a ton of people who don't know how to hike and leave loose rocks and kick dirt around so there's no great ridges to walk down the whole way.  Everything is either steep or coated in sand. With the ankle rolling... My ankle rolls like once every 3 months.  I have piss-poor ankles so don't judge the hike unless you're in the same boat.  Judge the hike based off of the falls. Because I have never fallen down on any hike on any other mountain.  Just sayin'.Totally worth it at the top.  BUT be prepared for your joints to want to give out or your muscles to not work properly if this is your first hike.  You're spent at the middle... and it's a looong way down.
5	Great HikeGreat ViewsGreat Exercise Parking is terrible, but it's all part of the hike.
5	I would hardly call this a hike. This is straight up rock climbing minus the harness and helmet! If you have a fear of heights, I don't suggest this route. What an adventure though! I couldn't believe some of the ages of little kids climbing. The trail we chose (Echo) was awesome, scary, difficult and rewarding all in one. There are two points on the mountain with handrails. I suggest using them. My boyfriend climbed up the mountain like some sort of monkey--no fear. I was a bit more cautious, planning out my every step. Oh, and on the way down, don't be afraid to go on your butt. Overall it was a great workout and a fun time. I can't wait to go back next time I'm visiting Arizona.
5	Let me start with this...we are not hikers, in the midwest when someone asks you to hike its usually to the top of the street to get more beer.Anyway...my wife and I hiked the challio trail and it's a bit deceptive.  The first 50% is just pretty easy but then the challenge begins.  There is no question you need to be in great shape, not be afraid of heights...but that said its well worth it.  We made it to the top, I'm sure we will be sore tomorrow, but was well worth.  Net...give it a try, take lots of water and make sure you take your time.
3	Love the hike but saddened by the parking situation. I hiked this every weekend when I lived here two years ago but when we went to hike it on a visit the parking was limited to about 20 spots. The only other options you have are the park and ride that is $5.00 a person, cab or someone dropping you off. I am disappointed.
4	This is for older (but fit) newbies.Camelback is a gorgeous climb with fabulous views (you know all that already) and it is strenuous  and challenging.  If you are in shape and get your heart rate into reasonable training zones regularly ( in other words, 80  pct. or so of maximum -- exercisers know what I mean--)  the elevation gain of 1300 feet is trifling. Equivalent to an easy  20 or 30-minute workout on a step mill, say. The twisting and turning over and around rocks is by far the main effort.  But the downhill ---!If you wear transition-style glasses (trifocals, in plain language) you may find descending to be the prime challenge. You may be better off removing your glasses.   Judging depth for each footfall is essential -- and  many of the young descenders are able to skip down steep slopes where you have to figure out if each step is a stretch --or perhaps a small jump.  Meanwhile you have to watch balance because there are nearly sheer drop-offs from side to side.  It is no doubt much easier to let gravity pull you down, but if you are anything like me you probably have to be alert to avoid aggravating plantar fasciitis or tweaking an untrained tendon with a twist or turn.That said, 90% of the Camelback hike is a cakewalk.  With patience and the willingness to be a bit undignified as you scoot down the steepest slipperiest parts, perhaps on your butt, the remaining 10% is not so bad.  Try not to think of snakes in the crevices you grip on the way down.I think an experienced hiker would have no problems at all -- but even he or she would have to scramble in places.The view is worth it!  Both the Echo Canyon and Cholla trails (on the nose and tail ends, respectively) require the scrambling I mention, but the nose requires a good deal more.
5	I used to be too scared to climb this mountain. Lately, I've toughened up and now I love it! It's difficult and I'd recommend shoes with good tread and lots of water and a few snacks- fruit or granola bars, because it can be intense. Some people make it up and down with no problem, but people do get hurt here so be careful. Bring your cell phone in case of emergency. There are two sides to this mountain. The more difficult trail is called Echo Canyon. I have also hiked on the Cholla Trail and it's somewhat different. I would say it's less difficult, but still no walk in the park. The higher you get on the trail, the more steep spots you might encounter. Make sure you have good tred on your shoes to avoid falling. Definitely make sure you bring enough water to get yourself through the hike and maybe some extra in case you see a hiker in distress. It's also easy for your pet to get dehydrated so if you bring your dog, give them lots of water breaks and stop in shady spots to recoup your energy. Have fun, but be smart about it! Nature is wild!
5	This was my first time hiking, ever. I was told echo canyon wouldn't be hard. So I went up with a friend. We were lucky to find parking in that small lot fairly quickly. We made it passed the incline where the rail is available for assistance if needed. I saw a lot of people not use the rail and figured i could do it. My friend was at the point of vomiting. So we ended up going back down. After watching a YouTube video of someone completing the trail, I want to go back up and go all the way before I leave Arizona. I wouldn't say echo trail is hard. You just have to be aware of your surroundings. There is a lot of dirt and sand around that you can easily slip on. Some girl did roll her ankle. The funny thing was the rescue crew looked like they were getting winded out making their way up to the injured girl. make sure to have both hands free just in case. I made the mistake of carrying my water in one hand all the way up. This mountain tail makes me want to try the ones back home to see how far I can get.
5	We completed our seven summit mountaineering adventure by saving the very best for last. We decided on the Cholla Trail side of the camel's back and it was brutal on my body. I was finished and ready to call it less than half way up. I was wrecked but my hiking buddy kept me on my toes. I pushed all the way up sweat soaked through my tee but it was most rewarding when we reached the top.  Our plan was to reach all of the seven summits of Phoenix by the end of April and we reached our goal two months ahead of our completion date. WE ROCK! The hike is steep, rocky and you will get a full body work out using your hands, knees, sliding down maneuvering around over and across.   I did manage to scuff up my knee attempting a Spiderman move and I tore into my ankle on a slide down a not so flat boulder.  As such, my shoes are trashed and I will be rewarding myself with a new pair.  We plan on hiking the Echo Canyon side of the camel very soon.  A few tips:Parking sucks- and we have the violation to prove it.  The No Parking signage really means no parking (lol).Take water and lots of itTake your dog but pick up after it. Avoid the crowds - go early. We arrived early morning with low traffic up but it was super bustling on the way down, lines of hikers up makes for a not so fun workout.
4	Nice view with a good workout! Parking is a PIA though.
5	Great, strenuous hike/climb.  Panoramic views.  park at town hall and shuttle or walk 2 miles to trailhead.  Take 1-2 waters or a camelbak and small snack for top.  Wear hikiing shoes.   go early when it's cooler.
4	Echo Canyon Hiking trail is the only one i've been on. 1)DO NOT ATTEMPT IF YOU ARE A BEGINNER. 2) Free parking3) wear good hiking shoes and prepare to HIKE. 4) AWESOME WORKOUT, if you dont like to sweat, just stop before you start5) Some would say (like I did when I first moved here) the view isnt worth the trouble but after thinking back on it, the view was actually pretty amazing for desert land.6) You'll have plenty of motivation watching little kids hike the trail faster and better than a lot of the adults that visit. 7) I would love to go back.
4	Being from Colorado, we read beforehand that this was a strenuous hike, and we scoffed.  "Scoff!" we said, "We shall see about that."  And then we started hiking, and my girlfriend said "it's not really hiking if you're just walking up stairs."  There was more scoffing and pshawing.  Then we turned a corner and saw basically a wall with a handrail that we were supposed to climb, and she stopped all that mocking.This is some serious hiking, at least on the Echo Canyon side (I didn't know there was another trail).  It was a lot of fun, trying to pick out the best ways to get up the various hills.  I, like many others apparently, sustained some minor injuries, all on the way down.  Basically knee scrapes and cuts from not quite lifting my leg high enough when climbing over rocks.  Really, it's nothing to worry about if you take your time and plan your moves, unlike those lunatics who run up and down this.The view from the top is great, and you can really see for miles in every direction.  The houses right below are some of the most ridiculous mansions I've ever seen.  We went at about 4pm, and the summit was not too too crowded.It's a five star hike, but a star comes off for the parking situation and the lack of markers on the trail.  We ended up having to park at the Barry Goldwater Memorial a little ways away, because for some reason this area has no street parking.  And we did find ourselves slightly off course a few times during the climb.  Never anything that took a whole lot of time to remedy, but kind of frustrating when you are climbing and climbing and then there's nowhere to go.  Overall though, this is one of my favorite hikes/climbs I've done, anywhere.
5	Reading all of these reviews makes me go batty. Let me say this: Maybe I was lucky but when I arrived there was plenty of parking. I never hiked a mountain before but decided being pretty athletic I would go for it with the Echo trail. It was tough. Bring tons of water I brought 2 liters and realized at the summit that I should have brought more. Then again it was 115 degrees when I hiked it so more my fault than anything. Its a mountain so expect rocks to move and there be wildlife present. I almost grabbed what looked like a chameleon on my way up. Take your time and don't rush as most of the people running up are locals who do it every day. I hope to get back here one day and do this again.
5	The parking to this mountain really do SUCK as I agreed with what everyone had said here on reviews.Aside from the poor parking situation.  This is one of my favorite mountain to hike.  I've seen owners bringing their dog for this mountain... some as big as a boxer to some as small as Chihuahuas.  This mountain is not for beginner as the boulders can get pretty high at times and it will require some climbing.  I brought my gloves and I was glad I wore it.  The first 1/2 mile isn't bad at all.  It starts to get a bit of a challenge when you reached to the point where there is a supporting pole.  Oh believe me, you'll know when you get there.  Be extra careful of loose rocks.  I've slipped at least 3 times during this hike.  Once you reached to the top, the view is fantastic.  Round trip time estimated 1 hour and 30 mins. If you're visiting out of town, I would highly recommend this mountain to anyone.  =)
5	Ahh Camelback Mountain. I have deep connections with this place.Growing up in Tempe off of Priest, I always remembered to look for Camelback mountain to know where north was and I was never lost. It was the only mountain I could see out the front window of the house, and going down Priest everyday for school (from kindergarten all the way to ASU!) Priest Dr seems to line up perfectly with the peak of the mountain, as if when you keep driving, you'll drive right to the top.Well the connections continue. About a week after meeting my girlfriend I suggested this hike. We've never done it before (although I've done tougher hikes) and the biggest thing she hiked was A mountain. It was a challenge for sure, starting with parking. We ended up taking this shuttle that took advantage of the situation (in a good way) so we didn't have to park a mile away and walk. That was only time we had to do that though. We both struggled but enjoyed the different levels of difficultly along the way. Since there are enough reviews about what to expect here are some more fun stories I have with this mountain. One early morning (we try to start before the sunrise) we went up after it had rained the night before. When we rounded the steep rock climb right before the last stretch (where you can start seeing south)  and there was clouds everywhere.... below us. It was like we were floating on a cloud. Then when we got to the top we watched the sun rise above the clouds. That was an experience I thought I would only have in Hawaii. Another afternoon, we brought a friend and did a "sunset" hike, were I knew we would be watching it sometime along the way. We played track and football together in high school and he looks more fit than me but apparently looks can be deceiving! The second we got to the peak we looked back and seen the last bit of sunlight disappear behind the White Tank mountains. It got dark fairly quickly and we found ourselves being the last people off the mountain and using our cellphones as flashlights. DONT get yourself caught up here in the dark if it's your first time! We've done it a bunch of times now so I have an idea of where to go, but it's extremely difficult and easy to get off trail in certain points if you don't know where you are going. One last story, we were going down one morning and this guy, I will call him Mogli, ran past us barefoot! We tried to keep pace with him but it was like he was parkouring down the mountain! It was funny seeing the reaction and comments to this real life jungle book character of the hikers coming up. If your friends with me on Yelp, hit me up for a hike sometime! Protip: Check out my pictures, they all go with my stories I shared.
5	This is a great hike WHEN you can find parking at the mountain itself.  If not you are completely screwed. Parking here sucks, We drove to camelback as a surprise hike on an empty stomach and an endless amounts of other unfortunates taking place on my birthday at 9 in the morning.  We had to park all the way down at mcdonald and scottsdale rd walk allllllllll the way to the mountain climb it, come back down and walk all the way back to my car (OH YA with NO sunscreen either!!!) So I have the worst tan on myself ever because I had no idea what the plan was for my birthday but im glad my shoulders look nice out of the trip and the hike up the mountain itself was fun but if only I had eaten something prior and had a backpack for water I would not have been so cranky.
5	OK, so everything that they other reviewers say here is true - it's a super quick 1400 ft. elevation change within a mile and a half;Expect to climb stairs, climb rocks,and climb boulders! Within the first few yards, you start to ascend. In the first half a mile, you will see mostly stairs made out of timber or rock.Expect some slippery parts; and the part with the railing isn't as bad as it looks - just don't let it intimidate you, and going up or down, it's sometimes good to get that momentum going.The last mile (which is pretty much 2/3 of the hike) was pretty much climbing boulders, though you definitely get a 360 degree view from the top, and it's pretty breathtaking.The trail can get confusing, and contrary  to popular belief, I didn't think that it was marked well at all! I only saw two or three mileage markers, and only one blue reflector! There were times in which I seemingly took the "road more traveled" only to have it come out going in a slightly different, yet steeper, location! Most of the time, you're really not on a trail, but you just try to navigate through the easiest path/openings withinthe boulder/rock piles!You gotta use your leg muscles, hands, and everything in your body for your climb, though if you're fit, you can do it.Use sunscreen - even though I didn't/don't use it!!! LOLBring water and bring snacks - esp on a hot day like today (103 degrees);I dunno if it's because they've done this a few times before, but it's amazing how many people don't seem to adhere to the "better be safe than sorry" policy with regards to how to prepare for a hike - esp with all the descriptions of how intense this hike is.Cuz I knew I was gonna be climbing rocks, I wore jeans, a t-shirt, and hiking shoes; lots of people wore skimpy running stuff and running shoes and went shirtless. I dunno, but if I start rolling down the mountain, I want to be protected...Didn't see everyone carrying water, or wearing hats, or wearing the right shoes, either.At some point, I tried to gather my balance andintuitively went to grab for something, and it was a cactus with sticklers! Beware...As I was descending, the metal railing was SUPER HOT and burning from being in the sun all day, so you might not want to grab it (if you see the sun on it); someone else said this here, but bringing gloves would be good.Everyone says that the parking sucks. Considering the popularity of this place, the lot is small. I hear there is a shuttle; they do make it illegal to park ANYWHERE in the surrounding streets - except for the small section of Echo Canyon Parkway, which had about a dozen or so spaces located right outside the gates.I decided to go when nobody would want to go, and that is at 1 pm in 103 degree weather! ...sure as shit, there were a few parking spaces open!You get one of the best workouts ever with a view - for free. You can't beat them apples!
4	Not really an outdoor girl. I believe in exercising as God intended -- running in place indoors on a treadmill with some tunes playing! That said, I am proud to say I did the Echo Canyon trail with some of my gal pals and we made it in under 3 hours despite not being what you'd call experienced hikers. What can I say, we were motivated by the promise of margaritas afterward! Camelback is truly a beautiful place, though, and in spite of my preference for indoors and air conditioning, there's some sweet moments to be had in nature, and while it's not my favorite way to spend a weekend, it was a challenge and I'm glad I did it. If you're going with a group, meet elsewhere and carpool, though, because everything people say about the parking is absolutely true.
4	Wow! What can I say about the hike up Camelback Mountain? Where to begin...Difficulty: a lot harder than I anticipated (I took Cholla trail)... I'm a runner who can run a 5k in just under 21 minutes, so my legs are in good shape, but this is a different animal. If you can climb flights of stairs and have no issues with raising your knees, it'll still be tough. Also, the main reason I gave this a 4 star was the HEAT. I got to the trail at 6:46 (I decided to walk from my hotel to the trail, a good 2 mile hike each way) and it was still hot, especially as I neared the summit and the trail becomes more slanted rocks that you basically have to say a prayer before going up. There is a point with a metal chain to help scale a wall near the top, and that was hot to the touch by 7:30. The view: Does not disappoint, in fact, it's great from the first marker, and obviously gets better the higher you go, but honestly it's great from the get go. Plus the trail is packed (with friendly, patient hikers... Contrary to some reviews on here) so its tough to get lost. I would definitely do it again in a cooler month. The terrain is difficult but not impossible and the feeling of being out there with a bunch of other nuts is great too!On the way down, there was this massive black bug that flew by so I just went to swat him away but that ticked him off BIG TIME. I was running back and forth along this ridge and he'd follow me and just watch me dead on... Just fly about 1.5 feet from my face and just hover there. Huge black flying thing... Creeped the hell outta me.Saw some lizards and big lizards too! They scurry from you but I got some good shots. Tips from me:GO WITH SOMEONE. I went alone and felt winded and unmotivated at parts. Especially when the going gets tough. It's good to have someone to help.you. WATER. Have you packed enough? Okay good, but you're wrong. I seriously recommend a minimum of 3 bottles if youre in good shape, and more if you're in average conditioning. I only brought 2 and had to conserve and still ran out by the bottom.
5	What ever you do, make sure you spend a morning at Camelback Mountain.Even  thought it is a very hard climb it will be worth every moment of you time.Don;t miss out on the opportunity of a lifetime.
4	If you're up for hiking, Camelback is a MUST!  Both the Echo Canyon and the Cholla trail are difficult in their own ways.  Both trails are a little hard to follow as there are parts that aren't clearly marked or there's literally some climbing to be done before reaching the next marker.  Expect to climb stairs, slippery parts, and rocks.  Beware of lizards!!  Great view from the top!  Climb Cholla trail for a view of a golf course on the easy first half up with a more challenging second half.  Climb the Echo Canyon side for a pretty consistent and steeper climb.  Also, beware of cops on your way to the trailheads.
4	My friend came to Phoenix for the weekend so we decided to check out this mountain.  The descriptions of this trail was no joke.  It was the most difficult hike I've ever done.  It was more like rock climbing/bouldering.  We chose the Echo Canyon trail because we couldn't find parking at the other site.  Go early in the day.  We started at 1pm and didn't finish till around 4pm.  As the day went on the trail got more crowded and that gets a bit scary when you're climbing up and down these huge rocks.  Bring lots of water and snacks.  The trail is marked by blue spray painted dots that can be difficult to locate at times.
5	The Sun is setting, what a sweet view!!My most favorite hiking mountain, thus far!!! This mountain holds many great memories and times, it's also a challenge every time to hike up, then a smooth jog back down!! Oh soo GREAT feeling when I'm done, that it energies me for more and more!!! I simply love this mountain, and its greatness!!! :)                     ******************* __ Echo trail for life!!!__*******************
4	One of the harder/longer hikes in the valley, but go early because it will take a while. I normally branch off and go to Bobby's rock near the lower part of camelback and do yoga. There is parking, and information. Pretty nice they have the steps put into the trail as well. One of my favorite places to go watch the sun set. I finally did the full hike and it took about 4 hours with myself and my miniature schnauzer who is only 6 months old! He put the bigger dogs to shame. There are quite a few steep parts on this trail that have built in support bars to hold on to. I recommend using them! Watch out for joggers that like to fly up and down the mountain.. they usually have headphones on and don't pay attention to what the hell they're doing. Make sure you bring adequate amounts of water, because you will want to stop and rest to rehydrate, even on days when it is 70 degrees. At about 5/8 mile- you can veer to the left and check out the hole in the rock/ homeless guy's pad. (that's what I call it) - it is a nice little alcove and it overlooks a different side of the valley. On the way back down be sure to stay on the trail and watch for the marker signs. There are rattlesnakes in some areas in the shade, and the busier trailhead is less likely to have them. Once you reach the top, or the halfway point, or what ever your final destination is- snap some photos! It is a beautiful view no matter where you stand or sit.  being 2,000 feet above sea level is pretty rad too. :-)
5	A moment for a brief political commentary. I kept thinking as I walked/climbed up this thing, "Man, this is red-state awesome!" I am originally from New England - if this mountain were in the middle of Boston, it would have concrete steps to the top with handrails on both sides, or more likely just an aerial tram and multiple laws forbidding anyone from ascending. But here in AZ, where life is cheap and the political ethic is - you're on your own, hombre! - this thing is amazingly gnarly, with lots of really fun ways to come close to killing yourself. I absolutely love the relative wildness of this route; the perfect antidote to a day in the cubicle!
5	Cholla Trail is a lot of fun and moderate hike. Echo Canyone is a lot of fun but also more challenging. Overall both trails are so much fun and a great workout.
4	No one appreciates Isaac Newton getting hit by an apple, until they they finish their Echo trek up and begin their descent down.    A couple of things I wish knew before hand if traveling on the Echo side.Bring a bag, or something to carry your water. Peeps say bring water, so peeps bring water bottles.  Half way up the trek, the bottle is a nuisance because you may need your hands.  People find create ways to carry their bottles to say the least.  Unless you're true mountaineer requiring constant hydration with a Camelbak, a track bag + water bottle is sufficient. Don't bother bringing a jacket, it too will be a nascence, do some jumping jacks before you head out and you'll be toasty. It is only a 4 stars because it is incredibly busy and parking is terrible.  Thankfully there's Park N hike, costing you  5 dollars.  Park at the  Town of Paradise Valley off Lincoln and Invergordon.  Its a good option for peeps not from the area, so you can get some nice local advice on trails.  Plus you can get a banana to prevent them cramps.For peeps looking for a fun date, spot, consider going up the Cholla side and parking on the street.  If one of you is not too fit, the Echo trek will be miserable for you both.  I plan to make my millions zip lining peeps from the top to the bottom.  Snapping your ankles on the downward descent could replaced with a soul crushing 2700 foot drop.  Note apparently the Echo parking will be closed after January 12ish 2013, to add  more parking.  I have no idea where to park at that time.
5	Uhm, I'm not from Phoenix so when our friend suggested a hike, I was just expecting your normal hike with a little uphill action. We took the Echo Canyon Trail and it was the most intense uphill hike I have ever been on. We brought a water bottle without a sack - and that was a huge rookie mistake because you absolutely need both hands to climb up this mountain. The view from the top is breathtaking and you can see the entire city from there. I feel like I conquered the world coming up and then coming down this insane mountain.Water is absolutely necessary and bring a camelback or backpack. It took us about 2.5 hours round trip.
5	Love the Camelback mountain!  This is one of the must stops if you are in Phoenix.  There is two way to reach the top of Camelback.  The easier way is the Cholla trial and the harder but shorter trial is Echo Cayon trial.  I have been on both trails many times... but I prefer the Cholla trail because the Echo Canyon trailhead parking is horrible.  However, I would suggest the Echo Canyon trail if you are looking for a great work out and don't mind to wait for parking.   The view on top is simply amazing!  You would be able to see the 4 peaks... Supersition Spring Mt... and the entire Valley of the Sun.  Both trials get very busy during the weekend so you might want to start early!  All in all, this is the number 1 Phoenix's attraction in my book!
4	Well worth a visit, fantastic views of Phoenix. Parking was horrible, but it was a busy weekend. I didn't know what to expect from the climb, so was surprised by the steep climb. A great work out and top views. Thanks to the legend that put the Xmas tree at the summit!
4	Not for the faint of hearts! An excellent alternative to Squaw Peak on busy days. Depending on the time of year you go. Hydration is key and bring good shoes with stability as this hike involves some pretty "rocky" terrain. Def. worth the view and feeling of accomplishment when you hit the top! Beware of rattlesnakes.....usually they are hard to come across but they are more curious during the summer months!
5	If you're looking for a challenging hike, Echo trail is the place to be!  This is by far my favorite hike in Phoenix. It's only 1.2 miles long but the incline makes it feel longer.  If you are looking for an moderate hike, you can do Cholla trail.  I do agree that it is easier 1.5 hike, but it's can bet tricky.  You need to pay attention to where you are going of you can easily loose the trail.  Some areas are super narrow and steep.Regardless of what trail you choose, make sure you take some fruit, trail mix or protein bar (these are just suggestions) and enjoy when you get to the top while enjoying the view!  Happy hiking!
4	When in Phoenix, one must come here for an adventure!  There are two trails for you to choose from: a steeper, yet slightly shorter route is the the Echo trail, while the Cholla Trail is slightly longer, and a little more moderate.Miss Amber O, Jessa O, and myself braved the Cholla Trail on a Friday afternoon.  Being an afternoon we thought it may be just us and the mountain.  We were not alone, as this place is busy all day long!  We spotted some very intense hikers too- one woman was on her third trek up to the top (running too, yikes!)Be ready to climb up and down rocks (seriously, folks), bring some gloves, and try to keep your balance going up & down the mountain.  This was about 10 times more intense then I expected, with me expecting nicely laid out trails all the way up to the top.  The Cholla trail took around 2 hours total for us gals, so plan accordingly with some water & snacks if needed.  And be sure to reward yourself with some beer after-- just like we did, as we headed to a nearby brewery.  Hope to be back soon, Camelback!
3	Ok, so this is my very first time going for a hike.... and Echo Canyon trail is the hike my friend chose to take me on.  Did I say she's no longer my friend?  haha, just kidding, but no, really, I wish I could de-friend her.  NOTE: this review is NOT for experienced HikersSeriously, I hiked up Echo Canyon trail as my first hike ever.  I cannot believe, for the love of God, how I did it.  I am not going to get on here and tell ANYONE that this hike is easy or that it was not scary, because I was terrified.  I'm a pretty healthy woman who works out regularly and the ascent itself was not a challenge for a marathoner/triathlete.  So, what was my hesitation?  Yeah, the steep ascents that required a bar to assist me on the climb.   I couldn't have gone up or down that trail w/o those things.   Normally, I would put my somewhat negative comments last, just in case people don't read all the way down, but I can't tell a novice how seriously one should consider going beyond that first steep ascent because coming down from there is probably more terrifying than going up.  (If you go up and you find, like me that going down is far more scary than the up, I recommend using the bar on the left/gate.  keep your bottom low and gradually step back backward instead of going forward.)Now, on to the part that was very pleasant.  The views of the city are remarkable.  There are plenty of opportunities to stop and take photographs and rest for a second or gather your nerves.... whichever you need.  I definitely enjoyed that part of the hike the most.  The parking situation in the area is somewhat challenging.  If you can't get there very early, you may need to park on the street or park in a remote parking lot and then catch a shuttle bus back to the trailhead.  Be prepared and wear appropriate clothing and have water if it is hot.  Wear sunglasses and your sunblock.  don't forget to enjoy the climb and be safe.
5	I've hiked Half Dome, Mount Whitney, Mount Tallac, and numerous other hot spots. I was down in Arizona for Giants Spring Training and had heard that Pablo Sandoval ran up this mountain to lose weight. I figured if he could run up it, I could definitely hike up it.We hopped in a cab and went to the Cholla Trail side because the other side was closed. Thankfully, we stopped at Starbucks on the way to get bottles of water. We would need them badly later.The trail was pretty crowded but not overly crowded. We made it up to the top, chilled, took pictures, and came down in a round trip of 2 and a half hours. There was a great sense of accomplishment at the peak. Everyone was really friendly and we even saw a lizard basking on a rock. I'm proud of the fact that there are some Arizona natives that haven't hiked it, yet we did, at 9 am on a Saturday morning a tad hung over. Bring plenty of water and enjoy the views of the valley!
5	Quick weekend trip to PHX so we decided on hiking and Camelback seems to be "the" hike in the Valley so we wanted to try. Echo is indeed closed until Autumn so we did Cholla. Parked on the street about a mile from the trail head as it was crowded as it sounds like it always is on Saturday mornings.  But hey we're here to hike so whats another mile, right?Read the reviews and thought I knew what to expect. We've done some great uphill hikes in the past so we're no strangers to big elevation changes. Well, we were NOT prepared at all for what's near the top. The first 3/4 of the trail is uphill on a reasonable grade. Strenuous for sure but not insane. What makes this trail amazing is when you start to approach the peak it turns into a rock climbing hike. This was TOO much fun. If you are scared of heights and sheer drop offs riight beyond the "trail", don't do this hike. It was was incredible though. Yes it was very strenuous and by the time we made the peak we were huffing and puffing. Descending the "rock climbing" part was definitely a challenge too and it takes a while (step VERY carefully) but it was great fun2.5 hours from beginning to end. We brought 2 huge bottles of water and really it wasn't enough!If you are planning in hiking in PHX, you like getting a good workout, you like heights and challenging climbing DO this trail. It was awesome
4	Camelback is a wonderful hike. It is difficult, and in my opinion, you don't need to make it to the top to get a good work out. But if you do get all the way up there, the view is spectacular - one of the best in the city. This is a great time of year to hike the mountain, although the Echo Canyon trail is closed right now for improvements. Check out the Cholla side though, it's great!
5	Since the Echo trail is closed until later 2013, we took the Cholla trail on the other side of the mountain. This is a great hike - if you're in decent shape and don't mind heights! It took us about an hour to reach the summit. The first part of the trail is moderate in difficulty, with a few steps every once in a while and loose rocks proving to be the most challenging obstacle. Once you get to the top of the camel's first "hump," though, the difficulty spikes. There is a nice flat resting area that is a good turnaround point for those intimidated by the ascent to the summit.Hereafter you're walking along the mountain's spine. There are pretty steep dropoffs on either side that aren't for the faint of heart or the unsteady of foot. The rest of the way requires a bit of climbing and scrambling on all fours, but the effort is well worth it, for the 360 degree views of the Valley of the Sun are stunning! The climb down is slightly more challenging, but is certainly fun.The one drawback to this trail is the fact that there were a ton of people on it. We went on a Monday mid-morning and there were times we were standing still as we waited in line to keep hiking. There were several unsupervised children and people who probably weren't in the kind of condition they needed to be in to make such a strenuous climb.Overall, though, Camelback Mountain is a superb hike. Just make sure you're in good shape, have plenty of sunscreen, and hydrate properly before you begin, and you will have a blast!
5	In a situation like this I don't like to recommend or not recommend something because I don't want to be a deciding factor as to whether or not you make this climb.  You're climbing a mountain so its a personal choice.  Do you have the endurance and will to climb a mountain?  That is something only you can answer.  All I can say is that I have lived here for the better part of a decade now and have seen most of what the state of Arizona has to offer, from north to south, yet I overlooked something so remarkable in my own backyard.  I am so glad I made the hike up the Cholla trail to the top of Camelback with my girlfriend, my little sister and her girlfriend.  As a previous poster mentioned the Echo Trail is closed until later this year so we only had one option, the Cholla trail, and from what I understand it is the easier of the two in terms of intensity.  I have done my share of hiking and climbing and to me the Camelback hike was very intense.  My little sister was visiting us from out of town and had just done some very intense climbing out in Montana at Glacier National Park and she couldn't believe how intense the climb to the top of Camelback actually was and neither could we. It took us about an hour to reach the top, another 45 minutes or so enjoying the views from the top, another hour or so to get down and about fifteen minutes each way from the car, for a total of just over three hours invested in our venture.   There are some stretches of the climb where you need to be extremely careful and use good judgement.  You should always use good judgment, of course, but there are some instances where you wonder if you should have some climbing gear.  If you are in good shape and are somewhat athletic than its likely you wouldn't have any issues, providing you are not afraid of heights and have the basic ability to climb and balance, but this climb is not for people who are out of shape or clumsy or for those who fear heights or freak out when they look down at the conditions below them.  You can hike the first part of the trail and decide along the way if you want to continue on to the top or not.  It gets more intense as you go and you can always turn around at any point along the way.  Just make sure you do turn around if you have any doubts because coming back down is always more difficult than going up.   We saw a lot people who did just that, went as far as they felt comfortable before turning around and there is no shame in turning around.  In summary, we went all the way to the top and there was a good crowd of people once we made it.  It really is rewarding and the views along the way, as well as the view of the Phoenix area is absolutely amazing and a must see for anyone who likes to climb.  If you are up for a great hike and have the agility to make it than the top of Camelback may be a good destination for you.  I am really glad I finally hiked this mountain and would like to make the trek up the Echo trail when it opens again to see how it compares to the Cholla.
5	The whole idea of having to hold onto railing and climb some slippery rocks has turned me back in the past. But today was different. I wasn't gonna let this mountain scare me.It's the hardest hike I've ever been on, what with the holding rails and climbing boulders thing. But once you get to the top, you see how peaceful and serene the mountain really is.Coming down, one of the seasoned regulars told my friend and I we were doing really well. And he asked if I'd come back and I said no.But now that I'm home, I've changed my mind. It truely was an amazing experience! And I came away with such a sense of accomplishment and pride. I highly recommend this hike to anyone!Just remember-take a friend for encouragement. And lots of water! I drank my whole camelpak and didn't have any left for the ride home.
5	I love this mountain!One of the toughest, but also closet hike grounds around the PHX area.  For you trail runners this place will kick your bleep!  Echo Canyon is more of a steep climb while Cholla Trail is meant for running in my opinion.  Doing both is super challenging; up Echo Canyon and down Cholla Trail and back again --- woo wee!Experience hikers going up either way takes about 1 hour 15 to finish, and for you beginners bring lots of water -- it'll be a tough 2-3 hours.  Also, don't try to do both on the same day if you can't.  Overall, one of the best hikes you'll experience since at the top the view is amazing.  You can see the entire valley!  However, this place can get very crowded especially during the early hours.  I tend to go later when the sun is beaming; granted that sucks, but at least I don't have to dodge and run around people. - Enjoy!
4	Camelback Mountain is a short, decently-rigorous hike up a mountain in the middle of the Phoenix area.  It's a highlight of the city and without a doubt the most heavily-perfumed trail in America (the ladies of Scottsdale do love their perfume -- even when exercising).It's a fairly short hike (1.2 to 1.5 miles one way), but rigorous enough for an experienced hiker or trail runner to break a sweat.  Two trails lead to the mountain summit (Cholla Trail Vs Echo Canyon Trail)--with Echo Canyon being the shorter and tougher hike of the two.  Each trail provides gorgeous views of Scottsdale and the surrounding area.  Absolutely worth a visit.For more info:www.destination-scottsdale.com/camelback-mountain.html
5	I climbed the Echo Canyon trail on Christmas Day with my roommate and our firefighter friend, who is a regular at Camelback Mountain. We went around 7am as the sun was rising and the weather was a cool, crisp perfection.I was happy to see so many families choosing to be active and take their kids hiking on Christmas morning, although that meant the trails were absolutely packed, I didn't mind. Everyone was in good spirits, people were being encouraging to strangers during their hikes, and it seemed that all hikers were wearing a smile on their face despite the fact that at least 85% off all muscles in their body were probably on fire.The trail itself was very challenging. Half the time you were making your way up the trail you were almost climbing more than hiking since it gets so steep. There are also a lot of boulder-y sections where you are just hopping up onto buolder after boulder to make your ascension. Needless to say, the trail kicked our butts (well, not the firefighter friend, but definitely my rommmate and I)!I haven't been back to Camelback Mountain since that day, but that's just due to lack of time more than anything. I highly recommend it to anyone looking to get outdoors and get a fantastic workout, not to mention a breathtaking view of the entire Valley of the Sun.
5	love this camelback hike except for the summer. steep and slippery yet one can reach to the top in an hour with limited effort. view from the top gets even better. this place is for anyone loves outdoors.
4	Cholla Trail is a fun time with beautiful views of the city. The trail has a lot of switchbacks which is nice because it means it's less of a steep climb. towards the top of the montain it gets VERY steep though and you literally have to pull yourself up onto boulders using your hands as there is no way to get up just using your feet. I'm not sure how any dog could handle the very top of the trail, but looking at other reviews it seems like some can make it! I can't imagine my dog would be able to do the very steep climbing at the end, even though she's a pretty experienced hiking dog. Also, steep going up means steep going down - I slipped a few times coming down and was a little worried about falling into a cactus! next time I will wear my hiking shoes and not just sneakers. Parking on Invergordon Road is pretty convenient, although even at 5 am a lot of spots were full. it's entertaining to walk along Cholla Road to the trailhead and see these ridiculously expensive houses with limos parked outside :P
4	I'm used to the LA mountains. Pretty smooth trails, narrow in some areas but not too bad. THIS, was a whole new hiking experience for me. It was a beautiful April day, started out early and eager to climb this mountain.  We did the Cholla Trail since the Echo Canyon is closed until October. Parked on Invergordon Rd and walked our way up there. It is 1.5 miles one way and it took me a total of 2hrs to go and come back. The trail in general is rocky, you have to watch your step and wear appropriate shoes. It starts out pretty flat but mid point it starts to get steep and at some areas you must use your hands to climb the big rocks. So I made it to the top. Yay! With blood on my knee and scratches on my hands, yes I fell. But I felt great! will do it again.
5	.
4	This is a phx gem. However this hike is not easy. It's more like rock climbing. I'm in no means fit but this hike got me exauhsted it was really challenging I wouldn't have made it up without the motivation of my friend so SOB (short of breath) Will never be back, but hey I can say I hiked camelback!
5	A absolute excellent outdoor adventure for all skill level climbers! Brings lots of water and make you where plenty of sun screen. Careful with small children it does become challenging at the top. Either side present a valid challenge depending what you are looking for.
5	A great hike in a great location.  It doesn't get much better.
5	Ive climbed Echo Canyon trail and Cholla trail over 100 times and they never disappoint. This mountain has something for everyone; 1) convenient location, 2) good looking crowd to help motivate your climbing, 3) best views in the valley of the sun, 4) you can make the hike as challenging as you want by running to the top and/or going up/down multiple times. Ive seen the elderly, obese people, and kids as young as 6 or 7 make it to the top (although if you are in this demo i would highly recommend to take your time and rest often). Echo Canyon is currently closed for maintenance so I did Cholla yesterday at 12 noon, 103F, up and down in 1:15, 950 calories. Be sure to bring plenty of water and be sure to look for the blue dots to help stay on the trail...it's easy to go off the trail by accident FYI.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this mountain! Parking for both trails i've hiked on are a little tight. Echo Canyon Trail off of Tatum & McDonald is pretty hard. The parking lot used to be super small and if you had a bigger car then your luck of finding a parking spot was very slim. I've hiked that trail twice and I will tell you now if you're just getting into hiking I don't recommend hiking Echo Canyon trail! There is a ton ton of steps to get up the mountain and then when the steps end it is all uphill where you have to climb pretty moderate/small rocks to even to get to the first look out point. Getting down is even harder. The parking lot is currently being worked on so you can't even hike that trail right now so hopefully when they're done with all of the construction the parking lot will be bigger than before! The other trail, Cholla Trail, off of McDonald & Invergordon is way easy! Piece of cake! The first time I hiked this trail (And haven't hiked before that in 1 year) I made it to the first look out spot (very flat spot) in 5 minutes. That's how easy it is. To get to it you have to park on Invergordon road which requires to you to parallel park to either get in a spot or get out and the line of cars can get very long! You have to walk up a big hill (street) up Cholla St. which is a pretty big hill and almost can be a workout. But after you get up that the trail has a little steep part and then half of it is literally flat. Which is easy and prepares you for the little more of a steeper part of the trail. It's easy to get up but is a very good workout! I definitely recommend Cholla Trail because it is the easier trail on Camelback Mountain and easy for first time hikers!
4	Having hiked some pretty rigorous terrain in the Superstitions I really never thought Camelback had much to offer. WRONG! Granted I am out of shape but it kicked my but the first time. Great trail that is pretty challenging once you are making the final ascent to the top. Can't believe that I have lived here for 20 years and never hiked this. There are some minor annoyances however. People bring their dogs. Really? I really do not care to step in doggie doo while I am hiking. Next, parents bringing young children. So tired of having to wait in the middle of a hike because parents insist on hiking with their youngsters. Lastly, some people seem to feel that it is OK to bring small radio speakers and blast them at max volume all the way up the mountain. Not cool! Ever hear of headphones? Other than that I would highly recommend, just be safe and as one other review said do not feel you have to race to the top or bottom. Everybody should go at their own pace and be careful! Bring a lot of water and stay hydrated!
5	I'm lazy and not fit. I'm the guy holding onto rocks hoping not to fall into cacti while watching runners breeze by as if on air, and wondering how they get their foot landings so perfectly balanced. For people like me, go slowly and steadily. Bring a lot of water. Wear sunscreen and make sure the sun and temperature are on your side. Plan 2-3 hours up and down. This is a hike/climb. No pain, no gain!
5	Think of how boring Phoenix would be without this landmark.  The only problem is that we need a few more of these mountains.  I mean, have you tried climbing this thing on a Saturday morning?  It's as bad as a black Friday at Macy's. Nonetheless, glad to have this nearby.
5	Exceptional view in a super accessible part of the city. Arizona is full of breathtaking views of Mother Nature and Camelback is no different. It's a must-see if you're in Phoenix. Only minutes from Old Town, this Southwestern natural beauty is stunning in the early mornings. If you're like me, getting up at 5am for a morning workout can be a lot to ask. But not if you have this little mountain and a top view of a city sunrise as a backdrop. We ventured up this mountain in the wee hours, a must if you're looking to avoid the intense daytime heat, and got quite the workout hiking up and down. There are easier and harder sides of the mountain, so plan according to your skill level. Go at your own pace, and be extra careful of your ankles as the rocks can be a bit dangerous if you're not paying close attention. Overall a great experience!
5	Not many things make me say "man, I wish I lived in Phoenix." But Camelback Mountain? It tops the list. I fancy myself a relatively outdoorsy and athletic guy, and curse the fact that I live in a metro that doesn't exactly feature a ton of outdoor activities. That's why on every business trip to Phoenix I make sure and schedule enough time to get in a quality hike on Camelback. While I've heard some people say that they think it's a tough haul, I don't find it particularly challenging. It's no leisurely stroll, but I also don't think it's any sort of widow-maker. What is it then? An incredibly convenient opportunity to get your blood pumping while enjoying some gorgeous landscapes. Watching the sun rise over the mountains and creating silhouettes of saguaro cacti is a beautiful opportunity that this midwesterner cherishes. Sitting at the peak and looking over the entire valley is certainly inspiring. As of this writing the Echo Canyon side is closed for repairs, which is a bit of a bummer. It's the more extreme of the sides, and fills me personally with a greater sense of accomplishment. That being said, the Cholla Trail is nice as well, it just has less steep of inclines. When the whole trail is operational, I'd say go up Echo Canyon and down Cholla Trail, as I wouldn't want to try and descend some of the spots on Echo. But either way, if you're looking for good hiking not far from the city, you're all set with Camelback Mountain.
5	So pretty. So relaxing. I took the easy hike up - not the crazy hike on the other side which I hear is a straight vertical climb up. I rec embarking on your hike super early in the AM so you can watch the beautiful Phoenix sunrise. Enjoy!
4	So when working at a hotel, when people ask you where the best places to hike are....if you've never been, you feel like A. a liar if you tell them a specific location is GREAT when you've never even driven past the area or B. like someone who doesnt know how to do their job.SO, last weekend... I decided to fix that. Except, I dont know why I chose the weekend, it seemed like everyone and their mother wanted to go hiking on a Sunday at about 10am. The parking sucks, I must admit, but if you plan on doing a somewhat challenging hike (for not hikers) then you shouldnt be upset with having to walk an extra .5 to get to the start of the trail. It seems like people of all ages do this hike, from 5 year olds, to retired individuals. Then again, this is why I hate hiking during busy times (no offense). I dont like feeling rushed by people behind me or being held up by people in front of me. I felt like i was constantly standing out of the way to let people pass me, just because i was being self concious that I was holding them up. lolAnyways, the hike in general is beautiful, the beginning of the hike looks over the Phoenician resort and golf course, so as you climb, you get great views. It was a little muggy when I went, but I bet the views would be the greatest after light raining, just to clear all the debris in the air....at least thats when you get the best views in San Diego!The beginning of the hike you just feel like you're on a stair-stepper haha but you can get great views rather quickly, I snagged a couple panoramic shots. The best part of this hike is that after you start to get REALLY winded and are climbing in the sun, the mountain sort of levels off for a minute IN THE SHADE. Its like someone planned this. The very end of the hike is fairly steep, so be careful with your footing. I would say hiking shoes are preferred on this hike, cause of all the loose gravel. I saw a few people coming down the mountain with bloody knees and I also bit the dust quite a few times myself. There were Bee Hive warnings everywhere, which I thought was strange. But if you are in moderate shape, I think this is a great hike to do. I hiked it leisurely in about an hour and 20, but that was stopping to take pictures and relax for a minute. If definitely is do-able. I cant wait for the other side to open up! I want to go!
4	We hiked Cholla trail today and found it more challenging than expected, but also found the views at the top more rewarding than expected. The whole hike took us about 2.5 hours. There are some real sketchy, steep rocks as you approach the very top. But, no pain no gain. If you stick with it and push yourself, getting to the top is really awesome. I would highly suggest bringing a Camelbak of water (my 23 oz waterbottle had to be rationed til I got to the top), shoes with good traction, and sunscreen and/or a hat. Parking is tough -- street parking is available but it fills up really quickly, especially on the weekends.One of the best parts of living in AZ is the awesome hiking, so go out and smash the Cholla trail!
5	Of course I hiked up the Cholla trail in September.  I didn't know what to expect.  I don't think I had the right shoes to wear for this hike.  You'll need good traction if you intend to hike up the entire mountain (which is basically rock-climbing after you reach "Helipad Plateau".  Be careful, the nice views show a reminder of your early death if you fall off of the mountain from fainting of dehydration or not having a strong enough grip when hugging the mountain.FIVE STAR!  This hike was so much fun!
5	Oh my goodness, I had no idea that I haven't written a review for Camelback! Basically everything about this hike - I absolutely LOVE! I love the perfect difficulty it is. If we go up slow, it's an awesome workout without dying and I would even say relaxing. On the other hand, if I'm looking to burn some calories I can just pick up the speed and the incline kills! We keep track of our times, but we learned the hard way that running down the mountain leaves your knees throbbing. I like hiking both trails but I think the Echo Canyon side is my favorite because its a bit more challenging. I have been patiently awaiting its reopening with the new parking lot. They have recently added some cool markers that provide information such as distance and altitude, so you know what you've done so far, and what lies ahead. I am a regular now, but I feel like I would have started a long time ago if I knew about it sooner, so Yelpers-- I think this is a MUST do if you haven't already. You never know who you'll meet up there, there's an older guy who hikes it every morning about 10 times up n down! Someone also gets a real Christmas tree every year and brings it up to the top! So Awesome! I like so go at sunrise before work but its a great hike anytime of the day as long as you have light ( we've done the hike in darkness before sunrise- just bring a flashlight). Overall-- my favorite hike in Arizona!
5	Very strenuous hike at times, but that gives you that sense of accomplishment! It's so cool to make it all the way to the top and look down on the whole city. Beautiful views!
4	We hiked up Cholla Trail and it was one of the best experiences ever! Great views and a great workout / challenge.  Bring water! Only bad thing was parking,  which was about .5 mile away. Not a big deal at all really. Definitely go!
5	I've lived in the Phoenix valley for just over ten years now and have wanted to do this hike for a while. I live on the far east valley and never felt like driving an hour to a hike. I've changed my feelings after hiking Cholla yesterday. I loved it! I found it to be pretty easy. Please keep in mind that I do cardio and/or weight training almost every day. So, that probably helps a lot. However, I would think that just about anyone should at least try this. Just know when it is time to turn around. Coming down was much harder than going up. Make sure you wear the appropriate hiking shoes and not just worn tennis shoes like I did. You really need something that grips the ground. Those boulders are really slippery.I did feel a little nervous about scaling rocks on a steep incline, but once you start doing it, you realize how easy it really is. Just a caution, beware of stupid people- the ones that run down steep jagged and slippery portions of the trail. I saw two people almost slip over the edge yesterday. They ran down a section that the rest of us addressed with a crab-crawl.
5	The Cholla Trail is amazing!!! Im glad I got new sneakers for christmas, because I needed that traction. Really fun hike -  Im scared of heights which makes things a little complicated, but I LOVE hiking and the views from this mountain are incredible.  First time I made it almost to the helipad, second time almost to the summit (stopped after the climbing got a little too vertical and steep but plan to push on next time). Took us a little over an hour to get near the top. I am DEFINITELY coming back. Most fun hike I've done in a while!
5	Great hike. Not the hardest but a workout nonetheless. The Cholla trail is beautiful. Looking forward to them opening Echo soon.
2	Updated: Echo Canyon renovation. Echo Canyon used to be my favorite trail but after this new renovation it sucks.Parking is worse than before if that's even possible. I went on a typical Thursday afternoon and the park rangers still had to turn people away. As soon as you turn into the lot there is a barricade with a park ranger letting people in one at a time as soon as there is a spot available. This would be a good idea but the barricade is so close to the road that only about 5 cars can wait for a spot and not be blocking the main road.  This is very poor planning in my opinion.As for the trail itself: they took out the stairs in the beginning and made it very steep with compressed gravel. This is actually harder than the stairs and I could definitely see people slipping off more easily.I would not bring anyone that is out of shape to this trail. Also our furry friends are no longer welcome (no dogs allowed).Once you get past the parking and the "improvements" to the  beginning of the trail, it is the old Echo Canyon that we all used to know and love.
5	Arguably the most beautiful views in the area. An incredible hike for the experienced hiker: don't forget water and great shoes. Gloves wouldn't hurt - you'll have to use your hands in a few spots. It gets slippery and there's some boulder hopping. There is a large parking lot with a bathroom and water fountain, now. However, after being closed for a long parking lot rebuild and path upgrade, it reopened Wednesday and it's insanely busy. There was a line to park in the middle of the day on a Thursday, so weekends might be mobbed. It's breathtakingly beautiful hiking, but it's a tough course so if you're new to hiking, do yourself a favor and save this one for later.
5	Man, I love this hike more and more every time I do it. It's a bit of a challenge and be prepared for some rock climbing closer to the tippy top on Cholla Trail. Echo is steeper but the view at the top is always worth it! So make sure to have you're camera with you. You don't want to hike all of that without getting a picture to represent your hard work!!!If you're going to attempt to go on a weekend, make sure to wake up early. Finding parking and the walk to the trail head will take extra time. But be prepared, it will still be busy.Happy hiking and wear good shoes!
4	Made it in after a short 5 minute wait for parking.  Never been here before today but it is a path to the summit.  The trail is loose dirt and gets a little dusty when people are running down the path.  It is a really good hike with a lot of elevation gain during the first quarter mile.  The views in the canyon are really neat.  The views of the city are, well a view of the city as you are in the middle off town.  There are better hikes for views that are not of the city which is what I prefer.  Don't get me wrong, I will definitely do this hike again, but I will do it after the newness wears off and people are not lining up to get in.  It will be a pet friendly trail in about 6 months.
5	Great climb!  Nice and technical for a climber with no gear.  Great view of the city from the top.  I would suggest getting dropped off to avoid the parking issues here.
5	It is by far one of the best hiking trail i have ever did.  Such an interactive trail, you will most definitely get your out door daredevil fix out here.  A few years back i was in a bad car accident and had to get a hip replacement at the age of 25.  So i decided to do the trail as a personal challenge, and now i have done it i definitely encourage people that are a little hesitant to try out this trail to give it a go.One thing to beware of are some of the inconsiderate hikers, some people are so determined on their own hikes they would rush you or evening brush over you just to get a head.  I definitely tripped a couple times because of that.  Word of advice, just be careful and don't let those people ruined your hike. :)
5	This hike/climb was a fantastic experience. The view's view's from the top are well worth the trip.Advice, bring water. I forgot mine and it was a real problem. I was getting dehydrated and was about to turn back when a very generous hiker saw me and offered a bottle of water. I couldn't thank her enough and was able to reach the summit.
5	Believe the hype - this is a very challenging hike. I never went before they re-did the trail, but only the first part has changed according to articles. It took me 75 minutes to reach the top and an equal amount of time getting back down. It is almost equal in difficulty coming down as going up this beast of a mountain. There are three areas of just climbing rocks and then you have two areas of handrails to make it up another stretch. Views at the top are of course well worth the 2000 foot ascent, but if you don't work out on a regular basis, you should at least be mildly sore the next day after taking on this challenge. Thursday late morning was my choice to climb and I got into the lot after a very short wait. Timing is everything, but most spots were full and people were walking inside from some far off lot. Whatever it takes, this mountain is one that was needed to be conquered.
5	We had to hike this.  We hike all the time and have recently taken to trail running.  My husband is taller and thinner than I, but I am in fairly good shape, hiking shorter peaks regularly.  This trail kicked us both (and moreso me) in the butt with a pair of steel toe boots.  It was incredibly challenging but so much fun.  There was a kid in a Superman shirt ahead of us and when I reached about 150 feet from the top (which I thought was the top) and hubby said, see, its just up where Superman is!  I was thinking 10 feet away, saw Mr. superman way up off in the distance, And I very seriously exclaimed, "I'm done, theres no ******* way!  Have fun Honey!"  A girl heading down in a blue tank top heard me and said, "But you're so close, you have to do it!"  And that did it.  After a few minutes' rest I made it to the top of that beast, and I lived to tell the tale.  It was incredibly killer, but the challenge of actually making it all the way to the top, as well as the technical challenge of the boulder climbing part of the trail made the journey a whole heck of a lot of fun on the way up, and even more fun on the way down, as we grabbed tree trunks, and swung and jumped from and between boulders, bounding our way down the mountain.
5	How serendipitous that our visit to Camelback mountain coincided with the opening day of the parking lot! There was quite a long line when we first arrived. We were unsure at first if we had to pay to park because there was a man in the booth managing things. Usually man in booth=dude waiting to collect $. We found out that parking was free. The booth is there to let people in as others come out. In the rich neighborhood of Scottsdale this was the city's attempt to manage the riff raff and keep us grubby hikers from parking our dingy cars in front of their fancy houses. I like organized chaos. Camelback is a popular spot among the locals. The hike is labeled as strenuous. I agree, it's not an easy walk in the park. Wear sturdy shoes. Try to come a few hours before sunset(3 hours before because it will take you that long to get up and come down) and enjoy the change in scenery. Watching the sunset on the hike is amazing and the pictures you get will be so much better than at any other time of day. Be careful on the hike. This is an ankle twister waiting to happen. It's rocky, steep and slick in some parts. They have metal bars for you to brace yourself on when things get extra hairy. Use hand sanitizer or wash your hands after touching those bars because they are a germ fest. If in Scottsdale, and you consider yourself the outdoorsy type, a visit to Camelback Mt and conquering the hike should be on ur bucket list.
5	I don't think I can express my experience through words.  Ill try.  Here I am new to town and up during the ungodly hours and spontaneously decided to go watch the sunrise.  With a quick online search I decided camelback would be my poison of choice.  The average person would probably think a young woman shouldn't go hike up a mountain all along in the morning but I wasn't thinking negatively it was a spur of the moment.  I read enough articles that helped me prepare myself.  I was ready by 6:45 am I was out of the door.  Parking wasn't hard to find because I knew ahead of time to leave my car on cholla LN.  I made sure to park legally to avoid a ticket.  I grabbed my backpack and up the mountain via cholla trail I went.  I was under te assumption that echo trail was still close but later found out it wasn't.  I made friends going up and it was fun to reach the saddle and just take a breather.  They sadly headed back down and I was left deciding if I should really continue to the summit alone.  Here come an old wise man with his dog  who gave me a wonderful pep talk.  he basically said what do you have to lose (well my life for starters sir haha) but seriously he told me If I quit half way ill end up regretting it.  So I pulled up my big girl's pants well in this case my tight ass yoga pants and kept telling myself how fun this is.  There were several times when I looked for blue dots, I didn't see 'em and had to use common sense.  once I reached the summit, I was in awe.  I completely forgot how steep or tough the climb was, I was just taking in the beauty.  I love nature. I'm in love with Scottsdale.  I rested, ate an apple, drank some water and took lots of flicks and was ready to head back.  It was a quick hike down but the entire time I was saying to myself "how the heck did I get all the way up there" haha guess it's true after all, it's all in your head.  you are stronger than you think.  This was a wonderfulworkout i didnt go to the gym that day.  Next time ill go up via echo trail and see what the hype is all about.
4	I will start this review with a disclaimer that I am not an experienced hiker by any means, despite being a quick drive from the Rockies.After visiting Phoenix from...well birth really...I finally decided on one visit to look into hiking Camelback.  Turns out it is about a 15 minute bike ride from our house, so off I went.  From far away, the mountain does not look that difficult to climb.  Once I arrived and started hiking, I found that there were definitely some easier parts and some very challenging parts.  I've been a few times - I start from the "bum" of the camel, and work my way to the rest area between the two humps.  I have yet to climb up the larger hump.A few things to take into consideration when climbing Camelback:- Bring water!  Depending on the time of year and day, it gets VERY hot up there!  My last hike was on an uncommonly warm Christmas Day and I was getting pretty toasty.  If you're visiting in warmer months, I would recommend going in the early morning.  You'll want sunscreen and to keep as covered as possible to prevent burning.- Wear shoes with good grip.  There are lots of spots where they rock is smooth and slippery, and where you have to scramble to get up/down the trail.- There will be people of all ranges hiking up the mountain - families, tourists, fitness freaks running the whole way, you name it.  Some parts of the trail are narrow and you might have to wait your turn to pass.  But there are also a lot of rest spots where you can stop for photos and enjoy the beautiful surrounding scenery.- There are stands to lock your bike if you do bike there.  There is no parking directly on the street - you can park along Invergordon and walk to the trail.  There are also no washrooms at the site.Overall, hiking Camelback is a great experience that I'd highly recommend to anyone visiting the area.
3	The LA fitness of hiking trails.
5	i loved hiking camelback!! challenging, but definitely doable. this is not a hike that consists of flat rails. be prepared to climb rocks!  gloves may be a good idea for that.  would recommend if you're visiting phoenix. this was definitely my favorite part of my trip :)
5	Pretty incredible hike for a place where there's no fee. Lots of people come here to hike or even run up this place. Parking can be very tricky due to the popularity of this place, even during weekdays, so be warned. Also, note that the first parking lot you see isn't the only parking available, there's more beyond it. My friend and I waited about a few minutes at the first one thinking there wasn't anymore, only to find  a parking spot right next to the beginning of the hike. We hiked all the way to the top, and it wasn't an easy hike. There's some intense climbs, but there are railings to help you, and most of the people along the hike were always lending a hand. I definitely recommend taking water, and maybe a light snack to eat at the top. But after about 45 minutes of climbing, you'll arrive at the peak, where you're rewarded with a great view of Phoenix, Scottsdale, Glendale. We made it for the sunset, and it was just incredible. Definitely one of the best hikes I've done for a place that wasn't a national park. This is definitely a must do when you're in Phoenix. It can be pretty dicey to hike back down after the sunset because a lot of portions on the way back are covered from the moonlight, so make sure you bring some lighting.
5	Very tough hike but comes with beautiful trails and stunning views so is well worth the effort.
5	Elevation at summit: 2707ft; Elevation gain: 1200ft . This is my favorite trail in the Valley. The climbs are challenging, but the distance is short (40 minutes to 4 hours depending on fitness level), which makes it appropriate for anyone who's looking for some physical activity with a spectacular view at the end. I hike this with my wife and 3-yr-old son every other weekend when the weather is below 80. My son can climb the trail going up, but needs help coming down. If you hike with little ones, have lots of patience, water, snacks, and a baby carrier.The only downside is the parking. The lot expanded with the renovations, but it's still horribly inadequate for the amount of traffic  the trail gets. It's almost impossible to park in the lot. You can't "wait" for a spot either, so people literally drive around in circles, hoping to come by the parking lot when there happens to be an open spot. It often happens right as I pass the entrance, the lot opens for the next car behind me, then circle around again. Instead of dealing with that aggravation, I usually drop the wife and kids off at the lot's entrance and park 2 miles away, then run back to catch up with them. I'm amazed at how people can circle the streets for hours to wait to get lucky and not park a couple miles away. It's like people who try to park at the closest spot possible to the gym doors. You can get by with 12 ounces of fluids if it's less than 80, but I'd recommend 32. Add 32 ounces for every 10 degrees above 80 to be comfortable.If you're looking for a bigger challenge, try Flatiron at the Superstition Mountains in Mesa/Apache Junction. 2800ft elevation gain vs 1200. To put it in perspective, Humphrey's Peak with an elevation of 12,000+ ft has an elevation gain of 3300 feet. Flatiron summit is NOT for kids or people who are not physically fit, but plenty of kids and elderly will still hike 1/4 or half of it before the real verticals begin.
5	Challenging, fun and a hell of a view of the valley!
5	I've heard nothing but good things about this hike. Definitely worth the hype!! Got there at 6:35am, only waited five minutes for the gate to the parking lot to open and there was a line of cars already. One poor guy waited since 5:30am. I think opening time varies to the time the sun rises. There's two lots, upper and lower, so if you're an early bird...drive up to the top to get a prime time parking spot. Don't let the 1.2 mile (one way) distance fool you. Sure, the first third of the trail is pretty benign-boring typical hiking trails and a set of wooden stairs. Then you approach what looks like a wall of boulders and a rail in the middle of it. The first two intense sections has rails for you to grab on, but the last and most intense third of the hike doesn't. Even though it may be intimidating, this hike is quite doable. Just use your hands and feet and be smart about where you're stepping. It's a popular hike so there's definitely rocks that have crevices and flat rocks that almost make it seem more like a stadium/stairs workout. Things I would suggest:-Bring water. Preferably one you can put in a backpack or fanny pack. I think it'd be better and safer to be hands free. Water fountains and restrooms are only available at beginning of hike. -Follow and look for the signs. This hike is well labeled with arrows for the journey up and down. Be aware of closed area signs. -Some people brought hiking sticks. All I came across mentioned them to be more of a nuisance. -Wear comfortable clothes and shoes with good gripping. You're literally climbing rocks! -Don't bring a fancy schmancy camera. Saw someone almost bump it into a rock as it was around his neck. If you bring it, safer to put in a backpack of some sort. -Don't get intimidated by the look of the hike. There were a lot of older people doing the hike and doing it quickly too! If they can, you can. Took 50 minutes going up and 52 min going down. Take your time and look for safe footing while climbing down. I opted for the morning hike, but for sunset hikes I would bring a flashlight as going down that mountain would be dangerous in the dark. Definitely worth doing at least once and I'd totally go back again!!
4	We did the Echo trail ascent. While it's mostly a hike, there are some parts that could be more aptly described as a climb.  Best to have more than 20 oz of water per person and maybe a small snack, banana, etc.. Recommend carrying your water in a bag on your back. It's difficult to climb certain parts of the trail while holding onto a bottle of water. Parking is controlled and very limited, but spots open up throughout the morning.  Echo trail parking lot is located at the entrance to a residential neighborhood. On the day we visited, a gentleman in a black Jaguar laid on his horn as he was unable to make his way through traffic to his street. Not surprisingly, we heard later that police were ticketing cars that were in line to get into the parking lot. There were more than a few people who chose to listen to music without headphones, which was a delight that reminded me of riding the bus or subway.
5	I love this mountain, it gives you an overall workout. Advise for someone who is just starting out: go at your own pace, bring a water back pack or any type of hands free water devise, preferably hiking shoes or very supportive shoes, and don't get caught hiking on the way down after sunset without a flash light. Hiking downward after sunset can be very challenging because it is pitch black mostly and its hard to see were the signs are on the way down. Overall very good hike and nice views the only challenge would be the parking. Parking is not so bad closer to sunset.
4	Echo is definitely challenging, providing several different terrains (flat, gravel, smooth rock, rough rock), steep climbs and beautiful views. The trail is maintained well and there are two safety rails to assist climbers on the steep rocks. The trail can get very crowded and the popularity of the trail does not provide enough parking during the busy months. Arrive early to avoid having to park down the street as they close the lot when it's full. The trail is worth it and the view is worth seeing at least once.
5	Parking can be annoying, but Echo Canyon is an amazing workout and it's one of my favorites. We arrived today (Sunday) at 8am and the lot was already full. Weekdays are less busy. Bring plenty of water, wear good shoes, and watch your step coming down. Please follow the rules of hiking: right of way to hikers going up, stay to the right side of the trail. No dogs until June, though I saw a guy bring his today. Lastly, enjoy! It's one of the toughest hikes around and you should feel accomplished reaching the top. Plus you can't beat the views, and there's even a little "secret" cave to the side coming down the mountain.
2	This is a great, challenging hike. It's interesting and of course the views are great. My problem is with the way traffic is conducted. Yesterday was the third time we have attempted to hike this side of camelback. The parking lot was full however you can not wait for a spot. So the roundabout is just full of cars circling to get in. They opened the lot and let two cars in, mind you these cars were waiting less time than we were. But since there isn't a line, how would the troopers know? I saw a car pull up, move the sign, drive in, and put the sign back. As we circled I saw them find a spot right away. So I got out of the car and was going to talk to someone, however as I did, my boyfriend pulled up in our car, my sister hopped out, moved the sign, he drove in, she moved it back and he pulled into one of the many parking spots. Just ridiculous. The point of a parking lot is that people wait for a spot to open and they move in. This entire design (and to not allow any street parking) is a major fail in the city's planning. We actually thought about parking on the street as we saw there were some other cars that had. However when we parked and got out we looked at the ticket on one of the other cars we passed and I noticed it was an $85 ticket! Yikes. I thought it would be $25 which I could justify. Back to the roundabout we went. This huge project that cost us tax payers money and this is what we get? They need to figure out something to do about this during the busy season because all the tourists as well as the locals want to climb this new trail. You need to accommodate the traffic or allow street parking. Something. The hike however was very nice. Much more fun than the other side. Challenging but not too difficult. My legs hurt the next day though. Which was a good feeling. I'll probably go again as summer approaches and parking will be easier as the snowbirds leave town.
5	My wife and I did this hike in just about two hours. It was amazing. The views are breathtaking. We hike at most of out travel destinations and aren't afraid of tackling intermediate to advanced trails. This was a great mixture of rolling wide paths, rocky climbing over gravel covered boulders, and some steep ascents but not so steep as to require any equipment. We came across a few kids and a few beginner hikers that were doing well but getting quite the workout. We did the echo canyon trail and it was a breeze to park and the trailhead was great. Bring a small pack or waist pack, as you will need both hands to scamper up the steep sections.
5	This is without a doubt the most awesome hiking experience I've ever had. Beautiful beautiful scenery. But make no mistake..THIS HIKE WILL KICK YOUR ASS. I don't think it is stressed enough on here to reach the top takes not only an above normal level of fitness but ALSO sure-footedness, not be freaked out by heights or drop-offs, and ability to scramble and climb over a never ending set of boulders which consumes well over half this straight up the mountain hike. Also unless you're an elite athlete I would recommend no less than 3 liters of water. Going up is exhausting and exhilarating..going DOWN is the tough part. It's worth making sure you're physically fit and doing this..it is friggin awesome but make no mistake it's not for the ill prepared!  Also gloves would be very helpful. Hiking poles are difficult as you use your hands a lot.
5	Best hike in Phoenix PERIOD Please carry plenty of water. It's starting to get hot, so get there early to avoid the heat, and also to avoid the supposedly "much improved" parking situation. I just don't get why the gate guard doesn't allow cars in when there are AT LEAST 10 spots available inside the lot, WHY??? note to PV owners: don't bother going back home during the day, there are way too many cars blocking your private road while circulating the roundabout waiting for the gate to open.One time after seeing many cars exiting and the gate still remains closed, I decided to move the "lot closed" sign myself. OH NO, the guard almost called the police on me. "Back off, now don't you dare to touch my sign! Back off right now!" wow, I mean do you really think you are the COO running the parking lot now?! Anyway, other than the parking headache, this hike gets an A+ in all aspects.
5	Phenomenal hike! Lots of people and parking is a major challenge unless you get there early. However, it's worth the brain damage. Great views, big heart rate and never boring!
5	This mountain is a fantastic hike, but it will kick your behind! And its more of rock climbing than hiking to me. I guess I didn't read the reviews thoroughly enough. When I got there all I remember was that it probably only took 50 minutes going up and 50 minutes going down. I can tell you it definitely took me more than that. lolI'm not as fit, so I did have a lot trouble and needing to take a lot of breaks. More so with the breathing as I'm not use to high elevation being from FL. It will definitely test your endurance, and it will be quite a challenge. Whenever I thought we were close, we never were lol and at one point we thought of turning around, but for our first time in AZ, we couldn't have any regrets.After the first leg, there is a warning to see if you were able to handle it or not as it gets a lot harder a long the way, telling you to turn back around if you couldn't. The next couple of legs look a bit intimidating having railings to help you pull yourself up on the rocks. Definitely rest up before when you start to see them. The last leg is probably the hardest with mostly rock climbing. I would recommend wearing gloves as my hands felt a bit raw grabbing when we were all said and done. Also I ran out of water and didn't have any going back down from the top. So if you are totally new to this, bring lots of water! And bring a protein bar of some kind as well. It was helpful, but also sucked without having water to wash it down... =\Going down is not easy as you think, and more impact on the knees. If you do have issues, take some advil or what not before the climb. It was awesome to finally complete the whole thing, but we were also dead tired as well. Parking is a bit busy, we were lucky enough to get into the lot.
5	This was a fun and adventurous hike! The views were spectacular, parking was easy, and the grounds were well maintained.  I'd recommend this hike to others!
5	Absolutely love Cholla trail!  So beautiful and breath taking in more ways that one....sight and effort!  The length is perfect from a cardio and endurance stand point.  The walk from parking is perfect to warm up your hips and core before you start climbing up.I love that there are flat stretching to run and stretch the legs out in between increases in elevation.And the best part is......there is so much hype about Echo Canyon Trail that Cholla Trail is always less crowded and pleasant!  Bring plenty of water!
5	I took advantage of cooler weather last weekend and hiked Echo Canyon Summit Trail.  It was more like climbing than hiking.  I went in the late afternoon and it was absolutely beautiful. It has been more than 10 years since I made this hike last, and wanted to give up so many times.  View from the summit was stunning, worth the effort to go up there.  I took three bottles of waters with me and am glad I did. I needed all of them.  I dressed in layers. Wind was a bit stronger after I climbed up 1200 feet.  I came prepared and am glad I did.
5	A few years ago, in a moment of weakness about more than halfway through the [echo canyon] trail, I felt like saying "Eff it, I'm tired."  Then I saw a man with a prosthetic leg pass me steadily.  If that isn't motivation, I don't know what is.  If that doesn't make you feel ridiculous for wanting to quit, I don't know what will.
5	Camelback Mountain, how can I not rate it 5 stars?!?  Well, I am an avid hiker and I love to come out here.  It's a little far from my house, but well worth the drive.  I  recently visited here the other day, the first time since the park reopened last last year.  Let me start by saying that I was very happy with the bathroom and parking lot improvements.  Also they graded the beginning by removing all of the old rail road ties that used to be a burden.While hiking Camelback the other day, I forgot how beautiful of a hike it really is.  We are so lucky to live in a place where we have outstanding hiking trails with awesome views right here in town.  No wonder Trip-advisor and other travel websites rate Camelback and Piestwea Peak top attractions.Well, this time I had my heart rate monitor and tracker on.  To make it to the top it was about a 1150 ft elevation climb in a little over 1.30 miles.  That is steep!  I was prepared though, good hiking boots/shoes, camelback filled with water (it was low 90s), and I even brought my hiking poles to add to the stability on coming down.  I practice with my poles often because I want to continue hiking well into my old age and don't want to blow out my knees.  Also I burnt close to 1800 calories from the parking lot and back for my body.  That's awesome!!!! Overall, this is the most scenic hike in the valley.  There are other hikes that are also great, but something is special here at Camelback.  I have only done the Echo Canyon trail, one day I'd like to attempt the Cholla Trail as I hear it is more difficult.  How can that be.lol.  On a side note, even with the parking lot improvements, parking can be tough, so be prepared to wait in line in your car.  I would consider carpooling to this location.  Also, this is not an EASY HIKE, so come prepared.  They finally put a sign up saying that Phoenix FD has over 75 mountain rescues here each year, and I can believe it.  But don't let that discourage you, try to get to the top and if you feel faint or it's too hard, just turn around and try again next time and train your body.  And be reminded that once you are on top, you actually feel like you have accomplished something!!!  Have fun and be safe!
5	I gotta say this trail has improved over the years. They finally have a working bathrooms no more porty potty. They also have bigger parking now which is a plus for everyone. You need to go there little early in the weekend. I have been here a few times but today was good hike. This is the first hiking place I have been and I love it. Everything is good except for the drive. It takes about 40 min commute to get there. All worth hike though once you're doneI'm planning to visit this place more often.
5	Echo canyon trail hurts so good! Make sure you sunscreen up, drink a lot of water, and possibly take a snack for a rest at the top. Parking is a little difficult on the weekends. But this is probably the most challenging hike in city limits of Phoenix. Definitely worth it!
4	Just completed this hike today. Man, was it hot! The majority of it was an incline. I almost gave up half way through but decided to push on. The view was beautiful!  Coming down wasn't as bad, but still rough. We also saw a snake and a bunch of lizards.
5	Wow this one will kick yo ass if your not on good shape. Slightly dangerous and slippery , be careful going down.
5	We did this hike as a last minute activity while visiting from Hawaii and we're so glad we did! We weren't really sure what we were getting ourselves into and about 1/2 way up we realized this hike was no joke! It starts out pretty mild and then turns into full on climbing up rocks, not just a dirt trail. The nice parking lot and bathroom were a plus and there are a bunch of signs and markers along the way to keep you on track. There were huge lizards and we were told a rattlesnake but didn't actually see it (I'm sure not surprising to locals). Definitely a challenge but manageable for inexperienced hikers...I'm confident my 5 year old could make it up the hill. Coming back down is a little nerve wracking and hard on the toes but the view from the top is absolutely worth it all!
5	Expect a difficult hike. Lots of steep areas and rocks. Bring water and GOOD trail shoes. Rocks are slippery. Beautiful views. No dogs so leave your bitch at home.
4	Far more challenging than it seems. Water is a necessity! What a sense of accomplishment afterwards!
5	Who goes hiking on vacation?  Apparently I do!  Several friends that live in the area are always posting pictures of their hiking adventures around the Phoenix area and I wanted to see what desert hiking was all about when I came down for Memorial Day.Being from the Pacific Northwest, hiking generally involves parading through heavily forested trails with occasional rockery and is often made worthwhile with scenic waterfalls and lakes.  I knew not to expect this in Arizona, but what I didn't realize was the different beauty Camelback provided.  Being located in basically the heart of the widespread greater Phoenix area, the panoramic views are unparalleled without being in a plane.  PNW hiking is generally situated far away from any urban areas so it was unique to be able to see an entire city and its surroundings from a hiking vantage point.In hindsight I wish I would've brought a map of the Phoenix area (rather than looking at my small iPhone screen) to get an idea of what I was looking at across the valley.  As a golfer it was fun to see the layouts of the courses I've played from an aerial view, especially the Phoenician directly below on the south and east sides of the mountain.I'd love to come back for a sunset hike!
5	Hiked Camelback Mountain this past weekend. Great hike for a quick morning workout.I hiked Echo Canyon Trail. It's challenging but won't require any equipment so it's great for an out-of-towner wanting a good workout while traveling.Just remember it's steep and can be dangerous so be careful. There are some rails and fences on select places along the trail. I recommend you get there early. Before sunrise if you want to hit the peak and get back down before the crowd picks up. And you will beat the heat if you go early.
4	A Tale of Two Tourists... (This story is based on real life events. The names of the individuals have been changed to protect the ignorant)Tourist 1: Wow, look at that mountain over there, it looks pretty cool!Tourist 2: I think I heard someone call it Camelback Mountain.Tourist 1: I wonder why they call it Camelback Mountain. Tourist 2: I think it's because it looks like a camel laying down. See? There's the head... the hump in the middle... and then the butt.Tourists 1: Huh... Huh Huh... You said butt.Tourist 2: ...... You're an idiot. C'mon let's go climb it! Tourist 1: It's kinda hot out though. Don't ya think? Tourist 2: Yeeeeeah but it's a dry heat. We'll be fine! Tourist 1: Okay, but we should grab some water and maybe change into cooler clothes.Tourist 2: Nah, our jeans are fine and we don't need any water. We'll be up and back in no time. That story may seem ridiculous but it's no joke. That happens. The temperatures in Phoenix have just recently begun hitting triple digits and sadly, 1 person has died and others have needed to be rescued. The heat in Phoenix is not to be trifled with this time of year. I'm no expert on the heat here. In fact, this will be my first full summer in Phoenix. So far, I think it's awful and supposedly it will get worse. I can tell you this... the next person who claims "It's okay, it's a dry heat" should get kicked right in the groinal area. Camelback is a great mountain to hike, but parking for either of the trailheads can be difficult and the mountain is popular so there can sometimes be a lot of people on the trails. From the summit you can see pretty much the entire valley. Great view. You can get there by going up one of two main trails:Echo Canyon Trail which I haven't hiked and Cholla Trail.Cholla: http://www.yelp.com/biz/cholla-trail-paradise-valley?hrid=vJSaFf7NCg3X5WByMB0qEAI don't care what anyone says... Camelback is not an easy hike. I consider myself moderately fit and I find Cholla challenging. I couldn't imagine trying to climb it in the blazing sun and heat higher than 90 degrees. The story above poked fun at tourists, but the truth is that even locals sometimes find themselves in trouble. For some reason, people underestimate this climb... maybe because it's so close to civilization that they have a false sense of security. I don't know.All I can say is, enjoy this awesome mountain, but be smart about it. Monitor the expected daily temperature, bring lots of water and appropriate clothing/shoes. Especially if you bring your dog or child... I don't even have time to get into that... So anyway... Happy Hiking and Be Safe out there!
5	Probably the most awesome hike I've done! It's an incredibly steep incline the whole way up, and they have installed rails in some places to help you scale the mountain.  The best part is the view on the top of the mountain!  But be prepared to share it with about thirty other people because this is a very busy and popular hike. If you are not in shape, its going to be pretty difficult, and there are some cliffs and openings that are pretty hazardous so you need to be careful.  There is a lot of climbing and using your hands to get yourself up, so don't expect it to be easy.
4	Great Hike but can be dangerous - especially at the top. Echo canyon is the better of the two trails you can take to get to the summit. Cholla trail is easier to hike and an easier place to find parking. Found a really good description of what to expect on both trails here. http://www.fuistetravels.com/mountains/camelbackmountain
4	This hike is very challenging. My husband and I did the cholla trail. We don't hike often and we are both in decent shape. We started the hike at 6:45 and I would recommend starting earlier than that. It got pretty hot at the end. I would say it is about 75% hiking and 25% scaling rocks using all four extremities. It's doable, but pretty tough. My husband went all the way to the top, I stopped about 300 feet from the top, and I'm glad I did. The views were phenomenal and my husband says the worst part was the part I missed. Going up to the top took about 1.5 hours, coming down was obviously way easier and way faster. Bring a lot of water. We brought about 10 bottles of water and 2 huge gatorades and that was about right. I wouldn't have wanted to have any less. You need a backpack or something. You can't climb with anything in your hands. If I ever did it again, I would start earlier in the morning, eat a good breakfast, and bring something that would keep my water at least cool so it wasn't hot when I drank it.
5	BRING WATER! My favorite mountain in the city. The toughest one out of all them. If you are tourist and reading this during the summer. DO NOT EVEN TRY TO HIKE THIS unless1. You are in moderately good shape 2. You wear appropriate clothes 3. BRING TONS OF WATER Plenty of tourist die on this mountain for various reasons each summer.BRING WATER!Otherwise I climb camelback a few times a month fall-spring. I've done it a few times during the summer not as enjoyable. If you are a newbie just come prepared. Trail shoes or actual rock climbing boots work the best I wouldn't suggest wearing your regular running/work-out shoes although a lot of ppl do but it gets slippery at times especially going down mountain. don't wear jeans or flip-flips trust me you'd be surprised.  BRING WATER!sunblock is a must if you're climbing it in the summer yes black folk you too. I got sun burn on my nose for the first time in my entire life after climbing Camelback last year during the summer.Best times to go is either at sunrise or after 3pm (it doesn't get dark until about 7:30p during the summer)  if you go 9am-2p good luck finding parking.Depending on how in shape you are be prepared to take around 2-3 hours to complete (going up then coming back down)BRING WATER!
5	Go hard go hard go hard!! It's super nice today? Finished at 8:58 started at 8:06. Feeling good. I really like this hike. I recommend it to all my peeps out there.
5	This is the toughest mountain in Phoenix area. Try this only if you are in moderately good shape  and also bring tons of water. Its more like Rock climbing than hiking. Its better to reach before 5:30 AM. If you reach after 5:30 AM, getting a parking space is difficult and it gets very hot when coming back. They have rails in multiple places to help  and the best part is the view on the top of the mountain. Tough one..But its worth !
5	This is my favorite hike ever! My first time doing this trail was brutal and that was over 5 years ago.  Now I'm in way better shape but this mountain still kicks my butt, in a good way of course. It also didn't help that the morning we went was right after the first monsoon of the season (July 4th) and the humidity was insane. The cloud cover did help with the heat though. This was also my first time back since the renovations and I was overjoyed that we didn't have to wait in line to park. At 6am on a Friday (also holiday) morning,  there was still plenty of parking spaces available. Usually, I was used to getting there at 5:30 am with a line of cars waiting for the next available space to open up.  It would take 30 to 45 minutes to park.  I am so happy with the changes. They also had a plaque displayed right before the trail got difficult warning hikers to know their limits and listen to their bodies. It shared the brief story about an experienced hiker who lost his life on the trail and stressed the importance of safety and the dangers of the trails. Awareness is crucial because my friend read that plaque and decided not to go further. She was happy at how far she had gotten. I'm glad she tried it but realized the top must wait for another day. Safety first!Overall it was a great hike and reaching the top is such an awesome reward. The breeze was welcoming and the view is always epic. We like to spend some extra time up there reflecting, cooling down, and being thankful for our health and our lives.
5	I would like to think that I am in relatively good shape, I can run for miles and miles and miles. At sea level, on flat, pretty pavement. This being my first REAL hike, I thought it would be a nice relaxing way to spend a Sunday evening. It was nice, and it was Sunday evening, but relaxing it was not. Friends told me it would take about 30 minutes and "you may want to bring a bottle of water or whatever".  LIES! It turned about being a little more than an hour to the summit, which doesn't sound overly difficult, but for a Florida boy who's lungs are RARELY over 6' above sea level, this was an ass-kicker. And climbing billion year old rocks, practically straight up at times, uses slightly different muscles than putting one foot in front of the other. It has a few "false peaks" where you think you're almost there, only to be emotionally crushed when you realize you just made it up the kiddie hill. And the 2 1-liter bottles of water you brought are already gone, 3 liters through sweat. It wraps around a few sides of the mountain, so if you go in the evening, 2-3 hours before sunset, you will catch a few pockets of shade where you can set your empty water bottles down and take a moment to curse the person who said "you could practically do it in flip-flop sandals".  You cannot do it in flip flop sandals. You will die, or break an ankle, then die. If you're doing the Cholla trail, do not leave any later than 2 hours before sunset. It follows the east side of the mountain (see-shady) so if it's sunset when you're at the peak, you're going to have a long, dangerous dark walk down. This being my first hike, I'm completely addicted now. (The knee pain hasn't kicked in at the time of publishing). It was ridiculously challenging, which makes it that much more rewarding. I'm looking forward to other ways to scare the crap out of me and question my sanity, and wonder in what other aspects of my life have my friends straight up lied to me.
5	great before or after work hike...still love it. but there is a leash law for a reason dog owners. not all of you're leashless dogs are that friendly or well behaved.
5	Great hiking and gorgeous views. Very safe area as long as you stay on the trail. It just doesn't get any better than this!
5	Climbing camelback was an amazing experience. Went up the echo trail which is the most strenuous but it was definitely worth it. The mountain trail opened at sunrise around 6am and the line to the parking lot was fairly long so I would recommend going early; however don't go too early because there isn't really a place to wait In your car and the cops came and made everyone move and drive around 4 minutes before they opened the lot gate!!! Although the echo trail was fairly difficult I went with my gf, her mom, and younger brother and we all made it to the top, even though her mom had some knee problems. Just pace yourself and make sure to bring a lot of water, sunscreen, and wet towels ( we put a few cold wet towels In plastic bags and they were amazing when it started to get real hot). Do not climb late  in the day (after 10am) if it's the summertime because the heat is very taxing on the body. Also the view from the top is amazing!
5	My wife and I decided to attempt to conquer camelback mountain and we did. It's a very rough course with many steep hikes. I was able to complete it in Nike running shoes, this might I add, I do not suggest. Only because it can be slippery at times when coming down. I suggest getting there early too. The park doesn't open until sunrise but we got there at 5:30am and it opened 15 mins later. There was atleast 8-10 cars behind us waiting also. This was a Monday morning. If you begin your hike after 8pm it tends to get a little too hot I would imagine. We started around 6 got to the top around 730 or so and completed the hike down by 9. It's a good hike up and down. I loved it tho.
5	It's been three years my last review of Camelback Mountain so it's definitely time for an update since they've improved a few things.*  Added more parking spaces ( there are now double the amount parking space and double the amount of traffic.)*  Added great restrooms!  No more porta-potty's!  *  There are now 4 water fountains!*  Bike racks for about 20-30 bicycles.*  Banned dogs on the Echo Canyon Trail.  (not all dogs are friendly or able to take on the grueling hike.  Also, new vegetation in the parking area and the 1st 1/4 mile of the hike/climb require time to get deep roots.  *  Ranger station at the entrance.*  Private drive for the Echo Canyon residents.*  New round-about for flow of traffic onto McDonald Drive.And now for a few of the new challenges that have come with these previously mentioned improvements.*  Residents of Echo Canyon still have difficulty accessing their homes from traffic backing up onto McDonald Drive, especially on weekends and holidays.*  Parking is still an issue due to the iconic status of Camelback Mountain to both residents and tourists.*  The parking opens at sunrise, which is far too late for many residents that would often hike to the summit and be done by sunrise, thus alleviating some of the parking challenges.I enjoy the hike / run / climb of Camelback and do it about 3 days per week.  While the renovations were going on last year, I started hiking Piestewa Peak at the Phoenix Mountain Preserves and do appreciate it when there are time constraints.Please plan ahead.  Bring plenty of water ( 1 quart for every hour.)  Most people that are in fair shape require 2-3 hours for the entire hike.  Wear a hat.  Apply sunscreen prior to the hike.  Stay on the trail.  Stay to the right.  Don't stop in the middle of the trail to converse.  If you can make it to the summit in under an hour for your first, that is an impressive accomplishment.Camelback Mountain's Cholla trail near The Phoenician is more often an easier access point and although it is a tad longer, the elevation changes are much more gradual.  You can bring your canine friends there, as long as they are on a leash.  There isn't a restroom, parking lot or even a water fountain at the Trailhead due to it's location in a residential neighborhood.  Plan your time wisely for parking, hiking and enjoying Camelback Mountain, it is definitely worth it.
5	I hike Holbert Trail at South Mountain Trail about 4 days a week and never hiked Echo Canyon Trail ever and decided to hike it this week with no idea what I was getting myself into.I took 2 16 ounce bottles of frozen water and those were gone by the time I got to the top and about going to the top it was super difficult and going down even harder cause you have to watch each step you take.I went totally unprepared on a bad ankle and paid for it but I love the strenuous challenge this trail offers and I am hooked.I am going to try this trail out as much as I can from now on cause I love the difficult challenge it presents.
3	Beautiful - used to hike this one often.  Now it's just too busy. Trail is more than worn - tough to go without running into people and dogs.  Great if you like to socialize and walk slowly.
5	if you want your butt kicked... hike this mountainPs wear shoes with traction
5	This is Phoenix's iconic hike. Yes, it has crowds and can get hot, but it's fun, has great views, and is worth doing. Make sure you have a Camelbak (pun!) full of water and good hiking shoes. Leave around sunrise to avoid the crowds (300,000 visitors a year) and stay cool.This hike is smack dab in the middle of the urban sprawl of Phoenix and Scottsdale, so it's a great hike to do if you're in town. But don't let the location fool you, this is a challenging climb in a harsh desert environment.There are two ways up, Echo Canyon and the Cholla Trail, which I recommend. The Cholla Trail is less crowded and not as steep. I have full details of the hike on my blog here:http://theoutsidelife.com/hikes/camelback-mountain-hike-phoenixs-must-hike/If this review helped you at all, PLEASE VOTE THIS REVIEW USEFUL to make sure more Yelp visitors see it and can do the hike. Thanks in advance! And if you have any questions, feel free to message me on Yelp or my website, I'll do my best to help.
5	I've been hiking this mountain for 17 years and I still love it!It's a tough mountain and demands your respect.  Watch your heart rate and bring plenty of water.  People have died on this mountain because they went beyond their abilities or failed to bring enough water.  The warnings are there for a reason.I'm glad dogs are not allowed on Echo, even though people are ignoring that rule because not all dogs are friendly.   I carry a knife for this reason.  The Cholla side is great but people are dirty (garbage litters the trail along with dog crap), hike in the middle of the trail and generally have no trail etiquette.  Just be prepared for this and you'll be good to go.  Oh yeah....drink a lot of water!
5	I was honestly surprised at how good this hike was.  I generally don't really enjoy hikes that have hand rails or groomed paths along the way but this was an exception.  The hand rails and paths were only at the beginning too.  It is located in a very urban space so it gets points for convenience and it was very challenging.  Towards the top of the hike it got extremely technical, every muscle in my entire body hurt the next day from pulling my body weight up over nearly vertical rocks and I consider myself to be pretty physically fit.  When we got to the top the view was fantastic, 360 degree views of the city of Phoenix!  I wouldn't recommend this hike for small children or anyone that isn't in good physical condition.
4	Being a city girl and not graced with the sure-footedness of a mountain goat, Camelback's Cholla trail was my first ever hike.  It was terrible back then, and muscles in my legs that I didn't know I had, hurt like no other the day after.  But here I am, four years later, still hiking the Cholla trail and I love it.Parking is along the side of the road, and depending on the time of the day, the weather, and if school is in session, things can get pretty busy and parking can be an ordeal.  And to add to that, it is of course, parallel parking, a tremendous terror in itself.  If you're a brave soul, and hike during the summer, bring tons of water and aim to be done with the hike at 8.30-9AM. Any later, well your skin starts to burn, courtesy of the good ol' Arizona sun.The trail itself is pretty busy, with regulars, what appears to be guided hikes, college kids, and dog lovers with their dogs.  In my opinion, this is great for beginners up for a challenge.  About a third of the way involves a fair amount of steps, nothing too hard.  Then comes the next third where the path narrows down to being just big enough for one person but is fairly flat.  And finally the last third, marked by the helipad, is the scramble.  I've never done this last third but I heard it gets pretty tough, making it comparable to Camelback's other trail, Echo trail.  So two thirds of the trail takes me about 1.5 hours at a leisurely pace, a decent hike to work up a good sweat.
4	Trust your fellow Yelpers on this one because the reviews are on point. I wanted to know what I was getting myself into ahead of time, so I consulted Yelp on what to wear/bring, difficulty level, best time of day to go, and parking. We had no problem finding parking on a Thursday morning. Do yourself a favor and listen to the reviews! If you already have them or are willing to invest in a pair, hiking shoes/boots definitely help.. especially if you have a fear of falling on your face like I do! Since I knew we were going to do Camelback Mountain, Grand Canyon, and Sedona, it was worth buying a pair and made me feel more comfortable on all our hikes.
5	I had never hiked in my life before and I'm not an athlete. Believe it or not I did make it to the top of camelback even though it took me 2 hrs. It was a challenge I had never endured before and I was amazingly surprised I completed it. If I can do it anyone can do it. But for those of you who are athletes don't be surprised if it is somewhat of a challenge for you as well.  Go for it!!!!
5	This hike was absolutely amazing! The beginning was just easy trail going up hill. At about the half way point a family warned us that the trail got a lot harder! It got quite a bit harder, losing the trail, and mainly just climbing rocks. There were times when I was in all four climbing up the rocks. As tiring as it was, the view from the top was amazing! Definitely recommend it to anyone who wants a little challenge :)
5	Echo Canyon is no joking matter. Come dressed comfortably, bring plenty of water and if you can, come early to beat the sun. It's a terrible idea to be looking up into blinding sunshine. Finding a place to securely place your hands and feet is already a daunting task. Doing it while somewhat limited in sight? That blows. (Wear really good shades.)When they say the parking fills up fast, they mean it here. The parking lot opens at sunrise. It fills up. ASAP. If you're ok with circling around the neighborhood to wait, good for you. Otherwise park nearby and Lyft/Uber over. (It's currently six bucks to Uber from 44th & Camelback. Meet your friends there and carpool. Have some brunch at Flower Child afterwards.)I absolutely, positively loved this hike. Yes, it's hard. But there is limited loose gravel to contend with. Yes, you are often scrambling around on your hands, or scooching on your butt, to get over a rock. (A pair of climbing gloves would be awesome.) Ascending the steep areas that are lined with a fence and/or pole are difficult. People will end up lined up behind. Patient. Kind. Polite. This is Phoenix after all. You need to hold on for dear life.But when you reach the top. Oh yes. You will feel like a Queen. (Or a King :) The view up here is amazing. Stunning. Don't be silly and attempt to take a selfie. Ask someone for heaven's sake. How often do you get to do something so kick butt neat? Selfies are ridiculous.Although there are plenty of trail markers it's not a clear ascent or decent. You will need to use your brain. You will need to judge each step. "Do you switch back? Can you stretch that far? Are you strong enough to jump? Should you jump?"(Probably not. You'll either fall down causing a massive slide into other people. Or, just fall down a cliff.)I completely understand how and why people end up on the news. You need to be careful. If night falls I honestly would just stop moving. I would wait for the morning and see if I had the energy to come down. Otherwise I wold wait. One can easily go off trail here with one step. PFfft! Down a ravine. Don't mess around. Come prepared and enjoy the view of a lifetime. Gotta love Phoenix!
5	As a first time to the mountain, not to mention the west coast, I was in for a surprise. I work out at least 5 days a week... Climbing a mountain should be easy, right?Wrong.This was the physically hardest thing I've done in my life. Make sure you bring at least 2 liters of water with you. And go very early in the morning.The view is so worth the struggle to get there.
5	If you're looking for an invigorating workout outside, this is the place to do it.  There are various trails you can take and different levels of intensity.  The walk here from the Phoenician is a bit of a hike but just be sure to bring water.We didn't reach the top but we had quite a nice hike and it's even more interesting trying to get down (especially if you're short and realize how tall the rocks are the you climbed up to begin with).  Beware of rattlesnakes... I'm about 90% sure I heard one in a bush under a rock and totally freaked.  But the hike up is totally worth it for the beautiful pictures.  Give it a whirl. And go in the morning before it's too warm! :)
5	Did this hike last weekend for the first time. Got to the mountain around 730AM and there were already 20 cars parked on the street for the Cholla trail. It's a short walk to the mountain from there.I consider myself to be in pretty good shape, I played college football and I still workout 4x a week. The Cholla trail definitely wasn't a walk in the park. It's very doable if you're in good shape but don't expect to dominate this if your fitness levels aren't high. Saw another review mentioning a rattlesnake or possibly hearing one, I didn't see one sign of wildlife or snakes.Obviously from the pictures the top is amazing, we spent some time taking pictures and then headed back down, the wrong way. We ended up taking the Echo Canyon Trail back down and it looks like a pretty big challenge. The last 15-20 minutes of the hike was climbing up rocks. There were other parts that would seem hard if you're climbing up including rock stairs with a railing. If you're looking for a good workout this is definitely the side you should try.We brought 6 water bottles and went through 5 and it wasn't any hotter than 85 degrees so come prepared and make sure you hydrate the night before.
5	In town from San Diego, in love with hiking and I'm staying at the Omni Resort which is only a few blocks away from the Echo trailhead. Nothing was going to stop me from experiencing Camelback, not even my sprained ankle or the endless comments I read about how hard this hike was or how it was a bad idea for anyone afraid of heights, I would have to completely disagree. I have a fear of heights, my heart sinks when Im on the edge of a cliff and I've never fallen asleep on an airplane (unless it was because I blacked out trying to keep myself awake). I would think that I have a moderate fear of heights and that did not affect my experience on the Echo trail at all. Not going up nor coming back down. From the summit I looked over the Cholla trail and noticed a pretty sketchy ridge line (narrow and exposed on both sides), if you are like me I'd probably avoid that route. Now as far as the intensity of the Echo trail - it's not extreme by any means, especially for a mountaineering trail. If you are used to running switchbacks then the rock scrambling on this hike will be new to you however it's not overly technical and you will have a lot of fun on the way up (and down). As far as water goes, I personally didnt need the bottle I brought along, it became more of a nuisance for me to carry. I know tragedies have occurred on this hike due to dehydration but remember, thats not because this is a hike from hell, its just that this is a very popular mountain and a matter of odds. That said I wouldn't recommend not bringing water or not properly hydrating yourself before you start however if you hike this trail at 3pm on a nice November day like I did, don't freak yourself out reading the tips from mid summer and find yourself dragging a gallon of water up the hill. In the end this hike was a great workout, probably not a good idea if you are out of shape. The scenery and views are amazing. I will be back soon for another run on Camelback. Enjoyed the friendly, encouraging and helpful company of the locals. Thanks Scottsdale!
5	In town from San Diego, in love with hiking and I'm staying at the Omni Resort which is only a few blocks away from the Echo trailhead. Nothing was going to stop me from experiencing Camelback, not even my sprained ankle or the endless comments I read about how hard this hike was or how it was a bad idea for anyone afraid of heights, I would have to completely disagree. I have a fear of heights, my heart sinks when Im on the edge of a cliff and I've never fallen asleep on an airplane (unless it was because I blacked out trying to keep myself awake). I would think that I have a moderate fear of heights and that did not affect my experience on the Echo trail at all. Not going up nor coming back down. From the summit I looked over the Cholla trail and noticed a pretty sketchy ridge line (narrow and exposed on both sides), if you are like me I'd probably avoid that route. Now as far as the intensity of the Echo trail - it's not extreme by any means, especially for a mountaineering trail. If you are used to running switchbacks then the rock scrambling on this hike will be new to you however it's not overly technical and you will have a lot of fun on the way up (and down). As far as water goes, I personally didnt need the bottle I brought along, it became more of a nuisance for me to carry. I know tragedies have occurred on this hike due to dehydration but remember, thats not because this is a hike from hell, its just that this is a very popular mountain and a matter of odds. That said I wouldn't recommend not bringing water or not properly hydrating yourself before you start however if you hike this trail at 3pm on a nice November day like I did, don't freak yourself out reading the tips from mid summer and find yourself dragging a gallon of water up the hill. In the end this hike was a great workout, probably not a good idea if you are out of shape. The scenery and views are amazing. I will be back soon for another run on Camelback. Enjoyed the friendly, encouraging and helpful company of the locals. Thanks Scottsdale!
5	Beautiful scenery. I really do wish I had brought my camera! Trail wasn't super intense, but not easy either. I would highly recommend this hike now that's it's getting much cooler out!
5	This mountain will kick your butt! I hike it every weekend and it has helped me with my cardio, stamina and maintain a healthy weight. Definitely wear shoes with some traction or you'll slip and slide all the way down. For your first few times, make sure you allot a couple hours - you'll want to take is slow. It's pretty much straight up the whole time, but when you make it to the top, you'll feel amazing.
5	I did this hike for the first time this morning, this was the last mountain in the Valley for me to hike. Wanted to catch the sunrise, so we started around 6:30, and arrived at the summit around 7:10ish- which was perfect timing for the sunrise. Very steep at some parts, but well worth the scenic views at the top.
5	Great workout and fun climb to some amazing views of the Valley! This is a review of the Echo Canyon Trail, which ascends from the West side of the mountain. This trail is described as "intense and difficult," and I would have to agree - It's definitely a challenge, but the payoff is well worth it.Getting to the Echo Canyon parking lot is pretty straight forward. Set your GPS to "Echo Canyon Park." If you set your GPS to "Camelback Mountain" you'll end up in some pretty high-priced neighborhood with no trail access and some annoyed locals.TIPS:1. Get there early! Parking fills up fast. Also, one nice thing about doing the Echo Canyon Trail in the morning is that you spend most of the time in the shade.2. Bring plenty of water. I use a 100 oz. Camelbak and I LOVE it!3. Know your limits and take your time. The trail can get pretty crowded. Don't feel like you have to rush because there are hikers behind you. Let them pass. Pace yourself and enjoy the hike. The last thing you want to do is go too fast and end up with a twisted ankle.4. Make sure you have good footwear. You'll need to have good footing on this climb.The hike starts with a pretty steady climb on an easy dirt pathway. Then you hit the a set of railroad ties. The ascent can be steep, but the railroad ties make it easy to manage. After the ties, there is a steeper, rocky section. Make sure you've got good footing. There is a handrail both in the center and along the east fence - Use them! The next half mile or so is a mix of pathways and boulders. The final 4/10th of a mile or so is a pretty steady climb up large boulders. You'll be on all fours at various points - use your hands. Also, the path may not seem that well defined, but thousands of people have climbed up the mountain so if you take your time you'll be able to spot the road more traveled - typically the easiest route to the top. Either that or just follow the person in front of you and hope they know what they're doing!The views from the top are amazing. Depending on when you go, it can get pretty windy up there, but the wind is usually a welcome respite after the climb. Take pictures!On your way down there may be a tendency to move fast, now that gravity is working with you instead of against you. But the descent is often harder on your knees and joints and its easier to lose your balance/footing. Again, take your time and enjoy your hike!All in all, Camelback Mountain is the gem of Phoenix hiking for a reason. It is a solid workout, presents a good challenge, is a lot of fun and rewards you with amazing views!
5	My favorite hike in Phoenix! Also one of the most challenging. Come here with a backpack bc you'll want both your hands free when you're scaling the rocks or using the rails.It can get really crowded on the weekends, so come during the week or really early on the weekend to ensure you find a parking spot.They just renovated the trail so that there's new parking on the echo canyon side and fancy new bathrooms at the beginning of the trail!People with bad knees, watch out, this hike requires a lot of jumping from rock to rock as you descend!
5	Strenuous and great challenge. Fabulous sunset and night hike. Lots of rock scrambling and route choosing. Gave my legs a good workout,  especially coming down. Did both sides (up cholla and down echo) and so glad we did. Go check it out!
5	I've lived in the PHX area for 8 months now and finally got around to hiking Camelback.  I'm not a hiker, I've only hiked Pinnacle Peak 2x.  The Yelp reviews make this hike seem much more daunting and difficult than it actually is.  The Echo Canyon trail is mostly scrambling and navigating over rocks.  It's like a "pick your own adventure" type of thing.  I enjoyed this hike much more than Pinnacle.  It's a challenge, but doable.  The terrain is just tricky is all.  I went at the end of December.  The temp ranged from 43-65.  I wore yoga leggings, hiking shoes, t-shirt, sweatshirt and a hat.  I brought 4 bottles of water, but didn't even finish one.  I did bring an apple to snack on at the top.  I wish I had brought Kleenex--you tend to get to sniffling with the cooler weather and physical exertion.  BRING A BACKPACK -- you WILL need your hands for this climb.We arrived around 11, and waited about 20 minutes for parking.  I needed my sweatshirt until after the trail, railroad ties, and the rail sections, where I ended up scrambling like Gollum rather than using the rail.  But you do what works for you.  I felt safer that way.  After the rails, you navigate your way through rocks and boulders to the top.  It's not hard, but everyone is winded.  But you can stop and regain your breath and continue on.  The view at the top is great.  I think the most dangerous part is headed down.  I chose to use the sides of the trail rather than the main part because I wanted to avoid slick gravel.  I chose to go down the rail parts backwards--felt like I had more control.  Know your limits, take your time you'll have a great time.
2	I wanted to like this. The first slightly over a mile was great. Good climb, views and the drive was short if you are in the Phoenix area :) The end of the hike is pretty steep and I felt like I probably could have done without  going all the way to the top. We opted to go down the other side and I felt like that was not that much better. Its great just be prepared to go a little slower so that you can make the whole thing safely. LOTS of people were on the trail and we consistently got stuck behind people who were going at a slower place. Also, limited parking spots. This is not a loop and so you will have a three mile walk back to the car if you choose to now go back down the way you came up.Enjoy!
4	Monday morning 1/5/15, 50 yrs old, partner moderately good shape, temperature 68 degrees, two bottles of water, oatmeal breakfast and coffee, up to the top in about 40 minutes and back in 30 with 20 minutes at the top.  Cliff bars would have been nice as we started bonking at the end.   Parking not a problem on the weekday mornings, at least for us.  Surprised at the number of people and the diversity in physical ability.  Lots of teenagers and Don't take your dog.  Totally enjoyable and the views are worth the pain and yes, slightly anerobic exertion at the top where the rocks are daunting but doable. The trip down can rack the knees and while good boots are nice to have, tennis shoes are fine.  Well maintained and more enjoyable than anticipated given the location.
5	Awesome Hike, First time hiking camelback Mountain, and my experience was great.
