3	My manager hooked it up for me and my coworkers to go before their grand opening for a play date. (Basically for their servers and staff to train).Since it was training, it was a limited menu that was served. But it was free food.. ! The table got to share one appetizer and each one got an entree and then one dessert to share.First off, the restaurant looked great. The bar area was very big and seems to be stocked with everything! I didn't sit at the bar since I was with a party of 8. The staff was very friendly. They have good drink specials. We had beers. For the appetizer, we had loaded fries. Not so loaded... nothing special. Didn't care for it. For my entree, I had the seafood medley that was served with pasta. I loved it! The seafood was well cooked and flavorful and the pasta was al dente. It came with garlic bread which was also yummy. Decent portion (though I believe it is smaller than usual size). The seafood included lots of shrimps, some clams, crab, and scallops. Yummy.For dessert we had the brownie sundae. Brownie was too sweet. Ice cream with it was.. well.. just ice cream. Nothing special. Overall, an average place. But good to hang out since they have lots of seating, a nice bar, and pool tables too. And a separate smaller bar. And the staff was nice.
5	Great place!! Huuuuge portions of food. Cheap beer!! I'll be back!! Staff is friendly and quick. I hope it stays like that.
5	Anyone who rates this place less than 5 starts should not post!! This place is one of the best places you can go to here in Vegas. Located just off Las Vegas Blvd south of the Fry's Electronics. Food is awesome, same food that you get at Yard House or Chili's but I think more reasonable. The appetizers are enough to feed 2-4 people and nothing is over $16.95 (Steak and Lobster) not to mention the drink prices are some of the best in town.  They have a bar area and a dinning area and it's smoke free! They also have a bar attached of people who do want to smoke (Yes, two bar areas). It's also open till 2 or 3am depending on the day of the week.  Don't let the other 3 star review scare you off, they are not basing it off the quality of the food, drinks, service and prices but rather their experance. Just because there are some younger people who work here doesn't warrant 3 stars - The service is awsome and they are always checking on you and making sure you are getting drinks filled and making sure you good is food!I have found a new place to go in Vegas!
2	Just went there today for lunch before our movie.  I have to say, the service was nice.  We were seated right when we walked in.  The decor is like a "seafood house" in the Pacific Northwest.  Wood planks were used very liberally.  There are TONS of TVs in the joint.  From what I heard, they change the channel of the TV to any game that you want.  OK, now for the food review.  We ordered the shrimp dishes.  I ordered the 35 Shrimp Scampi Pasta, and my partner ordered their 35 Shrimp Plate.  For me, I can tell if their seafood is fresh.  The ones we got were not fresh.  The garlic bread that came with the pasta was cold also(seemed like it was the frozen kind and not cooked all the way through).  I also think the Chef lacks some taste buds because both our dishes were lacking in the seasoning department.  The server said their desserts are great.  Since we had time before the movie, we ordered the Captain Jack's Buried Treasure(ice cream cake doused in fudge).  It was good I have to admit, but with the lackluster lunch, it can't redeem itself from the rating I am giving it today.  I have to say that the prices there are the lowest in Town Square, but you do get what you pay for.  All in all, it was just a mediocre at best.  I would pay more for better food.  Hope this review helps someone.
3	I cannot bring myself to love this place and I really wanted to.  It's brand new and has a great menu, but it lacks in the awesome flavor category.  They try real hard, but I felt as if something was missing in all the dishes.We came in right when they opened, so it wasn't crowded, which was nice.  Our server was a nice guy, very quiet and not as enthusiastic as our host, but he checked up on us and made sure we had drinks.  We decided to try one appetizer we never heard of before, a cup of soup and 2 different entrees.  Here's the breakdown of our experience:-When intially ordering, we gave the server our 1 appetizer and 2 entrees, and he immediately left the table without us finishing our order.  We wanted 2 mushroom soups, too, but I assume he thought we ordered enough food for large people.  That's my opinion of the situation.  Usually when a server leaves without waiting for us to say "that's it", I assume they personally feel that was enough for us to order.  -Crab mozzarella: deep fried balls of mozzarella with crab and jalapeno in it.  Pretty good and serve with a sauce that was sweet and creamy.  It was a bit watery, but still tasted nice.-Mushroom morel soup: not too bad.  It tasted like the Cheesecake factory's soup, which makes me assume that they use the same company to order their food.-Miller's steak sandwich: big, chunky, and sloppy.  The flavors were there for a typical steak sandwich with mushrooms and onions.  I liked it.  The fries are typical restaurant fries.-Baked seafood combo: had stuffed shrimp, a piece of mahi, clams and scallops.  My husband ate it but I tried the mahi and the crab stuffed shrimp.  First, they use imitation crab in the stuffing for the shrimp, so it was so-so.  Secondly, their mahi lacked proper seasoning.  Salt and pepper go a long way, and despite using their paprika sprinkling, they need to use the basics, too.The Nutty Brother: Dessert.  This was an ice cream cake slice with two layers of vanilla, nutter butter cookie base, chocolate and peanut butter sauce.  It was quite yummy.Overall, the service was average, as was the food.  I would go back to eat the crab mozzarella appetizer, but I agree with others that it's not worth a long drive for.  I wouldn't crave this place over and over again. Still, it's okay and I hope it gets better.
1	Gave this place  two chances and both didn't turn out so well.  The jalapeno poppers are about all they have going for them.  Continuously they make mistakes on simple entrees such as a salad!  Fish on the fish tacos had freezer burn.   Maybe for appetizers and beer  but I wouldn't trust them to make me a meal.
3	Nice, casual place in Town Square with decent bar food for very reasonable prices. I would probably put it in more of a drinks and appetizer category personally because the food wasn't spectacular, but it was exactly what you would expect for a sports bar/restaurant type place. The ice cream cake desserts were pretty damn yummy though, plus it's not overpriced like a lot of the other Town Square options...and they have lots of great drink specials. Next time the bf wants to watch a fight or a game I will definitely suggest this place. Kinda reminds me a bit of Shucks...
4	Cutting them a lot of slack for being a new business and being new to Las Vegas.  They have a friendly and considerate staff that has gone out of it's way to be accommodating to my group of friends.Good food, reasonably priced beer, I will continue to come back and patronize them.
2	Stopped by here for lunch and started off with the crab mozzarella appetizer and the mushroom morel soup.  The crab mozzarella was pretty good and the mushroom morel soup was also very good.  The soup reminded me of the Cheesecake Factory mushroom soup but I still prefer the one from the Cheesecake Factory.  No reviews on the beer for now but if I ever go back and I'm off the meds I'll be sure to give it a go.The baked seafood combo consisted of a couple of clams, a mahimahi fillet, scallops and stuffed shrimp.  I was not excited about the gooey imitation crab stuffing on the shrimp and both the mahimahi fillet and the scallops lacked seasoning.  The clams were OK.For dessert we had the nutter butter ice-cream cake which was good.  Nothing too exiting about the food here.
2	We decided to try the Alehouse with some friends as it was new and it was time to give it a chance. After a somewhat brief wait since it was after 7 PM, so that is to be expected for anyplace at Town Square, we sat down and had our first drinks. My side of the group had beers, which were priced a little high in my opinion, but typical for any Vegas restaurant. The husband in the other couple had a double vodka tonic which I wished I had ordered since it was only $5, decent price. After this we started ordering our food, which we had all decided to split so we would all be able to try some different thing. We started off with the Calamari appetizer, which was fairly typical, but was splashed with a fairly lively sweet chili sauce and was actually pretty good. For our pass around main courses we ordered the Mini Burgers, Fish and Chips, and a full rack of the Baby Back Ribs. The burgers were cooked a little bit too long and really had nothing memorable about them at all. The Fish and Chips were not crisp at all and had way too much fishy taste to them, indicating that they had perhaps been sitting around too long. This was a little odd since the place hasn't been open long enough for anything to really be sitting around too long. They were pretty horrible in the end and I couldn't possible recommend them. The Ribs made as far as one rib per person before we all concurred that they were just horrible and we sent them back. Ribs them self are obviously all the same, and are completely dependent on their sauce and rub to bring them to life. These were on the stretcher and being covered with a sheet. The sauce had this odd taste to it that I couldn't even identify, and I would like to think that I have a sense of taste. Obviously the manager came over after we sent the ribs back, and fairly quickly, and offered us a free dessert after taking them off our bill. We decided on the Brownie Sundae, which was in my opinion not good, but my wife liked it and she is a far better judge of that as I am not a fan of brownie sundaes. I would have gone in another direction, but women usually get what they want. I realize that this place is not some standalone single-owned restaurant, but rather a location of a chain, so the thing you can't expect to change here is the menu. Knowing that it's a chain, the bugs should be worked out of the menu by now and things should be a little better than they were. I can't say all negative things about this place though. The manager was very quickly responsive to our dislike of the ribs, rather than making us sit there for a bit wondering what the status was. I cannot fault the staff at all since this restaurant is part of a larger machine and they are just going through the motions, doing their jobs. They have a lot of TVs, so you can distract yourself with some sport and hope you don't notice how the food tastes. The restaurant winds up being in the end like so many chain restaurants. No soul and no meaning. I couldn't even figure out what the theme was supposed to be. I saw someone on here say this place was better than The Yardhouse, but that must have been written by someone who doesn't like beer. Alehouse has about 15 beers on tap, which is slightly different than the Yardhouse. Plus the food at the Yardhouse seems to be much better from what I've eaten there. My final recommendation, if you're going to go eat at Miller's Alehouse, go somewhere else. It will probably work out more in your favor. Let this place be patronized by the people just going out to drink who don't care what they're eating.
5	This is the 3rd Ale House I've reviewed. I love this place everywhere I go. I grew up hanging out with friends at Ale House restaurants in Orlando, again in Miami and now visiting some cop buddies out in Vegas I got to check out this brand new one. Chicken Nachos and Captain Jack's Buried Treasure...yes please! I did make a slight fool of myself by ordering Yuengling. I quickly remembered I was out west where, sadly, you guys do not yet have the great Yuengling Lager. Hopefully you can experience it soon.
4	Have been here once with a large group of friends. I love the atmospehere. The music is not obscenely loud like at Yard House so you can actually have a conversation with your friends, and the service is awsome. We had a really great waiter who was very accomodating. The beers were cheap which is always a huge plus. I didnt eat but a friend got some french fry chicken finger mountain thing and it looked amazing. I will certainly be back going back to this place.
1	Let me start off by saying this is a beautiful restaurant/pub and had a great ambiance. I really wanted to like it. As for the food, well, in one word bleck!! I don't care if that's a word or not but that's how all of us felt after we attempted to eat there. We started off with the chips and salsa which came with bean dip and cheese (tasted like it came straight out of a can and into the micro.) and guac( must have come in a squeeze tube.  Not Fresh. Oh yeah, we waited 20 minutes for this app. After we were half way thru it, another duplicated order of chips and salsa came out. Uh, no thanks, one crappy one is enough.  Our entrees included fish and chips, 1/2 rack of ribs and a bacon cheese burger. The fries on all three plates tasted old, flavorless and we all agreed, the worst any of us have had ever. The burger was so overcooked it literally tasted like licking the bottom of the grill. All of us tried it and I had to gargle my weak, watered down iced tea to try to get the nastiness out of my mouth. As for the ribs, flavorless and salty and very uninspiring. The fish and chips, er, I mean tasteless, and nasty fries, well the fish wasn't too bad but did have a bit of freezer burn taste to it.  Maybe this Is a good place to have drinks and some selectful apps, but do not waste your time with dinner or lunch for that matter. This place will not survive. It's just plain fact that if you serve overprocessed crap, your customers will eventually stop coming. We will never go back and I highly recommend you not to. If you have too see for yourself, go for drinks and share a couple food items, you'll see. Don't say I didn't tell you, especially the fries, ugh, how can you screw up something so simple.
4	I love this place. They have good food and a friendly staff.  It has that back home feel to it.  Good place to watch football too.  I just with they had more beers to choose form. Other then that, its amazing.
4	Okay, the only reason I didn't give this place 5stars is I needed to give Mama's Fish House in Maui a higher rating than here.  But that place cost about $300 for two people.Okay, so this isn't your $50 or $150 a dinner place, but for under $20 a plate the food is great.  I had the New York Strip steak that was cooked just right and my wife had the Clam Bake that was enough food that we could have shared it alone.  And we had Calamari Rings for an appetizer that was some of the best we have ever had.  But beware; the sauce they come with is a bit spicy, very good, but a bit spicy, so just plan for it.The service is great.  The Calamari came in about 5-10 minutes and dinner wasn't much longer and there was always someone asking if we needed anything.This is your typical Sports bar eatery.  There are 72...YES!!  72 TV's throughout the place so no matter where you sit, you can catch "the game".  AND! if this isn't a good enough review for you, then get this..There are 23 beers on tap.  So even if the food and service were only a 1-star the choice of beers makes it worth it a visit.But the food is good, the service is great and the price is great too.  So here's the deal.  Just freakin' go and check the place out.  I mean c'mon, the worst case scenario is you spend $25 for food and a beer.
4	I think I found a new favorite hang out.  not huge on sports bars.. but this place is different.  it's a pretty big place with 2 outdoor areas: one area you can eat in [non smoking] .. one area where you can not eat in [smoking area]  the outdoor section, where you can smoke, hosts a couple of tables and two couch+chair areas..  you have an excellent view of the cars driving.  it's a large area, but it's not very private.  if your sitting in a couch area, then the tables beside it might as well join your party.  yet, it's not so bad.. sports fan?  great.. anywhere you are in this joint:  in the restaurant, at the bar, playing pool on one of their two pool tables. outside, inside.. you can visibly see a game.  no problem.our waitress:  gorgeous, on top of our drink orders,  and  super perky.  so the perk of this place.. are the beer prices.  and the drink menu is extensive and seems to be cheaper then most other joints in the townsquare hood.  i had about 4 or 5 linen kuegals and was great for the night.. friends of our took advantage of the 7.00 mgd and mgd 64 pitchers..i never made it out to the other outdoor area... but when i drive by i often see it.. and it seems cool.  but we did make our way inside for some loaded fries and chicken nachos... the transition from outside to inside was easy.  after we had decided that we needed carbs to soak up all the beer we drank., i went to the bathroom to unload the beer for the 30th time and as soon as i came out we were seated at a table... [most everyone was pretty gone so our entire party was all over the place] yet, our waitress was ready to take our order.. no matter if anyone was at the table or not!  i got back to the table and just belligerently yelled out .. "oooh, fries.. and nachos.."   she was happy to oblige.   i have no idea what kind of food they have other than beer, food, and nachos.  but... the food, beer, and nachos was great!  good times.  BETTER BEER PRICES.  awesome.hay, what can i say.. we're a fun group of ppl.
3	They have a good selection of beer and fried seafood. The fried grouper sandwich was good (as all fried foods are). The server failed to tell me my sandwich would come with a WHLOE deep fried filet. I could have easily have made 3 sandwiches with all that meat. But I can't complain. I ended up having to share my portion with my husband.My husband ordered the steak sandwich, it was over marinated and falling apart....not in a good way. It was pretty darn disappointing. The only good thing on his plate were the fries. This place has different sitting options with LOTS of TVs. You can sit outdoors with flat screens, indoors with surround flat screens, or in the sun room with again surround flat screens. On Sunday, they had 3 different football games going on all at once with sound. They even have a blue print of the restaurant to let you know which game/sport is being played on the TV in that particular section. However be aware of obnoxious tourist. One guy couldn't keep his drink in his hand. I'm surprised he didn't get kicked out. We didn't try their dessert because of our lack of tolerance to a certain rowdy group of tourist folks. Definitely, thinking about coming here for super bowl sunday.
3	ok.. lets go over this again... [yet pls. keep in mind that it doesn't change the fact that i like to come and hang out here]music........  it's pretty one tracked. O_0  country-ish, rock.. pop?!change the stations sometimes...
4	Probably more 3.5 stars.  I went here with a friend on a Thursday night to grab a drink and catch up.  We split the combo appetizer, which was fried crab mozzarella, fried mozzarella, fried conch fritters (noticing a theme?) and spinach artichoke dip.  Everything was pretty standard, nothing very exciting with the exception of the crab mozzarella.  I thought these were really good.  We had some really strong Vodka sodas, which our server kindly persuaded us to make doubles as it is a better deal.  the service was really good and the whole place just had a nice vibe.  It was a nice change from Blue Martini, which is where we normally end up.  Blue Martini was having some sort of private party and whomever was hosting the party (not anyone who worked at BM I don't think) was incredibly rude!  So we gave our business to this spot.  If you're looking for a good, chill sports bar, I would recommend this place.
3	3.0 stars for food. I've been here twice for lunch. Their lunch prices seem fairly resonable. Their service is standard...nothing special. The first time I came here I ordered the Chicken Philly Sandwich. I definitely was not impressed, lacking in flavoring and it was just a-ok. The second time I ordered the Chicken Fajitas. Chicken was tasty and tender. The tortillas tasted like it was microwaved...which was expected. However, I liked this better than the Philly Chicken Sandwich.  I have yet to try an alchoholic beverage from here, but that's what happy hour is for. This place is huge so I think its good for large groups of people.  Will I return? Yes, probably for happy hour or lunch.
3	This is a great place to come have a few beers and watch some games.  There's tons of TV's, tons of seating, and ton's of beers on tap.We ordered the stuffed jalapeno's for an appetizer. When I bit into one, hot cream cheese spewed out and burned my lip. Those things are dangerous! Tasty though ...The entree food fell flat. My summer salad was drenched in dressing. My friends shrimp scampi was super bland, and my BF's salad looked wilted and just not good.Come for beer or sports, not food.Props for having Oregon's "dead guy ale" on tap.
4	im a little sad that our server's name escapes me, but he made the whole experience worth reviewing! (gonna have to find the receipt and update it).anyway, first time in, we got sat near the pool tables. no one greeted us for awhile, but someone finally came by and asked if we had been greeted (he ended up keeping us as a table). he explained all the specials they have, and started drinks for us. after we ordered food, everything came out in a fairly timely manner. although we did wait for our pitcher, it was ok because we were eating and didnt want to fill up on beer anyway. overall, a great experience. if you dont mind domestic beer (i personally only drink domestic beer if im playing a drinking game, but hey! $7 for a pitcher isnt bad at all!), its definitely a deal. $7 pitchers every night, as well as other drink specials.to top it off, my boyfriend left his sunglasses at the table. they were a pair or oakey's that he's had for years! we end up going back to look for them, and sure enough, our server gave them to the manager to hold until we come back. normally people dont do that! ive worked in the restaurant industry for 7 years, and people arent always 100% honest about lost items. but thankfully, they were there. i think that overall made it an even better experience.that, and the ossobuco dish was definitely meant for two. i had leftovers for work the next day :]the weird thing - they served crackers with the oysters. ive never seen anyone serve crackers with them. O_odefinitely will be back!
4	Oh my Oh my...the prices are really not bad at all. I would say it's a great place to hang out with friends to grab a few drinks and watch the football games considering the fact that there's lots of TVs. Food was great and the service was excellent! I ordered the seafood medley $13.99, one word can describe this pasta DELICIOUS. My bf ordered the seafood platter (sorry I don't know the actual name) but it came with crab, 2 corns, potatoes, shrimp, clams, mussels, lobster, and clam chowder soup for $16.99. Doesn't it just make your mouth water just thinking about it? As for the starters we ordered the crab mozzarella, it was yummy. The best for last dessert....Captain Jack's is a total must try!
4	So coming from Florida where Miller's Ale House is just about everywhere; I was super excited when I heard the news that they were coming to Las Vegas!!! With all the time I spent at the ones in Florida I know how the experience should be.  So far Vegas isn't doing too bad, the staff is friendly and gives you that "glad to see you again" attitude that they are famous for, and it gives you that "home" feeling when you walk through those doors, at least for me :)The kitchen is not as great as I remember, not to say the food is not good it's just that I have had a couple of hiccups that used to not happen at the others I used to frequent.  I will definitely not five up on this place and as of late it has got better!  So as of right now I give it 4 out of 5 stars and I will be there often hoping that they get their fifth!
2	Avoid this tourist trap. The only reason I gave it a second star was that the staff was good and they were always on time when refilling drinks.The portions are large, and the prices are relatively reasonable, however, the food was just flat out crap. The first time I went there, I ordered Fish & Chips. It was completely bland, as if the cook completely forgot to salt it. The breading was also extremely heavy and completely soaked in grease. It was so thick that you couldn't even tell if there was fish inside.I went a second time and got the jambalaya which was served in a large bowl. This time it was just salty and greasy, and the bottom of the bowl just had a large pool of grease. You could probably mop the floor of the entire restaurant and half the parking lot with all the grease and still have enough left over to coat a large mammal.
4	Are you a person who loves things? Well get ready to add this place to your long list of things you love. Miller's Ale House strives to be your first, your last, your everything at Town Square. Whether you're watching a game, meeting up with visitors to Vegas or just want a great meal at a great price this place is the total package. My friends and I have visited Miller's Ale House for a number of reasons since it has opened. Our first venture we heard there was outdoor seating and were tired of being cooped up in a windowless bar. We enjoyed sitting by the fire on the patio and since seasons haven't been TOTALLY eliminated in Vegas there are misters for when it's hot and heaters for when it's cold. We've also visited to watch all-important NFL games on Sunday. Not only are there great drink specials like $7 pitchers and bargain cocktails, but they also post a map of where your game will be shown! No more moving all of your friends when the TV above you is showing professional bowling. Miller's Ale House also works for a bite to eat after a shopping marathon or en route to the strip. Only one word is required when speaking of the food there: Zingers. Dare I say if you don't try them you will live a life of regret. Overall, great place for lots of occasions. The staff is friendly, there are tons of seats and more TV's than your eyeballs can handle. Try it out!
3	I've been here for drinks and lunch (that's two seperate occassions)...  the boss took us out and ordered us a bunch of apps along with our entree.  It was a long table, so I only got to try the calamari and stuffed jalapenos.  They were only okay (but more good than bad), but little did I know that'd be the best thing I ate.  The jambalaya (not sure what I was thinking ordering jambalaya here) was way too salty, and I could barely stand eating it. Service was okay (more good than bad again).So they get three stars because...  it was more good than bad, but not by much.
4	My buddy Chris introduced me to this place. Great Place to watch sports, drink and hang out to have a good time.  TV's everywhere, so Lets go LAKERS! Wish I can say the same for my poor Niners. The pool tables are almost impossible to reserve, but just wanted to add that they do have them.Now to the good stuff, the food! They occasionally have specials on the lobsters and I'm a regular at ordering their fish n chips. Man they are not selfish with the servings. It's by far my fav on the menu because I haven't tried anything else the 3 times I've been here, haha.
4	I decided to be nice and round it up to 4 stars.  If you check out the bars in Town Square showing Monday Night Football, you'll find Cadillac Ranch is totally dead, Yard House is pretty full and Miller's Alehouse is totally packed!!  I was pretty surprised since its a stand alone restaurant in TSq right next to Fry's.  But $8.95 for a bucket of 5 Miller Lites is pretty good.  We split the mahi mahi fish tacos...I love fish tacos.  Decided we were still hungry so we got the fish and chips. The portion was HUGE.  How does a single person ever finish this?  The waitress said it never happens.  Nice, crispy, fried goodness.  The night was extra sweet watching Vick destroy the Skins in one of the greatest NFL performances ever.  That also gave me a "W" for fantasy football along with winning my pickem pool for the week!!$46 including tip for everything.  I'll try to get here earlier if I come back for MNF.
3	I've never experienced how a pub-like bar should be like, so I wouldn't know what is good pub food.  The service was great, the people were friendly, and atmosphere was sports center like.  If you're looking to just chill and eat finger food with large portions, well then here's your place. The food is ok, it isn't horrible....but let's just say, I had better.  A group of our friends came in and ordered a bunch of stuff, mostly finger food.20 Wings (Spicy) - Someone told me it tasted like Hooters, so I dove in. Nope, it was nowhere near Hooters.  A little too spicy for my taste.  Fried Calamari - Delicious, it had the sweet and spicy asian sauce on it which made it taste better.  Other than that it would be bland.  Sweet potato fries - nothing special, but the dipping sauce was interesting. It was like cinnamon foam, it complimented the fries.  Without it, it wouldn't had much flavor.Chicken Nachos - OMG! this was the dish of the night, no matter how much I ate it was still there.  The chips are so addicting, and the cheese is warm and soft.  I wouldn't mind returning here if I was to eat this, but hey there's still some other things on the menu I haven't tried yet.
2	It is a great place to watch a game if you dont want to have a conversation with your group! I dined at the ALEHOUSE for monday night football, i think they actually turn the volume UP when the commercials come on, i had to yell my conversation all night! we ordered a ton of apps and drinks! the food is decent the drinks are hefty and the atmosphere is super LOUD! order the zingers MEDIUM GARLIC...awesome!
2	One word: Mediocre. And that might be giving them more credit than they deserveThe one time I went here the service was off and the food was just alright.  I got the fish and chips which were decent.  Our server wasn't rude, but just seemed to be out of it.  The booth behind us seemed to be having a horrible time as well and they had a different server.  The manager even came over to them and apologized for something.  I've never been to the bar, but I have to give them credit for correctly making a snake bite.  That was probably the only thing I enjoyed that night.  There are most definitely better places to eat at Town Square.
4	Ok first off, I know I am at least 8 years older than the average patron here but whatever dude. I like the cheap beer and the food isn't bad for a college style bar. The outdoor area and patio are my favorite spot, just in case you wanna find me ;)
4	This place is awesome!  The prices are good considering they serve seafood.  Food is delicious and let me say they are big servings, too.  They have a total occupancy of 517 so its a really big place.  Service isn't bad at all either.  Overall its a good seafood sports bar.
2	I came here based on the hype of the wings and environment, but I guess it was too hyped up or maybe I imagined it would've been like a Disneyland up in there and my experience was blown!  I came here with a small group of friends on a late Friday night before we went to watch a movie at Rave Motion Pictures.  I wasn't in the mood for eating, but since I remembered the hype of how great the wings were, I ordered a small order anyway.  I wanted to try the different flavors they offered, but sadly, they don't split the sauces for your order.  Maybe it was too small an order? Maybe they just flat out didn't do it? Who knows.  I might give it another shot one of these days.Maybe it was me, but the service we received from our server seemed like someone who didn't enjoy his job very well. That sent my experience out the front door and didn't even have an appetite at all.  I noticed the TVs, though.  I like how Alehouse shows different sports channels and games at one time. I didn't get a chance to take part in all the fun games, but that's on the to-do list of my "Resurrect the Alehouse" project.I definitely didn't experience what everyone else experienced here with their 4 star rating, but I'm willing to give this place a chance. I heard the fish & chips were a smash so I'll take a venture on down that way the next time I head down for to Barstow.... I mean, Town Square (sheesh, it's far!)
4	I'm addicted to their Seafood, Lobster and Clam bake!Their drink prices are great. Service is good, with a fun atmosphere.My husband got the prime rib special, and a cheeseburger another time both were "meh"...he did get the Steak sandwich on our first visit and he loved it.We also split the nachos, the app was HUGE but we've had better nachos.And we split a Cap't Jacks Buried Treasure desert, another huge portion...very sweet but delicious.
1	The first time we came here we had sandwiches and Zinger appetizers which was good, but came again for dinner and this time it was not.  The food was not that great and the service was even worse.  I don't ask for a lot of things when it comes to restaurants being a server myself in the past, but we had to wait 20 mins before eating our food because our entrees didn't come with the obvious things it was supposed to (lime for the fish tacos and sauce for the burger)  we also had to rip our napkin in half since the server took our napkin away and we never saw her again until the check came.  I don't plan to return anytime soon unless im ordering zingers or chicken wings as take out but as far as service?  The worse I've had in a loooong time.  **there was only one other table in our section being it so late in the night everyone was at the bar and not the dining room, there was no excuse for the service be that bad.  What a shame!
4	Good drink specials and cheap food. It doesn't get much better than that. They have tall Miller Lite drafts for $2.75. We  ordered a huge plate of nachos. It was $10 and the five of us still couldn't finish it. We also ordered several shots of patron which were $6 a piece. They have tons of televisions playing sports and pool tables as well. Its a great place to drink and eat bar food and watch the game.
4	Visited this place for a second time last night and this time I ordered some food! The first time I stopped in we were looking to play pool and enjoyed the atmosphere of the bar. It felt like I was back in college or in a local bar not one in Town Square where everyone is dressed to the nine! We ordered chips & salsa for the start and wow, for two girls, that is a lot of chips! They cheese/bean dip was really good and we devoured it! For my main meal I ordered the Southwest Bistro Steak Salad and it tasted very good. The lettuce was crisp and the dressing and bistro sauce just made the salad. It is a vinaigrette dressing but was not overpowering, especially when I am a big ranch dressing only person! My friend ordered the 35 shrimp, yes 35! We didn't think really you get that many shrimp...but the waiter said yep! Once it came to the table she was just in awe, 35 shrimp are a lot, haha. You even get two sides with it! She did not eat it all but she did enjoy it. The service was awesome and our waiter was very attentive. We even got 3 glasses of wine for 2 because they didn't notice we had already been served our second glass. Yes I know its a place for beer but I just wasn't in the mood for it. Overall our experience was a great one and each of our bills came to about $20-25 dollars. I say skip Blue Martini and their fancy cheese plate and come here!
3	Dined late on a Saturday night. Bar areas were very crowded but the restaurant itself was tame. We started with mt st helens boneless wings, they call 'em zingers. The sauce was mildly spicy, then again, we like 'em HOT! The husband had the Red Hot chicken sandwich and I had the blackend prime rib with sweet potatoe fries. The fries were the highlight not saying the rest was bad it's just  that it's your average pub grub. Service was friendly, draft beer selection isn't as extensive as you might think. However, we were able to try a couple that tend to be rare finds elsewhere.
3	This place is ok. I came here with friends on a Friday night, and it was packed. But the good thing was we only had to wait 15 minutes to be seated. After looking over the menu, two of my friends and I decided to share the Chicken Nachos from the Appetizers. The Chicken Nachos are described in the menu as "One Word...ENORMOUS! With Shredded Lettuce, Sour Cream, Salsa & Jalapeno on the Side." Miller's Alehouse isn't kidding about the size of their nachos. The portion size is definitely large- plenty for three people to share. However, the size of the side of shredded lettuce, sour cream, salsa & jalapeno did not match the size of the nachos, leaving me to want more side and less nacho. The nachos weren't anything special- just corn tortilla chips smothered in large chunks of salsa-covered shredded chicken and lots of cheese. My friend thought that the nachos would have been better with guacamole (add $0.99) or chili. If I just had the nachos, I probably would have given Miller's Alehouse 2 out of 5 stars; however, the extra star comes from the decadent desserts. I tried Capt'n Jacks Buried Treasure- Delicious Homemade Ice Cream Cake with Oreo Cookie Crust, Caramel, Chocolate Fudge & Heath Bar Crunch. At first it was delicious, but then became a sugar overload that I could no longer handle. Thankfully, I had the Brownie Hot Fudge Sundae- a huge chewy walnut brownie swimming in a sea of hot fudge and topped with two huge scoops of vanilla ice cream and a swirl of whipped cream- to switch it up. The brownie was the perfect combination of chewy and soft, and mixed with the hot fudge and the cold ice cream, each bite was like heaven in my mouth. The desserts plus the good service brought this place from a 2 star to 3 star rating.
3	Relaxed bar atmosphere, and good food for a bar. Plenty of tv screens for sports.
2	The 2 stars is for the cheap-shitty food. Its just another chain place with zero quality food. However, the service is good and friendly. The hostess, waitress and bartender were all really nice and the beer is good.  I would say a fun place for drinks only unless you just don't mind eating crap every once in a while.
4	It's a sports bar. Haven't come across any food that I didn't like but I can't for the life of me remember what I had. Service was great.The interesting thing about this place is that they tell you "We don't have Happy Hour specials, we just have specials all day", Ok... I get it, but isn't easier to say that they don't have a HH because if the prices are the same 24/7, then does that really qualify it as a "special"? Just saying.Regardless of their "No HH", the prices on alcohol are ok. Nothing really to get me to drive all the way there for a few drinks that I can't get in my area. The place is a nice hangout spot, most especially if you're into sports. From the decor to the tv content, you'll love it if you love sports.I'd like to check this place out during a game, from the other reviews, it sounds as though die hard fans come out to watch games here.
4	Cheap prices, speedy and friendly service and fun atmosphere. Great for big groups and lots of private areas to sit and chat. The outside area near the firepits is my favorite, minus the gross smokers. Blah I'm a huge fan of a drink menu where the prices are well under $10. Kind of hard to find in a town like this.The food portions are enormous and also well-priced. Fantastic. I'll be back.
3	This place is hands down the best! Here for the fight and loving every minute!
2	Place looks great but is just more of the same in Town Square. Food and service wasn't better than just ok. I thought prices were high for lunch
5	One of my favorite places to go in town. But its been awhile since I've been in. After reading some of these reviews, I'm still not sure why it doesn't have a better rating. The prices are some of the best in town!!! The games are always on, no matter what you want they will put it up. In the outside bar area there might be 30+ tvs and inside probably more. And there's always some eye candy. The place is huge, the staff is friendly, the food is great for the price, and the drinks are more than great. They never have a HH, but for 24/7 $7 pitchers of miller products, you can't drink cheaper anywhere else if you like light beer. I had the blackened prime rib sandwich with fries and for 9.95 it was an enormous amount of food. I've had it before and always forget how big this sandwich is when they sit it down. Two pitchers of mgd 64 between me and a buddy and my bill was $21 including tip for a huge sandwich and fries and a pitcher to myself. HA! Good luck getting that price anywhere else in town, while still having this much fun and watching sports.Most pitchers for domestic beer on the strip is anywhere between $15-40 if you're lucky.For the $$$, this is one of the best in town
4	I was introduced to the Alehouse during a stint of work in southwest Florida.  Happened to have an Alehouse within easy walking distance of my hotel (moderate stumbling distance on the way back!).  The food is definitely passable here, but I wish that they would put their Conch Chowder on the Vegas menu...that soup was amazing!  The bar has constant specials and this may be one of the most thrifty "popular" places in town to get your beverage on.  The bar also gets big props for carrying Licor 43...MINI BEERS!
3	I was excited to see that Ale house was going to open up here in Vegas, since I was able to go to one on my vacation in Florida (it seems as they have one in just about every corner in Florida!) The menu is very extensive with an option for everyone. This restaurant has several TV's which makes it great for any sports fanatic to get their fix.(AKA my boyfriend!) This place is famous for it's Zinger, which are chicken tenders with your choice of sauce and flavor from mild to Mt. St. Helen, and also from  plain to loaded with fries, bacon and cheese! The wings are OK... A bit on the greasy side since I like mine with a crunch and not on the slimy soggy side!  Our server was Richard. Nicely groomed and very polite. Quick to answer and very helpful with the menu. I was craving corn on the Cobb, apparently it's not always on the menu... Richard ran back to the kitchen and within minutes, delivered news that corn on the Cobb was indeed on the menu this night. The corn on the cobb was horrible BTW. The daily specials are a great bargain for the amount of food, my bf always gets the clam chowder which he loves with the oyster crackers. We also ordered the ribs which are always juicy, tender and the meat falls right off the bone.The best part of the meal is the dessert.... Captain Jack's buried treasure! This thing is phenomenal! It's has a little bit of everything I like in a dessert. It's a huge slice of ice cream cake with a crunchy Oreo cookie crust, drizzled with caramel and it comes on a plate coated with hot fudge. We were greeted with a smile by the hostess and seated in a very timely manner. Although it was by the door, I was happy.All in all, this place is great for large parties, family, girlfriends who can have a cocktail with other girlfriends of boyfriends who are sports fans and I loved that it had crayons and booklets with puzzles for the kids! (let's face it, kids won't sit thru sports!)
2	Hands down the worst food I have ever had at a restaurant.  Don't ask me why I have eaten here three times.  Now when friends want to come here, I make sure to eat beforehand.  Come here for the bar and cheap drinks, not the food.
2	Miller's Alehouse is known for not having a happy hour because they have low prices throughout the day. This fact is true, but sometimes cheap does not mean good. I probably frequent happy hour more for the food specials than the alcohol and the food here does not make for an exciting experience. Each day they have a special, today's (Thursday) was 12oz. prime rib dinner for $12.95. I gave ordering privilege to my dining partner and excused myself. When I came back, she had got the steak salad and a Zinger Mountain Melt. The name already frightened me. When she told me it was a mound of fries, a layer of chicken strips, covered in melted cheese, scallions, and bacon, I almost keeled over. True to the description, it was a mammoth of a dish, served on a huge hot plate. Miller Alehouse is a nice place to come watch sports, but that's about it. If you are looking for a spot that serves large amounts of food to snack on while the game is on, this place is just that. The fries and chicken strips were not crispy and more on the oily side. The salad was wilted down by the generous amount of dressing on it. Nothing stood out as impressive or tasty. The atmosphere is easy going and unpretentious. Our server was attentive and friendly. The food was lackluster and that kills the place.
3	I had to try this place , just curious to see what it was about. Mixed reviews on yelp , so just decided to give it a shot. We started of with the sampler app. it had mozzarella sticks more like planks. Conch fritters and crab balls with cheese ,everything was OK nothing stood out. First time for conch fritters , tasted fishy could it be old? I never had it before. , If was old then take another star away please. I had to osso buco (pork shank) it was huge and fall off the bone tender. I was covered in a dry rub, with some brown gravy . It came with mash potato and steamed broccoli, nothing special. I really enjoyed the osso buco . For dessert we had the capt buried treasure ice cream cake, it had heath bar crumbles, oreo cookie , carmel fudge and chocolate sauce. It was pretty good, as we were eating it wife was already planning next visit for dessert ! lol Pretty big and int resting menu , we will be back.
3	We came here for the Pacquiao/ Mosley fight and one thing that sucked is that they charged cover ($10). We got a table where we ordered food and drinks, so I mean they otherwise were going to make money off of us. Anyways, I was pretty surprised to see they had Stone IPA on tap- but then everyone at my table was calling me a beer snob (and I proudly am one!) so I low-browed it with them and switched over to the 23oz Millers. I ate the Steak Strips- it was pretty generic over rice. The portions here are HUGE, so even though the steak strips were an appetizer, it filled me up. The fight was epic. Our server was pretty chill, and he knew not to come around too much during the fight. The vibe of this place was awesome- lots of people really into the fight. They have pool tables too. Overall, a pretty chill sports bar experience.
4	When you go to Vegas, what are the few things you think of when coming here?  If you're like most people, you come here for the following(in no particular order): food/find dining, gambling, shows, party, shopping, getaway.  Miller's Alehouse fulfills at least 3 of those things for me!A friend of mine who works at the Town Square mall where this is located turned me and a few friends on to this place which turned out to be an awesome way to spend our first night in Vegas.  We had only gotten in earlier that day and were having a chill day shopping & just recovering from our red-eye flight when we came here for some good food.Miller's is located at somewhat central-ish but tucked away corner of the mall which is a benefit.  It doesn't feel like it gets overcrowded or crazy packed which is a good thing since we were fairly hungry.  The decor of the place is your typical western-style bar/steak place at the lower to mid price range, the food however is good considering all of that.  When we went, the place wasn't super packed but had a moderate sized crowd which meant that we weren't gonna wait around long to be seated or to be served.  With a party of 9 people deep, this was a good thing since nobody likes to sit around wait for long for food & beverage to come even if they're in the company of good friends.I had my standard fare steak with vegetables and mashed potatoes which was good.  I sure do wish there were places like this in Hawaii that served up a well prepared steak with all the fixin's for this same price, but alas that will never happen for reasons we all know.  The drinks also were decent, but then again it's kinda hard to screw up a New Castle coming straight off the tap.  It was also decently priced too, like everything else here.  We also got a dessert which was a fairly good balance of sweetness but without being heavy or overly rich too.Finally, I'd like to thank our hostess who served us with aplomb!  She was nice & sweet and very easy to talk to and answered our myriad of questions and requests for various things such as the beverages and tabasco sauce, etc.  It probably helped that we were a fairly talkative bunch too, which helped her feel at ease a lot and made it easy to come around and serve us.  If only more places had a great wait staff that made dining such a pleasure beyond just bringing the food on time and right.  I'd definitely come back here again when I'm in Vegas and want a nice, relatively cheap meal with a beer!
4	This place is good to go to if you want to drink and catch up with friends or watch a game. If you're hungry, eat at Yardhouse or anywhere else, the food is in no way impressive.
2	Not very impressed with my visit here. After searching the menu for something vegetarian with no luck, I asked the server if they had anything. She was very nice and went to get me a special menu that had vegetarian on one side, gluten free on the other. I was grateful, but didn't understand why they don't automatically hand that out or include it on the regular menu.  We ordered chips, cheese dip, bean dip and salsa for an appetizer.  Do not order this unless you LOVE cheez wiz! It was basically a bowl of canned refried beans topped with a huge gross tasting blob of cheez wiz.  We ended up scraping off the cheese and picking at the bean dip instead.  For my entree, I ordered a veggie warp. It stated it came with a side. I couldn't find a list of side choices, so I asked the waitress what I could have. She answered "french fries, sweet potato fries, or salad" I told her I would like sweet potato fries.  The wrap was decent, so were the fries. The problem came when she brought us the check and charged me an extra 95 cents for the fries. I told the waitress I thought that was included as a side, she responded "yes, but there's an extra charge for it and it's written somewhere small on the menu"!! What? Apparantly, she forgot she gave me the vegetarian menu which didn't even list the choices let alone inform you of an extra charge. Also, even if it is listed, as a server, you should tell someone "that's an extra 95 cents, is that ok?" I realize 95 cents is not a big deal, what I was mad about was how she handled the situation.  With all of the restaurant choices available in Town Square, I would advise choosing any of them over Miller's.
3	Mixed feelings on this place. The lobster bisque (Friday's only) is very tasty, but sometimes is extra thick and gravy like. Their grilled fish is usually always good. Thier zingers are superb. Better than the average chicken finger. Drinks are cheap. Their chicken nachos are the most bland nachos I have ever eaten. Salads are usually fresh and crisp. Sometimes the patrons can be loud/obnoxious since you are close to touristy areas and they can be rather drunk and it is a sports bar. Unless you order seafood or zingers, the food can be hit or miss. Good, but not excellent by any means.
4	I drive by their billboard everyday on the way to work and never really payed attention.  I was stuck at the light so I finally checked it out and it said something like "It's always Happy Hour." I checked out the menu and specials online and it looked good.  There was a hockey game on and they have a boat-load of TVs so a couple of friends and I gave it a try... twice!!the place is huge and they have HD TVs allllllllllll over the place!!  There is a cozy outside lounge-type area, a large main area with lotsa booths and table, big bar, and even a pool table, and a decent sized lanai-type area with it's own bar.  we sat in the latter both times.  service was pretty decent and food came out fairly fast.Both trips were on Mondays. they have a special on Mondays of a full rack of ribs with fries (or baked or mashed potatoes) and a lil cup of cole slaw for $10.95.  decent ribs made better by the price! the Zinger Mountain Melt was very good. ample serving of Zingers, fries, cheese, bacon bits and scallions. Yummy!  on the second trip we tried the chicken nachos.  portion was huge, chicken was dry and the rest of the toppings were kinda underwhelming.  the chips were really good though!Mondays you can also get 5 Miller bottles for $7.95! pitchers of Miller products are only $7 all the time.Overall great food and drink prices, food is decent, and service is good.  a great option other than Buffalo Wild Wings or Steiner's to watch a game.
2	I have visited this establishment several times in the past, usually fairly busy at lunch time so I can understand it taking a few extra minutes to get your food. However, the last 3 times times not only has the food been slow but service even slower. The food is at best OK, when they first opened it seemed really good with over sized portions at great prices. Now it just seems that all you are getting is mediocre food and lot's of it and very quickly. I ordered a cup of soup and their specialty Zinger Salad after waiting 20 plus minutes I overheard the table next to me ask the server " our they killing the lettuce back there?" She no it just that the fryers are backed up making Zingers. 5 minutes later I stopped the server an inquired about my food, she gave me the same answer but as she was talking to me another server brought the food. I did inquire about my soup and she told no worries she'll take off the bill, I thought that was very generous of her not charge me for food I never received. The manager was supposed to come over to the table but that never happened. I never say never about going back to a restaurant, but considering the dining options in the Vegas area, I won't be rushing back anytime soon either.
3	Finally tried the food and it's just ok. The service was ok too. Food is cheap, which is a plus, not the best bar food in town, but the quantities are plentiful. I highly recommend you share a meal with a friend. They're that enormous. I ordered 35 shrimp, with potato of your choice, cole slaw and hush puppies and it was only $10.95. That was more than enough to feed two hungry people.The drinks are pretty reasonably priced as well, just not a big fan of their mixed drinks. I'd stick to their beers. Overall, an ok experience.
3	For calling themselves an Alehouse this place really doesn't have that great of a selection of beer.  Just what you would find at any Applebees or TGI Fridays.  Maybe it's just me but when I heard the name I thought they were going to have all kinds of great beers to try.  I should get three stars for not remembering that we are talking about Town Square.  Why would there be anything in that place that I would want to go to?  The good thing about this place was that they have good specials running all the time, even if it's only on Miller (which is disgusting).  But still, cheap is cheap.  I'll pay $7 for a pitcher.
3	Good Service, quality food, decent prices, fun restaurant/bar scene with pool tables and an awesome atmosphere overall.I had lunch here with one of my gal pals who actually introduced me to it and who bragged about their food.She ordered the philly cheesesteak sandwich and I opted for fish and chips. Both meals were tasty and great quality to say the least, lots of food for a great price! They have daily specials as well. I will be back to check out the bar and have something on tap for my next visit. This place is fun!I am on the late freight with checking this restaurant out however better late than never!
3	24 hour happy hour. At least that's what I was told by the bartender. There are a million of these types of places in Las Vegas and it's not my favorite. However, the 3 times I have gone, I was not disappointed. On beautiful Las Vegas evenings I highly recommend sitting out on the patio. Very good atmosphere to sit back and enjoy a drink with friends. The Captan's Nutty Brother dessert is very good. Ice cream pie with Nutter Butter crust and peanut butter in between=yummy!The food is just your average bar food deep friedness. The drink specials are pretty good. I once got a 24 oz glass of Blue Moon for $2.50!Great service and great place to watch sports since there are a gagillion TVs.
3	went here for some drinks and appetizers with my girlfriends. big servings! nachos were bomb & wings are gooood! shrimp scampi is gooood :] i didnt like the salad that i ordered tho.. =/ i got the chicken black bean wit fried onions salad.. blahh i didnt like it. but everything else was good.. margaritas are okay.. nothin special. i'd still go back here tho..
4	My wife, daughter and I went for lunch on Saturday. Not too crowded but I think during Football season this will become a hotspot. It also looks as they show UFC and boxing events on the numerous flat screens. The interior is all wood I highly recomend the seafood mac and cheese but order it to share or as a whole meal. Very tasty but very heavy.
4	Being from Orlando, this place just makes me happy.  The sheer consistency in atmosphere, food, pricing and drinks always puts a smile on my face.  Watching my 7 y/o house the twin lobster tail special the other night was rather impressive also.  Prime rib is fantastic.Definitely one of the better, casual places to eat at Town Square.
3	Pretty good bar food. Lots of selection. Loud atmosphere.
4	Waitress was awesome! Food very good! Drinks were cheap. A local favorite.
3	I have been to Miller's Alehouse twice now, neither of which were by my choice. While the atmosphere is fine and the staff are friendly, the flavor is seriously lacking in the food... And isn't that the most important thing when it comes to going out to eat?On my first visit I had the sashimi tuna salad as well as a bowl of the lobster bisque. The salad was very disappointing. The cucumber wasabi dressing had no wasabi bite to it, the greens were boring, and the sesame seed encrusted tuna was just too encrusted for my liking.I have had a similar but far, FAR tastier salad at Yard House at Town SquareThe soup was good at least. Good, but not great.On my second visit, I decided to go a more simple route and had the basic dinner salad and a bowl of the clam chowder. The soup was not the best I have ever had, a couple spoonfuls were a little gritty, but it wasn't bad. I enjoyed this meal so much more then my first experience... But like I said, I went simple. I would certainly have preferred to enjoy my more expensive salad more... Overall, I wouldn't go back for lunch if I had the option. Town Square had too many other places I'd prefer to eat. Perhaps Miller's Alehouse is better suited for the beer drinking, sports watching evenings?
4	Every time I go to Miller Ale House I have a good experience.  The food is always great, it is the best part; well that and the $7 Miller light pitchers!!  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the service is always a little slow, not horrible by any means, just a little slow.  My fiance always gets the blackened Prime rib sandwich, he loves it!!!  And also loves the fact he can get sweet potato fries.  I try something new every time.  This time I got the Pulled pork.  It was good, the toasted garlic bread it comes on is great!  The portions are huge and the price is more than fair.  We bring a lot of out of towners here as well, never have they been disappointed.  It is a great place for watching sports, enjoying always cheap drinks and knowing you food will be consistent!  If you haven't gone, GO~
4	Went here, was buzzed, got more buzzed. Opened a tab, paid cash, was concerned about it after considering my condition. Checked the bill a few days later, spot on. To be honest with their billing, and have semi-cheap drinks, i'm a fan. Theres also a chance for guys to meet girls here when its like a Thur-Sun in the evenings. Two thumbs up, honest establishment!
4	Food is good, the drink prices are AMAZING and the amount of tv's to watch your favorite sport or team can't be beat! The service on game days can be almost non existant and they need more servers those days which is why I give it 4 stars. I dig that is has 2 bars and two outside seating areas though. I go there at least 2 times a month.
3	Single ladies, listen up.  Like football?  Like boys?  Then you should visit Miller's Ale House during Monday Night Football.  I was one of the few ladies at the bar.  Boys or all types, shapes and sizes.  It was a boy buffet!  I was with my platonic friend Dan but we still had a good time.  If you're drinking, stick to beer.  I was trying to save on the empty calories and ordered a disappointing Pinot Noir and red Sangria.  Oh well, I know for next time.  The food is also good, I recommend the salad, pasta and the french onion soup.  Be careful not to burn your tongue!  Extremely convenient parking rounds out the Miller's Ale House experience.  See you on a future Monday night!  And I'd be happy to share the wing-woman responsibilities.
5	This place is excellent, don't listen to the other reviews.  They sound like a bunch of snobs. The food is fantastic and there is something for everyone, the menu has so much to choose from. The 14.95 twin lobster tails are a great deal and it has a  great atmosphere, even if you are not a beer drinker.  We take my folks there and they are in their mid 60's and they love it as well.  If you are a local it's a nice, inexpensive night out. And I saw that the 35 shrimp dish had been mentioned a few times...10.99 can't even buy 35 shrimp at the store for that, and it is a flavorful dish.
3	This place is simple yet effective.  Perfect for game day, because you're surrounded by TV's.  Bad for a romantic dinner, because you're surrounded by TV's.  Big menu, but I've found a couple of favorites that I order time and time again.Decent drink specials and good draft variety.  Usually the service is great, although last time I am pretty sure our waitress was high.  Still entertaining, though.All-in-all, we're fans.  You should be, too.
3	I was recently here  to watch the Eagles game last week. The food is definitely cheaper than other nearby restaurants . The drinks are decent.The service was ok. Great place to go have some food and watch sports.
4	It's laid back a bunch of TVs everywhere great for game day!! I like the patio with the firepit super comfy. I had chicken nachos last time I went and they were massive and delicious!! I have a nacho obsession though =] Service was great think the server's name was Patrick..good lookin too haha
4	This chain is huge in Florida, it's a 'bar bar'! But super clean! Jeans and a t-shirt & perhaps flip flops are A-OK here!  tons of TV's and the menu is huge. If you can't find something on this menu you got real issues. Things I like about this place:1- SERVICE-bartenders are super nice, most are from Florida and worked at locations out East first.  They are all so friendly, super talkative, and very helpful with suggestions. I can even go by myself and sit at the bar and not worry about creepers bothering me! Say hi to Clay and Greg for me!2- CHEAP DRINKS-they have amazing drink specials. $3.95 sangria. $2 drafts, $4.95 sweet tea vodka etc etc3- No Gaming-this is a catch 22, sometimes I like to, sometimes I don't4-Outside patio with space heaters AND fire pits.  Again, sometimes I'm a smoker and you can smoke out here. I'm originally from Florida so it's really cold here sometimes AND it's warm there! Oh and there's multiple TV's outside too so if it's a nice day it's AWESOME5-Open at 9 am on the weekends for football games, kegs n eggs here I come.6-Expansive menu- as I mentioned earlier, oysters, their zingers are amazing, their lobster dinner is damn good too. Keep in mind this is bar food, not a 5 star dining experience, but the food is damn good!7-It's in Town Square. So there's other things to do nearby if you change your mind8-Cheap lunch specials- $4.95 for lunch, no kidding.9-Tons of parking
3	Its a nice place to hang out. Also expect to pay above average for beverages. Service is good.
2	put it this way...  when your signature food is chicken fingers...  your food sucks.  Good hangout spot for watching games though. Lots of tvs
4	Thomas Square, lots of good places to eat, this place is always busy and looks good, today we check out the food.Walking in, it's definitely a sports bar atmosphere, TV's are everywhere, it's got game on and it's loud.  The menu is small and mostly simple stuff.  We got a sampler appetizer, it had mozzarella sticks, conch fritters and crab balls with cheese, it was hot and fresh, dipping sauce was good.For my main entree' I had the Miller steak sandwich, smothered onions, provolone cheese, and sauce, it was good, but a bit chewy.For desert my husband and I shared a ice cream cake with health bar crumbles and carmel fudge chocolate sauce.  Overall, a good meal, great place to hang out and eat, drink, and watch a game!
4	I'm giving this four stars for the sake that ladies' night you get selected free beers and wine! What can be better than that?! I have to admit, I only glanced along at the menu and I didn't order as much as I wanted to, but this seems to be the place for college students during the weeknights. The area is fairly large enough to accommodate a large group of people, and the pool tables are usually easy to jump on (since game rotations are fairly quick). Hopefully I can get a better review in the future, but for now, this place seems to be one of the ideal spots to socialize for younger college crowds in Las Vegas.
2	Nice place to have a drink and watch sports. Not ideal if you want quality food. Ribs were bone dry and barely edible. Crab legs were decent and there were plenty of them. Prices aren't bad.
4	Love going to this place! TV's everywhere, so you can watch any sporting event. They also have outdoor seating with gas fire pits. The place is friendly and waiters/waitresses attentive when a refill is needed. The place can fill up fast on football days, so you need to get there early. The food is good. Love the Seafood Medley Pasta & they're known for their Zingers. Plenty of parking at Town Square. You won't be disappointed.
5	I love the outdoor seating! & since it's cold the Fire pit is great to sit around & drink & eat! :) also huge portions great food specials
3	Typical sports bar, but a clean atmosphere. We came here for lunch after post-Christmas shopping at Town Square.  The prices were reasonable, and the food was pretty good- typical bar food. Their wings were great, and I enjoyed my seafood quesadilla. They are revising their menu, so some items might still be listed but not available anymore (ex- Jamaican Jerk wings).   Service, however, was very slow, and they forgot one of our food items.  It wasn't very crowded when we were there, so I'm not sure what was going on with that.
4	Cool spot to grab some drinks and bar food after work with friends
4	I've been here a couple times and decided to come in for New Year's Eve. My friend wanted to do something festive and close to the fireworks but with seating and a bit more casual. They had a $50 all you can eat/open bar package which we thought was a great deal. The restaurant wasn't too crowded and the server was fantastic. She had a lot of demanding tables but still came back to check on us as much as possible. Our drinks were never empty, we both had a four course meal, and the deal was amazing. The food was good although the orders were slightly off a couple times but since our server had a lot of tables, it was understandable. The last time I was here, our server was just as good and the food was all fantastic. Nice casual place to hang out and get a good meal.
1	Friendly service and great atmosphere if you only want to have beers or drinks.You pay a fair price for the food, but the food is terrible.  I would rather eat anywhere else.  If you hungry stay away, if your thirsty go have a drink and watch some sports!
3	The first thing I have to say about Miller's Ale House is the Burger is Great. One  thing I love is a good burger. I thought I would give theirs a try as it was my first time at the Ale House. When the burger arrived, a big portion of it was hanging over the edge of the bun. I took a healthy bite of the meat all by itself. What a pleasure that was. The meat was moist while being cooked properly. The flavor had a savoriness that did not mask the beefiness. This tasted like a good piece of beef should. I got the British burger that has Swiss Cheese and Bacon on top. Every aspect of the burger were done properly. Even the bun served well. It was not too soft or hard and complemented the rest of the sandwich.My wife got the fish and chips, so I gave the fish a try. Not bad at all. The fish tastednice and the breading had a good crunch to it.The fries were good. Not great and nothing to make a special trip there for, but good.Our server was wonderful. She made sure we were well taken care of. Our drink glasses were never empty and everything was cleared from the table right after we emptied them. The decor is OK. It is like a lot of restaurants that have the same fare. I do look forward to going back again.
4	this place has the best portion appetizers. the drinks are good as well. all i have to say is chicken nachos and the fries on the appetizers are the only things my friends and i get there. the entrees are mediocre, nothing special about them. the fish and chips are surprisingly good as well. fries and nachos is what i love and fries and nachos is what i will order. amazing. getting hungry thinking about it. the atmosphere is very lively. service is great and lots of sports going on. tv's everywhere. sometimes it does feel a bit antisocial when we're there due to all the tv's and all that comes out of our mouths are wooos, ahhs, and ergs. great place for sports
4	I have been to Miller's dozens of times since it opened a couple years ago, and will continue to visit.  It is a great sports bar with good food and  a reasonably priced addition to Town Square.  They have nightly dinner specials and several beers on tap as well as a full bar.  Miller products are especially cheap with other drink specials also. I am a big fan of their chicken zingers, blackened quesadilla, and nachos.  They also serve traditional bar food as well as seafood.  The portions are large and the food is inexpensive.I most recently visited Saturday night to watch the fight with some friends.  They show all the UFC fights with a $10 cover to get in.  They have several large flat screen tvs all over the bar so it is easy to see no matter where you are sitting. The place was packed but we managed to get a booth after arriving a little early.  Our service was good and after several pitchers of beer and appetizers for five people, the bill was just a little over $100. I would highly recommend it as a place to watch a sporting event or just meet up with some friends.
2	Not a fan. Ordered the fish and chips--they were greasy and bland. We had a waitress who didnt have a clue and never checked on us. Overall bad experience. I wont be back.
4	I was torn between rating this 3 or 4 stars, but what pushed it to 4 for me was the fact that they gave me a carnation for Valentine's Day!!! My boyfriend and I decided to try out Miller's after seeing all the ads for their specials around Town Square. We ended up going on Valentine's Day, and they had a special menu, but we didn't try anything off of it. I read about their famous "Zingers" here on Yelp so we ordered some hot Zingers and a dozen oysters to start. The Zingers were really great and went well with the beer -would definitely recommend! The oysters were pretty much what you can expect from a "bar-food" type place like this. They were $14 for a dozen, and I don't think I would order them again. I can get a dozen for around the same price fresh at Whole Foods down the street and they taste much better. My boyfriend ordered a few beers with the meal. It looks like they had a full bar, and the selection on the menu was decent. For entrees, I ordered the 35 Shrimp Scampi and he ordered the Chicken Caesar. Both were very good - and I think my pasta actually had 35 shrimp in it! I thought that was just the name. The portion sizes are huge: I ate about half of mine and I still had enough pasta left for a meal, and the salad was very large as well. I only took a few bites of the salad but each bite had a good amount of dressing, unlike those salads where the dressing is skimp. Neither of us finished our food and we were too full for dessert. The bill came out to be about $70, but that is only because of the beers - without them I think it would have been around $50. I would probably go back to Miller's on those days when you are having that "What do you want to eat?.. I don't know... What do you want to eat?" conversation. Its a pretty chill place with decent service, food, and atmosphere.
1	The Fajitas were average.. Guac (that i paid extra for) wasn't fresh.The wife had a prim rib sandwich.. it came as a single oversized slab of meat on a bun..not even cut. nothing else.. cept a dab of butter..Service we ok.sad overal.
3	Miller's is a great place to watch sports.  They have a lot of seating and a TON of tv's. They also have decent prices for being in Town Square.  The best part of my Miller's experience was the dessert!  I speak solely of the Captain Jack's hidden treasure.... hidden treasure indeed!  Oreo's, Ice Cream, and Caramel Sauce .... Yummy!Bottom line, Miller's has a lot of what you would find in a Las Vegas sport's bar .... cheap drinks, decent food, and lot's of tv's. Take home message:  Save room for dessert!!!  :)
2	Not my usual pub & seafood spot but it was the birthday girls choice. Not to Shabby but nothing really stood out.CHEAP DRINKS: 3/5 Probably the only good thing about this place is the $2.95 tall draft beers $2.50 regular draft beers and $3.95 sangria's. Their selection of draft & bottled beers are pretty small. I assumed they would have a lot more but they don't. Sangria's pretty good, our waiter even said it was their "famous sangria" but I've tasted better. It was super sweet and not enough fruit. The only thing in it was lemons and a cherry.FOOD: 1/5 Super oily, I ordered a Chicken Cajun Pasta and I felt like it was drenched in oil or butter. There was no sauce and my chicken was over cooked so instead of getting a blackened smoked slices of chicken breast they gave me burnt chicken. I did like the mushrooms in this dish that was pretty much the only good thing.SERVICE: 2/5 Our waiter okay.... he was knowledgeable but not really attentive. Had to wave my hands in the air a couple times to flag him down. Right before we ordered he wasn't bad. Kept on coming back asking us if we were ready, but once we ordered he was no where to found.
3	The thing I love most about Miller's is the atmosphere. There always seems to be such a diverese crowd (from twenty something co-eds to middle age executives). I typically have a great time and great conversation when I frequent this establishment. Needless to say, this is a great people watching spot.  However, in the interest of full disclosure service (especially sitting at the bar) is sometimes spotty. The food is typical bar fare. My favorite thing on the menu to order is the Philly steak. And I do appreciate that when I have a hankering for them, they allow me to order chili cheese fries (off menu).
1	Good service and decent atmosphere, but the food is crap.I had a few items here and none were anything special at all. I would say Applebees is even better than this craptastic place. I ordered a 10 dollar burger and it was probably the worst burger I ever tasted. I took two bites, sent it back, paid my bill and gave Miller's Alehouse the finger. Don't eat here unless you don't care about how your food tastes. You will probably find better noms in the trash behind Chiles.
4	I absolutely love Miller's.  When I go to Vegas I always make a point to stop in Town Square and eat at Miller's.  Doesn't matter which meal, lunch, dinner, it's all good.  A fun atmosphere and good food at great prices.  For me, service has always been good but then I am not a local so I have yet to see a bad side.  So much fun here during foorball season...Now if we can only get a Miller's in Southern Cal.
3	Miller's is very good at what it is.  This is a restaurant that knows what it wants to be and nails it.  The prices are great, the food is decent and they have 72 tv's in the place.  The server we had was very efficient with delivering adult beverages always a plus.  All in all not the place I'm taking my wife for an intimate dinner but definitely a great place to watch sports with the group of guys from work.
4	We came here to watch the Mayweather Vs. Cotto fight last Saturday.  After searching everywhere in Vegas to watch this fight at an affordable price, I finally found Miller's Ale House who was only charging $20/person (average price anywhere else in Vegas was $80/person - just to watch a fight!)!This was a great place!  They had 20+ beers on tap and had my boyfriend's favorite, Sam Adams Cherry Wheat, which is SO hard to find even in the bottle!!!  The beer prices were reasonable and the bartenders were fast and friendly!  Plus they had great bar food.  I had a buffalo shrimp appetizer and the mahi mahi entree, both delicious :)I highly recommend this place for watching sports/boxing!!!
3	Watched the Mayweather vs. Cotto fight here. I can't comment on the food here because I didn't have any but the beers are super cheap. They charged $20 to get in to watch the fight. They also closed off their parking lot so that they could show the fight on 2 projectors, the big problem here was that both projectors bulbs were bad so the picture came in green. Not very enjoyable if you were watching outside. Why even offer it outside if you won't spend the cash to at least have a decent projector. We ended up watching the fight inside.
3	We were at Town Square doing a little shopping and walked by the place. We have always thought about stopping but it's always right after we have eaten. We were hungry so we went in. Nothing amazing here, but some good food and a nice beer selection. The lunch specials were a great deal and the service was good (except for the idiot in the Red Sox hat... But I suspect it has to do more with a lousy baseball team then his service... Go Yanks!) we will come back when we are in the area and hungry but I don't think I would make a special trip. There are much better options at Town Square if I'm coming just to eat.
2	If you like watching sports and drinking then do not go to Miller's Alehouse. This is a great place to socialize and whatnot but there are much better places to watch sports. There are plenty of TVs but the manager prefers pop music at 5PM during a Stanley Cup playoff game than letting people hear the game. Mostly everyone was watching the game but the manager thought it to be a good business decision to keep the music on at 5PM instead. A simple solution would be sound boxes or the manager could simply know his clientele.
1	Never going back to this place. First off I understand the drinks are cheap.....thats the only reason why anyone would ever go back to this place. The food sucks, its all fried gross bar food. I was going to have a wedding party here a few days before and had it all reserved and planned out. We would have had a great time drinking and eating (the fried bar food) but 2 days before I was supposed to have 30 people in town the manager called me and told me there was a UFC fight and could we move the dinner to 2pm...........ummmmmm no you moron we can't have dinner at 2pm. This was a year ago and we have not been back. Why would you with the YardHouse and all the other good restaurants in the area unless you really don't have an extra .50 to buy a decent beer.
1	I wanted to try something new so I thought I would take my wife out for lunch. The hostess that seated us was horrible and had a crappy attitude. The waiter was wearing a dirty shirt and looked like he just hit the pipe. I got the World Famous Zingers!! All I can say is nasty, nasty, nasty!!!!!! This may be the worst restaurant I've eaten at in Las Vegas. I have lived here twenty years and cant believe their are places like this around. Do not eat at this place!! I should have went to the Yardhouse!!!
1	Made the mistake of trying a new place without looking it up on Yelp. Man this place BLOWS!!  For starters my girl and I split the blackened chicken quesadilla, which had no flavor and it wasn't even blackened chicken. And the rice and beans that accompanied the dish were horrible. If I wanted to eat beans from a can I would of stayed home. Knowing that my fish tacos would have the same side I asked the waiter to substitute them for something else. He had the nerve to tell me it would be an extra .99 for the change. Omfg!!! I opted for no side instead. My fish tacos finally arrived and they were alright. Nothing special and definitely not worth the price. My girl's burger comes and it's rare when she ordered it well done. After waiting for an extra 20 minutes her burger finally makes it to the table and it's well done and dry. Someone should show the cook how to cook a well done burger and still leave it juicy. But the night was not a total loss. The coffee was ok.
2	A friend and I decided to stop by before a movie for a quick dinner. It appears that Miller's a hotspot for alot Greek life at UNLV. The place was pretty loud and crowded by college kids all over the bar. I didn't mind the people but the noise was pretty obnoxious at one point. The crowd wasn't the issue, it was the service and the food.I think our server came to our table a total of 4 times. Drink orders, Food orders, Bring the food and check. In fact, we had to wave down other servers to get refills and condiments. Usually I am forgiving on bad service. I figure that a restaurant or the server maybe having an off day, things could be bad in the kitchen and so on. While bad service sucks, it usually doesn't mean I don't back.Bad food on the other hand is a totally different story. I ordered philly cheesesteak with fries. Usually a pretty safe bet, I mean how can you mess up a philly? Well i should have asked cook because he did it some how. The fries were soggy, like they were microwaved. The sandwich itself tasted mushy. The bread should have been crispier, the meat should have been juicy. Instead it all tasted like someone threw it together and heated up real quick. My friend who had a burger where the center portion of the beef was under cooked and actually still cold and had to send it back. I doubt that this is the regular routine at Miller's (probably because if it was they would get shut down for violating health codes on meat cooking) but it really hard to come back after that experience.I have been back for drinks (which are relatively cheap compared to the rest of Town Square) but I am staying away from the food.
3	I like Miller's Alehouse it's in the Town Center which is always nice except it's on the outer area of Town Center away from all that is happening at the Town Center.As far as for drinks, they're cheaper when compared to some places like Blue Martini. But I am not a Miller beer kind of guy, never ever will you have see me drinking anything Miller unless that's the only drink offered and even with that I might even just leave or just other drink shots.Girls were passing out free jameson shots and head phones, the cheap ones but still cool.Large outdoor patio which they'll lock it down for you and your party if you request ahead of time and get CONFIRMATION.  A bunch of us from work came here once, someone had reserved the outdoor patio but never got a confirmation.  I don't know who's to blame but when we were there we ended up move twice.The food is typical bar food but I really didn't order any food, I was just killing time before watch the Avengers movie could be good as the pics looked good. Someone said their nachos are huge.They have a happy hour, it was OK, but really not fan of the drinks side only selected drinks qualified for the special prices maybe a 6 or 7 to select from, the food side I believe I saw 1/2 of pizzas which looked good, but still pretty limited happy hour.They served me some Miller Light in a Blue Moon glass LOL serve me Miller in a Miller or labeled glass is better.
4	I've been here a few times, first visit I got their summer salad... usually I don't like salads but because they had spinach in it, I decided to give it a go... I LOVED this salad! The dressing was really good :) Last time I was there though our server didn't pay very much attention to us... Not that I wanted her to hover but we had to flag down another staff member just for refills. After she dropped our appetizers she didn't check on us to see how it was... after a runner dropped off our main course she did swing by and ask if we had everything (but didn't check back to see if the food was OK or if we needed anything else).. the food was good, except for the empty cups, I didn't need anything for a while. I understand it was a busy evening and she had multiple tables but I watched her go back and check up on at least 3 other tables often, for every visit to our table she made at least 2 but usually 3 visits to each of her other tables. That was what bothered me the most, If she was equally ignoring her other tables then I could just understand she was slammed but she was just skipping us. I've worked in the food industry before, I get it, we were a table of 2 where the others at 4+ people so she was working the larger tables to get a bigger tip, even small tables can tip very generously, as long as the server does half of their job. OK. enough with that rant, I would go back for sure, the food is really good. I would just not go on a busy evening nor would I want to be in that servers section again. The restaurant has a large amount of beer on tap, a huge drink menu, and happy hour midweek. I highly recommend trying this place out, one bad server experience isn't enough to offset the good food and atmosphere. Plus, they have A LOT of TVs on the wall showing all different things...
4	I absolutely love the Zingers and the Captain Jack's Burried Treasure.The only reason for four stars is that I came in with my boyfriend and they seated us on the covered patio. Once we were there the waitress asked for our ID's after we ordered our meals and no alcohol (We are both 17) and were told we had to move because we were under 21. The hostess hadn't told us about this but it wasn't a big deal. They moved us to another table that was STILL an area that you needed to be  21, so someone came to move us again. That was pretty annoying since it took about 15-20 minutes just to get seated and have to reorder.I'll be coming back because I love the food as a quick snack when out to eat but the service definitely could have been better.
5	We have been to this restaurant three times.each time it was better than the last.We have had the same waiter (Brian) & he is fantastic!We went there on Mother's Day & I had twin lobster tails that were outstanding!Another time I had the Miller's clambake.WOW...lots of great seafood..The Manager is really a very nice guy......The prices are great for what you get to eat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	Been here twice.  Once weekday afternoon, once Sunday afternoon.  Nice busy, not too busy, but not enough to scare away the newbies and get seated quickly... Could not imaging it in the night time or Saturday night.    Plenty of TV's all around and not many duplicate content.  So if its a major sport event, you can find it.  Our waitress even turned ob TV to another sport for us, so we could get up close.I have ADD, so its pretty stimulating!!After seating us and taking the orders, someone decided the cheesy music wasn't loud enough and wanted to make sure nobody could talk to anyone and cranked the sound.  Our waitress took our complaint to the Mngr and it was quickly put back down to conversation level...Food?  Bar Food.  Expecting something fancy or frilly?  Go to the Blue Martini.  Want nice atmosphere, lots of sports on TV and the ability to talk?  here is your place.Sitting at the bar (with its almost endless row of tapped beer) and sitting at the booths, the service was great..  Friendly, fast and efficient.  Not hoovering over you or ignoring you.  That nice spot in the middle.Why only 3 stars? I would think a place like this would have a more creative food menu, not be all greasy, ordinary, run of the mill bar food.  it was good, just ordinary
4	we came here to watch the travesty that was Manny Pacquaio getting robbed by the Judges. thanks to my fellow Yelpers, we saved ourselves $30/pp to watch the fight here. our hotel was showing it for $50/pp, but, EFFFFF that! the mood here was pretty cool. everyone was excited about the fight. they had part of the parking lot blocked off as an outdoor beer garden/viewing section. tables and a full bar for the fight. we came early enough to lock up a spot right by the bar inside. they had some great specials for drinks. and i don't mean great for a casino, i mean great for dive bar status! i ordered the wings here, i think twice. delicious. obviously. the libations were flowing full force all night. as evident by me taking my shirt off a couple times to display my absolute displeasure with the fights' outcome. thanks to the security dudes though for just asking me to put my shirt back on instead of kicking me out. this is a cool off strip bar and if i ever want to pay for any kind of PPV boxing match after this last one, we may come back. that fight left a bitter taste in my mouth.
3	Located in Town Square next to Fry's and Staples. This is a follow up review as I've eaten and drank/drunk :) at Millers many many times probably 40 visits.The food started out really good consistently. But over the last 3-4 months it's slowly deteriorated in quality. They always serve very good sized portions, but it doesn't make up for bland taste and mediocre service. Someone in management is thinking its good to hire guys who look like unemployed house husbands uhhh bad plan. I met the owner when he was in town and they're looking at opening another one here. If they replicate what they are now, don't bother. If they do it like the previous year plus things will be great.The bar is solid with great variety and good prices. Great social spot with plenty of things to do. This all works but I see it slipping. I hope they tighten it up or me and the crew will be slipping away.
3	I went there on a Sunday afternoon and was promply greeted at the door by a friendly server. Looking around, I noticed the place wasn't very crowded but that is to be expected on Sunday lunchtime. No sooner than I sat down, the server came over and took my drink order. I just ordered a diet soda which was about 20oz. and well carbonated! The decor was very interesting - the wall were wood panel with various mounted fish and televisions but the ceiling was just a commercial tile. It seemed like a really strange combination. I guess that's why I noticed it!For lunch I ordered the Thai calamari and the grouper sandwich, which was on special. The appetizer came in short order and was pretty good. The Thai sauce gave it a kick and overpowered the heavy breading - which was a good thing! Soon after finishing the appetizer, the grouper sandwich showed up. It was grilled and a little fishy smelling. Obviously it was frozen for quite some time because the color varied from bright white to pale transparent cream, but it was still edible. I wouldn't order it again. All in all, I would probably go back but it would have to be later in the evening so I could down a few drinks in an attempt to make the average food taste better!
3	Good, solid chain place.  Good value for the money.
5	If you're from Florida you probably LOVE this place already.Great atmosphere for games (see ALL the NFL games - but you won't hear them, only the featured game), good prices on food and drink.Try the chicken nachos! Ridiculous!
5	Fast service, fair priced, and they seat me at a table with steelers jersey every time !!!
3	Got to love the alehouses! What better place to watch the game, drink cheap and good quality beer, and greasy food! They have daily specials, and lots of offered discounts. Their food portions are big! I think that it's also great that host special events for the Superbowl, boxing matches, etc.When I came I had their mahi mahi picatta with their vegetable of the day. It was a huge portion and actually really good. It was full of that nice lemony flavor. I also tried their apple crumble with vanilla ice cream. It was pretty amazing and delicious. It had that nice crumble crunch. It was hot and fresh, and  they surely do not hold back on the ice cream!
5	Love this place!  The only real sports bar in Vegas.  Also a Florida bar which makes me feel at home.  Zingers and Ossobuco are banging!
2	I wanted to have a fun lunch with a colleague and had heard people talking about this place being fun.   When I arrived, the place was packed, so i thought that was a good sign.I ordered a burger and he ordered a cheese steak since we were going for bar food.  This was by far the worst food I've ever seen presented. The bun on the burger was cold and dry, the patty looked grey and like it had come out of the freezer. The taste was as bad as the presentation.  His cheese steak looked ugly and like it was just slapped together.  The best i can equate this to is cafeteria food. The server was ok.  In giving them two stars, i feel I'm being quite generous.
1	I am so DISAPPOINTED on Miller's Las Vegas Ale House (http://www.facebook.com/lasvegasalehouse) How come in a shopping area where upscale Lounges and Restaurants like Double Helix (http://www.facebook.com/pages/Double-Helix-Wine-Bar-and-Retail-Shop/196762299176) and Brio (http://www.facebook.com/pages/Brio-Tuscan-Grille/150484198302822) accepts Dogs in their patio area you don't!!!!!??????. I have liked to watched the games there AND SEND HUNDREDS PER DAY but the fact that I cant bring my dog to Miller Ale House is a big TURN OFF!!!
1	If you want your waiters harassing you and begging you for their tips all night then this is the place to be.  My co-workers and I went there on a Tues for the "ladies night free drinking" and every time our waiter would come around and we wanted to place an order she would tell us, Ok i'll take care of you if you take care of me, EVERY SINGLE time for at least 3 times in a row.  We finally got a manager & all he did was apologize.   The waiter which btw her name is ROBYN purposely kept bumping us and even made my friend spill a drink on me because she pushed her as we were walking by (we figured we would just get our drinks from the bar now) and did the same thing to a couple of my other friends as well.  We asked her a few times what her problem was but ignored us and walked away.  Well, next thing you know Security asked us to leave because WE were harassing their staff!!! They were obviously on her side and they DO NOT care about their customers.  They said they watched the 'tape' were we were harassing her. When we asked them to watch the videos when SHE pushed us they said they didn't have time to watch a 2hr tape, yea it obviously wasn't convenient for them.  So as we are outside discussing the whole issue Security kicks out this drunk guy and literally drop him on the pavement, it was so loud you'd hear him when he hit.  Then as the poor drunk unconscious guy tries to stand up they start BEATING him up very badly!! I felt So bad for him because he's not sober, there was no need to beat him up outside after the fact they had already kicked him out.  This place is TERRIBLE worst nightmare ever, will never return, they don't care about their customers.
5	such a great place for lunch. every day they have a $4.99 lunch special. Thursday's is the meatloaf. they give you a pound of meatloaf, mashed potatoes or fresh veggies and roll. The service is great. Michelle  who works the Bar is awesome. They also have 2 16 oz PBR's for $3.00. This is the way it's supposed to be. Great food and service for a price anyone can afford
1	Walked in and the restaurant was pretty much a ghost town. The hostess was on the phone so we waited a few minutes before she finally acknowledged us. After she sat us, we waited about 10 minutes or so before started looking around for a server or any employee, waited a few more minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us and nothing. So we left and went to Yard House (which was busy) where we got sat immediately and a server greeting us within a few minutes. I wonder why your restaurant is empty and the one next to it is packed....maybe you should acknowledge the people who pay your bills day shift.
5	Miller's Ale House Town Square- 5 Stars for watching sports over good food and beer; NOT a restaurant for quiet meals, though.- A giantic, beautiful restaurant bar; GREAT for Happy Hour and WATCH Sports on countless tv's! [11-4pm; M-F; DAILY specials]. The loud cheers are contagious!Its horseshoe shaped barcounter is enormous, classy and inviting! Their front patio is also pretty good size, attractive with 2 fire pits. It has good food and beers. The bartenders are friendly and very efficient. MY ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE AT THE BAR:- A beautiful Sat afternoon last week, I walked up a sizable thirst around Town Square. So, I dropped by Miller's, being attracted by its big sign offering 22oz Sam Adams for $4! - The place is ginormous, with an imposingly big, inviting barcounter right in the middle of the huge restaurant, full of booths and, yes, TV's EVERYWHERE!!!! I parked myself at the bar.- It was about 3pm when I got in, the place was more than half full; by 4pm, the bar was almost completely full, and there was a line by the door! Loud cheers and groans over the games filled the entire restaurant!- NO HH on wk-ends [Sigh!], but luckily, the beer offer was more than good enough! Besides, there were many tempting Daily Specials, also. The gentleman sitting by me at the bar told me that his Fried Shrimps special ($12, Sat Sp) was delicious and totally worth it! Well, I was more thirsty than hungry, so I opted for a Caeser's Salad for $4.75 (off the Soup and Salad category). It was very fresh and tasty, as well as pretty good size. For good measure, I ordered a 2nd Sam Adams, and witnessed my favorite team, Univ of Michigan beating its archrival, Michigan State by 2 Points in its thrilling last min drive with a field goal! Sweet! Moreover, I also got to keep the 22oz Sam Adams Glass! - I'll definitely go back there and try its HH, sample other goodies over games on TV! Peterskis, Oct 2012-//-
1	This place has big screens going with every possible game that's on AND music playing at the same time. It can get loud! Specifically went for the "alehouse" aspect and expected a good selection of beers. Every single one a member of our party (a big beer fan) tried to order, he was told they did not have it! Um... ok? It actually got embarrassing after awhile, because my husband and I thought this would be a good pick for everyone!The food was very basic. I ordered the fish and chips and it was soooo bland. There was more battered breading than actual fish, so I mostly stuck to my fries, which were only warm and didn't have much crunch to them. We all ordered different things-a burger, fried shrimp, soup, nachos, and onion rings, which the hostess insisted we MUST get. They weren't exactly impressive. No one at my table was thrilled with the food they received. It was very boring. The shredded chicken in the nachos was extremely dried out, the chips were soggy and it came with a smokey smell. Not "smoked" as in BBQ, but smoke as in cigarette! I will say, the portions were very big! But it was food that wasn't really worth eating or saving.
1	I would give Bartender Brian C 5 stars for excellent service and fun entertainment, hower manager Jerry has made this restaurant less than a single star. Me and my girlfriend came here after a concert for some drinks and a late night snack. We got the zinger mountain melt with the special request that we have it half honey mustard and half sweet chilli Thai with a side of both ranch and blue cheese. Now I don't see a problem in this seeing how other restaurants can accommodate our needs but apparently there was and manager Jerry came out to make that clear to our bartender. Feeling bad for our selection of choice I told the manager that Brian was an excellent bar tender and doing a great job, Jerry's response was just eat your food as he walked away. Wow!!! My mind was blown.. I have never been so insulted by a manager at a restaraunt when giving his staff a compliment. Ridiculous. I should have known that if Jerry would treat his own employees like crap, the. It is certain he would treat his guests like that too... I certainly will never be back for their mediocre greasy food and to be told to eat it instead of pay respects to my service. Horrible Manager!!!!!
1	If I could I would give bartender Brian c a five star review however, manager Jerry has strained the restaurants quality by not complying with guest requests as simple as splitting a plate nor has shown respect for his employee by degrading them in front of guests! With such a horrible experience I would only be back for Brian C! This place and the food was not worth the hassle nor embarrassing show!
2	I've only been here twice, but both times were average. This isn't the type of place where I'd normally choose to eat, but in the one case I was meeting friends here, and in the other I was meeting family here.Their menu is predictable bar food with a larger than usual selection of seafood. The bar is typical with some good specials usually going on. The service is meh. My friend ordered a Mojito with extra mint and asked if they could "muddle the heck out of the mint." When the waiter brought it over, it had about four leaves of unbruised mint in it. And this, after he broke a glass on our table and the drink spilled into two purses. I found this to be sort of comical as I have NO idea how the glass broke when he set it down. However, no drink was bought for my friends with soggy purses and it took another 10 minutes to get a replacement. Boo! One more thing to note: On game nights, this place gets crazy packed.. like waiting for an hour to find a seat type of packed.I've tried their signature "Zingers" which are just glorified chicken fingers tossed in buffalo.Their fisherman fry (it's called something close to that) which comes with a variety of fried sea goodies was only okay. It came with some bay scallops, shrimp, and everything else wasn't even memorable. Very greasy (not knocking them for that though) with sub par seafood.The prime rib that they have on Saturdays is completely disgusting. Do not order this! It's like imitation meat. I know it's not, but the texture is just so strange and the flavor so bland, it was bizzare. It also took forever to come out, and when it did it was cold.The french onion soup here is also a total miss. They use provolone over the top. While it's a decent amount, its just too mild to be satisfying, and provolone just doesn't melt as well for French Onion Soup as a swiss does. Not stringy enough. The bread was more like a sliced white bread so it got a little bit slimy in the broth which was really really light as the onions didn't seem properly caramelized.Though they have a pool table and a patio with some fire pits, the food is so below average, the service incredibly slow, drinks not made properly... This place is definitely not worth the wait.
2	I like ale house as a bar - cheap drinks and fun atmosphere. But their food is pretty lousy. It's all large portions w low prices. Maybe if you're drunk enough the food is decent, but on just a slight buzz, the food is pretty bad. The millers steak sandwich was THE WORST sandwich I've ever had in my life - steak marinated in a gross sweet sauce on greasy stale garlic bread w cold mashed potatoes on the side. Took a couple bites and tossed the rest.They seem to do fried bar food pretty well, but its hard to screw that up. Stick to simple fried things and you'll probably be ok. My friend said their burgers also suck, but I will say that the nutty brother (nutter butter) dessert is ridiculously good.
3	Ahhh.... Mediocrity ... Good beers a nice selection on tap... Great location and very nice staff. It's a nice bar and sports bar atmosphere with standard Friday's or Chilli's menu and quality of food.
1	My buddy and I went to Miller's Alehouse today for lunch right next Frys Electronics and wow food was terrible. We were both disappointed in their food quality. It actually gave me a stomach ache. The service was good, but they still don't deserve any stars. We are not going back here again.
1	This was not enjoyable, the Chicken Nachos were BAD. Chicken was dry and tasted bad. I had a zinger pizza and it wasn't good. Girlfriend had a chicken salad and the lettuce was in giant hunks. My buddy had a burger and he said it had no flavor and no seasoning. The "rouge dead guy ale" was $8 that's as much as the pizza.Won't be back
2	A co-worker told me to check this place out and I was skeptical because there is a Yardhouse nearby, which I know is always good.  Risked it, telling myself to try something new. Very disappointed...ordered a Filet and when it came out I flashed back to my elementary school cafeteria.  Food came out on a small plastic plate with cheap silverware. I know it's a bar, ale house, whatever, but it is so on the verge of being upscale.....and then it fails. Start looking at your Yelp reviews guys! SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH YOUR CHOICE OF CHEFS AND MANAGEMENT. Sorry, but maybe you should have dinner and drinks at the Yardhouse to see how your "niche" really is done well. Next time I will trust my gut.
2	It was after a huge rush and we got the server from HELL!  Beer is always good, food not bad just the service was really bad, the young lady stood and talk to atable of her friends and we had to ask the bar for our drinks and after about 2o minutes we got to place out order for food.  The server's line was "oh we just got slammed andi am still try to rest."   I counted 9 tablesthat had parties and maybe 10 to 12 people sitting at the bar... there were five servers......   It sucked!  I give you 2 STARS because the beer is always great!
3	I have visited this establishment more times than I can count, but never by choice. Birthdays, farewell parties, and casual get-togethers. I groaned every time as I prepared myself to go. I'll explain - nothing I've eaten has impressed me in any way. The nachos are okay (essentially, I've had better and cheaper!); the fried clams, quesadillas, fries, etc. all just merit a "meh" from me (although, the hand rolled stuffed jalapenos were pretty good). HOWEVER, the reason I gave it three stars is because I finally tried their "world famous" wings/zingers on my most recent trip and WOW - delicious!! Crispy with great flavor, not to mention their great sauces (that you can also combine, thus the possibilities are endless; I mixed 'medium' with 'BBQ' that evening) that you just want to lick off your fingers! It definitely threw me for a loop that a place I thought I'd sworn off is the same place I want to revisit for unforgettable wings.
4	Magic Hat is located here...Good service and okay bar food. the bar is large and there is alot of seating. Great location for friends to gather afterwork.
4	REVIEW STRICTLY BASED ON 2013 SUPERBOWL PARTY:Our group of 20 or so family & friends come to Las Vegas annually for their big game parties. We had attended Casa Di Amore's annual shindig for the last 3 Superbowl's, but couldn't stomach the $175 fee per person for this year's party. We did a little research & came across Miller's for $75 per person for a real food buffet including fresh seafood & prime rib & all you can drink & figured we couldn't go wrong. The place was packed to the gills & seating was very tight which was the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. (For future parties they might want to consider cutting down their capacity a tad, even if they have to up their price to $100 per person. They would still be beating their competition hands down, as no other Vegas parties of this category are going for under $175 per person.) The food was better than average with everything from assorted salads, hot dogs, wings & subs to jambalaya, poached fish filets, sushi, crab legs, shrimp, oysters & prime rib carved to order. We drank our entry fee in alcohol alone, with everything from assorted bottled beers, large selection of beers on tap, wine & mixed drinks. The only thing not included were the shots, but put a little ice in your Jack Daniel's (or Captain Morgan or whatever) & "voila!" you have a mixed drink! Our servers were attentive & on point. We never had less than 2 or 3 drinks in front of each of us at a time. The only complaint I would have other than the crowdedness (is that a word, lol!), is about the Patron Margarita...it was more super sweet citrusy mix than actual alcohol, definitely not the top shelf margarita I'm used to. The bloody mary I started with was good as was the sex on the beach cocktail I had. Just stay away from the margaritas, lol! Overall, Miller's has gained a group of new fans & we will definitely be returning for Superbowl 2014!
4	Wow I was surprised to see the average rating was 3 stars. I went here for a weekday lunch with some coworkers and was pleasantly surprised. They have a decent menu and there is something there for everyone. I have been trying to eat better lately and went for the grilled Mahi Mahi sandwich. WOW, wonderful! Fries were good too. Most of my coworkers were happy with their meals. Prices were a little high, but for the area that's expected. I'd happily come here again.
2	The food is okay for the most part, Ive only had one issue with the potato skins that came out burnt. My favorite is the Summer Salad, but Im giving them 2 Stars because every time I come here the Service is HORRIBLE. My girl friends & I will end up being held hostage. Our server will always end up disappearing and not dropping off our check in a appropriate amount of time... but since I live off tips I still always tip 20% because I believe in karma. Just a heads up, if you decide to come here on the weekends, the food takes forever..
4	Miller House is the bomb for happy hour, lunch, and any type of casual outing with friends.The beer selection is great and I recommend the oysters.Didn't give it a 5 star because 50% of the time the service is so slow you start writing a letter to the manager in your head, but if you are aware and prepared for this chance you'll leave happy.
4	The food here is just okay typical bar food.  The service, however, was really great!  We went here for a staff happy hour.  The manager was very accomodating and our server was on top of it!  I've only come here one other time for lunch so I'm not sure what the evening atmosphere is like, but it seems fun.  We were there on a Friday night from 4pm-6pm and by the time we left, that place was hoppin'! We had a lot of fun and will probably go back, but if we decide to do any awards announcements or anything like that, it will have to be at the beginning because after 5pm, the music is just blasting in that enclosed patio area.
4	Finally, finally had the chance to try this place out!We were seated and waited on promptly. Maybe a little to promptly, with respect to the waiter. He was on us like white on rice, barely giving us any time to look through their giant menu. I think he came by the table 3 times in about 10 minutes before we were ready to order. We ended up with an onion ring appetizer to share. The portion is enormous. The two of us only ate maybe half of it. My friend had the Cobb salad, which looked amazing. It was the first time I had ever seen shrimp on a Cobb salad. Again, the portion was huge. I had the fish tacos, with a side of rice and beans. Three huge tacos later, I was stuffed. They were pretty good and I pretended they weren't terrible for me, since the fish isn't fried :)I'll be back!
2	Don't waste your time dining here. I suggest TGIF or Chili's for better food and service. The steak i ordered was dry and tough (I ordered medium rare). The fries were hard and tasteless. How the heck do you screw up fries???I personally don't care for top-notched service but it is true what yelpers say: customer service here is terrible. We only saw our server twice. 1) to take our order and 2) for the bill. The only few things good about this restaurant are the food is reasonably priced and great atmosphere for sports fans. There are TVs everywhere.
3	Great place to grab a drink and some bar food.
2	Don't expect a tall beer here. They will only serve 32oz beers in miller and blue moon. Why? No reason. I just wanted a big Fat Tire to end my day, but the bartenders insisted it was out of their hands. I hope this gets changed ASAP.
4	They have numerous very good ales from all over . Their happy hour is discounted ales and drinks and appetizers. My favorite item is the lobster dinner on Wednesdays for $14.99. A 1 1/4  lb. lobster with sides. And if you go during happy hour on Wednesdays you can get happy hour drink specials and your lobster meal! Nice!
4	Very good Chinese chicken salad. Lunch specials are really inexpensive. Everyday is a different special.
3	Once, I called ahead to see if we needed reservations, because as it was nearing Super Bowl Sunday, I imagined the crowd of crazy drunk football fans packing the place. Whomever answered the phone said that if we came before 630pm, we'd be fine.As we approach the restaurant and peer inside to gauge the crowd, we noticed there were HOARDS upon HOARDS of 49er fans, prepping for the game that would begin within the hour. Cool, I thought-should be a fun meal. We get there at 6pm, and the host informs us that its a 60 to 90 minute wait time to be seated.Color me PISSED off. For two reasons. One because I called ahead just for that very reason, and because I was extra hungry after smelling whatever was being cooked, while I approached the restaurant. Husband took one look at my face and he didn't even have to ask if I wanted to wait.We gave this place a second chance, because we received gift cards for Christmas. We made sure that football season had wrapped up, and we still arrived before 630pm, because Town Square gets busy during the weekend. This time, we were seated promptly, and our waitress was very attentive. My husband had the insanely large chicken nachos off the appetizers, paired with PBR draft which he mentioned was super cheap but I couldn't tell you-I was too busy drooling over the dessert menu.I had the 35 shrimp scampi. AMAZING. I didn't count if there were actually 35 shrimps, but there were enough that I had a shrimp in every delicious bite. My son had a burger with sweet potato fries. I ended up eating almost all of his fries because they were that good.The dessert we chose was the BOMB. Some kind of peanut buttery, vanilla ice creamed, HOT fudge concoction of pure delight. Music was upbeat and lively, tons of tv screens, mixed crowd, great location. Will be back here to watch a game on a date night, hopefully. Just not during NFL playoffs. =)
2	I got a burger that was ordered medium and was beyond well done. It's a burger, figure it out
2	Make sure you have no plans after dinner at this place.Having the initial greeting from the waiter? FOREVER.Waiting for our drinks? FOREVER.Waiting for our food? FOREVER.Even waiting just to see our waiter pass by? FOREVER.Want a glass of water? 20 MINS Asked for our bill to come? FOREVER.Waiting for the waiter to come back and get the bill? FOREVER AND A DAY!I'm for the most part, a patient person. But this place is too much!! It wasn't like they were understaffed either. There were plenty of employees, so I don't know what their problem was. If you had plans to catch a movie after eating at this place....good luck making it on time.The only reason why I gave 2 stars instead of 1 is because their food is actually decent and fairly priced. But  man, they sure do need to retrain the whole place or something. Come up with a new game plan because however they're running it, is sure not working.
4	My friends and I are quite regulars at this place, coming almost every week for the past year and a half.You can never go wrong with the Zingers (which are very similar to buffalo chicken).  They have daily specials one of my favorite being the $12 full slab of ribs on Mondays!  The menu is very expansive and covers more than the typical bar.  The service here is always friendly, if you want to experience a funny night, make sure you sit in Chris Ross's section!On top of it all Miller's has wonderful desserts, that are very simple, large and well priced.  This place gets really busy on Monday Night Football and big UNLV games, they have several TV's so you always have a lot of sports to watch!
4	This this place is great!  My wife and I were bored and went to town square to do some shopping and we stopped in for a bite to eat. Our server was Farren who was a sweet heart and was on top of everything. The food was really good too, I ordered the fish amd chips andy wife ordered the chicken tossed salad. We both loved our food. For the quality of service and food you get here, this place is dirt cheap. You gotta try it!
4	I like to come here to eat during the weekday during the middle of the day . I was introduced to this place first by an old boss who would be there almost everyday since his office was near by. The nice thing about this place is everyone's happy. You can bring your friends here grab lunch while watching a game and once your done go shop. The great thing is that they do have a Gluten Free menu. It isn't much, but its great that their are options. I wish they would get Gluten Free buns for burgers, but maybe in time they will. The managers are great! All of them! And Tony the General Manager is the nicest guy, very helpful too. Nice place to check out especially if you're into sports.
4	Food is solid here and service is speedy.  Drinks come right away, which is what I want when I hit a bar.  This is an occasional after work spot for some of us who work at Town Square so I love the convenience.  I haven't been for lunch yet (I'd be too tempted to order a 20 oz. beer, which wouldn't be wise with an afternoon of work ahead of me) but I hear the specials are a really good deal so maybe I'll test my willpower one of these days and try it at Noon.  Always busy in here.
3	I went here one night recently with my friends. Its a nice bar to go hang out at and has a great location at townsquare. It's your typical bar but what is great is you can get a large blue moon for only 30 cents more than a regular beer. Since I like blue moon this was great news for me. I also got this huge plate of chicken tacos. It was great for all of us to share and wasn't that expensive. If I'm ever in the mood to hang out and chill at a bar I would consider coming back to Millers.
5	awrsome place.. great for watching games lots of TVs... and lots of fans... had a great time
4	I was so excited to have our team work meeting at Miller's Alehouse, because I heard sooo many great things about the food from my coworker.  She told me the prices were low and the flavor was high.  I was sold :)We were sat in the indoor patio.  I love this space.  The middle focus is the bar, as it should be.  There's weathered looking wood everywhere which shows a very authentic look that I like!  There's dark wicker type lounge furniture in the middle with a fire place for cozy winter nights.  Awesome!Our server was really patient and nice, especially with our challenging 15 person party.  At one point of lunch, one of my coworkers spilled a huge glass of beer.  She took the time to clean everything up, even on the ground.  Even through this frustrating situation, she remained calm and positive.  Loved her!For lunch, I got the Cajun Chicken Pasta for $12.99.  Blackened chicken, mushrooms, scallions and tomatoes tossed with linguini in a spicy alfredo sauce.  The price along got my excited.  That's affordable :)  The chicken was cooked perfectly!  I wish it were  a little more blackened like the picture on the menu but still flavorful.  Love the wild mushrooms and tomato combination and the linguini was plentiful.  This dish was served with two large pieces of garlic toasts.  I loved it!All in all, I had a wonderful time.  I will definitely be back to this place for another meal.  Excited to try something new and of course, drink some beer!!  If you're ever in Townsquare, please come check them up!
1	The food sucks! Nothing is fresh, service is slow. I would just rather go to Yardhouse or one of the other 100 places to eat in Town Square. Def not worth the $$$ or time.
4	Food is good but 7 dollar Miller Light pitchers are even better! I ordered the chicken nachos and they were enough for the entire table! They were delicious! The Zingers are delicious and have the right amount of spice and crunch to them.
2	Came in today on my lunch break to grab a quick bite to eat with my husband.  When we walked in, he was carrying a soda bottle he hadn't finished but did not want to leave in his car in the 106 degree heat.  The hostess immediately told him he needed to put it in the bag he was carrying because sometimes people smuggle alcohol into the restaurant.  Really??  We told her we would be happy to go to a different restaurant if it was going to be a problem.  We decided to be seated because I only have an hour for lunch and it would have taken at least 10 minutes to get to another place in Town Square and get seated.  We explained to our waiter (great guy, but I didn't catch his name) how upsetting it was, and he called over the manager.The manager again tried to tell us some kids had smuggled in cups with alcohol. I DO NOT CARE.  It clearly doesn't pertain to 2 adults eating lunch on a Wednesday afternoon.  We were buying lunch and drinks, so I can't imagine why they would feel it was a relevant conversation to have with us.  We asked him if they were going to tell anyone with a water bottle they had to leave it outside in the 100 degree heat of Las Vegas.  It was ridiculous.  10 hours later and I'm still furious about it.I typically enjoy eating here, but I won't be back.  Big kudos to our waiter, who was pretty awesome and dealt with a seriously upset table behind us who sent the lobster special back twice.  He's the only reason I am leaving 2 stars instead of 1.Seriously, Miller's, find ways to make people feel welcome in your restaurant.  Big fail.
4	Came here for lunch with my bf keith. The service was good very friendly. Nika was great. Had a tossed salad an for some reason they started putting yard clippings in it aka spring mix, but it was Good. The zinger tacos were fantastic. Love the taco holders. All in all a great meal...
4	I like this bar for what it is. Usually friendly service, ok food, drink specials. Also, they show the ppv ufc fights, for a $10 cover. The crab legs are a pretty good deal.I haven't tried much else for food. The prime Rib sandwich was ok. They have pretty great drink specials.
2	It's been a while since we've been here. Food was not as good as it use to be. Service was slow. Drinks are still cheap, that'd be the only thing that would bring me back
2	I had dinner tonight with my wife and 2 daughters and overall we were disappointed. Service was excellent. Our waitress was positive, perky and attentive. Ambiance was good. The music was a bit too loud. Our waitress had a hard time hearing us when she took our order. The food fell flat. One of kids and my wife had the veggie burger. First, the very honest lady that brought the food out was unsure if it was a turkey burger or veggie patty. According to her they both looked the same. The patties had NO, NONE, ZERO, ZILTCH for seasoning. My other girl had the British Burger and enjoyed it. I had the 12oz New York Strip. No seasoning at all. Worst of all, it looked like crap. The yellow lights over every table made the veggie burgers and the steak look completely jaundiced. I couldn't tell if it was prepared as I asked, medium-rare. At least not till I used my cell as a flashlight and saw how over cooked it was. Also the fries were obviously freezer burned and the mozzarella sticks were about as good as what I get from Costco and reheat at home. One last nit-pic. We ordered a pitcher of Sangria and I was asked if I wanted it made with red or white wine. There is no such thing as sangria made with white wine. And sangria is more than wine and fruit juice with an orange wedge tossed in. My expectations were not sky high but I expected better.
4	Good food! The zingers are my husbands favorite! Plus they have Blue Moon, which is definitely a plus!!!
4	I like this place it's a nice place to take out of town visitors since your right at Town Square and their menu has a good variety and the food is good and the service is friendly.
1	I hate to be so negative, but this was one of the worst restaurants we've ever been to.  We ordered the famous chicken nachos, but honestly Taco Bell's are better.  My husband, who will eat anything couldn't eat his Philly Cheesesteak because it was just too gross.  Luckily they took it off our bill.  My ribs were so dry and stringy and my daughter's Chicken Parmesan pasta was so burnt under the cheese and sauce that the breading was black!  She is sick n bed because of it. My other daughter's crab legs were OK and the ice cream pie was delicious.  There are so many other better restaurants in Vegas (we live here) that I feel like a fool for believing any good reviews and spending $100 for 4 of us to eat this badly.
3	post movie at AMC, the gf, my daughter and I were hungry.  We had about an hour or so before we picked up my daughter's boyfriend from the airport so we decided on a late night snack and pick up dinner for him.  It was late in the evening so we figured either Yardhouse or Miller's - since we've never been to Miller's, time to give them a try.The place is much larger than I thought it would be.  Surprisingly, place was very busy with what appeared to be a night club feel even though no dj/dance floor.  It's definitely set up for the sports crowd - I assume primarily for NFL gamesWe garnered a table near the bar and was humored with overhearing the BS of pick up lines by men ( and women ) through out our meal.The gf was trying to be a good girl - ordered a side salad.  Daughter ordered the lobster bisque.  I ordered chicken fingers ( they have a cool name for them but the name escapes me ) and some sliders.  Given the heat, I opted for a Leinenkugel Summer Shanty.  later I tried the other Leinnie summer selection ( has a citrus-y flavor as opposed to the berry hint in the shanty )The lobster bisque was subpar - tasted like cheese soup with a tablespoon of lobster nestled on top.  The server noticed my daughters disappointment and offered to replace the soup with another selection - she opted for the clam chowder.  The chowder was much better.The sliders were decent;  the chicken fingers/strips were very tasty - the girlfriend tried one and that transformed her from "rabbit mode" to "rabid mode" - she then ordered two desserts ( pics included )  - Some sort of ice cream cake with peanut butter/fudge and a nutter butter crust.  she also ordered chocolate cake.  She loved the peanut butter thingy - it did little for me and the chocolate cake was very average.  While eating the dessert it pissed me off - if I had known she was going to turn dessert crazy I would've made the walk to the Meatball Spot for their ice cream sammies ( assuming they were open ) Overall, Millers is ok - it's basically a mega sized sports bar which is ok by me.I might return
3	Meh.  Food was ok, I had a tuna melt.  It is open faced, kinda awkward to eat but tasted good.  Lagunitas IPA on tap; best thing about this place.Also pick a theme.  Football players and fish on the walls, baseball themed names for the bathrooms and servers are wearing tennis wrist bands.
3	My  family and I went back today to try this place again.  The "Zingers" were very good and the crab dinner once again didn't disappoint.  My daughter and I each had salads (the Zinger salad and the steak salad.). They were both good, although really needed more dressing.  The ice cream pie again was delicious and the brownie sundae was crazy huge.  No table could finish that much dessert.  The only things that need work are the French onion soup which was too salty and over cooked, and the onion rings which I am sure come frozen and then fried so that they do not taste fresh nor crisp.  Overall it is a chain bar restaurant and not fancy, creative dining.  Stick to their drinks, which look delicious.
4	The steak salad was good and big,. Bothe the steak and Philly steak sandwich were quite tasty. Good price for a good portion of food. I am from Cali, so LV is the closest but hey it's only a 45 minute flight!!
5	Miller's Alehouse have a very extensive menu. You're bound to find something to eat here if you're not craving for anything in particular. If not, I would suggest going with their famous Zingers, which is boneless chicken wings. Sounds plain, boring and normal right? Wrong! The way they make these are different from your average joe boneless wings. The amount of crispiness and flavoring is JUST right. My boyfriend and I chose their Garlic Parmesan flavoring. Damn...writing this is making me crave for some right now.For our entrees, we got the Chicken Parmesan and Jambalaya. Both were very very delicious. This restaurant did not disappoint at all. I will def be back here...and soon. I like the menu on their website because it actually lists PRICES!!!!! Oh. my. goodness! Granted, as listed, their prices may vary between locations but at least you get a jist of how much your bill will run you...give or take a few bucks. I hate it when restaurants lists their menu but no prices are to be found. THAT...is useless. It gets EXTREMELY EXTREMELY busy, loud and packed with people with a big game is on. Or any type of sports game as a matter of fact. Miller's Alehouse is great for parties, a fun night out, catch up with your friends day etc.... BUT...I wouldn't recommend coming here on a first date or any business related meetings (because this place can get pretty loud).
3	I live in the Vegas Valley and have enjoyed both lunches and dinner at Millers.    The beer choices are great and the menu has something for everybody.  Now for the rub, having enjoyed quite a few meals there, I invited friends from out of town to share an evening of dining and shopping.   I told them Millers Ale House was a good choice.   We arrived and there was a bouncer at the door he stopped us and informed us that there was a cover charge.  I asked him why and he stated it was for the UFC fight.  I told him we were not there to watch  a UFC fight, we were there  to dine and drink for dinner.   I cannot recall the exact charge but regardless, they would not let us in to eat unless we paid for a UFC fight that we did not want to see.  So my problem with this place is an obvious identity crisis.  They did a great job marketing themselves for dining and drinks now they want to charge a cover to watch a UFC fight that myself or my group could care less about.  I watched as several other customers left disappointed because they just wanted to dine as well.  I had no idea that Millers Ale House was a venue for UFC fight broadcasts.  So if this is they're business model, count me out.  I do not follow UFC and I am certainly not going to take a chance that another UFC fight is going to exclude me from dining at Millers.  Too bad, because they accomplished building a repeat customer base only to alienate and exclude them from coming back to dine.  I think you are either a restaurant/bar or you are a club that charges for entry.  But you can't be both.
4	Mmmmmmm is probably the best way to describe the ale house.  This was our last dinner in Vegas and thought to do it off strip ( not far though ) and it was a fantastic idea. There was a huge variety of offerings from simple burgers and wings to lobster and crab legs.  We had a bit of everything and all were great and to top it off dessert was excellent. We did enjoy the pitcher of margarita for $10, but I'm sure they shorted us on the tequila. Prices were reasonable and they were raffling off prizes (NFL jerseys, flat screen TVs, etc.) the night we were there.Service was as strong as I had experienced on our trip. I would recommend this place for any occasion.
3	Not too shabby.  There were TVs everywhere and it was basically TNTC (too numerous to count); totally diggin' on that.  Since football season is upon us, it was basically one football fest in there.  Servers were wearing jerseys from their favorite NFL teams and everything was football'd out.  I assume it's the same way during every season for whatever sport is on at the time.  The only thing I didn't like was the fact that the server didn't advertise any drink specials during happy hour?? Not even sure if they have any happy hour specials so I'll give the BoTD.  Food was alright but nothing to write home about...However, I'd give it another go sometime so stay tuned, I guess..
4	I have to be honest and keep an open mind cause I saw a yelp average of 3 stars. But the food I ordered tasted good, and that should be first and foremost. Experience was good as well. Burgers tasted great, and my wife said shrimp scampi was delicious. Despite busy Sat lunch hour, service was excellent, and prompt.
1	I used to love this place.  Now it's pretty ridiculous.  I've been a bartender/server for 18 years and I've never seen such a cluster of poor employees in my life.  First off waiting over 10 mins for drinks at a bar with two bartenders and 3 people sitting at the bar is a bit absurd.  Then when you order a common shot (surfer on acid) and neither bartender knows how to make it without a drink rolodex, it's sad.  It just demonstrates how poor managment has become and how little they care about the quality of their product and satisfaction of their guests.
4	I've been here quite a few times, the service is good the food is good.. Keeps us coming back! (: the calamari is yummy too!!
5	New to the area and stumbled across this place for dinner one night. And I'm so glad I did!!!!! It was a Wednesday and they were offering 12.95 whole Lobster, what a great deal! Can't wait to back tonight and enjoy a wonderful affordable lobster dinner. Great beer selection too.
4	Went here to watch the UFC fights last weekend. The place was pretty crowded, but we were seated within 10 minutes. No cover charge for the pay per view was nice too. The food was great, the service was great, and the prices for everything were very reasonable! PS- We returned here the following Monday afternoon to kill some time with out of town friends that were waiting to fly back home. Same great food, no crowd, and the "Happy Hour" prices were super cheap!
4	I can't speak much for the food as all we had were onion rings (gf thought they tasted slightly off, I was drunk and thought they were good)... But the drinks are extremely reasonable for a restaurant/bar.  The bartender Kristina (?) was awesome, just the right touch of joking around mixed with a little touch of friendly attitude.  Definitely see myself going back, as mentioned before tons of tvs and seems like a great place to watch a game
1	We waited for almost 15 minutes before the bartender even acknowledged we were there. Then she said she would be with us shortly and then preceded to talk to other customers for an additional 10 minutes before we decided I leave without ordering anything.
1	Got refused at the door because we weren't here to watch a fight. Bad business - only one star because you have to.
4	right when we got in we were greeted and asked if the tall seating area is ok. we said yes weren't picky. our waiter was super friendly while she was training another worker and introduce us to her too. she told us about their daily specials which was a whole maine lobster with a side and salad for 12.95 deal. that sounds really good but i ended up getting the zinger salad with garlic parmesan flavor and ranch dressing. when my entree came the zinger (chicken fingers) were kinda bland. i wish there was more garlic parmesan on it. salad was fresh and crunchy. the place was clean and staff was friendly.
4	great sports bar and great food service was terrific!
5	Very surprised! This is a gigantic restaurant, and usually large restaurants go hand in hand with slow service and mediocre food, but this restaurant was different! The food was excellent, the service was great, they have tons of beer on tap, and the atmosphere was nice.  We will be back for sure.
4	Finally writing a review, after several consecutive weeks of coming for football on Sunday.  This review mostly focuses on Sunday football stuff, be forewarned :)I had a bar where I watched ALL of the games on Sunday, and unfortunately it closed right after football season (RIP, MVPs..), so the summer was spent 'auditioning' bars for football watching on Sundays.  Requirements: Sunday ticket, show every single game, good crowd, good specials.  After a failed first week of the season, the BF and I decided to give Millers a try, and we've been faithful ever since.The specials:  There is a BREAKFAST MENU!  There's nothing better than being able to start watching football at 10am with a breakfast sandwich instead of wings or a burger.  We can eat an egg sandwich and drink water until I feel it's appropriate to start drinking beers (usually 11am, I'm maturing with age..used to start at 9:30 on Sundays!)  For beers, there are great beer specials - 2 for $3 PBR cans (new favorite), $7 pitchers of Miller Lt/64, and so forth.  Only downside is no afternoon food specials, although I do have to argue that ALL of their food is special (LOVE: fish and chips, french onion soup, sampler platter.  Surprisingly allergic to the zingers, but I've heard they're delicious as well)The football:  THERE ARE SO MANY TVS!  Seriously, for the ADD among us, this place is heaven - there are tvs on every single wall, and if you place yourself strategically you can see almost all of the games that are on TV at any given time. Perfect for fantasy football addicts like myself.  They also have a map ready of all of the TVs - where each game will be broadcast for the morning and afternoon games, plus which games will have sound (indoor and outdoor, each have a different game with sound.)  Outdoor bar is perfect this time of year - all of the windows are open, and the morning temperature is perfect.  The service:  Hit and miss.  Sometimes we get great service, sometimes we get meh service.  It's hard to tell which servers are football fans and which just bought the jersey for work purposes.  All in all the service flows well for the amount of people in the bar, and we tip accordingly (since we're usually there all.damn.day)The ambiance:  (this is getting long, excuse my wordiness!)  I'm mostly in love with the amount and diversity of football fans here.  There are representatives for every team (except the Jaguars right now..sorry guys) and mostly people are very respectful even when their teams are playing each other.  It's a great crowd, and it's really exhilarating to listen to everyone cheer for their tv's constantly.  Super fun times for Sunday football, delicious food the rest of the time, and great specials.  Also, lobster on Wednesday for cheap!  I like everything about this place, just wish it was a shorter drive from my house!
3	Great place to watch the games and have a cold one with the boys. Tv's everywhere, cute waitresses, plenty of beer options on Tap and bottle, and good food. Try the zingers!
2	Having some Kona Longboard Beer and some... "zingers" ?? More later....So i have been to Miller's a coupe of time over the years.. never has it been great, and as of late it has gotten so slow on service and quality of everything in there that I just can't bring myself to spend any more money there.
5	I really enjoyed their service and food. They seated us immediately, the server was extremely nice and gave us wonderful selections since it was our first time there, the food came fairly quickly and was hot. They checked on us periodically to ensure we enjoyed the food. It was awesome from beginning to end! Definitely a new hot spot for me!
4	I've been a fan of Miller's Ale House since I lived in Orlando, FL.  We frequented the Orlando Ale House quite a bit so when I saw the announcement that they were opening one in Las Vegas, I was pretty happy!  There are two area in the restaurant, the main dining room and the patio.  To sit in the main dining room, you need to be seated by the hostess.  The patio is first come first serve!  They do take reservations if you have a larger party and have no issue in accommodating larger parties. We love sitting on the patio since they can open the windows on the nicer days.The Ale House is know for its Zingers and Seafood.  Zingers are the "tender " located under the chicken breast.  They are battered and fried then tossed in a sauce of your choice.  You can eat your zingers plain or on almost anything, French fries, quesadilla, salads. The menu is quite large with other options as well!  Every time I come here I choose something different or go with the Zingers.  Their daily specials are always a great deal too, they have both lunch and dinner specials.  Here are a few examples of the dinner specials Monday's you can get a full rack of ribs with a side and coleslaw for $10.99 or Zingers for $5!  Wednesday's you can get a full lobster with a side and coleslaw for $12.99.  They have a full bar and you can find drink specials at anytime of the day and any day of the week.They offer take out from the bar which is a nice feature!I know I will be back in the near future!
3	Mediocre theme restaurant/bar.  Went for Monday night football with a friend.  There weren't many places to sit and we ended up at a table with a great view of the bathrooms.The Sam Adams beer on special was completely average.  The zingers were pretty good.  My friend ordered the ribs and he really enjoyed them.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  My only issue with the service was that the staff kept trying to take our plates away when they still had food on them, and tried to remove beer glasses when there was a few ounces remaining in the glass.  I get that they're under orders from management to keep the tables clean, but we were there to watch football and relax while eating and drinking some beer.  It was irritating that someone came by to try to clear the table every 2 mins.  The server needs to communicate better with the bussers and food runners.  I may come back but not before checking out other bars.
4	Surprised that I had a great first time at this place, they had $5 pitchers, reasonably priced appetizers that could have been a full meal. I've passed by a bunch of times in the past and its always packed, the downside of course is the wait, I recommend calling ahead for a table, especially on a big fight or game night, since I waited an hour for a fight on Saturday night. There's lots of seating and TV's everywhere. The have a full bar w/ a few domestic selections on draft. This is both a friends and family hang out. The service is decent. Expect a very noisy environment.
1	Came here with some friends to watch football on Sun.  We sat in the patio bar area which is separated from the restaurant by a sliding glass door.  During the games you can imagine there is some profanity being used, since there was a kid in the bar area, several people were asked to leave due to using profanity.  I understand we should all watch ourselves when there are little ones around, but is it really appropriate to have a kid in the bar area during football games?  There were plenty of dining tables in the restaraunt area which seemed to be more of a family friendly environment.  When 1/2 of our party was asked to leave, I told our server to cancel our order since we were getting kicked out.  A few minutes later, a food runner brings out our food so I just decide to eat it since I've already had a couple beers and didn't mind having greasy food into stomach.  I stopped focusing on the games and started noticing several tables were asked to leave, another table was losing patience waiting for their check, another table walked out without receiving their check, just poor management.  My team won which was good, but the whole experience put a damper on my Sunday Funday.  *not sure why it was so busy here, you can get much better service and same quality of food at several different chains in LV.  I've been to plenty of bars during football Sunday and I don't think Millers was rowdy at all.  I don't think the 3 parties should have gotten kicked out.
1	I have a gluten allergy, not gluten friendly. I just wanted to order the burger pattie and bacon and the server was informed by their manager that they will have to charge me for the entire burger but I am not wanting the lettuce, tomato, pickle, cheese, and fries. Why do I have to pay the full price?!
2	Every time my group of friends go to Millers we sit down and then get up 5/10min later to get our own beers because the service sucks so bad then about 30min after that we all decide to go eat somewhere else because we still have test to be asked what we want to eat. So it's a good place to go grab a pre dinner drink at the bar but don't bother going there to eat dinner.
4	We have eaten here about 10 times and never disappointed. The Zingers are sooo good! You can bring your children, they have good pizza also. Place gets packed around sport events and it is a fun environment for adults. We have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table. The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is the service, it can be hit or miss.
3	Ive only been here twice, once for a work holiday party and once for lunch.  The food that I ordered for lunch was pretty simple (basiclaly just chicken Fingers) but they were cooked very well and the sauce had good flavor.  I ordered the fingers hot and also ordered a side of Zesty Garlic sauce.  The Garlic sauce was very good on top of the hot sauce.  We also ordered the spicy Nacho plate which was pretty good.  Service was overall pretty good although nothing too special.  My complaint would be I feel like prices are a little expensive compared to places with similar menu options.  Not too high, but probably looking at a few bucks extra per plate.
3	Food is good and is a ok place to hang out. I've been there several times but actually got in only twice. They seem to have little space for a family or friends of 4 to sit and hang out. It's always full. Sounds good right but actually I think it's because they have a lot if tv's within the eating areas abc people just sit around watching tv.
4	So I just happened to be around here and saw that this place isn't offered where I am from. Overall it has an outback steackhouse feel along with he menu. I ordered the Philly cheese steak which was not bad by any means, but didn't leave me speechless. Definitely hit the spot and was very filling. Our waitress was really friendly and helped me with everything I needed such as a different soup and condiments. Oh and tons of TVs to watch the game and great beers on tap. The fourth star is for the really good waitress.
1	Gave this place a chance when it first opened on a weekday afternoon. Never greeted , sat ourselves then  neglected even by a manager watching sports behind the bar. Went back 2 weeks ago, things have gotten worse! Saturday night 8 pm two guys at hostess stand ignored us as we entered. One guy finally got the hint we wanted a table so we sat down and waited 8 mins for a server to say hi & get out our drink order. Pretty sure our waitress was brand new there, which is fine, she was efficient enough and the calamari was awesome. I still Felt like every new patron got brushed off by the 2 gentlemen hosts (who were VERY relaxed chatting it up about hot chicks) like they were doormen at a club or something as I sat facing the door the whole time. We were not asked  if we wanted desert or anything else for that matter and we  kinda felt rushed as the check was dropped and a quick goodbye was said. This place needs a new greeting policy definitely. But it looks like they arent worried.....
4	Made reservations for 14 people for a Birthday party a couple days ahead.  Day of the party there was a small misunderstanding that Jerry the manger promptly look care of. He is a very nice guy and understood that great service makes the customers happy. We had a great server her name is Robin. With 14 people you would think that the  service would be a little slow, but it wasn't.  It was real good. She even gave us separate checks. I had the Seafood Combination plate. Very good and the plate was huge. All the plates were huge and the price is reasonable. The birthday boy got a free hot fudge brownie with ice creame. We had a very good time and will come back soon. We were watching the LA Kings on 23 flat panel screens. Love this place.
2	We decided to try this place tonight and a total FAIL.  We stopped in to get some food as we were hungry and ordered some wings and I wanted the Prime Rib special which they were out of but said they had a ribeye as a substitute for the same price.As for the wings, if you like EXTREMELY breaded and almost over fried wings you will love these.   We ordered the garlic parmesan and they were just a breaded mess.  There was no garlic taste, the kitchen was very stingy on the parmesan.  They really tasted like a breaded mess with no garlic and very little parmesan.As for the ribeye, the quality was VERY VERY poor, it was over cooked and there was NO tenderness at all.  A good ribeye was fatty and juicy, this was a dry, overcooked tuff tasting piece of meat.  I guess for being a sports bar type place, the quality of the food they get is not of a high priority.  I guess when people mostly young crowd are there to drink, they don't care about quality and this place definitely supports their lack of desire for quality.This is a place we WILL NOT be back too.  It is very sad to write a bad review, but they unfortunately earned it.....Oh and on the wings, they do offer grilled versus breaded, but don't expect the server to share that information with you at the time of your order.  That information is shared ONLY if you ask.  I guess they expect customers to know the menu and what they have to offer without being informed..
1	This review is based on two separate visits and both included just awful service. The first visit was on a Monday night at the bar, where the bartender took our food and drink order... and then was never heard of again. I mean literally, she and two others must have walked past me and my friend at least 10-15 times with not one word said until I stopped another random bartender for the bill.Second visit was earlier today, a Sunday during the afternoon football games. I went to the podium, they asked me what game I wanted to watch, and they sat me in the area that they said would be playing the game. Of course, the game isn't playing and I missed the entire 1st quarter of it before one of the TV's was finally changed to that game, along with the waitress doing the same thing that happened my first visit: taking the order to never be seen again.I feel it should also be mentioned that the table next to mine, as I was seated, waited a good 20 minutes before receiving their check and looked very disappointed. I jokingly asked them if they ever had a waitress, to which one of them said "We thought we did." The food is average by the way, nothing special to talk about. The chances of me coming back here are worse than one in a million... and no, I'm not saying there's chance ;)
5	Awesome lunch specials as well as happy hours! I usually stop by here with coworkers to watch football games and always liked the reasonable price of meals here. There are a number of restaurants that have come and gone
3	My husband & I started going to Miller's Ale House to watch the UFC Fights and were very pleased at the menu selections and service we initially enjoyed. We usually sit in the backroom bar area as it's not as stuffy & crazy as the main bar/restaurant area. During our first few visits we were impressed with the service and food. The servers were really friendly and attentive and the food was really good. I've tried the fish tacos, steak and my favorite~ the raw oysters (not sure how or why but they seem fresher than some I've had at expensive steakhouses). The pizza is pretty good too. There are lots of other items I'd love to try as they have a very extensive menu~ certainly not your typical bar-food fare. Of late though, even though we get to Miller's early on fight nights to get a good seat, the service has been very disappointing & I've had to repeatedly flag a server down even though it's still early in the evening and the bar area isn't busy. Several times we've felt like we were in a "black hole" as servers would pass us by, ignore us or tell us they would send someone over. And just this past weekend, once we arrived, we were told that the entire back bar area had been reserved for a private party so in order to watch the UFC Fight we'd have to sit in the main restaurant area which was already packed with people watching other sporting events. Needless to say we opted to go home and watch the fight on pay-per-view. The food is good--lots of items to choose from & good portions but the service needs improvement. We'll probably give it another try come the next UFC Fight as it's a great place to watch sporting events. Hopefully the service will improve!
1	I used to come here to watch the game for cheap drinks and food I wouldn't give to a stray dog on streets "Seriously really bad food". I can honestly say that I'll never come back to this place again got kicked out for using a curse word at the bar.. Nice way to chase away customers by letting kids run the place.
1	Been here a few times and it's a clicky place. If you're not best friends with the bartender the don't even bother. Not to mention, I've seen the over zealous bouncers step way beyond there means multiple times in a single night. Saw them get arrested tonight which sparked this review. Never going back.
1	If I could give a zero I would.  I don't recommend this place to anyone.  We went there for an event.  After the event to be thrown out like criminals just because we walked back into the room where our event took place.  The bouncers there have no right to be putting there hands on a female nor a male.  Both of us have bruises from this incident that took place.  I have never been so embarrassed in public. The manager was even worse he didn't want to even talk to us.  I wish metro would have been called and to show them the video tape.  NEVER EVER will we be back in this place.
2	I have been here a few times already, but honestly don't know why I keep coming back. Mainly for the convenience I think. Located across from Fry's, it is freestanding and has its own parking area. Hey, sometimes when you are hungry or don't have too much time, dining here would be a better option because you don't have to fight for parking or fight the crowds in the mall.The food could really use some work. The only thing I actually enjoyed here was the Ale House Loaded Fries. Can't go wrong with french fries topped with cheese and bacon! The BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich was horrible. The bread was soggy, the pork was dry and I could not even taste any sauce. Recently, I tried their Philly Cheese Steak Sliders and was disappointed again. The meat was dry and overly salty. There were 4 sliders, but I only ate 2.Service is alright. The servers are never very friendly, but have always been attentive. The cooks on the other hand, need some serious help. Once I ordered sweet potato fries, but they gave me regular fries instead. Another time, I asked for no onions, but the cooks failed to notify our server beforehand that the onions were already pre-mixed with the meat. She was told when the dish was ready to serve. She apologized a few times and said that she could put in a "rush" order for me if I wanted something else. I told her that it wasn't her fault and luckily, the onions were cut in big pieces, making them easy to pick out. I think the only other good thing they have going (other than the location) is that this is a good place to watch sports. Flat screen TVs are everywhere and you can watch different games going on at the same time. Now, if only they could work on serving better food.....
3	How has it seriously taken me two years to visit this place? I came on fight night, George St. Pierre vs. Hendricks, it was PACKED. The place is nice but the service is really slow. I understand it taking a while to get a drink when the place is near capacity but after the fight was over and the place cleared out, the bartenders still seemed really overwhelmed and it still took a good 15-20 minutes to get a drink. I haven't had the food here but the prices here are super reasonable and definitely a locals spot!
5	I first tried this place in Florida, I fell in love with this place!  They have great beer and drinks, and the food is delicious.  Whenever I am in Vegas or Florida, I'm sure to stop by the ale house.  You must try the blackened turkey burger when u go here, u won't be disappointed.
3	If you want to watch any type of sporting event on television and drink a beer, come here! It can get really loud in here though.This place is located in Town Square's  shopping area that is right off The Las Vegas Strip. I believe the building itself is standalone.Parking is everywhere but when Town Square is busy, parking can be sparse which is hard to believe because there are parking spaces everywhere. There are garages if you want to park you're vehicle out of the sun.When you walk in the restaurant, you are greeted by a host/hostess that will either seat you or take your name to wait for a table.There is no lack of televisions in this joint and you can ask them to change the channel to your game of choice.Service is usually pretty good, depends on if the restaurant is busy or not.The food is typically pretty good for me but I seem to get items that you can't mess up too easily (salads). A couple of other people that I come with do not have the same luck. Theirs has come out dry, too salty and not hot.This used to be a go-to spot when I came back to visit Vegas (used to be a local) but since we come with people that have not had the greatest food experiences here, we tend to try something else unfortunately.I'm sure I'll be back if it is just myself and I make sure to only order a salad.
3	OMG, have you seen the chicken nachos at this place?!  They are huge, and, according to the manager, they are 5,000 calories!  We did not have them, though.  We just saw numerous orders pass our table throughout the afternoon when we were there to watch the 49ers beat the Seahawks--yes!  Located in Town Square, Miller's Alehouse is a great place to watch sports since you're surrounded by TVs.  Service is great and it's non-smoking!  I had the chicken fajitas and a bowl of lobster bisque, which were both satisfying, although the bisque was not as hot as I would have liked.  I appreciate the fact that they offer up a light menu even though I didn't order from it this time; it's good to know for the next time, and there will be a next time, I'm sure.
2	Go here every so often in the past and have had good food. Tonight that all changed food was horrible to the point I hope I don't get sick. Service was bad and you could hardly hear what the waitress was saying. Going to have to rethink this one before we go back.
2	Terrible food!  I've tried three different entrees and they were all bad.  But it's a good spot to hangout and drink   Drinks are cheap and there is a large seating area for large groups.  Eat before you come!!0 stars for food4 for barAverage: 2
4	I have to say...I am a fan of Miller's Alehouse.  But I'm only a fan since it's a great place to catch the game and there's enough of a selection for everyone on the menu.  When you go to most places to watch a game, you're stuck with your usual bar type food.  Miller's has all the fried foods, burgers, and nachos if that's your thing.  However, Miller's also has other options from fajitas, soups, salads, and steak.  Even though they were known for their super-sized nachos, we didn't partake in any of it during our most recent visit.  I've had it before and they are pretty damn good.  They're perfect to share with a group if you're not counting your calories. I ended up with a bowl of chili and a steak/chicken fajita combo.  Both meals were decent, nothing spectacular.  But I'm still giving Miller's Alehouse 4 stars because I see myself coming back one day to watch the game.  YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (499/500)
4	I was visiting from out of town. Watched UFC there last night, it was absolutely packed.  They should have charged a cover, but they didn't.  We stood for the first few fights, and when the private patio opened up, the manager let us get first choice of seats on the couch for the last three fights. Despite the crowd, the waitress and security were very professional and kept drinks flowing.  Despite the way over capacity, the waitresses kept smiling the whole night. I seriously think the bouncers at this joint had the hardest and scariest job in Vegas that night. There were a lot of very big and scary looking dudes in the bar that night, but the bouncers kept smiling and made sure all was good and safe.Nothing to spectacular abut the bar, really a 3 star bar, but the professionalism of the staff there on such a crazy nigh made it a 4 star.
2	We gave it another try--got to Miller's early to get a good seat to watch UFC 168 and although the service was better this time it was way over packed! Wall to wall people who thought that it was okay that since they arrived late, they could stand in front of those already seated to watch the fight not caring if they were blocking someone's view. Unbelievably rude people. And I am sure if the fire marshal ever showed up during these fights Miller's would be fined as there is no way that many people should be shoved into that amount of space. Needless to say, next fight we'll find somewhere else or watch it in the comfort of our own home.
2	I had been wanting to come to Miller's for some time, but never found myself near Town Square when I was having a couple beers.  I finally went when a friend and I were seeing a show at Stoney's and decided to watch football at Miller's beforehand.  I did not eat, so this review is not about the food, strictly the bar area.  I was VERY underwhelmed with Miller's.  If you call yourself an "Alehouse," I would expect a much larger (and more diverse) selection of beers.  The selection was very basic.  They did have Stone IPA and a couple seasonal beers, but other than that it was the usual suspects, 90% of which are probably available at your local Applebee's.  I found the prices to be commensurate with other places in Town Square, which is to say they are too high for what you get.  The bar area is large and there were a few TVs, so I would imagine every seat in the place had at least a decent view of a TV.  We sat at the bar, so we had one right in front of us.  Service was decent enough.  Friendly, but a few times we had to try to flag people down for refills.  Like I said, I didn't eat anything, but given how underwhelming the bar was, I doubt I return.
2	Came here to kill some time and grab a quick drink before our movie... Upon arriving there was no one to greet us for a while and then when we were finally sat at table we again had to wait for someone to come... It seemed as though no one was coming any time soon so we told the hostess we were just going to move and sit at the bar... Well even at the bar we had to wait longer than we should have... I don't mind waiting but at least let your guests know that you'll be with them in a few... Don't just keep making eye contact without saying anything when it is not even that busy. Oh well, at least my Leinenkugel was only $4...
5	You have a view of a t.v no matter where you sit! Great food, and fantastic environment. My personal favorite is their seafood mac and cheese.
2	After more than a year of curiosity, I tried this place for the first time last week. There was a big playoff game so I figured it was a good a time as any. If you like sports, this is a great place to watch the game! While this restaurant has a sports bar atmosphere, it is NOT SMOKY AT ALL and NO SMOKING IS ALLOWED inside. We saw lots of families dining here so it's an a-ok place to bring the kids if you have 'em.I did love the atmosphere here. The servers all wear team jerseys, or at least they were on the day of my visit. I do not like football but when you are watching a live game surrounded by hoards of cheering fans, it's hard NOT to get into the spirit of things. My husband on the other hand was super happy to be able to keep his eyes glued to the game -- this place has tons of televisions everywhere you look so everybody has a great view. There's even live coverage on the speakers in the restrooms. So if you have someone in your party who loves sports, take them here because if you don't like sports, you can still eat and drink and have a fun time.Unfortunately, the sports bar atmosphere was the only thing this place had going for it. That and the chicken zingers. The chicken zingers are really fresh, tasty and worth their $10 price tag. They are very thin breast meat chicken strips, breaded and fried before being tossed with your choice of inventive sauces. I'll give Miller's Ale House that, these things are good. The service and food was abysmal. Our awkward server was just, well, BIZARRE. We told him it was our first time here and he started almost arguing with me, saying that he knew he had seen me in here before. Um, okay dude, I swear it was my first time here. He also hovered around our booth to the point where we started to have uncomfortable silences. We had some questions about the menu so he answered them and gave way too much information, down to the point where he said "we don't get too many complaints on that one, but stay away from the fish, I got sick from the mushrooms, etc." WTF?After his tremendous vote of confidence, I decided to go with something safe for a sports bar style restaurant -- a bacon cheeseburger. Hubby did the same. Wow, were we way off! The burgers were terrible! I took a bite and said "this is like a bad version of Carl's Jr.'s six dollar burger." More like meatloaf, this overdone piece of ground beef was just plain bad. Both of our burgers were overcooked, flavorless and were obviously comprised of very poor quality ingredients. I opted for veggies as my side instead of fries and they brought me ho-hum frozen green beans. They were an obvious afterthought and were flavorless. Hubby had the side salad and I snuck a bite -- we both agreed this was good. If I ever have to dine here again, I think I'd order the salad topped with the chicken zingers.We had to wait forever for refills and our check. The place got packed but even when it was empty our server was bad. The restaurant itself is huge with ample seating both indoors and outside. They have a nice outdoor patio with fire pits. The bar area is huge but some of the tables are long and tall so you'll have to sit on a stool and share with strangers. The dining area has nice, big wooden booths but there's no padding which means a massive amount of "butt hurt" if you sit more than an hour. I'm not really a fan of this place. I might decide to give it another try in the future, but I'm not in any hurry to return.
4	I come here a lot with my friends because it's a nice, chill bar with decent food and does not smell like smoke. It's centrally located between my friends and I - right in town square. It's nice for if you wanna do some shopping before hand or bar hop around afterwards. We usually spend hours here and the servers are always checking in on us to make sure we are okay. My mom and I used to come here on Wednesdays because they had the lobster special. If they still have it, go early because we went for dinner once and they ran out. One of my favorite food items here is the zinger melt because it's a huge portion! It's definitely a good snack to have alongside a nice cold beer with some friends. The only real complaint I have from this place was that last time I was there, they sat us in the dining area which was fine but the waiter for this area was not very attentive at all. I arrived a little later than my friends and sat there for over 20 minutes without seeing him in sight. I got tired of waiting so just walked over to the bar to get my drink. Also, when the dining area was closing, the waiter just handed us the bill without a warning us that they were closing the area. He didn't mention anything about relocating to the bar area... just gave us the bill and walked away. It wasn't a big deal, just a little annoying.
2	This is a good sized sports bar/ale house.  It is located near the southern end of the shopping center.We were sat right away and the staff seemed friendly.  Our server, however, was clearly overwhelmed.  We had to request drinks multiple times in a few instances to get what we ordered.  There was only one beer menu available.  Not a deal breaker, but quite inconvenient.I ate some off of two appetizers for my meal.  The quesadilla was OK.  Not bad, but nothing special either.  It is a decent portion as an appetizer.  It would best best for splitting between two or three people .  I also tried the Ale House Loaded Fries.  They were ok.  The portion is large, but I thought they were a little bland.
5	I've been here two times and I ordered the same exact thing . I try not to do that but I couldn't help it! I'm a fan of surf in turf so I thought their Flat Iron steak with 10 Boom Boom shrimp for $14.95 was a great deal! I was scared the steak may be dry but it was  light pink inside and juicy , The spicy panko shrimp was so good I wish they had all you can eat lol. It also came with a baked potato and broccoli. We shared the Capt'n Jack's Buried Treasure ($5.95 ). It is Oreo ice cream cake , caramel , chocolate with bits and pieces of a Heath bar. It isn't often that I can find a dessert with toffee so when I do I jump on it!It is really loud in there so don't come here if you want to have quiet conversations during any type of sporting event.
5	I'm a little late reviewing this place, but as someone who deals with reviews for my own company, I felt the need to point out some great customer service and their awesome specials!A few weeks back, one of the bartenders accidentally knocked a beer over, and it poured on to me. No big deal, mistakes happen. However, the manager came over, apologized, and offered to comp my current tab, even though I hadn't complained, or really needed to talk to the manager. That's going above and beyond, and certainly a reason I'll return.Plus, if you're a seafood fan, this place is a great choice at a solid price! I'm mostly always happy with the portions (the mahi mahi was small once... but I'll overlook it), and the taste is great. I really enjoy the seafood macaroni and cheese.There's great prices on tall Miller Lite, and their daily specials are amazing. Prime Rib is at a great price twice a week, and then there's a lobster special on Wednesdays. Whenever I'm around Town Square, I like to stop by. Plus, I hear they're opening up a location in Henderson, closer to my place... So I'll have another excuse to keep going back.Keep up the good work!
5	Very good food.  Had the zinger melt and Cobb Salad.  Service was a bit slow because the wait staff did not see us seated.  However, manager apologized and our meal came out promptly.  Very fresh and good.  Reasonable..
1	They close by midnight. Maybe they should update their business hours both online and posted.
4	I've been to this sports bar/restuarant a few times to watch UFC and others sports, drink brews and enjoy some comfort foods with friends. There's a ton of TVs inside and outside in the patio. A lot of tables to squeeze a bunch of sports fans and bar goers. I've only ordered appetizers and beer when watching sports. The wings and zingers are pretty tasty. The wings were a good size, hot and crispy. The loaded fries and nachos good too. It's pretty much you expect for bar food. The menu overall has a nice selection to fill everyone's desire. The beer menu changes often so feel free to try a new brew. During cold season there are heaters in the patio. A nice touch since we've only sat there the times we've been going. Some of my buddies like to smoke cigar so it's always to the patio we go. No smoking inside, but people come out to the patio to smoke. So think twice of where you want to sit. Patio also has a couple couches and fire pits if you wanna lounge. As usual with most bars/restaurants like this, it does get packed and loud during major sporting events.Service has been good every time I've been here. Friendly and attentive. Especially to a our big group. We'll be back for another sports outting.
4	This place USE TO have 'Reds' on tap but about 3 weeks ago got rid of it. The main reason I use to come here. The only place that had it on tap. But they do have Angry Orchard Bar tender Kendall was amazing. He wasn't too much in our face but was present and made sure we were taken care of. He was also really cool and funny to talk too and made up for Reds not being there. He is located on the outside bar in the second room. We spent well over $100 and when we switched to the main bar (because the smaller one was closing for the night) the bar tender there wasn't too happy that we weren't drinking and wasn't very nice. Umm... We were trying to sober up. ButThis review is for the bar tender Kendall other then that it would be a 2 star. Bring 'Reds' back!!!!
3	Ordered the Fish & Chips...HORRIBLE!!! They changed the Cod Fish to Pollack. Menu still says fluffy white fish. Since when is Pollack considered a White Fish?!?
5	Had a 25% off coupon from our resort. Read the reviews and knew we wanted to try this place. My wife and I were not dissapointed. Friendly staff, great food selections at very reasonable prices. Daily specials and nightly specials make it a real bargain here in Vegas. Had a visit from the manager who offered to buy our desserts since it was our first visit. We have located two other Alehouses that we intend to visit in NJ and Florida when we get the opportunity. If you love sports, camerodity, good food - I have no problem recommending Miller's Alehouse.
1	Just went here during the day. I was the only one at the bar. Chris and Clay served me a beer and then in 15 minutes never took an order for food. Chris looked at me like 5 times not once said Hello or anything. Worst Bartenders Ever.
5	Just had a great lunch at Ale House! Our server was Clay who is always polite and attentive to all our needs. A true asset to your establishment.
1	Sorry but I had to change from 5 star to 1 star. We popped in during my lunchbreak. We were seated right away but sat at our table for 20+ minutes and never had a server come to our table. Hostess seemed confused and literally did not know what to do. Thanks millers!! I had to scarf down a lunchable instead. I'll never return. Too many other options at town square. The yard house is always a go to spot! At least they know you are there.
5	My fav place to watch a game & get some decent bar food! They always have great drink specials.
4	If you're looking for good eats and good times then look no further. I've been here only twice and loved both times! I got the taco salad which was huuuge and only 5 dolla;) my boyfriend got the full rack of ribs which literally fell off the bone. Deeeeeelicious. I think they were like $10. That's a freakin deal! I ordered a pomegranate martini which I actually didn't like. It tasted like licorice... Ew. But I didn't care. I just added juice to it and made it tasty lol. And uh they have raspberry shock top on Tap!! It made me so happy. The servers are awesome too. Me and my boyfriend like to give people sh*t everywhere we go and they took it like champs haha. Love this place, its my new fave spot
1	I heard mixed reviews about this place. I would say it met my expectations. It was pretty bad. The service gets 0 stars. We only saw our waitress twice in 45 mins and she seemed like she was too busy talking with fellow co-workers about where they got "hammered" the night before than to check up on her table.  The kitchen staff gets good points as the food was pretty good. Good job fellas. Restaurant was clean and in order. As far as service goes this place stinks. I would recommend yard house or CPK over this place. Heed the other yelper's reviews and avoid this place.... Unless you want bad service. That is all.
1	Poop. Poor service. Poor staffing. Had an issue there about a month when.........finally someone spoke with me he was a total jerkoff for lack of a better word. Almost certain his last name was Corona.
4	Plenty of good time hereMiller Ale House is situated in the Town Centre shopping and entertainment complex.This place is a tight sports bar that has great food for lunch and dinner to boot. The Ale house has all your draft and bottle needs with a decent range of 50 to 90 beers at one time.I recommend the wings while watching some hockey or basketball. They use to have moose drool beer which is my jam but they unfortunately took it off the menu.The service here is always decent and beer is cold. I don't have any real complaints other than the location kinda of caters to tourist market, if they opened in Summerlin somewhere it would an awesome local hang out spot for sure
3	Decent food and good beer. Service is hit and miss. Prices are reasonable for being in a tourist area. Lots of tvs for watching multiple games.
3	Prices are very reasonable... food is very average"Caesar side salad was very good. Hamburger quite average. Fries... they are fries, not fresh, but OK. Onion Rings frozen and greasy. Beverage prices, very reasonable. Might try it again at home.
4	A great place to catch a sporting event and have a drink. It was a clean well organized place. The service was really good. The chicken zingers and sliders came out quick and hot. Too bad they dont have any locations in cali.
5	I've been coming to Las Vegas for years and I never knew this was here!!! I love Ale House from my time in Florida and I was super excited to learn I can have Zingers in LV!! Foods great, drinks are reasonable, service is good. Nice setup for large parties and watching the games!!!
4	Thank you for being good sports and taking care of our extremely rowdy table of 25 . They knew ahead of time that we would want separate tabs and there was no confusion in the end on what was supposed to be on whose bill. The drinks and food we ordered also came out quickly and efficiently.Yessss! Someone ordered the gigantic nachos and I was able to have some. Actually, everyone at the table was able to have some because there was just so much to go around. The calamari and wings were other standout items that I was able to try. They have more than just bar food available so peruse the menu and I'm sure you will find something to strike your fancy.Overall, a good sports bar or hangout spot with buddies.
4	I am from Florida where there is an Ale House on every corner so I was glad to find one out here in my new home of Vegas!  Great location, good food and service.  They have the best zingers out there!  Fun bar food in a relaxed environment.  Servers are friendly and the mgmt comes around to make sure everything is ok.  Clean restaurant and love that they are located at Town Square!
5	Had a great lunch at Miller's. If you want a good priced meal on the strip with great staff give it a try. If there go to the back bar and see Clay the bartender. He will make your experience even better.
5	I love this place, no matter what time of day! UFC viewings are the best if you're early! Atmosphere is always great! Mario the bartender is a favorite! I tell everyone to come here! Prices are the best!!!! You can never go wrong with Miller's :)
3	So, I've been here a few times and have had good times and bad. This place is always good about accommodating bigger groups and they always have the big games on. They have decent drink specials and decent food specials, but you better ask or look through the menu thoroughly! That's why they don't get more than 3 stars. I ordered a Zinger Mountain Melt ($12.99) only to find out that there was a zinger special for $5, only difference was no fries. Then I asked the waitress for their other IPAs after the one I order from the menu is no longer available. Rather than offer the IPA that's on special, she suggests, and I order, one that's $8/glass. Ale House isn't bad...no thanks to the service. They also delivered my buddy's food only to return 2 minutes later to take it back, telling him it wasn't his. And don't get me started on the bartender's lack of knowledge of alcohol on an earlier visit, suggesting Jim Beam when I ordered scotch... Maybe I should give'em 2 stars.
5	This place is pure awesomeness.  There are Tv's everywhere, and they play sound to the games.  The food is decently priced and what we ordered was delicious.  The zinger melt which is like like cheese fries with chicken tenders on top is a fat mans dream. The seafood mac was good as well, I love that they have sweet tea.  They gave us happy hr cards which can be used anytime so that was cool.  I had the buried treasure desert which was good but not amazing.  I will definitely be back.
5	Al is a great server! We come here often and he was the best server we've had. He was fun and friendly. We were so indecisive and he was really patient. We kept forgetting what condiments or items we wanted and he would run to the back and get it for us without hesitation. Food was always good as usual, but this time the customer service is what really stood out! Great job, Al!
1	Came here hoping for few different local beers only to fine out that the actually beer menu lists Yuengling...got excited  for a minute only to be shot down by the bartender that says they dont and wont carry Yuengling. The reason its listed is because the company is east coast based and these lazy bastards dont even update the menu for las vegas. This is a simple yet stupid thing done by this company. I will NEVER AGAIN visit ANY of these locations. I will also be certain to spread the word of the false advertisement by Millers Ale House.
3	I have been to the Ale House once before a few years ago, but I only had drinks. I rarely go to Town Square so it is just not on my list of places to go. We had friends in town that were staying at South Point so Town Square was a good middle. Honestly, we would have went to Yardhouse but that is were we went the last time they were in town. We had a drink at the bar while we waited for our friends. Good quick service. When they got there we got seated right away on the patio. The server was good and attentive. I asked for the misters to be turned off and it actually happened. He wasn't overbearing as we sat and caught up with each other before even looking at the menus. The kitchen staff was another story. My BF's potatoes and one of our friends sweet potato fries were cold. My BF's potatoes were ICE cold, like they just came from the fridge. He got salmon, defifnitley not the way they are suppose to be. We never say anything about mistakes, we typically can suck it up and take one for the team. However, kitchen rule #1! Serve hot food hot and cold food cold! The server was nice about taking it back and when he came back to check on us before it was ready he said that the manager would be bringing it out. (Our firends fires were not ice cold but not hot and she choose not to say anything) When the manager brought it out she waited for my BF to take a bite of it...ackward. So cut to the check, not only was nothing compensated for the trouble(my BF got his food as we all finished ours) we were charged twice for it! I get it, it has to be rung in again for it to be comp'd off but in my experiance the manager has to remove that from the bill once it's gone through to the kitchen, her bad! We didn't realize this until after we had the credit card rang, which the server said there would be a hold on the card. Not sure about that as all POS systems and banks act differently towards this kinda of change but if that's how theirs is, oh man. What did we get for this? One free beer. I wasn't expecting any free even after cold potatoes. But oh my, it took too long to get the food back and they screwed up the bill. I was embarrassed because my tablemates totally blamed the server! UGH! Not competely his fault. Besides the kitchen, it was the runners responsibility as well. Was the plate hot for hot food, nope. Hey Chef this shit's cold! Problem caught and fixed. Overall, the food was decent and the sangria was pretty good. But still not on my list of places I would visit first.
3	Food is ok, great selection of beer and lots and lots of tv's to watch.... Wait for it... SPORTS!!! Staff is friendly and hopeful.
1	The only good thing about this place is that it's open later then usually places and there's happy hour. Don't eat their food or expect good customer service.
3	This review is long overdue! I honestly find myself at Miller's very often.... there is always someone at working promoting a happy hour and since Miller's is close to the office and convenient for most, we always end up here.  They always have drink specials and the beer selection is good. The food is ok, bar food and nothing that stands out as a must try item. There are lots of tv's to watch filled with the sports events of the day.  The staff can be hit or miss.... I have had excellent service here and then I have had some horrible service.But when you have a great group of friends with you- you can always have a good time here!
2	The food was barely edible. They do have plenty of tv's. For a place called the ale house you'd think they would have more craft beers available. Service was better than the food,  but just average.
4	We have eaten at Town Square location a few times and I always got the Fish-n-Chips. Eating here I of course had to have the same thing. Service was a little off but I will give it a pass due to opening week and new people being trained. We were seated immediately, it just opened. Drink orders were taken right away and I never had to ask for refills, they were on top of it. I got the fish n chips here to compare to the Town Square location. They of course were good and plentiful. My only complaint is that as our server got busy her attention to our table seemed to decrease. This location is somewhat bigger than the other in town one bar inside and a bar in an area that can be an indoor/outdoor area. Has a real comfortable fireplace area and many TV's for watching sporting events. Overall I will be going here as often as I can, great food fun atmosphere.
5	Great place to eat. Good atmosphere for everyone. Decent deals on food. Big portions.
4	Miller's Alehouse is a standalone establishment in Town Square with its own parking lot. After flunking out at McFadden's, me and a group of friends decided to try our luck at Miller's. We walked in at about 11:30PM on a Friday night. Lucky for us, the Happy Hour had started at 10PM. The place was decently full and since we couldn't find any seating at the bar, we grabbed a table. The server came right up and took our drink orders.Holy moly! The drinks during happy hour are super cheap! For $2, you can get a 16oz. Bud or Bud Light. For one more dollar, you can upgrade to a hefty 23oz. Happy Hour Appetizers were $5. There were drink specials like a $3 Martini and other ridiculously cheap drinks. Those prices alone make me a fan of Miller's Alehouse. Being a lightweight and all, I could get smashed for around $10. ;)Miller's Alehouse is a sports bar with a rustic edge to it. The vibe at Miller's felt upbeat and sociable (a refreshing change).  The server kept the drinks coming. I think we just found our new hangout spot for drinks at Town Square! Next time, I'm planning on trying one of their appetizers....
5	Really enjoy this place...we will be regulars.
5	It is awesome good food and it's cheaper than other restaurants I would reccomend this place to all go there and enjoy!!!
4	Located in Town Square, it is a great location for some food and drinks!We stopped in after our shopping excursion to appease our appetite.  They were very friendly as soon as we walked in the door.  As soon as we sat down, our waiter was over with happy friendly service. Our entire table spilt the fiesta nachos.  As an appetizer for 4, it was perfect.  The plate of nachos were piled high with plenty of toppings all around.  Something else to share is the Miller's Steak Sandwich.  I split this with my husband.  It was filled with marinated steak, onions, mushrooms and provolone.  So delicious and filling!  Tip~ if you order sweet potato fries on the side, it is a HUGE basket and can also be shared.  This location has good service and good food!  Just a great option when in the area!
5	Best Place! Thai Sweet Chili Wings are my absolute favorite! Always end up spending hours here, due to the TVs playing endless sporting events. I am also a big fan of their sangria pitcher (how could you go wrong with a pitcher of your favorite beverage).
2	Went to Henderson location it's ok, another sports bar with a lot of tv's , bartenders are nice but boring, even for old guy like me!  I guess Burger King just promoted them...
1	If you enjoy good food I would suggest going elsewhere. Decent for bar food when you're watching a game, but I wouldn't recommend it being a "family favorite" to eat at every Sunday night. I ordered what I thought was going to be country time lemonade which was a huge disappointment when it tasted like airborne seltzer water without the fizz. The dessert was delicious though!
4	We love the specials here! Best deal for a full rack of ribs on Monday nights! Great place to come watch sports and escape the heat and have some drinks at the bar.
2	Typical turn and burn chain restaurant.  You can consistently expect average service, decent food and OK pricing.  You don't get the quality customer service that you find at more reputable chains and locally owned restaurants.  The bartenders write your name on a place card that they set in front of you with their name on the other side.  I've tried to host large groups with them on more than one occasion and it was a nightmare.  The staff is ill-equipped to do more than greet you, seat  you and bring you what you ordered.  It's a shame because they have potential.
5	Happy hour was great. Beverages and 2 loaded appetizers for under $20. Worth the visit.
4	Blah
1	Work at townsquare and was there for lunch and it was a terrible experience.  Let's begin.1: Ordered buffalo wings and they were raw, I cut into one with a knife and it started dripping blood.  Manager apologized telling me he wouldn't charge me for the wings that were raw and I didn't eat, like he was doing me a favor. (I sent them back and cancelled the wings all together) 2: My co-worker ordered a french dip with no onion and they brought one packed with onions but my burger had zero onions.3:Other co-worker ordered a salad and didn't come with any dressing at all. We were offered a free dessert for the terrible experience and I asked them to just discount the cost of the dessert from our bill, our waiter was not too happy about that and said "we are not charging you for the wings already what else would you want us to do?" No sh$&t you actually thought I was going to pay for food I didn't eat?  They ended up applying the discount to the bill but it had to be the worst place in townsquare I have ever eaten at.  I normally go to Tommy Bahammas and food/service is incredible maybe we should have Tommy Bahamas trainers go and teach Ale house how to cook and treat customers.  You lost our business and won't be recommending you to any of 600+ employees we work with.
4	Hard to believe we have lived in Vegas for a year and not tried this place. We ride by it everytime we go to Town Square. So, we decided to give it a go. They have a cool atmosphere with a lot of large tvs, this would be a perfect place to watch any sports event. They have great specials everyday of the week. On Tuesdays kids eat free. The food was great, I had their ribeye special last night and the steak was perfectly cooked and very good. The service was great and prompt. I would definitely recommend and we will return.
5	Town Square location is super busy all the time. Today, was but third time and I STRONGLY BELIEVE TO GO WHEN THERE ARE NO SPORTS GAMES playing. That was worth emphasizing in caps. The first two times I ate here the noise was deafening because it was at night and the sports games were on with people betting on the game. I had the misfortune of going there on two different dates with two different guys over a 3-month period. The food is always superior to any restaurant in Town Square with menu items from appetizers, salads, sandwiches, burgers, pizza and entrees. So I decided today my mouth was salivating for fried calamari and a cobb salad. Huge portions as I already knew. The lunch crowd was quiet and service was quick. Hot a fresh calamari (size of a large pasta bowl) that was cooked properly and not chewy. The cobb salad comes with blackened shrimp and blackened chicken which was a surprise and a delight from the traditional salad I am used to. And so my tummy can enjoy the rest of the meal later tonight. I took less than half home from being ravenous over my harried day around town. Prices range from $8.95 (appetizer or sandwich) - $13.95 (entree). When going in a group, get there early or call ahead. $3.95 - $7.95 Happy Hour Drink Specials and All day Special food menu. Have fun! Eat good. Sorry... GOOD EATS!
4	Great Place to watch the games no matter what location you go to. Plenty of TV's and no matter where you are in the bar you can see at least one of them.  Had the chicken nachos and ribs. Nachos where a let down here compared to how they are in south florida but the ribs where actually better.  Beer choices always great and the bartenders never let me feel dry.
1	CRAAAAAPPPPP foodholy crap. i know it's just bar food but it's garbage bar food.We came in here to just have appetizers and a few drinks. The potatoes are dry and ashy, the spinach dip was greasy and buried under a half inch of oily residue. Perhaps I wouldn't be so grouchy if they prices weren't jacked up so high, for such lousy food.Our waitress was nice and attentive, and probably the only redeeming quality of this place it there was to be one. However, apparently the managers like to bribe their employees into "contests" over who can sell the most of a drink? Weird. I don't care about your contest or who is having a baby, I just want a beer.
5	Great services Pete . We need to know what nights Pete works so we can come back for the great services.
4	OK, I was a little shocked when I received a phone call from the manager asking how my evening went and if I was the one who left the Yelp review. I have absolutely no problem explaining to a manager how our experience went.  He made very sure I was not offended that he called me and said if I did not wish to speak to him, he understood.After a full explanation, he apologized and said the 2 biggest mistakes they made was having a person make a decision as a manager regarding the champagne and not having an extra server during the large party. I totally agree. He graciously asked if my wife and I would return and give it another try, including vouchers for the experience.  he asked if we would introduce ourselves but last week when my wife and I went, we chose not to. we were a little uncomfortable going back and then using the vouchers, but we were glad we did. we sat at the bar and ordered a couple of drinks and appetizers. food was a solid "good." drinks were great according to my wife. I'm a beer drinker.  we enjoyed the sports on the tv's and casual environment. No complaints this time around and enjoyed ourselves. I gave it 4 stars awaiting our next visit. if it goes smooth again, I will rate it one more star.at the end of the day, I appreciate the manager and plan on coming back many more times while we live in Vegas.
4	good food good drink, reasonable price. My kids love the desert and food.
4	Millers is a good place to hang out after work. It's got good music and cold beer. The wait staff is friendly and fast, and quick to recommend favorites.
4	Fun place to come for dinner or happy hour- fun environment. There's a wide variety to choose from cold beers to the food menu.  We've had office dinners here as well. Can bring the kids- definitely would come again!
1	Good food but don't call the same day for reservations.  They are rude on the phone and are not helpful when you do call. Not good customer service.
4	I love this place. They have tons of beers on tap, great food, the chicken nachos are huge, tv's everywhere and they have the Pac-12 Network.
3	Good, chain-like food, and great drinks. My kids (6 & 8) love the high tops. Service is usually Ok, but when they get busy, don't expect to be waited on and be ready to throw up a hand or two when things are needed. Prices are very reasonable. Overall, solid place. Never a bad experience, nor a great experience, I would say very routine which is what you need sometimes.
5	We went in to watch the game and were not disappointed.  By far the best place to go for a game!  Our server George was fantastic.  He really made our experience enjoyable.  His manager came over, I think his name was Jerry to see how we were doing which I thought was very good customer service.  We'll definitely be back!  Great burgers too!
1	Food..... UghThey should pay us to eat there.Great place to watch a game ... Just eat before you go.  :(I hate wasting money on terrible food!
4	This is a very laid back upscale pub. It's at great location to watch the game. The 5 dollar appetizers during happy hour are well worth it!
5	My wife and I enjoy coming here for our date night. It is good food at a good price. It helps that the restaurant is located in a shopping mall which means it's close together for other festivities. We love it will continue to return.
3	Decent food for the $. Always packed. Great place to go if you are really hungry and wanna have some drinks. Full of people, never boring. The 35 shrimp Scampi will do the trick. If you bang for the buck.
4	Solid bar food! The only reason I come here is because of the food which says a lot because I'm not into sports at all & listening to a bunch of guys yelling about who scored whatever annoys me to the fullest. There's lots of great menu options & from all the sports bars in town this happens to be my favorite.Zingers are always great with many sauce options, the Cajun chicken pasta is perfectly spicy, the steak sandwich is always tender, and they have many great daily specials for lunch & dinner. The prices are low & the food is tasty! Can't beat that!If you happen to visit on a busy evening which seems to always be my luck expect to wait for a table! If you happen to be a lady who enjoys sports this place is perfect for you because you get the games & a bunch of rowdy guys all hyped up about sports :)
4	Wednesday night lobster special 16.99 can't go wrong.   Cold beer hot food who would complain with that. Plenty of tv's to watch all your favorite sport's. Ill be coming nack soon
4	Favorite bar restaurant in town. After a hectic day at the office great place to hang out and grab a beer or two. Atmosphere is also kid friendly, my boys love it! Especially all the sports channel's you guys offer for my sports fan family.
2	First time being here. Food was actually pretty good. only reason it's getting 2 stars is because the service absolutely sucked. Our server Tommy was no were to be seen. Never got a refill at all. He pretty much just walked around real quick and disappeared for awhile. Came back out for like a second and disappeared again. Never came and asked if we were doing good or if we needed anything.
4	I am writing this review strictly on my experience yesterday. I go to this "restaurant" very often. The staff is wonderful . Great atmosphere, good deals on drinks. But...A simple warning to sports fans. If you are a passionate about your team and happen to curse and use obscenities then this isn't the place for you. I was "kindly" reminded yesterday that I wasn't in a sports bar but a family restaurant. I guess at this establishment when they serve alcohol and show football that people are supposed to act like Boy Scouts throught out the broadcast lolBottom line I've been watching sports at bars for years and have NEVER heard any bartender tell a patron to not use profanity. I will never watch my team play here again. Simple as that.
2	The zingers my husband got were great, HOWEVER I didn't like the ribs I got. They had a weird flavor. The kids menu also CLEARLY stated grilled chicken with veggies, so I ordered it and when it came out the waiter said that I was wrong it came with French fries.
1	Terrible food & service.  Emailed the company to express my disappointment & never heard back from them.
3	I like the prices for beer. The food is ok, definitely not awful. The atmosphere is fun and everyone is very friendly.
3	This is more of a football/sports review than anything. I definitely like the place - it has great daily specials, the food is good, and sports viewing is normally good if you're just going for one game.  However, getting management to bend on which TVs are showing which game, or where the sound is on, is consistently a struggle. I've had multiple instances where they have refused to put on a game outside, or inside, based upon what seems to be arbitrary placement. I have seen patrons get up and leave because they won't broadcast the game everyone seems to want to see.Recently, I asked for a TV to be changed in an area where a large group was looking to watch one main game, and was steadfastly refused in what felt like a kind of rude way. After some pressing, it turned out that these TVs were linked to one box, and would have interrupted someone else who was watching a different game across the restaurant, but that wasn't explained until we'd been rudely told "the TVs don't change." We'd have been more than understanding with just the actual reason.Anyways, good food, good prices, normally solid service, just be careful if you're dead set on watching a particular game, because they probably won't budge.
5	: sports bar/restaurant in Town Square Mall., sitting area of your choice of favorite game while dining in, lots of televisions, friendly and courteous staff, quick service, clean, food are affordable and delish.....
3	The food is good (most of the time) for what it is. This is a typical bar, with typical drinks, typical service, and typical food. Nothing sticks out to me as being special, although I used to enjoy the 2 for $3 PBR deal. They do have decent drink specials. I love the outdoor patio, when they let you watch the game you want. The Zingers are awesome.My biggest complaint is something I mentioned above...they don't care if you're the only person sitting in the patio area, they will not let you watch the game(s) you want. There could be 4 other groups that would rather watch another game than the one that is on the TV, but the Manager does not accomodate the group. He would rather say, "Ohh, we have to have that game in case someone wants to see it." Well, there's no one that wants to see it. I understand what you're saying, but let's take a vote or something.  Everyone on the patio is asking for another game...accomodate people...that is your first job as a Manager. We spend good money when we come to your bar. This is the main reason we choose to go elsewhere, where they will turn a game that we want on.
4	We stopped here on our way back from Vegas because we wanted to watch the Broncos win the AFC west. (They did of course.) That being said, I Love football but their speakers were so incredibly loud that we could not even order our food without leaning way over for the waiter to hear us. I asked if they can be turned down a little and he said no because it would turn it down for the whole place.... If you plan on wanting to have a convesation etc, just don't sit by the speakers. Our waiters name was Yancy. He was very friendly. A friend asked what his favorites were on the menu and he took the time to go over them with her and help her decide what she would like. We ordered the Calimari to start... It was great. The sauce they have on it is amazing. It is a sweet Thai Chili sauce. I ended up eating so much of the calimari, that all I had room for after was some soup.  The tomato basil tortellini soup was ok, but nothing I would order again. There are just much better options. Overall, I would go back here when in Vegas, especially to watch the games. The place was clean, large enough for big groups, had plenty of TV's, and an outdoor area. The bar was well stocked and they had quite a bit available on tap.
2	The two stars are for the staff.  The hostesses were friendly and my waiter, Chris, was friendly as well.  There was a good seletion of beer and drinks and I had a beer sampler which was interesting, although they did not have three of the beers on the menu.The food left a lot to be desired. I started off with the calamari, it came undercooked, greasy and not very flavorful.  I also had the zinger pizza, that was not bad.  For dessert I had the brownie sundae, it was overly sweet and the ice cream had ice crystals on it.  Really!?I did see things at other tables i.e. the fish and chips that looked delicious.  When I left the staff and managers were friendly and wished me well.  I just only wish that the food was on par with the staff.
5	A local favorite and the service is always great here. My favorite item on the menu is the Cajun chicken pasta and it never dissapoints. Big flavors and very filling. I also like the zingers which are probably the most popular from the big menu and you get to choose your sauce. It's a fun place to visit with very good food so you can't go wrong here.
5	Early Thursday morning lunch, and after a night of a few libations, onion soup was just the thing I needed.  It was one of the best onion soups I have had in a long time.  Nice balance of flavor and a healthy portion of cheese and a nice crouton inside.  The sausage pizza looked amazing and had some large pieces of sausage on it with a well balanced pizza sauce.  Service was very good and the manager came by since we were the first guests today to say hello and let us know the pizza would be right out.  I would recommend this place to people who enjoy good food and love sports, since there over 70 TV's here.I would have posted a picture of the onion soup but the bowl is empty!
