5	If you want good pizza, you can get it in just about any good sized American city. If you want the best pizza though, you have to go to the source, Naples. Naples Italy is where pizza evolved from a barely recognizable fisherman's meals of warm flat bread seasoned with olive oil and sardines, to what we've all come to recognize as contemporary pizza. A trip to Italy for a pizza may not be in everybody's budget though. Fortunately, you don't have to go to Naples for authentic Naples pizza. If you live in Las Vegas, you can go to Settebello's.Settebellos is one of only 12 American pizzerias certified by the Verace Pizza Napoletana, an organization dedicated to the preservation authenticate Naples pizza by establishing rigid guidelines for preparation and ingredients, some of which seem to border on the ridiculous.The dough can contain only four ingredients, flour, natural yeast, yeast of beer and water. The dough can only be worked with the hands, no rolling pins or machines allowed. The sauce has to be made from Italian grown tomatoes and the cheese can only be fresh buffalo mozzarella. The oven has to made from bricks imported from Italy and heated with a fire fueled only by wood.Is the result of all these harsh restrictions noting more than artifact and pretense? Is the end product an overpriced and mediocre discus of high falooting namby pandery?I SAY THEE NAY!Settebello's is the best pizza I've eaten within the borders of this nation, and the closest I've had to the pizza I had in Naples. The use of fresh ingredients and the dearth of artificial flavor enhancers and preservatives leaves the pizza with a crisp and bright flavor without the bitter acidity of cheap canned tomatoes. The dough has a smokey crunch that you can only get from a wood fired brick oven and the chewy mouth feel that requires manual kneading to develop gluten.Despite this attention to detail and lack of compromise on premium ingredients, Settebello won't put a hole in your wallet. A pizza will run you between $9 and $12 and while that's more expensive than Pizza Hut or Little Caesar's, if that's what you were looking for, you wouldn't be reading this. If you live in the Las Vegas area, or are just visiting, do yourself a favor and take a detour down to Henderson and give Settebello's a try. If you like pizza, you won't regret it.
4	I got to Settebello around noon on a weekday, and there was a pretty good crowd; not full, but lively.  It's an informal place, with a glazed cement floor, dark brown with some black in a square geometric pattern.  The simple wood tables are completely bare.  An open kitchen contains a large wood burning pizza oven.  Fans attached to the black industrial ceiling provide air circulation.  Lots of windows give the place a bright and airy feeling.I tried the eponymous Settebello pizza:  crushed tomatoes, pancetta, sausage, mushrooms, pine nuts, mozzarella, basil, and olive oil.  The crust was thin and chewy, with black char spots on the bottom.  And the flavor!  I could have eaten the crust alone.  The crushed tomatoes tasted fresh, as did the mushrooms.  Small amounts of mozzarella and other toppings served as an accent to the crust.  This is one very good pizza.Settebello pizzas are very different from the standard American pizza.  At Settebello, the crust is the star.  Toppings, including cheese, are applied sparingly; they play a supporting role.  I think this has disappointed some people, who came expecting one thing and got another.Settebello is a good 20 minute drive from The Strip.  No pizza place is worth that kind of drive, but if you're nearby, it's definitely worth searching out.
5	I love my man, believe me, but everytime I eat here, I want to kiss the man who makes my pie. It is the most perfect pizza you can make...everytime. If you are looking for Dominos or Pizza Hut-style pizza, this is not for you. If you are looking for crispy flatbread, topped with gourmet ingredients (many flown in from their native lands) and cooked right, this is your new favorite! It is never crowded for a late afternoon bite, but be careful on a weekend evening. It is not bursting at the seams, but there may be a little bit of a wait. If all of the five star reviews so far don't lead you to believe it's the best, go try it and prove them wrong!
5	My favorite is the Pizza Bianca w/ arugula & proscuitto.This is the real deal Neopolitan style pizza, designated with the Vera Pizza Napoletana (VPN).  They don't slice them unless you request so, feel free to tear away pieces italian style instead!If you're in the area, I suggest you stop in for a treat.
4	I love this perfectly cooked thin pizza.  It's light but has good flavor.  The crust is cooked really well.  The toppings also taste fresh compared to other places.  The price is a bit above average for the amount of food you get, but sometimes it's worth it.  If like pizza, and i fyou're not a fan of  Dominoes, Pizza Hut, Little Caesar's, and etc...  then you probably won't be disappointed by this place.
5	Delicious pizza, best in town that I've had. The ingredients are clearly top quality and the crust is perfect, the perfect balance between chewy and crisp. The toppings are balanced so that you can taste the different bits and everything isn't overpowered by tomato sauce. Their salads are excellent as well, though I think a bit pricey. The atmosphere is decent too, laid back.
5	Ate here on Sunday after browsing around Valley Cheese & Wine. I really like this place and I can't wait to go back to have another margherita pizza...except next time i'll ask for extra basil.
5	There are many pizzerias out there that claim to produce "authentic" Neapolitan-style pizza; however, Settebello can literally make this claim -- they are one of a select number of pizzerias that have received certification from the Vera Pizza Napoletana (VPN) for making authentic, true-to-form, Neapolitan pizza.  This is quite the designation and all the more reason to make the trek out to Henderson during your next Vegas weekend to sample the goods.   Settebello offers a selection of alcoholic beverages to go with your pizza -- red and white wines including a delicious La Crema Christi, and both a light and dark Moretti.  We ordered Margarita pizzas all around, two different kinds of salad -- both a mixed baby greens and arugula with vinaigrette -- a few glasses of wine, and a couple beers, all in all a completely satisfying meal.  I heard a rumor that they may open a second location, in which case I should start sending them letters now to consider Long Beach, California when deciding where shop number two should be located.
4	Off the beaten path if you're on the strip but this luckily wasn't too far from my parents' house. Stuck in a small but tasteful strip mall, in a space that reminds me more of a brew pub than a place that serves staunchly authentic Napoletan pizza (most of the ingredients are even imported from Italy).  Maybe I was expecting the red checkered table cloths...Service was friendly and fast. Inexplicably, my wine was brought in a small regular water glass, while I saw someone at another table get what looked like a wine glass to pour her sparkling water into. I had the Quattro Stagioni, which was a Margherita divided into 4 quarters: one with wood oven roasted sausage, one with salame,one with roasted mushrooms and one with calamata olives. The first thing I noticed was how good the crust was. Super thin with small patches of  black from the oven. The toppings were not generous but that could just be the Napoletan methodology. The cheese was in small dollops rather than spread all over. I found the pizza to be  on the salty side, perhaps because they use sea salt. The olives were whole pitted olives which fell off as I ate the pizza. The pizza overall was excellent and I managed to ram the entire 12" pizza down my throat in a record 15 minutes.I brought my 5 star rubber stamp but couldn't quite pull the trigger on it. I really enjoyed it but it did not blow me out of the water. I definitely want to come again and try some more next time I'm in town.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this pizzeria, definitely not your typical greasy/tasteless Las Vegas pizza spot. Although the pizzeria doesn't quite approximate the pies of Venice and Northern Italy, they are certainly crispy, tasty, and clean. Toppings aren't the usual convoluted mess you find at CPK knock offs, just simple and delicious (e.g., good peppery salame, arugala, formaggio, etc). I've tried their salads as well, boring combinations and tasteless dressings - nothing to write home about. Also, pies are small and served individually much like you would find in Northern Italy; thus,  the pizzas are not pre-sliced (you either tear it with your hands or use a fork and knife, whatever floats your boat). You should definitely give it a try!!
5	One of my usual spots to go to.  I love Settebello so very much!  The calzone is my favorite and reminds me of my travels in Italy.  The only place in the Vegas area for pizza IMHO.
4	Best pizza ever...  Super top-notch ingredients lovingly distributed on a perfectly made crust.  Our group of four girls shared a pizza with artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers and mushrooms, along with the caprese starter and a salad.  I loved the interesting and fairly priced selection of Italian wines, and my smoky-tasting red matched the pizza perfectly.  To show how tasty their toppings were, I even ate all the mushrooms -- and I typically despise mushrooms!The reason for the four stars?  The tomatoes in the caprese were big, but didn't taste super fresh and juicy like I would expect, given how great their other ingredents were.  Also, the service was bleh, verging on rude.  I didn't dock a star for this, but I was surprised at the lack of ambience.  I mean, I understand it's a strip mall in Henderson, but I wasn't prepared for the utter blandness, almost quick casual vibe of the place.  Just something to be aware of when you go -- which you most definitely should!
3	Maybe the 3-star rating isn't quite fair. Read a bunch of reviews on this place and just had to try it out. Have counted on Yelper's opinions since discovering this place living in San Francisco.Anyways, there's a particular style of pizza I'm searching for, and thought this might be it. For anybody that  grew up in Oregon, and was raised on Pietros, Abby's, Shakey's, etc they know the kind of pizza I'm seeking. Usually I've been able to locate at least one in most big cities, like Village Host in the Bay Area, but the search is long.When the crisp, thin flatbread crust was described here, I had to try them out. It's exactly what I'm searching for. I liked the pizza, and the service was great. The only drawback was (and it's probably not anybody's fault but my own), it seems I don't really love authentic Naples pizza. There was too much olive oil on it,  and the basil was overbearing. Loved the crust, and the sausage, and the sauce. Service was outstanding, and the price reasonable. Just not my place exactly.I'm looking for a Shakey's-style pizza (if it can be found in this city). Anybody knows of one, or runs across one please let me know. Certainly that place is somewhere in Las Vegas.
4	i dig this place.  i love just tearing up the pizza like they do in italy.  the pizza was great...not at all greasy.  the servers are quick with the refills too.  i went there with a friend and the atmosphere seemed kind of dead though.  it's nice and clean...but i feel like they need to liven it up a bit.
4	Settebello....Theresa B. and I went here after a long day of shopping. The place was very casual with pictures of different sites in Italy like Napoli, and even played Italian pop music. We ordered the Insalata, a salad which included mixed greens and a nice cheese that started with an P(Parmesan maybe? I forgot the real name...) For our main entree, we ordered the Quatro "something" thin-crust pizza (My Italian sucks!), which included salami, sausage, mushrooms, and calmata olives. However, Theresa B. isn't fond of olives, so we substituted with arugula instead. The food was delicious! The only bad thing was that they served the arugula uncooked on top of the pizza. I would have preferred that it be cooked with all the rest (Maybe it shrinks too much?).This will not be the last time I venture to Settebello. When I'm craving for some authentic Neopolitan-style pizza, I will definitely come here...-The pizzas are 12" in size, and can feed 1-2 people. Most of them cost $11.99 each.
3	Service usually sucks. I don't understand how a little place like this can run without any discernible management or the owner's presence. It shows, as the waitstaff is almost completely untrained. We've been there three times and have yet to see anyone who looks like they're doing more than cooking, waiting, or hosting.I hate the layout. It can't be feng shui, I know that. Having all the tables pushed to one wall, the open kitchen off to the other, separated by a no-mans-land about 20 feet wide presumably for waitstaff and customers trying to get to the bathroom, and the long counter off the kitchen with a single stool (who is that for? was there supposed to be counter seating?) really doesn't feel right.That said, the food is really great. Enough to far outweigh all the negatives. Like, I can't believe this kind of pizza can be found in this town. Every other piece of pizza I've had in Vegas has totally sucked, and here's this little place that just totally nails it with traditionally made, wood fired hearth cooked pizzas. 3 and just under 1/2.
4	Due to the great reviews on Yelp the husband and I had lunch here today... All i can say is Yuuummmmy!         We loved it!!Great service!! The girls working we're there every time our cup needed a refill and when we were done with our food they cleared our plates right away....The food is delicious! We shared a salad which was delicious and a Margarita Pizza, well we ordered one to share and it was soo good we ended up getting another one and sharing that as well!!It was about $30, not too bad....On our way out we asked what the difference between virgin olive oil and extra virgin olive oil... the pizza maker guy knew they difference and we walked out of there full and a little smarter!!!I would have to say the reviews are pretty right on, i would recommend this place to anyone who wants good, authentic thin crust pizza!!!
5	Ok, i HAD to up the rating to a 5! Reason:  We keep coming back and this place just doesn't disappoint!! The Insalata Grande salad and pizza are the best we've ever had!!! I added a few pics from our most recent visit! Try this place, you'll be hooked too!!!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Went again today for a late lunch early dinner (5:00pm) with the husband and this time brought a friend... This place is consistently good!! Great pizza and salad and great service!!!! There were about 3 girls walking around all the time, if you made eye contact one of them was there to see if there was anything you needed! Our friend ordered the Pizza Lasagna and didnt read the menu good and didnt know it came with ricotta cheese (he doesnt like ricotta) and when he said "oh, i didnt know it had ricotta"  they could tell he wasnt happy and they offered 2 times to take it back and make him a new pizza. He ended up keeping it and just picking it off.. but i thought it was very nice of them to offer, even though it was his fault for not reading not theirs. Keep up the good work Settebello's!!
5	I lived in Rome for 3 years and have searched high and low for a good pizza restaurant since moving back to the States. Settebello is the real thing. I feel like I'm back in Italy when I have their pizza.  Absolutely fresh high quality ingredients and the types of pizza they make are hard to find elsewhere. Friendly staff, service is usually excellent, but can be slow when it's packed. The restaurant can get noisy so don't expect a quiet romantic setting. I especially like that I can use my Italian when chatting with some of the staff. I highly recommend Settebello.
5	I love this place!  They have wonderful Neapolitan pizzas, my favorite is the Settebello.  I've been to Settebello four times and every time the experience has been great.  The pizza is amazing with a great thin crust and fresh toppings.  The service is always pleasant and fast.  If you like pizza you NEED to go to Settebello.  My only complaint is that they're located in Henderson and I live downtown, but Settebello is worth the trip.
5	doesn't matter i what i order, i'm always happy!!!!!!!sooo good!!!i live on the other side and i dont care the drive!!!!
5	I never made the effort to try these guys over on Horizon Ridge.. now that they've moved to the District I had to try them! YUMSo I've never had pizza in Napoli.. I've had it in Rome and various other parts of Italy, and man this pizza beats anything I had in Italy! Ingredients were top knotch.. crust was PERFECTION. Service was ok.. nothing notable. Peroni was $3.50.. not a bad deal for an import beer at a restaurant in Vegas and it goes perfectly with their pizzas. Fiance and I wanted something meaty and tasty. Server recommended we get the salami (ok in Italian it's like salame or something). This was nothing like american salami (which I hate). This was like american pepperoni made a baby with canadian bacon and somehow this baby was tastier and had a better texture than either original meat. "Salame" is my new favorite pizza topping. YUM
4	Its not the type of pizza place I'm used to, but I'll have to give them 4 stars.  My cousins originally from Chicago aren't impressed.  They are still in search for pizza as good as here.....which is going to be next to impossible.So here's my take on this place....very nice decor and very casual.The menu has no fried stuff.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.Ok so I had the Caprese for an appetizer.....Fresh mozzarella on a tomato with fresh basil,sea salt and covered in extra virgin olive oil...Wow was that yummy.  It was my first time to have fresh mozzarella and now its my favorite.Then I had the Margherita pizza, topped with sausage, mushroom, and fresh garlic and basil.  Its wood oven baked and very fresh. Not a Chicago style pizza, but I loved it.The cousins had the Pizza Lasagna, which had pretty much the same toppings as mine except for having evoo, and ricotta, and I didn't notice too much of a difference....but still yummy!For dessert, we had vanilla gelato in espresso...Wow was that good!A great way to end a fantastic dinner.I guess my cousins would have enjoyed the place, if they weren't looking for Chicago style food.I liked it since I was just hungry and I was impressed with the freshness of all the food.....a healthy restaurant according to one of the cousins.Its just a nice change of pace from the everyday pizza joint.Oh, they recommend not taking their pizza for take out....much better tasting fresh from the oven.
5	So it appears the idiots that run yelp couldn't just change the address on the original location like I suggested... so now all the reviews for this lovely place will be split between the old and new location. Seriously people, figure it out.. run the site right. Just freaking change the address on the old review page! Anyways, here's my review that I'm pasting here to prevent people from having to go back and forth...I never made the effort to try these guys over on Horizon Ridge.. now that they've moved to the District I had to try them! YUMSo I've never had pizza in Napoli.. I've had it in Rome and various other parts of Italy, and man this pizza beats anything I had in Italy! Ingredients were top knotch.. crust was PERFECTION. Service was ok.. nothing notable. Peroni was $3.50.. not a bad deal for an import beer at a restaurant in Vegas and it goes perfectly with their pizzas. Fiance and I wanted something meaty and tasty. Server recommended we get the salami (ok in Italian it's like salame or something). This was nothing like american salami (which I hate). This was like american pepperoni made a baby with canadian bacon and somehow this baby was tastier and had a better texture than either original meat. "Salame" is my new favorite pizza topping. YUM
5	we've made it a point to try the 5 star reviewed restaurants around.  this place definitely didn't disappoint!  what sold it for me was the crust/dough.  delicious!!  amazing pizza. definitely worth a try.  i got the diavalo and it was awesome.  we also got the insalato and that was tasty.
5	Let me say I am not an easily pleased person.  I also believe that good food can wait, so unless a restaurant has atrocious service, I don't really take into considering how many time the waitress refilled my drink or if they did everything I wanted.  I only care about taste and quality.Allow me to also mention that this pizza is unique.  Do NOT come here expecting Chicago, New York or California style pizza.  It's called Napoletana for a reason (there are strict guidelines regulating genuine certified napoletana pizza, upheld by an association in Italy).  Sounds a little too much perhaps?  Maybe you shouldn't come here then.  If you do decide to try a something unique and fresh, I commend you.  Nearly anything is good.  The settobello is wonderful, however all pizzas should be eaten there.  Unfortunately, the thin crust absorbs the juices on top and doesn't last more than maybe, 20 minutes. The ingredients are very fresh, food very delicious.  I have been here maybe 10 times within the year and have never been disappointed with a single pizza or antipasta.
5	WOW!  Freakin awesome pizza!  My wife and I were in The District for a mid-afternoon walk...not even that hungry but since we only come here maybe once a month I HAD to try this place after reading so many rave reviews.  This didn't disappoint at all.  The reviews lived up to all the expectations and I already can't wait to go back to try all the other pies they have.  We just split the margherita w/ half of it topped w/ cured prosciutto and bite after bite was simply heaven.  I hope this place is successful.  Why the hell would anyone go to Metro after having this????
3	This place is good, don't get me wrong. I love this Italian style pizza, the service was good, and i enjoyed my meal. The thing is, if you go a few blocks over to eastern there is Grimaldi's pizza, which is that same Italian style pizza, but its just much better. The pizza was a bit cold and soft, so maybe mine was just undercooked, i dont know. Also the flavors were a little bland. So try this and you wont be too disapointed, but missing out on Grimaldi's would be the crime when its so close.
3	There has been so much hype about this place, but I wasn't overly impressed.  There was nothing wrong with it - service was better than good, the place was clean, good menu selections, a little more money than I thought was going to be spending but that's ok.  I was just disappointed with the mediocrity of the pizza.  It's a fine place, but don't expect too much or it may disappoint.
5	This place actually just moved and is worth the trip: http://www.yelp.com/biz/settebello-pizzeria-napoletana-henderson-3
2	I do not like their pizza, it was soggy, undercooked and really not good at all, oh and the salad was gross (how you mess that up is beyond me)I am a thin crust NY style pizza fan, and this was nothing like that, not for me!
4	This is a great place.  The ingredients are fresh, and everything seems handmade.  It was a comfortable place to eat and stay to talk after we were done.  It reminds me a bit of Spacca Napoli, a pizzeria in Chicago.
5	I thought I was in Naples!They serve authentic traditional neapolitan style pizza, thin crust, super fresh ingredients, just a few toppings.....delicious.....salads and appetizers are yummy too  - and the gelato is as good as it gets.  Run don't walk to Settebello!
5	If you are looking for an authentic Naples style pizza, this is the place for you.  I have been a customer since they were on Horizon Ridge Pkwy and have taken all my friends and house guests to Settebello.   The high quality ingredients are amazing and the service is outstanding.  My favorite items are the house salad, the foccacia, and the pizza lasagna.  Fabulous!
4	great service, reasonable prices, i'm not a big fan of their style of pizza but my husband is...but i'm not typically a big fan of salads, however they have one of three i have ever had that i absolutely love. so both my husband and i love to go there, i can eat healthy and love it and he can have his pie and eat it to :)
4	The Settobello pizza was very delicious with the pine nuts for that extra kick.  The Diavola was good.  The Quatro was also good except the side with the olives, but I'm not much of an olive fan.  Overall, one of the better pizzas I've had.  Bollini in Monterey Park, CA is a little better if you like Napoletan pizzas.
5	Vegas isn't supposed to have pizza like this! This place is transplanted from Utah and rocked my world the first time I had it. UNREAL! Settebello simplifies a pizzeria. The blending of three things make this pizza what it is, the oven - I swear, it's their oventhe cheese - only mozzarellathe crust - is oh so chewyAn exact Napoli pizza.[Wipes, drool off keyboard.]
3	I'm starting to think I have weird taste buds. After reading the amazing reviews here as well as the rave reviews my mother in law had about the place, I had to give it a try. What can I say other than I was not impressed? Honestly, all the food was great...except for the pizza which was too bland for my liking. We had the Margharita with mushrooms and the Settebello I think its called. Whatever it was, it was the last one on the menu with pine nuts on it. My husband and I were both adding, oil and vinegar, salt, pepper, red pepper, anything to give it more flavor. The pizza didn't taste bad, just tasted incomplete, like it was missing seasoning. The crust was probably the best part, crispy and chewy the way it should be. But once again, not much flavor. However, I loved my peach bellini and the homemade tiramisu was among the best I've had, although I can't say I order it too often. The foccacia starter was tasty as well. But once again, we go back to the pizza; after all, it is a pizza place, shouldn't it be the star attraction? In my opinion, I'd go to Grimaldi's instead for much more flavorful pizza.
5	The best pizza in Las Vegas, if not the entire west coast. If you are a fan of real pizza, then you will love Settebello's. I've been to the best places in NYC like Grimaldi's, Lombardi's, Patsy's etc. and Settebello is better than all of those places.The crust is perfect, the tomato sauce is amazing. Really good pizza's.  There's not much else to say, I love this place.
5	I heard about this place in one of the local entertainment mags and was drawn in by the promise of the authentic Nepolitano chef and that this is one of the 12 restaurants in the U.S. with a 'vero Nepolitano" certification, which means 'true Neopolitan'.  I don't know true Neopolitan from a hole in the wall, but I know sometimes "holes in the wall" are family restaurants with the best food.  The mag also said the meats were done by Mario Batalli's father.  Okay, done - I suggested it as dinner before the movie we were going to see at Green Valley Ranch.I have travelled a lot, and you know you can't get real Italian gelato or pizza in America, and that has been the fact since this place.  I don't have superlatives enough to describe the greatness of this food.  All the pizzas we have tried are simply spectacular, thin crusts with a little char on them from the real oven they use.  The calzone (they call it something else) is really really really really to die for!  Desserts, perfect!  I want to share this, but I want to keep it to myself because I hate crowds - however, they are open 11 a.m. to something like 11 at night, so you don't have to go right at dinner, you can go early,which is what we like to do.  Off-off-off-off strip and true world class.
5	It was a little tough to find but that was iPhone GPS' problem not Settebello. Started with MIsto of meats, cheeses, olives, mushrooms, and artichokes - authentic and fantastic. I got the Pizza Quattro Staggione - 1/4 wood fired sausage, 1/4 olives, 1/4 salami, and 1/4 mushroom with added anchovy. Their Neapolitan style pizza is very very good with a nice thin crunchy crust - what's even better is the REAL grated Parmesan in a shaker along with your pizza. I would swear they had just grated it - it definitely was not Kraft.
4	Margherita  9.99Crushed tomatoes, Parmigiano-Reggiano, basil, mozzarella and extra virgin olive oil.  I ordered mine Con Pancetta.My server was wonderful, I believe his name was Jack, and he figured out that I was a first timer and gave me the details on Napoletana Pizza.  I ordered mine uncut so I could eat it like the Italians!  The crushed tomatoes were perfect.  The basil was perfect.  The mozzarella was SO AMAZINGLY GOOD.  The crust was perfect.  The pancetta was just a bit rubbery, I was hoping it would get toasted up in the oven.Overall this was a REALLY good pizza and I would come back, but stick with the plain Margherita.  And I'd bring a friend so I can try the Caprese salad.  This pizza wouldn't take home - definitely eat it fresh.  Never having had this style of pizza, I really have nothing to compare it to.  I would recommend that you come with an open mind - it is what it is.  It is NOT NY pizza.
5	Everything has already been said, don't want to bore anyone with all compliments that come to my mind, but I'll say this: we come here at least two-three times a week from Summerlin. We brought 5 sets of friends, everyone loved it too, many of which are from the East coast.For visitors with kids: there is a great Carousel right around the corner. Our kid can't wait to get there right after we are done with pizza.
4	This place is real Napoli pizza fresh and authentic. Excellent hard to find Italian cocktails too.  Service is very good and the price is reasonable.  Nice to see something like this in Vegas!
5	Excellent Pizza. Our Waitress was extremely snobby. Im sure it was just her.. However had salad with bresaola was great very simple nice clean flavors.. The Pizza is awesome Best Pizza and best ingredients so far in Vegas.
1	I was so excited to eat here, given all the positive reviews.  However I was very disapointed.  The pizza was way overpriced, lacking on toppings and literally RAW dough.  I have eaten Pizza all over Italy, so I am familiar w/ the concept, it was just executed poorly.  When we tried to complain the Manager was terribly rude and begrudginly credited us for the raw pizzas....eventually.
5	had a nice pie, last nite at settebello.  first time i have been to the new location. same great pizzasthe two of us started with a caprese salad,  and couple of peronis.ordered a settebello and diabola pizza,  they were cooked to perfection and very tasty.this place has the best traditional italian style pizza in town by far.  service is great, place is clean and very nice.  finished off with what has to be one of the best tiramisu in town, very light and perfectly flavored.5 stars all the way,  and its not overly expensive
5	This place is the bomb.  All ingredients are from Italy.  I have even been to Rome and yes the pizza tastes exactly the same.  The salads are awesome too.  Tiramisu awesome.  There has been absolutely nothing here that I have not that was delicious.  Im not even a huge fan of sausage on my pizza but here it is the best! Literally everythings good! Not a huge wine or beer list, but still a decent selection.  The only thing Settebellos has that is less than perfect is the service which isn't even bad, but never had a server really go above and beyond which is not even a complaint, just a statement, lol.
2	I was pumped about finding  Settebello and getting to eat there after reading the Las Vegas Weekly's year in awards and this placed finished in front of my favorite, Metro Pizza. To me, there was mininal amount on my pizza and was not a tasty as at least 3 other establishments (Metro, Home Plate, and even Roadrunner's chains of establishments seemed to outclass Settbello. Maybe it was an off night but I think I will stick with Metro and Home Plate before shelling out money for an overpriced product.
4	Probably the best pizza I have had in North Las Vegas/Las Vegas/Henderson so far. My mom and I drove over to The District and saw this lil gem. I had the Margherita Pizza Con Peppered Salame (Pepperoni) and My mom had the Carbonara Pizza. We both LOVED IT! Definitely want to eat the pizza fresh, because of all the fresh ingredients. We had a carafe of Sangria (great price!) and enjoyed the pizza. Came out extremely fast (even though I put a custom ingredient on my pizza). Still talking about it today. Yum! Cannot wait to go back (even though I live over 30 minutes away!)
3	I look forward to going and checking out Settebello again. On my first visit I unfortunately ended up with an upset stomach on my way there but was so determined to go that I didn't let that stop me (I probably should have).The pizza was very interesting. Coming from NY I am very judgemental on pizza and my views on what it should be and taste like... making it very hard for me to find a pizza I am satisfied with. The pizza I had was tasty and had interesting flavors. My girlfriend seemed to enjoy hers as well. The atmosphere was very relaxed and it was very quiet the afternoon we visited.The server was ok... no major complaints but didn't blow me away with friendliness either. Will go again sometime to give a proper tasting and review.. for now this will have to do.
4	I love this place. Whenever my wife and I come into town (we have a vacation house in Vegas), we always eat at Settebello. The pizzas are made with only fresh ingredients. They are thin crust like they should be in Italy. Perfect size too.
3	The best pizza in Vegas but for the true pizza connoisseur...it's not as good as Tony's Pizza Napoletana in SF.I ordered the margherita which was really good.  My wife ordered this Mediterranean pizza which she loved.  My kids, however, were disappointed that there were no real kids options.  My 8-yr old wanted his usual pepperoni but had to settle for salami.  My 5-yr old wanted a cheese pizza but had to settle for a margherita.  When he saw all the tomato sauce (minus the cheesy mozzarella) he was not pleased.I'd like to return when I'm craving pizza, but I doubt my kids would want to go.
5	Great Italian style pizza.  The "settebello" is my fav pizza with pancetta, sausage, & toasted pine nuts.
5	If you don't love this place, you'd probably love this place called Pizza Hut.Excellent, excellent pizza.  Forget New York whatever, this is the pizza place that delivers the top flight pizza experience on this continent.  I haven't tasted Chicago pizza, but it sounds gruesome from what I've heard. Settebello brings the Italian steez heavy and with devastating effects.  Highly, highly recommended for a surprisingly cheap meal in Vegas.
4	It took me awhile to get to this place but I finally did and I sure am glad I walked in THIS week!!!  The special was made for me and these come and go...I sat at the bar...the bartender tells me they NEVER have chicken on pizza so it is my lucky day (most pizzas do have pork so I would have built my own if the special did not exist)...so my special pizza had...chicken marinated in serrano peppers, lime, honey, onions and garlic on a white pizza (no sauce) - mozzarella and parmesan, with fresh basil and AVOCADO...yes!!!!  I have had cooked avocado-potato pizza at Star in Houston but they put fresh avocado on top...honestly, I loved the heat (serrano slices on pizza and I added red chile flake) and the way the crust tasted...so thin in middle but the outer crust was so delish I kept dipping it in the minimal chicken juices left on the plate.  I finished the whole thing.I hope they put that on the menu permanently. MMMM! - see pics!UPDATE 6/1/10: The last 2 times I have been (see pics) I have ordered unusual things - I added lemon slices to one of the pizzas, and last time I got the pizza bianco and subbed bresaola for the prosciutto - I saw that the list of toppings did not include bresaola but they had it on a salad.  It is cured beef similar to prosciutto but a good sub for non-pork-eaters.  They did not charge extra and it was yummy (needed a squeeze of lemon that came with my tea for acid).
5	If Settebello wanted me to write in their high school yearbook this is what I would say.Remember that one time we ditched Whole Foods and went to eat pizza instead? That was the best.  Your cool. Don't ever change. See you soon!
5	Settlebello has the best thin crust pizza, and perhaps the best pizza, in Las Vegas.   As a former east coaster, this compares well with NY style pizza.Quality of ingredients is excellent.  Simple salads are very good (i.e. greens, onions and parmigianno reggiano) with balsamic vinagrette and pizzas are superb, i.e. the Del Cafone, Settebello and Carbonara versions,  Pizza's are very thin crust and VPN type (Venetian Pizza Certification organization, only other restaurant that is VPN certified in the US is in Salt Lake City, I think).  Toppings are very high quality, some from Mario Batali's father's place in Seattle, Salumi.  Sauce and cheese and olive oil are great too, and well proportioned.  Pizza's do not come cut unless you ask (I guess uncut is traditional).Kid's meal at $5.99 as of this review date is a great deal, margherita pizza, drink and a small cup of gelato.Much happier since this moved from the Valle Verde/Horizon Ridge location to the District (east side) location in Green Valley.This is a casual family place and the service tends to be reasonable for the type of restaurant it is.Highly recommended and very consistent high quality food/reasonable service.
4	fortunate to have such authentic pizza in Henderson. Everything is good Quattro fromage is a favorite. Do not expect American pizza fare here, leave that abomination for dominoes. This is the real deal.
5	We went on a trip to Naples, Italy a few years ago and fell in love with their pizza style, very unique. When we visited Settebello for the first time, our memories of our trip came back, they are exactly the same, fresh ingredients, amazing dough, just perfect!I have to say that it is the best pizza, we absolutely love it!!! And the service always outstanding, we will miss you guys!!!!
5	Luckily, I made it here just before I moved out of town.I ordered the Carbonara pizza, because it seemed like something I would never be able to get at another pizza place in Las Vegas.  It had pecorino romano, eggs, black, pancetta, and black pepper among other stuff I can't remember.  It was all very flavorful, and the crust was perfect for tearing and folding.  Yum.The atmosphere is only okay; the booth was too tall to see anything around us, and I think it's too brightly lit during the evening.  The food makes up for it all though.
5	All right... So far, my 3 other reviews have gotten either 4-5 stars... and I'm not just giving the stars away... Settebello is a little hidden gem in the desert just waiting to be found... like a 10 karat diamond, colorless, flawless one to be exact...  I've heard several great things about this restaurant and FINALLY got a chance to taste the goodness!!It's a flat bread pizza with a flakey crust.  Sinking your teeth into this mouth watering pizza was... simply.... AMAZING...  You can tell the ingredients are of finest, the cheese alone was, drop your jaw-ONO (as we say in Hawaii)...  Eric and I ordered the 2 most popular pizzas on the menu (12") -although my memory gets me everytime and I can't remember the names...  they both have meat on it, so we requested both have half with meat (for him), half with no meat (for me)... It's not comparable to Papa Johns, California Pizza Kitchen, or TJ's...  Settebello is on a whole new level of it's own- far, FAR above those just listed.I can't rave enough about it...  Nestled in the District in Henderson, it's a must try if you're in the neighborhood....and if you don't...tisk tisk, what a shame!!
5	The old Settebello location on horizon ridge and stephanie must have recently been taken off yelp, but it gives me a chance to update/make my review for this restaurant.  Let me start off with background of myself.  I was born in New Jersey and I'm Italian.  That being said, my favorite places to eat at are Pizzerias and steakhouses.  It has become a quest of mine to find good pizza in Las Vegas.  Alas, I bring you SettebelloLocated across the district in the heart of Green Valley, Settebello delivers on all fronts as hands down my favorite Pizzeria currently in Vegas.  This place has the freshest ingredients, the perfect crispness, and just right assortment of cheese, gravy (or sauce for the west-siders), and toppings.  I usually stop in once every two weeks and treat my palate to the plethora of bliss off each bite of a Settebello pie.Personal recommendation is the Prosciutto Crudo pie.... Amazing!!!
4	This is real Wood burning oven Pizza, not a gas fired Fake pizza oven that the brand name is "wood-burning", The guy puts wood in the oven and burns it. No thermostat, or controls. Just his skill. And the pizza is cooked perfect. the sauce is fresh, and the garlic doesn't come out of a jar. Yes I can taste the difference. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is the fact that I like a great champagne with my wood fired Pizza, none here.
5	Excellent.I had the Margherita pizza and added arugula and caramelized onions.  I couldn't detect any basil on my pizza, but other than that it was fabulous.  Perfect crust - chewy & well-toasted.The salads are amazing - can't beat the prices and they don't skimp on the goodies.Dessert.  For $5 you can get a Nutella pizza with fresh bananas and slivered almonds.  It's the same size as their entree pizzas - about 12".  And I think they apply the Nutella with a squeeze bottle.  It's beautiful - a grid of thin lines over the whole pizza, edge to edge.  The bananas are put on while the crust is still hot so they soften a bit but don't get mushy.  I've had Nutella dessert pizzas all over the country & this one is the best so far.You could go the the Strip and pay a LOT more for a similar meal but it won't come close the the quality & authenticity of this comfortable place.
3	The pizza was pretty good but the flavor was ruined by having burned crust on the under side.  The blackened dough pretty much destroyed the experience.   After we complained they offered to remake one of our pizzas. The second was better but still blackened. The Nutella pizza was awesome and so was the gelato.We drove from the strip and I felt it was a waste of time considering all that is offered on the strip.
4	My sister-in-law took me to Settebello's a couple of weeks ago while I was visiting Vegas for work. It was wonderful and I look forward to going back next time I'm in town! It's a cute little pizzeria located in a shopping center across from Green Valley Ranch. We arrived around 8:30 and there was a 15-20 minute wait for a table so we decided to sit at the bar since it was wide open. We started off with the Insalata Grande; Mixed Greens, Artichoke Hearts, Pine Nuts, Roasted Mushrooms, Tomatoes, Olives, Parmesan Reggiano with a balsamic vinaigrette. It was a delicious! For pizza we decided to choose two and share. Our first choice, Pizza Lasagna; Crushed Tomatoes, Wood Oven Roasted Fennel Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Ricotta Cheese, Mozzarella, Parmigiana Reggiano, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil and our second choice...Capricciosa Pizza; Crushed Tomatoes, Prosciutto Cotto, Artichoke Hearts, Roasted Mushrooms, Olives, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil. The pizza lasagna was my favorite! The dough was thin, chewy and had a great charcoal flavor. Next time I would ask for the pizza to be well done so it comes out a bit crispy. Each pizza bursted with flavors from the fresh ingredients and the flavorful crust. I'm from NY and know good pizza and I have to say these guys are doing a great job. Different from your usual NY pizza but still excellent!
4	I have not had pizza like this since my trips to Bermuda. Bermuda has all these little mom and pop trattorias with amazing old world Italian. I was quickly addicted to their fresh Napoletana pizza.Settebello has awakened that addiction in me with their amazing pizza.I started with a bottle of Italian beer, which was great. Settebello has a great selection of Italian micro brews. For pizza I went with the Settebello, because in my opinion if a dish is named after the restaurant's namesake it has to be good. Well my theory proved correct still. The Settebello didn't let me down. The ingredients were fresh and the pizza crust was perfect.I will be feeding my addiction again soon.
3	Of all the food genres, I think reviewing a pizza joint is the most difficult. There are dozens of crusts, and textures to choose from. Dozens of ovens it can be made in. Dozens of ways to fuel that oven. Dozens, maybe hundreds of toppings to choose from AND infinite ways to combine them. You get the point right?So with that understanding, I must preface my 3 star review by making my pizza tastes public. There are three ratings on my Iron Chef judging sheet.1) Thickness of the crust (in my case the thinner the better)2) Texture of the crust (crunchy, crispy, chewy, ALWAYS)3) Red sauce (savory, tangy, sweet, not overpowering)I give the pizza 3 out of 5 stars all the way down. I would definitely go back for a slice or two. Does it compare to my NYC slice, or Pizza al metro in the alleys of Florence? Not up in here....NOT UP IN HEAYA!!
5	After 2 years of living in Las Vegas ,  I'm going to go ahead and name Settebello my favorite restaurant in all of Vegas. No, it's no Joel Robuchon, but who can eat that every Tuesday anyways? Settebello is the restaurant I will insist to eat in every time I visit (if we ever leave Vegas!). Settebello is the restaurant I will cry about if it ever shuts down. It's my mid week pick me up, my pizza crack. Needless to say this place rocks!Settebello is the awesome pizza place you thought you'd find in Italy but never did. The quality is insanely consistent (I've eaten here probably 50x and have never had a bad pie!). The employees are sweet. The prices are reasonable. Forget flying to Napoli to find that perfect pizza - pizza nirvana exists right here in Las Vegas!
5	I can't say enough good things about the style and quality of food here.  Simply prepared with high quality ingredients, the unique food and preparation speaks for itself.These type of neighborhood restaurants are always good - but this one is particularly unique in what they offer and the quality of what they serve.Joined some friends and family her the evening, shared an Ensalada, Pizza Del Cafone, Pizza Lasagna, et al - all was excellent, service was simple and efficient - food and ability to talk with the table guests was great.
4	Went for a quick  and light lunch before we headed over to Lake Mead.Atmosphere/location: rustic, casual, cozy; located in a big outdoor mall/shopping areaFood:-Insalata Grande: we loved this salad, my Bf and shared it, they split it for you so it was convenient; the dressing was perfect, loved the olives and everything else-Settebello pizza: we shared this one too; the portion was just right for two of us since we wanted not-so-heavy lunch; the crust was okay, not too thick or thin, but a bit soggy and chewy; toppings were delicious!Service: friendly, appropriateWe would definitely go back when we're in LV again.
5	I lived in Napoli for over a year and the pizza at Settebello is exactly the same.  The crust is perfectly chewy and the sauce is full of flavor and not overdone.  I love this place.  The owner actually came over to our table and chatted with us about our meal.  The staff is professional and very friendly.  Not only is the food outstanding but the place is managed properly.  I have eaten pizza at other places, Grimaldis, CiaoCiao,Anthonys, and they are good but not great.  I have taken countless friends to Settebello and they all say that they have been ruined because nothing else will do.  Try this place, if you dare.  You won't be sorry.
4	I lived in Turin, Italy for six months while in my 20s.  This place's pizza takes me back.  It is so delicious and authentic.  I had to have a cappicino to end my evening.  I would go there again and again!
5	YUM YUM YUMit's really gOod! it's the rustic kind of pizza. my bf took me here after we tried this napoletana pizzeria in phoenix, az call pezzeria bianco and we both madly fell in love...therefore, we just had to find a similar one in vegas and it's setebello. give it a try, it's amazing.
5	I have been going to Settebello since it opened in their old location. The best thing about them is the pizza of course. However, over the years, you take for granted the fantastic and friendly service. The food and service are always consistent and wonderful!  I think the best compliment I can give Settebello is that when we have visitors come to town we take them here. It's a a guaranteed winner. We have been there with people from Wisconsin, NY, Oregon, California, Washington and probably a few I am missing; everyone loves it and it's always good. Thank you Settebello for always being so friendly and good. I will be back for more!
4	Great Pizza!
5	To save time, read Nelson's first paragraph in the very next review, then come back to mine.  I echo his sentiments there.What makes places like this great is the thoughtfulness, and dedication to authenticity and quality that radiates throughout a restaurant.  The staff is very young, but attentive and capable, and you can tell they want to be there, or at least aren't loathing their employment.  I do feel sorry for them too having to deal with the knobs that come in angry they can't get a Pizza-Hut like disaster.  That magic oven got brought over form the Valle Verde location as well (I think), and the pizza chefs don't miss.  Dessert hits the mark every time as well.The Bianca is my favorite, which from bottom to top includes that one-of-a-kind crust, buffalo mozz, prosciutto di parma, real parm slices, and arugula.  Messy, salty heaven.  If I do feel like tomato sauce, I'll order a margherita with pancetta and pine nuts.I thank the pizza chef every time I leave.  This is the only place I feel the need to do this.  You should be grateful we have places like this, that Americanize nothing, and give us a treat unlike anything else in town.
4	They have the most authentic italian pizza I have had since living and leaving Italy! One and only complaint from me is that I like stemmed wine glasses and they DO do it traditionally in a small rock glass!
5	proabbly the best ive found so far in Vegas.awesome!lil crowded/tight fit in the bar area...
5	This is one of the best pizza I had in a long time. Actually, I'm not sure when I had a really good pizza. Period.We ordered the Margherita and Settebello pizzas. Also, antipasta misto appetizer. Misto-I love the variety of sampling of Italian meats, veggie & cheese. It was a pretty big portion and very tasty!! Margherita pizza-I wish we ordered something new because I already know how this was going to turn out. It was pretty good and the tomato sauce were tasty.Settebello-Now, this one...I'm in-love with! I loved the sausage sliced on my pizza! I wasn't to sure about having pine nuts in my pizza but, boy, it was divine!!! The texture, taste, blend in so well together! All I know, I have to go back and try the others!!!
4	Since I've been to Napoli and have had Pizza from the city, I couldn't wait to give this place a try.  I've heard so much about it, it was time for me to visit.My son and I came here after a couple of hours at the Pinball Hall of Fame.  We browsed the menu and decided on getting a Diavola Pizza (Crushed Tomatoes, Finnochiona (Peppered Salame), Roasted Red Bell Peppers, Crushed Red Peppers, Garlic, Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil.) and a Settebello Pizza (Crushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Wood Oven Roasted Fennel Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil.)  We planned to split each Pizza in half and share it so we can taste both.When the Pizza arrived, I was pleased to see that it was very similar to the Pizza I had in Napoli.  The first Pizza out was the Settebello.  When I bit into the first slice, I could immediately taste the Fennel Sausage and Mushrooms.....it was sooo good!  The crust is thin and slightly burnt on the bottom, just how I like it.  The ratio of Cheese to Sauce was perfect.  This was a good Pizza Pie.The second Pizza to arrive was the Diavola.  When I took the first bite, the Finnochiona & Red Bell Peppers were the first flavors I could taste....yum!  It too was slightly burnt on the crust.  Another great Pizza Pie.The service was good as we were only 1 of 3 tables in the entire restaurant.  We were there around 4 pm on a Sunday....I hope it was just the time of day that was the cause of the slow business.  I don't want to see this place close down.Will I return?  If I'm ever on this side of Egypt, I will.
3	I was never a big pizza person, until I found Grimaldi's.  My supervisor, who is from the Italian descent, highly recommended this place, so I decided to give it a go.  This is what I had ordered:1st Visit (6 months ago)-Misto (Not worthed, just a plate of deli meat and cheese, one could get it at Albertsons)-Diavolo (Maybe I wasn't a big pepper fan that's why I didn't like it)-Margherita with added toppings, ham, anchovies, fresh basil, sundried tomatoes and artichokes. (The anchovies were placed very far apart on this pizza, and it was ok only, nothing stood out)-Red Sangria (aight)So after this visit, my friend and I decided that this was an ok pizza place, not super incredible like what others have said.  2nd Visit (Yesterday for lunch)-Capricciosa (was aight)-Carbonara (who ever thought scrambled eggs on a pizza is actually good!  It gives it a different flavor)Conclusion:  Maybe specialty pizza isn't my thing.  However, my friends that I went with yesterday kept saying how good the pizzas are.  Therefore; I give it a 3 stars since 2 out 3 loved this pizza place.
3	My search for good pizza continues... When I first came across Settebello's reviews on yelp, I imagined a quaint Italian bistro, sitting in front of a wood fired oven. We walked in, and I was disappointed at how commercial it looked. But getting to the food-the most important part, I didn't think it was worthy of 4 stars. Something about my sauce dripping off of my paper thin crust didn't appeal to me. I've tried many different types of pizzas and this wasn't the hearty cheese+topping rich pie that I like. I shared a pizza with my fiance who shares my passion for pizza, and he agreed. We left feeling hungry. On a brighter note, the ingredients although few were fresh. Also, the tiramisu was delicious. Not too heavy or sweet. Last but not least the prices were very affordable.
5	OH MY LORD!!! I HAVE DIED AND GONE TO HEAVEN!!!!I first had Settebello in Utah!! I was there with my boyfriend for work and we he had been the night before I arrive and said how amazing it was and that I would really like it!  Boy was he not kidding!!! I was there for only 2.5 days and we ate there 3 more times!!! It was amazing!! So amazing that on our way home we heard there was one in NV and tried to locate it, however it was too far out of our way!!!Far out of our way?....yes, but that won't stop us!! We planned a trip to Vegas around Settebello!!! We actually ONLY went to Vegas so that we could go to Settebello!!! We were in Vegas for less than 2 days and ate there 3 times (must be our magic #)!!!  There is not a bad item on their menu!!! My favorites are their Caprese salad, margherita pizza and their marghertia pizza with sausage or salame!!! They also have Nutella pizza for dessert!!! A MUST!!!!!...and amazing gelato!!!!!I just wish that they would open a location in Orange County.  We have a place near us like Settebello, but you really can't compete with perfection!!!
2	The two star "I've experienced better" rating is more than apt in this instance.The decor of Settebello is very nice and the ovens are cool to look at. It's really easy to get all jazzed about the wood fired oven and unique toppings and flavor combinations. Hell, the website does enough boasting about how original and special the restaurant is. But it all comes down to the food and this pizza just was not good.At the most basic level your margherita pizza should be the star. And it wasn't. The crust was flavorless and overcharred. Here's my unecessarily lengthy analogy: You know when you make grilled cheese (and c'mon, everyone makes 2 at a time, how could you eat just one?) and the first one comes out perfect but the second one comes out kinda messed up because the pan is probably too hot and there's not enough butter to help the bread brown correctly and the cheese doesn't fully melt because the thing is going to burn if you leave it on any longer? Well this is how my pizza was, it seemed hastily cooked over too high heat and lacked flavor. Not to mention the sauce was bland and the cheese was amorphous and too stringy. There was exactly one basil leaf on my pizza too and it was burnt to a crisp. All in all, a poor excuse for something so full of itself. Needless to say I was disappointed in a major way with this whole thing.
5	Best pizza in Vegas. Great atmosphere too! Also seeing true italians who were there for a long time enjoying their food and their Italian beers has to mean that it must taste like original Italian made pizza. The pizza defenetly tastes like no other pizza I've had before. My girlfriend has been to Italy and she says that it tastes just like it did in Italy. The service was good too. We can't wait to go back again.
4	This is the best pizza in town and anyone who says otherwise just doesn't know pizza.  I've had many pizzas in some of the best pizza cities in America (chicago and NY), and I've had pizzas from around Naples, so I know my pizza well.  I am also a chef who loves to find good pizza.  And this pizza is the most authentic pizza in Las Vegas if you're looking for Napoleon style pizza.  The ingredients are all imported from italy, and they even had the oven built by a company from Naples.  You can definitely tell the effort they put into it.  The crust is thin, but flavorful.  The sauce has a great balance of tomato flavor and beautiful acidity, perfect as a backdrop for the fresh ingredients.  Even the sausages and hams are imported from Italy, so you will be getting great toppings too.  The cheese melts perfectly, and is the perfect finish to the pizza.  If you ACTUALLY like Italian pizza (unlike all the people that don't like this place), then you will love Settebello!Try their Happy Hour too.  2 for 1 drinks, and cheap appetizers.  The fried calzone on the happy hour menu is amazing!
4	My husband and I drove 22 miles across town to check this place out, after reading all the glowing reviews here on Yelp.  We started with the misto appetizer, which consists of slices of very fresh and excellent Italian coldcuts (salami, proscuitto, mortadella) , cheese, olives, mushrooms and foccacia bread.   It was really good.  Next, husband ordered the capricciosa and I ordered the settebello pizza.  We've been to Napoli so we knew what a Napoletana pizza should taste like (and this is what Settebello promises to deliver).  The pizza here was very good - correct thin flexible crust with a few blackened spots, foldable as it should be.  The toppings were much better than at the majority of pizzarias here in town (especially flavorful was the sausage on my pie).  But did this blow us away?  Sadly not.    That's why I'm giving it only four stars.  However, we ended the meal with the tiramisu, and that was one of the best  I have ever had anywhere!   Another point in their favor were the prices - the most expensive pizza was only $13.50.   In sum, it was a close and very good try, and we would go back again.  But we're still waiting for that blow your socks off pizza moment here in Vegas.
5	The best pizza place in Las Vegas, hands down. The arugula salad is always amazing for a non pizza choice. The Misto is also great with its selection of salumi and cheeses.All of the pizza's Ive had there were delicious, the Settebello and the Carbonara are my faves..Service has been great and just ok but I will keep going back.
3	Good pizza.  Just wish they have bigger sizes.
5	everything is excellent and they have wonderful wines and cocktails. my new favorite watering hole. makes me homesick for ma Bella italia
4	Ever since arriving in Vegas from Australia I've been a big pizza complainer.You see, I don't like New York Style pizza which I find too oily and soggy and I don't like Chicago Style pizza which I find too wet and saucy and not really what I even consider a pizza.Now that i have alienated 95% of US pizza lovers, on with the review.Today while craving pizza I did a little research in the hope of discovering some pizza around town that was neither of these two personally despised styles. I found Settebello on Yelp, liked the look of the photos and the reviews and the wife and I headed there for an early 11AM pizza.I ordered the Diavola and wife had a custom built pizza with mushrooms and pine nuts.The service at the restaurant was great, drinks were promptly refilled and the pizzas arrived fairly quickly.I enjoyed my pizza, it tasted good and the ingredients were clearly of very high quality. I loved the peppered salami on mine. The only drawback was I found the pizzas became very difficult to eat and the middle sections became a bit soggier than I like. I look for a dense, slightly chewy crust about 2/3s of an inch thick and this was very thin in the middle. I think id be awarding this six stars if the crusts were about twice as thick as they are now.Of course, despite the fact that I really enjoyed my meal here, this doesn't solve my pizza problem. Pizza is a food I want to grab on the way home to graze upon for the remainder of the evening in front of the TV or computer and this is most definitely not that sort of pizza.In short - not what I was really looking for, but a high quality pizza restaurant for a sit down meal, not 100% to my personal tastes but probably the best tasting pizza I have eaten in Vegas. That's not saying much, but it's still a thumbs up overall.
5	Thank God for Settebello! It turns out that I've been under a rock for over 20 years.   Did you know that "pizza" joints do not truly make real pizza? Unless it's Vera-certified (aka Verace-certified) then what they're making is an imitation.  Quick history lesson: Pizza originated in Napoli, Italy.  There, they set the bar for how pizza should be made.  Since then, "pizza" has been replicated in different ways but many have not followed the original guidelines.  So bottom line, unless it has a Vera certification of authenticity, it's not pizza.  The good news is that Settebello IS.  And, it's AWESOME.What we ordered:Pizza Lasagna $11.99Settebello Pizza $12.99 GET THIS! Awesome textures and flavor profilesSpecial Pizza with white figs and ricottaIn order to be true pizza, the ingredients and process have to be specific.  For example, the flour is imported from Napoli.  And it makes for a perfect crust.  Their crust has a bite to it, but it's not crispy or cracker-like.  It still maintains a doughy consistency, and I love that it's not bready.  Toppings are generous and are not overpowering.  Flavor combinations can be simple like a Margharita, but fear not foodies! They can also be very creative and different.  One thing I was skeptical about was that they don't use tomato sauce.  It's a no-no according to the Verace Association.  (Yup. They even have an organization to mandate pizza... they're hardcore!). Instead, they use crushed tomatoes which I found to be SOOO much better.  I want my pizza that way from now on thank you very much.There are only a few Vera-certified pizza places around and can be found here: http://www.pizzanapoletana.org/shownaz.php?n=USAPlease de-virginize yourself if you have not yet tasted true pizza.   And if you're in the Las Vegas area, please make a visit to Settebello.  And tell your friends.
5	I don't want to sound repetitive, but this place is awesome!My favorite is the Carbonara (with garlic) which is made with pancetta and scrambling an egg on top. When it gets to the table, I drizzle more olive oil and sprinkle chili flakes - ala dabs!
5	Good thin pizza.  The pizzas were not as crispy as the other Napoli certified places we've tried, but damn good.  This is what pizza should be.  Every time I eat a pizza like this, I want to commit retail terrorism and burn a pizza hut/papa johns/dominos to the ground.  I had the Diavola and my wife had the Settebello.  Both were amazing.  They came out and were really large, but they're so thin it wasn't a problem.  This is the type of pizza I crave.
4	Excellent traditional Italian style pizza from a traditional oven. Single serving size, great crust and fresh toppings. Something on the menu for everyone. The pizza is the same as served in Italy but it is a bit pricey at $10-15 each. A party of three hungry persons would need 3 pizzas and salad, and the salads are excellent as well. If you are OK with the cost the pizza is well worth it.
5	Truly authentic!! I've been to Italy several times and fell in love with "REAL" pizza. Settebello is like being in Italy without taking the plane ride. The ingredients are so fresh!  I would recommend everyone try this stlye of pizza, you will not regret it!!
5	LOVE IT!!!  I live on the Vegas Strip but it is so worth the drive down to Henderson for this pizza.  Their pizzas are all thin crust pizzas made in the traditional Napoli style and are utterly DELISH!  Each pizza is supposed to serve 1-2 persons depending on how hungry you are.  My husband and I split the lasagna pizza and the involtini di prosciutto as an appetizer.Also, you must have the caramel & peanut butter gelatto confection for dessert.  First time in a long time that a dessert has left me at a loss for words.  He had the cannoli and it was perfectly creamy and crunchy and cinnamon-sugary...  wonderful.
5	Finally a place that my daughter and I both love to eat at.... My girl is 12yrs old and her diet consists of Pizza, Chicken Tenders, Fries and Pasta with white sauce. So because I am trying to eat healthy, those dishes do not say much for HEALTHY!!!  I love sushi  and sushi makes her wanna barf (-her words, not mine). Anyways, back to Settebello - we love it.The pizza just has to be a whole lot healthier than other pizzas, I don't know that for a fact but I totally feel it- call it women's intuition (Women are never wrong!!!) Appetizers- Focaccia - Warm pizza dough topped with sea salt,oregano & Olive oil Ruccola Salad-Arugola, Lemon, Olive oil, fresh ground pepper & Sea SaltI had the Marinara Pizza- Crushed Tomatoes,Olive Oil, Garlic & Oregano -NO CHEESE -My Daughter had the Margherita Pizza- Crushed Tomatoes, Oilve oil, Garlic, Mozzarella - WE ASKED FOR NO BASIL AND ADDED EXTRA CHEESE-Dessert- TOO FULL  but next time we did plan on trying the Nutella Pizza that is topped with of course - Nutella, Whipped Cream, bananas and almonds. Sounds Glorious.......I love that every ingredient is simple and minimal but still so flavorful and satisfying. I will take pizza from Settebello over any other pizza hands down. Finally I can enjoy pizza without feeling like I am clogging my arties because of all the fat that pizza is known for.
2	Eh. I was excited--nay, thrilled to try this place for the first time. Since they are certified for their pizza from Italy I had to try it. There are mixed reviews, but despite my better judgment we went for it yesterday. We ordered their misto plate, basically pizza bread with meat and veggies, their settebello pizza and their lasagna pizza. The misto was salty from the bread to the meats paired with it. The veggies were cooked then chilled, which wasn't pleasant to me. As for their pizza, it's okay. The crust is chewy, toppings are okay and the sauce is between acidic & tangy. Overall, edible but nothing I'll crave again. Good experience with service but the food is too mediocre for my taste. Sorry fans of settebello--I am not a fan.
5	Settebello makes the best pizza in Las Vegas, yes the best. I am partial to Neopolitan pizza and Settebello does not disappoint. Their menu is not extensive nor is their wine list, but I come here for pizza only. It's location in the district is perfect. If you can venture off the strip and have a craving for pizza without a doubt come to Settebello.
2	I had high expectations going into this place because of the Certified Italian Pizza.Started off with the Misto.  Nice little selection of meats and a little bit of cheese.  I liked the addition of the Olives and Artichoke Hearts.  I am an Artichoke fiend.  Probably the highlight of the meal.I decided to try the Pizza Lasagna.  I wanted to see if they were able to capture the essence of a good lasagna.  The Ricotta was nice but it did not represent the fusion of Lasagna and Pizza.  Fork and Knife deal, it was soggy and wouldn't hold up when folded either.Washed all down with a couple of decent Del Sole.Maybe the other selections are better but you would have to take another Yelper's word for it because I am most likely not to return.
4	Amazing pizza and salads.  The Bianca is the only Pizza I've tried here because its so amazing, I don't want anything else.  Would give 5 stars if they had a decent wine list!
4	Great little place tucked away in Whole Foods shopping center. You have to love Naples style pizza to really dig them. Middle of the road on price and great service the night we went. Classy place that definitely deserves a visit!
5	Best pizza in Vegas, hands down! I am a Napoletana afficionado, and take my pizza very very seriously ;-)Please Mr. Setebello, if you read this, please open a location in Summerlin!
5	This place is amongst the best pizza joints in the Las Vegas area.  If you're looking for authentic Neapolitan style pizza, this place really can't be beat.  Perhaps the most remarkable aspect of their pizza is the mozzarella cheese -- it is unbelievably fresh.  To demonstrate this point, I suggest you order the caprese salad, which includes freshly sliced rounds of their buffalo mozzarella.  The cheese simply melts as you place it on your tongue - soft, creamy and rich.   I have yet to find better cheese anywhere else.I was in Venice, Italy on vacation about a year ago and, while I searched the city for a pizzeria that could rival the flavor and quality of Settebello, I was completely unable to find any serious competitors.  It's the truth, Settebello's pizza is actually better than any pizza that I found in Venice.
5	I love Settabello!
5	Forget about it! Best Pizza Eva!
5	I go here at least 3-4 times per month. Yeah, that's how good it is. Settebello will not let you down.
5	I haven't had a pizza here that I didn't enjoy. Not as good as Grimaldi's, but definitely my second favorite pizza place in town. I I'm fanatical abotu pine nuts (pinons) and this place uses them liberally. Sometimes I'll ask them to add an egg on top when I'm feeling fancy. I usually like to ask for it to be cooked a little more  thoroughly to add a little crisp to the edges. I haven't had anything I haven't enjoyed here. Salads, pizzas, desserts. It's all good. The more toppings the better at this place.
5	Although this place gets a little cramped during peak dinner times- the food makes up for it.  Never have I had such delicious flavors in PIZZA.  Light crust, melted cheese, the most amazingly flavorful olives I've ever had...etc.  Delicious.  The drinks are a little pricey and menus could be more descriptive but oh...that pizza..Don't forget the massive cannoli too..
4	I ordered the Capricciosa. Settebello offers authentic Italian pizza, the proscuitto was very tasty, the service was fast and i enjoyed my visit. I will go back when i have the craving for pizza.
5	Yum!  In any big city pizza places aren't hard to come by.  Some are fine, some are good, few are great.  If you're looking for a New York, Jersey, or Chicago style pizza, Settebello is not your place.  This is Napoli style. Before you try it, drop the expectations of what you know of pizza.  My first visit to Settebello was on a date.  The date was mediocre, but he got major brownie points for choosing the venue!   That was probably the sole reason any more dates followed... This was at their old location on Horizon Ridge, now they've moved to a more visible and accessible location next to the whole foods in Green Valley.  I was in love with their pizza after my first experience.  Check out their website for their story of their imported oven (one of the super hot brick ovens that cooks the pizzas in under two minutes) and information about the origin of their ingredients.These pizzas are thin, Napoli style crusts.  Cheese is fresh mozzarella (depending on what pizza you get, it's not standard) applied as splotchy discs - not the half inch thick layering of rubbery mozz that most American pizza eaters are accustomed to.  They treat cheese as it should be treated, less volume, more quality.  Aside from the crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside crust, the toppings are the reason I return.  High quality tomatoes mingle with marinated mushrooms, caramelized onions, and they serve pizzas where pine nuts and artichoke hearts come standard... Sigh... My response to these pizzas makes my boyfriend jealous.
5	Even though there have already been excellent reviews written for this establishment, I need to include my kudos to the owners and staff.  My husband and I came across this restaurant by chance, as we were thumbing through one of the tourist magazines while waiting in line at a casino buffet. We were intrigued enough to add it to our "to do" list while we were in town last week.We called on Wednesday night, to verify the hours of operation only to learn that they were out of pizza dough and would be closing earlier than anticipated.  Not to be dissuaded, we arrived around 1:30 pm Friday afternoon.  The place was busy, however, we were promptly seated.  Our service staff were very friendly and attentive.After looking over the menu, it was clear that we would be ordering more than just pizza.   We ordered the Focaccia and Involtini di Prosciutto from the appetizer menu and for the main dish the Settebello Pizza.  The Focaccia was amazing with the sea salt and olive oil.  The dough was crisp yet chewy.  The Involtini di Prosciutto was a wonderful treat.  The baby arugula had a very mild peppery essence, but when combined with the mild goat cheese wrapped in salty prosciutto and drizzled with olive oil and balsamic reduction.  OMG, delicious!  Our only complaint was that we only received two.  The Settebello Pizza was an enjoyable experience.  The description that the pizza can be a little bit soggy was close to true.  Then again, I don't mind eating my pizza with a fork and knife.  I am not a big fan of sausage (I don't particularly care for fennel seeds), but even the sausage on this pizza was good.  The earthy combination of the mushrooms, pine nuts and pancetta was a tasty treat.  Then to add in the crushed tomatoes and mozzarella took this to the next level.We left the restaurant very satisfied and happy to have found the ad for it. As we were driving out of town the next day, my husband pulled out the "to-go " menu for Settebello's.  We called in an order for the Focaccia and the Involtini di Prosciutto.  We just couldn't resist taking advantage of one last opportunity to enjoy these tasty items before heading back to AZ.This is not the American-style pizza that many of us have been force-feed over the years.   If you are expecting or enjoy the thick, doughy, greasy crust pizza, this is not for you.  For the rest, this is amazing pizza.  While I have never traveled to Itay, I can attest that this is one of the best pizza's I had the pleasure of enjoying in Las Vegas!
5	Great service for such a popular place. Their pizzas are delicious.
4	When I crave for pizza, I Crave for Pizza!! At first, I was thinking delivery from one of the chain pizzas or a mom & pop spot in my  area. I wanted to try somewhere new and I didn't want Chicago or NY style pizza (not that I don't like these types).. I thought Sammy's woodfired, CPK.. but they served the usual americanized pies and I've been there and done that as well. So, after doing some research here on Yelp, I found this place and it was Exactly what I was looking for!I ordered 2 PIzzas1. Settebello: crushed tomatoes, pancetta, wood oven roasted fennel sausage, roasted mushrooms, toasted pine nuts, mozzarella, basil, extra virgin olive oil- I had to order this since they named it after the restaurant! Besides, the toppings sounded more than satisfying. It was Absolutely Divine! Everything from the dough, sauce and toppings were of high quality and was created with such harmony! Pine nuts.. Yeah, they were a nice touch. The only thing is that most of the toppings were placed towards the center and one of the slices didn't have much cheese on it.2. Carbonara: crushed tomatoes, pancetta, egg, fresh mozzarella, basil, parmegiano-reggiano, extra virgin olive oil- I loved the simplicity of the toppings and the addition of an egg. Now, it may not sound like much was put into this pie but they didn't have to put much at all. Due to their superb ingredients/toppings, a little went a long way! I engulfed this 'individual' sized dish in record time! Dessert:Tiramisu: Silky smooth! One of the creamiest and masterly balanced flavors that was subtle yet soooo luscious!! * Not only are Most of their ingredients imported from Italy, Even their Freakin' Oven is Italian!! You won't find a conveyor belt or deck oven here! * Just a note, they do not have Pepperoni!Authentic, Gourmet Pizza with High Standard ingredients and True Italian baking! This place was a Real Treat!! But the sametime not a place I would often go to fulfill my pizza cravings.. I won't be filled with 1 pizza alone as their toppings were lacking but not because they were cheap but because that's their style and thats the proper way of serving their type of pizza. Not to take anything away from this fabulous place but I may just be accustomed more towards the mainstream pies!
4	Definitely a great pizza Napoletana, and probably the best in Vegas. If you are looking to experience pizza a different way or are looking for the pizza you had in Italy this is the place.Our service was great, the atmosphere is nice, and somewhat casual. The high ceilings and stone look on the walls adds to the place, especially when the place is full and the chatter echoes. There is a separate bar area where you can get happy hour deals Mon-Fri, or just have a drink. We ordered the pizza Margherita, the pizza Bianca, and split a Insalata Grande. This was enough food for two and we got to taste the San Marzano tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella and Prosciutto Crudo which were all imported from Italy, and high quality ingredients. Margherita-tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella cheese, and basil. Delicious, with a thin dough you can tear apart and eat with your hands. Eating this brought me back to a family trip to Italy years ago, where all my sister and I ordered for the first week was pizza!Bianca-a white pizza with no sauce, Prosciutto, Parmesan, Mozzarella, and Arugula. Great pizza, clean concept that I have seen elsewhere but the arugula wasn't as fresh and crisp as it should have been to deliver a nice peppery bite. Looking back at the menu make me wish I would have tried the Pizza Carbonara.Insalata grande-a mixed greens salad filled with tons of Italian ingredients which are all great except the greens were soggy, and a few leaves were wilted and unappealing. Overall, I am definitely a fan, and props to Settebello for doing it well. There's nothing radical here, but stick to what they do best and enjoy.
5	As a member of an organization called Vera Pizza Napoletana, Settebello follows a set of standards designed to ensure the quality of their signature dish. These standards include working with high-quality ingredients, following an established recipe that includes hand-rolling, and cooking in a real wood-fired oven. The result is pizza that tastes far better than the doughy, sauce-smothered, greasy mess covered with rubbery cheese-substitute that is served in most pizza joints. Like the organization's name says, this is "True Neapolitan Pizza," as Otton himself trained as a pizzaiolo in Italy for 3 years before opening Settebello.And the pizza at Settebello is sublime -- especially their signature pizza, the Margherita. The crust is thin, chewy, and full of rich, wheaty flavor. The layer of crushed tomato actually tastes like fresh tomatoes with a hint of olive oil. And the mozzarella cheese and fresh basil are perfectly proportioned to complement the pizza without overpowering it. It's pizza you can eat and still feel good about afterwards.As good as it is, Settebello isn't just about the pizza. Their commitment to quality extends to their entire menu. Their focus on fresh, high-quality ingredients makes for really amazing salads. They don't just pull some roughage out of a bag and pour some dressing over it. At Settebello, they lovingly construct their salads by hand, and it shows, with perfect proportions that create a nice mix of flavors.My favorite salad is the Insalata Grande, which combines roasted mushrooms, marinated artichokes hearts, pine nuts, kalamata olives, flakes of parmigiano-reggiano, fresh tomatoes, mixed greens and balsamic vinaigrette. The peppery crunch of the greens melds wonderfully with the tangy chewiness of the mushrooms & artichokes, with the tomatoes, nuts & cheese adding nice counterpoints. It's such a fulfilling experience that I've often ordered it as a meal in itself.I'm no pizza purist. I'm willing to believe in the possibility of good pizza that doesn't follow the tenets of Vera Pizza Napoletana. What matters to me is the final product. Does it taste good? Is it satisfying? Settebello succeeds on both counts, in ways that have kept me coming back again and again.Also, the service at Settebello is always excellent, and the prices are reasonable.
5	I lived in Italy for eight years, and the pizza served here is; veramente Napoletana!  This is the closest pizza tasting like Italia in Las Vegas, and I miss living up the street from Settebello (Actually, I liked to be back in Italy.)  Other than the meat...many of the ingredients are imported from Italy, -even the pizzaiolo and one of the servers are from Italy.  I always go here when I visit Vegas.  It's also nice that they moved to the District where they can get more business.
5	I'm not going to retread everything that's already been said about Vera Pizza Napoletana. What I will say is that the smokiness of the charred  upskirt of the crust, the tart freshness of the San Marzano tomatoes and the savory umami of the mozzarella go together perfectly, brought into harmony by a drizzle of EVOO and a bit of basil.Apparently I have food shame issues, because my thing with Settebello is getting a pizza (always margherita) to go, getting into my car and wolfing it down right then and there. I don't know what's wrong with me, but I do know that Settebello is the best pizza I've eaten in Las Vegas.
4	Great pizza with awesome ingredients. You have to try the panna cotta for dessert. It is amazing with the strawberries and balsamic reduction
5	thank you Yelp! for telling me about Settebello...its actually pretty embarrassing...  ive been staying at Green Valley since they opened...  really the only place i stay when i go to Vegas which is pretty frequently.  anyway...  enough of that.just flat out delicious pizza...  an epiphany in a sense.  the dough, the sauce, the cheese...  it all just sings a beautiful italian harmony.  let me put it this way, my sister and i shared the Capricciosa, and after my first slice, i was actually taking the toppings off and eating separately because i wanted to eat the true essence of the pizza.  after this experience, i can now see why the "true" Napoli pizza is the Margherita, its all you really need.  maybe the Quattro Formaggi will figure in there on the next visit (believe me, there will be a next visit), but thats it.other foods ordered included the Pizza Lasagna (also delicious) by a friend who met my family for lunch, the Quattro Stagioni shared by my parents, and for appetizers the Caprese (ridunkulous), the Involtini di Prosciutto (heavenly) and the Misto (decadent).really, if you are a lover of pure italian cuisine + crazy fresh ingredients of the utmost quality, you must try Settebello.  but do yourself a favor...  stick to the basic Margherita, have an order of Involtini di Prosciutto to start, and share a Misto plate for your cured meat kick.  when the separate elements are this divine on their own you begin to understand why pure italian cuisine is so refreshingly simple, yet wonderful.
4	A fine certified pie. The crust passes the fold test though I felt it was a little bready. The sauce was top notch. Great service just before noon. The atmosphere was a fit for the area though maybe a little sterile.
5	As a former brooklyn ny resident, I'm beyond snob when it comes to pizza. I've been here over a year and wouldn't even condescend to try Las Vegas pizza until yesterday. Heaven. Like seriously. This is my second day IN A ROW at settebello. Shut up...I'll work it off.
5	I love this place! Best pizza I've had on the west-coast! As a vegetarian, I order the Caprese,  Margherita Pizza and Nutella Pizza for dessert. Settebello utilizes high quality ingredients and the prices are affordable. It is never a disappointment when I dine here. I, highly, recommend this place of authentic Italian pizza!
4	Just as good as I had heard about and read in the other reviews.  Definitely a different kind of pizza than most are used to.  Had the Bianca and the Settebello.  Both were very good and I really loved the crust on the pizza.  I could have just eaten the crust.  For dessert we had the Nutella pizza and it was delicious.
5	Never cared much for pizza until a foodie friend recommended Settebello.  And, now...I suffer from Settebellotitis.  I ache, crave and long for their pizza and carpaccio salad.  The freshness of the ingredients and the special preparation I know that goes into their product is undeniable.  I spent $30 for an iced tea, pizza, carpaccio salad and tip and for the average working girl, it's definitely a treat and DAMN WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY!!!For those who "don't get it" and think there's too much hype surrounding Settebello...well, they're probably used to the fast food junk out there and there's no reasoning with them.
5	Best Pizza in town!!! Really authentic italy style pizza.  Highly recommend!!
5	You will dismiss the lack of ambiance when you wrap your lips around a slice of one of Settebello's pizza's..Fresh ingredients, baked in their wood burning oven Settebello is by far one of the city's tastiest pizza restaurants to date.The restaurant itself isn't very sexy but who needs sexy and ambiance when you have deliciousness such as their gourmet pizzas?If you haven't been, you should make an effort to stop by, your taste buds will thank you!
5	Only Tony's in San Francisco has better pizza than Settabello's.
4	On this visit I once again had the quattro formaggi - topped with tomatoes, fontina, gorgonzola, mozzarella, and parmigiana reggiano cheeses, strips of fresh basil and evoo.The gorgonzola cheese was really overpowering - I think some accidentally slipped through the chef's fingers because it's never tasted this strong. For this reason (and the tiramisu, which I'll get to later) I gave it 4 starts, which is killing me as I love this place.The restaurant was packed (on a Thursday night) so we opted to eat at the bar. I would definitely eat there again as the counter area was huge!We decided to try dessert for the first time. My husband has never met a  tiramisu he didn't fall in love with, but this one was just ok. I tasted it and was really disappointed, but we come here for the best pizza on earth so we can live with the fact that their tiramisu sucks!There was something called the Dream Bomba calling my name, so I forced myself to order it: chocolate covered peanut butter gelato with caramel and chocolate drizzled over the top. OMG it was fabulous - da bomba!
5	Best pizza I have had in the Las Vegas! I have friends that swear by Grimaldis.... but I have yet to try it and compare. I will let you know when that time comes! (possibly tonight!)I used to be a sucker for Chicago-style deep dish pizza UNTIL I ate at Settebellos!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE their Naples-style thin doughy crust pizza. I got a classic margherita pizza with basil and prosciutto crudo on top. YUMMMMYYY!!!I literally almost ate every single piece, but decided to take one piece home for a late night snack. My favorite thing to do is eat the whole slice.... then take the doughy crust and dip it into a plate of olive oil with a bit of balsamic, fresh red pepper flakes, and parmesan. SOOOO GOOD!
5	Settebello is BY FAR the best authentic Italian Pizza in Las Vegas. I think they could expand their menu to offer a few handmade pastas as well, but their salads and fresh ingredients on the pizzas really set them apart. we eat there at least once a week for lunch or dinner.
3	Very good, but highly overrated.
4	Had lunch here with some friends on a Friday noon. The place was maybe half full. We ordered the quattro formagio pizza and the settebello with the antipasti appetizer.  The antipasti was very good with 3 kinds of meat, 2 kinds of cheese, artichoke hearts, and garlic flat bread that was very very good.The pizza here is thin crust, but not crispy... rather doughy. The taste is awesome on both pizzas, but the center part gets soggy which I don't like.Would come back here with others, but probably not alone as I would not be able to finish one pizza by myself, and would not want to take it home as it will get too soggy.
5	Pizza reviews, in my opinion, should be separated by catagory/type of pizza. Chicago style, Cali style, NY style, chain, Napoli style, etc. All potentially delicious, but with very different and crucial characteristics. Settebello is Napoli style at its best! Brick, wood fired oven, thin stretchy crust....*drool* sorry! I try to attempt to switch it up and try all their different pies. It helps when the whole family goes so I can try someone else's as I'm addicted to the Bianca... prosciutto crudo, parm, mozz, olive oil topped with fresh arugola that wilts slightly from the heat of the pie. Man, it's good! But I have managed to order others, and here's a few stand-outs for me: the Diavalo, crushed tomatoes, peppered salame, roasted red bell peppers, red pepper flakes, garlic, mozz and olive oil. The Capricciosa, crushed tomatoes, prosciutto cotto, artichoke hearts, roasted 'shrooms, olives, mozz and basil. In truth, my family has tried most of the menu and likes it all. A big favorite of ours is their Insalada Grande. For my youngest, my husband and myself, it is our absolute favorite go-to salad in town. The vinaigrette is perfect and it is never over dressed. My oldest likes it as well, but excruciatingly picks out the artichoke hearts (hates the pickled ones), purple leaves (grrrrr) and the parm shavings...all of which her younger sis is more than happy to take off her hands.We go at least once a month, sometimes more. Last, but not least, for heaven's sake get yourself a cappuccino!!!  It's Illy, and it's bloody perfect!
2	Maybe I am a pizza snob, but I dont think so I know value and taste, and this place had neither for me. I ordered the Lasagna Pizza and I was the last one to get my pizza in a party of around 15 people. Others who ordered after me got theirs prior, so an "F for service. then when it fianally arrived, the dough was very dry and rubbery overly chewy and overall very bland tasting pizza. The only reason I inhaled the pie was because by the time I got served, I was starving from waiting such a long time. needless to say after dropping over 25 bucks for one pie and some water, I will not be back there again!
4	We initially had a bit of confusion during seating due to their happy hour policies. After a few moments of irritation, we were able to secure the same price for our beverages while seated in a booth (they normally require you sit at the bar, but one of our party was under age). Our waiter recommended that we try their insolata appetizer, which was prosciutto wrapped around arugula with goat & other cheeses, olive oil and balsamic reduction. It was a delicious, light start. We ordered two pizzas; the cappricioso (spelling?) and the special of the week, which was a white pizza with cannelini beans sauteed with salami. Both were satisfying and flavorful on a super-thin crust. My boyfriend found the special pizza to be rather bland and didn't finish his piece, neither did our friend. The other pizza had big hunks of kalamata olives that provided a strong briny flavor that complimented the pizza well. It also looked like they use a real wood-fire oven to cook their pizzas. Their tiramisu was creamy with a good balance between sweet, bitter espresso and creamy cheeses. The lady finger bunny ears on top were a cute touch but they weren't very crisp. I had sampled some of my boyfriend's left over slices the day before and declared the pizza to be crave worthy which was one of the primary reasons we ventured here. One of his friends had proclaimed it the best pizza in Vegas, which I doubt. It's tasty, yes, but a true pizza master could craft better. If we're back on this side of town we'll probably come back given my boyfriend's insatiable love of pizza. We'll  be sure to try lots of other places, though, before we can call this the absolute best.
4	We went there late on a Tuesday night. The place was pretty empty. But there was a lot of phone order take-out. The pizza was very good. One of best we had since Pizza Bianco in Phoenix. Wood fired brick oven delivered a nice charred crust. At first, the char flavor was a little overwhelming and it took a little bit more than a few bite before we started to enjoying them. We ordered Magherita, and Del Cafone pizza. They both are very good. Del Cafone is sausage, roasted red pepper, onion, and mozzarella without the sauce which was a little dry. We solve the problem by splash some olive oil over the slices before we ate them.Our favorite course was the appetizer "caprese", it was sliced round tomato with sliced fresh mozzarella topped with fresh basil and olive oil. The waitress brought over the appetizer split on two plate without us asking for it, we thought that was very good service on her part.Overall, the food was wonderful.I personal think the only reason this place is not packed is because of the price. I mean, all the items on th menu are very affordable, but after the meal I signed for $43 on my credit card. I started thinking if that is just a liitle too much to spend on pizza for two?
5	Fabulous Food!  If you like salad you MUST try the insalata grande, and it's plenty big enough to share.  There isn't a down-side to this restaurant.
3	I don't get it.What is up with the hype behind this place?  I get they have AUTHENTIC Napoli pizza.  I get that they use fresh, quality ingredients. What I don't get is why I pay $13 for a soggy sponge with some toppings on it.  I used to work in a restaurant.  I made pizzas in a wood burning oven.  I hand tossed the dough.  I even made the dough from scratch.  And despite my being a busboy, not a cook, my pies were still better than those I had in two separate visits to Settebello.  I just don't get the hype, sorry.  (3 stars for the excellent service).
5	Settebello's makes the best pizza I have ever had. No questions asked. The margerita is very very good, and you will certainly not be disappointed. I would give it a 4 star.The Pizza Carbonara is fantastic. The egg on the pizza is awesome, and I would give this pizza a 4.5. My only problem is that the pancetta can be a bit salty and sometimes overpower the pizza.Finally, the Settebello pizza. It was actually the last one I tried because I am not generally a fan of sausages. Yet theses sausages were nothing like the overpowering sausages that overpower most pizzas. This was pure, fresh, sausage perfection, and this pizza was absolutely legendary. A 5 star pizza, the best pie I've ever had.NOTE- Unless you are absolutely starving, I am not sure you can eat a pizza and get dessert. I have tried and failed twice, so maybe split a pizza then go for the epic-sounding desserts.
5	This place serves authentic Italian pizza. I know because I used to live in Italy. By far the best restaurant pizza in the US that I have tasted! Well worth the drive every time.
5	I've been searching for a restaurant that follows the true Naples (Napoli) tradition of pizza making for quite a while.  In my journey I've discovered that it really comes down to the quality of ingredients, coupled with an oven that is made of the right materials, and is heated in a proper way.I'm happy to say that Settebello has NAILED it.  Their pizza is as close to a true Neapolitan pizza as you can get, short of traveling to Naples itself.  Slightly crispy on the bottom, soft on the top, and chewy delicious.  The authentic flavor of tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella, olive oil and basil - it doesn't get any better.The owner went out of his way to bring you a true taste from the birthplace of pizza, and it shows.  Though they offer more styles of pizza than what is traditionally available (to suit the expectations of an American market probably), they do it within reason, and they keep it delicious.Literally everything we had there was great, from the prosciutto, to the caprese, to the absolutely perfect margherita pizza.  If you want that Naples authentic pizza without having to travel to Italy, this is as close as you can get.Pro tip - stick to the marinara or margherita pizza if you want a true taste of Naples.... and for the love of all things holy, get the basil-wrapped prosciutto drizzled with their house balsamic.  You will cry tears of joy.
4	Whenever I hear about something being so hyped up I get a bit hesitant specially when a few of my close friends didn't think it lived up to the hype. We were in the area, got shafted at a few options we wanted to go to over this, but glad we ended up going. I haven't had a Napoletana pizza in a while. We started off the meal with a Misto ($13) plate which has a assortment of bread, meat, cheese and accompaniments. The bread was a bare pizza and our plate consisted of pickled cippolini onions, basil, artichoke, salume di napoli, mortadella, proscuitto, light cured ham, parmesan, provolini. You can taste the quality of the components and I love good charcuterie and was pretty happy with it. We got the Del Cafone pizza ($12). The toppings were quality and the pizza crust was decent. Napoletana pizza I don't think is for everyone and it's not a substitute/nothing like other thin crust styles. I like a bit of a char flavor and chewy, airy in a spongy way type crust is alright for me since I find that enjoyable in certain breads like pao`. Finished the meal with a dream bomba ($5) which was a peanut butter ice cream covered in a chocolate shell. It says it has a caramel heart, but there was very little of it. It was okay, but I kinda wished I got a panna cotta. Ordered this since I haven't had a bomba before but keep seeing it pop up on menus recently. The service was very good. Friendly and super attentive without being intrusive. Our drinks never reached more than half empty, helpful with tips, intuitive about the check, etc.If you're a fan of this style, then come here specially since it's VPN certified. This isn't the best Napoletana I've had in the US (Bollini's or A-16 wins for me) but your best bet in Vegas for authentic Napoli pizze.
3	I ordered the Carbonara pizza. It was a little soggy for my taste... Service was good, and they got the pizza to us pretty fast. I don't think I'd ever go back, but I wouldn't avoid it either.
4	Excellent food, great service. Simple menu of pizza and salad. Wonderful.
5	My new favorite place for pizza! I went to Italy two years ago and Settebello comes closest to the pizza I enjoyed while in Naples. I had the Margherita pizza but added prosciutto cotto. The perfect tasting crust and fresh ingredients make this my new favorite.
4	The best pizza place in the valley hands down.  The food is always consistant and great.  Service is friendly and attentive without being too much.  Well priced and delicious.  Happy hour is a great deal.  I love sitting at the bar.
5	I could rave about the pizza, but I'm going to start by complimenting the Web site.  The owner writes about apprenticing to a famous pizza maker in Italy, and then proceeds to tell you why Napoli-style pizza is distinct.  There's a great line on the site about how pizza crust should only use flour from one mill in Italy, and how the tomatoes are never made into sauce but simply crushed over the dough.  It's like Marcella Hazan's book, distilled into delicious bite-size web pages.  (If you have read her classic Italian cookbook, you know what I mean...)The web site also identifies where their ingredients come from.  You're pretty hard-core when you're a pizzeria and your flour comes all the way from Italy.  In fact, when you walk into the door, there's a big stack of flour sacks right behind the host stand.All of this would be so pretentious if the pizza weren't awesome.  And it is.  This is the closest thing I've had to the pizzas I enjoyed in Rome on vacation two years ago.  And for all the joking in this review about the flour, it really does make a difference.  The crust absorbs the flavor of the toppings but does not get soggy, and it's robust enough to stay in one piece until you cut it.The only con is, as many other reviewers have pointed out, the price.  $13 for a pizza is pricey, but a plane ticket to Italy is at least $1,000, so I really don't think you can complain too much.As a final thought, why is it that when an Italian politician says anything, you just let it go in one ear and out the other (see Berlusconi, Silvio for a modern example, or Craxi, Bettino for an earlier example -- corruption is really a bipartisan activity in Italy).  However, if an Italian chef says that the building blocks of your meal are imported from Italy and cooked in an oven hand-assembled from bricks that are also imported from Italy, there's no question he's telling the truth?
5	I am from NJ where I would enjoy pizza at least 3-4x's a week.  When I moved out here I couldn't find anywhere near the quality of NJ pizza (no, not Metro or Girmaldis either).   I kept hearing about Settebello and Joey's Brooklyn Pizza.  I finally tried Settebellos.  It is amazing.  Would do well in any borough of NYC and NJ.  I strongly recomend it!
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas. The menu is limited but everything is amazingly delicious. Be prepared to wait if you go on a Friday or Saturday - but well worth it!
4	Overall:  Good quality pizzas, especially if you're looking for authentic Italian (not NY) pizza.  Pizza dough is cooked well and tastes good, and the sauce, although light, is full of flavor.  Because of a good pizza foundation, any toppings would be a fine complement to the pizza.  If you're expecting a heavy pizza like Pizza Hut, don't go here.  Go to Metro Pizza or Grimaldi's.Setting: Early Dinner w/ brother on Saturday, 05/28/2011Thumbs Up: Misto appetizer (Italian meat sampler), Margherita con (pick your toppings - we got artichoke hearts and roasted mushrooms), Capricciosa pizza (if you've never had prosciutto on your pizza, you're missing out).
5	Authentic Italian pizza. I love the margarita pizza, thin chewy crust- fresh and full of flavor. The salads are simple and tasty as well.
5	Excellent pizzas and sangria.. must visit and eat place.
4	I would like Settebello to consider opening up a restaurant in San Jose, CA. :)  Delicious! Crust was thin, light and chewy! Ordered the Bianca which had white sauce with procuitto, shaves of parmesan and fresh arugula! Scrumptious! Also tried the Settebello which had red sauce, mushrooms and sausage. Very tasty and tomato sauce was light, the sausage was not greasy or heavy.
3	I went here for fathers day... so please consider that ... it was busy. My favorite is the Misto but that night they ran out of the artichoke and my daughter's pizza order they made a mistake. The food is good and I feel fair to give it a 3 star. I think if everything was up to par and it was not fathers day ... I would recommend 4 Stars. I would recommend Misto to everyone.
5	We always order a salad with a margherita pizza. Can't go wrong there! Service is good (though we go early so we are usually the only one's there) and the food is superb!
5	This place makes me smile! I can not wait to come back and try more! We went this Friday evening around 8pm and it was packed. Seated in a corner table, our server was very nice. To my left was a large party of Italian speaking adults. It was almost as if they set the ambiance for us. You could hear the older lady just going on and on. I do not know if they are affiliated with the business or not but it made our 4 star experience a 5 star! We started with the caprese and an order of focaccia bread. You can tell a lot from a caprese because of the simplicity of this dish. The tomatoes were perfectly ripe, the mozzarella creamy and the olive oil just flavorful enough. I cracked some sea salt and pepper onto the top and was in heaven. The focaccia was not the bread I am used to. It was wonderful, but I was looking forward to the thick chewy bread I love. My husband said this was more traditional and he devoured it.We then ordered our first pizza. The Settebello because if you are going to name a dish after yourself it should be the best you have. And it was! The prosciutto was incredible. It makes my mouth water thinking about it! the small sliced sausage cooked to perfection. I even loved the tomato sauce. Just a very light sauce.Our next pizza was the Bianca. This was my husbands favorite. It had fresh arugula draped over the top, not tomato sauce but creamy amazing cheese.Then we had dessert. A lemon tart with the most amazing crust. It was thick and flaky and heavenly. I can not wait to return with friends!
5	I lived in Italy for 6 glorious months and I have been searching for Italian style pizza ever since I left. After 7 long years, I found it at Settebello! This is not your typical American pizza joint. You order your own individual pizza and you eat it Italian style, with a knife and fork (or they will slice it if you prefer). The ingredients are straight off the boat and that is what makes the pizza delicious! They get their meats from Salumi in Seattle, it's Mario Batali's father's cured meat shop. He spent months perfecting his art in Italy and you can taste the perfection!The signature settebello pizza is a real gem. My husband usually orders it so I go with the pizza Bianca. It doesn't matter what you order, everything is a winner. There is always a special pizza of the week and if you get on their email list they will send you the specials in advance. This is dangerous because it makes me want to eat here every single day! I have also had the pleasure of trying the salads. They are just as good as the pizza and they will gladly split them for you. Since leaving Italy I have also been on the lookout for Italian gelato. Again, Settebello excels above the rest. The gelato is very authentic and  they have a special flavor every week. My favorite so far is the vanilla cinnamon, sounds crazy but it is crazy delicious!The prices are a bit high, but they are flying the ingredients in from Italy for crying out loud! You don't need to buy a ticket to Italy to have authentic Italian pizza anymore, just stop by Settebello on your way home!
5	Fantastic!!! Loved our meals! Cant wait to go back!!!!! Cant beleive we didnt try this place sooner! YummmmmmmmAs a vegetarian i ordered... the margarita pizza which was AMAZING and the Salad with pine nuts was DELISHHHHHHH!!!!!
5	WOW.. you thought you loved pizza before?  Head on down to Settebello and be blown away!  The pizza here was amazing and tasted so freakin' good.  My buddy Wayne C. showed me Settebello and explained to me the story behind their pizza making and how their ingredients are flown fresh from Italy to be prepared right here in Vegas.  The pizza definitely accounts for the taste and the price was actually pretty decent, which is surprising.  I usually equate the GVR area with forking out tons of cash but I was pleasantly surprised with Settebello's quality and pricing.Since I've visited here, it has become pretty hard to munch on a regular ol' pizza and put a smile on because most other pizza pies I've tried doesn't even compare.  Definitely won over my vote for best pizza ever and I look forward to frequenting this joint again to try the Italian drinks and appetizers.
5	My recommendation: Pizza LasagnaAs an appetizer, the Caprese is a winner.I'm not a big fan of pork and unfortunately that's the only meat topping they have but I don't miss it for a second here. All of their pizzas are so tasty. Especially the pizza lasagna. Settebello's has the best pizza I've ever had in my LIFE!
4	very good pizza. I like the thin pizza throughout and small crust. It was easy to eat one pizza myself and not feel stuffed. Also, very nice location off Green Valley Parkway w/ nice shopping area outside. I think we ordered the Settobello pizza, Quattro Stagioni ,and the Pizza Lasagna. I would definitely come back for more pizza.
5	Fantastic Pizza, wow!So good.  Go get some authentic Italian Pizza!
4	This place didn't start out promisingly. A sangria and antipasta plate later I was thinking it was a giant mistake to come here. The sangria was pretty mediocre and the antipasta plate was terrible. The pizza, however, redeemed all. I ordered a carbonara pizza with egg on top (my new fave pizza topping) and thought it was delic. The crust, tomatoes, mozzarella- all perfect. Was I back in Naples?? Almost a 5- if only that delicious egg wasn't overcooked. Other than that- awesome pizza!!
4	I went here on a recommendation from friends, but when I found out the establishment is owned by Brad Otton, that was another reason to pay homage to this joint.  The guy was an awesome QB at USC who led the team to one of the most-satisfying victories I had ever witnessed: 'SC's 1996 win over Notre Dame at the LA Coliseum.  But I digress.I'm giving this rating with one caveat, though: I think the restaurant's HVAC was too cool, and consequently, the pizza got cold before I could finish eating the damn thing.  Nevertheless, if this is what authentic Italian pizza is like, it compares favorably, in my opinion, with NY-style pizza.  I had the Pizza Lasagna.  Excellent.  My friends and I went on a Sunday for lunch, which I have to say was perfect because there was no wait.  I will definitely return on my next visit to Vegas, because there were other selections on the menu that really caught my eye.
5	To date, I've found no one in the Vegas valley who does Neapolitan pizza better than Settebello. Granted, they're not my favorite in the entire U.S. (Pepe's in New Haven, CT would take the cake there with their Everyman pricing and their variety of toppings/options), but they do what they do, and they do it consistently well.Never once do we come here and wonder how flavorful or well-spiced or well-cooked our food I'd going to be. Obviously, they've found a formula and they're good at teaching their staff to prepare, cook, & serve their pizzas and salads to their exact specifications -- and I really dig that! I like not having to gamble on the expected tastiness of my lunch or dinner (coughBRIOcough).For what they are, they're a tad bit on the pricey side, which I blame in part on the franchise (though I have no idea what the original location in SLC charges) and in part on the fact that the spot they chose is in The District, which is infamously in such debt as to be in foreclosure. I also blame this in part on the fancy-pants imported ingredients, but I guess one has to do all that to get one's "Vera pizza napoletana" certification. Yeah, not bloody likely, but anyway...The pizzas are on the largish side for one person, but not quite enough for two. However, splitting a salad AND a pizza seems to be just the right amount of food without feeling uncomfortably full. My boyfriend do this every time we go and it's perfect (he's got a pretty healthy appetite, too). I can recommend anything on the whole menu, as long as you like the ingredients. I'm not a huge fan of sausage--yes, ha, ha--so I like to stick with the other meats. I won't eat mushrooms on pizza & they're happy to leave those off for me. If you're a pepperoni lover, try the peppered salami; it's the closest thing to pepperoni that they have there, and it's even SO much tastier!! They also have the best damn espresso & biscotti I've pretty much ever had.My only semi-complaint about this place is the service, and then only sometimes. The kids (the servers look like they're barely halfway through high school, which in and of itself isn't a bad thing) are pretty nice and helpful most of the time, though you get the occasional one who's sulking around in a cloud of bummed-out-ness (I'm assuming because some girl/guy didn't smile at them in math class that morning) and thus doesn't seem to be super excited to be there serving you. That's fine with me, though -- I don't mind that as much as when they get super bored and hover over you like a hawk. For example, we went for dinner on July 4th and there weren't too many patrons, but several servers. No fewer than three of them came by no fewer than 5 times each while I was STILL EATING and wanted to take my plate. One guy literally came over and stood there as I swished my last bites of crust around in oil/vinegar on my plate and raised it to my mouth--which I did very slowly as I stared him down--so he could take it to the kitchen for something to do. Go fold some napkins, son! Go refill the condiment bottles! I could easily come up with a list of things you can do that doesn't include stalking me for my plate. Oy.I'd knock half a star off for that, but Yelp still hasn't gotten with the program and allowed half stars. (Hint hint! Get with it!) Bottom line, I'll still keep coming back time after time for the most consistently delicious Neapolitan-style pizza in the valley, and the more-often-than-not good, friendly service!
5	This un-pretentious place in Henderson has some of the best pizzas in town. If you like thin, crispy crusts, this is the place to go. I've tried several, but my favorite is the Capricciosa, which has olives, artichokes, basil, and more goodies. I think they execute it to perfection, and they get it right every single time! The Caprese Salad is nice too, though this is a dish that is hard to mess up (though so many home cooks do so). I also enjoy their Beef Carpaccio, which always leaves you craving for more. Overall, this place is always busy, has a nice ambiance, and is very un-pretentious, despite their excellent food.
3	Visited Settebello for a dear friend's birthday. She wanted to try it so bad that it made ME excited. I must say at the end of the evening here is what went wrong:1. The service was curt, though polite, and when I asked for a suggestion she nearly rolled her eyes and said, "everythings' good." For a place serving true Napoli pizza, I was surprised that it seemed the wait staff didn't take more pride in their product. I settled on the Margherita. 2. We ordered our food slightly behind a LARGE party. Though I am understanding and don't mind waiting for my food, knowing the chefs need to make things in order, I am discouraged from returning from the HOUR WAIT. My friend was getting tipsy from her martini sitting on an empty stomach. 3. The ingredients were fresh, delicious, amazing in their flavors and textures. However my friend ordered a pizza with Italian Sausage on it. In her entire pizza there were FOUR SLICES of tiny sausage on it. I get it that your ingredients are imported. But we didn't pay $15 for a pizza to get FOUR slices of sausage. My lemon drop martini and friends glass of wine were wonderful. The pizzas tasted like heaven. But price and portion size made me wish we'd gone to Grimaldi's. And I'm sure my waitress was embarrassed from our long wait time because she never offered dessert.
5	Delicious real Italian pizza!  Don't come expecting pepperoni and sausage.  Can get busy on weekends.  Happy hour is nice but I wish they offered the regular menu toppings on the mini pizzas.  Don't try to share a pizza - you'll want the whole thing to yourself!
4	Pizza is a way of life for me. I take it as serious as somebody would take an IRS audit or having a child. Pizza holds the hope of a nation inside of it's golden flaky crust. We are the children. Whatever. This is Las Vegas, home to thousands of transplants from the mid-west. Anytime somebody talks about pizza, everybody has some random story about the hole in the wall from their town that makes the best pizza ever. Every place out here is a chain or a gut bomb grease fest. What does it take to get a decent pie out west? I'm not sure Settebello qualifies. This pizza is sort of a subsidiary of the normal pie quest I reference above. Yes, it is pizza. Sure, it is delicious, but it's not what you're thinking of when you're sitting around with a few buddies watching a football game and somebody says "Hey, let's get a pie". Settebello is a traditional pizza in every sense of the phrase. They have several topping choices which will remind you of your typical topping choices, but taste 10x better. On this occasion I ordered the Margherita pizza with the wood fired sausage. It was amazingly good, but again, not a normal pie. The sauce is basically crushed tomatoes, but the best tasting crushed tomatoes you could imagine. They throw a little basil and mozzarella on there and you're good to go. If you don't arrive here expecting a pie in the American sense of the word, you'll be just fine. Just make sure you ask them to cut the pizza for you, because they won't if you don't ask them. Minus one star because the olive oil / vinegar bottles they leave on the table leak EVERY SINGLE TIME, which prompts you to have it on your cell phone, or shades, or all over your hands, etc. It's annoying. Yo Settebello, get some new oil / vinegar bottles, na'mean?
4	The smell of pizza welcomes you as you enter the restaurant. You can see the beautiful oven from Naples, just like the one that I saw when I went to a pizzeria in Napoli, Italia. We didn't want to wait for a table, so we sat at the bar. Over large marble slabs, the bartender reached across, put down two bar napkins and asked us what drinks we'd like.We ordered:Del Sole: Vodka, Campari, Limoncello, Orange Citrus, and some tart yet sweet concoction, mixed up to create a 16 oz. sunsetting blended color of deliciousness that paired quite well with the pizza, possibly because of the tomatoes' acidity. Del Sole means "of the sun." Oh what fun!Negroni: Gin, Vermouth, and Campari, came on the rocks and with a lot of strength. This 8-ouncer'll do you in on an empty stomach, and although it doesn't completely complement the food, it's got a kick to it.Negroni means "big black ones."After she gave us drinks, she put our order in for the Antipasto called Involtini di Prosciutto, meaning Wraps of Prosciutto.Involtini di Prosciutto: Two wraps of thinly shaved prosciutto tightly stuffing arugula together, just like a bacon-wrapped hot dog, with shaved parmigiano reggiano and mini chunks of goat cheese to create a flavorful party for your palate.While we were snacking on that, our bartender asked us what we'd like for our meal. We chose:Margherita Pizza: San Marzano tomatoes crushed into an amazingly sweet and slightly tart sauce, basil, mozzarella, and olive oil. The pizza crust came out with air bubbles just like the pizza in Naples. However, the crust was not crispy like the crust in Naples. Either way, the sauce is truly intensely packed with flavor and the pizza was great none the less. We got the pizza unsliced because that's how Italians get their pizzas.Settebello: the same awesome tomato sauce, pancetta, mozzarella, thinly sliced oven roasted fennel sausage, white button mushrooms, pine nuts and basil. Pine nuts go very well with basil. This pizza is an art piece meant to be devoured as a savage and enjoyed as a king. It was absolutely delicious. Again, we got it unsliced, but next time, we might just have to slice it. We didn't order dessert as I had tiramisu waiting at home, but we did see the bartender keep scooping ice cream for spumoni and we overheard her not being sure whether it was cherry or strawberry, but nonetheless we're sure it was delicious. We will be back for more and to try different things on the menu next time. Arrivederci.
4	We have loved coming to Settabello's since a friend introduced us to this fantastic pizza joint over 3 years ago! This is authentic Italian pizza at it's finest!I almost always order the same thing every time that I come here.There Arugula salad is so delicious! Not sure where they source there Arugula but I can eat there salad with just fresh lemon and cracked pepper on it and the flavor is so intensely delicious. For the main event I order a pizza ,no cheese with extra crisp cooked crust with marinara , garlic, mushrooms, pine nuts, olives, roasted peppers and artichokes and then I finish it with fresh arugula. What can I say...When the Arugula is great you put it on everything. The crust is nice and thin and they use a wood fire to cook the pizza. The Menu is tight but in my opinion they have perfected what they do best.They serve beer and wine and they also do a daily happy hour. They have a great kids meal that consists of a pizza, drink and homemade gelatin for under 6 dollars!  This is an other one of those places that is so good that we travel almost 23 miles from the other side of town to eat here. If you love a delicious  thin crust then this is your place.
5	UNBELIVEABLE pizza for Vegas!!  As a New Yorker and pizza/sandwich snob, I have yet to find better pizza in Clark Co.  MUST BUST
4	This restaurant is located in the District and is a great dine in joint that is fairly accessible. The service was great and the food was worth a revisit. I did peg this a 4 star only because I am still trying to adapt to the taste, which don't get me wrong is good....but different. I have a feeling that once my taste buds acquire the taste this will be a local hotspot of mine.
4	This is, hands down, my favorite pizza in Las Vegas - as far as "Go out to a restaurant" pizza is concerned.  The restaurant is cute and casual.  Perfect for family night or date night.  The service is hit or miss...last night was a miss.  Our server was dissinterested, aloof, spacey, and unattentive.  Some may describe the dough as undercooked or something of that nature.  I describe it as delicious.  Legit - straight from Italy style pizza.  The settebello is my fave!  Basil, sausage, pinenuts, yum.  Its thin but still retains a doughiness.  Toppings are quality and flavorful.  The pizza has a slight burnt authentic flavor from the extra hot wood oven!DO NOT skip the nutella pizza! Nutella, almonds, bananas. double yum. 8 people dined - salad, drinks, pizza, dessert, and such....$20 each.  Not bad at all for a little slice of Italy.
5	Out with my Mom, sister, and niece, we wanted to go somewhere that would satisfy a craving for pizza but still appeal to our need for good, creative food. Service was fast and friendly for a Friday lunch. The waitress made recommendations we loved; from the wine to desserts, she was able to address all of our "I am having a hard time choosing between ____________ and ____________. What wine do you have that is not too _________________ but will complement _________________?She was on her game and catered to the adults as well as the three-year old firecracker sitting across from me.Mangia! Mangia! The Caesar salad was tangy and bright and crisp. The cheese was sharp and the addition of the anchovies was a great salty bite (and that they offered them was a plus!). The Misto plate (antipasto plate) was huge! Amazing options for meats and cheeses - four or five each! - and really creative olive and vegetable offerings. The perfect accompaniment to the salad.Involtini di Prosciutto - Wrapped up a bit like a carpaccio canneloni (or a cannoli, but the inference to the sweet might throw someone off? I digress...), the arugula and goat cheese were wrapped in prosciutto, topped with olive oil, balsamic, a little sea salt, and more shaved cheese. Light, flavorful, and perfectly fresh, you get the bite from the greens, the creamy sharpness of the cheese, and the salty velvet of the meat all in one bite. If I had nothing else at this meal, I would have been supremely happy. This will be easily become a staple for me.Mom, sis, and the kiddo had pizzas. I tried the toppings of the Quattro (think 4 different pizzas, served on one pie in quadrants) and one of their prosciutto specials and found them to be very tasty. Loved the sauces, the cheese combinations, and the veg/protein options. Again with the fresh, fresh ingredients.I didn't care for the cannoli. Not that it wasn't made well... but the cream had dried fruit in it and I am purist when it comes to certain things. I have to admit, I'd take the gun and leave the cannoli. The coffee, gelatos and cheesecake were great. Nothing unique, but excellent nonetheless.A solid, tasty, perfectly executed meal with lots of options, fantastic service, and good pricing (2 huge pizzas, misto, salad, prosciutto, desserts, wine and coffees... for $90?).
5	Again, I love this place.  Husband wasn't that thrilled with my choice until he bit into his settebello pizza with sausage, pine nuts, mushrooms, etc.  THEN he decided I was right, this place is good food!
4	Just ate here for the second time and I'm starting to wonder why I don't come here more often. Perhaps it's the location, it's pretty hidden in the backside of The District over by Whole Foods.The pizzas are roughly the size of a dinner plate so you get a lot of food. This time around I tried the Del Cafore - Wood Oven Roasted Fennel Sausage, Roasted Peppers, Roasted Onions, Mozzarella, Basil, & Extra Virgin Olive Oil.Keep in mind this pizza has NO tomato sauce and after eating it, I'm a big fan. The waitress asked me if I'd like to add tomato sauce to it. I'm like "Why don't I just slap an Italian person right in the face? I want it authentic!"I said that in my best Italian accent... she was impressed.A few of my friends have lived in Italy and they've said that this pizza is about as close to Italian pizza as Las Vegas gets.The caprese is good too, but I really don't know how you could screw up caprese.
5	Was watching the Food Network on Friday and was craving pizza!  Went to Yelp! and found this place.  Why did it take me so long to check this place out?  Who knows but I'll definitely be back!  Had their special:  Settebello (Crushed tomatoes, pancetta, wood over roasted fennel sausage, roasted mushrooms, mozzarella, basil and what I thought was a nice touch... the toasted pine nuts!)  Yum!  We also ordered Del Cafone (Wood oven sausage, roasted peppers, roasted onions, mozzarella, and basil) -- this pizza has no tomato sauce which I personally like because I can actually taste the flavors of all the ingredients.  Sometimes the tomato sauce can over-power the taste of the roasted peppers & onions. Our server, Joey, was very attentive and he's a GREAT singer too!  :-)
4	Very nice setting with helpful, attentive wait staff.  My wife loved their pizza (very authentic Napolitano style from what I remember from our trips to Italy).  The tiramisu was also good.
5	Incredibile, Gustoso, Fantastico, Bella, Semplicemente la Migliore.  I do NOT speak italian, however, when you taste the food here, your mouth will be exploding with simple and great flavors that you will describe as Amazing, Tasty, Fantastic, Beautiful and Simply the Best!1.  Parking - In the District and parking in the area they are at is very, very good. easy and short walk!2.  Ambiance - Very nice, you feel like you are in  an urban environment compared to other places, and certainly 100% more visible than their former location at an empty strip mall on Horizon Ridge.3.  The Wait - If you go during peak times, guess what, you gonna wait. There is not much room to wait, so you can give them your cell and walk around and wait outside or at a few of the shops. This is where West Elm gets most of their foot traffic me thinks.  If you go at slightly off hours,  like dinner on Friday at 7:45 pm to 9:00 pm, you can usually get a table immediately. During normal hours, you get a lot of larger families.4.  The Food - Wow. what can i say?  I love PIZZA. I love Martino's Pizza at their place on Coronado Center and Eastern. I love Metro. I really enjoyed 3 Brothers when they were open.  I enjoy all the stuff in a mixed combo.  I would scarf down these pizzas!  Here at Settobello, the pizza is so DIFFERENT and so amazing...a.  the ingredients - sure they have some combo's, yet the tastes are not overpowering or oily( I like this) or with tomato sauce.  the tastes are so subtle and so delicate, yet when mixed, just as good if not better than the normal pizza from other places.b.  the crust - Wow again. the texture and taste, with it's slight taste from being cooked in a very hot wood fired oven. I cannot imagine that I, who usually stuff my mouth with food and swallow, stopped to experience the simple tastes. I normally don't get all that! I am the kinda person that when you ask me  how the red wine tastes, I will tell you it was, well, red. I don't distinguish the subtle flavors normally and for this place and their pizza, it was a great experience to do this!!!c.  the how - as the crust is thin and the serving is about 12-14 inches round approximately, it is best to ask for it sliced if you are sharing, or at least eat with fork and knife.  If you are sharing go for whatever you want to try, however, one pizza is plenty for one person, as it is thin.We had the Settebello, the Margherita and the Pizza Lasagna... I am going back soon and maybe today!5.  Dessert - Order the Nutella Pizza early, as it takes time to cook like a regular pizza, as it is the same pizza crust topped with nutella. You have like Nutella, however, I do and my kids do and this was a great tasting hot pizza dessert.  We also tried the Panna Cotta which was great. 6.  Service - While I was waiting with three kids for 35 minutes on a hot evening for a table, I could not help but watch the service.  Never, let first impression rule you. I assumed the service was going to be unorganized, all over the place, and just not efficient. What I got was caring, a lot of people jumping in to hep each other. Simply I experienced a group of people working toward a great experience. Very nice.From a reformed pizza scarfer to one that likes this stuff they serve here at Settebello, I say, GO FOR IT.   GET OFF YOUR BUTTSKI and GO NOW.  Take action NOW.Imma getting hungry.....
5	Delicious thin crust VPN certified pizzas!  We returned to california and longed for the VPN pizzas.  We found a restaurant in marina del rey that was VPN certified, and it sucked.  Can't wait for Settebello to open their location in Pasadena this fall!!
5	Love this place!! I alway no what to order and they get it right all the time! FYI, this is no Metro Pizza or Grimaldi's Pizza. It is more on the ITalian side of the pizza world. The are part of the Vera Pizzaria Napoletana establishment. My go to is the Margerhita with Italian Sausage and onion. I always ask for the vinegar and oil with my pizza. It's delish!  My one little gripe, and this is a small one is the service is a bit slow at times. If you haven't gone you need to go!! It is my default when I don't know where to go in this town.
3	Meh is right! I wanted to like this little place, tucked away in the eastern end of the district with a cute atmosphere upon walk in and friendly staff i just wish the food followed through with similar positive marks. I wanted to use this place as a regular spot for work lunches in this region of town as its relatively in expensive for a lunch for two and its open and clean setting it seemed inviting enough. Its simple i ordered their Capricciosa pizza which was one of the 3 on the menu with two meats instead of the others with just 1 or less. The pie came out and it was what i expected with a very fresh looking feel to it and looked appetizing, and smelled pretty good as well. The best part of the pizza was the freshness of the vegetables that went on it, the sauce was just ok, and the crust was the weak part of the meal like others have said. Its just soggy and painfully not up to par for this type of pizza obviously. I really wish the management at this place would recognize that this is a common problem and try to improve upon it as i really want to like this place but cant return if there are so much better options to take my business. Positive note the tiramisu is very good and is the reason this review for 3 instead of 2 stars. But then again im pretty easy to please when it comes to dessert, but arent we all.
5	When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie its Settebello.....Seriously folks this is in the top two pizzerias in the whole damn country in the running with Bianco's in Phoenix. i cannot go to the state of Nevada with out stopping here. if you want to understand what classic Neapolitan pizza is all about this is the place to try. They also have some fantastic starters and salads. Ciao bella!
5	The BEST Pizza in Vegas period!!!   The rest of the menu is just as wonderful. The attention to detail is fanstatic.
3	This place makes some great euro style pizza.  I highly recommend the antipasta app, great selection of meats and cheeses and hot bread.  The pizza was tasty but seemed really salty.  The crust was thinner than I like but seemed pretty authentic Italian.  The service was motivated and helpful, no issues there at all.  Not a fan of the tiny wine glasses, looked more like a juice glass than an alcoholic drink.  Solid choice for dinner but not my first choice in the neighborhood.
5	Well, I had a date to meet up there since I never eaten there before but of course, this guy flake out.. nevertheless, I decided to invite one of my gay hubby out for dinner later that day just because I read the good reviews about this place and I wanted to try! Wow, this was the first time I tried authentic Italian style pizza (I had settabello, which is my favorite). I love the crust, how some part are slightly burnt but I love the flavor of it. The center of pizza got bit soggy yet chewy crust. My friend had other one that had olives, I forgot the name but the amount of olives placed on there tasted overwhelming. We also had caprese, of course, that is always delicious with balsamic vinegar but I could make this at home! I'll be back to try other items!
5	Seriously good stuff. Thin crust, yummie toppings, great salad to start.  Cute little location, attentive service.As my friend Arnold says "I'll be back!"
4	beautiful food with great eye-appeal and amazing flavors. we started with the involtini -- thinly sliced prosciutto wrapped around baby arugula and goat cheese, drizzled with olive oil and aged balsamic then finished with shaved parmigiano-reggiano. gorgeous dish -- the peppery greens and creamy tang of the cheese were perfect foils for the rich, salty pork. well conceived, well executed and well received. if you still have lingering doubts that quality ingredients carefully sourced make a huge difference, close your eyes and just smell your pizza (ours was the SETTEBELLO -- crushed tomatoes, fennel sausage, pancetta, roasted mushrooms, pine nuts, basil, mozzarella. the aroma from the toppings was pure pleasure. here's the criticism -- not exactly love at first bite. i had some very serious problems with the texture. their pizza's really soggy especially in the center. now, i understand that's a personal preference but pizza you can eat with a spoon's kind of a turn off for me. i'm sure the style is terribly traditional (and SETTEBELLO makes an awfully big deal about the authenticity of their pizza) but the wet, spongy crust was just tough to get passed. ours was a little undercooked and the fact that we were the first customers of the day and that the oven probably hadn't come up to temperature didn't help. as much as i enjoyed the flavors, their pizza felt like wet cardboard in my mouth. still i gave them four stars -- yeah, it was that good.
5	I've been wanting to try this little pizza joint out for quite some time and last night I finally had the pleasure of digging into some of the tastiest Italian cuisine I've ever tasted.The ambiance in the restaurant can be confusing. When I first entered, I thought I was a bit under dressed, but after being greeted by a t-shirt laden host and looking around at other patrons, I realized this wasn't the case at all. Casual dining in a fancy environment, I can dig it! I've heard murmurings that this is the only joint to offer authentic Neapolitan pizza in Las Vegas and the menu stated that the oven was built brick by brick with ash from Mount Vesuvius. Whatever they're doing back there, they're doing it right. This was hands down the best pizza I've had in quite some time, second only to Ray's in NYC and possibly Lombardi's. If you're looking for a place to dine, don't pass up this restaurant. I'll most definitely be back and in droves. I love this food!For those interested in price, I had an Italian beer, one salad and one full pizza shared between two people and two cappuccinos.The total was $32. Delicious AND affordable!
5	Totally legitimate and tasty.  I thought had every iteration of pizza possible until now.They import almost everything from Italy.  The oven,  flour, and cheeses comes from there.  They use San Marzano tomatoes, from Italy,  which is by far the tastiest all kinds.  The pizza is quite different from what you usually get in the US.  The crust is thin and deliciously chewy.  It is in accordance with the strict pizza guidelines from Naples.
1	Thumbs down! The pizza was soggy and soft. This is the 2nd time I'm trying this place and will never ever go there again!
4	If you enjoy pizza, you'll most likely enjoy Settebello. The pizza flavors are quite delicious... and are made with fine ingredients. The flavor profiles are amazing. Happy hour is nice, as well. There are usually deals on drinks if that's your thing. Also, my favorite aspect of this place is the desert. The nutella pizza is AMAZING!
5	It's hard to give a 5 star rating to an establishment.  Everything has to be inline and perfect.  From the food, to the service, to the cleanliness...it all has to work.  Settebello definitely falls into this category!Being a pizza snob from NYC, it would take a lot for me to give a 5 star rating for pizza other then NY style pizza.  I do not recognize Chicago sytle pizza as pizza. It's more lasagna than Pizza.  I never loved Napoletana pizza either.  It's sauce on cracker thin dough, more on the torilla chip side with salsa than anything else.  The only pizza for me is NYC style pizza!  Thin, greasy, crispy bottom and crust with gooey cheese.  Settebello's Napoletana pizza changed all that for me!First off, the Service and cleanliness was great.  Everyone was very helpful and anticipated our needs.  They were great!  The decor is great and it's a great date place as well as a wonderful family restaurant.  Now on to the food review.My wife ordered the Mahagarita and I ordered it also with prosciutto.  The Pizza was PERFECT!  The dough was fresh and soft, with a hint of crisp burnt taste from the oven.  Each bite transcended the experience.  You can almost taste the history and love (that's right, I said love) that was put into the pizza for hundreds of years.  From the first person to make a pizza in Italy hundreds of years ago, to that day as it sat on my plate.  This morsel of time was a "foodgasim" that lasted from a single bite.  This is just from the pizza dough.  The sauce was tangy with the a tickle of sweetness.  The prosciutto gave it a wonderfuly salty balance.  The cheese was cooked perfect with the hint of the fresh basil giving the perfect aromatic kiss at the end.  It was like the first drop of morning dew, dripping off the left.  Splashing down on the ground, giving life to those around it, unassuming and perfect; as nature intended. After I wiped away a tear from my eye from this uplifting experience, we ordered the Nutella/Banana Pizza desert.  I'm not a big Nutella fan, but once again the dough was spiritual and made me a fan.Overall, the 2 pizza's, 2 iced teas and Desert Pizza was $37. Not cheap by any means, but well worth the price.  I highly recommend Settebello's and will be frequent this pizzeria very often.
4	Authentic Italian pizza, served just like it is in Italy, or if you prefer they will slice it for you. The Rucola is fantastic, although occasionally will have a touch too much salt, depends on the chef I suppose. Sufficient variety of Italian beers and a full bar if you want more. All desserts on the menu are worth saving room for. They are also family friendly and generally reasonably priced.
5	Had the marguerite pizza was terrific.Everyone very pleasant and prices very fair.So much better than Grimaldis for quality and price.0
5	Napoletana pizza at it's finest - I would recommend ordering the Settebello pizza and sharing the Insalate Grande - Most ingredients are from Italy,  that is what sets this pizza apart from any other! Even the chefs were flown over from Italy! Thin crust and they don't slice it for you - just like in Italy- fold and enjoy! (unless you request it sliced).  This is certified Napoli Pizza - hard to find just anywhere!  The staff is attentive and happy!  They have a happy hour at the bar M-F 3-6PM $5 mini pizzas and apps. 2 for 1 drinks!  Great location - just off the 215 Fwy.
5	The pizza is excellent - Napoli style, as everyone else has noted. The ingredients are fresh and delicious, and the selection is varied.The ambiance inside is quite casual.It was started right here in Vegas and there are only 2 other locations in the country.Prices are good - about $12 for an individual pie.Bonus points for being somewhat close to my house.Double bonus points because I went there with 2 toddlers who were running around and screaming and the waiter was super nice and accomodating, bringing us extra breadsticks, etc.Overall, Settebello is definitely at the top of my non-strip list for visitors.
5	Such great pizza, I wish it weren't so far from my home.  However, I have schlepped over there three times now and have tried the Diavola, Bianca and Pizza Lasagna (still a pizza, but with ricotta mixed into the toppings).  I would be hard pressed to pick a favorite and will probably keep working my way through their menu.  The pizzas are large enough that I can't always finish one, but not so big I only want half.  They use quality ingredients and the crust is the perfect blend of crusty exterior and chewy, flavorful interior.Last time I was there, it wasn't busy but service was not good.  However, I can overlook that when the food is this amazing.
4	My love for Neapolitan pizza started when I lived in Italy. So to find out such a place like Settebello existed off strip in Vegas was amazing to me.We shared the Frito antipasta and Insalata Grande.  The focaccia was toasted perfectly and almost light for bread.  It paired well with the cured meats (especially the prosciutto), artichokes and bits of cheese.  The salad had super fresh ingredients and the perfectly dressed. We ordered the Capriccosca pizza but substituted the prosciutto crudo instead of the cotto just because that's my favorite type of pizza.Definitely was not disappointed at all!
4	Although the location is less-than-obvious, the Neapolitan pizza is terrific.  The service is much better than you might expect from a casual place like Settebello.  And the dessert pizza, with Nutella, looks tasty.
5	The only bad thing is that I can only give 5 stars to Settebello. Carmine is an artist of the "white art" and nobody else in town, even with the same (or better like due forni)  ingredients is able to do what a real italian from (around) Naples like him can do. Every pizza is a masterpiece perfectly crafted with passion with just the right tasteful amount of toppings and cooked perfectly to delight even a very sophisticated palate. Bravissimo Carmine! A presto.
2	Went at Settebello after reading all positive reviews.Place is ok ,great service and atmosphere .Pizza  was below my expectations ,ingredients are really fresh but they were missing on my crust, the dough was not done in the middle of the crust  so we throw the whole middle part out.With lil touch in the kitchen this place can be a hit but until than I will probably not goin for another one.
4	Great food, fresh ingredients and it doesn't break the bank...hard to come by in Vegas.  :)
5	Really fresh, top notch pizza. Quality will blow your mind. The prosciutto appetizer is also one of my favorites. Service is great on the inside.
4	Ive been here on 3 different occasions and each time this place does nothing but awesome. The crust is light, chewy and has a slight crisp to the edges. Sauce is fresh with a nice acidity mellowed with silky mozzarella cheese. There isn't a bad pizza on the menu and the kitchen is fast cranking these killer pies out so no long waits for food. Eating pizza with a knife fork.. really?
1	I'm def a review kind of girl but I am not sure how this place got such great reviews.  This is some of the most expensive pizza I've ever eaten...  For about $13 a person then to add meats its like an extra $2 per meat...that is crazy.  The drinks were outrageous prices.  The servers were not the friendliest I've seen. My pizza was more or less just a dough mess.  I picked up a slice and everything fell off leaving nothing but flimsy dough.  They asked if I wanted it sliced and of course I said yes but they must have meant creased instead because there were just lines in the pizza... I actually had to cut it myself.  This is def not a place I will ever be going back to.  :(
5	Settebello is my fav pizza place in town. No wonder this place has been posted on Seven and Vegas weekly so many times. It is truly a local gem place. Atmosphere here is very casual with a full bar serving by the side. All their ingredients are imported from Italy (flours, olive oil, cheese, tomato, Prosciutto Cott...) I pretty much tried everything on menu already. Everything tastes good. Here are my fav: 1.) Settebello pizza, 2.)Capriccios pizza,3.) Bianc pizza, 4.) Insalata Grand salad, 5.) Caprese, 6.) Panna Cotta Also, they do have happy hours. All small bites are $5 each with half priced selected cocktails and beers.
4	Good pizza! Even though I didn't love the  Quattro Stagioni pizza I had last time that much because of the taste of one of the cheeses I knew that besides that I would probably hv better luck nxt time. I have an Italian friend and claims this is the closest to real Italian pizza she has tried in the US. Small but good menu. The reason I don't give more stars is because the service has been just standard but we keep coming back for the food. This time we enjoyed both the insalata and the Emilia pizza. Like the simplicity of their menu and not too slow service.
5	YummieGreat salad & awesome thin crust pizza. I don't even eat crust that much but there's is divine.
4	If you go to Vegas on a vacation, you must be one of those people.If you go to Henderson on your visit, then you must be one of those people that knows someone that lives in Henderson.Well perhaps I'm both.The Pizza here is Neapolitan, but reading any of the other numerous reviews would give you that. The Pizza thoughts stayed with me for days, even weeks. Why didn't we go back? Why did we not just eat there every meal?Microbrews imported from Italy. Salad that was equally as good as the pizza. If you are ever in the area, do not hesitate to eat here.fun fact. It is certified by the Associazione Vera Pizza Napoletana. Their ingredients are all imported from Italy, even the water. It is one of 67 pizzerias in the U.S. and Canada to have this certification. Not a single pizza at Wolfgang pucks is certified. The pizza in the Venetian Casino is not certified. Papa Johns pizzas are certified by John. Pizza Hut literally means Pizza served out of a small and crude shelter. Did you lose most of your money at the Casino? I suggest Little Ceasers which is close by. They will sell you a pizza for 5 dollars. This pizza is hot and ready. They will also give you a cardboard pizza box. Once you have collected enough of these boxes you can build yourself a pizza hut. The locals may eventually call the authorities and have you arrested. At that moment you could pray to God that they think you are an illegal alien from Italy and deport you to back to your homeland.The alternative is to just go eat at this place.
4	Don't really care for Vegas, but Henderson seemed really nice and almost sane and also featured grass on some of the boulevards. I wanted to spend more time there.This Settebello is seemingly identical to the one one in SLC in terms of menu, which is good. Maybe a bit more or less formal? Can't really decide. Regardless, really mega good Napo pizza. The Caprese appetizer was massively  delicious.
2	Great authentic pizza.  Tables not very clean with countless glass rings.  The staff was not attentive as we had to get up to ask for additional tea and napkins.  Booths looked very comfortable but the wooden (no pad) chairs we had were not comfortable. While they have some gourmet salads on the menu there is nothing but pizza.  No Caesar salad, house salad, calzones, etc.   Menu not diverse enough for our party of six.   I'd suggest get this pizza to go, which is what we'll do in the future.  It would have gotten only 1 star except for the very good pizza.
4	Great pizza & terrific appetizers. Service is fair
5	Came here since we were at Green Valley Ranch Resort and Spa.  It was a little difficult to find but glad we did.  It is in the same building structure as Las Vegas Golf & Tennis store.  That's a good landmark because it fronts S Green Valley Parkway.  Came here for a late lunch.  Ate the Pizza Margarita DOC.  This difference between this and the normal one is the DOC comes and upgrade of buffalo mozzarella.   The crust had excellent flavor, thin tender crust, some may say too wet but i like it this way, better than dry.  Sauce had a nice tomato flavor.  Mozzarella  nice and creamy texture and flavor.  Can't really compare it to the other pizza places in Las Vegas.  For anyone in Honolulu, or visiting Vlounge would be the closest , with the exception of the crust.  Although both have about the same up skirt, the crust at Vlounge is a bit more charred.After trying a bunch of pizza places in Las Vegas, I am very disappointed in the ones at the "Celebrity Chef" restaurants.  Maybe it's the over expectation when going to a "Celebrity Chef" restaurant.  Should they be judged at a higher level just because they are "famous"?
4	Really great love there pizza it's authentic the way a pizza should taste fresh .
4	I planned on staying away from pizza in Vegas, but Settebello made me very glad I changed my mind.   The prosciutto with the appetizer was great, not overly salty or tough. The pizzas were very tasty with a thin crust that was crispy but soft inside, even topping distribution, and fresh tasting sauce. The beer offerings were a pleasant surprise, with several imported Italian micro-brews. Our waitress was pleasant and attentive.
2	Pizza was soggy and not very flavorful.
2	I don't see what people like about this place. I visited during lunch, was seated promptly and my order was taken quickly. I ordered the Capricciosa, sliced, and I didn't have to wait very long for it. Visually it looked good, but the first bite is where the let down began. For a place with an oven operating at 800 to 950 degrees my pizza was cold. Literally, it had no heat to it. The crust was thin with slight traces of smoke in spots, but once you bit into it...it was soggy. It had the consistency of wet paper. I don't mind a pizza crust being chewy but this was a bit much. The San Marzano tomatoes which I've had elsewhere and enjoyed couldn't carry this pizza. The artichoke hearts were flavorless, and the roasted Kalimata olives were flat. I found that the Cetali Mediterranean Sea Salt and Pepper was the most flavorful items on my table. If it wasn't for the server I had taking good care of me I wouldn't be giving the 2nd star. Best advice? Keep searching for Las Vegas's best pizza. Settebello is not it.
1	Worst pizza in Vegas at this price. Mediocre service. And I'm almost positive "burned" isn't a flavor. And pizza snobs, save it. I lived in Italy for a year and no self respecting Italian, from Napoli or anywhere else, would eat this garbage. How bad was it?  They didn't even ask how it was.  The only plus was when I finally got a managers attention they looked at the pizza and took it off my bill.
5	Did you know that a former USC QB opened this place up?I'm so glad that this restaurant exists. When I went to Naples, it was so ghetto that I was not comfortable enough to venture out to their pizza spots. Only if I knew it'd taste amazing, I would have been more ballsy! I really like making my own pizza (red sauce, onions, mushrooms, sausage) or ordering the Pizza Lasagna. The house salad is good but the Insalata Grande is not worth the $8 (trully boring). Both tiramisu and lemon tart were good desserts; the textures and flavors were on the dot but nothing unique (except for the price $5!). I think I'm officially a fatty because I don't get full when I share my pizza. I think I could eat one whole pizza on my own. I'm pretty sure actually.We've dined in once before but usually we do take-out. Of course our dining in experience was so much better because the pizza was fresher but we like ordering take out from here when we have our friends over or want to stay in. Such a great place!
5	First off, I would consider myself to be quite advanced in the art of pizza making and have tried a wide variety of styles, both at home and in some well known pizza spots across the country.WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THIS PIZZA AT SETTEBELLO:This is authentic pizza napoletana (neapolitan).  If you don't know, that means it's classic pizza as it was originated in Naples.  It's a particular thin crust, slightly chewy type of pizza with mozzarella and basil as a typical starter.  For me, and for many, this is the best pizza there is.  There are very specific Italian standards that need to be met before one can get the official designation, and at the moment Settebello is the only place in Nevada that has it.  For more information, look at the official organization's site yourself:  http://anticapizzeria.net/vpn/home.htmlBasically it means all their ingredients come from Italy, which would include Caputo flour (slightly different than the bread flour used in most pizzas here in the states) and San Marzano tomatoes, which to be officially authentic have to be grown in the volcanic soil of Mt. Vesuvius.  The mozzarella in the U.S. is typically fior di latte, but Neapolitans typically use mozzarella di bufala (buffalo mozzarella), and they do include this option.  Of course none of this would matter if they didn't cook it in a proper wood fired oven at very high temperatures.  The pizza has to cook very quickly to get the proper balance of crisp, chewiness, and melted cheese.  You'd be amazed at how long it can take to master this.So that alone makes Settebellos special.  For anyone, much less a pizza lover, this is a classic dish that one must try in their lifetime.  What you should expect is a thin crust pizza, with an airy crust that has spots that borden on being burnt, if not a few hot spots that actually are.  It should be crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside, but not as chewy as a traditional New York pizza which has higher levels of gluten.  The middle of the pizza will be soft, so absolutely do not expect a slice of pizza to hold up when you pick it up.  It will droop and bend, and this does not mean it was cooked improperly.  This is how it's supposed to be, and this is how we like it!  In fact, anyone from Naples wouldn't actually cut their pizza into slices, they would fold it up on several sides and eat it.  When I eat this pizza I definitely do not expect them to cut the slices, although they always ask, and I usually tear it in half first and then fold the halves once more and eat it that way.  The waiting staff was always helpful.  They allowed me to mix up my pizza so that one half is one style and the other is another style.  The second time I did that the waitress got it wrong and thought I ordered two pizzas.  They decided to just give it to me at the charge of one.  Nice!  I'm a big fan of red pepper on pizzas, particularly the napolitanas.  But it's hard to go wrong with any of these options.Just remember, if you go with DOP mozzarella, which is made from buffalo's milk, it's going to have a much stronger taste that some people love, and others really don't like.  If you're used to typical mozzarella, which is fior di latte, then feel free to keep it safe.You might ask them to take a peek at their wood fired oven, and see how it's all done.  Seeing my pizza get baked is a pretty enjoyable experience in and of itself, and always makes the eating better.Bottom line is, you can't beat the ingredients they use at these prices, and the authenticity of this place can't be found elsewhere in the area.  For me it's highly recommended, and every time I'm in Vegas I'm coming back.Apparently they're doing well, they have a restaurant in Pasadena, CA, but I haven't tried that one yet.
5	Fresh, friendly and full of all things delicious. This place has become our family pizza joint, The kids pizza is a cheese pizza, a drink and a small gelato for only 6.99. Delisioso abd a deal.  My wif and I start with salads, I Love the Caprese.  The Lasagne pizza is my fav and the wifes is Diavola.
4	My first visit to Settebello was not a good one and I wrote a 2 star review. But I felt something wasn't right and everyone deserves a second chance, so I went back again. This time I ordered the Settebello pizza and told the staff that my first experience there was not so good, and why. This time things went much better. The pizza was spot on. Proper temperature, a very flavorful crust that wasn't too soggy, toppings with full flavor...and yes, those wonderful San Marzano Tomatoes shined through. The service was spot on. Prompt, accurate, but not intrusive. I won't give it the crown of Best Pizza in Las Vegas as some have, but it's definitely 4 1/2 stars in my book.
5	If you are in Greenvally then this place is a MUST!true Italian Pizza - flour is imported from Italy.  The "Settebello" pizza is the way to go.  I like mine cut!
5	Very different from Grimaldi's. The crust is chewier and not as crisp as Grimaldi's. I had a Margherita pizza and the Insalata grande and split both with a friend for lunch. Perfect portions for both of us. Salad was perfectly dressed with just the right amount of cheese. Pizza sauce was delightfully fresh. I'll definitely be back. I like the location too. It's tucked away from the main drag of the Strip mall.
5	The pizza was fantastic!  The Caprese was excellent.  Dessert was to die for!  The staff was fantastic.  The service was above and beyond.  The waiter kept bringing me things to try with my pizza.  He was personable and made the dinner that much better!!!
5	Absolutely the best pizza in the Henderson/Las Vegas area. I love this place. If you haven't tried it, get in your car NOW and drive to this location. The pizzas are delicious each and every time. Truly everything is YUM, but the Emilia  & Settebello are my favorite combinations. One pizza is more than enough to split between 2 people. I've tried just about every antipasto option they offer and its all delicious, authentic and fresh-tasting. They've also gotten my very picky husband to try a lot of new foods!It's become another must stop for our out of state guests.
5	A very unpretentious restaurant, with a casual and comfortable ambience. The decor does have a slight European flair to it, but not in an overpowering way.  The menu is simple, with about 10 or so pizzas listed, some antipasti and not a whole lot more. The level of service is excellent, bordering on exceptional. Our server was Ryan, and he was well-assisted by the rest of the staff.Ryan was very well-informed about his menu, understood instantly what we were shooting for - one white and one tomato pizza to share - and guided us to very good and complementary choices.Service was fast and attentive - drink refills always appeared just a few minutes BEFORE glasses ran empty - and the food came out quickly, fresh and hot.Napoli pizza is rather different than the American version, so comparing the two is a little like comparing apples and oranges. I'd eaten pizza a few times in Italy, and new what to expect.  And I was not disappointed. The ingredients - prosciutto, spinach, cheeses - were all fresh and delicious. Ryan, and then later the busboy, made some recommendations - such as dipping the pizza in a balsamic reduction - that impressed us greatly.  Price for two, was just under $50.  On the whole, we were very impressed.  We will recommend this restaurant to friends and almost certainly visit again.
5	Settebello opened their second location in Salt Lake City, Utah (my home town) a few years ago, and I always wanted to give it a try; unfortunately, I moved to Phoenix before I ever got the chance to partake of their brand of pizza.  Last weekend I was in Las Vegas (Henderson) at Green Valley Ranch for a convention, and one night as my friend and I were strolling around the area we stumbled upon Settebello.  I remembered hearing that the Settebello in Salt Lake was related to a Las Vegas shop, and after a quick look online, I confirmed that this was indeed the same company.  Needless to say, I had to satiate my curiosity and stop in for dinner.We started with Focaccia, a simple flatbread (basically their pizza crust) lightly seasoned and served with olive oil.  For our entree we had a Pizze Bianca, a white Pizza with a few basic ingredients.  For dessert, pistachio gelato.Considering the huge number of five star reviews of this place, I won't go into too much depth.  The general consensus that this place rocks is well founded.  The prices are reasonable, especially for the quality, the service is good (albeit a bit slow at times), and the atmosphere is relaxing and inviting.  Settebello's is amongst the best pizza I have ever had, and at it's relatively affordable price point, this place presents an appealing offer of affordable luxury and traditionally elegant pizza you can do quite regularly.  Yeah, it's not $5 hot-and-ready cheap, but as you may expect, this pizza is to Little Caesars what McDonalds is to a gourmet burger joint.In closing, I'd like to mention what my absolute favorite things is about this place: the elegant simplicity.  Lots of restaurants these days that try to differentiate themselves as gourmet or as offering a high-end or unique dining experience do so by making highly convoluted, and often seemingly haphazard, dishes made up of a long list of vaguely fancy sounding ingredients, often without regard to how well those ingredients play together.  Pizzerias are not immune from this behavior.Settebello takes the opposite approach.  Instead of throwing down dozens of high end ingredients and hoping you'll be impressed into thinking the whole you are getting is haute cuisine because all of the parts are expensive and fancy, Settebello understands that the whole can be, and often is, more than the sum of its parts.  The pizza at Settebello is not overly complex.  They have a simple, traditional crust, upon which they place a few reasonably simple, high quality ingredients.  You won't see a bunch of ingredients on their menu you're unfamiliar with, but that's a good thing here.  It makes their pizza approachable, as pizza really should be.  Pizza isn't exotic cuisine, it's food for everyone.  What sets their pizza apart is all in execution: attention to detail, starting with simple, but high quality ingredients, and knowing when enough is enough.Try Settebello.  It's pizza that knows its place in the world, and fulfills its culinary role masterfully.
4	Love it!  I studied abroad in Italy when I was in college and this is one of the only places that comes close, is on par and/or supersedes pizza I ate almost on a daily basis there.  My favorites are the Settebello and Diavola; the Diavola is super spicy for me.As much as I love the pizza, I do not always love the service.  Some waiters/waitresses are great, while others appear to be college students who can't be bothered.  E.g., if we ask for something, like straws or additional napkins, they seemed annoyed or are slow to come back to the table.Nonetheless, the pizza is great so we keep going back.  (And the stars are for the food.)  Also, while the pizza is super good, the gelato is FANTASTIC. This is hands down the best gelato I've had outside of Italy, and a MUST every time. There's usually a special gelato of the day/week, in addition to what's listed on the menu.  If there's anything that's a must try, it's the gelato.
4	Settebello has authentic Italian-style thin crust pizza.  (You have to ask to have it sliced, or you get an uncut pizza).  They only have one size pizza and it is for an individual and served on a white China plate. The pizza is generally very good, unless they char the bottom crust, which has happened to me several times.  There is an assortment of toppings available, that are not usually available at most pizza places.  They have a fabulous dessert with chocolate, caramel and peanut butter ice cream. Service is inconsistent.
5	Ever since I saw an episode of Man v Food that talked about the Vera Pizza, Napoletana certification, I've been looking for a place that made truly authentic pizza. When I ordered their signature pizza, the cashier said that it would take 5 minutes. Now that's a sign of a super hot oven that properly cooks a pizza. The dough was super thin with a crispy puffy outer crust. The toppings toppings were very fresh and the sauce wasn't overly salty like most pizzas. I even liked the fennel sausage and I absolutely hate fennel. I now feel cheated by the other pizzerias that claim to have authentic pizza.
5	BEST PIZZA IN VEGAS! I dont even like pizza this place ensured me there is a chance.
1	no delivery, only 1 size pizza ? wtf
3	Although I am teetering between a three and a four star review, I need to try it again in a few different circumstances to rate it higher. A friend and I came here to catch up over their happy hour from 3pm-6pm. Settebello offers 2-1 well drinks and non-craft beers and four different menu items. We got a mini margherita pizza and the piatto misto (both $5). The magherita was not to go nuts over. It was luke warm and the juice from the tomato made everything slide right off. The marinaded veggies with pizza crust cut up into pita chips was a light snack with much flavor. We also got the Insalata Grande, not on the HH list. It needed to be doctored up with more balsamic, but I enjoyed it. The pine nuts, fresh slivers of parm, tomatoes, olives, and mixed greens was plated in a generous portion. We finished with a Nutella Pizza, also not on their HH specials. It is best with fresh strawberries. In total, four dishes and two Anchor Steams, our bill came out to $33. It was an adequate amount of food, but my friend says that the food is better when you are not sitting at the bar. Adrian, our bartender/server, was attentive and checked in often enough without disturbing us. I want to come back and sit in the restaurant to see how the food differs. Right now, I cannot agree that it is the best pizza I have come across.
5	The fondest memories I have studying in Italy: drinking espresso at Bar Rosso in Campo Santa Margherita, and smoking cheap cigarettes with friends all day long, and eating a ton of food.... I literally stuffed my face with so much Italian (food) that I should have come back 300lbs heavier, which since walking was the main transportation method in Venice, I managed to lose weight (best fricking deal ever)!!! It was, to say, a most wonderful experience....Since then, I've quit smoking (lozenges are the way to go), but still guzzle down the caffeine...And having Pizza in Italy was another out- of-this-world experience; having an individual-size, thinly crusted pizza, eating with a knife and fork with the freshest ingredients,  you couldn't ask for anything more satisfying than even the simplest of them all: the Margherita.  With just three ingredients-Basil, Tomato Sauce and Mozzarella, it is the purist and most difficult of flavorful pizzas to achieve.Click below to read more...And Settebello brings me back to those fond memories, it captures the essence of Italian cooking with fresh and raw ingredients to create their Pizzas.  They are licensed by the VPN (Vera Pizza Napoletana) an organization created in the 80's to preserve, promote and educate the traditional art of Napolitan Pizza making. The VPN Charter provides strict guidelines and requirements to protect the integrity of this culinary discipline, which is why Settebello's pizza catapults me back to Italy and it's wonderful, rich style of humble yet elegant cuisine.Primarily a pizza restaurant, Settebello does provide some appetizers which is comprised mostly of breads, salads and cured meats.  All of these are absolutely delicious and I recommend ordering one in each category if you're hungry.  Our personal favorite is the Involtini di Prosciutto: Prosciutto wrapped around Arugula and Goat Cheese with shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano, Balsamic Reduction and ExtraVirgin Olive Oil on top.  This is an incredibly satisfying and evolved dish, it combines a salad quotient with a cured meat app that is developed and sophisticated: the peppery bitter greens with the creaminess of goat cheese and the buttery Prosciutto Crudo is just symphonic, add the sweet/tart Balsamic and fruity Olive Oil and it sends me over the top........Moving on: we have two Pizzas that are our favorite, (and pretty much the only two worth getting): the Settebello and the Diavola.  Due to our new harm reduction policies, we can only order one pizza to split, but still order a dessert.  May not be conducive to food blogging, but it is what it is, (look to future posts for updates on other dishes).The utmost favorite is the Settebello: with Fennel Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozarella, Basil and Crushed Tomatoes with a drizzle of Olive Oil, this is the supreme Pizza of the Napolitan set...  We thoroughly enjoy eating this pizza, with all the topping working so well with each other, (sometimes I like to add some Pepperoncino and a little more Olive Oil to enhance the flavor) and it's balanced well with the toppings to crust/bread ratio, so you get your carb cravings sated simultaneously...At last, for dessert, there's quite a selection at Settebello, but our two favorites are: the house made Cannoli and Tiramisu. This time, we ordered the Tiramisu, a creamy and decadent dessert with Marscapone Cream, Lady Fingers soaked in Espresso and Disaronno and powdered chocolate on top.  The serving size, in my mind, too small (a cake pan is more my size)!  It's a great dessert, totally authentic and hits the spot after a great meal.Settebello is the best Pizza Place in Las Vegas, definitely a must if you enjoy an elevated dining experience with good authentic Italian food!Rating (Out of Five Stars)Food:          4.5Ambience:  3.75Service:       4
5	I was done with pizza, done, done, and done.  I chalked it up to 'progress' but the pizzas I remembered growing up with seemed to be a mental myth.  Then I read Alan and Rick M's review and gave Settebello's a try on the faint hope that those mythical pizzas were from the Italian neighborhood I grew up next to.Their review is spot on!  Grazie!!  The Caprese Salad was perfect.  The Settebello pizza was delicious.  I like the casual atmosphere.  The Americano was a perfect ending.The service was o-k, not great.  The 5 stars is deserved for the food alone!!  Yeah! Pizza is back in my vocabulary.
4	It's not just a pizza place" said my daughter when I was somewhat dismayed that Settebello was my daughte's choice for a last supper of sorts before she moved from Las Vegas to small town Wyoming.  The Napoletana pies are great, service is somewhat slow, but when you see the impressive oven that each pie is nurtured in it is understandable.  My daughter and I got the Quatro Formaggi, Yummy times 3 one thing missing was fontina, they were out of fontina and ssubtituted with ricotta, not my favorite for a pizza, thats why only three yumnmies.  Another at our table got the signature Setabello, great mix of flavors, if you love mushrooms you will give this four yummies, I personally would have liked more panchetta.  The other pie at our table was the Quatto, everyone gave this four yummies.  We enjoyed the meal and with all the dining choices there are in Las Vegas to choose a "pizza place" for a "final" meal says much about the quality of food.
5	I'd eat here everyday if it wasn't so far from my house.  Definitely a different texture than NY pizza or any other kind of pizza but it is DAMN GOOD.  Mouth is salivating a bit as I write this review
5	San Marzano tomatoes and perfect crust make a bad week so much better. It had been a while (too long actually) since I'd been back to Settebello but after having a rough week it was time. I was not disappointed. I was seated promptly, ordered a "Settebello" (it's the bottom offering on the menu but I love it the best) pizza, and with the first bite the stress of everything going on just faded away. While I love Old School Pizzeria and Chef Gio's pizza, there's just something super special about this place. When you leave nothing on your plate but the faint remnants of the slightly singed crust, that says it all. Still 5 Stars, Still Best of Las Vegas worthy, and I wonder if it warrants inclusion on my Mythical 6th Star List. If you haven't been here yet you really need to quit procrastinating and just do it.
5	Settebello is one of those places you think it could be all "hype" but you can't ignore forever I'm the last guy who likes gourmet pizza but this place knows what's upAll the pizzas are awesome just order any of them Must try if you live in Henderson Takeout is a good plan Or make sure you get a resoOne pizza per person
4	Went this week with a friend who visited the Salt Lake City location and fell in love with the pizza.  Really surprised myself with the fact that a place that sells 95% pizza and not much else besides salads that I found another good lunch location.  Okay, I'll have a salad with that pizza.  Really good as I did not expect it to overwhelm my taste buds.  But it did!  I think it was the freshly shave parm cheese.  And then came the pizza which was extremely tasty.  I had the marguarita with sausage. Good atmosphere but a little pricey for a pizza.Will probably return but need to be in a good mood to want to spend for a fancy, trendy pizza style.
4	Arugula salad was basic and crisp.  Sausage pizza was excellent.  Service was prompt & accommodating to my special request to be near an outlet to recharge a GPS system.
5	I've eaten here at least a dozen times. The food is always perfect. I order the Insalata Grande which may be the most perfect salad ever. Mixed greens, roasted mushrooms, pine nuts, marinated artichoke hearts, shaved parmesean....oh yum! Then I have a pizza and it does not matter which one because they are equally exquisite. I love the smokey charred crust that is chewy and crisp. Perfection!
4	Nice people, knowledgable bar tender and a good selection of Italian beers beyond the usual Peroni and Moretti. The Insalata Grande someone else on here raved about was really good. I also ordered a Settebello pizza for take-out. The pizza was good, though I would have prefered it to have been cooked a bit more. By the time I got it back to my house, the crust was soggy which distracted from the overall appeal. Overall a restaurant worth visiting.
3	I went here twice! the first time was great and customer service was ideal. the second time the customer service was slow and impersonal. i understood that they were busy, but it took 10 minutes to get our drinks back, 15 minutes to get our pizza ordered, and 25 minutes to get our check AFTER we asked for take out boxes. the pizza is always absolutely amazing!
5	I wish I could give this place more stars. It was....amazing. Everything tasted so fresh. This restaurant was recommended by a friend who recently moved from Italy and she said this is the closest to real Italian pizza bc they get the flour from Italy-as well as a bunch of other ingredients. The menu has info about the grill, how pizza is made, and where the ingredients come from. I got a simple margherita pizza. Whoa. the crust was thin and delicious and there were big pieces of basil all over. The pizza is big too! We each of course finished it we couldnt let it go to waste. I also got a lemon dessert that i had to take tiny  bites of to savor the flavor. I will definitely be coming back here. Often and soon. Oh yes and the service was outstanding. I ordered a water and had to have it filled at least 8 times-we swore the water even tasted better. The pizzas came out quick as well.
4	great food, but limited menu with only pizza and salad. would be nice to have some type of chicken dish cooked in brick oven on the menu. the bar always seems to take a while for drinks and service can be hit or miss. they hire high school kids to serve and doesn't seem they get the best training. A lot of server/hostess gossip at the front desk - save your stories for when you are off. Even with the couple negatives I continue to eat here.
5	I have to give 5 stars here. It is a great location, beautiful ambiance, and quality food. The pizza is true serious gourmet pizza but not too bad of a price. The caprese salad is heavenly! But really, the best thing on the menu is the nutella and banana dessert pizza with powdered sugar sprinkled on top. It is made with the same pizza dough as the savory pizzas. I ordered one for my husband and I, but I ended up eating the WHOLE thing. It was irresistible.
5	I suffer from an addiction to pizza, and I have an overwhelming sense of urgency to try every single pizza joint I come across. I may need an intervention. I didn't come here to compare this to other pizza places in town, and if you are, you might be disappointed because you can't put this up against NY style or Chicago style, this is in a class of it's own......Neopolitan. Side note, this is the only VPN certified place in Las Vegas, and only one of two places in Nevada.What we ordered...Quattro Formaggi-Crushed Tomatoes, Fontina Cheese, Gorgonzola Cheese, Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, I loved the strong taste of gorgonzola cheese, my aunt's thought it was a bit overwhelming, but I love cheese.Margherita DOC- Crushed Tomatoes,Imported Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, Parmigiano Reggiano, Extra Virgin Olive Oil, now if you look at their menu, there is two Margherita pizzas, please choose the DOC. The difference is the imported buffalo mozzarella, and it's excellent. DOC is denominazione di origine controllata, which translates to, controlled designation of origin, basically quality assurance for food products like cheese and wine, if you have ever seen a Chianti with a pink wrapping around the cork, it will say DOCG this way you are assured it's not manipulated.  Ended the meal with Torta della Nonna, I love lemon and especially when it's a chilled tart, nothing better in the summer, but this I felt fell short of anything special. It tasted old like it had been in the made a couple days prior and sat in the fridge. Big props for all of the ingredients they import, and list on the menu.
5	Settebello has what seems to be extremely authentic Italian Pizza. I, not being Italian, have zero credibility for this claim, but they use Italian Words to describe them and they are very lightly cheesed. Some are not cheesed at all if you'll believe it. They also believe in whole olives as a topping. All of it with lots of Olive Oil, all of it is excellent. This is serious pizza. It is also very little pizza. This is the only pizza place where I can comfortably eat the whole pizza. All of it. Despite having a substantial radius, the pizza is virtually two dimensional. Pizza.Beware adding toppings: you'll pay for it. Not saying it's not worth it, the Italian meats here are exquisite, but it may require you to redistribute your stock portfolio.The authentic Italian beers have prices that make even the most seasoned beer snob (and yes I mean myself) wince. It's not like Italy is known for beer, and these beers are largelly unknown outside of their native land. $15+ They dramatically skew the value proposition if you're looking for an exotic beer drinking night. Regular beers  are more reasonable, but unremarkable.The prices are overall great. Most of the better pizzas are $12 or less. Keep in mind they are just for one person, but still an excellent value. The dining room is small but pleasant and gets great light. Service has been great.They don't have ranch. I realize this is very "authentic" but they need ranch.
3	Been here twice. Service is good. First time was good.They brought out yummy breadsticks. Must have forgotten the second time. Second time pizza was a bit soggy. Not good. Salad good both times.Prob won't go back :(
5	You must try this place!  Believe the reviews, it is that good.I always have the Caprese salad - fresh tomatoes, mozzarella, and basil drizzled with olive oil.  So scrumptious - easily the best I've ever had.The pizzas are absolutely delicious.  My favorite is the margherita because the elements are so perfect and nothing else is needed.I've never had a bad experience from the food to the service, always excellent.I wish they would open another location in the Summerlin area!
5	Super yummy!  Loved everything we ordered!  The Bellini was great & the peach sangria was awesome!  The staff was very friendly & made it one of our favorites now in Las Vegas!  We are going back next month & we can't wait to eat/drink up at the bar again!!!!!!  Awesome experience & great prices too!
5	After much anticipation and plenty of procrastination, I have finally gotten around to trying out Setebello after my girlfriend and I decided we were craving pizza. If you come here expecting a big, greasy chicago style deep dish however, you will be disappointed (and stupid, for not reading the title of the restaurant). They only do authentic Neapolitan pizza here and that is what you will get. If you are open minded to this drastically different definition of pizza however, you will fall in love. It's cozy inside. There are a couple of non-descript italian themed decorations, a modest bar and a fire oven conspicuously  located in the middle of the establishment. If you go in the evening there's bound to be a wait but trust me when I say it's worth it. We were eventually seated and our friendly waiter was happy to explain the quality of the ingredients, the serving size, and a number of other questions a foodie like myself would normally ask during a first time dining experience. A single pizza tends to serve one average appetite, or two small appetites (with the addition of an antipasti). My girlfriend chose the spicy Diavola and I went with the popular Capricciosa. They were simply heavenly. My pizza was delicately covered in artichoke, roasted peppers, succulent olives, and fresh basil which added perfect flavor to the mouth watering cheese over their fresh crushed tomatoes. Believe me when I say you can taste the difference between these quality ingredients and the crap you can buy at a major corporate pizza joint. It's surprisingly thin and light-- many people eat it with a knife and fork and you can always request to have it served sliced if you wish. It's perfect if you aren't in the mood for excessive carbs or fats but still want a satisfying meal. I had no problem finishing the whole thing and could have easily eaten the other half of my girlfriends pizza but she insisted on saving it for later :PI have had Neapolitan style pizza before and my girlfriend has had the stuff in authentic eateries in Italy. Both of us concluded that this was, without question, the best pizza we have ever tasted. This has instantly become one of my favorite spots and I guarantee I will be back here several times over the next few months. If you are in the Henderson area and you have not tried Setebello, you have NO excuse not to come here. Hell, if you're lactose intolerant pop a lactase pill and join in on the fun-- I firmly believe all residents of the area owe it to themselves to experience this place.
5	Settebello serves up authentic Neapolitan pizza right! Try the DOC Margherita, it's awesome!
5	Settebello is now my go-to pizza place in town. I am a huge fan of Neapolitan style pizza. The thin, chewy crust with large charred air pockets, combined with the simplicity of the crushed tomatoes, fresh Mozzarella di Bufala, and basil leaves makes for the perfect pizza in my book.Settebello executes this perfectly, and I appreciate how humble they are about it. Though they offer a unique, authentic product that many people are not familiar with, they are not snobbish about it in the least. Despite their style of pizza's serving manner (unsliced and to be eaten with fork and knife), they gladly offer to slice the pizza for you any way you would like. This is a great way to prevent the customer from feeling alienated while still offering a quality authentic product.I have tried the Margherita DOC and the Carbonara, and enjoyed both of them greatly. I wish that the egg on the Carbonara was left whole with the yolk runny, as I have seen it served in other pizza shops offering eggs on pizza. However, I'm sure they would accommodate this request if asked.Prices are reasonable: $10-13 a person for pizza.I am so glad this place exists!
4	This is my second time eating at Settebello and the restaurant has not failed to impress my girlfriend and I. We both have this love for pizza and have been to many Pizzerias throughout CA, UT, AZ, NV, HI, and NY. We mutually agree that this restaurant is in our top 10. Upon entering we were greeted by a group of very friendly staff who let us know that it would be a few minutes before we would be seated. Being that it was 6pm on a Friday night we were expecting to wait at least 10 minutes to be seated. It only took a few minutes. We decided to order the Bianca and the Settebello which only took about 6-8 minutes to make. Throughout the meal our waiter was very attentive and made sure our glasses were always full. The food was great but our only complaint was that our pizza only had 4 tiny pieces of basil and when we asked if we can have extra they said they needed to charge us. They charged me an extra $1 for 4 extra pieces. My girlfriend works for a high end catering company and my brother works for a 4 star fine dining restaurant in the Wynn and never have we been charged or even questioned for something so small. Anyways, the food is amazing and the service is equally great. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who loves great brick oven pizza.
5	I'd been to Settebello once before and finally made it back last night with my husband and another couple, and we all really enjoyed our meals. The service was great, and I love the Italian decor. They don't take reservations on the weekend, but we had no problem getting a table. Here's the food breakdown:Caprese salad - awesome! They really know what they're doing with this salad. We ordered it at another pizzeria in town last weekend and it was just so-so. Settebello really got it right. Mmm.Diavola Pizza - We shared this since we were getting dessert, too. This was really good. It has a bit of a kick to it, but not too bad. I love the fresh mozzarella, and the crust is so chewy and good!Nutella Pizza - This was a big reason why I'd been wanting to go back. We saw it on the menu last time we went but exercised some self control, and I've been thinking about it ever since! It has an awesome presentation and just looks delicious, and it tasted delicious, too! Our friends got the La Bomba (caramel surrounded by peanut butter gelato coated in chocolate), which was also delicious. We will definitely be back!
5	i am in love with this place. the bianca pizza is my favorite by far! an italian man taught me to sprinkle it with a little fresh lemon juice and some salt...it really made it even better!!!!
5	Fabulous pizza!! The capricciosa is my favorite! Service does lack at times but it's totally worth it!
4	Fresh ingredients and a good sized pie make for a delicious meal.  I started with a caprese which was very fresh.  My only beef is that I wish the crust on my pizza had a little more crunch.  I will definitely be back and will see if they can accomodate my well-done taste...in that case, i will probably bump up Settebello to a 5/5.
4	This is probably the best pizza I've had since moving to Nevada. It's pretty unique but the ingredients are very fresh and despite it being about a 25 minute drive, I'll be going there quite a bit in the future. The Ceprese appetizer was delicious as well.
3	I know this is supposedly the best pizza in Vegas, but I guess I'm not a huge fan of it...First off, the service here is wonderful. They are all very attentive and friendly, checking to make sure everything is to your liking. The wait can be long but they'll give you water as you're waiting. There's always the option to sit at the bar too and get some appetizer before a table opens up.The menu has a decent selection of pizzas and they usually have a special pizza of the day. You can get pizzas with or without tomato sauce. The pizzas I have tried are the Diavola, the Vico, and one of their specials of the day but I can't remember too much about it. Diavola - It has a very nice little kick from the crushed red peppers and the salame gives a good saltiness.Vico - The mascarpone pretty much melted and mixed with the olive oil and was a great substitute for having no crushed tomatoes. I was skeptical about no tomatoes but was pleasantly surprised. I also really liked the fennel and wood oven sausage, even though I generally am not a fan of sausage.So why the 3 stars? I'm not a huge fan of their crust. It's a bit too wet and thin for me. This is one of those very thin pizzas where it's probably easier to eat with a fork and knife. For me, I like a crust that can hold its weight and has a nice crunch. Theirs is nice and doughy, which I do like, but it doesn't have that solid crust I really like in a pizza. Their toppings are great and all work well together, but there is very little.. I know this is supposed to be how traditional pizzas are, but I guess my poor student budget doesn't agree with it too much.  This isn't the best pizza in my eyes, but everyone has different tastes. It is undeniably good in terms of quality of toppings, but it just doesn't have the amount I would like. And that crust, it leaves me wanting more crunch!
5	LOVE the pizza here! Not a pizza to take home as it is very thin and will get soggy. I am craving it again right now!
5	Learned from reviews on Yelp for ANOTHER pizzeria I was intending on trying for the first time that Settebello may very well be the best, so I came here instead. As a full disclaimer, I must admit that I am have never been a particular fan of thinly-crusted pies, but Settlebello might have changed my opinion on them forever. We ordered the Quattro Formaggi (Four Cheese) and Capricciosa (minus the meat) as well as the Nutella pizza for dessert (with strawberry) which was an absolute one-two knockout combination that will definitely have us returning soon to try a different pair of pies with the same dessert. The service was outstanding (it was Sunday night) and although it was a very long drive to get there, it was very much so worth the trip. We have yet to try the other pizzeria, which we certainly will, but Settebello will certainly be hard to beat. - E
4	First in the door, early lunch, craving pizza.  The reviews are good so why not.  The misto is a sampling of italian style meats, some cheese, veggies served with focaccia.  This is delicious.  I could munch on this old day.  Serve with a good vino, and it makes you feel good all over.Since I was with my husband, we decided to try two pizza's, he picked one and and I picked one and we shared.  While both were good, I think mine was excellent.  Of course we got the settebello, crushed tomatoes, pancetta, sausage, mushrooms, pinenuts, mozzarela, basil and extra virgin olive oil. (my choice), and emilia, prosciutto cotto, panna fresh mozzarella, parmigiano reggiona, basil and extra virgin olive oil. The crust is super thin and has a slight crispy bottom, the top flavors were a good mixture I must say, enjoyed, we ate every bite.  For a different type of pizza, a thin crust, this is an excellent choice.  Good service, good food.
5	Decided to patronise Settebello again after just a couple of days even though it is a significant drive away from where we live. This time during the week (Tuesday) and in the afternoon (4:30P) instead of evening. I got the namestake Settebello pie and reordered the Nutella pie w/strawberry for dessert this time paired with Hazelnut gelato (the special was oreo, which did not sound personally appealing). While I did not like it as MUCH as the Four Cheese I tried on Sunday, it may have the virginity effect that made that pie taste so much better in my mind; only way to unscientifically test if this is in fact true is to try the Four Cheese again, perhaps this time with the Settebello meat toppings as an add-on. Food was excellent in any case and the service the same. Observation on the 3PM-6PM 'Happy Hour': 5$ ea. for a mini pizzas sounds great for finishing off the entire menu offerings in regards to pizzas. The next time we visit we will probably go that route; just requires that one sit at the bar.
4	Apparently this place has been hoppin' since the locals have saw on the news that Obama dropped by for a visit. And no that isn't why I decided to go! It's been on my to do list for a while. Luckily when we got there we had just missed the "Obama Rush". We were seated right away. Ordered:Vica - Wood Oven Sausage, Sauteed Fennel, Red Onions, Mascarpone, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil Diavola - Crushed Tomatoes, Finnochiona (Peppered Salame), Roasted Red Bell Peppers, Crushed Red Peppers, Garlic, Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil The server was cool and pointed out that we had just ordered 2 white pizzas. He suggested we could ad tomato sauce to the Diaviola which ended up being pretty tasty. Then we couldn't resist and ended up ordering 3 desserts. They have 12 pizzas to choose from, all looked pretty damn good. I am also a huge fan of the thin crust. Not a huge selection of wine's but it was just enough for a class pizza joint.
5	This is hands down the best pizza I have ever had-period. Yes, it is a very THIN crust so if you try to hold a slice like you would a Pizza Hut slice, the toppings will fall off. Yes, some parts might be a little charred, but it adds to the flavor in my opinion. But the crust is amazing- they import the flour from Italy! The toppings are fresh and very flavourful, and the crushed tomatoes (sauce) is great. Be warned though that they do NOT slice the pizza unless you ask them to. They observe the traditional way it is done back in Italy, and it says so on the menu, so for those who whine about it, learn to read. Be thankful they even offer because if you brought your American butt to Italy and asked for it to be sliced you would be laughed at. Or thrown out. Their Gellato is good, but try it on their Nutella Pizza (made with the actual Nutella from Europe, not the one sold here in America) and you might die. Of awesomeness.
5	I stumbled upon this gem after reading about in the Wednesday Food section of the Review Journal about 4 years ago.  Back then it was located on Horizon Ridge and has since moved to it's current location.  Back then I thought it was the best pizza in town so it's nice to see that they have done well enough to relocate to some prime real estate in The District.  This isn't your typical New York or Chicago style pizza.  It is classic Naples all the way.  Settebello uses the freshest ingredients and has by far the best crust I've ever had.  There are numerous house special pizzas you can order or one can make their own including any number of toppings.  The pizzas are delicious and the perfect individual size.  You can eat a whole one without feeling super heavy after.     If you're in Vegas, you have to stop by Settebello.  Whether you're a local or on the strip, it will definitely be worth your while.
5	I did come back and ordered a specialty "Inferno" pie that was on the chalkboard that day...and wow.  I wish it was a permanent staple.  I left so happy with my order it made my day.  It was literally so tasty I didn't want to share with my wife or in-laws...and didn't.  Service was great and it will definitely be a "go-to" sit down pizza place for us in the future...but they do offer carry-out as well.
3	I like many, love Pizza. So much i have spent years trying everything and spent years making my own. I prefer traditional, crispy thin crust pizzas.So Setabello Pros: great location, nice atomsphere, menu and  awesome ingredients.                        Cons: execution and staff.They have teens making these pizzas everytime I have gone. I get soggy pizza (with great toppings)  and a  burnt crust which is detreminal if it's too much which it has been 90% of the time.Great flavors with their quality ingredients, but not so great texture and defintiely not what i consider traditional. worth a try, but not the best.
5	Searching Yelp for a pizza place close by my house I read the reviews for Settebello and decided to make a Whole Foods and Lunch outing. I'm so glad that I did. I can't believe I never really noticed this place since I shop at this Whole Foods a good bit, but it's fairly inconspicuous. When it comes to pizza I try to be pretty open minded. I worked for a pizza trade magazine for over a year. In that year I had tried more pizza than any one person should probably eat. I have a hard time saying anything is "the best" since I try to appreciate each style for it's own merit. Saying that, it actually means a lot of me to give a pizza place a 5 star. This has to be some of the BEST pizza I've had in YEARS. What to expect? VERY thin crust pizza with very fresh ingredients. The menu isn't huge. I've had a few pizzas now and even tried their proscuitto/goat cheese salad [can't remember the name]. Be aware though that since the pizza is so thin even I can eat an entire one by myself and I don't eat that much. I have definitely enjoyed several afternoons of pizza and bourbon before I went shopping. I probably should reverse that order though since I wind up drinking too much bourbon and buying random junk at Whole Foods. On a side note I would watch the "bartenders" is you drink anything besides wine or beer. I drink my bourbon on the rocks. The last time I went the bartender neither knew what Maker's was (it's the best they have) and he was about to shake my bourbon in a shaker before I stopped him. I find it a little comical now but was a little taken aback then. I definitely think this is the best pizza in Las Vegas and some of the best I've had in a long time.
4	One of the best places in town for a proper pizza. Service is casual and friendly. though the wine list is neglected, they could offer much better wines at the same price point. Hope to see some changes in this area.
5	Great Neopolitan Pizza, Brings back memories of my youth in Naples in the 60's. It even had a sign with the street were I lived on the wall. I had the Margherita Pizza, the classic Neopolitan pie. It was perfecto.
5	Wow. What can I say except the best pizza I have ever ever eaten in this country. Yes, it is that good. Trust me, this is how neapolitan pizza should be. They are true artisans. They are recognized by pizzaiolo association in Napoli, Italy. All of their ingredients are of the best quality and even sourced from Italy, i.e. cheese from Modena, prosciutto from Parma, tomatoes fromSan Marzano, etc. I think even thelour is from Naples. All of the appetizers are delectable, bt my favorite is the involtini di proscuitto, prosciutto wrapped around arugula and goat cheese with a sprinkling of balsamic and some parm. Sublime. Theyoffer about 6 house made pizzas, but I always go with the margherita and two toppings. They recommend you limit it to two in order to savor it fully. This is how it should be, in my opinion. I usually get mushrooms and prosciutto crudo, it is the best!
4	I swear I reviewed this restaurant before.... Anyways, I had a chance to go back last night, and it was as good as I remembered. However, I don't think it deserves a five star rating because of the inconsistent service and small portion sizes. We started out with the Caprese (tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, olive oil, and sea salt), and the Misto (meat, cheese, and vegetable sampler).  The tomatoes in the Caprese salad had seen better days, and the mozzarella was -just OK. The Italian meat selection in the Misto was quality, but I was not a fan of eggplant or olives that came with appetizer. We decided to share 2 pizzas for 5 adults. First we chose the Margherita which was basically a cheese pizza with a touch of basil throughout. What I really liked about this pizza was the tomato sauce.  It is flavorful and not too thick and pasty -like other pizza places. Our second pizza was the Settebello which was really different and delicious. What I liked about this particular pizza was the addition of toasted pine nuts. It gave the pizza a nice crunch and went perfectly with the sausage, pancetta, and mushrooms.For dessert we chose the nutella pizza.  This amazing dessert is their pizza dough with nutella, bananas, almonds, and powdered sugar on top. Messy - but worth it! I was only able to get a bite of this wonderful treat because my wife turns into the incredible Hulk if you mess with her dessert.  Next time, we may have to order 2 nutella pizzas......
5	Love Naples style pizza and this is the best outside of Italy that I have had! Highly recommend the Margherita DOC pie or Diavola as a second choice. Pizza comes out crisp and bubbling.  Can't wait to be back in town!
5	After having lived in Naples for two years, this is the best (read, authentic) Italian pizza I've had. Well worth the trip - my favorite, the Emilia
5	We had spent the afternoon at the Fine Art Gallery in Bellagio getting inspired by the Monet's. We decided on an early dinner and headed to The District to go to Cheesecake Factory. Well, the wait was a good 45 minutes. I was willing to wait but we had the kids with us so my husband recommend we walk over to Settebello. We had never been there before but we always pass by when we head to Cheesecake or Whole Foods. Every time it looks like everyone is having a great time and the vibe looks awesome. It was busy but we were seated right away. The decor is lovely and adds to the vibe...relaxed chic, perhaps. All of the servers are young and well, attractive. But better yet, they are super friendly! I love that in a  server- just talk to me like you're my friend... Also, he spoke to my daughter and her friend (5 and 10 yrs old) very sweetly as well. He kept asking "Girls, do you need anything? Girls, are you okay?" It was very endearing. He even gave them some breadsticks that come with the kids meal even though they did not get a kids meal. I could tell from the moment I tasted my Americano that they only use premium ingredients. It was a very fine Italian coffee. I have to say that Naples style pizza is my favorite and Settebello does an excellent job at it. The ingredients are just so quality and that makes them so delicious. I ordered the Capriossa- mushrooms, artichoke hearts, Kalamata olives, basil and olive oil. It was such a lovely melody of flavors! Also, the meal was very light (especially for pizza). It was just such a lovely experience all around. I was so very impressed by the quality of food and service.
4	Whenever in Vegas and in the Henderson area you need to check this place out.  We have been here twice on friends recommendation.  The place is easy to get to and small.  They do have a small bar and seating is comfortable.  Now for the food..we always order a insalata grande and it's perfect for 2 or 3 people.  The ingredients are so delicious and fresh.  We have tried several of their pizzas and you can't go wrong with any of them.  I really love how they feature their Italian beers and wines.  Not pricey for a bottle of wine.  It really has a nice neighborhood feel to it.  The service has been great...I can't complain.  They do have kids plate option, which includes gelato and a drink, which they do not advertise.
4	Super good! The Diavola was delicious. The atmohsphere is really nice too and the price wasn't too bad either (compared to similar places like CPK). Will definitely go there again! I would say the only downfall was our waiter didn't come very often, but whatever, I enjoyed the pizza too much to care :)
4	If you are looking for excellent pizza with high-quality ingredients, Settebello is the place to go. There aren't any unnecessary bells and whistles - the short, one-page menu lists just a few appetizers alongside the pizza, but the small selection ensures that every item you eat there is delicious. The pricing is reasonable, bordering on inexpensive, for the quality of the food you're getting. Don't skip the appetizers! The salads are especially fresh and beautifully-constructed. I would recommend the Panzanella salad to share; it's light enough that it won't distract you from your pizza later, but with flavor and body from the shaved cheese and proscuitto crisps to make it worth your while.As for the pizza, the dough is thin and soft with just a bit of a crunch; it'll fall apart if you try lifting the slices and eating by hand. You'll be happier in the end for having to pick up your knife and fork, though. You'll appreciate the distinctness of the ingredients; the toppings aren't drowning in seas of cheese and sauce and grease, and every bite is different and delicious. The food is definitely the number-one selling point at Settebello, and the ambiance is a good second, with the cozy-but-classy casual atmosphere. The service needs a bit of work though - it's just "okay". For the excellence of the food they're serving, the average-ness of the wait staff is a bit of a letdown. They're efficient, but lukewarm at best on their own. They do a little better if you break the ice yourself, though. Don't hesitate to ask your server for clarification if you need help with the menu and all the Italian food terms, they give good advice.
5	This is my favorite pizza place in town.  The one I get most often is the quattro fromagio, the balance in the cheeses acidity of the tomato sauce and fragrant basil they use makes it anything but boring.  All the ingridients are so fresh and high quality.  If you are someone who needs a super crispy or thick crust it might not be for you.  It is generally easier to eat this with a fork and knife and quickly (which is not hard for me lol) because it can get on the softer side after a certain point.  I have found that if I have a left over slice you can just throw it on a frying pan at home and cover it.  It will allow the cheese to melt and crisp the crust back up.  Their sangria is also great, super refreshing.  The nutella pizza is big! I recommened getting it if you have a large group to share.  I used to love their panna cotta when it was made with cut up strawberries rather than a strawberry thats pureed into an over acidic sauce that takes over the whole dish.  They have a lemon type dessert that is light and lovely as well.  Their tirimisu is not the best I have had, it was a little dry actually.  Overall all though I do love their food, especially the pizza.  Sometimes they have a special bolgunese pizza I highly recommened.  Also a tip, if its super busy and they have no tables just go to the bar, it usually has some spots opened and its sectioned off a bit from all the other people.
5	Very authentic italian style pizza. Equates to thin crust in the US. But the dough is so fresh, you can taste the autenticity of it. Good beers as well. Desserts are all really good.
5	Our favorite pizza in the Valley.  The crust is very thin, and should be torn apart rather than cut into slices.  It ends up perfectly crunchy and chewy at the same time, with a nice char on the bottom.  The ingredients are all of the highest quality.  I won't recommend a specific dish, because we have been here so many times we've probably had every pizza.  I do go back to the Quattro Formaggi and add a couple of toppings.  And, the specials are always winners.Smallish bar area, but very good prices.  Wine list not expansive, but certainly gets the job done.  Italian beers as well.
3	I've eaten here 6 or 7 times over the last year.  Good pizza, most of the time, more on that (and the reason it's not 5 stars)The good: diavola pizza paired with their chosen Italian beer is great.  Sauces have good flavor, meats and cheese tops notch.  Great thin authentic Italian pizza crust and taste.  Really great Italian beers that are hard to find in the US.The bad:  it's not consistent.  Staff seems to be mostly college-age kids and both the food and service varies dramatically.  This trip my pizza had slightly to severely burnt crust all the way around and the staff didn't seem to concerned to fix it.  Service also varies in the same way.  The really great Italian beers---they run out of them, all the time, a real bummer.Id still recommend it, but be warned your experience could be great, mediocre, or just plain bad depending on the staff that day.  If you're cost sensitive - skip it.  It's pricey.
4	While I was out and about running errands. Hunger struck and only one thing sounded good... Pizza! Not just any pizza, I wanted a Margherita pizza like those I enjoyed in Italy. Settebello has long been on my list of places to try. It was finally time to give it a whirl. When visiting the District, I go west on autopilot. Well, I had to turn around because Settebello is on the east side of Green Valley Parkway. I parked and popped in for lunch.  I was quickly seated and I knew just what I wanted, The Margherita DOC ($13.50) with Crushed Tomatoes, Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, Parmigiano Reggiano, and Extra Virgin Olive Oil. Settebello serves up Pizza Napoletana and it is authentic. This style of pizza is cooked quickly and typically eaten with a fork and knife, but they will cut it into slices upon request. Settebello's Margherita DOC is pretty darn similar to what I had in Naples. They import ingredients and the quality is noted. However, it's worth mentioning Naples wasn't my favorite pizza in Italy, it's a bit wet for my liking, but still enjoyable when in the mood. My craving was satisfied and the best part? I only had to travel to Green Valley to get it.
5	Driving out to Green Valley is worth the drive, if you're looking for Napoletana style pizza.  What was ordered was the Vico and Quattro Formaggi.  Vico was not bad.  This was a white pizza.  Enjoyed the fennel, onion, and sausage combination.  Mozzarella and mascarpone gave it a nice creaminess to the pizza.  The star of this visit was the Quattro Formaggi.  The pizza comes topped with four different cheeses.  What really made this pizza delicious was the Gorgonzola.  If you enjoy the sharp creamy flavor of Gorgonzola you have to order this.  As it is randomly dispersed on the pizza, the most enjoyable bites are the ones that include that sharp Gorgonzola taste.This is the third time I've been here.  I have always been satisfied when coming here.  There are a lot of other pizza places in Vegas.  I would like to try other places but it is difficult to not come here because there pizzas are delicious.   Unless we do a pizza only visit to Vegas sometime.  Doubt that would happen.
5	Probably the best pizza I've had in Vegas.  Had the Crushed Tomatoes, Prosciutto Cotto, Artichoke Hearts, Roasted Mushrooms, Olives, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil (minus ham & cheese, so I had it vegan style).  True Italiano!
5	Great Neopolitan Pizza, Brings back memories of my youth in Naples in the 60's. It even had a sign with the street were I lived on the wall. I had the Margarita Pizza, the classic Neopolitan pie. It was perfecto.
5	This place has amazing pizza!  I can't say its the best, because there are different types of pizza. If you're looking for a light pizza, with a thin crust, that tastes like authentic Italian pizza, and gives you a whole personal size to yourself, then you want to come here.I ate the whole pizza to myself, and didn't feel an ounce of guilt.  In fact, my muffin top didn't spew over at all!  I ordred the Pizza Carbonera and was in love with all the flavors: crushed tomatoes, fresh mozarella (this really makes a difference in a pizza), the crust cooked to perfection and really thin, and the cured bacon....yum!I'm definitely coming back to try other pizza on the menu!
5	Great pizza and craft Italian beers.  Saw the place on Travel Channel and had to try it.
5	Best for us !!! We come here when everyone needs something to eat!
4	Settebello is probably the best pizza in Henderson. It is located in the Whole Foods parking lot of The District. Miss Molly T. and I got our lunch on couple of weeks ago, and both of us were extremely pleased with the drool-worthy pizza. We decided to split the namesake Settebello Pizza which had crushed tomatoes, pancetta, wood oven sausage, roasted mushrooms, toasted pine nuts, mozzarella, basil, and extra virgin olive oil ($13.50). The toppings were fresh with quality ingredients and the crust was cooked perfectly, but it is definitely a soft pie like crust. I found it easiest to just fold the slice and eat it that way instead of trying to have the soft crust hold the weight of all the toppings. It was very very tasty. They also have a selection of Italian beers and pasta.The service was attentive enough and the pizza did take a little while to come out. No they do not deliver.
4	When pizza is this good, it's a shame when it's over. I came to lunch with Dana S. and we ate til we could no more eat. Actually I'm sure that we could have eaten more, we just ran out of food. We ordered the namesake pizza and it was delicious. However, one of the pieces hardly had any topping on it and the pinenuts were not evenly dispersed. Verrrrry important in a pinenut pizza! I gobbled heartily and was sad when it was over. I also had a salad which made me feel better about myself. I don't know if I would get one the next time because it was on the pricey side but it was tasty. I want to come back and try other pizzas. It's located by Whole Foods--the Yelp map is a little confused. Also--swing by WF after for gelato...it's half the price!
3	I give 3.5 stars here.  Essentially, I give 4-5-stars to a place I would return tomorrow.  This pizza didn't do that for me.   And, all 3 of the pizzas we had today seemed to lack ingredients and what little ingredients were included seemed to just fall right off before entering our mouths.  Now I get that the Napolean style, true Italian pizza is supposed to be "wet" like this.  But it was hard to eat - even with a fork and knife like they suggest.  The pizza dough and crust was very good, but sliding cheese and toppings made it too much effort.  We tried the namesake Settebello, the Diavlo, and the kids cheese & sausage.  Hands down, the DIAVLO pizza was the best!  It was spicy and unique enough to stand out and be memorable.  The Settebello was simply forgettable.  We liked that there is a kids-menu (hidden, not on the menu) for $6.50 that is plenty of food for 2 kids, much less one.  They encourage you to order an individual pizza for each adult, but you could easily share one pizza for two people (with a shared salad or appetizer).  While I wanted to love this place and had it bookmarked for several months, it just wasn't my style.  The ambience is nice and the service was good, but I will keep seeking out good pizza in this town!
4	Delicious Italian style pizza at a reasonable price. Atmosphere maybe leaves a little to be desired but I would go again for the delicious pizza.  Nice for something a lil different.
5	Great pizza, great salads, and exceptional service each and every time I've been there.  I was happy to find out that there is a location in Pasadena also.
4	Came here for happy hour, pretty good food for a good price.  I would like to come back for dinner next time.
2	So heres the deal....If you have an issue with gluten, this place says they can make you a gluten free crust if you give then 24 hours to prepare it.  I guess they do not get enough requests to have this on hand.  I don't know anyone who plans 24 hours in advance to go eat pizza, its more like, I feel like pizza today and you will be out of luck if you cannot pre-plan your visit.Now they will give you the option to walk over to Whole Foods, purchase your own Gluten Free crust and bring the curst over and they will give you a WHOPPING $2 discount off of $13 pizza.  Well, this SUCKS for you but works for them.  The crust you purchased is $7.99 and the toppings they put on the pizza is NOT WORTH $11.  Portions of the crust had NO toppings or Cheese, so what I paid $11 for, I have no idea.ALSO, if you order the sausage at this place, they pre cook the sausage part way so when you order it, it can finish cooking in the oven with your pizza.  HOWEVER, if you bring your own Gluten Free crust in, they cannot put the crust all the way in the oven because it will burn the crust.  The problem with this issue, is they do NOTHING to finish cooking the sausage, so you end up with RAW sausage and cold pizza.If you look at Whole Foods, they now have Gluten Free Pizza's for $4.99 you can take home and cook yourself which tastes way better then the $11 cold pizza served with RAW Uncooked Sausage.  I guess they don't concern themselves with serving people RAW unsafe meat.  NOW, in THEIR DEFENSE, they did offer to go purchase another crust for me to which I said no thank you, AND they did not charge us for the pizza which did not get eaten, which was a nice gesture for something that was not eaten.  Needless to say, this is a place to NEVER VISIT AGAIN if for nothing else other then, HOW CAN A REAL CHEF/COOK nor anyone else working there NOT notice the center of the pizza looking uncooked (Cheese not melted completely, FIRST CLUE).  This is their specialty and there is no excuse for an expert to not be able to tell the difference between a fully cooked pizza and one that did not get cooked in the center.  This should have been their first clue that maybe, just maybe, the sausage did not get cooked either.Maybe if the management here were to read these reviews they would see a pattern here in 2013 of people saying the service is EH, the pizza lacked toppings, etc.  There are way better places to get pizza in this town especially who have GREAT SERVICE, they don't charge $13 plus dollars for crust with skimpy toppings.  They keep this practice going this year, it will be interesting to see where they are or if they are next year.
5	I've been on a search for amazing pizza, and this is one of the best pies I've had anywhere. The crust is textured incredibly well, the chewiest crust you've had. The Emilia had an amazing set of toppings that tasted both fresh and perfectly complimentary to each other.Near perfect.
4	The pizza is great here but I'm a bigger fan of their caprese sandwich and focaccia. Its fresh tasting with mozzarella, tomato, basil, forgot which type of meat between focaccia. I love dipping each bite of the sandwich in some balsamic vinegar.  I just wish they would serve the sandwiches at dinner too and not just at lunch. They need to open another location on the west side of town.
5	If you come here expecting pizza with a crisp crust, sauce full of Italian spices and smothered with melted, shredded mozzarella; you will be truly disappointed. Conversely, if you come here with an open mind and ready to experience something new (or if you watched the Naples episode of Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservations"), then you will love it. This pizzeria follows the "Vera Pizza Napolitana" guidelines in preparing their pizza (visit their website for an explanation at setebello.net). This results in a pie that has a crisp outer crust, but a soggier middle due to the more viscous sauce and water released from the fresh mozzarella. Which is why the pie is not cut, and eaten with a knife and fork, like they do in Naples.What we ate: Panzanella salad (light dressing, nice bite from arugula and red onion, and a cool finish with the cucumber), Margherita DOC (clean and simple flavors, tasty crust) and Settebello (tasty sausage and interesting addition of pine nuts) pizza, and Cannoli (crisp shell, authentic ricotta and candied fruit filling).Service was good and decor was neat and not overdone (was there to eat, not judge interior design). Overall, great experience and now on my "must go to" list.
4	Fantastic!Recommend dining in over take out.The pizzas are FRESH and HOT out of the oven... the crust is perfect .... the flavors all meld together into a mouth-watering-can't-stop-eating experience.Their salads are really good as well.... and big enough for 2 people to share.  I am partial to the arugula salad... fresh, crisp... light dressing.  It's really the only time I like arugula is at Settebello.  At home it just tastes like weeds... at Settebello's it tastes so good I usually eat the whole thing by myself because I don't like to share it.Their pizzas... like I mentioned are so yummy you can eat the whole thing in 1 sitting.... And at the end of the meal you don't feel bloated or greasy or icky like with normal pizza.So... order your own... cuz you are more than likely NOT going to share it.  Settebello's pizzas are not your typical greasy, overly cheesy, thick crust affairs.  These pizzas are light and gourmet.  Their crust is super thin and the cheese is a complimentary topping... not smothered all over creating an impenetrable layer.  Location:  In the Whole Foods shopping center across from The District.It's a small shop and it's usually pretty crowded so go early or plan to wait a bit.Note... there is a small bar and you can eat at the counter there so if that's something you are willing to do you might find that as a viable option.
4	This is by far the best pizza in Henderson/Vegas if you like "wet" pizza (pizza Napoletana). I love their Quattro Formaggi pizza; the Gorgonzola on it is a special treat.Only the finest ingredients are used, especially in regard to the Misto appetizer (a sampling of Italian style meats, vegetables and cheese served with focaccia). The menu is sufficient in size, but focuses mainly on pizzas (no pasta etc.). Daily/weekly specials do add more variety (these are not posted on the website/menu).The service however, leaves something to be desired. The wait staff is courteous, but lacks enthusiasm, speed, and the cultural/culinary knowledge I expect when dining at such an authentic restaurant.
4	First and foremost, this place is so adorable. Super New York vibe. If you call 24 hours ahead they will make you a gluten free crust. This I found very interesting. Because the dough is made from scratch and it has to rise over night, can we say FRESH! so awesome. Since we didnt call ahead we decided to just stick with a salad. I had the Insalata Grande. Only 8 dollars it consisted of Mixed Greens, Fresh Tomatoes, Artichoke Hearts, Roasted Mushrooms, Olives, Pine Nuts, Cracked Pepper, Shaved Parmigiano, and tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette. I also had an espresso martini. WOW i could drink 10 of them. and made with illy coffee? yes please! Ill def be returning here, and next time ill call ahead for a gluten free pizza :)
1	I really don't know what the hype is about. The pizza is not good and expensive. 12 inch pizza starting at $10-$11.  Very thin crust and very little toppings. Hubby ordered the diavolo and thought it was good. It was ok for me. Thin crust, soggy in the middle. I ordered the margherita pizza and asked if they had fresh spinach. Nope- no spinach. What? Ok so got it after a short wait. For those that don't know, it is plain pizza with tomato sauce, buffalo cheese, basil, garlic. There was 3 tiny pieces of basil. People- for $10 can u put at least 6 or 7 basil pieces - u are making a profit. Thin soggy crust, cheap toppings for high prices. I will say their panna cotta was good. But I would not come back here. Pappa John- here I come!!
4	I loved this place reminded me a lot of being back in Italy. This place serves as close to authentic pizza as I have found in Vegas and in Houston. We ordered two pizzas: a) margarita (tomato, basil, garlic, fresh mozzarella) and diavola (spicy pizza). Both pizzas were awesome - LOVED IT. The Wife not so much she said it was ehhh. We had panecotta for dessert but it had this berry glaze which could have been omitted. The panecotta was good - could use a little Madagascar vanilla bean in the mixing process. We would return.
2	Truly a different type of pizza. I really enjoyed the crust and the toppings were fresh and of high quality. We ordered the Settabello pizza and were pleased. I can't say anything bad about the pizza but I think I enjoy a New York style pizza more. My only complaint about this pizza place was the lack of customer service. With this being our first visit to this restaurant, it would have been nice for our waitress to be able to explain the menu or how things worked. When we asked questions, we were met with short responses and our waitress made us feel like we were wasting her time. We truly did not feel welcome as customers. Overall, if you're a fan of this type of pizza, you will enjoy the food. If you know exactly what you want and don't want to interrupt the waitresses day (EVEN THOUGH THAT'S HER JOB), you might really like this place. But if you are new to the style and this type of pie, try another place. One with employees who value their customers.
5	Never lets me down.  So darn good.  Quite pleased with myself for venturing out and ordering something different.  I usually get the delicious Settebello namesake pizza. This go around we tried the Tartufo (truffles, walnuts, speck, cheese) and the carbonara.  Nice contrasting choices if I do say so myself.  The tartufo was a white pizza and the carbonara had the excellent red sauce.  Both were scrumptious and had me making my OH face during the first bites.  We also tried the nutella s'mores calzone.  I don't even like marshmallows, yet it was pure bliss.  I maintain.....best sit down restaurant style pizza in Las Vegas.
5	My favorite pizza anywhere.  They're all personal sized.  You can eat it all and be full, or get a salad and save half the pizza for later.  I haven't tried dessert yet, but they have a Nutella dessert pizza!  Authentic Napoletana pizza, with many of their ingredients imported from Italy.My favorite choices are the Bianca (Prosciutto Crudo, Arugula, Parmigiano Reggiano, Mozzarella, Extra Virgin Olive Oil), the Vico (Wood Oven Sausage, Sauteed Fennel, Red Onions, Mascarpone, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil), and the Emilia (Prosciutto Cotto, Panna (Italian Cream), Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiona, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil).  I guess I don't like crushed tomatoes :/You can add other veggies, meats, cheese, or pine nuts for additional cost.
5	Oh hey Italy...thanks for moving in down the street from me!My 4 year old wakes me up and asks if we are going back to Settebello every single freaking day of my life because she values the wood fired, folded slice of heaven.  Settebello has been a 2 times a week kind of a place for us...I don't see that changing any time soon.
5	Went here with friends and we all were of the opinion that this place was great.  We started with the Misto plate, which was great.  It was a generous helping of cured meats, cheese, olives and focaccia.  Next time I will likely make a meal out of this appetizer alone.  We all had pizza and they were also very tasty.  All of the ingredients seemed fresh and simply prepared.  I had the settebello pizza which had great flavor, the crust had great texture and I do not remember the center of the pizza being too soggy as is common with other Napoleon style pizza places.  At the end of the meal I tried the panna cotta, which was very good and had a healthy amount of strawberries and sauce.  Over all this meal was great, all of the food was fresh and delicious.
4	Since I moved away from Vegas, it's been almost 3 yrs since I last dined at Settebello.  During a recent trip back, we stayed at GVR and decided to walk over to The District and have dinner here one evening.  I was glad to see it was still around, and most importantly that the Pizza was still very good.This time I went for the Margherita DOC (Crushed Tomatoes, Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, Parmigiano Reggiano, Extra Virgin Olive Oil), $13.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/settebello-pizzeria-napoletana-henderson?select=hkekGVh_GJ4QjwweLrCsjw#hkekGVh_GJ4QjwweLrCsjwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/settebello-pizzeria-napoletana-henderson?select=kfsNFds_cvzeN1IEoAjqZQ#kfsNFds_cvzeN1IEoAjqZQThe Better Half opted for the Settebello (Crushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Wood Oven Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil), $13.50.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/settebello-pizzeria-napoletana-henderson?select=LnvEfX_z6Tt0JoZnVA7i3A#LnvEfX_z6Tt0JoZnVA7i3Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/settebello-pizzeria-napoletana-henderson?select=LFy3ytX6YHx_EBvqvMt6yg#LFy3ytX6YHx_EBvqvMt6ygThe Pizza was awesome of course, just how I remember it.  The Crust was slightly burnt and the ingredients were fresh and full of flavor.  They've kept the quality of their product very high.Our friend who joined us for dinner was also very impressed.  Although he's lived in Vegas for over 15 yrs, he never had Settebello until now.  He also had the Settebello and was blown away.Service was good.  The server kept our Wine and Water glasses full.Return Factor - 92%
5	Finally found the BEST pizza in Las Vegas.  As close to real Italian pizza as you can get.  Prices are appropriate as well.
5	They have the BEST pizza in Vegas !! The Margherita DOC is the best .... never fails !! Oh and by the way ... if one of the weekly specials on the board looks good ... GET IT .... they only serve them once a year :-)
5	This place has some of the best brick oven pizza I've ever eaten in my life. Whatever they're doing, it's done right. Ordered the focaccia and it was delicious. Nice and warm and salty with a dip of olive oil, sea salt and oregano - perfection! It's a nice opener for the rest of the carbs you'll be consuming here.I've also had the insalata grande and it was nice and filling for a salad. Love the pine nuts and shaved Parmesan, so delicious and fresh.The topper here, though, is the pizza. Using a precise method this pizza is cooked right. Nice burnt edges, crispy and gooey. I had to eat my quattro formaggi with a fork! So delicious. I dislike Gorgonzola immensely, but it was a really subtle flavor here, luckily (as I didn't notice it was one of the four cheeses). I've also had the gelato and it was divine, the taste was comparable to the gallons I ate in Rome!This place is close to my house so I have to cover my eyes when I see it or I'll eat here all the time!  The only, only thing I dislike about this place is that, while the employees are super nice and give great service, they have this REALLY annoying habit of correcting pronunciation. I, for one, think that's horrible customer service when it's so obvious what someone is trying to order. Correcting someone is just condescending to me. Change that one little, tiny thing and this place would be absolutely divine perfection!
5	Being from NY, there are only a handful of pizza places I have found in Henderson and Las Vegas I like :) This is one of them :)Been here four times now, we have had.....The Foccaccia Bread, the Caprese Salad(really Good) and the Margherita and Marinara pizza.  All are excellent!  Each time I go here I try to try a new dish/ pizza.  The staff is really friendly also and its a kid friendly place.  Highly recommend trying Settebello!
5	I haven't had pizza like this since I was in Italy in 2005. Totally worth the wait we had in the evening and the staff was knowledgeable and friendly. The panna cotta was okay, but not like real Italian panna cotta - less heavy and more flan-ish. That was my only real complaint. The ingredients in the pizza were superior and I am already bragging about this place to everyone I know.  This is definitely my favorite pizza place, not just in Nevada, but the US entirely.
5	I was surprised to find real Neapolitan pizza in this area. This is the real deal. Vera pizza. Qui si mangia bene.
5	A shockingly authentic Italian pizza. The Margarita is spectacular, with fresh basil on top!
5	This is the best pizza in town!! Go for a drive it's worth it.
5	Simply?The best pizza I've had since I moved here. Absolutely delicious.
2	Meh.  There's a reason methods of cooking pizza has evolved over the past two hundred years.  C'mon guys, put some damn cheese on the pizza.  The salad tastes like grass.  Literally, outdoor grass.  A little pricey too..
4	Three and a half stars is more accurate.     I was searching for authentic Neapolitan pizza near LV.  This is it!       The decor is chic and modern and the food was delicious and satisfying.     The bummer:  the waitress and entry phase.  We had to flag her several times and it seems we were bothering her.  The place was not crowded at the time(4 in the afternoon).  Also we had our children with us and they didn't offer crayons or a kids' menu at the beginning of the experience. How do I know they have those items?  We saw them at the entry podium.     There needs to be a refresher course on customer service for the serving staff.
5	Happy Hour is one of those elusive things here in Vegas. There aren't many really good happy hour places, but Settebello delivers. On the happy hour, not their pizzas. You have to pick those up.The plates are great for early snacking, very reasonably priced and quick to come out. The drinks are even on discount. Very few things are better than sipping a sangria and eating their delicious food while enjoying the 100 degree temperatures in the shade on their patio.Service was good, attentive and prompt. Food was excellent and quick to arrive. Dessert was decadent (Sweet Cream Gelato in Espresso, a perfect finish).I'm eagerly awaiting an excuse to head back, except next time get a pizza.
5	Delicioso!!!!
5	I live all the way on the other side of town, so I seldom venture to this neighborhood. But this past Sunday (6/11/13), we were trying out a movie at the new Galaxy theater and decided to take advantage of the opportunity to try a restaurant on that side of town. After hearing amazing things about Settebello for years, we chose it.It was amazing!!! The pizzas on the menu are all very interesting sounding - great combinations of flavors. It was really hard to decide. We chose one tomato-based pizza and one without tomato sauce: the Settebello and the Vico. We both preferred that Vico by quite a bit, but both were amazing. They both had the same Italian sausage and buffalo mozzarella that melted into a wet, gooey sauce all over the pizza. I think what put the Vico over the edge is that in addition to the melty cheesy goodness, it has thick cream on it as well. The crust for both pizzas was perfect - doughy but not too thick. Definitely upgrade to the buffalo mozzarella for any pizza! You can do that for only $3!Service was really nice and attentive, and the space has a great feel - open ceilings so that you can see the air ducts and a bit of the loft look. I don't know how often we'll make the drive all the way over there, but I will definitely stop in anytime I'm on that side of town!
4	Great pizza. The salad I ordered was kind of lacking, but lets be honest that my my error, you don't go here to order salads. The pizza was perfection. Great light and fluffy chew tot the crust. The base was light thin with. Slight crisp. The sauce to cheese and toppings trio was balanced. Great pizza!
2	Nice environment. But best pizza in Vegas? Not so much. Friendly fast service was the best part. The pizza was good, different and interesting. But for my fellow westsiders Grimaldi's is much better and closer.
5	Oh man, this place is so good! I'd forgotten how good it was until I went again last night. I ordered the Settebello pizza - delicious! My friend and I shared the La Bomba dessert, which is also delicious (peanut butter gelato with caramel in the middle all coated in chocolate - yes please!) The service was great. I will definitely be back.
5	Excellent! We had a Caprese salad & Pizza Carbonara.  Both were outstanding and reasonably priced! I'll be back!
3	Ok I see lots of 5 stars but being a NYer I would say its good pizza not great. I like the thin crust and the folding and eating but the crust got soggy and couldn't hold the toppings on the pizza. The salad was bland. The kids get a nice portion and of course the gelato that came with it was a hit. My friends got the bomba and if you like caramel, chocolate and peanut butter it's fabulous... At least my one bite was lol....love peanut butter!The service was good and quite attentive. If we are in the neighborhood on a playdate who wants pizza we would go again, otherwise there are other restaurants right next door we might pick instead. And with all the pizza places in Vegas there are others I would run to first....
4	I was not expecting quality Italian pizza in the middle of a desert. This pizza is fantastic! I like the Margherita DOC because it comes with imported mozzarella, fresh basil and crushed tomatoes versus the standard Margherita.
5	Life changing pizza. You cannot afford to miss this food. Miles beyond above anything else, nothing even remotely compares. I've been coming here since they opened in Green Valley, and have never been disappointed in the hundreds of margarita/garlic/salami pizzas I have devoured. Each better than the last. A+++.
5	This pizza was very good!  Apparently most of the ingredients that they use are imported directly from Italy.  The crust was my favorite part and the pizza is very thin crust which is good because I try to keep it light on the carbs.  The server was fantastic.  He must have come around to check on us at least 8 times.  We sat on the new patio outside when the sun was going down and it was very cool.  All around great place!
4	It's a good thing Due Forni and this place are so far apart. It gives me a good distribution of pizza places around town that serve quality you can actually taste and touch clearly. This is worth your visit, but I'm not so sure the price is justified. But whatever. Until more places like this are out...The crust is soft, chewy, and a little salty. If you look on the bottom of it, there is an uneven pattern of burn marks and the dough is clearly hand-tossed. It is folded velvety, like some kind of silk cloth someone just casually set down. It is thin, and holds some delicious, aromatic ingredients on top. Nothing is overdone on these pizzas. Not too much of any ingredient in any bite.I couldn't tell you my favorite because I like everything I've tried. Just close your eyes, point at the paper and say, "that one." Again, it is a bit overpriced for a single-serve pizza. Don't go in here expecting cheap. Expect flavors. Savor every slice.
5	WHO WANTS TO COOK DURING THIS HEAT WAVEIt's been quite a while since we last had a pizza Napoletana style.  If you're going to eat one, do it right and have it at Settebello Pizzeria Napoletana. I remembered that they deliberately don't over cook the pizza dough and thus allowing for a soft doughy texture to the bite. I preferred the crust to be a bit more crisp and crunchy and confidently requested our two pizzas be overcooked.  As it turns out, we made the right decision.Here's what we ordered:Pizza CarbonaraCrushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Egg, Mozzarella, Cracked Pepper, Extra Virgin Olive OilEmilia (No Crushed Tomatoes)Prosciutto Cotto, Panna (Italian Cream), Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggina, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive OilWhich one had the edge ?  I think both pizzas finished first. We managed to finish just half of each and took a whole pie back home for what will be repeat moment of enjoyment.BTW... it was a UYE evening organized by LJR who risked his personal reputation by organizing this gathering. He must be much more confident since both tables reserved were packed with trusting pizza enthusiasts. I also have to congratulate Shirley B for convincing us to join this evening's roundup of pizza lovers.
5	Split a salad and a pizza with a loved one for a wonderful tasty meal.The pizzas and salads are always tasty and satisfying now only to the eye, but more importantly to the belly.A bit more expensive than other pizza joints, but you fo' sho' get what you pay for here.
5	so i lived in Italy and this is the closest that i can find. All my friends who fly in have to go here 1st. Love the pizza here and everything else.only down point would be no frozen liter mugs of beer!! LOL
4	I came here for LJ (UYE) with bunch of other yelpers. Literally took up two big tables eight. They did great job of taking everyones order and really for the most part getting everyone orders right. When it comes too big parties its usually more hassle but the staff there really on point. I know never saw anyone on our table with empty glass of soda or what not. Before I even had chance too finish had a server come up ask me if need another drink. Yelpers do we literally was the last ones too shut the place down but the staff never pushed us out. Yet again another start for service and just handling big party. I have been here once before but it been while so looking forward too the pizza and the company. The thing about this style is traditional not suppose too cut the pizza (although if you want they WILL cut it up for you). It can make for interesting eating not only using fork and knife action. Also the fact that its thin crust pizza and depending on the pizza order can be even more tricky. Think of it as part of the fun! I order the Stellebello. I enjoyed. I like the combination of pine nuts, sausage, sauce, and just the right amount of cheese. The crust was good. The pizza cooked in cold brick oven so its not your traditional crust crispy but more on the soft side. So if thinking getting crusty crust you will be disappointed. It decent size pie so warning lay off the bread. Lol! Or else going have hard time finishing off the pie.I am fan of Stellebello! Just that since its in Henderson would much rather go with my favorite closer too home. Sure if in the area someplace would stop by get my pie on. Mahalos too LJ for setting up the UYE. As always great time meeting new yelpers never meet before and seeing friends again. Till the next UYE.
4	This new wave of Neapolitan pizza is very welcomed, as it is a great new edition to the NY (yum), Chicago (YUM!), and California (eh) styles that have dominated here for years. Settebello, much like the the other Neapolitan joints I have tried, concerns itself with quality ingredients, which is the most important key to a good pie, regardless of the style. On our visit, we had the Diavola and the namesake Settebello pizzas. Both were nifty little numbers. The only part that was lacking was a slightly soggy middle, which is a common side effect from the Neapolitan style of cooking. In addition to the pizza, Settebello offers a decent wine list at reasonable prices. The location is in a strip mall. And while they tried jazzing it up with some "Old World" looking touches (executed with varying degrees of commitment), it still feels like you are in a strip mall. Our service was just jake. Settebello is not the type of experience that would prompt me to drive across the valley (it is about as far from my house as anywhere in the Vegas area), but it is a superb option if I find myself in the same hood.
5	Grab your fork and knife.  No slices here.  True Napolitano pizza in Vegas (or as close as you're gonna get without a trip to Italy).So it's a small chain of restaurants, all good.  Quality ingredients atop a perfectly blistered, chewy, well seasoned crust served by a proud and friendly staff.  Win!  This is the real deal.  They even follow the the standards laid down by the Italian government that define such trivial things as the basic ingredients of the crust, its thickness, and the cooking temperature.The Margherita DOC is excellent.  The standard to judge all Napolitano pizza by, a simple base of crushed, ripe, acidic tomatoes, fresh milky Mozzarella, fresh basil, and a splash of EVOO.  Near perfect.  The diavola with its fennel flavored, gently aged finnochiona, sweet roasted peppers, garlic and mozzarella equally good.  Too simple?  The pizza Capricciosa with its aged, porky porsciutto, oil poached artichoke hearts mushrooms olives basil all atop the same sweet, acidic tomato pure topped with fresh mozzarella, outstanding without being overloaded with toppings.The only weakness, the namesake Settebello.  The sausage lacked the aged, umame flavor so characteristic in Italian cured meats.  A minor point considering.Very inexpensive for the quality.Now if they would just move the tables much closer, encourage chatting it up with your neighbors, get some disposable paper table coverings and serve an abundance of wine....
4	This place is great. The staff are friendly and helpful and the food is excellent. We shared the Settebello pizza and the Insalata Grande. The pizza was awesome. I loved the sauce, and the pine nuts on it added a nice texture and flavor. The salad was good, but less interesting than the pizza. I'd definitely go back next time I'm in the area!
5	My favorite pizza in Las Vegas. I usually go with the marinara (no cheese) or margharita. Simple. Classic. Delicious. They in insalata grande is perfect to split for 3-4 ppl and they make a yummy limoncello shot. If you're there in the summer, the patio is nice before it gets hotter than hades.
2	We must have been there on an off day. I just dont get all the raves, I have lived in Italy and I  know anybody trying to serve a pizza like Settebello would never stay in business for long.First order is a good dough - Settebellos dough I suspect is frozen, low gluten, the same stuff white bread is made out off.  Sure they blister it nicely before serving, but it has no flavor, the crust alone taste like hot dog buns. There is not a hint of good quality olive oil on the crust and the crust comes to the table with the middle so soggy it was gross.  The crust was so mushy we had to ask for a fork scrap off the ingredients and eat them solo - the crust simple was not for human consumption and stayed on the plate - a gummy mess.The top ingredients are for the most part good, cheese is good, not so much the sausage, but that is a matter of individual taste. We had wine which comes in silly tiny non stem glasses. The wine list is okay, nothing interesting or ambitious, but then again it befits everything Settebello stands for. We did not have the courage to try the desserts after seeing them on a table next to us having been left half eaten. Would we go back,? No,of course not - the search for a good pizza in LV goes on.
5	Well, the hype is true!  And, Rod U. most recently, and many others before him, speak the truth.  Settebello serves great pizza.  Not just great Neapolitan pizza--great pizza, period!  Diane and I attended LJ's UYE here the end of last month, and I--a New York style Dom DeMarco's, Secret Pizza, and Biaggio's champion, and not one typically enamored by Neapolitan style pizza--was suitably impressed.  This is not your typical Pepperoni and sliced Mushrooms Pizza establishment.  But no matter!  The other fine Italian meats served here, Roasted Mushrooms, and outstanding Toasted Pine Nuts are just as satisfying.  As remarked by others, the ingredients imported from Italy are top of the line.  I loved the great flavorful slice of Italian ham Kevin P. was kind enough to extend me from his tantalizing order of Antipasto Misto.  And, the Soppressata I added to my Settebello was as spicy as my server said it would be.  My mouth was on fire!  And the spice lingered there, but in a pleasant, reminiscent sort of way.  My only complaint is that a 12-inch pizza is not enough for me--especially when the crust is relatively thin.  Settebello's pizza crust is not of the crisp cracker variety commonly found throughout Italy, but it is surely thinner than typical New York style pizza.  Yet my pizza was still hot and saucy, and I liked everything about it: the dough, Crushed Tomatoes that tasted like mild and wet Tomato Sauce, tangy Pancetta, relatively mild Wood Oven Sausage, in addition to the Roasted Mushrooms, Soppressata, and Toasted Pine nuts that delivered a nice crunch to a bite.  Only next time I might opt to add a milder Italian meat.  And I will likely order two pizzas for myself, and take half of one home after I have devoured the rest.  I know Diane will not object, because she may very well do the same.  When it comes to pizza, we do not mess around.  For dinner we usually order a large or extra large pizza apiece, eat as much as we can, and take the remainder home for at least lunch and sometimes also dinner the next day.  The only requirement is that the pizza must be superior in flavor, texture, and ingredients.  And, Settebello delivers on all counts!  The dough comes out of the super-hot oven with a little char for Neapolitan authenticity, but no char taste.  Diane, who is fussy about pizza (and most other foodstuffs) very much liked her Emilia Pizza, with ham, Mozzarella, and EVOO, even though she was skeptical going in.  To open, while awaiting the firing and presentation of my pizza, I also ordered an Insalata, and found the Radicchio to be somewhat bitter, but that is the nature of this beast.  Fresh mixed greens and a very good light Balsamic Vinaigrette overpowered the bitterness in any event, and the salad portion was quite generous.  Service was efficient and helpful.  The companionship of fellow Yelpers was enjoyable, and of course the food was great!  It was a fine and memorable UYE.And, I plan to be back often to introduce other pizza aficionados with whom I am well acquainted, to the magical tastes that regularly emerge from the wood burning oven of Settebello.
3	It depends on your individual taste in what you enjoy in a pizza. For me it was not the end all of pizzas. I guess I did not like the chewy soft crust. I prefer thin and crusty. My husband and son enjoyed theirs. I had the settebello and hated the sausage. My son had one with egg on it and he loved it, my ever loving husband who does NOT experiment had cheese. I will say the misto appetizer was very nice- wish I had stopped there.
5	obsessed!!! this place has been the most legit pizza ive been able to find since visiting italy.  i love EVERYTHING about this place and its authenticity!
5	Still my favorite pizza place in Las Vegas, and actually anywhere! I always order the Diavola with poached egg, garlic, and uncut. When I get the pizza with the soft yolk, I break it and spread it all over the pizza like a sauce. Somehow yolks add a creamy flavor to things that cannot be imitated with anything else I know of....yummy. Don't forget to ask for the spicy olive oil to drench over your pizza. The housemade chili oil adds a great kick. If you have leftovers and decide to take it home, warm it up in an oven or eat it cold. Microwaving would destroy the nice crusty crust. Service either inside, at the bar or outside is always friendly. It really seems like the staff likes working here and with each other. This reminds me of my restaurant days.
5	Got the prosciutto wrapped arugula appetizer and the Settebello's pizza. Amazing. The arugula had thin sliced mozzarella and this balsamic glaze that made it sweet, salty, and light. The pizza was so thin I could see through it. Crust was crispy, the gobs of cheese melted in your mouth and the sausage was seasoned well with the right amount of heat. Best pizza I've had in a long time. Don't waste any time, come here. You won't regret it.
1	Can't believe people keep giving this place great ratings! I can make better pizza at home with my oven. LAS VEGAS. Please head to either Chicago or Detroit for great pizza that has depth and has big flavor. Pizza in Las Vegas sucks period. One place I want to mention is Home Plate Grill at Blue Diamond and Decatur. Lots better. The pizza I had was 'The Settebello". Very dry and had little toppings. Expensive and very small too. The only plus was the ingredients were quality ones but not many covered the pizza! Too much bread showing.
3	Well, not bad at all, but not fatastic or best, either. Good enough for bucks you spend.  Fresh ingredients, excellent dough and crust, authentic cooking make most of their pizzas very enjoyable. Would rate 4 stars for food itself but not sure if its worth to drive from other areas, for example, the strip.Its their service that makes me give 3stars. Servers were not so friendly - lack of smiles and professionalism. Our waitress was especially bad. We were 6 people and she literally threw the straws to everyone when she brought us our drinks. Could not believe my eyes. She were hard to find during our entire stay so we had to grab other servers all the time. They also seemed very busy in a not-so-crowded restaurant.
4	My family and I had a late lunch here and the place was hardly packed which was nice.  We started off with the insalata grande salad of mixed greens, fresh tomatoes, artichoke hearts, roasted mushrooms, olives, pine nuts, cracked pepper, shaved parmigiano reggiano topped with balsamic vinaigrette.  The salad was refreshing and delicious.  We ordered two pizzas - Margherita with crushed tomatoes, buffalo mozzarella, basil, parmigiano reggiano and extra virgin olive oil and Settebello with crushed tomatoes, pancetta, sausage, roasted mushrooms, toasted pine nuts, mozzarella, basil and extra virgin olive oil.  The pizzas were light and thin crusted, and the toppings were fresh and flavorful. The salad and pizza were delicious, and we'll dine here again when we're back in Vegas.
5	This is no pizza hut or papa john's type pizza. It's thin, has unique toppings and is very traditional italian pizza. I LOVE every type I've had (I've had most of the menu). I'll definitely be coming back soon! Don't forget to grab some of their house made gelato. We had cookies and creme once and it was to die for!
4	Great authentic Italian style pizza. Crispy super thin crust with very fresh ingredients.  This isn't New York style, Chicago style or generic American pizza, this is pizza napoletana which is different.  Just realize what your getting. I recommend the Capricciosa pizza which has crushed tomatoes, Prosciutto , Artichoke Hearts, Roasted Mushrooms, Olives, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil.
4	Off the strip but that will never keep me from coming here everytime I visit sin cityCame for happy hour, buy one get one free.  Epic deal.  Came up hard on four cocktails and 6 beers.  *note-must be seated in bar area and may not be beer from there Italian import menu.Started with prosciutto appetizer which is wrapped in arugula and goat cheese.  Amazing with cocktails.  Second appetizer was the misto which is sliced cured italian meats, veggies and cheeses.  Went perfect with my pale ales.  Ordered Capricciosa with prosciutto, artichoke hearts, mushrooms and kalamata olives.  Bold flavor, good topping combination and very unique pizza.  also got their namesake, Settebello.  Pancetta, sausage, mushrooms, and toasted pine nuts!!  GET THIS PIZZA FIRST 'NUFF SAIDSweet cream and hazelnut gelato and panna cotta for dessert.  Left settebello satisfied and smiling like a kid in a candy shop
2	Dined here once and will never return. While the food was passable, (nothing outstanding but not slop either) the prices and the wait staff will keep me from eating at this restaurant again.Our pizzas were pretty small and did not contain many ingredients. I understand they serve margherita pizzas, but all the other times I've eaten them I left the table feeling full. This was not the case here. The crust was thin and took up a good portion of the pizza. We wondered why they only sauced about 50% of the pizza. The cheese was tasty, but I would have liked more than a few little pieces on the pizza.For such a small pizza, the cost was certainly not worth it. I would have no problem if the food was outstanding, but it was just an average pizza. Many other smaller pizzerias in town offer better tasting and larger pizzas for less money than Settebello.Our waiter was anything but approachable, making it seem like a chore to get a place setting for one person in our group. Throughout the meal, our waiter was rarely seen. He basically took our order and gave us the check. The server who brought our food out was the one to check on us!I usually try to keep non-food related criticisms to myself, but this restaurant had too many strikes against it not to mention the negatives. I would only dine here again if someone else paid for it, and even then, I would make sure to have a place lined up for food later on.
3	I enjoyed the pizza. We had the margherita, bolognese, and diablo pizzas. I really liked the margherita pizza. It's a very thin crust pizza, but the crust stays soft in the wood fire oven. The size is decent for a personal pizza, but it is defiantly more of a traditional type pizza, sorry dominos lovers, this is not for you. The service was very good, but also very slow in my opinion. I also thought the pizza was a bit overpriced, but so is everything in the district.Over all if you like this type of pizza, the place is nice and you will probably enjoy this restaurant. If the American style pizza is more your speed, this is defiantly not that.
3	Half tempted to go down to two stars based on the service. There were five of us co-workers, so as usual we asked for separate checks rights away. We all asked for water except one guy who asked for a soda. So at the end the guy looks at the receipts and says " I didn't charge you for the soda, don't worry about it". That's because you charged me for the soda! So I politely waited and told a different server about the soda charge and it was correct but my new bill had charged an extra .50 for the meat.. Heck with it! I paid for my meal plus .50 They were nice but waiting and waiting for refills and our order was too much.  The pizzas were good. We kinda did a spread where we all shared various pizzas. My favorite was the margarita (sp). The claim to be part of a secret pizza cult and this maintain true Italian style pizza, so of your in the mood for NY/ American style pizza then this isn't the joint to goto. The pizzas come in personal style only. I do like the food. Quite a bit uppetty on their prices. But then again look at the location. Probably wont come back, with cheaper choices elsewhere for the same flavors. Nice ambience and a great setting for a date night
5	Love this place and my kids do too - here are the top reasons:  1. Fast.  This pizza cooks quickly.  2.  Great big booths!  3.  Authentic, unique and super yummy pizza - the kids menu is great (make your own pizza with gelato at the end) 4.  Great salads for those of us who don't eat a lot of carbs - I love their Arugula SaladJust a great place to go - comfortable, great food and kids friendly!
4	I'm a carnivore but I'm a fan of Margherita pizza - my test for true great pizza.  So the past few times I've been coming to Settebello, that's all I get.   I can usually eat an individual (12 inch) pizza by myself but that leaves me with no space for dessert. I've been meaning to try their Nutella pizza. A group of us decided to come here as soon as they opened at 11am and I finally got to try more than my usual green, white and red pizza.We got started with an order of misto (charcuterie, cheese, olives and zucchini in olive oil) and caprese.  For pizzas, we got a margherita, vico, Genovese, quattro formaggi, capricciosa and settebello. We also had a Nutella pizza, cannoli, peach panna cotta and a scoop of vanilla gelato.  I'm not going into details with the charcuterie and cheese plate or the caprese since they basically, slice things and put on your plate...no special prep required.  I'm not going to discuss the margherita pizza either, all you have to know is that the crust for all their pizzas is yummy, thin and crisp - best eaten as soon as it gets served on your table. The toppings are from fresh quality ingredients and none of the synthetic stuff.Vico:Sausage, fennel, mascarpone, fresh mozzarella, red onions, basil and EVOO. No crushed tomato sauce. 4/5Genovese:Special pizza (not on the regular menu). Sausage, basil, caramelized onions, fresh mozzarella and shaved parmesan. No crushed tomato sauce. 5/5Quattro Formaggi:Fontina, gorgonzola, fresh mozzarella, Parmigiano with crushed tomato sauce. 4/5Capricciosa:Prosciutto, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, Kalamata olives, basil, fresh mozzarella, EVOO and crushed tomato sauce. 4/5Settebello:Pancetta, pine nuts, sausage, mushrooms, fresh mozzarella, basil, EVOO and crushed tomato sauce. 5/5Nutella Pizza:Sliced bananas baked on a pizza crust drizzled with Nutella, topped with  and dusted with powdered sugar.  I added strawberries on mine to make it more interesting. I love Nutella but I was not impressed by this dessert.  The crust could have been sweeter and  more Nutella could have been added. Looks pretty in pictures though. 3/5Service is always great here.
5	On a last minute lunch date, I decided to join 4 other coworkers at Settebello.  One, because I heard the place is amazing and two, I haven't been here before, so of course, I jumped at the opportunity to create a review!  This restaurant is located within the East side of the District.  When you walk in you'll notice the high ceilings and exposed air ducts.  Makes it feel like an industrial warehouse and super modern.  There are brick facade wall coverings, large windows, dark wood chairs, granite looking table tops and the delightful smell of pizza dough fills the air.  I especially noticed the eclectic pictures of Italian artistry.  The place looks like a high end pizzeria!  I was excited.  The server had very little interaction with our table and didn't seem to like the fact that we wanted to split the checks at the end.  What I did like were the hosts and serving assistants.  They were super attentive and kept checking on our table to see if we needed water or boxes for our leftovers.  Certainly made up for the server's attitude.For my meal, I got the one and only, Settebello Pizza for $13.50.  This pizza is packed!  Crushed tomatoes, pancetta, wood oven sausage, roasted mushrooms, toasted pine nuts, fresh mozzarella, basil, extra virgin olive oil.  WOW, I was loving it!  The crust was crispy on the outside and perfectly cooked on the inside.  There were blotches of melted mozz balls throughout the pizza.  Love mushrooms on my pizza and they did it up!  The pancetta was fatty and savory, the sausage chunks were huge and dispersed evenly.  I think the crushed tomatoes and basil combination made the pizza taste super homemade.  This pizza was on point and super delicious!  Highly recommended.If you're in the area, you NEED to try this place out!  In fact, I'm going back next week on another lunch escapade.  I was pleasantly surprised and super thankful I came along.  Another great find here in Las Vegas in my books.  Thanks Settebello!!!
4	I ordered a pizza to go which took about a minute to bake.  They had one size pizza (12" pizza) that ranged from $8.50-$13.50.   I was a little disappointed that they did not offer Ricotta Cheese on their pizza.   They were located on S Green Valley Parkway in Henderson, NV.I ordered the Settebello Pizza which had Crushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Wood Oven Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil.  The pizza was sliced for the to go order.  The bones were soft, chewy and charred.  Yum! I will be back to dine in.
5	This place has the best pizza! It reminds me of real Italian pizza. Happy Hour specials are good also!
5	Excellent pizza! I haven't tasted pizza this good since I lived I Italy. Outstanding! I highly recommend.
4	I love this place. The pizza is delicious. I don't get that heavy, greasy feeling after I eat here. Sometimes pizza can be over-the-top with cheese coming out of your ears and whatnot. This isn't that kind of place. If you're looking for bar food pizza, look somewhere else.For the bigger eaters out there, just a heads up: I can put down a whole pizza here without a problem. So if you're ravenously hungry, you should probably go somewhere else. Or get two pizzas! Mmmm...
5	This place has great pizza!  It is authentic Italian style with fresh ingredients.  If you're hungry, go ahead and get your own Pizza because you won't want to share!
4	Before heading back to California, we decided to stop here for some pizza. The Bianca was delicious. We also had the meat and cheese platter which was amazing. Although we were extremely hungover, we tried (and failed) to drink some strawberry bellinis. They were good, but I bet a lot better when you weren't imaging the bottle of Whisky sitting in your stomach. Overall, great little pizza place. Definitely worth a try if you're in the hood.
4	Loved the selection of Italian beer. 2 for 1 at happy hour too.  The pizza was good but not mind blowing or anything.  I tried the Vico and the Settebello. The nutella pizza was also very good.  Definitely a cool little place I would go to again.
5	Love this place reminds me of Naples ! It is not your American pizza ( which I like too! Chicago,NY,and Boston style) but its like being back in Italy.Thank you!!!
4	very good pizza.  my son ate 3 pizza's himself.  he's a really picky eater.  next time were in the henderson area, we will probably be back.
5	Whenever in Henderson Settebello beckons me. Delicious. Authentic. Yeah. Mmmmm.I give it five stars because the pizza is delicious and reminds me of the year and a half I spent in Italy. It's not like the standard American-style pizza served by nearly every other pizza joint.  But don't let that scare you.  I'm not a pizza snob, I'll gulp down the ordinary stuff too.  Ordinary is ordinary, Settebello is Pizza Napoletana and worth trying. My favorite pizza is the Settebello with olives substituted for the pine nuts.  If I'm lucky and can eat there often enough that I don't want the same thing as last time, then I go with the Diavola.  A great combination of flavor and kick. The service has always been attentive.  I've not had a bad experience in the dozen or so times I've been in.
3	Only rated 3 stars because we've had better pizza and caprese salad at a nearby pizzeria. Even the extra crispy crust couldn't save this pizza.
5	Got the Margarita with prosciutto added and the Settebello. Both were delicious. Dough is perfect in crunchiness and chewiness. Ordered for take out, they said 15 mins wait time but it was a lot quicker. I'll be back. My new go-to pizza place in Henderson.
4	Good pizza and good service. Great dessert as well. It is a good pizza no doubt but I have been to some places that do it better. That said, I don't know what other options are in the area and I know how jaded I sound. Definitetly worth going to at least once to try!
4	YUMMY!  You can taste the difference from the ordinary Pizza. I am in love with the Pannacotta
5	I know this review has been months in the making but most of it was written out and I just forgot to complete it.Settebello deserves the full 5 star rating from me first because of their excellent customer service.  I setup a reservation for a group dinner for 15 people, it was officially a UYE but I'm sure they had no idea it was a herd of Yelpers coming who would most likely analyze everything about the experience and rip them for anything bad in a review, unless someone had spilled the beans.  Anyways they knew to bring their A game that night.  Everything from the first phone conversation with one of the managers, to us showing up at the reservation time and having them already ready, to almost completely accommodating our large party, which was set for 15 then grew to 20+ on an already busy night, to getting all our orders, drinks, and checks, and to not kicking us out after when we were just hanging out and talking story was perfect for me wanting to go back ASAP. Shall we try for 30 people next time!? They're an excellent place for large group dining.They also deserve the 5 star rating because of the good. I already knew I was going to enjoy the delicious pizza creations coming out from their wood burning brick ovens being featured on one my favorite food tv shows Unique Eats. Do you know how many times I've seen the same clip of Settebello' s on my giant screen HD TV before I gave in? A bunch of times and many times I was hungry and drooling over the what I saw. I had the Settebello Pizza, why not, they put their name on it so It better be it's best. Did I enjoy it? Of course I did. Crushed tomatoes, pancetta, wood oven sausage, roasted mushrooms, toasted pine nuts, fresh mozzarella, basil, extra virgin olive oil. Everything about it was excellent better than the TV. Even the President just had to have some Settebello. The personal pizza size is plenty for one or 2 people. I'd suggest ordering 2 different pizzas and halving them.They are located East of Green Valley Parkway across the street from The District and a nice walk from Green Valley Ranch Casino. They have an excellent happy hour running M-F 3PM-6PM for $5 mini pizzas and another thing but I forgot. They also just opened their new location near Sahara and Fort Apache.
5	I've been craving Italian pizza with a homemade thin crust and fresh mozzarella.... And the pizzas here totally satisfied my craving! We ordered the Diavola (basil, garlic, red peppers, gooey fresh mozzarella, marinara sauce) and the Capricciosa (prosciutto, artichokes, olives, mushrooms, basil, mozzarella, marinara sauce). They were both soooo very delicious! the crust was perfect- thin, but still doughy and the end of the crust was crisp. And the ingredients were so fresh with that melted mozzarella on top and the marinara sauce had good flavor. I want to go back to try the others and the get the Nutella dessert pizza!
4	It is Naples pizza done right. There is no insanity to hype up, they use great ingredients and make a specific type of pizza. The pizza and antipasti are all excellent. If you want simple quadro is great and don't get the pizza cut- that is part of the fun. You can taste the way it is made, some parts of it are "Burnett" and some doughy, but that's how a real pizza from a real pizza oven should be- and it's better that way. The ambiance is solid, but after having begun to go to Dui Forni with its italian 60's-ish vibe, it loses a star in that department, but great Naples- style pizza, a must for the family or a casual night out.
5	Perfectly crafted,received, & devoured. Now if only they wore funny hats and delivered at all hours of the night ;-)
3	Tonight was def an off night for this place. Our service started off great... But then it seemed like once 9 pm hit people were sent home and our server just couldn't hang with the multiple tables.Pretty sad because our pizzas came out at different times (2 of us), and my box never came, our plates were never cleared (not even after our dessert had come).  The pizza was delicious though as usual. I hope they can get their game together during the 9-10 hour, especially for those arriving around 8:15.
4	Started off our meal at Settebello with a Spritz cocktail and then moved onto a fresh beet salad and the Vico pizza.  TheSpritz was very refreshing, and the beet salad was a nice compliment. The colors were beautiful with yellow and bright red beets combined with bitter greens.The Vico pizza was served with fennel and caramelized red onion. It was cooked perfectly with a beautiful chewy crust.Unfortunately, they ran out of Panna Cotta for dessert as well as the pistachio gelato.  I still opted for an espresso which was served with a small biscotti. The crema on the espresso was a dark caramel color, and the espresso was very nicely balanced.Stems up!
5	Must come back! Food is so freaking fresh and yummy! Loved loved loved the Caprese. The Settebello pizza was super awesome as well. Place is small and not as busy when I went (after lunch before dinner). Our waitress was friendly and always checked to see if everything was good. Another waiter came to fill my water when he saw it almost done. Looking forward to trying all their other menu items!
4	Delicious pizza served by pleasant staff. The spicy pizza was hot enough that is did not have to ask forgot sauce!
4	Honestly the best pizza I've found in Vegas, and that's saying a lot. A little inconsistent sometimes ( the pizza can, on occasion, come out a little mushy) but! When it's served right it's the absolute best !!! You need to try this pie !!
5	Quite possibly the best pizza my mouth has ever tasted.I ended up coming to Settebello for lunch to celebrate a friend's birthday. The restaurant is located in the District. When you first walk into the restaurant you will be greeted by a friendly hostess and walked to your table. The decor consists of dark wood and granite which makes you instantly feel that you are in a high end pizzeria. Service wise, they seemed to be short on staff when we came in. Our server seemed to also be the bartender for the day shift, but I can see that she was trying to show us as much attention as possible. I also brought a cake from a bakery prior to meeting at Settebello and asked the server to put it in the back until we were done with our meal. I ordered the Vico, which blew my mind. I wouldn't call myself a pizza enthusiast but I know what good pizza tastes like. The pizza isn't loaded down with oil and has no tomato sauce which makes it very light. The pizza consisted of yummy sausage, fennel, mozzarella and mascarpone (no tomatoes). It was frickin delicious. I'm obsessed with the crust, which was  thin but not tastless and chewy in the middle.Highly recommended.Overall it was great experience. If you're anywhere near the Henderson area, you must try this place out.
5	Best pizza I've had outside of Florence Italy, the flavor and crust is spot on. Try the margarita, it will transport you back there...I promise (even if it's just for a few seconds ;))We come for  the happy hours because the 2 for 1 beer prices just can't be beat. plus, I really like their italian craft brews selection (im pretty sure i've posted a picture of the ones we liked before).The staff is usually pretty good, but we always sit at the bar...so that probably helps. though I will say (Kendra the bartender) was by far our favorite.
3	Pizza Cat went to Settebello pizza based on someone's opinion that it is the best pizza in Las Vegas. After trying the much-talked, much-hyped Settebello, Pizza Cat has come to the conclusion that the place is a-ok, nothing to write back to Naples about. There are two schools of thought on pizza (well, ok, maybe more like ten, but for the sake of time, lets say there's two major schools of thought). One school is the one Pizza Cat belongs to.... a pizza is yummy. It is oozy, cheesy, salty, goodness, made by Joe, behind a brick oven. The other school of thought is more Settebello's style, a pizza is suppose to be made the classical Naples style, thin crust, in a wood fire. Joe vs. Giuseppe, who makes the better pizza? Well, the debate as to which pizza is better could rage on for hours, but.... Pizza Cat knows what she likes and Settebello is not it. (although Giuseppe can make her pizza any day! Meow!)Settebello is high-quality. Pizza Cat squealed with delight as she tasted sweet, fresh, grape tomatoes on her Panzanlla salad, the best grape tomatoes in Las Vegas. And there were shavings of real Parm cheese, much better than the powder stuff out of the jar. But the argula was bit too fresh and the bitter taste was a bit too sharp. Also an extra drizzle of dressing would have been perfect. Onto the two pizzas... Pizza Cat ordered the Settebello because of promises of pancetta, mmmm.... PIzza cat cannot refuse pancetta, which is much better than American bacon. However it was more like a slice of pancetta and Pizza cat does not like being teased. It was delicious, but she would have to order ten more to get her pancetta fix. The tom-cat got the pizza carbonara, an interesting mixture of egg, topping and cheese. Honestly, neither pizzas were very good. The one bad thing that stopped Pizza Cat from returning again and is the reason she dislikes Neapolitan pizza is the crust. To make it traditional Neapolitan style, it has to be very thin, and cooked very briefly. It is a sublime art, to say the least. And if its not perfect (which is about 70% of the time) it comes partly burnt, partly doughy, which is what happened in the two pizzas above. Burnt pepperoni is yummy, burnt crust is just burnt. The damage was $40 for the Panzanella (salad), two small pizzas and a soda. $50 with tip. Oh geez.... Pizza Cat could hear the old nanas in Naples laughing all the way to the bank.
5	Never would I have guessed that I, a New Yorker who finds LA's Pizzeria Mozza the best gourmet pizza in the country, would have given 5 stars to a pizza restaurant near Cheesecake Factory in suburban Las Vegas. But I am -- and it's worth it. During the week staying nearby, I came here twice and was wowed every time. I first chose the proscuitto and romaine lettuce pizza, and it was perfectly crisp with the right combination of ingredients without being messy or too greasy. The second night I chose the white pizza with fennel sausage, and it honestly beat the Susan Finiger's fennel sausage pizza at Mozza. The gelato here - especially the peanut butter gelato -- is not to be missed. The best cup of coffee I've had outside of Europe. If you are in Vegas, Henderson or at Green Valley, this is a must.
4	The closest u can get here for an authentic italian pizza... Be aware u may not like it if u think u r getting lot of cheese of ingredients... But that is the italian way
5	Wow I am so happy that the Bolognese is permanently on the menu!!! By far the best sauce that we have ever tasted!!! We still love the other pizzas but this quickly won as our new favorite pizza! There is no doubt why this was crowned the best pizza in Nevada!!!!!
3	After reading a glowing review in a past issue of Las Vegas Weekly and recently online through Yelp, I was really looking forward to checking out the $5 Happy Hour offerings at this Neapolitan-style pizzeria. We decided to go with the basics - the Calzone and the Margherita pizza. The personal-size calzone was tasty, however, the bottom quickly became a soggy mess in less than five and the top also lost its initial crunch!?!? The Margherita pizza was quite tasty with a light amount of sauce and cheese so that I could fully appreciate the chewy, slightly charred crust. The happy hour menu is a super duper deal for small appetites and budgets. I suppose if I lived in Henderson, I'd hit up this budget-friendly happy hour all the time, but it wasn't worth the drive from Vegas. Maybe The Lakes location has the same Happy Hour deal? The new location wasn't open last time I was in Vegas...I feel service could be improved as:*We weren't greeted when we entered the restaurant, even though there were two employees chillin' at the hostess stand.*Our server/the bartender didn't check up on us.*We had to flag down our server/the bartender for our bill even though we were sitting around a while after we finished our food. Is neglect normal here, because I've eaten in bar areas of other restaurants and received plenty of service?!?!
5	Absolutely the best pizza I have and will probably ever have in my life.I am a longgggg time fan of Settebello. This authentic Neapolitan style restaurant offers the most tasty apps, pizzas, desserts, you name it. I'm at one of their many locations at least twice a month. (It's a long drive for me, but it's MORE than worth it). My FAVORITE appetizers are the misto (a sampling of the most delicious focaccia bread, Italian meats, cheeses, and veggies like artichokes and olives) and the involtini: prosciutto wrapped arugula with goat cheese and balsamic. YUM!My FAVORITE and in my opinion, the best pizza, is the Diavola. Garlic, finochionna (spicy salami), red bell peppers, and the most mouth watering margherita style sauce, mozzarella, and crust you will ever have. Dessert: Dream Bomba. Chocolate coated peanut butter and vanilla ice cream drizzled with caramel and chocolate fudge. So awesome! Service is always outstanding. They are people who really care about you, your dining experience, and who always welcome you with open arms into the Settebello home! If you're looking for somewhere uptight, please do not dine here. This is a place for happy people who love great food, great service, a relaxed environment, and superior standards.Mangia!
1	I've had pizza in Naples, Sali's pizza in New Haven, & I've had Tony's pizza in SF; this pizza is not good.  either the dough is over hydrated or the oven isn't hot enough.  The crust is soggy with absolutely no crunch or snap.  The toppings are bland and very little salt.
5	This is the only pizza spot we frequent. They have great quality imported ingredients and a friendly staff.   We are moving to mountains edge area, but will make the trip over just to get our fix!
3	Was very curious on how good Settebello would be, wanted to try it since it was authenticated by the Italian pizza association. I know that they use double 00 Caputo flour, which is good for wood burning ovens. It was good but not great. The pizza is light and airy and thin. I prefer a thin New York style pizza. More a chewy bite with a slight crunch, like Grimaldis. two pizza, 1 salad and couple of drinks came out to be $46 for lunch before tip. What I also didn't like was that the pizza's were preset, no topping choices. I guess, I prefer Americanized pizza over authentic Italian pizza.
1	Usually one of our favorites. Waited 1 hr.  for pizza that never came. Finally left after paying for salads. Mentioned to hostess on exiting. They were very busy but should know Friday in December always is. Very disappointed.
5	Best pizza! Every time I am in Las Vegas I make a trip to come here. The settebello pizza and the diavola pizza are both amazing. Such a great experience.
3	Overall, the food was good.  Not the best in state, as it's rated, but definitely good. There were 3 of us in our party, me and 2 guys (I was a lucky girl).  We ordered the Insalata Grande to start, which was made of Mixed Greens, Fresh Tomatoes, Artichoke Hearts, Roasted Mushrooms, Olives, Pine Nuts, Cracked Pepper, Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano, and Balsamic Vinaigrette.  Definitely plenty for the 3 of us to share.  Your doctor would approve of the healthy, tasty ingredients in this salad!We ordered 2 pizzas, Margherita DOC and the Setebello.  They're 12" pizzas.  2 was plenty for us but if you had really big eaters, you'd probably need 1 per person.  Upon ordering, our server asked us if we wanted our pizza cut in slices. To us that was strange.  Don't they always cut pizza in slices?  Apparently, here they don't unless you ask.  We asked if we didn't get it sliced, how are we supposed to eat it?  Do we take a bite and then pass it to the next person at our table?  Very strange question we thought.The Setebello pizza is their signature pizza so we had to try that one.  It was delicious.  Very flavorful, fresh ingredients.  The Margherita DOC pizza was good, but the Setebello blew it away.  The Margherita DOC pizza was made with crushed Tomatoes, Fresh Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil, Parmigiano Reggiano, and Extra Virgin Olive Oil.  The Setebello pizza was made with Crushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Wood Oven Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, and Extra Virgin Olive Oil. The crust reminded me of a flour tortilla.  It was soft and even burnt like a tortilla you would warm up on the stove.  Not my favorite crust.  I wish it was a little crispier.Now, dessert was the best!  We ordered the Chocolate Bomba.  It was a caramel, chocolate ice cream dessert that was to die for.  We devoured it in minutes!  Definitely the best part of the meal!  We agreed that it tasted like a Snickers bar ice cream dessert.  Our server, Jason, was awesome.  He gave us recommendations on what to order and was right on with what were the best menu selections.  It's so hard to come by good servers in restaurants today, and he was awesome!  The restaurant is casual but was a little loud, which made it kind of hard to converse over dinner.We would definitely come back to this restaurant again, but all agree it's not the best pizza in Vegas. It's good, but not the best.
1	Maybe i just ordered the wrong foods, but really, if you can't get a margherita pizza right, i'm afraid to order anything else. I do not understand how this place got such great reviews. I started with a white sangria...no fruits, and it tasted like a watered down limoncello. This was followed by the beet salad....EVERYONE knows that you canNOT toss soft cheeses, such as brie or goat cheese, in a salad, it has to be added after the toss. Otherwise this happens: "Where's the cheese? Why do the beets look like they have mold growing on them?" Yes, this happened....for reals. Now about that pizza. First, it was watery and burnt - that is a feat that seems impossible, but it happened....for reals. The top was soggy and watery. The crust was "purposely overcooked" - but the charred flavor of the crust was overwhelming enough for me to put the slice down and start feeling like my stomach was developing cancer. I will not come back, and I REFUSE to recommend or bring anyone here.
4	It's great place if you like individual pizza but don't go expecting one pizza will be enough to feed multiple people (they do tell you that beforehand thankfully).We started with the flat bread appetizer which was good and is about the same size of the pizzas. For our main course we shared this pizza (which I can't remember or pronounce) but it had artichokes and olives. I didn't remember seeing ham or pork on the description but if I did I wish I could've asked for it to be on only half of it. At least my boyfriend likes it. :)We did share a dessert as well. It was a lemon pastry covered in powdered sugar. It was really good but I'm now curious how good their popular one is.I forgot to add how the service is friendly and helpful especially since I can't say anything on the menu correctly. Overall, it's a nice place to eat pizza if you're on a date with your significant other.
3	They do a nice twist on pizza and we enjoyed it. However, I thought it was pricey and not the best value for money.I think it'd be a great place to go on a date with someone that you're just getting to know and would like to make a good impression on. I don't believe that we could afford to make this our family's friday evening place.
5	Stellar food, great service! You can't beat this place. Wonderfully authentic. The ingredients are the freshest, most flavorful you can get and their new menu items like the beat salad and the Pizza Bolognese are amazing! Something for every taste, even the kids. Don't forget to treat yourself to a panna cotta for desert.
5	I've been here a few times before with my family and every time the service and food is exceptional. We went again today and the hostesses and the server came to the table every few minutes to ask if we need anything or if we wanted drink refills. Server gave recommendations and did his best to help us decide what to get. Exceptional service. Now the food, my dad ordered the Diavola pizza and my brother got the kid's meal (kid's soda, 6" cheese pizza, hazelnut gelatto.) and I got the Focaccia, great food, my only complaint is that the oregano on the focaccia was burnt because it was put on top before it was baked, I'd personally think that it would be better mixed into the dough. Overall, very happy with everything, this place has the most authentic italian pizza that I've ever tried. Everything in the restaurant screams authentic (even the salt and pepper are from Italy). Must try if you're living in Vegas or just visiting!
5	Great pies!! Go there during happy hour and save a lot of money. The desserts are very good also.
4	Good thin pies. Good service. Torn booths, NO one should be seated there! I'll go back but I think it's extremely tacky. For any restaurant!
5	Slice of Heaven!Service was on mark!Most delicious pizza in Vegas!This is just a few quotes from local papers that describe what you get at Settebello. From Yelpers to friends, if you bring up great tasting pizza in Las Vegas, Settebello is what comes up. I'm almost embarrassed to admit that this was my first time to try Settebello's pizza.  Yes, I love food.  Yes, I Yelp.  And Yes, I enjoy a good pizza every now and then.  So, what has stopped me all these years is the opportunity to try Settebello.  Well, with $1 Margherita Pizza Night, I could not resist any longer.It's all about a great tasting Margherita Pizza for me.  And that's exactly what you get here at Settebello. I'm not a fan of a thick crusted, overly sauced, and high calorie pizza.  So, their Margherita is perfect.  What you get is a thin crusted, lightly sauced pizza with mozzarella, basil, parmigiano, and olive oil.  I had mushrooms and sausage added just for the extra boost of protein and flavor.  Their Margherita  is pretty close to what you expect in Naples.  Believe me, I know. Regarding price, the restaurant, and service, keep in mind that I ate here on $1 Margherita Pizza Night.  That means lines and a longer wait.  This wasn't a normal night so I'm not going to base my rating on their service.  The size of the restaurant was spacious with seating at the bar, booths, and their outside patio.  As for price, even though I only paid $1 for my pizza, their regular price for a pizza was about $10.  Not bad, not bad at all.  Overall, I love me some pizza and Settebello is not only as good as it gets, but also as authentic as it gets.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (027/366)
4	Great Happy Hour and really friendly service1st, a shout out for the bartender MADISON or was it MADISAN? She was GREAT and my wine glass was never empty, she was really helpful with my wife's food orders (my wife is a Vegan so thats not easy.) and she had no problem making suggestions (i like that)The food was all above average and tasted great from the happy hour menuThe only reason I gave it a 4 and not a 5 is because they have their own label for all the wines and i can't find them on the internet, I like tracking and saving wine info with Vivino appMy wrap up is: Service 100%, Food was AMAZING (I didn't like the Tiramisu that much)Wine selection, Very Good not huge, but I liked all the wines I tried (5 in all) Im not sure if the 5th wine was good or not, my Buzz was making everything seem good by then haha I will go back for sure
3	Great use of fresh ingredients but not filling. My husband and I did find it tasty but still prefer some other pizza joints to this. It's one of those places that after your meal you talk about picking up a snack or more food on the road on the way home. The service we got was ok. We were rushed in and out
5	If you're looking for great brick-over/wood-fire pizza, this is it!! Hands down one of the best in Vegas and beats Grimaldi's by far! So what makes their pizza the best brick-over/wood-fire? I'm going to guess its a combination of things including the light dough, fresh tomatoes sauce, and the special toppings like prosciutto ham. The dough and crust is unbelievably good. I noticed they don't use a lot of flour or corn meal under the crust like other pizza places which helps preserve the flavor of the dough. Today we ended up trying the Settebello & Bolognese pizza. The Settebello has a combination of items including ham, sausage, mushrooms, and mozzarella featuring their regular tomato sauce. The Bolognese has a rich creamier bolognese ragu sauce with fresh mozzarella. Both are equally epic! If you haven't tried this place yet and you love this style pizza, this place is a must!
5	We absolutely loved Settabello Pizza! We went in on valentines night it was very busy but they took very good care of us.
5	There was a lot of hype coming into this place for me. Their pizzas are brick oven and have a flaky crust. I enjoyed a beet salad for the first time and was also very impressed.  The best thing I had was the arugula wrapped in prosciutto. I definitely would get that again. Overall a great experience, however nobody will have my experience because I had a smoking hot date :)
2	I met a group here so the choice was not mine.  The menu was a little pricey for what you received.  I ordered one of the pizzas.  The waiter prefaced that "everyone should really get their own as they are personal size and not big enough for sharing".  Um, my friend wanted salad anyway, so no one to share with me, but for sharing it was 2-3 people worth anyway.  Except that this was the worst, flimsiest pizza I have ever had.  The so-called crust was thin and soggy and then the crust was burned black on purpose, which was too much.  So I ate one piece and brought home the leftovers to my husband who will eat anything.  He looked at me and said, this is the worst pizza ever without me even saying anything to him.  I will say though, awesome, attentive waiter.  Our drinks were never empty.  That is all I can say positive about this place.  Not returning.
5	I know I give too many restaurants a 5-star rating, but I would give Settebello six stars if I could. I went for lunch and it was not overly crowded. The appetizers were delicious and our pizzas came within 10-15 minutes of ordering them. The pizza itself makes me drool just thinking about it. Fresh mozzarella, the sauce is made of crushed tomatoes, and the seasoning was divine. I learned that authentic pizzas aren't cut, but I had mine cut anyways. The 12" pizzas are big enough to split with someone else if you get appetizers. I'll be going back again for sure.
5	Easily some of the best pizza we have ever had! An absolute must try for those who appreciate substance over quantity. If your a Numero Uno type, you might want to skip it.
4	As soon as we arrived to Vegas for a short weekend, we stopped first at the restaurant. There we had the white pizza without red sauce, that was a very good choice. The pizza is very light and delicious, we also had their salad. It's already a set thing that when we are in Vegas, we pay this place a visit. Check them out.
5	This place is amazing. It gets a good rating for a reason. All of their pizzas are wood fired in a brick oven, which always gets brownie points. The pizza gets it's own unique taste from the oven and you can taste the quality. The pizza: Every pizza is 12' regardless of what you order. The prices range from around 11 dollars up to 15ish and they not only have original marinara pizzas, but pesto and white as well. In fact, they have four white pizzas. They have other items on the menu as well, such as pasta, but really, who wants pasta when their pizza is so gosh darn amazing. As said before, it's wood fired in their own brick oven and is sicilian style. The crust comes out chewy as expected and really picks up the oven taste. I ordered an Emilia, which is one of their white pizzas and not only the sauce,, but the cheese and meat.were cooked to perfection. I will go back many times to taste more. Dessert: AMAZING. Almost All of their desserts are around the 5 dollar range. Their tarimasu was the best I've ever had. Usually you get an extremely small portion on it at restaurants, but not here. It is BAM in your face and huge. Oh, and delicious too. Pair it with espresso if you want to be in true heaven. Speaking of.Espresso: If you are a coffee lover, I suggest trying their espresso. It is extremely high quality. That about sums it up really.Service: This is also amazing. The waiters are friendly and professional. My drink (water) was never empty, but the staff didn't vug you TOO much. They were also more than happy to tell about the place and give recommendations to me, since it was my first time. The only flaw, really, is that it's TOO good. There can be a wait time on the weekends, but it's worth it. Sooooo worth it.
5	Love this place! Lunch with clients, or lunch with my husband. Has been excellent every time! Try the Settebello Special, it is the best. Fresh ingredients, great crust, and the flavor is amazing.
5	My favorite place to go for pizza!  I always order the same thing. ..the capricciosa.  My husband likes to go here for their gluten free crust (which you can order 24 hours in advance).  The service is always good here and I always leave with a full and happy tummy!
4	After trying Novecento, I knew I needed to try Settebello to determine if one was better than the other. I got margherita pizzas at both and I have to say I can't really pick one over the other. They both have fresh tasting ingredients and great crust. The things I do like better about Settebello is that they offer a happy hour menu, and I did prefer the salads here. I had the Romana salad which had Parmesan and goat cheese, artichoke hearts and prosciutto. Delicious! I'll probably keep going to both places, but if you prefer a nicer sit down restaurant with waiter service, this is the place for you.
5	I love this place!  Awesome pizza.
5	Note, this pizza is real Neapolitan style pizza. So you are getting a pizza that is not loaded with a ton of ingredients, rather fewer toppings and more simple, traditional, sauce and dough. The service is fast, food always good, and staff very friendly. The pizzas are cooking in a wood fire oven that gets over 900 degrees F. Takes approximately one minute to cook giving the pizza's a thin crispy on the outside chewy on the inside crust. Most of the ingredients are imported from Italy, and the cook moved from Italy to help the owner start the location, which was originally of horizon and valley view. If you like your pizzas with so much cheese and the sauce loaded with so many seasonings that it doesn't even taste like tomatoes then this is not the place for you. If you like authentic simple recipes and high quality ingredients, for an all in all reasonable price, then you will enjoy this restaurant.
1	Just ate there... Or at least I tried to. As soon as my dish came there was a really long brown hair cooked into my pizza. The waitress noticed and grabbed the plate. She told me she'd bring another pizza to me but instead I cancelled my order and the waitress disappeared. Gross! Would never recommend this place. I also wanted to mention my table was sticky. Obviously it hadn't been wiped clean. Anyhow, plenty of other reasons why I wouldn't dine here but I'm sure the hair is the biggest one of them all.
5	Awesome sauce, awesome cheese, awesome dough. Quite authentic to what I remember having in Italy though not as thin. I think it was around $12 for a pie. It takes 2 of them for me to consider myself "full".Tax and tip, you are at $30 a head on pizza (for me anyway)....but it's REAL good...will probably come back a couple times a year...will check out their location on Sahara in the SW of Vegas.
5	One of our favorite restaurants!We love the Caprese Salad, the fresh tomatoes and mozzarella are wonderful to start the meal with.I love the Diavola (spicy and so tasty), Capricciosa (savory with the veggies) pizzas, and the Misto (shaved meats, cheeses, olives, marinated zucchini and focaccia), could only be improved would be to added a few grapes and some sliced tart apple.Husband's favorites are the Settebello and the Margherita w/ Calabrese and mushrooms pizzas.It can be a bit busy and crowded but the staff tries to keep everything moving along as quick as they can.  Its not really a restaurant for kids but people seem to want to bring them here anyway. :-S
4	My husband loves pizza and had heard from a coworker that Settebello had excellent authentic pizzas. We went on a Friday night and it was busy! It was only about a 15 minute wait and they let us know our table was ready by sending a text to my phone. The restaurant is pretty big and has a nice bar set up. You can also sit outside which is nice. This is a great place for a large group. Today we got a booth which had a marble table top. They have really unique art all over the walls. The pizza is cooked in a wood oven and the crust is thinner and chewier then most crusts. It kinda reminded me of a whole wheat tortilla. Our waitress explained that the pizzas come in 12 inch personal size.She also explained that traditionally the pizzas are not cut into slices. (But they will if you ask.) We started with the Rucola Salad and the Focaccia bread. The salad was a bed of Arugula dressed with lemon juice and sea salt. It was ok. Nothing special. The Focaccia bread gave us a sample of the crust to come. I enjoyed dipping it in the nutty olive oil and tangy balsamic vinegar. For our pizzas I ordered the Emilia which had an alfrado sauce instead of the classic tomato sauce. They called it an Italian cream sauce. It also had prosciutto, basil, parmigiano, and mozzarella cheese. I loved the toppings. They all melted together so well. With all that cheese how could it ever be bad! My husband ordered the Pizza Carbonara which had crushed tomatoes, pancetta, egg, parmigiano, mozzarella cheese, and bits of basil. I liked Joel's, but I have to say I really enjoyed mine more. (He did as well. lol) That Italian cream sauce was so tasty! I would have loved a bowl of that sauce to dip my Focaccia bread in! (mental note that for next time!) Settebello is a great pizza place. Looks like it also would be a great place for happy hour. They have a full drink menu that I would love to come back and try. The staff was friendly and attentive which is a huge plus. My only gripe would be that it was waaaay hot in there. Like sweating so bad I needed a napkin hot! But other then that my experience was great. When I'm craving real pizza I'll sure be back here.
5	There's this amazing place that's small (according to me) and quaint. When you first walk in the door you can see the huge brick oven where the chefs are sliding things in and taking the goodness out. We got the Settebello and the Nutella pizza along with some fresh minty drinks that I've forgotten the name of. Everything was delicious as the hundreds if reviews already account for so stop reading and head on over!!
5	The best place in town!  The food is amazing, and the the team of workers are the finest!!I highly recommend Settebello  Pizzeria Napoletana to everyone who wants an enjoyable atmosphere with fun people and the best pizza and wine in town!
5	The waitstaff was so refreshingly different from your normal overly pleasant servers. Green was our waiter and everytime I ask him for a suggestion or recommendation he immediately answered, matter of factly with a menu choice. Almost my entire meal was what he recommend and the food was outstanding! The quality is exactly what anyone would hope for and the flavor combinations were absolutely delicious. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that's in the mood for delicious pizza. Trust me, go here!
4	I really love their pizzas! I especially love the Diavola and Settebello pizzas. I want to be honest here. Their pizza is like an orgasm in your mouth! I always get good service from their staff. I would also like to recommend the Tiramisu. The only reason that I didn't give it a full five stars, is because I just wished they had different sizes for the pizza instead of just one. I just want to have MAN-SERVINGS when it comes to food. Otherwise, please visit this establishment when you get a chance.
3	Ate at settebello last night for my second time. Good pizzas but too long of a wait and service was so so.  My pizza crust was partially burnt. Better experience last time.
5	Best pizza in town by far! I love the great quality of service and the perfect portion pizza
1	We went there enticed by a feature on them on Food Network spotlighting their Italian braised pork pizza.We were told that they only make it for Christmas.We then ordered a smallish, overpriced pizza that was limp and soggy.See ya!
4	There are several reasons why I was presently surprised with Settebello.  First and foremost the service was great! We sat outside on their charming patio, the atmosphere had an old-fashion Sicilian style which was very inviting.  Secondly, our food was awesome! My wife and I spilt the insalata grande (big & delicious salad) and the Settebello pizza. We loved the brick-oven style pizza with the thin crust plus the pine nuts, mushrooms, sausage, and tomatoes added so much favor.  We also took part in their happy hour: 2 for 1 Drinks starting at 3pm!
2	Good Pizza, but very over priced.Their claim to fame is they use New York water and flour from Italy. I did see the flour sacks, but honestly, it didn't make a difference.I had the waiter bring me their "best house" pizza. It was no different than any other family style pizza in town.  Luckily, it was my friend's treat, or I would have felt that I had been taken. I hate to admit it, but the $9.99 Costco extra large, with everything on it, is better. But if you are craving pizza and on a date, this place is a cut above California Pizza Kitchen, and they are nicer than Gramaldi's. I have had Pizza in New York and it did seem better, but honestly, doesn't food taste better when you're visiting?I still think Chicago has the best Pizza in the US.
5	If you have never had a REAL italian pizza, Settebello is the place! Fantastic pizza, great espresso with hazelnut ice cream, great service!
3	the only reason why i gave this place  3 stars is because the food is great,, service is super slow every time i seat at the bar..... love the nutella pizza
5	Pizza is amazing here! My favorites are the Quattro Fromagii or the Margherita DOC. They have a good wine list and great happy hour specials. Service is always great.
4	First time I've ever been disappointed. I gave four stars because the pizza as usual was amazing, and the Nutella desert pizza is always the best ending. The service tonight was HORRID though. I met my family there after I got off work. I sat down with them on the patio, and waited ten minutes before I even saw anyone come over. Our waitress was serving the bar and the patio, but both were dead. I watched her cleaning the bar the entire time I waited. Three people including our server came outside, and I was never once asked what I wanted to drink. She then came over to the table to set down our plates for dessert, said "oh, we added one more" and never came back. I still didn't have a drink, and had to ask the host when he came over with the dessert. We also had to ask him for refills because she never came back to the table. Needless to say, I was less than thrilled. I will be making sure to stay out of her section from now on.
2	My wife and I were here some months ago for pizza and salad apps.  Ordered beet salad with goat cheese and greens, which I had enjoyed before.  My wife ordered appetizer with tomato and basil.  My salad didn't have the goat cheese! Her's didn't have the basil! Waiter told me the goat cheese was mixed in the dressing and could not be seen, weak. We ordered pizza, one full hour later was told it had not been started yet!  We left. I think the poor service was due to the fact we did not order alcohol and we're taking a booth that could hold more people.  I guess if you want  good service and food made according to menu, drink up. Probably won't be back.
3	Our server was very nice but the food was mediocre. The insalata grande was delicious but I was disappointed with the pizza. The toppings were scarce and we ordered 3 different pizzas which tasted exactly the same. Although the dough was delicious it was very floppy that you couldn't really eat with your hands. There was really difference in flavor for the 3 pizzas we chose. It's an okay place but probably wouldn't recommend it. Nothing special.
2	Hmm... I'm not quite sure what this is supposed to be, but I guess the closest comparison is to a piece of soggy bread. The tiramisu was good, but a restaurant shouldn't take pride in its desserts being better than its signature product.
3	it wasn't all that spectacular as all the reviews suggested which is the reason why I went. had the pizza carbonara and it wasn't bad, but it was great. the egg made it very soggy in the middle. also ordered the beet salad and it was just whatevers and kinda pricey ($9). also had the tiramisu and like I said, it wasn't bad but wasn't great either. the place was clean and staff was friendly. I just didn't see what all the 5 star rating was about. maybe I didn't order the right thing? if you go here you won't regret that you went, however there are other places that are comparable as well.
1	The pizza isn't anything to write home about. Just as many people have mentioned, the dough is thin. It gets increasingly soggy as you eat, which is weird since the toppings are so sparse. Our server, Justin, is friendly, but not attentive whatsoever. We were so anxious to pay, and leave. Such a disappointing experience.
1	The deterioration of this location continues unabated. We have frequented this location for years..Now, it isn't even a shadow of its former self. The waitstaff is unprofessional, unattentive, uncaring and uninvolved..The pizzas are tasteless and undercooked..The a/c is lousy. The place has become dreary and unclean looking. The floors need refinishing. Is there actually a manager overseeing this debacle ?Do not bother spending a dollar in this abysmal failure.
5	Excellent food and the waiter Gordon made the best recommendations!!  The pizza crust was just amazing!!!
5	What a great place! Friendly servers,  amazing pizza, great wine selection! Cory, Maddy, Adrian and Ryan are amoung my favorites.There is always a new pizza to try.I love the bright fun atmosphere and wonderful food!
3	Excellent pizza. The best. Had antipasto.  Was great. Prices somewhat ok. But service sucks. Needs new management to control the staff.  Very disappointed on staff but pizza greattt
4	LOVE the pizza.....fresh ingredients, Neopolitan crust (like in Naples!) and they sold me a 50# bag of 00 flour so I can make it at home.  Super nice people and good service. So glad they opened a location closer to us.
5	I'm from the east coast and have high expectations for my pizza. This place reminds me of home! Excellent!
3	This place has good pizza! I believe their claim to fame is they use New York water and flour from Italy.I have eaten here a few times.... and I would recommend the caprese salad and the margherita pizza! and for dessert.... you have to have a cannoli!The staff is friendly, but not always attentive.
5	Took a friend with us today who's not eaten here before and she called the salad and the pizza orgasmic. We had the Insalada grande which has roasted mushrooms, artichokes and the best olives in a fantastic mix of greens and an arugula salad which has a lemony dressing which is simply amazing.  We all three had our own pizzas, one Setebello for the meat eater and a Quatro Formaggio with buffalo mozzarella instead of the Gorgonzola which in my opinion overwhelms the other three cheeses. All I can say is this is killer pizza, the best in the Vegas area. Waitstaff is awesome and attentive and always a wonderful experience here, never fails to impress!
5	"peet-suh" / "peetsa" / "peedtza" / "pittsa"However you say it, this is one of the best of its kind throughout the valley!!  Situated at The District in Green Valley Ranch, this location is quite big with plenty of seating either the inside dining room or the outdoor patio that can accommodate even a fairly large group.  There's also a nice bar setup with flat screen TVs, making the restaurant a great place to watch any sporting event.Being Napoletana, the pizza is cooked for about a minute in a wood-burning oven.  This isn't your typical NY style pizza where it can be picked up and folded in half.  Instead, the use of cutleries is advised while eating this pizza since the crust is thin and soft which doesn't hold up especially if you stock up on toppings.Out of multiple visits, everything I've had from this place so far has been really good.  I usually like to start with Panzanella or Involtini di Prosciutto.  As far as their pizzas, I prefer the ones with crushed tomatoes: classic Margherita (mozzarella, basil, Parmigiano Regiano), the Carbonara (pancetta, egg, mozzarella) and the Settebello (pancetta, wood oven sausage, roasted mushrooms, toasted pine nuts, mozzarella, basil).  Fresh ingredients, bold flavors and great topping combinations.  I normally have the 12 inch pizza to myself which doesn't leave any room for dessert.  If you can, however, go for their dessert pizza (sliced bananas, drizzle of Nutella and dusted with powdered sugar).Overall, Settebello Pizzeria Napoletana is definitely one of the best pizza joints in Las Vegas.  Delicious food, pleasant ambiance and excellent service.  I will definitely be coming back.
4	OMG! Fabulous tasting pizza crust.  I mean it was truly a memorable experience eating here.  Between four of us, we had the Misto, and we tried four different pizza (ended up taking 1.5 home).  All good, with the exception of the Margherita, which was a bit on the soggy side.  I enjoyed it so much, I will go just for the Misto--A Sampling of Italian Style Meats, Vegetables and a Bite of Cheese. Served with Focaccia!!  My only reason for JUST 4 stars was the 'tiny bit soggy'  Margherita pizza.
1	I do not get the love for this place.   We had to go have another dinner later the night we went here because we hated this place so much.  First of all, it's pretty expensive.  Second, the pizza was so thin and soggy it was awful.  I will never be back here.
4	Pretty good pizza and quick!  We ordered 2 pies and they were out within 5 minutes.  They use a super hot oven that chars the pizza up perfectly.  They have many offerings and the dessert is great too.
4	First off, AMAZING salad. It had artichoke hearts, goat cheese, pine nuts, arugula, and a delicious balsamic. I could eat that everyday. The pizza was great! Our only complaint is that we've been twice and even though we asked for well done the second time, the center of the pizza was soggy. The crust is delicious and the sauce creates a flavor explosion... So there has to be a way to keep the pizza napolentana style on the soft style without getting a soggy center. I still loved it, just can't do take out or leftovers because you would open up a really soggy mess if you tried to eat it on the second day. We will definitely be back time and time again.
5	Let me start by saying I'm a vegetarian....but not tonight (don't judge me). Seriously the misto, the cheese, the pizza the service all absolutly stunning! It was a special night tonight and I wanted to try something new. Thanks to yelp I stumbled across settebelos. Being Italian and having a special nack for cooking it myself I'm always Leary when it comes to Italian restaurants but I gave it a try. When we walked in we were immediately greeted with a smile and a hello. We sat down, the server Justin was awesome. He explained the menu and we started with the misto. Incredibly tasty. The parm,  zucchini and the meats brought me right back to my Childhood. We went for the settebelo pizza and the Bianca pizza. I was born and raised in Vegas and let me just say we needed pizza like this. I havent left a Restaurant this happy in a long time. Thanks to the excellent ser vice and amazing food they have truly made a Special night memorable.
5	I have been on a gluten free diet for a few years now. It makes it difficult to get great pizza. However in Las Vegas I am lucky to have more than a handful of choices. Many places buy the gluten free crust from a supplier, this is not the case at Settebello. It used to be that you would need to call 24 hours in advance to get their gluten free pizzas, but that policy changed about 2 months ago, so you can now get it anytime. Everyone in our party enjoyed our pizzas and appetizers and the service was excellent. I believe them that the crust was made in house and cooked very quickly and very hot. It was by far the best gluten-free crust I've ever had anywhere in the U.S. I had mine with Buffalo Mozzarella and it was great! I will be back to try more.
1	To make things simple the pizzas were under cooked, over priced,& over rated. On the 4 cheese pizza which i ordered the cheeses were not evenly distributed on the pizza, each slice had different cheese flavors and was lacking cheese in total. The crust was mushy & soft.
5	Always amazing.  The Diavola pizza with chili oil added is *kisses fingertips* deliziosa, and the Bianca (arugula, prosciutto, parmigiano Reggiano) is delightful.  The Nutella pizza with strawberry is uh-mazing.  UH-MAZING.
5	Margherita Doc pizza was DELICIOUS, some of the best I've had, and we had GREAT service!!! Our waitress Natalia was fantastic and very informative...great first time experience :)
5	This is my family's favorite pizza joint, hands down. The service has always been amazing, the atmosphere is comfortable, and the food-delicious. The pizza and the cappuccino are just like everything I've ever had overseas. Now if they would deliver to my house, I would be in Heaven. And fat.
3	We were very excited to try this establishment. It is very pretty inside but a bit too warm. The cheese plate with focaccia was excellent. The wine reasonably priced but slow to get to the table. The pizza seemed undercooked. I could not even pick my piece up. My husband had to go through 3 sets of utensil to get a set that was clean. Our pizza did not come out together, my husbands pizza came out first. The staff was unaware and in attentive. the sun was shining into my husbands eyes. We had to ask the shade to be lowered.  We ended the evening with tiramisu which was also very good.
5	Super cute restaurant, friendly staff, and great pricing! Just had the diavolo, recommended by Cory at the bar, and it was delicious. Definitely a place to try if you haven't.
5	GREAT PIZZA. The price was good for the size of pizza they brought out. I had never heard of egg on pizza before and was a little hesitant to try it, but it was delish. The place has good service. The pizzas came out within 10-15 minutes which was reasonable considering how good the pizza was. I'm definitely bringing my family the next time I come here.
1	Worst experience by far ! We have been coming to settebello for years and today was a disgrace , our appetizer didn't come out until our pizza , then I found a BUG crawling in my pizza and the waiters response was "well I can assure you it didn't go in the oven that way " well you got that one right ! How was that any type of response ? It's a joke then my boyfriends parents pizza came out they are kosher and specifically asked for no meat and yet there was meat on the pizza! We  sent it  back and we waited once again . And our waitress was never to be found ever word of advice settebello train your employees and chefs the correct way to avoid disgusting mistakes and rookie mistakes as a restaurant . HUGE disappointment sad to say we will never be back .
5	Lived in Vegas almost 9 years and this is by far my favorite pizza place. If you have ever been to Italy, this is authentic Napolitano pizza. Everything is fantastic! Including every dessert on the menu.
2	I loved the misto platter and the magheritta pizza. The only complaint was that the service was very slow and for the reputation, prices and the lack of customers that they had in the restaurant. They didn't even come over and apologize for the wait. I had to tell the server twice that we were on lunch and we would eat the misto and to box the pizza. It took forty-five minutes to cook a pizza that , it being wood fired, should have taken les than ten. They then served it to us, not boxed up. I had to wait another ten minutes for the server to bring us a box, while they stood around and chit-chatted with each other, and then we had to box it ourselves. There were three servers and five tables, not acceptable. I would return but if I get crap service in the same setting, I will definitely  complain to management. I used to wait tables and if you expect a decent tip, you need to make sure you satisfy your customers. After she brought is the bill, I actually stood up and went to the bar to pay, the bartender then told me the server would cash me out. I stood in front of our table and watched my server laugh with the hostess for five minutes before I walked over and gave her a bill with a two dollar tip. God forgive me for not tipping at least 20% , but she didn't deserve the two dollars I gave her.
5	Right of the bat, the server was friendly and outgoing.  We ordered a glass of wine, caprese,  and the calzone of week. We did a slight modification to the calzone and the server was happy to do it. The pizza was delicious. We would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
3	Service here is always friendly and charismatic. Since their products are imported from Italy, the pizza definitely tastes authentic. The pizza itself is really thin so even though it has a sizable diameter, I can eat the whole thing. For my tennis playing brothers, a whole pizza is not quite filling for them, however. I was a little disappointed the last time I went because there was a lingering burnt taste in every bite. Normally, the dough is amazing and the delicious cheese and tomato sauce is hard to beat. So we hope for improvement the next time around.
5	I love this pizza. I'm from a pizza city, and in my opinion there are too many crappy pizza places in the valley. This is traditional European pizza just like what you get in France and Italy. I love the simple tomato sauce, and the fresh topping. Absolutely delicious.
1	I was super excited to try this place out after hearing how a couple of my friends loved it so much.  I was so disappointed.  My pizza was so soggy that I couldn't even pick it up, and ended up eating it with a fork.  Also, not much cheese on it at all, just five or six small blobs here and there.  When I eat pizza I want cheese in every bite, and I don't want my bottom crust to be under cooked and soggy.  I guess this type of pizza is just not for me, I'll stick to my traditional pizzeria pizza.
3	Second time at this place. We really liked the pizza, but the service is not the best. The server was very slow and seem careless. The pizza took to long, but it was good. I have mixed feelings about this place, not sure if we will go back. Oh, and like other reviewers mentioned, its too hot in there.
5	We are new to the area, and have heard from multiple services this is THE place for pizza in Henderson. We were not disappointed.My father was in F&B his whole life.  He always said, "The best restaurants specialize in two/three dishes and that is what they do."  So we walk in, read the menu, and it is cocktails/beer/wine...pizza...and salads.  Taa daaa.  The ambiance is excellent, the lighting perfect and the vibe is great.  Service is very good.We ordered a salad, drinks, wine and a salad. Nothing disappointed.  Margarita DOC was just like you would have in Napoli, Italia.  Very good, actually excellent.  The salad was wonderful, too.Wine list is very good, by the glass, and very, very reasonable in pricing.  The only "OK," and not excellent dish was dessert.  We ordered Torta de la Nona, which is one of my favorite things to order on the sweet side in Italy.  It was good, but not excellent.  It just wasn't "lemony" enough.  But the Lavazza espresso was excellent.Again, great menu, great food, excellent flavors and wonderful service.  I'll be back -- again, and again.UPDATE:  We were there again this weekend. Fabulous, again. Love this place.
1	Was just in there, solo, to chill out, eat some pizza, drink some wine and hang out. Random drunk dude (at 8:30pm) approaches me and asks me if I want a shot of Jack (no). Proceeds to harass me about my haircut and ask me if I know his homeless buddy who, also, is from Seattle. Then he asks me if I have a problem with him? Pizza to go please!I called the bartender after I left and told him he had a problem on his hands with that guy and he seemed receptive but, honestly, he should have sniffed that problem out right away.Shit shouldn't get that weird in a place like that. There were families in there and I'm sure they weren't looking for a guy like that around them. Full disclosure; I like to party and I do like to drink and be inappropriate... a lot. Just not in someplace like that. Ain't nobody got time for that when there are kids around.Pizza was OK out of a box at home. Drank a beer and jumped in the pool.
5	Second time for me. Overall great experience, quality place! Prices seem reasonable. Seated almost immediately. Fairly busy for a Friday...and that means the food is good. Our server Whitnee was very pleasant. Also she was very happy to help with recommendations and made sure everything tasted good. We started with the Insalata Grande. Very fresh ingredients, you know immediately when you taste it. Very light in dressing, which kept it light and balanced; you can taste the raw ingredients. We got three pizzas. All were very good. I had the Diavola, good I'm taste and quality. I was warned of the spicy meat on it and it was spicy! But it was pretty good. Only bad thing of my experience was I had to ask to have another water after completely drinking mine. Tiramisu for dessert, very well done. I shall return!
5	Oh so delicious!!Our friends brought us here and I'm so thankful! The service here was on point! Our waiter was so informative and helpful.  Drinks didn't go empty and he did it all with a smile! Awesome!Now for the food - with my 5 star review you should guess how much we loved it.  The Quattro Formaggi pizza was wonderful topped with fontina, Gorgonzola, mozzarella and parmigiano reggiano.  We also tried the basil pesto pizza topped with strips of pancetta.  This was my favorite! The perfect balance of toppings gave this pizza top prize! It's easy to fall in love with this pizza place.  This girl sure did!
5	Probably the closest to Neapolitan Pizza you're going to get outside of Italy! I'm a huge fan of Buffalo Mozzarella (creamier, softer, and sweeter than than cheese from normal cows), which they have here (The Margherita DOC). You'll never go back from buffalo mozzarella -- go the extra mile. You'll never (and should never) go anywhere else for pizza in the Valley.
5	This place is so delicious! I've gone here many times. The tomato sauce on the pizza is so sweet and like nothing I've ever had before. It reminds me of eating pizza in Italy. They have a good happy hour but the wait staff doesn't seem to know much about it. I think it's small pizza's for $5 and half off all drinks. Last time I went they only told me about the drinks when I asked and then I did some research and called and found out about the small pizzas. That's a great deal. They should push that more. Anyway I love this place and you will too, so just go! Ok? Ok.
4	I love the food here. Nice change from chain pizza. Great atmosphere and service also
3	Taste, yummy. Quality ingredients, fast and friendly service. But, the price to size ratio wasn't anywhere near where it should be in my opinion. It's a little $14 pizza that I could devour by myself in just a few minutes.So, if you like fancy, small pizzas then this place is for you. If you have a man sized appetite I'd suggest finding somewhere else to go for your pizza fix.
5	The sauce on the pizza makes this pizza place stand out. The ingredients are fresh and delicious.
5	My husbands and I favorite place for lunch hands down. Pizza is delicious:) . They have a great selection of beers and wine. We also enjoy there salad our fav is the romana salad with the pine nuts and goat cheese yum !!
4	The pizza is great but I hate how fast it gets cold..... My girl loves it!
4	The place was quite nice for a small little restaurant. I took the CEO of the company I work for as well as a field tech. It was nice, clean, not loud and obnoxious and the pizzas were delicious! I recommend the Beet salad, yum.
5	Great fresh flavors. Very nice pizza. Great ingredients. Only warning would be you can finish a pizza by yourself. Im not sure if they have a bigger pizza as we just got the pizza with extra sauce and cheese. There was no option for small med large.  Great for a date but not necessarily for a party. love the flavors and the simplicity of the tomato sauce.
5	Love this place! Delicious pizza. And i am very picky about my pizza. Lovely server. Clean atmosphere. Also good for take out service!
3	This is tough one... I ordered the margarita pizza. The pizza is cooked perfectly. Not burnt, the sauce is very tasty, the dough and other ingredients fresh. However, there is a very strong and distinct smokey wood after taste on the pizza. I'm wondering if it is because we are here right when they opened and maybe the ovens are still smokey. Bottom line I don't like that smokey taste on any thing let alone my pizza. Because of this, unfortunately I have to rate this pizza a 3 stars. Btw the service was good, we did not wait long either so this review is based strictly on my dislike for smokey tasting food. My girlfriends loved her pizza smoke and all! For an Italian New Yorker this just not my preferred pizza sorry!
5	Best pizza restaurant in green valley. I wish they offered delivery but for pizza this good we can pick up! They don't have pepperoni but they have something very similar just ask. All pizzas are 12" so get 2 for 3-4 people. For myself and 2 kids we usually get 2 and have a little left over. Highly recommend this place!
4	Best pizza in LV? Maybe, I am still a big fan of Grimaldis. The pizza is more Italian-Napoletana style. Very saucy and the crust is one of the best you'll ever eat. The cheese is fresh and sauce is probably the best pizza sauce ever. The saucyness of the pizza can be a turn off to some folks. I really don't think that Napoletana pizza works with topping on top. I highly recommend that you order Margherita pizza, especially the one with Buffalo Mozzarella. I also tried the Caprese salad for an appetizer. It was delicious. The quality of mozzarella is excellent and favlorfull. During weekdays they have drink specials from 3-6. Its B1G1.
4	The pizza is SO tasty!! The dough is almost like an Indian naan. We ordered the Settebello for the namesake. Good taste with the sausage and mushrooms and fresh tomato sauce. The pine nuts add a little crunch which you don't come across too often on pizzas but is a great addition.We also had the Diavolo which is also nice! The peppered salami is under the cheese and has a small kick that surprises you when you bite into it a piece of pizza. The fresh basil and peppers are a lovely addition.We still prefer the Settebello pizza. The restaurant gets 4 stars only because it teeters between being too pretentious and not and when we visit we don't know which side we will walk into.
4	Best Pizza in Henderson.. And fast! A bit pricey but worth it. Just  don't expect cheese with pepperoni,
4	Another fabulous dinner at Settebello. Decided to get it to go this time as it was Sunday and football was on. Started off with the Involtini di Prosciutto. Delicious!! Thin slices of prosciutto wrapped around arugula with fresh slices of shaved Parmesan and a drizzle of a balsamic vinegar sauce.  Instead of getting the "settebello" (my favorite), I decided to try the Capricciosa. I thought it was really good, my only complaint was the large pieces of artichoke hears. I wish they were a little smaller. The pizza was excellent otherwise and still hot when I got home. I love the Napoli style thin crust pizza here which is cooked very quickly in the brick oven. Yes, its a little pricey but for me definitely worth it!
4	I from ca here visiting  my son in Henderson and they wanted pizza so we found this place and the pizza was great we had the Daviola and it was very good the only draw back was it could of used more cheese but it was enjoyable.  I would recommend to friends.
5	This is as good as it gets for me when it comes to Neapolitan Pizza. Nothing is left to chance, from the ingredients to the processing and cooking to the type of wood that is used to fire up the oven, it's all just perfect.Not a very extensive menu, but then again no place that makes amazing pizza will have a hundred appetizers to choose from, you should come in for the pizza.From the menu I recommend to get the Margherita DOC, tastes just like in Italy, but I'll give a second choice: Carbonara Pizza, I hardly ever get anything else here.Next to it a cold Peroni or Moretti and that's all you'll ever need.Mangia Mangia Mangia !!!!!!!!!!
5	If you know me personally, you know that I'm a die hard deep dish pizza kinda woman. So why on earth would I even agree to dine at a flat bread, thinly sliced pizza spot? Well, I'm a natural born foodie, so...no judgment and my theme is "Bring on new experiences with food anytime, anywhere!"The bf and I were in town for a wedding so of course during our down time we wanna explore what Henderson has to offer when it comes to food and culture. I honestly wasn't even hungry at the time we showed up since we literally had breakfast 2 hours before but this is the kinda schedule you gotta be on if you're dating a FOODIE bodybuilder. :PWe ordered the Vico Pizza Pie which had Wood Oven Sausage, Sauteed Fennel, Red Onions, Mascarpone, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil. All those ingredients sound amazeballs, don't they? Well, they sure were!One thing that was off though was that our waitress told us that they serve their pizza Napoli style which means we have to cut into our pizza with our own knives and forks and that they do pre-cut pizzas at the customer's request but it's not standard. Our pizza...came out cut for us? WTF. We're all about authenticity and we were looking forward to cutting into the pizza and into the soft "wet" center ourselves. Oh well, I'm not going to knock down a star just for that. The pizza was seriously amazing (mascarpone and mozzarella me anytime baby) and I'd totally come back here to try some of their other pizzas or specials they have. :)
4	My girlfriend and I were directed here by her Italian professor. Having lived most of her life in Italy, she said that Settebello offers the most authentic Italian cuisine in Henderson and Las Vegas. I am sure a few establishments on the Boulevard would protest, but based on flavor alone, I would have to agree. I grew up visiting the Italian restaurants along Federal Hill in Providence, and unless you are in New York, you probably cannot find more authentic Italian dishes in America. Unlike those opulent Italian eateries of my youth, Settebello is simple. Tasteful country, dark wood tables in an upscale, modern open dinning area match the menu's simplicity - pizza, appetizers (antipasto and salad), and dessert. In a way this reminds me of classic American diners, where In-N-Out draws its inspiration from. A few dedicated items, carefully prepared, creates a tastier, and in this case more authentic dish. Any pizzaria west of the Mississippi is traditionally met with skepticism, but Settebello returns me home to the streets of Federal hill, thin crust, warm, authentic mozzarella, and refreshing tomato sauce. When visiting Settebello you will feel at home in casual attire or business casual dress. The service is prompt, and for an open dinning area, the atmosphere is surprisingly quiet. My girlfriend and I were on our way to a film, and the pacing was perfectly comfortable as well as timely.
5	I had always passed this little cute pizzeria place when I would head to whole foods. This place is great! I had traveled to Italy in July 2013 and we stayed in Rome. The first thing that I wanted to try was the pizza and pasta of course! It was just divine. The Italians use fresh ingredients and the brick oven was the key!Settebello brought me back to Italy. I was a little skeptic because I really wanted some good pizza. My brother and a friend accompanied me on my birthday. We got our drinks right away when we were seated which is a plus for me. The waiter gave us a little more time to look at the menu because it was my first time. It was fun trying to pronounce the words but the had things that I recognized like the caprese or the cheese platter, and the meat platter which I must go back for. We settled for the carbonara pizza and the settebello. I loved that you could see the brick oven and let me tell you, when a pizza is made in a brick oven you won't be able to eat regular pizza again! The food came out and we dug in right away. The ingredients were so fresh, you could taste the basil and the herbs that were on the settebello, the yummy sausage and the mushrooms. The cheese and sauce just looked so authentic. The way they scrambled the egg on the carbonara was perfect, the flavors were bold and tasty. I really recommend anyone looking for a place to try authentic Italian pizza to try this place!
3	We have been coming here  for years and I check in most times (obviously). I love this place and my kid loves this place. I like some of the new menu items and changes over the years. Couple of things that kept me and my daughter from giving 5 starsBring back the Italian craft beers. Bring back the chocolate syrup to make chocolate milk. Please and thank you.
5	Well, we just stopped by again for our usual first lunch in Las Vegas, or should I say Henderson. Settebello has always treated  us well over the years. The quality of the pizza is consistent and always varied as they usually have some specials on offer. Today I ordered the vico, which comes with roasted fennel, sausage, red onions, mascarpone, mozzarella, basil and olio. Not you're traditional American pie at all, but flavorful and delicious.The wife chose the margherita DOC, which comes with the real deal mozzarella di bufala. Again her pizza was delicious with just the perfect chewy crust and balanced with the light tomato sauce. I was all caffeined out, but the wife got an espresso. Their coffee and espresso is also the real deal, if you need a pick me up.The service is usually great, but it can get hectic if they are slammed. Usually the pizza comes out quick due to the thousand degree wood oven, so they are pretty efficient. Like I said, Settebello is a pretty standard place to visit whenever we are in Las Vegas, so we will be back again and again.
5	The flavors just dance around on you palette. Like the just picked the tomatoes this morning. I am a huge Grimaldi's fan and this is like the grown up more refined version. This is a must try spot for the pizza Connoisseur..
4	Fortunately discovered a place serving delicious gluten-free pizza. Mine had prosciutto, artichokes, olives, etc on it. Glass of red wine, okay. Friend had regular pizza and bottled beer. We shared a psalm that had a delicious dressing on it. Why not 5 star? If there were cloth napkins, warmer air temperature in the place, some draft beers and better wine for the price....then I would jump it to 5....but 4 was good and I will be back!
5	So the place is nice and clean. Great menu with lots of variety and healthy choices. I orders the beet salad and a pepperoni pizza for my son.
5	If you want to go to Italy without flying, here you go! They even import the flour and are certified by the highly selective Nepolese pizza authority. This is real. This is not an American pizza. You want Dominos, probably not your place!Love it!  Try the ice cream too! Cinnamon, yum!
3	Just went here for the first time for dinner with the girls after a long Monday. The good points are the decor inside, the flavors and the wine. The staff are pleasant, but some of them could make a little more effort in my opinion (although I will say service is extremely quick).I also have to agree with another review I read - the pizzas are a little undercooked in the middle and therefore a tiny bit soggy and I personally prefer a more crispy base.Overall I do like the ambience but think the food could be improved slightly.
5	Love the pizza here!! Super fresh and authentic.  The atmosphere is also very modern yet quaint.  Delicious!  Delicious!  Delicious!  Gourmet pizza.
5	I first tried this pizza joint in Salt Lake City and I feel in love. It is fresh and authentic. The employees at the henderson location are friendly and quick to serve. Each time I have been here, they have not been very busy. I have gotten the diavola pizza. It's a little a spicy with red peppers. So good! Otherwise I had a margharita pizza and it was classic and delicious. I highly recommend going here if you want some delicious and authentic Italian pizza cooked in a brick oven.
5	This is my favorite pizza place. Ryan the server is very attentive and friendly. Highly recommend this place
5	Fantastic pizza, excellent crust. Super authentic. Relaxing atmosphere. Regular date night spot. Try the pannacotta !
5	Natalia was great.She is the restaurant manager and there was a problem with the ordering of the kids meals. We we're told the kids meals were drink, pizza and desert. When the waitress came back after we ate  she said sorry there is no more left for desert. She said sorry nothing we can do. But then Natalia came to the table and took care of the kids meals and said sorry for the inconvenience. I would of never gone back to there if it wasn't for Vanessa the waitress and natalia doing what they did and taking care of us. Food was awesome also.
5	Waited a while to try this place out because it's out of the way for me.  Finally had the chance to try this place out.  I wish I came sooner!  Their moscato was one of the better ones I've had.  I ordered the Settebello pizza and it was absolutely delicious!  Service was very attentive as well.
5	Love this pizza! No matter where you are from, NY, Chicago, or wherever else has pizza, come try THiS pizza all the way from Naples Italy. Well worth it.
5	This place is amazing, amazing, amazing! Every time I go to Vegas we have to visit. I went to high school in Naples, Italy and the pizza is just like home. I get together with my high school friends here and we have a great time and it takes us back to those days!  I normally go with the Margherita pizza and get a caprese salad, you can't go wrong.
4	Settebello is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in LV.  The staff is warm and welcoming and the pizzas are spectacular.  I recommend the Quattro formaggi and the carbonata.  I would have given them 5 stars, but they recently changed the mozzarella they were using on the  caprese salad and on the pizza.  The old mozzarella was absolutely perfection and it was a huge disappointment when they changed brands.  When they change back,  I will immediately change to a 5*!
4	Fantastic, see my review for the Sahara location below.The biggest difference between this location and the one on Sahara is that this one has some pretty amazing gelato. The Dream Bomba is amazing (chocolate-covered peanut butter gelato, wrapped around a caramel core). And I always like to finish my meals here with a lovely affogato (a scoop of vanilla gelato, topped with freshly brewed espresso) - divine.http://www.yelp.com/biz/settebello-pizzeria-napoletana-las-vegas?hrid=P1cKU1NcOs1WOHb5vka5xA
5	GREAT food for a reasonable price!!! Love this place. Highly recommend the "Settabello" pizza!
4	Excellent pizza, very slow service.Came here with my boyfriend and my parents for a late lunch. The total meal ended up taking almost 2 hours. The food was excellent; however, waiting so long for our meal was painful. Here's the breakdown:Service: Our server was super nice; however, there seemed to be some kitchen issues. As I said above, it took almost 2 hours to get 3 pizzas, which is not acceptable, especially when the place wasn't busy at all. Food: TASTY! The food quality and flavor is what earned this place 4 stars. We ordered:2 Settebellos- Amazing! Fresh ingredients and perfect thin crust. 1 Capricciosa- Delicious! I couldn't stop eating it. Every toping was fresh and of high quality. The dough was great. Thin and cooked perfectly. Softer in the center, but crispy on the crust. The sauce was delicate and complimented the toppings' flavors nicely.  1 Kid's Margherita with added prosciutto- my mom loved this! She ate all of it and she usually never finished anything. She kept raving about the favors even after we got home. 1 Rucola- Loved the dressing! 1 Beet Salad- I really enjoyed this, but it's a very different salad. The warm goat cheese was very good and so were the beets. You have to really like beets to enjoy this salad. Atmosphere: Nice. Nothing special and much more on the casual side. Prices: Great. I would actually pay a lot more than what they charge because the quality and flavor of the pizza is so excellent.Overall, I will be back, but not when I'm in a hurry! Fantastic pizza and good salads. If you're in the mood for pizza and you like thin crust come here, you won't be disappointed.
5	Truly amazing.  I dream of the Diavolo....  And the rucola salad is such a simple and beautiful salad.  I've been coming here since it opened and maybe I'm just partial to the original but something about it just tastes better than the SUMMERLIN location.
4	Report card grade: Exceeds ExpectationsI am impressed. We were in Las Vegas for a night and were starvin' marvin for some dinner on a Sunday night. We asked the Trader Joes checkout lady where we should go. She said "the pizza place on the corner of the Whole Foods shopping plaza." So off we went in search of pizza. The front door displays several restaurant recognition stickers (Michelin, Zagat, Trip Advisor, etc.). We arrived and were greeted with a friendly staff. The menu is appetizers, salads, and pizza. No mas. We ordered a salad and pizza. Let me break it down for you. Salad: Involtini di Prosciutto- Ingredients: Prosciutto Crudo Wrapped Around Baby Arugula and Goat Cheese. Topped With Goat Cheese, Shaved Parmigiano-Reggiano, Balsamic Reduction and Extra Virgin Olive Oil- Review: Had 4 slices of delicious, thinly sliced smoked proscuitto that really enhanced the salad. Balsamic reduction added a nice touch to the already flavorful lemon based oil dressing.Pizza: Settebello- Ingredients: Crushed Tomatoes, Pancetta, Wood Oven Sausage, Roasted Mushrooms, Toasted Pine Nuts, Mozzarella, Basil, Extra Virgin Olive Oil- Review: Pancetta was thick and fatty. Yum. Fresh tomato sauce. Good combination of fresh flavors. Got my fix of pork balanced with fresh ingredients. My stomach was full and happy.
4	This pizza is truly napolitan style. It was awesome. Good people. Great food.
4	Delicious. Their ensalada grande is still on of my favorites, with mushrooms, pine nuts and artichokes. My friend and I both had a Californian Nebbiolo, which was tasty and in hindsight, we should have split a bottle, but the server didn't recommend it and we didn't think of it. Service was nice, not overbearing but attentive. I had the diavala, which was super yummy and my friend, the Bianca with prosciutto and arugula. Both were tasty, but I felt were missing something.... Something spicy, perhaps, more than just dry chili flakes.
