1	This place is Douchebag Central.I will never go to this place ever again.  I arrived 10 minutes later than my party of 8 (mostly attractive women) which was already inside.  Right from the start the new door-douche (from Florida) was giving me problems with my wardrobe.  Apparently all guests must dress the same to get in.  Although I was dressed for a night out at the clubs, in $600 pants and a custom collared shirt, the door-douche would not let me in. Here is the kicker, he flat out said to me "DO YOU MAYBE HAVE A TRENDY SHIRT? LIKE AN ED HARDY OR AFFLICTION?"HAHAHAHAHAHe preferred that I pull my entire party out of the place, and leave because I was not wearing a "TRENDY SHIRT".  Oh but then they let in 3 guys dressed in shorts, flip flops and Ed Hardy shirts while discussing their dress code with me (which is not posted anywhere).Thats when I called my party and told em we were leaving.  My party of 8 left, went directly downstairs to YARDHOUSE and had an awesome night free of Douchebaggery.   Then off to 3 other Hot spots like Body English, all of which felt my wardorbe was fine.If Heading to Blue Fartini, do yourself a favor and skip it, and go downstairs to Yard House.  over 200 beers on tap, great food and Atmosphere  - ZERO DOUCHEBAGGERY!!!
5	With the hundreds of people in Blue Martini Saturday night I'm surprised there aren't much of any real reviews, so here is my best effort. Over the past two weeks the name kept on coming up, this is the place to hang in Las Vegas. Situated in the middle of the district upstairs overlooking all the shops with its indoor/outdoor setup and girl to guy perfect ratio (60girl/40guy) you will be bound to have a great time. The place is huge, bars setup everywhere, live music playing, food served quickly and drinks of only top shelf live here. Their lobster tacos came highly recommended so we ordered one of those (18.00) and their sashimi salad (12.00), perfect... Still a little hungry we ordered their artichoke spinach dip which we both agreed their pita chips should have been soft bread or just normal chips as the pita chips were rock hard intentionally of course...The crowd was truly mixed, so many people of all different ages, backgrounds and types. Anyone can feel comfortable here and when we went Saturday night we had no issues getting in, (they do check ids) and no issues with clothing (jean, red shirt, coat) and non-dress shoes. Now there are a lot of people dressed up, but saw no sign of them keeping people out or giving a hard time over dresscode. No gaming, great food, great drinks, good music, and fun crowd.
2	ALTHOUGH b.m. has created a beautiful room and probably a welcome local alternative to all of the clubs on the strip if you're into that sorta scene, it still is as far from cool as can be.Talk about a sausage fest!  I was hit on by at least a dozen butt-faced boneheads in the 45 minutes I was able to stomach this place.  Butt-faced in this case refers to both the people and their condition.If you're into (to borrow from a previous reviewer) douchebags and doubaggery, then you've hit the motherload!  There were more goofballs there with fake tans, coked-out eyes, highlighted faux-hawks and Ben Sherman "Vegas-shirts" than at a Jersey bachelor party!  Some girls might read this description and say "Count me in!".They get 2 stars for the room.  Well done.  Potentially great place, but infected by the douchebagism.Have fun, chix with skank-striped hair, orange skin, stripper voices, and tramp stamps!  You are going to love the Blue Mar-tini-weeney!
4	Packed packed packed for happy hour! I came here with a girlfriend of mine and we weren't able to score an outside table. But we found a bar table inside where it felt like a disco. The waitstaff was pretty nice and the food was quite good. Happy hour is from 5 to 8pm Monday through Friday with martinis at 1/2 price, house wine is 1/2 price... and all appetizers are 1/2 price. I think cocktails and beer are discounted too.It's refreshing to be able to walk into a bar and not see a video poker machine. Unlike some of the other reviews where people were mingling with others... we kept to ourselves and had a great time.The crowd was similar to who I'd expect to see at the Whiskey at Green Valley Ranch.I don't know that I'd come here and pay full price for everything. That'd take some of the fun away for me. But it's in a great location and it's fun to go shopping afterwards at the neighboring stores when you have a little buzz.
3	Sooo Many FREAKIN LOCALS. I like the ambiance. The food I haven't tried. The drinks are....well drinks. The dfrink menu has a good selection from the actual blue martini, cookies and cream martini, ets...I think overall as a bar they do well. They bring in a dj at night and turn the place into an all out club till 4am. It seems like the djs know how to get jiggy with it and they're all about opp. Eh I guess I really wanted it to be a place to chill at.You get a combination of different people who come here. Sure tourists.....But mostly locals. Lots of Cougars, velociraptors. Industry people, and socialites. Its weird to see them all in one place. The thing I don't like is the trek to the bathroom - it's like if you had to pee or throw up and you were in the outside patio, you're screwed. ESPECIALLY for Number 2! They have security guards and vip hosts, so ya it's kinda clubby. It does hold over 1100 people. So definitely good times. If you're a guy and you can't get laid here then stay home with your credit card handy and a new subscription to adult friendfiners. But be careful. This is a locals place and a lot of people know a lot of people....But ladies it is a smorgasboard of dudes who are too cool for school and vip hosts, and clubbers, and douchers. Ya have fun with that. I should have just not missed the movie.
4	A locals' place off the strip, but close enough!With their happy hours from 4 pm to 8 pm everyday, it's definitely worth checking out the Blue Martini!  We arrived shortly after 6 pm on a weekday and grabbed a coveted table outside on the patio.  All their specialty martinis and wines are half-priced, as well as everything on the menu!  (Desserts included!)  What a steal!The BF ordered the Down & Dirty (Ketel One Vodka and Olive Juice served with Three Large Olives) and I had the Bellini (Ketel One Vodka, Peach Schnapps, House Champagne, and a splash of Orange juice).  They bring the shaker to you and pour it tableside, which I think is great.  Not only does the waitress not have to worry about balancing the delicate martini glass, but you don't have to worry about trying to drink from a very full glass.  They average about to $7-$8 each during HH.We started off with the St. Louis Style Spinach & Artichoke Dip (Spinach & Artichokes Mixed with a St. Louis Provel Cheese Sauce, Topped with Parmesan and Served Hot with Toasted Pita Triangles).  Like Mr N. mentioned, the pita chips are rock hard.  I'm not sure if they are intentionally supposed to be this hard, but they could soften them up a bit!  A pretty decent order for the price you're paying and pretty good too.I had the Chicken Quattro Formaggi (8oz. Lightly Breaded Seasoned Chicken Breast Stuffed with Four Cheeses (Asiago, Parmesan, Mozzarella, & Provolone) served with Seasoned Rice, Marinated Artichoke Hearts Accompanied by a Roasted Red Pepper Sauce), which is odd since I don't usually like to order chicken breast.  I think the whole 'stuffed with four cheeses' got my attention and that's what sold me.  I had to ask for more sauce so the chicken had more flavor.  The accompanying artichoke hearts and greens lightened up the meal.  The BF enjoyed my dish.The BF scored a winner with the Miniature Martini Lamb Chops (8oz. of Mint Marinated Rack of Lamb served with Seasoned Rice).  They were so moist and tasty, not gamey at all!  We had to ask for more of the green sauce because it tasted so good!  I wish I ordered this instead!  We'd definitely go back for this dish alone!It's pretty chill hanging out there in the evenings.  It gets super packed though, so good luck trying to score a table if you come with a large party.  You can always grab seating inside, but it's pretty dark in there in my opinion.  And yes, there are a lot of fake tans, pretty boys in their shades and 'roids.  An amusing place to people watch if anything.I have to agree with Myke R. about the restrooms being way too far.  Coming from the patio, it's a trek to meander yourself around the tables and crowds just to pee and wash up.  (I did see Allison J. though on my way to the loo!)Overall, Blue Martini is a pretty cool place to hang out during happy hour.  I don't think I'd want to fight the crowds though during weekends and nights since this place fills up.  They do check ID, so no kiddies in here at all.  Update! 05/31/08 - Went back for HH on a Friday night and this place is PACKED!  * Seared Tuna (Sushi grade ahi tuna resting on a nest of asian seaweed and calamari salad, served with asian sesame dressing and wasabi.)  I'm not a big fan of seared tuna, but the seaweed, ginger, and calamari combo definitely added a nice contrast.* Bruschetta (Fresh Diced Roma Tomatoes Marinated with Extra Virgin Olive Oil, Garlic and Basil Served on Toasted Sliced Bread Rounds Topped with Parmigiano Reggiano Cheese)  Nothing special, pretty basic that anyone could make at home.I also tried a couple of their flatbreads.  By the time I got to it, It had been sitting out for awhile, so they were not hot as they should be.  Probably tastes a lot better when you eat them right away.* Mango Madness (Finlandia Mango Vodka, Mango Schnapps, a splash of Pineapple juice) So so good!  A bunch of people from our group was drinking this and we all loved it!  A definite fave of the house, even for guys! (You can find pics of our happy hour experience in the business profile.)
4	Just went here last night. I wasn't too impressed with the fact that they charge COVER....So you're telling me I have to pay 5 bucks to get into a RESTAURANT? Luckily, my friends knew one of the guys who works there, and he hooked it up for us...otherwise we were ready to go back to Yardhouse downstairs and get more drinks for cheap. Other than the fact that they charge cover, Blue Martini has a nice vibe. Very nice inside. Small-ish dance floor, but the balcony outside has a LOT of room for people to stand around and talk. I didn't actually buy any drinks here, seeing as I pre-drank at Yardhouse. I'm going to try this place at happy hour and see what the experience is like.
2	I really didn't like the vibe here, not gonna lie.  I will say this... it's amazing that Blue Martini has wrangled a good scene for themselves.  I came here on a Wednesday night/Thursday morning at like 2am, and it was packed wall to wall.  They were charging $10 cover, and there was a quick line.  Didn't even get a drink it was so annoyingly packed with douchebags, so I probably won't be back, or at least not at night.  My buddy said Wednesdays are ladies night, hence all of the craziness, and it's much chiller on a Friday night.  Maybe I'll give that a shot sometime.
2	Went to Blue Martini after work with friends the past two Fridays.....  I love Town Square..... buuutttt..... The Blue Martini, although extremely crowded with patrons, misses the mark a bit for me..... it is much more of a "meat market" than anything else..... which makes for some definitely interesting people watching......  love sitting back watching people's "technique".....  It is a very large establishment, but, yet there is still no room to move... guess that is good for their bottom line but, not so much if you actually want to move around and talk to people..... get there way earlier than you want to if you want to score a table..... I recommend the outside patio.... still crowded but at least you can both inhale and exhale and if you are so inclined as to carry on a conversation, you are more likely to hear if you are not inside.......  I don't know about the other poster's paying a cover charge... didn't have to pay either time...... maybe I was there waaayyy earlier than I would have liked to be???
3	Well there was definitely a huge crowd when I came here.  It was really hard to find a place to sit.   Drinks weren't that hard to get as I thought it would be with people crowding around the bar.  The food was pretty good such as the lobster taco.  The place is a lot bigger than I would've thought  it was going to be.  Live music played.  There was no cover before 11:30, but my friends had to pay $5 to get in.  There's a small dance floor.  It was definitely a 30's crowd in there.  Drink prices felt close to club prices.  The inside decor was also pretty nice.  Service for food was hard to get, however.  It took a good 30-40 min before a waitress came back to order food.  Not much of a place to chill since if it's so hard to find a table.  Some people tried to charge us $20, and they would've let us take their table.  Obviously, we didn't take it because they were going to leave anyways.  Atmosphere's ok.  There is a dress code.  No hats, shorts, and basketball shoes.  Chucks are acceptable.
4	My friend chose this place since it was her bday and we were supposed to go to a tapas place first.  Since BM had happy hour and a good menu to choose from.....we just passed up the tapas place and went straight to Blue Martini.  We got seated in the VIP area since it was still available but was informed if someone reserves it later....we would have to move...which was ok.  We ordered so much since it was almost like tapas dishes.  Not too big but great to share with others so we can taste almost everything on the menu.  So don't go there famished.  I got the BM special ....pretty, and yummy and not weak at all. ***The Blue MartiniFinlandia Vodka, Citronge, Blue Curacao, Sour Mix, Orange Juice, served in an oversized Snifter over Ice with a Glow Stick*****My friends ordered the cantaloupe, mango madness and caramel swirl.  All was good and pretty potent.  Ordered a few  bday shots.  It was nice there was a balcony you can go out and get some air and take a break for a minute.  Surprisingly the live band was great and not disappointing at all. The one thing that was sad is since there was six of us....the table was small and we could not put the circle tables together cuz they were bolted to the floor.  (guess it was for safety reasons-lol)The servers were cute and barbie doll looking.  (at least ours was pretty hot and she was nice too.)They finally informed us the VIP had to go to the VIP's now ....it was ok...we were done allready and and even paid our bill allready.The bill was so reasonable since it was happy hour.  So make sure you take advantage of the happy hour---well worth it. Went to the bar to get more shots and we didn't even have to wait long.  The bartenders actually made eye contact and smiled.  The parking kinda sucked since this was in a mall setting.  Hard when you have high heels on.  Then we saw there was valet but the person I was with did not want to take advantage of that.Overall....the experience was fun and the vibe was great. We didn't want to drive around after that so we headed to YARDHOUSE in the same area---lol.  Read my review on that.
5	This is a really cool scene for Las Vegas locals. The ambiance is cool, and there's always a lot of people. Mixed crowd. Drinks run about $12-14 each, but half price during Happy Hour -- 4pm to 8pm daily. At $6 each, it's a great deal because they fill up your martini glass and then give you the shaker, so it's like two drinks for one. The martini menu is expansive. I've tried a lot of the drinks and they're all good. The only only I ever didn't like was the chocolate bar one. It tasted like straight vodka. But the caramel swirl - yummy!  The place is huge and has (I think) three different bar areas. There's music inside. I highly suggest checking it out.
4	I had a really good time at the Blue Martini on a Monday night. Not too crowded and they had some really nice music (one guy with a guitar playing sublime, incubus, ect.) The decor was nice, dark and romantic for a date, but trendy and lively enough for a girls night out too.Our friend Sean suggested we get a Hospitality card, which we did. This card allows for no cover and a complimentary drink as soon as you walk in and 50% off your drink tab for the night. (most drinks $12-$14)The crowd is very diverse. There are young folks, mature folks, gueedos, and prettys, but all in all a nice drama free crowd.We ordered the artichoke spinach dip ($8) and a desert ($7) and everything was tasty. The kitchen is open til 2:30am.After the live music a DJ come on and he was pretty good too. They have a small little dance floor and everyone had a good time.I liked it and I can see myself going back.
2	Town Square sure got popular really fast!!!  This place seemed like it was gong to be an amazing, chill place for locals, but its now resembling a club on the strip!  It would be so much better if it wasn't so packed - that you didn't need to get there an hour before opening or buy a bottle just to get some appetizers for happy hour (I still have yet to be able to get a seat to try the appetizers).  Disappointing.  And $15 for a sub-par martini?!?  I guess if you want a place to hook up for a booty-call this is your kind of place!  Its too bad Vegas can't just have a truly chill local spot!!
4	I always love to try new places, especially when it involves friends and a few libations. I was hesitant to try this place at first because of mixed reviews I had heard, but what the hell, you only live once, right?!  So on the fateful night of my first Blue Martini experience I was surprised to see that there were a slew of door hosts dressed in suits who guarded the front door that were secured with ropes. At first I thought I had mistakenly had gone to a club on the strip and not a restaurant in Town Square, but I guess that's what happens at the latest locals hot spot. My party crew and I sat outside and I must say I was very surprised with the vibe and beautiful people that surrounded this place. The majority of the patrons were locals and hot locals at that. Forget ordering food...I could just fill up on the eye candy of men in suits that were sipping on martinis and wine! Speaking of martinis and wine, I was impressed with the selection. Any place that serves Sonoma-Cutrer by the glass is alright in my book. So of course I had to pair the wine with my first appetizer which was the assorted fruit and cheese plate. I could have every different type of cheese everyday for the rest of my life but this one I could do without. I was expecting a expanded variety of cheese like Gruyere or even a Brie but was left disappointed. So to drown/forget my disappointment, I had to indulge in a martini....or two.... when in Rome!! When it comes to martinis I like them dirty...I mean like NC-17 rated dirty. The Masterpiece Bleu was great. Ultimat vodka and blue cheese stuffed olives with added olive juice. The blue cheese tasted fresh and martini's size did not disappoint...there was some left over liquid love in a martini shaker on the side! Now I am not the fruity martini drinker but one of my martini comrades had the The Good Life martini and might I say, after taking a sip, it was pretty damn good if you like that kind of sweet fare. Bacardi Melon, sugar free red-bull and cranberry juice...now I know what Kayne West was taking about when he wrote that song...it definitely welcomed me to the good life.  Happy and content with my martini and wanting to make up for the disappointing cheese plate I had, I opted to have the caprese salad. I love caprese salads and try to have them everywhere I go and I must say this is one of the best I have had. The buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes and basil were abundant and fresh but the kicker was the fact that they added portabello mushrooms. Loved it! What I did not love was the lobster taco. Great marinade and veggies but  with one small piece of lobster in a gigantor tortilla. I will make sure to stay away next time with that one.All in all, Blue Martini is a great locals escape away from the strip. With good drinks, great atmosphere and beautiful people and with happy hour 7 days a week how could you not like this place. Plus, all you Vegas service industry workers and hotel employees, your first drink is on them with their Blue Martini VIP card. With that incentive they will definitely see my face more often!
4	nice place.  cool atmosphere.  mixed crowd.  lots of locals.  want to come back!
2	Well. It started pretty good. I arrived on Friday night and had to wait for my friends. So I ordered whatever martini looked good off the menu. Then later my friends came in and we were finally grab a table for 4 of us.And that's where it started getting worse....Do they even know what "service" means? Tips by definition are product of the proper service (they're not requirement) - good service=good tip and bad service .... you guess no tip!First we had to chase waitress around to order drinks. I started going towards bar stand but "security-type" guy stopped me and said that waitress will come to our table. 10-15 minutes later he ended up taking our drink order himself .... than we had to wait for another 15-20 minutes for drinks to get to our table. Than we ordered some food and it took almost 40 minutes to get it (because for some reason 1st time it was delivered to another table!!!).... bla bla bla and here we are ready to move on to next venue - not so easy because it took damn waitress another 30 minutes to get my check! Heck!!!! I can forgive anything but NOT WHEN I HAVE TO WAIT FOR MY CHECK! Come on people ... you want your money for your damn overpriced drinks do you?So I have to confess - first time in all these years I stiffed and left zero tip. I could insult her of course and put few coins in but I was in a decent mood even after all this crap.(Am I just bitching? May be I am ... but customer is always right, isn't he?)P.S. While I was standing on the balcony I witnessed a nasty act of hit-and-run - b*tch was trying to turn around (turn, reverse and turn) and hit a car that was parallel parked right in front of BM. Too bad I didn't see plate number otherwise I'd definitely turn her in. Morale of the story - don't parallel park in a center of Town Square or you risk getting hit by some drunk f**k
4	There aren't too many venues perfect for a quick happy hour after work AND/OR a complete Friday or Saturday night out from start to finish, but Blue Martini at Town Square really has it down. Despite that fact that this venue is ALWAYS packed and there's rarely a place to sit (thus the 4-star rating instead of 5) Blue Martini is the perfect setting for someone who doesn't want the club scene, but isn't necessarily looking for a laid back lounge either.  It radiates with energy and style without the obnoxious meat-market factor.  Take a few girlfriends and order the Cherry Bomb martini - "Three Olives" Cherry Vodka, Red Bull Energy Drink and a dash of Grenadine.
4	Pretty down to earth, legit bar for Vegas.  Great martinis, great bands, very friendly service and a ton of beautiful surprisingly normal people in here.  Bathroom is stocked better than the Ritz!   Gucci, YSL perfumes etc.I heard it's crazy on Wednesdays, I came on a Sunday and it was pretty packed yet still low key.  I will be back for sure.
3	great place for locals, a lot of beautiful girls, service is pretty good as well.  The only real problem i have with this place is that its to packed for such a small place.  The music and the dj is good, but there is no room to dance at all.  Set up sucks, tables and chairs everywhere, the dancefloor space is like 10-12 ft.
4	Good martinis and nice variety.I like the bellini. (but if you like sweet ones the almond joy is also clutch).Nice indoor/outdoor layout.And women can get a vip card that will get them one free drink every time they go before 10 pm.Wednesdays are a better deal, because ladies night is half off- but if you go on a different night after happy hour, it's a bit expensive.
3	Not as bad as I thought.  I only saw one Affliction tshirt.We went on Labor Day Monday around 9pm.  It was pretty quiet, which I actually prefer.Our server seemed to be overwhelmed with tables which made the service slow & bordering on annoying.  She kept asking if I was sure I wanted this drink or that or this drink or that drink.  Yes, I want a Manhattan!  That's what I am asking for & please give it to me now.  Thank you & please come again & yes, before my cocktail is empty.I would go back when it might be slower than usual. Oh & hospitality people, get a hospitality card.  A free drink every time you go.  Works for me...The bathrroms are a trek.  Good god, they must want you to parade around the damn place & look at all the peeps there.  That's all I have to say about that.
1	Ok...Are you seriously charging covers at the door? So I pull up with my roommate at BM to just have a quick drink - see one of the manager friends. Then the guy at the door says,"The line's not that long, you should stand in line."  Uhm my roommie works at Yardhouse. If she had her uniform on then she would walk right in. Then every week we send a photographer every Wednesday to take pictures for spyonvegas which costs us money. Now all the owners of my company are friends with the owners of BM. Even when I showed them my business card, he was a douchebag. Well There's lots of people in the industry that come here and we can't honor everyone. WTF? Because of this. I officially DOUCHEBAG Blue Martini to Bowel Movement.
3	fun.. it's huge...  BUT.. they charge you to get in & you gotta get major snazzy.  *y? idk.it's probably because everyone else is? anyway,  if your kickin' it with a big group of friends, this is probably a good spot to do that. it has a big ass patio with a bar to match.  you can kick it and fan out if need be.  they also serve food which is also good when you've drank a lot of "blue martini's..." (*ahem... very strong drink btw..)  they also have a dance floor which is cool..but the cover? idk.
3	We went on a Friday night, and it was pretty lively. Locals mostly go here, but we have found that even tourists heard about this place and decided to check it out. The ambiance is pretty nice for a lounge. I loved the outside area, which has a patio that goes around the building; You can see the beautiful, night view of the Town Square shopping area. There was a band that played before the regular DJ was on. The band was probably from So Cal, since they played California Love and bunch of old school hip hop songs like No Diggity and Yeah! by Usher. It was kind of weird though...the band members looked punk rockish, were white, and were singing hip hop??! It was crazy...a weird, surprise...The dance floor was really small; This place is definitely not the place to go if you want that club scene feel...As for the drinks...kind of pricey. I liked the mango martini, as it didn't taste too strong. The service here needs some work. We had to track down waiters/waitresses to order a drink..Other than that....an ok place to hang out with friends when you just want to chill...
1	Blue Martini is a joke.  Who do they think they are?  They may be on Las Vegas Blvd but it is not the strip.  I hate line games and guess what they do the same.  There could be three people standing in line but they will pretend the place is full and make you wait.  Really? For Blue Freaking Martini?  If you are a guy they will not let you in unless you slip a 20 to the douchebag  holding up the line. Then you have to pay cover?  Really? For Blue Freakin' Martini?  Then there is another douchebag that walks up and down the line to look for girls to bring into the club to create an ambiance of pretty faces.  The criteria they use is the girls must have T&A no matter how much they sag.I cannot believe how these "bouncers" act.  Its Blue Freaking Martini!!!  I thought this place would be great for Locals.  I am tired of the clubs on the strip because the drinks are over priced and I hate how tourists act when they come to Vegas.  But when you go to Blue Martini it is much of the same.
1	WAAAAY too crowded though service was fairly ok - we did get our food (some chicken flatbread thing - we were starving) and drinks right away.  the crowd is a little older, which is fine with me bec. really, who wants to go to be around rowdy, noisy, rambunctious people after watching "sex and the city - the movie" ?  it's time for girl talk baby, girl talk.all in all, a good place to sit (or stand) and have a drink or two but maybe not for food.
4	Viva Las Vagueness!Man, they ruined that song by turning it into a Viagra commercial. Can I get a witness? I mean, seriously. I hear that song and I start seeing blue, which brings me to my review of Blue Martini. Here's how it breaks out, and let's start with the good:1. Hot patrons (for me, the women).2. Hot waitresses (yes, they're female as well)3. Large and roomy venue.4. Indoor AND outdoor space.5. Waitresses=hot.6. Did i mention there were a large number of attractive women of the female persuasion there?7. The place was mostly populated by locals, which gets you away from the rotund, behemouth, gargantuan, midwestern, muumuu-clad tourists that seem to permeate the Las Vagueness vicinity.8. See numbers 1, 2, 4, 5 and 6 above.9. They have a happy hour that offsets #2 under the "not as good" section below. Unfortunately, we weren't at it.  Bah.10. They're open LATE, i.e., like 4:00am.The not as good:1. My "Blue Martini" was blue, but it wasn't a martini. It was also overly sweet.  They have other "martinis" that I didn't try, but perhaps those are better. 2. $12 martinis feels like NYC, price-wise, and let's be serious; this is Vegas, not NY.3. $6 domestic beers.3a. $8 foreign beers.4. The lovely waitresses lost one of my party's credit card.  That kind of put a damper on the evening temporarily.5. Service was a little uneven, but we got hugs from the waitress, so uh, let's just leave it at that.6. At a venue filled with hot chiquitaz, they managed to seat us next to a table full of gay men, which would have been ok, except one of them was rubbing his ass up against me after having hit on me.  I could have lived without that, mos' def.7. It's a little ways out of town, and as any of you who have been to Vegas recently knows, cab rides are freakin' astronomical. Don't be surprised when it costs some bucks to get there, but hell, you're in Vegas where ponying up is part of the reason you go, am I right?Overall, this is a fun joint. The band was playing bad cover tunes, but hey, it's Vegas, you can forgive them. It was more than made up for by the quality of the eye candy therein, etc, and what have you. In between band sets they played some cool 80's tunes, which seemed to work nicely.If you're in Las Vagueness, hit up Blue Martini. I'll be sure to go there again next time I'm in town.
3	I've only been here once, and I think I would go back - but only with a coed group.  If you go here alone, you'll look like the creepy serial killer guy that hangs in the corner eyeing his next vic.  I went on a Friday night, after work with a bunch of co-workers.  It was very cool, casual, and fun.  The drinks were outrageously expensive ($19 for a peach martini?!?) but that was ok - since it was pay day.If you go with a group, plan on getting there EARLY.  The benefits of that are that you can get some tables - which will be in short supply later on in the evening - and if you get there early enough there is no cover.There was a band that played after 10pm - they were pretty cool.  The waitress was attentive, the drinks were strong (whoa on that Manhattan!), and the "scenery" was decent.  Hot men, but desperate cougars looking for a piece of ass.  Oh well, can't win 'em all.
4	This place isn't as bad as how everyone saying it is. I had a great time here. Let's put it in clearer terms...a Bar & Grille at a mall...your expectations shouldn't be that high, yet I was impressed with the setup. The bouncers were really cool with me seeing that I was from out of town and I was wearing jeans with kicks and they didn't stress me. The only rant I have at this place is $20 cover???? Are you f**kin kidding me? I guess its coz its vegas, but still. The crowd was chill when we went, which was a Friday. It was actually a really nice atmosphere. Then again the place wasn't too crowded. They had a live band playing and when they would come off, they had a DJ spinning...if that's what you call it...hahaha...The talent in this place was cool. Not too much plastic and  very diverse. The drinks are great prices, then again I made buddies with 2 of the bartenders and they took care of me, but that's coz I took care of them. Good looking people...good looking waitresses...good looking bartender...and a good looking place for my expectations. Overall, I would come back to this place, but try and not pay the $20 to get in...oh and surprisingly...they have bottle and table service. Really? At a bar at the mall? and they close at 4AM? Really? YES!!!
4	Their HAPPY HOUR, 7 days a week from 4p-8p.  GREAT DEAL!!!  Excellent tapas, can get very crowded and hard to find a seat, but well worth.  Nice looking place.  Definitely shows its Miami roots.  Their flat breads are very tasty (basically focaccia pizzas), and their Jack Daniels chicken, well let's just say I haven't had a bad meal yet.  Mojitos, mmmm.... my limit is usually 2, I always have 3 there.I've never paid a cover charge, I guess maybe that's after the Happy Hour?
3	I've heard that Blue Martini wasn't doing too well, and they have gotten snooty since their opening months in Vegas.  Sure, it was packed back then and THE place to be.  But now...  I was there a few Saturdays ago around 11 pm and got in line, which wasn't too long.  But I was surprised with the cover charge they now imposed!  Sure, I was free (either b/c I'm a local and/or b/c I'm a girl), but the Husband was charged half off b/c he is a local...which meant he still had to pay $10.  Now, this is where I felt really bad because I had referred some out-of-town people here and I would have felt like crap knowing they paid a $20 cover charge to get in! It was still busy in there, but definitely not as packed as before.  They are getting cheap on the drinks though.  My Mango Madness ($14) shaker used to fill the martini glass two rounds, but this time it just filled the one.  Bummer.  And the Husband's Jack and Coke costs $8, and there wasn't much in there. Overall, definitely not the place to be anymore...and the neighboring restaurants have since closed down too!
3	I got taken here by a friend, as this was a "non tourist" place, during the happy hour.  Just like Vegas overall, this place was mediocre, why was it so packed!$12 shitty cocktail is a "special", I guess... But we're not on the strip, we're at a mall.  I could not actually imagine coming here during non-happy (sad) hours, VIP table service, a cover ($20 HA), and like $20 drinks.  Two stars are for the band, who rocked out behind the bar.
3	OK this is tough... I love martinis.. I love happy hours... but I do hate places that are a "scene". My friend, fiance and I ordered 3 martinis. My friend's martini tasted ok, but the waitress sniffed it and said "hmm that smells funky I don't think that's the pear martini"... it tasted good to us (however, agreed, it didnt' taste like a pear). She returned with a martini that tasted like lemon clorox (how I would imagine it would taste!)... ewww.. nothing like pears... Anyways, needless to say at a packed place the service can suffer... and the quality of product... I much prefer the 1/2 price martinis at Hanks !!!
4	Great happy hour, everything is 50% off and they have a great selection of martinis.  I appreciate that they do half off rather than buy 1, get 1 free in case you only want one drink (like that's going to happen!) or in case your friend orders a martini with a different price.  I also love the location since Town Square is a fun place to go to with a very small town feel.  You don't find that very often in Las Vegas and I really appreciate the vibe of Town Square in general.  Blue Martini has a very happening atmosphere although it can be a bit loud; better to meet somebody new than to go with your current sweetie.  Even though it is always busy I tend to get awesome service and hardly ever have to wait before the bartender notices me and takes my order.
4	Great Martini's love the mangoes, the lamb was great
4	This Town Square joint's packed like a stripper's shoe closet!  But I wouldn't know that.  The bars are massive!  Go find a casual lounge mood inside with a live band playing danceable tunes (salsa, Earth Wind and Fire) to get all the lovely ladies moving (too bad it's a small floor).  A cabana style area outside awaits others who just want to talk, complete with overhead fans where most of the cougars and older rich men like to go on the prowl.I didn't dig the velvet ropes though.  VIP service at a bar?  I thought only clubs do that.It's a few minutes drive down the strip, still further south than the infamous "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign (with a fence and parking area built around it now?!  Must've had one too many tourist casualties).  I can't stress enough how much fun I had here two Fridays ago.  Crap, "stress" and "fun" shouldn't be said in the same sentence.  I heard from a friend's friend who lives in Vegas that this used to be the locals' hotspot, but for what it was worth, March 20th goes down as one memorable evening for me!  But I won't tell because what happens in Vegas...  stays in God's mind forevermore.The bartenders (Kristy, I'm talking to you) were cool and attentive.  Go to the far back where it's less crowded or get here early because Happy Hours run from 4 PM - 8 PM everyday.  You're looking at half off everything so for example, a Grey Goose and Tonic will cost $5.  Dress is casual as I saw business suits, nurses still in uniform, and plenty of chill people in jeans and sneakers.  Far from ghettofabulous and nowhere near pretentious, this is a great starting point for a Friday evening.  Real swell until the newest Vegas Happy Hour hot spot hits.  Oops.  Too late.  It probably already did.  No cover when I went around 5.  I didn't get any bouncer attitude either.  Are you sure this is Vegas?
2	Blue Martini has a pretty good live band. Food is so so. We got the spinach artichoke dip and that tomato with bread dish that I can't think of the name right now. Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up. Thus, even if they have live band, the music genre is pretty old school and yea...not my cup of tea. I felt like everyone was really old and creepy. It is a nice bar for older crowd who wants to go hook up with other locals though.
2	Ok, so perhaps in all fairness, this place just wasn't really my scene. We walked in and they had a live country band on stage with a stripper ....only in Vegas, right? We sat for about 10min waiting for the cocktailer, and then got up and left....the place was empty.
3	Went to Blue Martini on a Wednesday with a gal friend of mine whom I asked to show me to a local spot. Upon getting to the front of the line, I saw a familiar face from back home (what are the odds) and he let me and my friend in without cover. Started off good so far.I began ordering drinks, and they were so much more affordable than what I had spent over the weekend on the strip. It was definitely refreshing to see some normal-ish prices. The bar was quick and efficient even though it was a very busy night. Cute blond bartender girls were very friendly. I kinda stuck around the bar for a while with my friend and she volunteered to be my wing woman. I thought this could potentially be a great idea. And there were plenty of pretty girls there, but I realized one thing in the middle of it... A lot of people there already knew one another.. Definitely a locals spot.The thing I love most about Vegas, is just meeting random people from all over the country/world. And normally people on vacay are so much more open to meeting new people as well. The thing about local spots is a lot of girls and guys travel in packs and they already have their little clique. Even in big cities, this tends to be the case because people usually meet up with too many friends of the opposite sex. Although, I pretty much knew most of the relationships in the bar were platonic, I wasn't about to set the wrong jealous friend off. Plus I was having such a great time with my friend, drinking and dancing. She was a great hostess!!Blue Martini was a good little experience for me. I'd try it again, but for a traveler/visitor.. I would definitely recommend the parties on the strip...
3	OK place to drink and hang out, but once the live band starts to play, you can barely talk to your friends. they have very limited bar food, so don't come in with an empty stomach. overall nothing special to travel off the strip for...
4	Love Blue Martini! They have a massive cocktail list of delicious martinis. Ladies, if you're buying your own drinks, try and pop in on a 1/2 off ladies night to try a couple different drinks and save $$$. Blue Martini is huge! They have multiple bar areas (indoor and outdoor), play good music, and you can dance off your buzz on the midsize dance floor.
4	Great happy hour. Top shelf vodka in the sig martini's makes for great quality drinks. Lots of douchebaggery on the weeknights and the staff is so-so when it comes to service on busy nights.. Those two are the only drawbacks.
4	A weekend favorite between my girls and I ~ have a mango martini and their Vesuvious chocolate cake.  A girl can indulge after an hour long of cardio workouts. XD
5	Blue Martini is one of my favorite spots now. AS a Casino Employee I get the 50% discount. And if you are make sure you always have your badge I.D. or else they won't give it to you.This is a classier place with a modern decor inside and out. It's also bigger then it lets on. The front door men are typical las vegas. Pay em a little and voila! No line wait for you!They have a hookah service at the outdoor bar. It's 30 Dollars an hour, though, we had it for longer. Also it's ten dollars after that. As for the specialty drinks, I am a huge fan of the BLUE Martini drink. For the ladies, try the Mango Martini. There is a dance floor inside, a little small but so much fun. You're most likely to find me at the outdoor bar with my friends drinking/talking and enjoying the atmosphere!
3	1/2 off everything at happy hr! Nice. Artichoke dip: 3. Margherita flat bread: 4. Chicken skewers: 4. Service 3.5 ( got a nice but overworked waitress). Caprice salad: 3.5. Mojito martini: 4! Dessert: had the vesuvius, not too sweet considering:5
1	Not impressed. Very disappointed.First time going to the Blue Martini with two of my girls. One of them got an industry discount and she was going to try to get us half off drinks, but she could only get one for herself, and me and my other friend had to pay full price. I can see where they were coming from with that - that was not the problem or issue, but I didn't like the bartender's attitude at all. I was confused at how we were all supposed to split the cost of our drinks and the bartender said rudely, "Ladies, I need for you to pay now." Okay, jerkoff! What's with the attitude? I was too generous to him, now that I think about it. I shouldn't have given him any kind of tip. I always tend to overtip people when I go out places because I know what it's like to be in customer service myself. Next time I won't be so nice. I know it's crazy busy on a Saturday night, but that's no excuse. If they treat me that poorly, and they don't have the consideration or patience to explain the bill to me, they can kiss their tip goodbye.This put a damper on the whole evening for me. We went inside the main part of the bar where the dance floor was. They act like a wannabe nightclub with a little teeny dance area, but it's just a glorified bar to me. They played a few good old school songs and mashups, but all the other music was your garden-variety hip-hop you hear at any other club on the Strip. While we were there, this cocky Latino guy tried to pick up one of my friends, and this other guy who was with him tried to dance with me, but I wasn't feeling it with him. Being the "nice" person that I am LOL, I just pretended not to hear him when he asked me to dance. "WHAT?!? HUH?!?" I screamed at him. Once they both got it through their thick skulls and realized they weren't going to get lucky, they finally amscrayed. I would not come back here again, nor would I recommend it to anyone. Skip it - there are far better, proper nightclubs to go to on the Strip that are worth your time. Too bad we didn't go to the Yard House next door - what little music I heard while we were walking back to the car sounded a lot better!
3	There are good and bad things about this bar. Its off  the strip and considered more of a local hangout, which is cool. However you sacrifice a service quality. They waitresses were bitchy at best. My friends from Vegas actually had to order from the bar, because she was too busy fixing her hair in the mirror. She took forever to bring back our change (like twenty minutes) and did not even apologize for making us wait. The huge plus side is there are about three or four different bars in this joint. So if you dont like your server you can simply move to a different location. I liked the dance floor set up with the Go-Go dancers. The bathrooms could be in a better place, rather than all the way in the back. All in all its worth checking out if for nothing more than the variety of martinis.
3	So, we were about to head over to Pure and get our boogie and drank on.  Line was insane even with bottle service.  My boy met us up in line and was like "yo! my brother is spinning for 93.1 over @ blue martini, wanna check it out?"  So we went over there, and it was actually a great time!.  I had never been over to town square before and this place was not over the top like most clubs in las vegas, but it was really fun none the less.  I think my superior dance skills were a bit much for the crowd tho, they really didnt want any.  I will definitely be back!  Drinks were reasonable, I think they over charged my card...but I was tipsayy so im not too sure on that one.  Good times really enjoyed the outdoor patio.  Check it out if you wanna do some off strip partying.
3	My friend that lives there took me there on Wednesday before Labor Day Weekend, on ladies night.  I just love the ambiance of this place.  It was so packed. The martini's were half off and they give you the shaker with the rest of the martini in it.  I had a grape martini.  YUMMMMYYY!!!  It was so good!  The crowd left a lot to be desired.  I like the strip much much better than off strip bars.  People just party harder. I'm not a local, I can sit around looking at people here in Florida.  I"m trying to get loose.  I wouldnt come here on any other day than Ladies night for the 6 dollar martini special.  POW!  Maybe on a date....not when I can be on the strip.
1	We went this past weekend and I will NEVER go again.  There is one bathroom at the very back of the club that you have to fight your way thru the crowd to get to.  We were double charged for drinks, and our server took 45 minutes to finally settle our tab.  We paid over $700 for table service, but we were strong armed by the front door men when some of our party had to go in and out to settle their tab with valet.And even though we paid such an outrageous price for 2 bottles of alcohol, our mixers were lukewarm and of very limited selection.  We even had to take the ice bucket back and forth to the bar because service was so poor.And the music mix was just plain strange, the DJ wasnt quite sure which vibe he was sticking with for the night.  Add to that a very tiny dance area. So if you like way over priced alcohol, poor service and being treated like a low-life, go for it.   This place was just as bad as any overpriced, crowded club on the strip.
4	Came in from out of town and heard good things about Blue Martini so my friends and I decided to check out the happy hour on a Friday night. It was better than I had expected. Since it was located in a strip mall, I expected it to be some sort of low-key bar/restaurant. The mall is nice, upscale and well laid out. There was no line at 7 o'clock so we walked right it. The decor was nice, it was definitely better and bigger than i had expected. A live band was playing that night busting out tunes from Bon Jovi and other 80's/90's bands. There are 3 bars inside and all 3 had good looking female bartenders. The food was decent but I wouldn't go here just for the food. I tried the steak sandwich and the flatbread pizza which was decent and since it was half off, it tasted even better. The cocktails didn't taste watered down and I could feel the effects after a few drinks, just the way I like it. The crowd was cool. Everyone seemed to be there to have a good time, not to show off. The women there seemed friendly as well with a good mix of people. I never had any trouble getting drinks or food from any waitress so that was definitely a plus. I would definitely stop by the Blue Martini during my next visit to Vegas. It's a nice change from the usual strip scene.
3	Service blew goat nuts at the outset, but it got a lot better once we got her attention and started ordering drinks.I can't decide if I liked the crowd or not. On one hand, I fit in with the douchiness since I was wearing a v-neck linen shirt and true religion jeans. On the other hand, I don't have diamond studs in my ears or barbed wire tattoos around my entire body. And I'm really not into trampy platinum blonde whores with white stilettos, it's just a teeeeeeeny bit too much for me.On the OTHER OTHER hand, there were some complete biscuits walking around this joint. Some of these girls looked like they stepped out of my dreams and into my reality. Obviously I didn't talk to them, though, because who can do that?For four people, our bill came out to $170ish for 8 rounds of drinks. I think our waitress left some off on purpose to apologize for the crappy service in the beginning, but it was cheaper than I thought it would be. We smoked a lot of hookah, I highly recommend the watermelon-kiwi and the pina colada. Incredible blends!All in all, three stars. It's like a club for locals, but still has the douchy flare of a place like Pure on a Saturday night.
2	Blue Martini in Las Vegas has a lot going for it. I went there on a Wednesday night and so might not be the best night to judge the location but I digress. Any faithful reader of my reviews understands that I am a bit different with the way I use my stars and how I write my reviews. Firstly it's a loud happening place where you'll find (from what I've been told) the local crowd in Vegas. I hate loud happening places, so were off to a good start. The bar is part of a shopping plaza right before you get on the strip and so you won't find the throngs of tourists that wonder like fiends (or zombies depending on what casino your in front of). I find that really appealing, because there are several locations to escape the noise and talk with the people your with, they just aren't located at BM. The bar has a large dance floor that is full of pretty (and not so pretty) people dancing. There are, in typical Vegas fashion, over priced drinks and killer views both on the patio and the dance floor.   There was a live band that night playing OK music. The mixture of drinks, people dancing an the fact that the motto for the night was "its Vegas baby" moved people to be a bit more liberal in regards to dancing, yours truly included.   I'll give blue Martini two stars because while it would be a top bar in most cities, but without ninja's, a car chases, and a healthy dose of bullet dodging I was disappointed. Now I don't care much for expensive trendy drinks, or loud music, or just about anything that BM has going for it. That being the case everyone I was with really enjoyed it. I would like to a quieter patio (like the 16th floor of the M resort) where I can escape and have a drink and  talk without auditory assault in the form of Kanye West via cover band. I bet your asking yourself why did I go if I don't like those places? Simple, Its Vegas baby!
4	This is such a great LOCALS hangout for happy hour! There's always a good crowd going and you'll most likely run into a co-worker or two. There's always music blasting or a band playing. Just a fun environment all around!If you're there for food then you can't go wrong ordering any of the flatbreads. The lobster tacos are great too!If you're there for drinks some of my favorite include the Sex In The City and pink passion martinis.
3	For happy hour it is worth a stop.
4	HAPPY HOUR! We had 3 different martini's (ALL GREAT!), warm artichoke dip (FANTASTIC) and then the ahi tuna entree (served seared or RAW, we chose raw, very good choice). It was awesome to get half price on all menu items during happy hour (4-8 pm). My personal favorite was the tuna entree... it was delicious and plated beautifully with garnishes of sesame oil and wasabi for dipping with raw calamari and seaweed. MMMM... We will definitely be going back. :)I recommend this to anyone but would highly suggest going during happy hour.
1	It's still a piece of trash
4	this place is dangerous!  not somewhere you can go for 'just a drink'.  for one, they give you the extra shaker with your martini, so it's really like getting two drinks at the same time.  combine that with happy hour prices, and the drinks come too easily!  if you like a fruity drink, try the mango madness - i rarely order anything else!as for food - the appetizers are always a big hit.  the cheese/fruit plate, the bbq pizza, and the chicken skewers are popular!
3	I have been here several times and I could say without a doubt that this place is trendy. The martinis are great  - half off during happy hour and for industry/casino employees all the time. The food is ok. They have live bands and a DJ. It is good for the people who want to have a great time and do not want to hit the strip. The food is alright. I was not really blown away with he selection.
1	Seems like this place isen't a good place to have drinks?  My friend that lives in Vegas was going to take me their for happy hour. MMMM going to have to rethink about it.
3	We ended up here bc I am good friends with a local, my friend from college, and we didn't want to pay exorbitant prices at one of the clubs on the Strip.  Blue Martini satisfied our desires for decent drinks and some dancing.  I had a martini called the Skinny Bitch, which was decently strong, and sweetened with one of those artificial sweeteners -- Truvia.  I think it was billed as under 150 calories or something.  This was a good thing since I was coming off a buffet brunch and a delicious Japanese meal off the Strip.The cover was free for ladies (this was a Saturday night), and $10 for guys.  OK.  The line was fairly short -- we waited about 10 minutes.  Lots of locals, so a lot less pretentious and crazy meat markety.  The dance floor is really small but a lot of people were gettin' down.  Good times.
3	Was visiting my BFF in Vegas and she took me to this local place. Parking was tough on a Saturday night. I'm pretty sure they didn't have a cover? But we came early before they really started playing dance music. The ambiance was really nice. It was a little bit crowded, but not so bad that we couldn't move. I WAS NOT feeling the music. Which is the reason we left. But if your not too picky about music you'll probably like this place. I still had a great time.
4	Blue Martini's a fun, local watering hole with some good martinis.They have a live band playing it seems every night and after the band is done playing, they push the tables aside and you can dance to modern music.Some tips:  I wouldn't sit very close to the band cause you can barely hear yourself think, let alone be able to have some decent conversations w/your friends.  Sitting outside seems ideal, as you can hear the band and still enjoy the company of your friends fire side.  The bands perform behind a bar.. I have no idea how the bar tenders aren't deaf by now.Although I've been assured I came on an unusual night and the service is alot better than what i experienced, it was very difficult to flag a waitress down.  If you can't don't bother and just go up to the bar and buy yourself the drink.Onto the menu:You have some appetizers including beef tenderloin, seared ahi tuna, lobster tacos, etc.  that are expensive, but I heard good (particularly the lobster tacos)Martinis:  tons of flavorful concoctions to pick from including key lime pie, smores, red apple, blue martini, mango madness, etc.  I opted for the mango madness which I've been assured doesn't taste strongly of alcohol, which it definitely didn't.  It almost made me wonder if it was just a weak watery drink or was it done so well even I couldn't taste the alcohol.  Prices are up there ranging from $12 - $15 a glass, but you do also get the shaker so it amounts to two martinis for the price one one.  My one martini gave me a decent buzz.  I'd def come back here again.  Maybe on a night where the band's not playing rock.. maybe something else.
2	The martini was waterly. I orderd "up", I had to pay $2.50 extra for "up".I give 2-stars for nice atmosphere only. The location is not good sitting in the back of a shopping center.
2	Went with a few of my girlfriends Saturday night and wasn't impressed one bit.  The crowd of people, or should I say the types of people weren't floatin' my boat.  I think they're confused on what to call this place... a lounge, club or bar because it has all, which is cool, but the vibe is confusing.  Seating is hard to get & my 5 inch heels were busting my hooves, I had to pull a few strings to get a table.  The host tried to talk me into bottle service, are you kidding me???  It isn't a club!!   Bottle service?!?  haha, riiiiiiight!!The music was bad, not feelin' the mixes.  The parking sitch sucked.  Overall, it had great potential but I won't go back.  Bummer, because I love town square.
4	Great place to chill and throw a few back with friends.They have a very nice patio area which is the place to be when it isn't winter time. The tables on the patio with heaters are hard to come by in the winter time. During the weeknights it is a nice place to hang out and relax. On Friday and Saturday nights it gets pretty busy and the bars are usually 3 people deep waiting to get the bartender's attention. Ladies night on Wednesdays has turned the place into a Cougar bar.
4	So because I work in the hospitality industry I am given a continued happy hour after 8pm. (Everything 50% off!) My coworkers enjoy going here to meet for drinks and appetizers. Since my last review I've had the dirty martinis, blue martinis, sweet tea martini, passion fruit martini and all are great. Just depends on your mood and tastes. We tend to go on Sundays and there's always a live band playing inside. I've also tried the pepperoni flatbread, shrimp martini and cheese plate since the last review and all are good. No complaints on this place :)
5	Went for Friday Happy Hour with Natasha.  Best HH we've ever been to!What's not to like?  Cheap martinis, food specials, great crowd, enough seating, free parking.  And the all-girl band!  Every song they played was on Natasha's Ipod.  How cool is that?We ordered the tenderloin flatbread and the lobster tacos.  Both were delish.  I did think however that they were a little skimpy with the tenderloin on the flatbread.Blue Martini is in a happening outdoor mall called Town Square.  Kinda what The Grove (in LA) wishes it could be.  It's a good distance south of the strip, but worth the drive.  We'll be going back, and probably make a night of it and go over to Pete's Duelling Pianos.
1	Have not been there in a while and went last Friday. Worst service ever. I was sitting at a table with 10 people and our server served us 1 drink in over 3 hours. I have worked in the food service industry so I know things can get crazy and sometime you have an off-night but it was obvious she wasn't caring about our table at all. She went to the table next to us 6-7 times and their drinks were full the whole night. Finally we left and went to Brio.
3	Very nice inside, the sound system is really bad though. and the crowd there that night looked to be trying out for the jersey shore or tool academy. meat market if that's what you want...
5	Blue Martini is the place to be, or at least the place to start a night in Las Vegas.  They have the best happy hour specials you will find anywhere.  Even the food is half price during happy hour and the food is really good.  This is definately the place to be on a Wednesday night.
1	I always like to give places a second chance and Blue Martini, I have done so, and I am done!  To sum it up....the food is not that good at all.  The spinach dip was served and it clearly had been frozen b/c parts of it were cold.  When we told them they took it to the kitchen and clearly MICROWAVED it b/c it returned to us SCORCHED.  Come on! And the $15. glass of wine is terrible!  The service is horrible, b/c there are so many young people that work there that have NO concept of what service entails.  It will be a passing fancy in LV, I am certain of that.If 1/2 star was an option that would be my choice.Sorry! Raise the bar!
4	we went to blue martini in town square for happy hour and had a really good time. very mixed crowd young, old, couples and families (no kids) hanging out having fun. it was very crowded by 7:15 when we got there but we found 2 seats. large martini menu. great happy hour prices. would not go unless it was happy hour the martini's regular prices were pretty steep for not being on the strip. we got the seared tuna that was great. i got the mojito martini and loved it and my hubby got the russian bleu martini also great. our bartender was cassadra and she was very nice and a great bartender!!!! highly recommend for happy hour!!!!!
2	This is gonna be a short review unfortunately.On our way down to the Town Square for dinner we wanted a few drinks.  From speaking with fellow yelpers, I seen that there were lots of bars in the area to try.On our way there the Taxi driver recommended Blue martini and i recalled it from being on the list.  Upon entering we were greeted and mentioned we were there for HH.  The girl told us to come on in and we found a spot to sit.  We sat there for about 5 minutes and nobody had any clue we were there for service.  Hey, No problem.....I jumped up and stood at the bar waiting to ask for a drink. And I waited....And I waited....And I waited...And I waited....Judging from the irritated look on my wife's face, she hadn't had anyone ask her if we had been helped either.  All in All, It was about 10-15 minutes with no help, my wife at the seat, me at the bar.  We couldn't even make eye contact with someone.Im giving 2 stars because the place looked like it would've been really nice to enjoy a HH at.Funny, how they post a special too.  SAVE %25 on your whole bill for yelp users by printing the page.  Perhaps I should start going into bars with a I YELP ASSHOLE!!!! T-shirt on.  Perhaps that would motivate a waitress to take your order.
4	I've always had a lot of fun here, but I do understand some of the rants: the crowd can be very "interesting"..... a mixture of the wealthy 40-somethings that live in Anthem, and polo-wearing college boys looking for a piece. But, if you go with a group of friends whose company you enjoy it's a good place to stop in for a couple drinks and apps. Drinks, appetizers, and flatbread pizzas are half off during happy hour, which is everyday from 4 - 8. I always love to get the russian vodka, blue cheese stuffed olive martini and the fruit and cheese plate. The fruit and cheese plate is great, and enough for 2 people to share and feel satisfied. I also recommend the spinach-artichoke dip served with pita chips. Tip: Go see a movie next door at Rave and bring your tickets back in for one free drink per ticket. I came here for happy hour, got half off drinks, went to the movie, and came back after for a free "non-happy hour price" martini. Good deal!
2	Oh Blue Martini, what can I say about this place. First off, this is a pick up bar for locals. That's it. If you want to get laid, more than likely you can go home with someone and it won't be too hard. I certainly have met people here when I've wanted to hook up as have maaaany others. True, it can be an eclectic mix of people sometimes,  it's mostly filled with Vegas versions of the Jersey Shore. The drinks are way over priced and are just sub par. The bartenders are hot and seem to serve their purpose in that sense, but aren't outstanding mixologists (like they get hired on how well they make a cocktail in the first place). Basically, are you lonely? Are you decent looking and want  to just get laid? This is your place.
3	This place is ptretty good stuff... its always nice knowing some locals because they take you to the less tourist-y places.Blue Martini is inside of a decent sized shopping area that is a little bit away from the main drag of the strip. But don't be scared by that... this place has some great bartenders and wait staff. We chose to sit on the huge outside balcony...so the music wasnt overpowering and you could hold a good convo. Plus the crowd out here was more chill too... on the inside it was a bit too douchey I thought. They also had hookahs (bit $$ but oh well) to smoke out there too, a pleasant surprise. The appetizers are also a bit on the $$ side, but they are very well prepared and tasty.
3	"25% Off Blue Martini Yelp Special!25% off your entire bill for Yelp users! *Print this page for validation. Special: Happy Hour daily from 4pm-8pm."Blue Martini's Yelp page has that message at the top, so take advantage!  Gotta spread the word when there's a deal to be had.Blue Martini...I'm giving you 3 stars.  This isn't based on any particular visit, but my overall experience with the establishment after visiting the place for the past 1-1/2 to 2 years.  Happy Hour 7 days a week from 4:00pm to 8:00pm makes it one of the most accessible happy hours in town.  No weekdays only or happy hours ending when you get off work; if happy hour didn't have such a generous time slot I probably would have stopped coming here a while ago.  What does happy hour get you?  Why, 1/2 off all martini's and food on the menu!  Servers have also told me that the 1/2 off price applies to mixed drinks with 1 spirit, though I haven't confirmed this.So part of me wants to give this place 4 stars, but those 4 stars are only based on the happy hour.  Drinks are regularly priced at $12-$16, though you do get the shaker with the rest of your drink.  Come during happy hour and you're almost getting two drinks for $6-$8, very worth it.  Food is also in the same price range, and the food is good, but not good enough for me to purchase at full price.  This place doesn't get 5 stars because nothing has been spectacular to me, but the value of what you get versus what you pay (during happy hour) is good.In the end though, Blue Martini ends up with 3 stars, being average to me.  The biggest factor is service; and I'm not just talking about slow service.  There have been several occasions where my order has taken over 20 minutes to arrive, was taken by another waitress to another customer, or was just not put in in the first place.  I guess I can understand waiting a bit for a flatbread if there are 50 people ordering it at the same time, but I can't understand how another customer can end up with my order, or hearing the waitress tell me that she forgot to put the order in.  Service can be seriously lacking when things are busy.  Though if you arrive right at 4:00pm (both the start of happy hour and their opening), you should have no problem getting a couple drinks, some food, and being on your merry way before the place gets packed.So those three stars up there...thats based on happy hour.  $25 can get you an appetizer and almost four drinks (two drinks + their respective shakers), so thats a hard offer to pass up.  Go during prime time where your order gets lost, or if you go during non-happy hour?  Then this place is a two star establishment with expensive prices and bad service.
2	Ha, visited Blue Martini last night only a day after writing my original review.  Sat down at a table in in front of the main bar/stage, and was ignored for 10 minutes.  My friend and I made our way to a side bar and settled down there.  The bartender asks what we would like, and with my comment in my previous review ("Servers have also told me that the 1/2 off price applies to mixed drinks with 1 spirit, though I haven't confirmed this.") I asked the bartender if I could get a Manhattan at happy hour prices.  The bartender looked at me, and I could tell this was going to be a chore.  She said that she wasn't sure; I thought that she meant she didn't know if it would be at happy hour price.  Nope.  Well, yes, she wasn't sure about the happy hour pricing.  But her first concern was "What's a Manhattan?"  ... ... ...That's the kind of person who will ask what you think of their personality, and I would respond by patting their head and telling them that they were very pretty.  After staring at her and wondering how she got her job, I explained what a Manhattan was, and told her that I wanted bourbon whiskey.  She then proceeds to another bartender at one of the outdoor bars and has him make the drink for her.  She comes back and tells me that yes, it will be at happy hour pricing, but they had to use Jack to make it discounted.  Well, Jack isn't bourbon.  But hell, at least I finally got a drink.Star gets knocked off for having incompetent bartenders.  I'm thinking that this lady was only capable of making whats on the menu and opening beer bottles.  Which when I noticed, was what all the other guys were drinking at the bar I was sitting at.
4	I don't live in Vegas but I have friends there and they clued me onto the Blue Martini. Normally I would never expect to see tourists here. however I would expect to see every kind of local Vegas character you can think of. On a given night you could expect to see a group of people that may look like the channel 4 news team, a crew of gangsters, a set of latin Milfs, and a guy who looks like a pirate (minus the bird on his hsoulder of course).This is a fun place but from my experience the party starts late here. The drinks are strong and this pace is Yelp friendly! They recently had a promo where yelpers could get 25% off your entire bill. They have a stage for live music and this place is pretty big too!
4	I have heard mixed reviews about this place before and when I was invited to go with an old friend I couldn't resist testing it out for myself.On a Saturday night this place is like a human car wash; bar is packed as well as the dance floor. We moved our way to the back smaller bar by the restrooms which was busy, but once a small group of girls left we had premium bar space for the rest of the evening. This place has a very long list of interesting and tasty martinis, even some called "Skinny" that are low on calories. I ordered myself a Cookies and Cream martini that kept me super drunk the rest of the evening. A ridiculously potent concoction with the rim covered in Oreo cookie crumbs. Delicious and it was served quickly and cost $12. Not too bad for a specialty martini. Didn't really take too much heed of the people there as I was with a bunch of friends, but we did take ourselves to the dance floor a few times which was a lot of fun. Decent prices for a wide variety of drinks, the music was great, and the environment was pleasing.
4	My Yelperatzi may not agree with me here, but who cares. I respect their opinions, and they will learn to respect mine.This place really wasn't so bad. Popped in here last night after 2am. Yes, I was sober, so yes, I can judge. Crowd was mixed. Lots of mountain lions more commonly known as cougars. Pete's Dueling Piano Bar (just across the way) closes at 2, so the overflow crowd comes here. My friend ordered a Dirty Martini. I think that means this individual chose to get drunk. I respect that. It looked quite vicious, and came with the shaker for the overflow. Wow. I used the word overflow twice in one paragraph. Who AM I?This music is fun. Your usual top 40 "jams". Apparently there was a cover charge, but my friend and I pretended like we knew what we were doing and walked through the "other side" of the ropes, cuz that's how we roll. Also, I'm kind of a big deal. Ok. Maybe not. But I like to think I am. Don't judge.Outside has a fairly large hookah section with a couple of TV's that show ESPN highlights. Friendly for the gentleman crowd.Fun place to hang out. Club vibe, without it actually being a club. Single women dancing with eachother and making out for attention. (That gave it an extra star. I started writing this with three stars). Worth a visit. I think next up on my Vegas list is Cadillac Ranch. And it really isn't as douchy as my fellow Yelperations say. At least not at 2 in the morning. The party's still jumpin and my momma aint home. (Credit: Snoop Doggy Dogg)
4	Personally as a local, if I had to be dragged out to a club/lounge, I would choose Blue Martini for the following reasons:-Location: It's in TS and I do not have to fight the strip.-Access: Once again, it's in TS and I do not have to fight my way through a casino's parking garage and what not. -Price: Drinks are a little cheaper then the clubs on the strip but not much. -Different: It's where the locals go to party. 9 out of 10 times, I try and convince my out of town club going guests to try this place first before we head to Tao, Tryst etc... Mainly because I am burned out of everything on the strip. (Yes I am selfish)Other then that though, it's your usual Vegas lounge/club atmosphere except with locals.
3	Been to this place a few times when we didn't feel like partying on the strip.  It's located away from the main strip, south of the airport.  It's in a semi new shopping plaza with lots of shops, restaurants, bars, and a movie theatre.  Locals come here to party if they don't feel like going to a casino club and fight to get through long lines and parking.  So coming here is a very good alternative.  Mixed crowd and the age range varies.  Their drinks are cheaper than most of the LV nightclubs/bars.  You can also dance, their resident DJ is pretty good, and they have like two main bars.  I like chillin' in their outdoor patio bar, smoking a cig, and pounding on my drinks.  It's very chill and their staff are all nice.  The men's restroom is pretty cool as well.  Instead of a hand dryer or napkins, you get an actual hand washcloth.  After you're through drying your hands, just dump it in the bin.  Very cool.  Price to get in was $10 and the line was about 10 feet long.  Awesome!  I'd come back here again.
5	I love this place. Great happy hour drinks and food. Last night was my 3rd visit. Went and saw Sex in The City 2 and after we brought our ticket stub in and had free open bar for an hour!!!It is usually very crowded and loud but thats to be expected with a good club. Great place to take visitors b4 hitting the major clubs.
4	Loved it!  I have been in town each week for work for the last five months.  Like many of the people commenting, I am not huge on the strip.  I have mostly avoided it since I have been here since I am in town for serious work, not f*ing around (though I must admit to f*ing around a little bit since I have been here).  Great atmosphere outside on the deck, easy parking and a midweek lack of bazooka-sized slushy drinks, popped collars, completely oblivious gawking and oompa-loompa fake tans.  Just a nice, relaxing atmosphere.We had the lemon drop and standard Sapphire martinis, the Margherita flatbread, caprese salad and the beef tenderloin with the Vesuvius cake.  They were all very good and well presented.The one thing I would say about the place is it has a fairly limited menu.  There are about five pages of drinks and wines to two of food.  Not to be confused with a complaint though.  There were ample choices.As a pseudo/temporary-local, I will be back!
3	For some bizarre reason this has been the "post concert hangout" for my friends and I. Its away from the strip and not really wantin to deal with long lines at the clubs in the casinos. Its usually jumpin on a friday/saturday nights. The Blue Martini Martini is what makes my friends come here. Drink two -three of those puppies you're set for the night. The entertainment varies. Anywhere from coverbands to local music. There was one night where I wanted to jump from the balcony, the music was that bad (Didnt though, I ended up going to Stoneys). I noticed a few faux pas about this place. They've been known to double book gigs at this location. Intentional? highly unlikely, unorganized? likely. The decor is cool for the most part.The service is par. We got our drinks shortly after our arrival. If its a busy night, screw it...Go to the bar!I noticed that alot of people like to be the star on the dance floor. A small dance floor (yikes). But hey, if you're drunk and wanna make a fool of yourself on the stage.Knock yourself out. At least those who are attentive will be entertained.Its ok. Parking is a pain though.
1	A group of us locals that come here often are quiet annoyed of recent changes here. Before, the Blue Martini was a fun weekly hangout for locals. Yesterday, we noticed that the bouncers were being very "selective" in allowing people in. We were a group of Asians dressed in button shirts with dressy adidas shoes on. He told us we weren't allowed in because they were adidas', despite that they were black and dressy shoes and we are locals. He was very rude and in our face about leaving. Yet, right after denying us entry, we saw him let in guys in tshirts and dirty converse shoes. We use to come here often and have spent thousands of dollars here. Never again because this place is getting a snobby strip feel and worst, almost racist feel to it!!! Try Nu Sanctuary instead:)
3	went there friday night... and... i wasnt impressed.- ambiance: nice club/bar feel. kind of loud and dark inside, but it was much better at the outdoor bar- crowd: pretty mixed- service: not once server came by our table - maybe not interested in making any money? we had to go to the bar every time to order our drinks- drinks: i had the cantaloupe martini... maybe i chose the wrong one, but it tasted like crap. all i could taste was the alcohol. i understand that martinis are strong, but this just tasted like orange colored vodka... and not even good vodka- bathrooms: surprisingly clean... but maybe cause it was still early in the night.- music: top 40s
3	I think the best time to go to Blue Martini is during Happy Hour. We came here on a Thursday night and it was pretty packed, but there was also some event going on. We had just missed happy hour and the total for a crown and coke and a sweet tea martini came out to 26 bucks! I think that's pretty expensive considering we weren't at some premium nightclub.The service at the tables was basically non existent and I had to have the bf go to the bar to get our drinks. I like their martinis especially the Mango Madness and the Sweet Tea, but when it's not happy hour I will not be at Blue Martini. =(
2	Mixed feelings. Had a good experience once with a nice bartender...had two bad experiences with two different bartender who looked like they were OVER their job..or were just on their high horse because they worked at "blue martini!"The food is good, and my drinks were always on point...it's all about the service though. If my friends are in town and want to hit a local spot, Blue Martini wont be in the conversation.
1	I ordered my second Grey Goose  Vodka martini....clearly it was the WELL vodka....when I brought it to their attn, they treated me like I was a rookie vokda drinker....I have been drinking good vodka longer than Jen, the bartender has been alive....nice sassy additude Jen....sub-par service .......again! Next time, I will not let clients choose the location!
3	I did a quick skim of the reviews below me. I don't understand the dislike. I've only been to Blue Martini a few times, but I've enjoyed it each time (one of those times, a little too much).We went here last night for a friend's birthday. The place wasn't as packed as the last time I remember. I was surprised to see that there were more girls than guys last night. I'm not sure if that's the norm. I only had one drink - a Caipirinha Martini. I love a good Caipirinha and this martini version tasted pretty good. The live band they had last night was fun to listen to. Their set had a good mix of old and new. I believe they are named after their lead, Gregg Peterson. Unfortunately, after they stopped playing, the music reverted to a generic blend.Obviously, the drinks here are overpriced. You just come to expect that from Vegas. You'd have to show up before 8pm for their happy hour to get a better deal on drinks. I also noticed the 25% Yelp discount thing before I came, but I completely forgot about it last night. On the other hand, it looks like service industry workers can get a wrist band and get half price drinks.
5	If Ever in Vegas this place is a must visit spot, Off the strip in a Victoria Gardens type shopping center The Blue Martini is perfect for your first night stop off the highway into vegas. I thought I had died and gone to Vodka heaven :) It has more than a few bars, indoor and out, a stage raised above the main bar with a live band that plays along as you sing your favorite song. Drinks were great and service was good, I got there at 12:30 PM so I didn't get to eat but they do serve food there also. After the singing is done they have a local Dj Spinning the tunes so you can shake your booty on the dance floor. He was awesome!! Make this place a must visit if in Vegas!!
4	Still a front runner for happy hour drinks and industry appreciation.  Cocktails are awesome, we always end up with 1 or 2 extra martinis down the hatch because they are just so good!  The half naked girls playing violins threw me off one night, but hey, whatever brings them in I guess.  Good flatbread.
4	very popular spot for happy hour. it is off the strip at a shopping center. seats were hard to find during happy hour. food was okay. desert was really good
3	Met some friends here for an after-work drink- or two.  Around 530PM on a Tuesday evening, the place was about half-full and started to get busier as the everning progressed.  Had no problem finding a table and ample seating in the outside patio area.The martinis- included the Mango Madness (the go-to drink for my companions), the Red Apple (tasted like cran-apple more than anything), and the Cookies and Cream (sweet, but delicious, complete with oreo crumb rim).  All were good, strong, and tasty.  Pretty sure you can't go wrong with a 'tini with flavors you like.  These martinis are $12-14 a piece, but since it was happy hour (4-8PM), they were half off.  So at $7 a martini, still a bit spendy, but a nice treat.  And, yes, they do give you the mini shaker to ensure you get your entire beverage- just be sure to not let them take it before you've ensured it's empty.The food-  with food half-off as well, we ordered the BBQ Chicken flatbread (tasty, but mostly bread- more cheese, chicken, sauce please), Spinach-Artichoke dip with Pita chips (pretty tasty), and the Bruschetta (basically chopped tomatos on toasted bread- nothing special).  All of these were regularly around $12 a piece, I believe ($6-ish with happy hour).The service-  good, not great.  Our waitress actually came around a few times, but only when it seemed like she KNEW we wanted to order something.  Annoyingly, the other people working there would come by every 5 minutes to take our plates, drinks, etc., even when we obviously weren't finished.  We found ourselves consolidating a lot, just to give them something to take.All-in-all, with HH the bill was $60 (before tip) for 6 martinis, 3 apps, and a coke.  Pretty decent for some quality beverages and nosh.
3	New to town and met a few locals at Blue Martini. I would've given Blue Martini 3.5 - 4 stars, but...HOW CAN YOU BE OUT OF JAMESON???!   Then again, the joint iiIIiIiis called Blue Martini, hence the crazy massive selection of sweet & fruity martini's.  So I had the mango madness martini.  It was sweet, but came off strong - just like the bartender ;)The vibe was chill, and seems like a cool local spot in Town Square.  I personally dig the live music factor and local feel.I'd come again, but in hopes they restock on regular bar items. Hello?Jameson?!
2	I've been here twice. Both times I was not impressed. The crowd... I would have expected a much younger one to be in attendance, but, it seems as if the place had been taken over by cougars! Eh, not my idea of fun!First time I went with my boyfriend and another female, we sat on the patio. We had a hell of a time finding chairs, seeing as it was happy hour. We finally found a spot, and ordered our drinks from the bar and brought them back to the table. I did a little people watching... it was too early for some people to be drunk, in my opinion, but, then again, it's Vegas... what can you expect? Second time I went was with a few lady friends and a couple guys. This time we went inside. We, once again, struggled to find empty seats and when we finally did, we were starving! We desperately looked through the menu, and honestly, none of the food sounded appealing to me, and on top of that, it seemed a bit pricey. I know it's called Blue Martini, and they specialize in those sorts of mixed drinks, but even most other bars have decently priced, simple, "bar food." Anyway, by the time the waitress came around to take our order, which was 30 minutes after we were seated, we had already decided to ditch! My review may be impaired due to the lack of alcohol in my system, but, I still have to say that IMO this is not a kick-it spot to me.Anyway, my friends and I ended up having a far better time at Stoney's that night, even though we were overdressed!
4	Great place for happy hour with 1/2 price small plates.  Really enjoyed the patio area - definitely worth a visit.  Town Square has some really good restaurants and bars.
4	This was my first time at Blue Martini. I went on a Monday night and entrance was free. They had an impressive rock band in the main bar call the Whispering Giants. Their covers of Kings of Leon and Red Hot Chili Peppers were good. They obviously sell quite a few martini's; over twenty kinds on the menu. We tried 6. My top two from those were the Brazilian (Acai berry martini) good balance of scent, favor, and tartness & there Carmel martini- really good, very sweet. The prices range from 12-14 dollars which is a bit expensive; pay attention to the description of the martini, a few have top shelf liquor on the list of ingredients. You get more quality in some than others. The patio area was nice and not very crowded; nice solid wood chairs, fine counter tops and intimate lighting. Good service and attractive wait staff add to the experience. One thing I enjoyed was that they had a bathroom attendant with all the bells and whistles including linen to wash your hands. Do tip, it shows class and character especially if you're spending already. Those details lead me to believe the restaurant takes themselves seriously. I recommend ordering the fruit and cheese platter -serves 3 and the presentation is a delight. The cost is around 14 dollars but a value especially when split. I would avoid beer - no selection and wine - expensive unless you're a high roller. I saw a few groups doing bottle service. That could be interesting. Until next time.
4	A girl friend and I went here on a Wed. night, which we found out was one of the best nights to go- women get 50% off all drinks after 8. The food was decent- we ordered the cheese plate and bruschettaThe vibe here was hopping, the men were on the older side along with the music. Being a 28 year-old single gal, I knew I wouldn't be meeting anyone I was interested in that night. Overall it was a good night! I would definitely go here again.
2	I've loved going to Blue Martini on a consistent basis. We usually go up to four times a month. Last night we had cousins visiting us in Vegas from out of town, so we took them to Blue Martini for some drinks before dinner. It seemed clear that BM was cutting back in response to the economy. The happy hour special changed from 50% off to 40% off and we all agreed that the fruity specialty drinks we ordered seemed watered down with little to no alcohol. We usually stay for several rounds of drinks & even get some food, but after being immediately underwhelmed with the first round, we packed it up & went next door. What a disappointing change.
4	They have a pretty good Happy Hour. If you come during other times, the drinks are a little pricey. I was there on a Wednesday night, which is LADIES NIGHT, so we got all our drinks half off. Their Martinis are a good deal. For $7, you get the martini and the shaker they make it in, and it will refill your glass 3 more times!! So it's really like buying 3 drinks for the price of one. Also, if you're a student and a female, bring your ID for a special card which will give you ONE FREE DRINK every time you come in :) I think that's pretty cool. The atmosphere was fun, but it's not good if you want to have a decent conversation with your friends because you can't hear anything over the music. But it's fun if you want to shake it on the dance floor and just grab a couple drinks.
2	Cheap happy hour, good location, ok food, ok drinks, awful service. 7 of 8 visits the service was terrible. Go check out the crowd, grab a drink then go anywhere else for a nice evening.
1	Ok I'll start with the door. When if first opened they didn't have some tool standing there like its a night club checking to see if your ok to come in. The drinks are poor at best, they never can make there cocktails the sameway twice so everytime you order from one bartender to the next the drink will never be the same. Over priced on there sugared down martini's (I don't know about you but I dont care for 2 cups of sugar in my drinks). Its sad that a place like this still survives in a city with some of the best Chefs and Bartenders in the world living in it. I would rather pay more for a drink someone put time into they just slaps it all together and calls it a great cocktail. Food there is ummmmmm.... that's right your not going to find much there that you can't get a Yard house.
2	Blue Martini is okay, there's nothing incredibly special about it. Being seated took a long time (we had bottle service), the waitresses took forever to place our orders and then bring them out. I ordered the BBQ Chicken Flatbread and it was decent but came out cold. My mom ordered the beef meal and her was cold and under seasoned. Whatever, we can deal. Drinks came. I had a lapse of judgement and ordered the oreos martini. Way too sweet for my liking. It was crowded and people looked like they were having a good time. We only came here to get started and left around 12. Although my experience wasn't terrible, I just don't feel the need to come back.
2	With the exception of the atmosphere, there are better places to spend your money. In the early days this place was a lot of fun to hang out with friends. Now they have gotten to be quite arrogant!! There's a dress code after 7:30 with some guy at the front telling you you can't wear this or that like you're trying to get into some exclusive nightclub!Last time I went will probably be the last, they wouldn't let some late arriving friends in because they were wearing shorts (still nicely dressed) it was only 100+ degrees out...in Vegas...give me a break.Only thing saving a one star rating is their 1/2 off industry card, but until they chill a bit on the attitude, not going back!
4	My friend and I went here on Wednesday around 9pm only to find that it was Ladies Night!  What does this mean?  Half off drinks all night for Ladies!  YES!  If it wasn't Wednesday, their happy hour is from 4-8, which has to be one of the best in Vegas, as most of the happy hours stop at 7pm.It wasn't packed in the BM when we got there, so we got a table right in front of the bar.  Ordered a Skinny Bitch (only 45 calories!) and watched as the band setup shop for the night.  The band was pretty decent but made it extremely loud in the bar, to the point, my friend and I were yelling at each other.  I ordered a Cherry Martini and fell in love with it.  It tasted like you just ate a cherry out of the jar.  So good!Someone had rented out the back part of BM for a birthday party (I wonder how much that costs?  Looked like fun!)I've been to the BM on a Saturday and hated it as it took forever to get a drink. I think I will only venture to the BM on Wednesdays!
3	Depending on the night, this place can be a pretty good  place to just chill and hang out with friends.I don't really eat when I go here, but the few dishes I've tried were pretty good. With the large martini menu, everyone can find something here.I don't appreciate the strict dress code. Stop taking yourselves so seriously. You are a bar...in a mall. I understand you don't want hobo-looking people right off the street, but come on.I mainly don't think of coming here because of the prices. It's ridiculously expensive. The only redeeming factor is when I got a hospitality card that gives me 50% off food and drink all the time. If you go here, def take advantage of the happy hour when everything is half off. That's when it's worth it.
4	Dang you Vegas. Even off the strip you're awesome. Why can't there be awesome places like this in San Jose! They have tried miserably and failed....Boyfriend said this is a place where a lot of the locals go. And with good reason! It was poppin on the Saturday night that I graced Blue Martini with my prescense. LOL.It was much bigger than I expected.. I always pass by it but never realized how big it was. There's a nice outdoor area, nice bar areas, and a super crowded dance floor. Although it was crowded, everyone was having sweaty fun!The only thing I hate... the trance/techno/house music that comes on around closing time. Sorry all you trance techno house music lovers. Just not my preference.The drinks were good. I got an AMF. Strong. Not so tasty. But that's how they usually taste right?I would definitely come out here to party it up and hang out with good friend. Drinks. Food. Music. OUTDOOR AIR. I LOVE IT!
5	Blue Martini is great especially if you're looking for a chill spot to hang out where you don't have to wait in a line or have to buy a bottle to sit at a table.  Bartenders are good, cocktail servers are good and the music is not bad.  Different nights different themes of course.  They have an indoor area with a live band and/or DJ and an outdoor area.  I heart BLUE!** get your hospitality card industry workers for 1/2 off everything!
3	I honestly do not have much to say about the place. They offer a very extensive menu of martinis (hence the name). Seating is pretty much first come first serve. It is an ok place to hang out on the weekends and evenings (if you need an after-work drink). But I do not like how the place seems like it is trying to be a club. This place should be more lounge setting and not "trying to be a club"
1	I am from Miami, Florida where you can find most of the Blue Martini's Bars. I never had any bad experience with any of the Blue Martinis here in Florida. I love las Vegas! but Las Vegas Blue Martini, they are a joke! I went there with my boyfriend because I read that supposedly now it is a local hot spot but we couldn't enter just because our outfit!  We didn't went with tshirts and flip flops. It is like the other girl's review its a BAR!!!!! in a Mall. Come on! I do not want to sound arrogant but we have a clear fashion sense! My boyfriend who is a model went with a style fashion tennis that for sure the door man want them to have but he didn't allow the entrance just because my boyfriend didn't have a fancy shoes. We went to other hot places like TAO, Ghost Bar at Palms, Lavo,Jet! which they are NIGHTCLUBS and my boyfriend went with the similar outfit (fashion tennis) and we did not have any problem with the entrance. Actually  he received a lot of compliments from the door guys of those places. I think that the Blue Martini staff should modify the strict code or at least give to the door guys some fashion lessons to teach them how to recognize a good outfit from a bad outfit. We were just a nice couple that wanted to have some drinks and have good time in the supposedly local hot spot. Do not ruin the locals reputation with these poor impressions. I think they lost and they will keep losing from others customers like us. We still love LAS VEGAS!!
4	Looking for an "off the strip" place to hang out at? I'd make this an option. The drinks are way less expensive than the strip, the service is good. Call in if you have a big group because you might save more with a $100 bottle service. The band, most of the time hits the note. I wish they would  bring back the band that plays mostly 90's songs... It's close to the strip - but far enough to be a local spot. The first year this was open, it was great because I could connect with my 20's and 30's crowd. But for some reason, the geriatrics found the place. And all I see are cougars and dirty old men. Shame on me - but shame on them too. It's halfway a bar, lounge and well, don't call it a club. Their security acts like it is though. Anyways - don't come here alone lest be prayed upon by your moms and dads friends looking for young blood to hook up with. Dont get me wrong, if you're coming with a group - you'll have fun. The selection of martinis are as good as the selection of beer that Yard House has below and the selection of license plates that The Cadillac Ranch has next door - with that being said: If you don't like the crowd here, go to Yard House or Cadillac Ranch.
5	I go to Vegas to visit friends about 4 times a year and no matter what the season is the BLUE MARTINI is the place to be! I love the different types of martinis they have. They have indoor and outdoor seating. We usually sit outside. Even during the summer they have the misters that mist water to keep it cool. They have happy hour mon-fri from 4pm-8pm.  They servers are sexy ladies. The drinks are strong. They restaurant is clean and they even have an attendant in the bathroom. The Blue Martini is located in the town square on the south side of las vegas blvd. Check it out!
5	Came here again on Saturday night for a HH drink before we went to Kabuki. It was packed as usual but we found seat at the inside bar. The bartender was awesome. I told her to surprise me with a drink. She made me a yummy lemon drop. It had a sugar rim and was the perfect drink. It's like she read my mind. And it was only 6 bucks! Love that!!
4	I love this place. It's very spacey and roomy. My girlfriends and I usually come here after having dinner at the sushi restaurant downstairs. I love the variety of martinis that they have. I usually get the skinny bitch martini (under 25 calories!!)... It's super delicious with blueberry in it! They usually have a live band. Gets busy but not super crowded.
3	Came here to pre-party before clubbing. It's a locals spot I guess since a local did actually introduce me to this place. 2 words: BLUE MARTINI. omg... F*ed me over. It was really strong. From what I remember it was a chill spot. Everything else is a bit blurry.
4	I've been to Blue Martini twice. The first time, I hated it. I went on a saturday night, and it took over half an hour to find someone to serve us food. The crowd was annoying, and when we finally found somewhere to sit, it was hidden in the back. It was full of people trying too hard.The second time... GOOD TIMES! Went on a friday during happy hour, around 6 o'clock, sat right at the bar. The crowd was more chill since it seemed to be more of the local "hey I just got out of work lets get a half ff martini" crowd. The bartender was nice, quick and friendly. My friend and I ended up sitting at the same spot til 11pm! It was alot of fun. If you're gonna go, go at happy hour from 4-8, drinks half off! And more laid back crowd.
2	Horrible Service. It took 15 minutes to get a server.The Lobster Tacos are pretty good, especially when you have a 50% off service industry card, which my friend did.Specialty Cocktails are good. That's the extent of that.If you request a classic cocktail however, like let's say an Old Fashioned? Well THOSE are knockout delicious! but you just might have to wait an extra 5 minutes while your bartender searches for some bitters.
3	Don't really clubDon't drink martinisso why did we go to the Blue Martini?  Why does anyone living in Las Vegas ever venture to the strip?  Company!  We had originally planned on going to Grape which has closed, sadly.  So as a non-clubber/martini drinker I have to give this place 3 stars.  What I didn't like:Good lordy..i'm 55 and brought the average age down by my presence. I swear Betty White walked by at lest 3 times.  Ok it was lady's night.  it went from 0 to unmovable between 630pm -700pm.  Luckily we were there at 6pm and had a table. What I did like: The bartender rocked it.  Made me the best Bloody Mary I've had in Vegas..he even indulged me and put cucumbers in it so it was like a gazpacho with vodka.  YUM.  My Euro friends were fascinated with the diversity of the crowd.  after an hour of shouting at each other we gave it, and our much sought after table, up.  I'd go back in a heartbeat for another one of those delicious Bloody Marys.
3	eh. i've only come here late at night so i haven't had their food or been there for happy hour but i hated the staff. they were rude and all looked miserable. the drinks were good and priced a little above average. not the worst place ever but i wont bother going there again with lolitas right next to it
3	If you are lucky enough to get a server within 20 minutes, go ahead and pre order everything you want for the night, because usually there will be no server in sight or you have to wait forever to get your stuff... seriously.If it wouldnt be for the BEST martinis anywhere, I wouldnt go here.
3	I do like the interior design of this place. But the crowd seem kind of old for my taste. The dance floor seems small but this place is good for dates I think.
4	Ok so everyone is always talking about Blue Martini when I'm in Vegas.  So I finally tried it along with my girlfriend and I have to say it was a good time.It's in the Townsquare shopping center which I like anyways, so it's super convenient and you don't have to deal with the crazy strip crowd.  It was a friday night though so it was kind of busy.We both got free drink tickets downstairs from some guy that works there so that was cool...and they let us use them on kettleone martinis so that was another plus.  All of the open tables were marked "reserved" which was confusing but then they let us sit there??  Weird but whatever.We ordered the tuna, chicken and bruschetta and shared everything, but it came out in like 5 minutes, which always makes me feel rushed.  I like to enjoy my nights out with cocktails and friends though so it could have taken longer--not like they wanted us to eat and leave, or maybe they just microwave everything?So the bill came and I almost died it was so inexpensive I thought it was a mistake!  I asked the waitress and she told me it was Happy Hour and that everything was 50% off, plus our drinks were free:)   Love love love it.We would have stayed longer but the crowd wasn't that exciting to creep on and I didn't want to have another cocktail when I was driving so we left, but I would totally go back next time I'm out with a gf in Vegas:)
3	Crowd was....lets say different. I felt like i was at an after party for a soccer game, and the game was Mexico vs. Mexico
4	Is this place spectacular?  Not even close.  But it is consistent.  Blue Martini offers great discounts.  Ladies, make sure you have your VIP card.  This place has a great patio, really good martinis (which are very affordable at happy hour), consistently good servers and usually a good atmosphere.  I've been to Blue Martini a lot.  It's a great place to start the night because their happy hour really can't be beat.  Most of the food and drinks are half price and although the food is NOT awesome, it is tolerable and BM makes up for the mediocre food with their martinis.  I love a good martini and with a few exceptions, BM has great martinis.My favorite martinis are the Dirty Bird and Sweet Tea martini.  I still have a lot to try, but I can tell you to avoid the Grape at all costs unless you really like Dimetapp.  As for the food, the flatbread pizzas and bruschetta are passable.  The odd thing about this place is that certain days it's a much older crowd and certain days its a mid-20s, early-30's crowd.  One caveat: I like the front bar and patio area.  The other area gets incredibly loud and hot when the band is playing.  I strongly suggest a few visits before you decide whether you love it or hate it!
2	Way better places to go for the prices they ask!
5	My friends and I love this place. Great for a Saturday night when you don't feel like going to a club. Wednesday nights are really packed too because it's ladies night (all the guys show up) but the other nights are much slower (boring). Ladies can get a free VIP card on Wednesday nights which entitles them to a FREE Van Gogh vodka martini or cocktail EVERY TIME THEY COME TO THE BAR. Just show your VIP card and ID at the door and they will give you a coupon. They have 8 million martinis to pick from which are all excellent. The Pomegranate and the Palm Beacher are my favorites. They recently added quite a few new ones too. If you go during happy hour, which 4-8 every day, drinks and food are half price. This puts the martinis at $6-7. If you are lucky enough to score an industry card you get half off all the time. Tons of people have them who are not really in the industry, so figure out a way to get one. You should never have to pay full price here. Note: they don't have Corona. Sad face. Lots of times if you're sitting at a table your service will suck, so just go to the bar and order your drink there. The food is pretty good for a bar but I wouldn't advise going there for dinner or make the food the reason you're there. The lives bands are good, but I really wish they would just stop all that and only have the DJ. If you sit inside you can't hear what anyone is saying over the loud band music. They usually do covers. I think the DJ usually comes around 11. There is a dance floor but seems like the only people who use it are there for a bachelorette party or else it's old people who somehow stumbled to Town Square from the strip. The bathroom is very nice and the attendant is always cool. Parking kind of sucks because you're at Town Square so you can't get a close spot, but there is always valet. Blue has a nice outdoor patio. Bottle service is good if you have a group and we have tons of bday parties here. Dress nice folks, this isn't the Cadillac Ranch. Plus how are you going to attract a mate if you look like a slug? Girls do come here in hopes of meeting guys, so feel free to buy us drinks. It's open till 4, which is fantastic.
4	Came here on Saturday night (1/1/2011), good crowd and music... We were lucky to find a small table right away... Too bad it was too cold to enjoy the outside patio.... Its a nice place to hang out and people watch and also enjoy strong martini's.  Their drink's are very pricey, but it is good and worth it.  They have a big variety of different martini's to choose from and they serve your martini with the shaker so you can fill your glass another time.  Our server was very nice and attentive and they are all good looking too.. Hint---check into yelp and you may also see a 25% off discount for your tab too or check into 4square and you can get a free drink ticket....Just show the hostess and she will give you a complimentary cocktail pass...which is good for a drink...saves you a good $10-15, because that's the average price of 1 martini.I went there with 2 others and we had the mango, almond joy, pomegranate, caramel apple, and peach martini and they were all delicious!!! If you have a sweet tooth, definitely go for the almond joy martini, the glass is rimmed with coconut flakes...Even though this is way off the strip (located at the town square) it was worth the $20 taxi ride to get away from the madness on the strip...I will definitely be back.. They need to open one of these in SoCal..
4	I ventured here (okay I was dragged) one Friday night when some out of town coworkers were visiting. My first impression was that it was a really nicely decorated meat market. We couldn't find a table outside so we retreated to the indoor area. The decor is very lively and, after a drink or two becomes quite enchanting. I let the company do the ordering and since it was happy hour they ordered food as well as drinks. The dirty martini I had inspired me to make it my new favorite drink. I order it everywhere I go now. Yummy salty heaven! We had some smoked salmon quesadillas that were small but delish. The other appetizers weren't memorable, but I didn't dislike any of it. After 4 of us had 2 drinks each and shared 3 appetizers our bill was still under $50. Gotta love happy hour prices!!! I will definitely return when I need a happy hour fix and am in the Town Square area.
3	Came here with a friend who was also in town. It was a Wednesday night, which is Ladies Night, meaning half off drinks. Half off drinks?? We couldn't resist. Power to the vag!Anyways.. this place was paaaacked. Couldn't even find a place to sit at the bar. Wandered around.. nothing really interesting. Got a free sample shot of vodka from some waitresses walking around. There was a live cover band playing, which was cool. Finally found a table, sat, drank some more, ordered some spinach dip (which was really good, btw), and just kinda people watched. I'd say the crowd was more mid-20s - mid 30s.. a little older than us early 20ers.Probably would've been more fun if we had gone with more people. Overall, nice place.
4	I have to say I consider my self a "bar" girl as opposed to a "club" girl. I have been to Blue Martini many times and can say I've never had a bad experience. I really don't like loud, crowded, trendy establishments but I can't help but to go back again and again. Their Happy Hour (4pm-8pm) is awesome, especially if your a female and carry a VIP card (allows 1 free cocktail everyday during happy hour).  I've tried almost every martini on their menu and they were all very tasty, especially if you like sweet drinks. I've also tried most of their food menu...delicious and they don't skimp on food. Service is always fast and friendly even with the crowds.
2	Drinks are very good, but on the pricey side when it is not happy hour $12 - $20 during prime time. The food is tasty and although the menu is very limited they make it up in quality. I would rate them higher but every time I have gone they take absolutely forever to bring drinks even while sitting at the bar and waiting for your check can be a eternity. The door staff are extremely limited in the brains department and not informed when they host special events so make sure you plan ahead if you are attending a function or meeting a group.
4	very chill spot. Got full VIP treatment since my gf's cousin knows the ppl that run this place. Good ppl, good drinks, enough to enjoy a night out with a love one.
3	Still a very fun place to go to off the strip in Las Vegas.Although not as hot as it was 2 years back, one of their strengths is being located at the town center in Las Vegas which has some nice shops and even better restaurants. Blue Martini is a cool place to go to for a drink after dinner with friends.Last time i went was on a Monday and there was a country band playing in the main room. Outside was still okay playing hip hop and top 40.Wednesday for ladies night is still their best night
5	Happy Happy Happy hour!  I love to go here with my sister, friends, and husband.   Food is phenomenal considering the price, and the martinis are amazing.  Everything is half off during happy hour (like everyone else says), and the atmosphere is very nice: modern, dimly lit, a great place to relax from a stressful work week.  It's one of my favorite places to hang out and catch up with my sister.  I'll go here at least twice a month, I'd go more if I didn't care about splurging on calories.  I seriously have nothing negative to say about this place.  Perfect location in town square, what better way to wrap up a nice day of shopping than martinis and yummy miniature dishes?  Among my favorites martinis are (choco fan here): Espresso martini, Smores martini (big marshmallows on a skewer), triple chocolate martini, and one I forget the name of that is a blend of espresso and dark chocolate (on right side of menu).  I can usually only stand to have two because they are so strong- NOT complaining!
3	it is crowded here on friday nights! didn't have too bad of a time finding a table though. service was a bit slow, seemed like our waitress was responsible for a lot of tables though. they have a nice selection of specialty martinis. i had the mango mojito martini...really tasty but could have used more alcohol. pricey, but worth it. my friends ordered the chocolate martini- very strong, but tasty, and the patron pomerita- also very good. for food we ordered the spinach & artichoke dip, margharita flatbread pizza, and seared tuna. pretty yummy dishes. it was just enough to share between 3 people and not be overly stuffed. a little bit of an older crowd, but everyone was having a good time. the live band was great!
3	Good happy hour.  Definitely the best and maybe only time to go.  This place has to have the LV Yelp record for most reviews with the word DOUCHE in it.  Hilarious!!You do get quite the bang for your buck with the $7 martinis at happy hour.  Its almost like 2 for one since the shaker still has a lot of drink left.
5	What can I say about this place except that "I love it". I visit there every time I'm in Vegas and I'm never disappointed. Just like the name, the Martinis are amazing. I've had the cookies n creamtini, peartini, & appletini, and they were worth their weight in gold.The venue puts our regular deals through groupon.com and livingsocial.com, so you should keep an eye out for them if your wanting to try the place out for the first time.Wednesday nights are ladies night, and Friday & Saturday nights turn into a night club. They start off with a band playing then a DJ takes over to finish the night off**Make sure to get there before 11pm on the weekends as that's when  they start to charge a $20pp cover feeThe place is inside TownSquare located in the back of the center and in front of the Rave movie theater upstairs, so park in the back lot.They also have happy hour everyday from 4-8, which is also a nice added bonus. I recommend the lobster salad and the cheese/fruit place for sharing.
4	my very first experience inside a bar/club was at blue martini halloween night. i was very reluctant on going, but im glad i did.i went with a group of 10 and we were lucky enough to get a table without reserving one earlier. everyone who worked there was very nice and funny. they had a costume contest and my cousin won second place! the vibe is great, the people are nice, the drinks are good, the music was great. plus, there was no cover charge! i thought the bottle service was pretty pricey, but i was the only who thought that. ;P it's a great place and a hang out staple for most of my cousins.and i hear they have a reggae night every week.
3	I have  a love / hate relationship with this place. I've never been a big fan of the atmosphere here. I can't really pinpoint what I don't like about it, but all I know is that every time someone suggests going there I feel disappointed. On most occasions, I end up enjoying myself quite a bit. I think it's due to a combination of positives that this place has going for itself. Great Happy Hour, Industry and Ladies specials (50% off drinks and appetizers).For the most part, I've had a good time on my last few excursions here so I guess I'm getting over the my dislike. Sorta.Try the key lime martini. It's my favorite! They have hookah here too as of late, which is a nice addition.
3	Thump, Thump, Thump....yea, the persistent bass pumping from this classy adult mating environment is mixed perfectly with the gorgeous bodies parading and nectar of the Gods being served.  Blue Martini is a great hot-spot for those wanting to be "seen."  It's a great place to go after work with friends and coworkers. If you go with a group, plan on arriving early.  At least you can get some tables...always in short supply later on in the evening...and if you get there early enough there is no cover.
4	I love the Town Square location and have been a patron since it first opened.  I've been familiar with Blue Martini since it opened in Orlando and the one here in Vegas is just a nice.Blue Martini is often a very popular bar so if you intend on going make sure you get there before 10pm.  Otherwise, be prepared to stand, shoulder to shoulder with other patrons desperate to find a chair or table.Blue Martini is a great locals bar and while the menu lacks a diverse selection of appetizers or entrees, what is on the menu is typically much better than your average bar food.Lastly, guys make sure you wear dress shoes else you'll be heading someplace else for your drinks.  Blue Martini frowns upon sneakers so dress nicely.
2	One word for you: Yikes!!! This is a MILF bar in a mall to begin with. Double strike for me. So if that's your thing, you'll be in heaven. Overpriced mess of a place overall.I've been here three times to really make up my mind and each time I ask for "well" drinks the bartenders end up pouring me Grey Goose or Van Gogh and then when the check comes they pretend that that's what they heard me say. Last time all I had was two double vodka soda "well" drinks and got a bill for 45 bucks cos the bartender poured Chopin. It's a really dumb scam and I've fought it each time. Just be on the lookout for it.
4	I love Blue Martini and am surprised it has gotten poor reviews.  Also, it's always very crowded.The location is great, if your a local it's a great place to go out off strip.  Also wonderful for some happy hour shopping (dangerous!).  The place is pretty big and extends far out to the back.  The have an outside patio area which is great on those cool nights.  They have a stage which has live music on the weekends (Not sure about during the week).  Drinks:  AWESOME DRINKS!  I love their selection, it makes me want to try everything.  My favorite is the Bazillion, lychee and melon.  For you non vegans, they have candy bar drinks which look good, but more like a milkshake for my taste.  The price isn't too bad, especially if you end up here during happy hour.  Love this place, my only complaint is it gets crowded, so if you have a larger party you want to come ahead of time, or have someone come stake out seats..it gets packed fast.Go BLUE MARTINI!
5	Went here last night, had the Pomegranate with a few friends. Quality bartenders, quality service, great atmosphere...good times at an awesome place.
2	Uh, WHY are there so many cops around in this club? Like literally, cops are standing EVERYWHERE! I'm not joking. This place is pretty cool, but the cops need to go elsewhere. They really cramp up the style in this place. You figure since it's Las Vegas they'd have a better place to patrol, or...crime to fight somewhere else? Felt like the entire Las Vegas Police Dept was in the building. It made me feel uncomfortable for some reason. The music was great, the environment is awesome. It's an inside and outside bar. Outside is a hookah lounge, and inside is the club. Too bad the cops totally killed it for us. So we left.
5	My friend introduced me to this place in Oct before school started. Town Square reminds me of Ala Moana shopping center in Honolulu. We've gone here a couple of times since we hate driving to the strip and it's closer to the I-215. NEVER go here on a Friday night since everyone is getting off work. The blue martini signature drink looks just like ADIOS. For $6 during happy hour, you will only need just ONE. Again, this drink is definitely a creeper, so beware. Also try the shrimp cocktail and bruschetta. We can't wait for spring so that we can sit again outside the patio!
4	Better for those who prefer swanky, chill and lounge-ier scene. Heated outdoor bar in an island/villa type setup on the 2nd floor. More private which is another plus. Love the food, great happy hours. If you're looking for beer YardHouse is a better fit.
3	Went here last night with a huge group of coworkers. The drinks and food were priced right at happy hour, I wouldn't pay full though. Our main complaint was we never got a server. Ever. We asked FOUR different people for one. As it was we each individually went up to the bar and ordered food, waited for it and returned to our table. Definitely put a cramp in our hanging out together. We got a hookah for the table and the hookah girl was around every ten minutes, which is really sad that she was so attentive and we couldn't order a drink to save our life. We had bussers (?) come around trying to take plates and glasses...and trying to grab them when we weren't anywhere near done. Oh and the bar lost my credit card twice, I had to go find the actual bartender I handed it to and ask for it back. So I give a good rating for the food and drinks, but the service was Horrendous. Awful. But high five to the hookah girl, she rocked my socks.Edit: I returned last night with my sister and her boyfriend. The bartender was so nice and accommodating I'm upping my review a star. Also, someone came by and lit our fire without us even asking which was cool. The bartenders name was Conitra. Even though she was busy she gave me great service every time I went and I was impressed with how well she handled the busy bar.
3	The only good thing about this place is the interior.  *small dance floor*hit or miss crowd, mostly miss*cocktail servers are too busy flirting to remember your table, and I wasn't the only table that noticed it too that night*DJ wasn't that great*food was okWed night is ladies night and they charge guys $20 to get in, even locals.  You kidding me? I will never pay to get in this place!I still come here often when there is nothing to do, just to chill with friends.  I never expect anything great from this place but if it wasn't located in Town Square, I wouldn't be here.
3	This place gets 3 stars due to their yummy drinks and great happy hour specials. My favorite has to be the S'mores. So deadly. Food is okay and the only thing I really like is the fruit and cheese platter. You can't really go wrong with cheese. Ohm nom nom! If you're looking for a chill time, don't come later in the evening..as in 7pm and on. I prefer coming a little earlier as it's easy to get a place to sit and you don't wait too long getting your drinks/food. When it gets busy, it's hard to walk around, hard to find a place to sit, hard to get a drink etc. I guess I can't expect too much from a bar but it's frustrating. Atmosphere has changed over the years. I used to come here and see people in my age range but now its mostly 40+. No matter what your age, I wouldn't come here to meet somebody if I were you because there are TONS of creepsters hanging around, hitting on whoever, no matter their age. Gross.Also, after 8, they start checking ID's which isn't a big deal but at that time they also enforce a "dress code." As a female, I've never run into any problems but I've had a guy friend denied because he wasn't wearing the right kind of shoes. Um, okay? Who's paying attention to anyone's shoes anyways?
2	Whenever I have guy friends in town, and they ask me where's a good place to pick up chicks... I send them here. Wall-to-wall Vegas girls stumbling around in their slutty finest, guzzling sickly sweet giant martini-shaped alcoholic aberrations involving shit like marshmallows and copious amounts of various syrups. Scoring here is like shooting fish in a barrel! You can't go wrong! And if you get bored, there are plenty of other drunk-local-trim-packed bars nearby, all comfortably nestled within stumbling distance in the safe, Valium-chic fakeness that is Town SquareFor the ladies, I'd recommend this place if you like super sweet ginormo-tinis and hordes of local douchebags on the prowl for puss. Good luck!
3	Martinis are good - as long as you get them half price.  Lots of opportunity for that with happy hour, hospitality industry incentives, and ladies night.  There are about 40 choices ranges from light refreshing pear to creamy dessert type almond joyI had a mango mojito on my last visit. Soooo syrupy sweet I couldn't even drink it.  I asked the bartender for some lime juice to try to balance it out and he holds up a bottle of roses?!?!? How can you serve mojitos, margaritas, and 40 types of martinis and not carry lime juice??? weird.Always busy.  Great, upbeat vibe.  Little to no dance floor space.Don't bother eating here.  The food is not good.  Everything is mediocre at best.  If you are looking for an upbeat, drama free night out, head on over.  If you are looking for a lovely three martini afternoon on a patio overlooking the park...this is your place.
1	Vodka tonic came  to me as a vodka and club soda. Perhaps it gets less sad and pathetic sometime after midnight (when I left). But, it really didn't look very promising.
4	Fun spot almost always packed and good happy hour
4	I like it! This place is definitely a locals spot, which is what I have been looking for!  Wednesdays are ladies night and ladies actually drink for FREE from 9pm-11pm (or something like that).  This place has a neat atmosphere.  They have a large patio area with Hookah service.  Inside is a lounge area (also neat atmosphere, except on saturdays when their attempt at making a dance floor kind of sucks).  Great thing about this place: If you work in the industry (waiter, work at a casino, etc) you can get a industry card and wristband anytime you visit Blue Martini.  This wristband gets your half off all drinks and food!  Awesome, right?  I thought so.  Anyway, I am definitely a fan of this place and will continue to visit.
2	The only time it is justifiable to go to the Blue Martini is during happy hour and even then the wait sometimes makes it not worth the half price martinis. One birthday, I thought it would be a great idea to try half of their martinis in one night. The signature blue martini is delicious, if you like an AMF, you would love this drink. Most of their martinis are just variations of mixed drinks. The only one that I would suggest avoiding is the Almond Joy because the coconut irritated my throat. The food here is nothing special. If you can hold out, go to Yardhouse for dinner and beer at their happy hour. Remember, beer before liquor never been sicker. Liquor before beer, you're in the clear.
3	Went there last night, on a Wednesday... good amount of local people.  Music was good inside (Hip hop) and outside (trance).  It's good to go with a bunch of people.  Ladies free cover charge, guys $20 for covercharge.  Which I thought was a little too high for the guys.  Drinks are also high... budlight $8 and long island $16 not including tip.  Then again ladies half off drinks on wednesday nights.  Small dance floor, mostly tables and chairs. So overall, 4 stars for ladies, 2 stars for guys.
4	Located in the Town Square mall it is a very clean and simple place. Live bands, food, and drinks, and also i believe they had a hookah bar on the back patio area. Drinks are average priced but ide stick to happy hour as it is cheaper. Im not sure of the dress code i want to say collard shirt and black shoes no sneakers so be weary of what you wear. Definitely seemed like more of a local crowd then a tourist crowd which is great. There is abundant parking as it is located within the mall located near the theater. It is also very spacious and smoke free as well. You may only smoke on the outside patio bar where the hookahs i saw are also located. Definitely a nice place to just sit and relax but not for the casually dressed.
4	Like the Wednesday and Thurs atmosphere.  Just wish it wasn't hard to get the hospitality card now.
4	Good mojito's and seared ahi tuna. By the time we got here I had enough of my family and wasn't in a superb mood, but the food and drinks were really good. And by the time I left there I was buzzed enough to not give a $hit. :) Thanks Blue Martini for making me care less about my families behavior.
3	This is the place all the cougars come out to play. The drinks here are stiff and the d-bags are SUPER annoying. The ONLY redeeming factor here (and it's a pretty solid one) is the live music. The live band is AWESOME!!! This place otherwise is your run-of-the-mill get slutty, go out and get drunk spots. At least all the times I've gone I didn't have to pay cover. I think I still would rather go to the strip though.
3	Latin nights, Thursday nights!! :D Well I had the pleasure of attending a Latin night on Thursdays. This place was so packed, like over capacity. The crowd is definitely over 25+. The drinks, as always, are ridiculously over priced as expected- Take shots, you're better off. But at least the music is good- Salsa, Reggaton, Bachata, Rock en Espanol, you name it- they got it- Latin style :D The only bummer is that their dance floor is TEENY-TINY! How are you supposed to get down Latin style with no room to spin around? No bueno. They even have a live band- which is OK- I think they switch up the band every so often because I went once before and the band was awesome, so I guess it just depends. LADIES ARE FREE, and I believe it's $10 for local guys, $20 for other. For their specialty drinks, you will spend around $9-$16, for shots I believe around $7-$12... I not a huge martini drinker but I always get the Raspberry Bikini Martini- Its OK :) Overall, I think this place is an OK spot to hang out. I would rather much dance at a place with a larger dance floor but you gotta love the crowd and lovely people :b
3	While I can easily give BM two stars for the previous times I was here (in which customer service was horrendous, especially at the entrance), I decided to give it three for the sake of Latin Night on Thursday nights. I'm not sure if industry night is every night or if it's just Thursdays, but my group and I were able to get blue wristbands that could get us drinks for 50% off. Not bad of a deal, considering while most of their drinks are mediocre at best, their mojitos are pretty good (we all got different flavors: regular, raspberry, watermelon, mango! Yum!)Their dance floor is little to non-existent, but I couldn't help dancing at our table to latin beats. Latin Nights seem to generate the crowds, and I have to admit their music is pretty good and upbeat. There was a live band, in which of course they themselves were mediocre and nothing entirely special (mainly did covers of top 40 songs). The food was a little bland; we ordered the spinach artichoke dip, chicken, beef, and rice plates, and they lacked considerable flavor to them. I would recommend people hitting up BM for Latin Nights on Thursday nights, seeing as how I had a great time with the music and company despite how everything else was plain jane.
2	I wish I had a half-star I could use here. 2.5 sounds perfect. There's a lot of good going for Blue Martini. So let's start with that.INDUSTRY SPECIALS! These people know how to treat those hard working strip workers. After a hard day (or hard day's night) of dealing with moron tourists (if you're not offended by that, you're not one of them), you head on over to Blue Martini and get a whopping 50% off your bill. Thank you, sir, may I have another.The drinks are fairly good too. Not too weak, not too strong. It's like Goldilocks found Baby Bear's liquor cabinet. Juuuuuuuust right.I hear the food is decent too, but we didn't have any.Here's the problem though: my friend and I who went tonight are both 21+x years old (where x is less than 8). Yet when we went in, we felt really really young.Really young.Like, it shouldn't be called Blue Martini. It should be called Cougar Martini. There was more plastic surgery in there than Joan Rivers and Cher COMBINED. Those who hadn't had it done looked like Magda. (Ryan, did you just make a "There's Something About Mary" reference? Yup.)And the music was lame. There was this godawful cover band playing, and when they finally said they were going to play something "original" it wound up being a fun little ditty called "Please Don't F*ck With My Heart." So charming. Where's Simon Cowell when you need him?Am I being too harsh? Too bad. When I go to a bar or lounge or club, I need good atmosphere and strong drinks. The drinks were okay but the atmosphere was terrible. But 50% off everything, can't beat that. So I'm not boycotting it, I'm just not going out of my way to go.
3	We went here for happy hour before we left for the airport.  Since it was a beautiful afternoon, we sat outside on their patio, which was a great people watching spot. The drinks were fairly alright.  My friend ordered the Skinny Bitch which tasted like cough medication.  URGH..for "under 250 calories," I rather just drink water.  But when in a place with an alcoholic name, one must order a drink. I ordered the Mango Mojito, and enjoyed it!  It was served in an over-sized snifter; and, surprisingly, I actually finished the whole thing.  From what I remembered, I don't think I tasted any mint (hence, MOJITO). That was ok because it was sweet enough for me not to taste the alcohol but still get a buzz that would last me until I got to the airport.
3	Blue Martini has happy hour every day from 4 to 8 pm with all drinks halfpriced and some food items reduced as well. This makes the overpriced drinks reasonable, $5 to $7 a piece instead of $12 and up. For me, happy hour is the only time to bother with Blue Martini.It should come as no surprise that Blue Martini gets pretty busy during happy hour. Finding a pair of available seats on a Friday afternoon can be a chore, thankfully on my last visit my girlfriend and I managed to snag the last pair of seats at the bar. We joked a bit about what we assumed the required bra size was for Blue Martini employees as we looked over the extensive drink menu. And then we waited. And waited. And waited a little more. Getting the attention of the bartender took far too long considering we were sitting at the bar. After ordering a pair of drinks we decided to get the Shrimp Martini and the Charcuterie Board which, according to the menu was "an assortment of dried, cured Italian meats and cheeses accompanied by a delightful mix of olives and fresh figs". Both of these were reduced to $5 each. The shrimp martini was fine, 5 good sized shrimp. The Charcuterie Board was missing the figs, would have been nice if the server either warned us when we ordered or offered a substitute when she brought it out. She also failed to notice we needed silverware and napkins. It certainly seems that workers at Blue Martini are selected for their aesthetics rather then their customer service skills.The drinks were also on the disappointing side. My friend had the Mango Madness which was made with mango puree (or at least was supposed to per the menu) as well as mango flavored vodka. This should result in a distinct mango taste but sadly, my friend could barely taste the mango. I went with the Fly Me to The Moon which included Cointreau, watermelon pucker and pineapple juice as well as vodka. The flavor was ok, the drink went down easy enough but I didn't feel any sort of buzz from it at all. Overall we had a decent time but it could have been a lot better. I would have been highly disappointed if I had paid regular prices for anything we had. If you are at Town Square between 4 and 8, and craving a sugary cocktail Blue Martini is worth a stop but any other time? Not so sure...
3	this place was ok, live music patio bar, the inside "where the live music was being played" smelled like chese/raunchy/idfk but it was not hot..drink specials were ok. havent had the food yet.... too smelly to eat inside..
3	My boyfriend and I went to Blue Martini last night for dinner and drinks.  We walked in and were immediately greeted by a host and told that it was open seating.  The patio bar area was packed so we chose a table at the inner bar where a band was setting up.  Our waitress came over and took our order.  We ordered a gin martini and a vodka martini and due to us not calling liquor we were poured premium booze for which there was a $2.00 up charge per drink.  For dinner we ordered hummus and the Perfectly Marinated Hot Beef Tenderloin Medallions.  The hummus was good, but the portion was rather small.  However, the beef medallions were amazing.  They were super tender, cooked to perfection and extremely tasty!  As we were enjoying our drinks, we became aware of the fact that it was warmer in the bar than it was outside, which was rather off putting and the reason we didn't have another drink.  We asked for our check and presented a coupon we had purchased through Living Social.  The waitress became hesitant and said that she didn't think they would honor the coupon due to the fact that people had been printing off the same coupon multiple times and using them over and over again.  We pointed out that each coupon has a specific one time use code to prevent this, but she insisted that was the issue.  She went and spoke to a manager regarding the issue.  She came back and stated that the manager refused to honor the coupon; however, the manager did not bother to come out and talk to us about this issue.
4	Best Happy Hour! $6 martinis - and they don't skimp.  They're yummy. Lots of variety.  And it's a great LONG happy hour 4-8!  Get there at 4 because it fills up quickly.It's about a $13 cab ride from MGM, but it's a nice shopping area and Wednesday are Ladies Night - Ladies drink half price maritinis all night!Great service and a fun place to people watch.
4	I love martini's and i have never been disappointed at this place. I mostly go for happy hour to satisfy my martini craving. The appetizers use to be good, but now i have noticed that it's pretty bland. The food isn't my thing, the martini's are. I have only been there twice passed happy hour time, and i would say it is interesting. Cover bands aren't my thing, and seeing a bunch of middle aged women and men act like they're at spring break isn't appealing, but to each their own. Like i said, i go for the martini's and the early happy hour time is fun time for me.
4	Always a good place to go. Has a great vibe and of course great martinis. The live music is awesome. If you are in hotel or bar or restaurant business you can get a hospitality card and everything is 1/2 off. All of the time.
4	The place is pretty bumping. I missed the Happy Hour. The live music was awesome but personally, i don't like it too loud. They had a very good violinist which is right up my alley. They covered old and new songs which is fun to sing to (Which we tend to do when we're drunk). I liked sitting outside the most because they had hookahs, it was quieter, and the music was more the dance type. Their servers were very lively and fun. Do not order the Almond Joy. It is the strongest drink I've ever had and it was gross. I could not finish it. I don't even think i put a dent in it. We didn't order any food there. I'll have to go again and experience their food and happy hour.
4	I went here and had a blast after an awful night at a club on the strip. Hookah, dancing, drinking, and food all at once? Yes please. Also ladies being free all night is not a bad thing either... though the cover for guys (after 10pm) is pretty steep: $25. Girls actually outnumbered guys here on a Saturday night.
3	Went here last night for a function and the function was fantastic, but boy does BM need to get it together. I work in the industry and now at the door they want your BM Industry card AND Gov't ID so they can put info in their computer about you. It was hot outside and it holds up the process. I guess now they are moving on to direct marketing or perhaps even selling it to other organizations. They, seriously, want your phone number, email and address! For half off of many $14.00 drinks I guess that information is worth something to someone.Walking in this place has this terrible smell of burnt pizza... all the time. I walk past this completely empty bar with two bartenders standing around and when I approach one bartender passes me off to another. I assure you a cranberry vodka takes two minutes to make. They have this weird habit of stapling this big piece of paper to my receipt and its quite irritating. Anyway, I proceeded to the function and needed another drink and they wanted to charge me $14 for a drink. I had show them my wrist band to get it half off and even then it was $8. I mean come on lady and BM. Half of $14 is not $8. The last time I came I ordered a pizza and it was as if they had a promotional contract with Ritz Crackers. The pizza was about as dry as a Ritz and the toppings were hard to spot. A sprinkle of cheese here and basil leaf there- voila Margherita pizza. Needless to say I didn't bother with the food this time.
2	A group of friends and I go pretty regularly to their Sunday happy hour (4-8pm) after catching a movie at Rave.  I'm not an "industry" worker so I don't get those discounts.  They do give a free drink with a movie stub from Rave though - not many people seem to know this.Personally I wouldn't go here without my free drink and happy hour prices.  The drinks are ok but not worth $14 a pop.  The food used to be really good but then they "upgraded" the menu.  Apparently it didn't occur to them that some people don't like seafood as 60%+ of the menu contains seafood.  They also removed the best items on the menu for things I have yet to see anyone in our group order.  The food is barely worth it at happy hour prices and I would never pay full price for any of it.The service is hit or miss - some waitresses are fantastic (Christine, if she's even still there) and others are horrid.  I had one waitress slam my ticket on the table and yell "IT WAS THE BARTENDERS FAULT!" after having to ask for my bill 4 times over a 45 minute time span.  I should have just walked out.  Like I said - you can tolerate it at happy hour prices, but otherwise, there are 4-5 other places to go in TS where you'll get better food and service at full price.
4	Nice!!!!!
3	This bar is pretty awesome for the Las Vegas locals. They have themed night and such. Came here on a Monday the place was really packed with lots of girls!! Drinks are averagely priced if its not happy hour, but you can still spend alot if you leave your tab open and your sister keeps ordering drinks for other people!! Lol. They also have hookah here which is awesome. Nice bathrooms cant complain, the inside is pretty nice and the outside has good seating. Its in Town square which has a lot of nice stores and you can come here and relax after you've been shopping. Definitely recommend for locals and the wondering tourists.
1	I am either not hip enough for this place or I am too hip. Not sure. The guys here look like they are really trying to be cooler than everyone, but instead, they just look like tools that are trying too hard. SUIT UP!!!!! You really look like you have shafts shoved up your......Apparently, I am NOT that impressed with myself to belong here. $13 for baked Brie en croute' and $15 for 5 shrimps in a shrimp martini? Could have gone to Firefly and had more, with a better atmosphere.The band, Acoustic Soul, is good. Of course, all instruments are amplified, so I guess they are using the name, ironically. The sound mixer must have had too many beers or the ears are shot, because the mix is over modulated. It would be nice to hear the singer, he really does have a good timbre.
4	Love the Happy Hour here and the flat bread Is delish! They have lots of yummy martinis to choose from, and Live music almost every night. Nice place to drink and feel sexy.
4	love their happy hour here... their ahi appetizer is delish!   mojito was also made to perfection.  great live band performing that afternoon =)
5	extremely crowded however that does say alot!!! Great music!!! tho the drinks are PRICEY. but the atmosphere is GREAT!!!!!!
1	If pretentiousness had a capital, this place would be it.  Went there with family to go hang out.  Apparently, there's a dress code there which prohibits Nike Shox.  According to the bouncer, they are trying to foster a business casual dress code.  Ok, fine.  More on this later.  Luckily, I live close by and grab some nicer shoes and it met the bouncer's approval.  Unfortunately, he didn't mention the cover charge, which took me by surprise when the cashier told me to fork it over.  Even though it was $10 for locals, who ever heard of charging people to get into a bar?  Whatever.  I pay my way in and met up with the gang.  Service was slow, music was way too loud and for $8 for a domestic beer did not impress me.  Remember that policy about the business casual dress code?  Funny thing about that.  As I was out on the patio, I happen to spot a guy in shorts and tennis shoes wandering abouts.  Selective enforcement perhaps?  In short, it's over rated and overpriced!
4	I been here 3 thursdays and every time this place is pack, definitely thursday is the day to be here live music rock en espanol and classic rock the band from LA sure rocks, drinks are over price that's for Damn sure    y puto el ke no echelons desmadre when u go here in a Thursday nite. Hehe
3	If you are into martinis, this place is great.  I am apparently too old, though, for the deparately seeking a hook up crowd.  Also, I am not that into pay $10 for a drink.  There are better places in Town Square to get a drink and hang out with friends.
4	You'd think their blue martini drink specials would blow you away. Nope, it's their food!Their hostpitality card def helped the fact that we ordered 8 different dishes. YES, EIGHT DISHES!!! lol Between 4 people. YES, FOUR PEOPLE =) My favorite was their lemon pepper chicken was my favorite!Here I am, in a club (in my eyes), and eating a delicious meal. And after I was done with my chicken, I forgot about my tequila drink and wanted to eat more chicken! YUP, I was shocked, too!Their lobster spread was amazing and it was surely some spread...so much! One of my friends was in love with it.The hummus was hummus. I love hummus normally but, I wish it came with flatbread/soft pita instead of pita chips.The spinach and artichoke dip was..bleh!The seared tuna was pretty good. I was shocked at how fat the pieces were.LOVED their baked brie! Like seriously, they serve brie! With strawberries! And apples!!! I should bring my own balsamic and I'd be in heaven =)Tenderloin and portobello was, also, a fave....mmmMMMMmmm, just typing these reviews make me hungry...
3	Amazing deals during Happy Hour! The rest of the time this place is just overpriced with poor to average service and an identity crisis. They try to push it like it's a nightclub way too hard some nights. If they stuck to their roots of being a laid back bar from Florida it would get 4 stars. They can always change policy.
4	BLUE MARTINI!I believe happy hour is from 6-8.Half off all food and drinks!The drinks aren't that expensive PLUS they bring you the shaker so for 9ish dollars you technically get three martinis which i think is pretty awesome. At 9 the band comes out so there's live music, dancing and smiles :DThey also have a hookah outside on the balcony if you are into that as well.there's always people to meet and it's a great place to go with friends and let loose
5	Staff:  Always have great service when we go here.  Dunno if he's one of the managers and I can't ever remember his name, but he takes really good care of us as do the waitresses.  They have industry discounts too!Goods:  I'm a beer gal, so I wish they had a bigger beer selection, but I do just fine with Blue Moon.  I've had a few of their martinis, Mango Madness is my favorite.Atmosphere: DJ L1 is the buiz.  And on Thursdays they have a live band inside.  I think Thursday is Salsa night?  I wouldn't try to go for serious Salsa dancing though, that place gets packed!  I'm really picky about going out.  I'm not a fan of clusterf%$ks of people and I have to be in a certain mood to listen to House all night long; but if you say Blue Martini, I'm there.
4	This place is a great place to take a date. However it does get pretty busy during the weekends. The cocktail are around $12-$14. If you work in the hospitality industry and show them your employee id or pay stub, they will give you a black card that will give you 1/2 on drinks and apptz. If you dont work in the industry than you can always go there during their happy hour.
4	Love the swanky, open-air atmosphere. Decent food. Seems high priced but you get the shaker with the glass so its more like 2 or 2.5 martinis each. Fun place for happy hour.
3	Another Town Square joint going down the tubes.First they change their food menu. Service used to be slow, It's only gotten slower... the place was pretty empty and a took a while just to get noticed. Another table that was there before us, got waited on after us. Their martini's aren't as good as they use to be either.I think they stopped trying. I have only been going here recently because my friend loves cheap eats and happy hour pricing, She likes everything, I've never heard her complain about any place she's ever been.I like the free Martini with movie ticket deal and the Lady's Blue Martini card, drinking for free is never a bad thing. The food is average. I rather pay the money and get quality food, drinks, and service.
3	I've never been a particular fan of this establishment. It's always too crowded and overpriced for my tastes. And it is such a pick-up / singles scene.However, when the drinks are half-off (i.e. happy hour) or free (i.e. private party), it's not so bad. The bartenders definitely pour the drinks quite strong (think almost straight vodka). And the martinis can be quite tasty (if not overly strong) - and there's a nice, expansive menu of them.And there's a live cover band some nights, which isn't too bad. And there's live band karaoke some nights too, which is kinda awesome.All in all, it's an alright place. But I definitely won't be becoming a regular here anytime soon.
1	This was the WORST experience I have ever had at any club. Our group, with a well over $400 tab, were removed the club for being openly gay and dancing with each other. One of the individuals in our parry began dancing on stage with a group of women and another man from their party after they called him up with them. Once they all stepped down from the stage, the individual from OUR party only was approached and ESCORTED OUT by the security at the club. Our entire party then walked out of the bar extremely upset. This was completely unnecessary and we were all FURIOUS. I, and no one from our group, will NEVER again return to the Blue Martini and you should take warning to the injustices that are occurring at this bar/club.
4	This is a pretty nice place to have a late afternoon cocktail after shopping in the surround stores with a friend. It seems like the crowds only come around at night, so it is actually a very quiet and pleasant place to relax during the day.I love that the bartenders are actually knowledgeable about the liquors and menu. There are not too many things more annoying when your ordering a specialty drink, than dealing with an uneducated bartender that can't answer a single question you ask. The girl who poured my friend and I drinks was very knowledgeable, and therefore very helpful in assisting us with our drink selections.Beware that all drinks are poured with a heavy hand, and you are served not only your glass, but also the leftover shaker. If you have to drive home shortly after visiting, rethink your plans or get a cab.
4	Literally my favorite bar/lounge in Las Vegas, best happy hour you can find in the city... delectable martini and appetizer menu, well-experienced bartenders, friendly overall staff. Definitely the best place to go if you want the "nightclub" feel off the strip.. My vices: the Cucumber or Perfect Pear Martini with the seared tuna and/or beef tenderloin :)
3	Maybe it was me.I was at the yard house enjoying a beer while waiting for friends. We were going to the blue martini for a birthday party later that night. When I walked into The Blue Martini I really liked the place, everything was nice and elegant. the furniture, the lighting, the bar, even the bathrooms were cool! except......the atmosphere, the help, the drinks. I didn't know what to order, all these people with fancy drinks on their hands pretending to be somebody, I didn't want to get a beer and stand out like sour thumb, I wanted to blend in to the pretentious scene.  " can I help you?" yes I'll have a martini. " what kind?" (now, I don't want to sound  ignorant.)  I'll have the one with the olive, you know.. the one James Bond drinks. She didn't have a smile on before so I'm sure it was nothing that I said. She served me the drink that ended up costing me me 15.00 dollars! I think I'm only having one drink tonight. Are they any cheaper without the olive?   I joined the party and had a good time with my friends. But I don't know if I'll ever return. (not that they'll miss me) Getting a fix of grandeur and importance by drinking an overpriced specialty cocktail like a Blue Martini is not for me. I'm more of a normal priced Yellow Beer (with a lime)  kind of guy.
4	With nearly 230 reviews already written I'm not sure what I can say about Blue Martini that hasn't already been said. I generally don't drink martinis, but when I go to the Martini I always have a couple. The tini menu is so extensive that nearly everyone will find something that is to their taste. My favorites to date are the pomegranate and the Blue Martini. The pomegranate is pretty straight forward with the exception of the splash of grapefruit vodka they use. This gives it a bit of a citrusy edge that works well with the sweetness of the pomegranate. The Blue Martini is also a great blend of sweet and tart with OJ and sour mix paired with Blue Curacao and Cointreau.  The Lemon Drop, Cosmo and Three Chocolates are also very good.    We've never eaten at The Martini so I can't speak to the quality of their food. This is usual the starting spot for a mini pub crawl around Town Square (we save the eating for Cadillac Ranch or Yardhouse).   The Blue Martini is a great meeting spot and an excellent choice for Happy Hour. The ladies need to be sure to get a Blue Martini card, which gets you a free martini on each visit. Some folks may get a bit of sticker shock when they see the martini prices, but rest assured its money well spent. Your drink comes in an oversized shaker that holds the equivalent of two big drinks. As the more popular places in Vegas go, it's a pretty good deal.Do be aware that Happy Hour is usually very busy, so get there early.
4	I'm not a martini guy at all... don't like them... don't drink them. But I still give this place a 4! The employees are all nice as hell and the atmosphere is club/lounge which I like. Great place to dance, drink, and just chill.
5	Love this place and the tootsie roll shots!!Ive had 2 servers Marissa and kaity! they are both really fun and energetic and just totally kick ass!  they totally made my visit there top notch! thanks girls!
5	Went during Happy Hour...such a great deal. Loved the Dirty Martini & Maine Lobster Dip appetizer. During non happy hour it could get really expensive. Will be back for Happy Hour again.  Service was quick & friendly!
3	I've been here a few times and the few times I've been here has been fun.  However, I will say it's due to the company in which I've kept.  The last time I was here were with my cousins.  It's definitely a hip place to hang out in, beautiful people with sexy outfits and beautiful men checking out the beautiful women or vice versa.It's very laid back and if you need a place to just relax with a drink in your hand, it's definitely a good place for it.  Just be prepared to flash some cash for what ever you buy.  It can get spendy.
3	My friends and I ended our last night in Vegas at Blue Martini for two reasons:1) LAVO was overcrowded2) My brother's friends couldn't get in and recommended us to meet them there.We got here and the place was pretty much dead...keep in mind this was the Sunday before Halloween.  At this point it didn't bother me since I rather be at a place that was "dead" but had room to sit and dance at than being crammed like sardines at a small night club.  Anyways, I could see why my brother and his friends frequent the place.  The venue was spacious and had places to sit around and lounge.  It was cute how my brother's friends felt embarrassed that they were hyping up BM only to find it "dead" so they ordered a round of kamikaze shots, which we all liked.  I also ordered a glass of Shiraz wine that was fine but I should have just ordered martinis like the rest of the girls.If you're tired of hanging out at "The Strip", Blue Martini is a great alternative.  3.5 stars for now.
2	The two stars is for the great happy hour deal they offer (50% off all drinks & food).However, the food is terrible! I ordered the bbq chicken flatbread and it was hard, cold, and dry.  It might be because it was late night dining and not during the day, but based on my experience, definitely don't come here for the food. Just take advantage of the drink specials, especially the mango mojito!
3	nice employees, but rather pretentious  in fact more employees than customers walking around with nothing to really do. And maybe Im getting old but music way too mutha-fruggin loud, dont go if you want to have a conversation. D.J.Plays all Black rap music and not one person of color is in the whole club except for a Mexican rest-room attendant. go figure. upside a beautiful venue, and the outside patio is to die for. Lots of women dancing together on the dance floor with each other, all the young men just staring hoping to score with all the lesbians. go figure again. very expensive watered down martinis if you are not there for happy hour.
4	Cool place to hang out if you like smaller crowds. Dance floor isn't very big so dont come here if you want to dance. Just a cool lounge to kick it at and listen to good music.
1	A terrible experience from top to bottom.  Over-priced drinks, terrible food and a staff and management that don't care about their patrons.On top of that, when I visited in mid-December, I was told to remove my baseball cap, charged $5 for a "security" fee on top of the $20 cover charge (applied to men only) and when I left the establishment, the Blue Martini and their staff had lost my hat entirely!  Gone.  Someone STOLE it.They told me to screw off and after I wouldn't leave and demanded to speak to a manager, he begrudingly gave me $40 to replace the hat.Terrible, terrible, terrible time.DO NOT GO HERE.There are PLENTY of other great places in Las Vegas that would be happy to treat you and your belongings with courtesy and respect.Avoid this place at all costs!
4	I was once not let in because of my boots but it really doesn't matter its dark inside.  That was a while back and since then I've always enjoyed my time going to Blue Martini. Located on the 2nd floor. They have a live band that rocked it out. 50% drinks and apps happy hour from 5-8pm. If you work for a hotel, casino, bar, restaurant u can pick up the industry card which gives u the same 50% prices after 8pm. Signing up is as easy as just showing ur employee ID and waiting a few seconds. Prices are still a little pricey with the discount but you are still saving something. Nicely designed decorations. VIP area with their owe bartender. Balcony area overlooking Town Square.  Very friendly bartenders and hostess. The Blue Martini drink wasn't that bad, a bit to fruity or sweet for me but still good. 007 martini was also ok.It's really hard to hold conversations inside because of the band. To the right of the entrance is a less crowded and better area to hang out, with their own bar area.
4	I go to the Bue Martini on Mondays nights for Manic Mondaze and I always have a blast! The drinks are delicious and the food is wonderful.The atmosphere is great out on the patio. Somtimes the over heaters can be a little much but thankfully you can walk over to the balcony section to cool off and have a decent veiw of Town Square.I would highly recommend stopping by if you're looking for a fun place to hang out with friends and toss back a few!
4	Went with some friend and I had a ball. The food was delicious and the drinks were even better. We order lemon pepper chicken, flat bread pizza, drinks, and shrimp cocktail. The crowd was on point and the band was excellent.
3	Little to pricey for my cheap ass :) I understand this is Vegas and all but this is way off the strip at Town Square where not a whole lot of tourists go. It cost $20 for guys at the door and beers were $7.I've been coming to Vegas for years and did the ridiculously expensive club thing back when I first started coming. Now I love to do Vegas cheap and for me that is not possible at Blue Martini.On the upside the place is huge and separated into 3 different areas. The main area in the middle has the sage set up right behind the bar. So that was a pretty unique site to see.The service was great. I opened up a tab with one bartender and every time I came back up to the bar she saw me waiting and asked me what I needed right away even though it was crazy busy.Overall cool spot but I wouldn't go unless I had a little more cash flow ;)
1	I am from California and went there on Friday night and it only had DJ.  They charged me $25 for cover charge because I am not LV resident.  I paid and went in there and found no dance floor.  Everyone was dancing around their little tables.  I wouldn't call this is fun.  That's suck.   If you are out of State, I won't recommend to go unless you ask for a peek before paying the cover charge.  I rather go to the the clubs in those casino hotels.
3	Blue Martini is very hit or miss. Let's break it down into a list, shall we?1. Located in Town Square (Las Vegas Blvd. South), if the place is packed, there are lots of close by attractions, bars, and other shenanigans to get into.2. This place gets packed on the weekends and ladies night (which is Wednesday). What's great about Wednesdays is that ladies cocktails are 50% off.3. The patio is the best seating area.4. There are a lot of great martinis, but some epic failures. (Avoid the Key Lime Pie Martini at all cost!)5. There are various age groups here.6. The dress here is very club attire.7. The inside is packed, the tables are first come first serve and people pounce on tables as soon as all seats are vacant.8. It is hard to walk through this place without spilling half of your cocktail!9. It's VERY loud.10. When Blue Martini is slow, it's a really cool spot.11. If you work in the hospitality industry, you can get an industry card and your bill is 50% off all the time.12. This is a great place to find a piece of booty for the night.13. The bartenders do make strong beverages and if there are extras in your martini shaker, they give it to you.14. Some nights, there are hookahs available to rent. Lots of yummy flavors to choose from.15. They do have yummy food, but the pickings are slim and the price tag is a little too high.And that's Blue Martini, not amazing, not bad.
4	Nice atmosphere with gorgeous snobby looking waitressesI've been here twice in the last month. Both times the front door bouncer treated me with respect and told me to have a good night. The waitresses like i said are all 9s and 10s which to me is nice to look at, but when your waitress doesnt come around for 30min because there getting hit on by every dude in the place, kind of makes you wanna leave. Over all this place is a good lowkey spot off the strip to have a good time. Just wish bimbos would find a different profession lol
3	I like this place and every time I visit Vegas I make a point to drop in for a martini. The atmosphere here is very upscale and a crowd of people to match. I have tried many of the martini's these guys are famous for and I cant say that I have ever had a bad experience. What's even better is that the Blue Martini is off the main strip, which is good when you are wanting a change from the usual Vegas strip scene. You guys are A-ok with me!
5	I personally love the happy hour here. They give you the drink and the shaker. It's fun :)Happy Hour: 4-8pm everydayMondays 8pm-12am when you show grindr or facebook invite at the door
3	Blue Martini is an okay option when you don't want to be on the Strip and want a wide selection of drinks. The food is halfway decent, prices pretty much in line with the Strip, and there is music and occasionally dancing (music varies between bands and DJs, depending on the night/time). I've had some good drinks, and I've had ones that were pretty gross, but overall I've been satisfied enough. A lot of the surrounding bars/restaurants, such as Nu Sanctuary and Cadillac Ranch have closed down, so Blue Martini has become one of the few options at Town Square these days. As a result, it can get really crowded, and all seating is on a first come, first serve basis.Happy Hour is a good option (all drinks 50% off), and the bartenders and waitresses are all good eye candy, so there's that, too.
5	Blue Martini has a great happy hour deal, I love going to 6-8pm every day I think. The food is always grate and the drinks are made perfect every time. This place turns into a club  later.
3	The more times I go to the Blue Martini the more I enjoy it. I work in the industry so I have a hospitality blue card that gets me 50% off food and drinks, that helps out a lot. I also always sit out on the patio so I don't really deal with the dance floor scene.I understand that given those facts, I am not really reviewing this place as a whole, but for a place that I know has a wide selection of strong martinis and outdoor seating I'm happy.If you're looking for a good crowd to get your dance on, you might also enjoy it here.Would I go here if I didn't get a discount? No. Is it a good alternative to the strip or a small local bar for a couple of quick drinks? Yes.
4	Blue Martini can be five stars, four stars, or three stars. All depends on the night and the band and/or DJ. The drinks are always excellent and consistent. Some people complain about prices and others just appreciate a good drink. The must-haves are the signature Blue Martini because for the money, you will be a cheap date. The toosie roll martini is unbelievable. I think this is a great place off the strip with a few friends or an entourage. You will make your own fun here. Enjoy!
4	I went here with a friend who is from Vegas on a Tuesday night. The area it is in is great! Loved the interior. We sat outside at the bar and enjoyed their happy hour specials and shared an appetizer.Great specials, great service, atmosphere, and fun people watching!! Again...I love the little area it is in...almost like not being in Vegas (which can be a nice escape when you live here).
3	Blue martini is a laid back  place.  I LOVE their happy hour deals, almost everything is half off - AWESOME for my wallet! :)  If you're looking to hang out at a local spot and get away from the strip - this is def a good option.  The live band can make it a positive, or not so positive experience..  I went on a good night because the band was awesome!Their martinis are STRONG, and when you order one it's pretty much like getting 2 for 1 because they give you the little shaker to refill your drink!  Even better ;)I went for ladies night (Wednesday) with a girlfriend  - and at 7pm this place was PACKED!  Seating is open, and after circling the place a few times we got lucky  to score a seat facing the band. We had the crab cakes - two pieces which had chunks of crab; an almond joy martini (which was super heavy - sweet - and def tasted like a martini, it was STRONG!); and the tilapia which was OK.The atmosphere is fun, and it's seriously great for people watching because people will get up and do almost anything (yes - even dance on the bar)!
5	Great atmosphere! Love the band, food, and drinks!
1	decent place but the bartenders ripped me off. got charged different prices for same drinks. seemed like the bartenders were making the prices up. it was a thursday night (latin night)... it was too crowded to bother complaining. so i won't be returning or if i do i will have drinks somewhere else and then come for the band. the band on thursday nights is awesome.
4	Went here for Happy Hour. Happy Hour price are average and food is good.  Can't remember the martini our waitress suggested but it was oh so YUMMY!
3	Don't show up with athletic shoes on.  Went with a friend who was wearing athletic shoes and they wouldn't let us in.  Went back in appropriate attire, very chill place.
4	Great place for happy hour and a great Wednesday ladies night. Music can be a little loud but the outside is awesome
2	Blue Martini is definitely a place to go on a crowded Friday or Saturday night if you want to people-watch in a sort of meat-market atmosphere. Many of the women wear tight, short outfits and high heels. The guys dressed pretty decently. There was no cover charge the night we went, thank goodness, because even though the staff were friendly enough and the place was nice to look at, no way would my time there have been worth one. The space is upstairs at one of those faux-village malls and it was PACKED, with loud Euro dance music that included a few recognizable remixed tunes. We found a spot outside where we sat at a table near a bar. The place is definitely visually interesting. I liked the different seating areas and the decor. I imagine that it gets very hot in the outdoor section, hence the ceiling fans everywhere.  I ordered a brioche while my friends ordered drinks and we kinda looked around at the people.  And looked around some more.  Then did some more looking... you get the picture. B o r e d o m.   I probably won't come again, but I think for the right crowd its the perfect evening out, as it is definitely popular.
3	I hate going to this place at night.  It's super loud and music is usually garbage.  People come here all dressed up and drink martinis; that I like.  But having to get classy and listen to crappy music that you can hardly dance to, sucks!I do give the place 3 stars for the super cool menu of martini options, their food options are all tasty, service is rather quick, and because they have an outdoor patio area that is nice to hang out in; complete w/ a bar and everything.I wish they played better music though.  Since they have 2 areas for music, they should switch it up and tailor to everyone's likes.  Not everyone likes house, trance, hipster, and high energy.  Some people like to hear some top 40 and hip hop.  Play some!  The music inside gives me a headache, especially since the big speakers are right on the dancefloor!Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (48/365).
2	What a waste.  Out of towner MALES have to pay $20 to get in... or at least that was my and my friends' experience.  A total rip off in that we were there for a wedding party and wanted to make and appearance and go, but we were forced to pay.  Crowded venue on this particular Saturday night in December.  Looks like a late 20's-30's crowd.  Not much else to say, it's a bar and there's a dance floor.  And you're in Vegas...  I guess this place is for the localers since it is in a mall setting that is away from the strip and tourists.  FIne by me, but as an out of towner, I would have rather had spent my $20 cover fee elsewhere.
3	Great live band and appreciative crowd on Thursdays for Latin Night - but no room to dance.
4	My 2nd favorite drinking place in Vegas.  Sorry Blue Martini I'm in love with the Chandelier.  But don't fret I always come see you anyway.  You are like my mistress...or mister.Blue Martini has an incredible happy hour that lets you take full advantage of all they have to offer, accept the Hookah.  Is it just me or is their hookah overpriced?  Maybe that's why in all the times I have been there I have never seen anyone doing it.Located in a shopping center you can shop til you drop.  I advise you to shop FIRST then come here.  Once you get started during happy hour you wont be able to stop.Love you Blue Martini and cant wait to see you again.  If you miss me too I'm always available for an all expense paid trip.... hey doesn't hurt to ask.
5	This is the spot to go n hang out and have drinks. Live band n I highly recommend happy hour. Not only is the atmosphere great but you also have your picture taken which is cool so you can have it as a souvenir.
4	My husband and I visited the Blue Martini for Salsa Night (Thursday).  The atmosphere was nice, wonderful staff.  It was our 10th Anniversary and Brian, who dropped off our platter told the DJ who posted a message on the screen wishing us a Happy 10th Anniversary.  Our waitress, Amanda was really sweet.  She brought out a nice chocolate cake for us to enjoy on our anniversary. The only negative I could really say is that it was Salsa Night so we expected the Band to play Salsa music but they played more modern Latin music (stuff you could hear on the radio). We actually enjoyed it more every time the DJ played music, everyone got up and danced. We would definitely come back in the future.
4	Great prices during happy hour. The beef tenderloin entree is not only deeelish, but very affordable. The lemon chicken skewers are a close 2nd...The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating is because the service is pure crap. Crap I tell you.
4	Pretty cool place for both locals & visitors.  I recommend this place for a quick meeting place for a short time fun, perhaps a quick stop for some cocktails!!
3	Other than the dress code, good drinks and casual atmosphere. Nothing really different here compared to other Blue Martinis. So about the dress code: I know you have an image to keep, but it's Vegas. People go there on vacation. If they wanted to dress up to dance or pay $20 for a drink, they can go to the Mirage.
5	I had set up my private party six months ago for my birthday celebration.  This was an excellent time (mind you over memorial day weekend).  The drinks, the food and the service was all excellent.  If you and your crew (we had like 25 people) want to do this place in style - get a VIP room. We had a blast and it was the perfect end to a wonderful trip to Vegas. The food we ordered - Lemon Pepper Chicken Skewers, Baked Ziti, Margarita Flatbread Pizza, Caesar Salad were all very good.  The Dessert Skewers are the shining star!  I would do this again in a heartbeat. The evening band was excellent and even sang me Happy Birthday - this was not arranged - just happened out on the dance floor (which is small, but still fun). The DJ is spinning the latest pop music and was what you'd expect. If you ever want to party here in a different way, please feel free to contact my host in special events:  Jennifer McTaggart - jenniferm@bluemartinilounge.com - have a wonderful time.  Thanks once again Blue Martini staff. I will do this again for sure!!!
4	Anyone that knows me, or read a review by moi, knows that I disagree with Yelp Reviewers 9 times out 10 because I happen to think 3 STARS is a phenomenal rating.  But because of reactionary neophytes being hungry and enjoying a basic burger, they weigh in with superlatives like "AWESOME".  WOW, SHUCKS BATMAN.  I'm freaken glad for you.  But there's some responsibility in posting stuff.  I will not insult truly top-of-the-kingdom industry people by wagging my tongue over very good fare.  We all, as consumers pay a lot for the opportunity to eat mostly decent food and drink mediocre cocktails, so let's set the bar a little higher, ok?, so that real players can shine and excellence can make it to the forefront.  Nothing whacks me out  more than a waiter or bartender with an attitude. Spare me the peek at the boobs and serve me a great drink with a smile.Why do I have to preface and preach on my day off?  If the forum was more fair I would write more reviews.  So for most of you, keep it unfair and you'll be spared my diatribes.Okay, today the business at hand is Blue Martini.  I went there Friday after shopping because Tommy Bahama bores the piss out of me quite frankly, even though I love the place for happy hour.  High praise considering I wouldn't get caught dead in one of his shirts and if you see me in one, please shoot me on sight.  If I accessorize my house with one of his trinkets you have my permission to blow the place up.  They do some good happy hour apps and that basil, grapefruit thing martini always kept my babe pretty riled up.  Even though it takes four or so.So I took my cousin and her friend along with the babe to TOWN SQUARE.  I like to consider myself very cool, urbane and still get unsolicited offers of sex.  The babe gets whistles and cat calls at funerals.  My cousin, I love her, one of the few in my family that I can say that about, and her friend are really great people.  They fly into Vegas every now and then to see things like POISON, Def Leppard and other fading icons of metal.  They look the part as well.  Meaning they have also faded in upkeep, but take on a more blaringly obvious stand-out-in-the crowd look in places like Vegas, Blue Martini, or standing next to the babe.  One of them is, let's say overweight, the other disheveled, and I say this because people are so worried about that stuff and lose all decency.  As if they shouldn't be allowed to go out.   It's sickening.  One thing to be treated like that in general, a whole other kettle of gefilte fish to get dissed by the staff.We went to Blue for happy hour, 6 o'clock in the afternoon and my crew, "the girls" wanted to be on "the patio."  Enough of this outside BS. After a Vegas sun day I'm an air condition gypsy.  I was fed up with a couple of clerks, and people not treating my Cuz, like the Queen I know she is.   She has buckos.  She spends like a drunken sailor in a whorehouse.  It wasn't bad but the first round of drinks was like I had to say thank you for being able to pay the girl.  I didn't order, my cousin's friend did, and it was watching every other patron in the bar get a drink before she could get the girl's attention.  So the drinks were good.  The babe loves Skinny Margaritas, even though she doesn't need them, the skinny I mean, and the CUZ and friend had some of those ridiculous martinis I will never even try, so who am I to comment.  They looked OK though.  Me, A straight Vodka Mart up, no olive or twist.  Why? It's going to be gone in a minute.  And bar olives are probably the most disgusting things on earth.  Yes, everyone loves them.  Forget it.  I know.  They are vile.  The fungus that grows on them probably keeps the western world from getting rare diseases.  It's vaccine for the masses.So the next round we gravitated toward a different bartender.  I ordered.  Nice chick named Beth.  Actually, she's a great chick.  The babe immediately said that I have GPS for the babe with the biggest boobs but that's just not true.  Not exactly good for my ego but Beth was sweet to me, offered to run a tab, made a great drink for me, just me, girls weren't ready, and she looked past my shoulder and started a conversation with my babe about make-up and then my cousin about shopping and what the F she bought and how cool and she likes to shop here and there and check out this and that and go to that and here and two hours later my cousin had the best experience of her Vegas "trips" meaning she commented how service in Vegas is decent but can be "cool" or cold if you don't get my frequent incoherent switching of meanings or ramblings or run on sentences or fragments or just plain annoying everything.Blue Martini is a pretty good place.  I've been there a few times.  Always had a decent time.  But this chick Beth made my cousin actually talk about it all night like it's the second coming of night clubs.  It's not.  But places would do better here if they made the experience like this one.  Thanks. B-to-B
1	Wow Blue Martini is seriously a joke now, their new management is HORRIBLE! Friends and I went in yesterday using our lady VIP cards (drink ticket), checked in on facebook (drink ticket), used valet coupons (drink ticket) all which we had done before without issue (i'm there on a weekly basis). Well last night we were told that we were "exploiting" them by using those tickets because each of us had 2 or 3. I'm sorry it's YOUR loyalty/comp program and we're the ones exploiting it?But that's not the worst of it.. we decided to move outside on the patio after the manager told us this, finish out drinks, and leave but the manager came back got right up to my friends face and YELLS at her!!! He said we moved tables to try to scam another server. It was ridiculous! Now their cocktail servers are tweeting us saying "there are two sides to every story" and that the manager yelling at us HAD to be warranted because the management is "so easy to deal with". Are you kidding me??!! What happened to the customer is always right? Especially when we were completely calm throughout this entire situation and did absolutely nothing wrong.I have been a loyal Blue Martini customer since it opened but I will no longer patronize them when they treat their LOYAL customers this way.As a friend just commented: Wow getting threatened for taking advantage of the deals THEY have put in place... because that makes perfect sense.
4	Blue Martini is somewhere I go only if I am invited.  I went Wednesday night, and I was not surprised.My friend and I walked in, and I showed the lady at the front my VIP card, and in we went... we walked in, and the place was PACKED. It's ladies night, what do we expect right? Well, we found a table right in the middle of the place and settled in.  We had to sit at two chairs right at the end of the table just so that we could hear over the band.  It was so loud we were yelling into each others ears!We then proceeded to sit at said table for 15-20 minutes without even being acknowledged.  There were three different servers working this particular section, and not once did any of them stop at our table.  My friend proceeded to get up and go find a manager.  She was escorted back to the table, and told "sorry, I'll find someone" and never came back.  10 minutes later we were greeted by a server that not only informed us that her "friends" were on break, but that tonight was her very first night working there.  Let the eye rolling begin.We checked in on Facebook, where it indicated that were entitled to a free martini.  Our server of course had no idea what we were talking about, and told us to go all the way back out the front to ask the girl at the hostess stand.  We went one at a time to get our tickets for fear of loosing our table.  We both ordered the "blue" martinis, and my friend ordered the pepper chicken.  The food was excellent.  The drinks were brought out rather quickly, and the night started to pick up.After a while, as my friend was starting to not hold her liquor so well, I asked for the check. With our free drinks, we were only having to pay for food.  Well, the bill came, and the "ladies night" 50% off was no where to be found.  I asked another server who happened to walk by about it, and she apologized, and said she would take care of it.  After a few minutes, another server came back with the check, and very rudely told me that food is not 50% off, only drinks.  I advised I have been to this bar numerous times, and we always get 50% off of the entire bill. She basically proceeded to call me a liar, and walked away.  I tried to ask if maybe they changed their policy, and she didn't even hear me.After I paid the $21 for 4 pieces of chicken and a chocolate cake, I grabbed my friend and went next door to Ranch House instead....
4	Fun place! Great music, decent dancing area and good food. Locals pay less than visitors. Yay lol
4	Good local spot tucked away beyond the strip. Small dance floor, hookah's, Live bands are just a few things that they have to offer.
4	I occasionally go check it out for Ladies night on Weds. GREAT priced drinks!! So much that I get spoiled and when I go anywhere else...I am like what?? How much for a drink? I had Jack and diet coke for $6.59 here at Blue Martini!!! The only reason it is not a five star is because you have to get there really early to get a seat and on ladies night they do give-a ways like Tiffany jewelry but the drawings don't start until late.  So I always end up giving away my tickets.
2	Tacky and mostly overpriced but can be fun at the right times. I'm told 4-8 pm happy hour includes half price wines. I used an industry card which gives a 50% discount but of course I was only told this does not apply to bottles AFTER we received the check despite having had to present the card on entrance. Further, we received a bottle of Alamos Malbec rather than the Malbec on the menu which is fine because it's a great wine, but to pay $60 for a wine that is $9 at Walmart... Uncool in a trashy kind of way.
1	Worst service ever had a waitress named Nikki and we asked for separate checks and first she said was don't you guys have cash?? Couldn't believe it then she gave our drinks and one of the drinks tasted like tequila and soda and we asked politely to redo the drink and her response was we don't like to waste alcohol so what would you like fixed. Again shocked so we went to  bartender to fix drink. Then bill came we work in the industry and drinks half off she charged us full price!!!! When she even stated in the begin about us having bracelets bcuz we work in the industry. She changed it and added us a 18 percent grat to it. Worst experience ever and horrible server EVER!!!!!!
1	Always get horrible service!!  3 times with not one happy experience.  Sorry to say but drinks are overpriced and not worth it.
4	So this is a South Florida based chain so I'm somewhat biased [so is the Ale House for that matter].  They pretty much all look the same.  You can also here live music here on occassions and they definitely have loud music, sometimes too loud as you can't hear your own conversation. Ladies night is Wednesday night with half priced apps and martinis on the menu. Their food is actually quite good for a bar and their drinks are even better. They've added some new additions like skinny margarita martini that I do thoroughly enjoy.  They also have hookah if you like that. This places does get quite crowded and is open very late.  There's an inside and an outside complete with fans and heaters depending on the weather. They also have roll down shades for when it actually rains in Las Vegas.
5	This place is pretty damn awesome. I prefer it over some sweat invested club. Service is good and the martinis are strong. Plus the locale is nice.
1	The service here is awful. Our waitress brought us dirty silverware and did not once come to ask if everything was to our liking (there were maybe 10-15 people in the entire inside bar area with three waitresses). The all three waitresses were visibly standing in a circle texting on their phones and talking. The wine my friend ordered was obviously watered down, unfortunately I can't remember the name of the wine. I ordered one of their "specialty martinis" and it was definitely special... Even though I had not finished the special martini, I decided to try a very simple martini to see if the bartender was just out of his/her game for the first. I ordered a Vesper, a very common martini, and even explained what was in the drink so they did not confuse it.  3 part Gin,1 part Vodka, 1/2 part Vermouth, and a lemon twist - A simple mixed martini. What I received was a mess of vodka and vermouth. The waitress set the drink down and asked, "Did you want olives or lemon?" I replied, "Lemon..." (as explained when I ordered the drink). She returns with three lemon wedges, one of which was already squeezed and left in the cup. I asked for the check then she proceeded to stand by the register for another 10 - 15 minutes and text in my line of sight. I was only 20 feet away from her. I will not be returning to this place. You can get better service and more knowledgeable staff at a PT's Pub.
3	The martinis are slightly better than average; the service is slighlty below average, so it evens out.  Go during happy hour; otherwise, it's not really worth it.  Typically, it's lots of locals, and it's not the Strip, so you definitely could do A LOT worse.
4	This place was poppin' on a Tuesday evening! I was in town for the night & wanted to catch up w/my cuzin & sis, so we headed to Blue Martini for happy hour. Mind you, we got drenched by the rain in a mid-summer flash-flood as we were walking up to the building and this place was still packed! A Neo Soul mixer event was being hosted that night so I guess they figured a little rain don't hurt nobody! LOLIt was too loud and crowded for us to hear ourselves think inside, so we headed to the outdoor bar to relax, sip on our beverages, and indulge on some appetizers. We ordered apple tinis, cadillac margaritas, wine, margherita flatbread pizza, shrimp/crab dip, spinach/artichoke dip, & baked brie w/fruit. The drinks were subpar, but the food was delicious! Next time I'll have to order wine or my spirits straight up w/ice. LOL The ladies working the outdoor bar took good care of us so we took great care of them.On Tuesday, the Neo Soul happy hour is 5:30-9:30pm. Both food and drinks are 50% off. Overall, we had a good time and I can't wait to return!
4	A great bar off the strip.They have good selection of appetizers and martinis for their happy hour. We tried the following appetizers:Lobster Salad- delicious! I think I can finish 2 orders of this. There were two big lobster tails, some mangoes and avocado with citrus dressing.Shrimp and Crab Dip - a must try dish. Shrimp and crab in a mayo-cheese sauce with a hint of spice served with toasts. Really yummy.Lamb Chops - this was not part of the happy hour. I believe it was about $18. It was mediocre. Not something I'll try again.Lemon Chicken Skewers - another so so dish. Nothing special. Eggplant Caprese - this is another good dish. It came with some tomatoes, mozzarella and olives.Baked Brie - I love this dish too. It was served with crackers and fruits, drizzled with honey. Seared Ahi Tuna Salad- another yummy dish to try. It's a generous portion. Margherita Flat Bread - I've tasted something better.Mushroom Flat Bread - same as Margherita Flat Bread... So soBeef Tenderloin Medallions - good one. Definitely a good place to hang out... Good ambiance and great food. We will be back!
5	Went here on a Saturday night and the place had a really good vibe. First, this place is really big. It has bars everywhere, along with a dance floor and probably the best live band I've heard in awhile (Dancing Naked). The shared lead was this beautiful woman named Elise (sp?) whose voice was so amazing that it mesmerized! She was only filling in, but fortunately we found out she was in a Motown show at PH (V Theater) so we're headed over there to see her next!As for THIS place, though, I couldn't find a single thing wrong with it. We had great seats, everyone, EVERYONE was having a great time. The drinks were delicious, they have high end liquor and make dazzling drinks and the waitstaff was incredibly quick, they had fabulous attitudes and made you feel like you were their best friends! I wanted to hang out with our waitress all night (I wish I could remember her name!). If you want a moderate club-y feel with great, great music and really good drinks, try this place, it did NOT disappoint!
2	Whatever the house "ladies martini" is - stay away from it. I have issues with glowstick lights sticking out of my drink. Suppose it breaks and I drink a mouthful of chemicals? Anyway, it's stunning visually but I'll stick to my normal drinks next time. Well, that is - IF I ever come back! Although I liked the enclosed outdoor seating with the mist in the air, the service was dreadfully MIA and the crowd lame. Drunk girls talking to sleazy looking guys, older men leering, and just an overall clusterf**k of random people. There are far better local options in Vegas.
3	Typical Las Vegas meat market. Big and crowded and full of people wearing inappropriate clothes. But the martinis are pretty good and the food isn't bad either.
1	I came in last night around 1:30 with a group of 13 friends and family from out of town and was lucky to find a seat.  The men were held outside to pay the cover as the girls started ordering our drinks.  They came in and started getting comfortable when a nasty bouncer came up and informed my husband that he had to leave.  Why? because he had on sandals.  Now, one of the ladies had on a beachy dress with flip flops and could stay.  My husband had on jeans and a nice button up shirt with leather sandals.  So, we all left.  As we were being escorted out, I said to the bouncer that he just lost a lot of business ($10+ per drink x 13 per round) Instead of being professional.. he tells me that they don't need our business.  Good to know... I will never come again and will be sure to tell all I know not to either.  Added note, one of the guests in our party last night brings large corporate parties there every December... not anymore!!!!
4	Happy Hour!  Yummy cheese plate and baked brie with tasty drinks.
2	Recently stopped in for the first time in a long time.Service still sucks and so does the food menu.Guess if you're not the bottle service crowd they don't have much of an interest in you.They also stopped giving the free drink with movie ticket.Oh, and the prices for everything went up.  Nothing like bad food, bad service, AND premium prices.If you're looking to have a meal go to one of the other restaurants.  Even Ranch House is better.
1	Womp womp womp. This place is a such a downer - I have no idea why people come here and why it is so, so packed all the time. It must be their awesome discounts for people in the industry. I am not a casino worker and I am not down with paying $12 for a teeny watered down beverage.I have come to BM a few times before my last trip for my friend's birthday party and I have never been impressed. As many others here have pointed out - the place is for cooooougars and men who wish to prowl on divorcees. Other people you may find here - groups of girls who come for happy hour and leave before being hit on by sleez-os trying to dance up on them on the tiny dance floor. Lots of single dudes. Single dudes standing around in a martini bar.... Anyway - my friend had her birthday here on "Latin Night". We wanted a table in the back, but didn't get one because they said they weren't going to open the bar in the back. So, my friend - pissed by the way - agreed to be sat up toward the front, in much less nice seating. They shoved our 10 person party in space meant for about six and promised us we could have the table next to us as soon as the two cradle robbers at that table left. Right. *rolls eyes* I've been to a lot of clubs/bars in Vegas and I've been around a lot of promoters and I even did a stint of promoting myself. That right there is just crap service. Especially to locals.Let me also point out the fact that our waitress never came by to fill our drinks. I get it, it's busy, whatever. There was a table full frat-hats next to us, whom she was serving, but come on. You can't even come around once after the first time to refill drinks? I've been in PACKED clubs and I've had my drink refilled by the waitress many, many times during the course of a night.Sorry, maybe call me spoiled by my desire to actually have bottle service when you're paying for BOTTLE SERVICE. If you're going to offer the option, and people are going to pay for the bottles - then step it up and do it.Overall - I never have any intentions of returning to BM, unless I'm invited to another birthday party.
5	Did somebody say martins??? OH YEAHHH!!! Seriously, if you're in Vegas and you don't mind being off strip and you love yourself a fun foo foo drink, COME HERE! Located in Town Square plaza not too far from the strip, my friends and I came here after deciding we didn't want to deal with the strip and just wanted to be one of the locals. My girlfriend and her boyfriend live in Vegas after all, so we were pretty much half way there. HH here is amazinggg!! Half off cocktails, which still puts your cocktails anywhere from $6-7 bucks, but so very worth it! I ordered a different martini every time and loved everything I drank. Tried everything my friends ordered and loved theirs too! You seriously, can't go wrong. I fell in love with Blue Martini. Their drinks are fun, delicious and will definitely have you feeling good. Servers aren't attentive as I like, but they weren't too bad. This venue is a pretty decent size. They have 3 bars, 1 which is located outside. You can hookah outside and their patio is a wrap around so it's pretty big. There was a band at the beginning of the night but as it progress they had a DJ. Small dance floor but it still had a very good energy. I'm definitely coming back.  I mean, I don't know many other places that make martinis this good. My favorite martini was the Down & Dirty. If you're a dirty martini fan, you're going to love this. Make sure to ask for bleu cheese stuffed olives. Yummmm!!!
5	The Baked Brie!  Yum!  Great Drinks!
4	When I first moved out here, I would say that I was here on average of every other week.  Obviously came for the drinks, ambiance, and sometimes their food.  But keep in mind, food here is basically appetizers.  I have to admit, their seared Ahi is too legit to quit. My last time here was Halloween this year.  I had to pay $20 to get in while my friends only had to pay $10 (ladies got it good).  Regardless, not use to having to pay to get in, but I guess that's Hello Ween for you.  Place was packed as expected inside and out.  Everyone was in costumes and after a couple of drinks, it got a bit old.  Drinks are fairly cheap considering...far cheaper than a club or a gentleman's club.  I use to come here prior to hitting the strip just because their drinks are cheaper.  One note though, sometimes their drinks are watered down.  Let them know, and they'll take care of it.  Just don't forget to tip.I don't frequent this place as much as I did about a year ago, but it's a nice visit every once in awhile.  Place is usually locals, but I do recommend for tourist.  A nice change for sure.
4	100% fan of blue martini but the bad thing is same people every week hahah.. food is amazing drinks are always good... there are a few cocktail waitress that know my boyfriend and I so they are quick but other ones are very slow.. even on a slow night.. but i still go there!! becuase i am a FAN !! :)
2	I don't hate Blue Martini, but it's definitely not my favorite place to grab a drink. It's loud and they play current pop so it's fun to get your dance on, but it's definitely not my go to. The martini's are way to sweet, but the bartenders are nice...and they pour with a heavy hand.
4	Blue Martini is a great place to take a date.  They've got a really nice menu filled with great appetizers as well as cocktails and drinks.  The music blasts too so if you bring a date, you can enjoy the sounds as well as a mini dance floor that resides in the back of the restaurant.  Ambiance is pretty nice.  It's a tad on the pricey side but you're in Vegas!  I wouldn't expect anything less.
4	Although Blue Martini could be a total hit or miss for me,  I was excited to spend a Monday with a bunch of my friends as their advertised Manic Monday happy hour event.  With this happy hour, it starts at 8pm (and ends at midnight) and includes half off of all drinks and food.  There's an booth at the front that will give you a wristband if you're part of the Vegas casino and entertainment industry.  I do like the venue.  There's outdoor and indoor space and lots of it.  Although I've been indoors, the Monday night festivities were outdoor only because they were rennovating the inside.  I like the outdoor space.  Lots of bar space, high chairs and high top tables all around.  Fit pits and a balcony overlooking the middle courtyard of Townsquare and other restaurants close by.  For my drinks, I got the typical vodka soda with a lime.  Just your typical drink, although I know they have great martinis.  What I really want to review is the lobster salad.  OH-EM-GEE, it is soo good.  Two whole chunks of Maine Lobster accompanied by baby greens, crunchy romaine lettuce, mango, avocado, tomato, tossed with a lemon/orange vinaigrette.  Everything was super fresh and crisp.  The lobster meat was cooked perfectly and really made the salad the star of my night!!  This salad is about $20 but with the half off price, it's perfect!You'll definitely have to try the lobster salad and drinks.  It's a light meal that is packed with flavor and delightful textures.  If you work in the industry, come check out Manic Mondays and get the salad.  You will love it!!
3	Blue Martini is where you go when you want to go to a club but you don't want to get that dressed up or go through the hassle of having to wait in line and what not... It's a perfect place for a girl's night out or a little birthday gathering ~ I really like the fact that they have multiple bars & different areas to sit. They also offer hookah on their patio area!There drinks are a little pricey but they have happy hour until 8 everyday!!! All of their "skinny" drinks are so yummy! And their chicken skewers are delicious and moist!!! Wednesdays are great for ladies Happy Hour ALL night and they usually comp a bottle of champagne to groups of 6 or more ladies! Shout out to JayRay A. who is a great VIP host!!! Hot Tip: if you work in the hospitality industry bring a pay stub and get a VIP Blue card which gives you half off of drinks & apps when it's not Happy Hour! Meaning... Don't ever pay full price!!!!! Yay~
4	Blue Martini has a great happy hour. The food is good, the wine is good, the prices are good, and the service has also been pretty good.  I like the atmosphere. I've only sat outside in the patio area which was nice (and even better when it wasn't too hot). But the last time I was here, I walked inside to use the restroom and noticed the inside atmosphere/vibe was also really nice. So you would probably be fine either way.Food-wise- I've had the seared tuna, lobster salad, both the margherita and beef tenderloin flatbreads, and others.  All have been quite good.I would recommend this place and would totally come back.
4	It's a cool place to hang out with your friends. They've got good food, great music, indoor and outdoor and they also have hookah. However, they try to be sneaky about selling bottles for $150 and pouring well vodka in it. Our table had put in a request that all our bottle be brought to the table sealed and opened there! First bottle service was fine. Second bottle however our server brought over a bottle with no seal so we had to ask for another. Third bottle is where WE ALL THOUGHT IT WAS RIDICULOUS. Our server brings the our third bottle to the table and we noticed it had no top or seal. Then one of our guys tried pouring a drink and there was absolutely nothing in it! Ok so then we called the server back and told her about it and again asked for a sealed bottle to be opened at the table. (She told my bf that it was sealed and she opened it there and that I didn't see her open it!) She then said she'll be right back with another one. (mind you we are sitting right across from the bar) so we watched her go back to the bar and tell the bartender what happened and he pulls out another bottle from under the bar and gives it to her and she walks past our table to the other side of the bar and hands it over to another bartender/bar back. From what we see, she's over there dancing while he's doing something else to our bottle and hen she brings the bottle back with a pourer on it. We all look at each other puzzled and ask her what is that? She replies with "a pourer"! We ask her to take the bottle back and bring us a sealed bottle please! She finally brought us a sealed bottle and apologized for what happened and then we partied the night away but, we were still uneasy about the whole situation! We had a fun night even though that happened! We still love Blue Martini and that's not going to stop us from going back! The next morning we still couldn't believe that happened and just wanted to give everyone a heads up! It's not the first time it's happened to us. There's other bars out there that also does the same thing! Make sure you get for what you pay for!
4	went to celebrate the 3rd anniversary but didn't have a seat so missed out on the entertainment. nice ambience, great dj and nice drink selection. staff was cool and didn't try the food. Loved how the band is right behind the bar. will definitely come back but make sure my ass is there soon after happy hour starts bc it was packed. bathroom is nice too with wooden doors separating the stalls and an attendant. Very classy.
4	Man... there are a LOT of cougars here. Like the over 30 type, with heavy makeup, and that creepy "cougar stare". The one that lets you know inside, that to them, your fine young ass is prey...If you talk to them, notice how they have a pause between each statement, comment, or question that they tell you. They are cautiously calculating what to say, because they got missile lock on you. Wednesdays is Ladies Night, which is prime cougaring hunting grounds. And then there is Thursdays Latin Night, there is a small drop on the cougar population, but remember, travel in a pack to avoid getting pounced on. They provide industry discounts for retail employees on The Strip, or restaurant employees with their health cards. 50% off all drinks and a few dishes. Show the bartender your wristband that you got from the hostess. I recommend the PB & J Cocktail from this one guy that works here. He adds a bit of salt to bring out the flavor of the peanut butter. Thats probably the most unique drink I remembered seeing on the menu. The drivers in the Town Square Parking Lot are terrible. They don't check their mirrors before backing up, or they will do turns that are too sharp that can clip your car, etc. And we are talking about hours right past 10PM. It's a rats nest of shitty drivers in this shopping area. I'd rather take my car to the valet.
2	My husband & I use to frequent here almost every weekend and always had a great experience. However in the last 6 months the service has gotten horrible and our friends have been over charged twice now. One of the times the server auto grated our group AFTER one of our friends arrived which increased our group to 7 and was only there for 10 minutes. I am VERY disappointed and do not know that I would go back, especially outside of happy hour as that is when we have had the most issues.
5	Awesome place, great drinks. Seriously its a dope hang out away from the strip to party at night. Hookah outside, dance floor inside and the service is always good.
4	I think this is where the locals go to avoid the out of town  "whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" crowd for some drinks and dancing, though the dance floor is small. They have live music and go go dancers some nights and are always creative about it.Drinks are about $10 each. My favorite is the mango one. I forget what it's called, but it's quite tasty and hits you when you least expect it.
1	Seems like every time we attempt to go here, we end up at Yard House way more satisfied.  We were once denied admittance where a friend had a birthday party of a large group because we had shorts on.  (Why would anyone wear long pants in the southern Nevada summer   where the temperature reaches 115 degrees?)  Another attempt to come here with another couple they wanted to let our wife's in and charge my friend and I $20.00 each. There are plenty of other places where  locals can spend money in this town, not to mention without the threat of being shot by some failure in  life gang member (witch has happend at this very place.)  They will never get our busness, FACT!
2	This place used to be really great, like 5-6 years ago, when it first opened. It was the spot. My friends and I would be here every night we wanted to go out (if we weren't at the nightclubs on The Strip). Especially since they offered Hospitality cards - if you work in the "Industry," you present this card, outside of Happy Hour, and you receive a wristband that provides you with an instant 50% discount on drinks and food. Fabulous. The martinis are fun and, for the most part, delicious. The food isn't bad either. Most nights, the music was decent and dancing in the area near the stage was fun. Now, the crowd has certainly changed (or maybe my friends and I have changed?) and it's just not our scene anymore. The problem is that I don't think it's much of anyone's "scene" either. The service has been spotty as well. One stand-out experience that halted my visits for a long time, occurred on St. Patrick's Day in 2009. A particular bartender was unnecessarily rude and implied that I was going to leave the lounge without paying my bill by coming out from behing the bar and standing next to me the whole time we were paying. My friends and I were at the SAME table next to the bar for a couple hours and we didn't say or do anything that would have indicated anything! I have never been treated with such disrespect at any establishment as that day. I've been just a few times since then and it's been just okay. I'm not sure what makes all the employees think they're too good for their jobs and better than all their patrons, but it is beyond me.
2	I went here with a friend for happy hour.  I loved the appetizers and the waitress was great.  It was actually a nice experience. So why the 2 stars?  Well I had several Martinis of different flavors and they were delicious, but there was no alcohol in them.  I was so disappointed. Happy hour prices should not interfere with how the bartenders make the drinks. I felt it was a rip off. Especially since I had attended a function several months later at the Marriott hotel, and the Blue Martini was there advertising and giving out free "mini" martinis to try and promote themselves. Well one of their "mini" martinis gave me a buzz.  One thing I don't appreciate is false advertising.  I don't drink alcohol very much.  But when I do order a martini, I expect alcohol.  I hate it when I hear of bartenders watering down drinks.  Bar tabs can be pricey, so why not give the people what they are paying for.  As much as I did enjoy the atmosphere, I think I will pass on the Blue Martini. Bu bye.
2	Soon after moving to Vegas Blue became a favorite place - great staff, fun drinks, and all in all a good time. Last year when friends started to dislike going here, I stayed faithful because to me it was still fun. I used to go at least once a week, more like 3-4. However, I went on a Thursday a couple weeks ago and if given a choice, I will probably never be back! Cons: The crowd and the staff have changed ... bartenders and wait staff are rude, managers are obnoxious, the food mediocre at best, the drinks are Thursday night band sucks. Unless a close friend has something here, I unfortunately won't be back. Pros: It was nice going where they know my name, it's off the strip, bouncers and girls at the front are always very nice and easy to talk to, Leah (sp?) especially - she is so sweet. If there is a problem the bouncers handle it respectfully.
3	Blue Martini was one of many stops during an evening of catching up with an old roommate. Said roommate needed to charge her phone and this was one of the only places that was happy to make that happen. We sat outside on the patio and perused the menu on the table. It consisted mostly of drinks, with a few "light bites" listed as well. Much to my chagrin, there are no beers listed on this menu. Obviously, there are a million martinis to choose from, along with a good selection of wines and champagnes, but no beer! There is beer available, but you have to torture your waitress by making her list beers by memory. My roommate highly recommends the Cake Pop martini, should you be so inclined. Anyway, the service was great. The waitress appeared when we needed her, but understood that we were in the middle of a serious chat session. The only real downside in our experience: the heaters on the patio really don't help. I think they're more for show than anything else.
4	This is a great place if you are not looking to go to a club but want good music, good drinks and want to smoke some hookah!  Service is always on top of their game!  They see a drink low, they come ask if you want more and they deliver fast!  They are a little overpriced and the drinks arent that strong, but thats usually the case for anyplace you go. They have an outdoor bar and an indoor bar.  If you are indoor, sometimes you are lucky enough to get to see live music!  They had a great band that played some awesome tunes.  The hookah is $30, I think that is a little over priced, I usually you only pay about $20.
4	What could be better? Happy hour is a must! I always get the ahi tuna and it goes great with a flirtini.
1	This place has a good reputation, especially among locals...but I feel as if they are taking advantage of that lately. The past few times I've been there the staff has acted pretentious and have been inattentive and downright rude. I took my out-of-town friend here 3 weeks ago because of my good experiences in the past. Immediately, we were convinced our waitress had been drinking alcohol by her bizarre behavior (too long and annoying of a story to type on my iPhone) :/ I was embarrassed that I had taken him there. Town Square Has many fun and quality restaurants and bars. Blue Martini is at the bottom of my list.
3	Blue Martini has a hard to beat happy hour. 50% off drinks and up to 50% off food everyday from 4-8PM? Yes please!Unfortunately, all their food is just OK.  No one ever says, "I'm going to Blue Martini for a great meal."  Um, no.  It's always, "Let's go to Blue Martini for Happy Hour!" Yes.I really like that they have so many martinis and that they have skinny girl martini options.  My inner skinny girl (she's in here somewhere) is pleased at whatever prospect is available of cutting calories.As far as live music goes, it's OK.  Nothing spectacular.  I've seen a couple cover bands there and they're just OK.The crowd at Blue Martini is kind of a odd one though.  Anyone who's been there knows what I mean.  It's a great spot for people watching though, if that's what you're into.  Normally, I just go here with a couple girlfriends for happy hour then make our way onto our next destination.
3	Meet some friends on March 22 - had a great time- Desi, our waitress was the worst I've had in a long time.  She was so rude, sour face, no personality at all.  I tip VERY well when I receive great service - I could not tip her at all - I can't tip her to thank her for being so rude to us.  We will go back, drinks were great, will not be in her section....she did however, finally speak when asking me if her tip fell on the floor because she did not see it with my bill!!!! Hilarious!!! Oh Desi - great  service equals great tips!!! Maybe next time!!!
3	I've been coming here a lot this past year with friends mainly because of it's unbeatable happy hour. I have a lady VIP card and an industry card which entitles you to a free drink and happy hour all the time aside from their normal happy hour times which is from 4-8 pm. So if you're a girl, you must sign up for this incentive! The food isn't too bad especially at happy hour prices, but I don't think I'd pay for it at normal price. I really really enjoy their lobster salad! It's very light and refreshing yet full of flavor. It has sliced avocados, mango, baby cherry tomatoes, mixed spring, romaine, and iceberg lettuce, and two pieces of lobster. To. Die. For! I also like their spinach and artichoke dip, both of their flatbread choices (margherita & beef tenderloin portobello), beef tenderloin dish, and chicken skewers. I ordered the baked Brie thinking it would be fantastic. The bread is pretty good, but the cheese for it tasted much too strong. It was brought out with the rest of my appetizers and I was meaning to eat it last which I did, but at that point the cheese seemed like it had hardened so it wasn't that good. The fruit on the plate also was not fresh and made me want to spit it out. The service is hit or miss depending on the girl's attitude that is serving you that night. Most of them are pretty happy, but there have been instances where my waitress was very unpleasant. The bands that play are fun most of the time, but I don't generally think of this place as somewhere to go to and dance. It naturally isn't meant for the younger crowd. As some of my friends call it, it is "cougar town"! Haha so watch out younger fellas. Most people that come here come after a long day's work to get a drink with their business peers and whatnot. It can get really loud in here too so it's hard to talk and socialize unless you're sitting outside, which can be a pain to find seating some nights. It can get very crowded! So beware if you don't like busy and noisy places.
4	LOCALS JOINTOut-of-towners visiting Vegas can easily miss out on good bars off the strip since it's so easy to just walk from bar to bar and enjoy the crowds on the street!  I have a cousin that lives in Vegas and he suggested we meet here for a drink.  I looked over the menu and a couple of items caught my eye, but we ended up just grabbing a couple Bud Lights ($7.00 ea).  Service was great. We sat outside near some heating lamps, which was awesome since there was a cold wind.  It wasn't until it was almost time to go that we noticed another area (straight ahead when you walk in, rather than to the right, where we were). It was a huge room with two more bars!The place was pretty empty but I imagine it's very, very fun on the right night! Though, I'd probably bring a flask unless I hit up the long happy hour!
2	Used to be a great place 5 yrs ago or so.....they got cheap on the drink quality,less liquor and crappy mixers...,hard to find a server to even order most times. Very limited food menu....they have an attitude when you enter and staff seems pretty uncaring and rude most times (some are still great though)....happy hour is really no great deal at half price,you are getting half price off of the overpriced insane regular drink price!Good if you never been there and you want to try to "hook up", but much better places to go these days in Vegas.
4	GF and I went here for date night and we were pretty impressed.  We ordered a couple of drinks (dirty martini for me, some kind of fruity martini for her) both were very good.  Not the best I've ever had but by no means bad.  But they did have olives stuffed with blue cheese which in my opinion is a crucial ingredient for any dirty martini but surprisingly many bars don't have them.We were really hungry so we ordered a few things to share.  The beef tenderloin was fantastic.  We also ordered a cheese plate which was good but honestly it didn't seem like there was much thought put into it.  There were a few pieces of cheese and some fruit thrown on the plate but we definitely expected a little more.  The crab cakes were just ok, wouldn't order them again.  We also ordered a Margherita flat bread which was amazing.The service was great.  Waitress was always on the spot, we didn't wait more than a few seconds before she came to get our order.  She also brought more blue cheese olives for my martini without us even asking which was totally unexpected and a real credit to how great the service was.Overall, I give it 4 stars but if we didn't have happy hour prices I would have given it 3.
3	Half-priced martini's and a nice collection of small and medium bites for happy hour, which stretches out way past the norm by ending at 7:30pm.  BF and I got here around 7pm on a Thursday night and were rudely greeted by what I can only describe as a tool bag at the entrance asking us to get to the back of the line where we could be carded to come in. Once security deemed us old enough to enter, we walked into the patio area to search for a table or seats at the bar.  It was really nice outside, so this outdoor patio area was hoppin'.  After spending 10 minutes repeating what we JUST did in the parking lot (wandering around aimlessly for a spot), we gave up and went inside.  Inside the restaurant was rather empty so we grabbed a table easily.  The only problem was that it was FREEZING inside.  I felt like whatever table we were at, cold air was blowing directly on me.  We decided to brave it out.A nice friendly waitress came over and informed us it was still happy hour, to our extreme pleasant surprise.  He ordered a dirty martini with blue cheese-stuffed olives, and I ordered the Mango Madness.  Both were okay.  Mine was a little sweeter than I'd like, and his just wasn't 100%, but we did end up ordering one more each, so they must not have been that bad.For food, we ordered the margarita flat bread, the sliced sirloin, fruit and cheese plate, and crab cakes.Let's start with the bad (because I like people to leave my reviews on a good note).  The crab cakes were super mushy.  The flavor was mediocre at best, but they just completely fell apart when you went to get a piece of it with your fork.  It was really more of a crab mush than a crab CAKE.  The breading was not crispy at all and just didn't add anything to the dish.  It was served with an orangish drizzle that could have been spicy mayo.  I think whatever it was, it was the dish's only saving grace because it had a delicious flavor.The next bad dish was the fruit and cheese plate.  What a disappointment.  I'm sorry, but when I order a fruit and cheese plate at a place like Blue Martini, I would expect the cheese to NOT include baby bells.  There was a slab of goat cheese in the middle, a few squares of swiss, and two baby bells, along with an array of fruit and crackers.  There was only one strawberry on the plate and it was more green than it was red.  The whole plate, which was very large, was a complete disappointment and we ended up wasting most of it.Okay, onto the good.  The sliced tenderloin plate was so delicious.  The slices of tenderloin (which is what a filet mignon is cut from) were so tender and juicy.  The dish came with some rice pilaf and a horseradish sauce.  All of the flavors combined were perfectly well-balanced and made a delicious dish.Last, the margarita pizza was amazing.  So simple and yet so complex.  The crust was just the right amount of crispy.  The tomatoes complimented the light but flavorful cheese just right.  Our server also brought my BF extra olives for his second martini because she saw me eating them out of his glass.  She was really sweet, friendly and we never had to wait on her so that was a huge plus.  If not for her service, I may have given the martini a sad 2-stars.
5	I have been coming here for a few years. I mainly come for a late lunch and hit up their happy hour prices. The staff here is absolutely incredible and the waitresses always get my food order correct. I love the Skinny Melon Martini on their menu. I feel like I can drink more since it has slightly less of a bump in my diet.
4	Happy Hour martinis, appetizers, and great service? If these three appeal to you, the Blue Martini is the place to be from 4-8pm. With half off beverages and up to 50% of off food, you will be enjoying an evening in a great atmosphere with lively waiters. The setting of the restaurant/bar is also a plus since the outside bar has a cabana feel and in the inside has a club feel. (if you get the blue martini which comes with a small glowstick, you will be ready to light up the dance floor!). As far as the food goes, I suggest the seared ahi tuna platter. This comes with a delicious and refreshing seaweed salad paired with some freshly grated ginger and wasabi. The shrimp and crab dish is also a must order. It comes with toasted crostini bread points.
3	Every local by now I'm sure would agree that Blue is the ultimate backup, "if all else fails" destination. I give it three starts because there isn't much happening here anymore other than great outdoor seating and decent drink prices (compared to other places in town.) Music is A-okay, crowd is A-okay, atmosphere is upbeat no matter when you go. If you're in the gaming industry and have a Blue Martini card you get 50% off drinks. Can't complain, right? Blue Martini, spice it up a bit!
4	Shoutout the the manager, BRANDON!. HI! My girlfriend and I decided to stop by here for drinks before going out for different birthday parties. It happens to be Wednesday: Ladies Night. wHAAAAAAAAAT. The patio was pretty busy so we grabbed a high top in the bar and ordered some spinach & artichoke dip and the margerita flatbread. It was all very good except I wasn't a fan of the pita bread/chips. Brandon the manager kept checking up on us to make sure everything was great and we did ask him about the pita bread... some were HARD and some were half way soft and hard - which were they suppose to be??! He said they are suppose to be hard, like a pita CHIP. Either way, the consistency in the pita was INCONSISTENT so maybe they should rethink that but the dip itself was delish and we also just used the crust from our flatbread to dip anyway! I tried a Peach and a Mango martini and they were both delicious!
3	We used to come here a lot when they first opened. Great outdoor patio area with some familiar bartender ladies from the strip. Live music, drinks and good happy hour apps. Some nights this place would be crawling with cheesy timeshare salesmen and desperate cougars...sooo NOT cute but makes for some mild entertainment.Mango Madness martini was good & came in a little shaker, don't fall for $12 blue martini...you're paying for glow stick. Fave apps include ahi, margarita pizza, chicken skewers, not bad for bar food.Still one of the best happy hours though.50% off drinks & apps 4-8pm and located in Town Square so you can leave and go somewhere else if you're not feeling the vibe.
1	The waitresses are very rude. We went last night for Latin night and it took 30min for the girl to even come and acknowledge us. My friend gave her card so we could start a tab. The waitress gave it away to someone else, then was so careless about it. The manager only tried to give my friend drink tickets. It's so unorganized and to think we all are locals and heard okay things about this spot. terrible experience!! Ill never go back to this place
2	A couple of years ago you would have seen a 4 or 5 star rating from me for BM but their shining star has been fading.The crowd (although fun to people watch) is wearing on me. I only ever see cougars lurking around in the dark or pervy old businessmen trying to hit on the hotties. BM used to give you a nice helping of the drink you ordered. They would fill your glass up when serving you and then leave enough in the cocktail shaker for another full glass. That made it worth paying $12/drink but now you barely get any leftovers. The food is cheesy and expensive. Everything tastes pre-packed and/or frozen. The only app I enjoy there is the fruit platter (at least I know the fruit has to be fresh). Another gripe- I have to sit outside now because the music is SO loud inside that I can't even have a decent convo with my buddies. Oh and $30 for a hookah that barely smokes for 20-30 minutes....honey please. The worst part? They took my favorite drink off of the menu, the s'mores martini :( BOO!The only thing that keeps me coming back is my industry card (I get 50% off all drink and apps) and my lady card (which gives me 1 drink for free before 9am). I can use both together so I can usually drink on the cheap. If I am looking for a place to take an out-of-town guest (and I don't feel like hitting up the strip) then we'll normally end up here. P.S. not counted against their rating - but the valet that's outside of Yard House now charges $5 + tip to valet. It used to be free. What the crap?
4	If your industry you get 50 percent off drinks and food...I really enjoy the food....The drinks are okay...the bartenders are not of high skill and they tend to be messy.....They don't carry all there liquour so they can't make certain drinks...But ,...hey the food is awesome.. and the drinks are half off on industry nights...can't hate it...can only appreciate....
5	Happy Hour is still great, and still a good place to go off of the strip for a nice and relaxed, but still somewhat classy atmosphere. Ask for Conitra, the best bartender in there!
1	The Blue Martini used to be a lot better when they first opened. Currently, they have some of the rudest door people in Vegas. Someone should tell them that the door people should not work to intimidate their customers because they set the mood for the entire place. The only saving factor is that their bartenders are usually friendly and efficient, although the service is slow as they become busier later in the night. Happy hour is probably worth it for the 1/2 price drinks but if you are paying an entrance fee and full priced drinks, there are many places nearby with no entrance fee, better, lower priced cocktails and a friendlier staff.
5	Love the atmosphere there. Shiina was our waitress there, she's a cutie pie and friendly too. The band was amazing on ladies night. My wife loved their crab cakes. Location is great. Town square is a nice place. Great food, drinks, and people keeps us coming back everytime were in town.
4	The best Happy Hour in town! The martinis are delish and the vibe being upstairs at Town Square is refreshing! Go check it out!
3	Stopped by here to grab a drink before the movies. Nice bartender but the martini was mediocre. Considering it's a "Martini" bar, I had high expectations that weren't met. Decent ambiance and location. Drinks were still pricey for happy hour though.
4	Came here as a third wheel with my best friend and her date. I didn't mind since I am a social butterfly, I had a great time on my own for majority of the time with cool strangers. At first we ordered our drinks and sat down on the outdoor patio before heading inside for some dancing. Decor was lovely, stayed on the patio a lot for the scenic views,met people from all over the world here. Drinks were great, music as well. I'm totally going back when I am back in town.
3	Not bad. New management seems to be making changes. Girls are ok these days and the service sucks. The menu is getting smaller in food and they happy hour prices have gone up. The two DJ concept is cool.
1	My wife and I thought we would give the Blue Martini a try on a weeknight because we were already in Town Square. We arrived at about 9:30pm to find a couple friendly people sitting at the front desk, which was a nice change. We took a walk through and found that it was mostly empty so there were a lot of open tables available. They had a band playing on the main stage but the music was kind of depressing - we sat down and ordered a drink anyway. I ordered a Grey Goose martini, extra dry with an olive and my wife ordered a Chopin martini with a twist. They arrived at our table about 15 mins later. Both martinis tasted like they contained about 2 oz. of vermouth, 1/2 oz. of vodka and 5 oz. of water. They were served warm and tasted like vermouth flavored water. They were, without a doubt, the worst martinis we have ever tasted! After we choked down our martinis, we figured that we would give them one more chance and ordered something easy: Captain Morgan and diet Coke. Our drinks arrived fairly quickly this time but the drinks were served in what appeared to be 4 oz. glasses filled with ice! I have had larger drinks at a strip club! To add insult to injury, the bill arrived and we were charged $17.00 for the GG martini, $18.00 for the Chopin and $10.00 for each Capt'n and diet! The strange part is that I'm sure they listed GG martinis on their menu for $12.00 along with just about every other type of martini. I wonder if those ones had some alcohol in them? When we asked for our check, the waitress quickly dropped it off at the table and ran off, never to return. I guess if I were charging those prices for that drink quality, I would be embarrassed too! Maybe they figure that by 10:00 on a weeknight, anyone still up and drinking is too drunk to realize what is happening! We ended up leaving some cash on the table and walking out.  It looks like the Blue Martini has become just another Las Vegas tourist trap! I wish I could give negative stars!
3	It was decent here. It's like a hit or miss. They serve hookah, but it always seem to go bad fast. So that don't never last long. The drink are average $12 or more. There's lots of seating but if its the weekend that's slim to none. Aw they have some bomb chicken skewers though lol
4	Great place to hang out, but not for talking, it's loud in here! Good for a date when you already know each other! Not cheap, expect to spend at least $30.00 for two cocktails. Live music on Fridays, don't know about the rest of the days.
2	Overpriced drinks. Not that great but a cool place just to relax with the famBam!
4	Came here as part of a bachelorette party. We ordered light bites -- flatbreads, ahi tuna with seaweed salad, etc. and shared. I got 2 drinks, one savory and one sweet (the cake pop - really recommend that one!) The waitress was a very nice girl who provided awesome service, despite one of us unintentionally insulting her (LOL). I also like that you can order a hookah here, though we didn't this time around. My only complaints are that the food is a bit pricey, even during happy hour, and that we were constantly sprayed by misters that reminded me of sprinklers. Maybe turn those down a little? My hair and me were like "Noooooo!!!!"...but somehow, we survived..
3	Went to Blue Martini on a Friday night after happy hour. I use to love this place. Use to be my spot for happy hour and a good place to bring people from out of town.This was my first time after happy hour. The appetizer menu has gotten shorter once again. It use to be at least a full page maybe a page and a half back in the day. The minute our server started to pour my first drink it just looked like something was off.  I couldn't even help but ask her before she was done pouring "Uhh, am I going to get 2 full glasses out of this???" She paused and smiled. Sure enough the 2nd pour was barely half full. For 12 bucks! Hell no I will stick with happy hour from 4-8 where at least I won't be that pissed off for a 6.00 Martini that I won't get 2 full glasses out of. The best part of the night was Michael Grimm and his band! I mean off the chain!
1	The WORST customer service I have ever experienced!!!! So far my gf's and I have been here for 30 minutes and no one has bothered to offer us drinks or food. NEVER coming back!!!!!!
4	I live their martini options, and a plus is their half off drink from 3-7 for happy hour !!'
5	I frequent Blue Martini at least once a month and love the atmosphere this establishment provides.  I find the early evenings to be the most enjoyable as the patio seating/live DJ almost has a Miami vibe in an otherwise normal shopping plaza (Town Square) of Las Vegas.Here you will find a large local/industry based crowd as well as some wandering tourists.  The drinks and food are great and Wednesdays is Ladies night.If you plan on going to party here please be advised they do have a dress code for the  later hours, so please save yourself the trouble and come proper!  You can also get bottle service here for a reasonable price and is always a more fun route for groups of people.The crowd is diverse and I have never had any issues inside.  Well staffed, and attentive security. Definitely a local hot spot and worth the trip if you have never been! : )
3	This has been my go-to happy hour spot for years now. The last couple of times I've been there with friends, I have had poor experiences. Service - Servers always give you a hard time about splitting tabs. When you can get them to do so, it seems as though it's never correct and they have to re-do it a few times before getting it right. Eats - They keep taking things off their menu that are good and not adding new items. Drinks - Not as strong. Plus, you used to get enough for 2 drinks with 1 martini (one poured, one more from the shaker). Now you're lucky to get 1 from it. Just don't give me the shaker when it's basically empty. You cannot beat their happy hour hours (4-8 pm, 7 days/week) so I still will end up here regardless.
3	Blue Martini is sort of the Cheesecake Factory of bars.  Don't expect anything exceptionally good.  There is a vibrant bar scene and a nice patio.  The bartenders are sloppy and inconsistent.  Also, don't plan on getting a craft cocktail or any fresh ingredients.  The food is edible.  Prices are great if you take advantage of happy hour or industry discounts.It's a fun environment but the bottomline is there are hundreds of places with better food and drinks around town.
5	We came to celebrate my birthday along with my coworkers bday. We are in the industry and that gave us the 50 percent off which helped us enjoy our time even more. Our cocktail server was very sweet and told us where to get our wristbands and took care of us all night ( she was the petite brunette with a lot of energy) thank you for making our night special. The bartender was also very accommodating and had our drinks made very quickly. While BM is an older club, it still was busy and we enjoyed everyone who helped us celebrate. It still is a meat market and men were just looking to hookup, but hey that's what this place is about right? Boys 10 years younger than me asking to dance all night, but I stayed with my girls. The music was fun and overall we enjoyed ourselves. We will be back for their Latin Thursdays, and they always take care of locals it's very nice to be taken care of. Make sure to take care of our fellow servers there because they take care of us;)
4	Happy Hour ReviewHalf off selected menu and discounted drinks...its great for Happy Hour at a fun location.   I'm not sure its worth the price for the food  or the drinks at full price, but for Happy Hour I would go again
1	Don't know what to say. I was a server at one time and I know damn well this is not the way to give good service. Waited like 15 mins before the server even noticed us. Apologizes for being the only person on the floor, takes a while for our drinks to come, and when we have had enough of their service and decide to pay the tab it takes 15-20 mins to get the tab and another 15 mins to get my card back. All in all this place is not a good spot to expect good/speedy service.         Now for the drinks. The drink are expensive unless you go during happy hour. Which I did so I have no complaints about that. Drinks were good. The food was good too. That's the only reason why I am even giving this place a 1 star. No bueno!!!
3	Went on a weeknight and it was empty. The lemon drop martini was yummy.
5	So i've been back a few more times since the below review and the service has improved tremendously!!!! Staff is nice and service is quick! Blue Martini recently hosted my husband's high school reunion and the food was really good. Prime Rib could of been cooked a little longer instead of mooing at me but other than that it was great! *************************************************************************************************************Ok so I wanted to give this place all 5 stars for its cozy feel and wonderful atmosphere but our hostess scratched in hopes of that happening.Positives:Great musicGreat happy hour menuGood foodNegatives:Had to wait 20-30 minutes at a time for the hostess to come get our order.By the time our order was taking happy hour prices were over even though we arrived a full 2 hours before the cut-off.Out hostess seemed like she didn't want to wait on us and wasn't friendly at all.Overall I like this place but hopefully when I go back I will get someone friendlier and someone who is faster in taking food and drink orders.
1	Bouncer @ the door said there is a dress code as my boyfriend and I were wearing button down shirts, jeans, & flip flops... stated there was a "no open toe" shoe policy. Rules should apply the same for the women as well then... as 75% of them had some form of open toe shoes/heels/sandals on. My feet are nicer than some of the hooves I saw there that night ! Be consistent with your policies !
5	Every time I come to Vegas, I make a stop at the Blue Martini! It is such great place for food, drinks, and a killer atmosphere. This is the place you take your friends to if you are looking for a great time. Awesome service!
4	I love Blue Martini! Coming in for a quick drink and some dancing always makes my nights better after a long day of work!
1	This place has the worst service of any bar I'm currently in.  20 minutes in, nary a waitress.   Then they finally bring my girl the wrong drink.  I am, however unimpressed with the staff here, quite happy with the gent next to me... My father.  He also thinks it sucks here btw.
2	Keep a eye on your check, I was charge twice for something I did not order, was there last night and I called twice today was on hold 12 mins and 11 mins and someone picked up and hung up on me.  This is not the way to run a business.  I like the place , just keep a eye on your check.   Markprstgsrvc@aol.com
4	I come here twice a month for happy hour, good atmosphere and music.  With half off selected food and drinks!
4	Wednesday night is ladies' night! 1/2 off drinks for ladies which was really nice! It is an outdoor/indoor lounge. We stayed on the outside because we wanted to get a hookah. It was $30 for the first time and then $10 for each additional refill. The outside part had their own DJ which played house music the entire time. The inside part played more R&B and hip hop music which I would have liked outside as well, but that was okay. Drinks were good, overpriced for a normal night, but okay priced for happy hour. Service was a little slow and the girls did not seem interested in our table until we gave them a $5 tip for two drinks.
4	Enjoyed the outdoor lounge and I love the atmosphere. I also like that their happy hour is until 8 and includes some of their small plates. We had the artichoke dip and it was like any other. I am a fan of a dirty martini and got the choice of blue cheese stuffed or regular olives. When I said I wanted two regular, and one blue cheese the bartender gave me three of both! Yum! Hubby got the cucumber martini which is always refreshing. I like the individual shakers. It makes it feel like you're pouring two or three drinks (but really it's about one and maybe a quarter). If you don't mind some trendy yuppie tourists, it's a great place to get a drink during happy hour.
3	I came here to attend a Networking Group meeting.  Funny as when you are meeting at a bar, they should call it something else.a.  Location - 4 Star.  being in Town Square has a definite cool factor about it. Although parking is a bit of a walk and signage for this place is poor, if you like TGIF or such places thin BM is fine.b.  Ambiance - 3 Star - Suburb Chic at it's finest. This is a typical bedroom community bar for younger people overall. Nothing really great, however, it is busy and crowded.c. Service - 2 Star - For 100+ people, they have two servers?  And they have no system and the free drinks are not free, or sort of but confusing.  Very odd and very unaccommodating.There is really not much to say about this place.  It is a huge suburban bar and many people drink here. It is something that is generic and replicate in most suburbs. Not bad, not special, it just is.  Fun place overall, and not a bad place to hang out and meet friends.
2	I came here for a Meetup.Com Happy Hour event on 10/6. The host of the event advised me to check in at the front for my Ladies ONLY vip card. When I arrived I was greeted by a brunette at the host station who didn't even bother to say hello let alone give a smile. She stated I had to be a Nevada card holder to get the VIP card. I am not really sure how that makes sense since they have numerous locations around the area but a free drink coupon isn't worth ruining my mood when going to hang with a bunch of people I have never met before.I attempted to ask if anyone else from meetup had arrived she just stated "Um well I think someone might be here but you'd have to look around" . Thankfully when I walked on to the patio a group of females spotted the fact that I looked like a deer in headlights and I was able to find where I needed to be. Once the host arrived she took over quite a few tables out on the patio. They allowed us to take up about 4-5 tables and the waitress who was helping us was VERY FRIENDLY and accommodating.My low review is by no means due to her service. I felt she kept my drinks full and was super friendly. I wish I remembered her name but she was a tiny little pixie Asian female with beautiful long hair. She even recommended I check out golden spike. To be honest she was probably the saving grace for why I gave this place two stars at all.The drinks were OK nothing special and if it wasn't half off for happy hour I would have stopped at one. I tried the Shrimp MARTINI. DONT BOTHER GETTING THAT. Its only 4 shrimp and not included in the happy hour appetizer special so it was 12$ I basically spent 4.00 per shrimp for a tasteless little tidbit.Some of the other members of my group got the chicken skewers.I enjoyed the Down Dirty Martini and the Cucumber Martini but the bus boy took my cup before I got to actually eat my cucumber which also didn't help this place become somewhere I want to return.The Cake Pop Martini is super cute but the taste is like sweet milk and just wasn't for me.Overall this place is worth it if you are going with a good group of people and you are prepared for the fact service can be spotty. I can totally see if I had a bad waitress how terribly wrong things could go as they have rules about splitting the tab but our waitress was great about taking cash. They did add on the 20% gratuity automatically since it was such a large group even though they gave separate checks. Personally I felt like that was lame to do without advising us not to mention it shorted the waitress out of larger tip because I was so taken a back by the fact they added it on. Now don't get me wrong I still showed her love for being good at her job but the management of this place needs to get everyone on board to provide good service.The patio was nice and over all it is a good place to sit out and enjoy the company of people... Check it out but I would not pay a cover for this place.
5	Great local spot to meet new people and have some drinks!
4	I'm super white and went here on Latin night.  The bar/lounge is beautiful and the lighting and music were spot on.  I enjoyed the outside area.  The bartenders were fast and friendly and the drinks were strong and priced well.  I got here about midnight and some people I talked to said it's busier early, which is strange because midnight is usually when Vegas nightlife is just getting started.That being said, there were lots of hombres and not enough chicas, which is why I'm not giving 5 stars.
4	Love Happy Hour and the live band. Prices are good for happy hour, I wouldn't order the mojito again but I would order a martini... they got that one down every time.
4	If I'm in Vegas on a Thursday night, I'm definitely hitting up this spot. Drinks are reasonably priced. Spanish music + live performance are on point. It's in a strip mall, a little out of the way from all the activity on the Vegas Strip, but never a dull time. (Cover was $5-10. Thanks to a few girls who were stumbling by drunk at the time, the bouncer was a little, uh, distracted.)
3	Atmosphere is really fun, down side was the martinis. For a martini bar, they suck, not tasty at all
3	My friend took me out to this place on Wednesday night. It's very loungey, and SUPER casual. Wednesdays are I guess girls night out, so all the drinks are 50% off. Can't complain! Not to mention, my friend is a bartender at the Hard Rock Hotel, so we got 30% off on top of that! 3 drinks= $20. Down. Overall, the drinks were alright I'm not a martini type gal, but it got me through the night. In other words..it got me drunk lol.4 drinks, and I was on a good level. The live music was awesome! The band was great, and they were playing all the current hits, and all the old school hits..I loved it!The crowd was very mixed. A mixture between old men and young gals.... :x Overall, it's an alright place. Probably not a place I would take my friends to though.Oh yeah, and I got a drink spilled allll over me here. Cool beans.. -_-
2	Uhh....so THIS is supposed to be one of the hot spots for locals??? =/ It was a fun night for me because I had good company with me. But besides that....it was boring! We arrived around 11:45p on a Friday night and it wasn't busy at all. -Weird mixed crowd. Don't expect XS/Marquee/Tao here. I saw a few girls wearing flip flops. The men looked like it was past their bedtime and they should just go home. Do they even enforce the dress code here??? WTF?! =/ -Funky music. It went from Ludacris one minute to Mr C The Slide Man-Cha Cha Time. Once again...WTF?! What a mood killer.-Small dance floor. IF you even call it a dance floor. I would say more like a "dance space." But like I said, it was a sloooowwww night so my crew and I seemed like we had the space to ourselves.Would I be back here again? Eh...definitely not my first or last choice in nightlife.
3	Initially came here because BM is the only place in TS that has the Patron XO shots we were looking to drink.I just wanted shots but, my foodie friends ordered food because it was happy hour. Of course, I had to get my cheese platter BUT.... TO MY DISMAY, they didn't have baked brie like the last time I was there. I was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo disappointed and just got whatever cheese platter they had. I mean, it's cheese....I love cheese; how bad could it be.Granted, it wasn't bad as there was goat cheese and baby bell cheese with lots and lots of fruits (grapes, berries, melons) but, it wasn't my baked brie that I love so well. Especially that BM made it drizzled with honey. ***I guess I'll just have to make my own***Friends got the lemon chicken skewers, beef tenderloin, and the seared tuna.Lemon chicken skewers had orzo, instead of rice as its side. The chicken was as remembered but, the rice was overcooked.Beef tenderloin was cut thicker than previous so, it was "different."Seared tuna was yum. Seaweed salad on the side was good but, a little slimy.Overall, the food wasn't as good as I remembered it was about a year ago. Sadface!The happy hour specials here are too good not to come back though.
5	OMG I'm obsessed with the food and cocktails at Blue Martini! They've got so many interesting Tasty martinis and my favorite was the Triple Chocolate Martini. My favorite appetizers are the Lobster Salad, Caprese Salad, and Seared Ahi. Everything was so delicious and it didn't even take long for my orders to come out at all. The staff was incredibly helpful, friendly and also funny. Their happy hour is awesome, all of their martinis are half off and all of appetizers are discounted. I would definitely come again and I'n definitely bringing other my hottie girl friends!
4	Great drinks great music and a slamming live band that plays everything under the sun. They got my vote with the eclectic band. Blue Martini has got the vibe!
4	CJ. That's the only reason to come here. Fantastic bartender. And the only reason I gave 4 stars.
4	Yes, yes, yes, this is a great place to hang out on a Sunday with 105.7 the Oasis!  The music was fabulous.  It starts around 3 PM. with a DJ, the band comes to the stage around 7 PM.   Now we got there around 5:30  We were able to sit at the bar (no tables were available on the lower level.  Which was fine, we prefer the bar!  That way we don't have wait for the waitress!  I wish they had more food choices!  But the drinks are good!  We got there during happy hr.  Thank goodness, because our bill for 1/2 price was quite pricey!  (or maybe we just drunk a lot)  But it was a good time!
3	I've been to the Blue Martini a few times, and the waitresses really make or break my experiences. I've had some good waitresses that are lively and engaging and are quick to take your order and bring you refills, regardless of how busy it is. I've had waitresses that were not interested in serving us and it would take up to 40 minutes just to get a martini. The food is alright. I always go for the Lemon Chicken. It's worth the happy hour prices; I wouldn't go when it's full price.
4	I was at the Blue Martini with 50 of my closest friends on Sunday November 17, 2013. We had a great time we were there for an Anniversary celebration and yes 50 guys showed up. The waitresses did a GREAT job as the orders The band was outstanding. 105.7 the Oasis was also in the house. So if you looking for something on a Sunday night try it. You can also check out the games on the many TV they have. Food is good and happy hour prices are great!
1	Just to let others know that last night I witnessed for the third time in almost 5 yrs that i have been a costumer, how the security guards at the BM LV handle incidents that involve physical violence and to be specific about last night,  someone using a bottle of beer as a weapon in my friend's nose! Guess what they did??? They just escorted out the offender and let that person go, they did not hold that person and call the cops or the ambulance for my friend's cut bleeding nose, my friend couldn't press charges bc the attacker was gone, again and for the third time in 5 years, security orchestrated everything in the same way. We did tell the security guard while the attacker was being hold by the bar in the dance floor, to not let that person go like three times, and he agreed. When the Metro, permanently located at Town Square, arrived, there was no case, the assaulter was gone, and the same security guard, said to my friend that he didn't know that my friend wanted to press charges. Security at BM LV is protecting people who break the law, Instead of protecting well-behaved costumers and regulars. We all must know by now this is BM's policy.This is BM's reputation. I found out last night talking with other costumers there. I think is dangerous for all the town to know, they can come in whenever they want, and do whatever they want, and they will only be escorted out.....
5	Happy hour is a must! Half off all drinks and select food. The blue martini and mango mojito are excellent drinks!As for food, caprese salad, lemon pepper chicken, and the margherita pizza are a must try! The environment is great, live music, good service, great place to hang out with friends :)
1	Douche bags at the door... Don't let you walk in or talk to anyone without giving you lip... Music is ok if you're from 1990s era... Not somewhere I would take anyone on a date to... Very rude workers who act and show and say they are only there to make a dollar... Not worth a dime of your money if I were u I would spend my money where it's gonna be worth it at Yardhouse or any other place of adequate dining lol this place is a joke... Worst service known to man...
5	Awesome Place! I loved the drinks, you must try the blue martini! The live music is awesome! Nice atmosphere too
5	Love the happy hour here .perfect for entertaining friends music is great. .drinks are delicious. .love the appetizers. .affordable at happy hour..perfect for girls drinks ... love the patio in the summer. .
5	It's a cool place to come down. Great local crowd and specials for happy hour. Bottle service is the way to go here if you want to have great time with a big group of friends. If you haven't been here it's worth checking out for an off the Vegas strip experience.
4	It was definitely a memorable night, thanks BM.Four girls deep, we rolled in here after seeing how lame McFaddens was (no music? wtf) and were delighted to hear music as soon as we walked in (have your IDs ready). We saw that a live band was setting up on-stage then managed to snag a table front and center. Our server came by immediately and asked if we knew what we wanted or needed a few minutes. We opted for the latter. I scanned the place and loved how there was ample seating everywhere and different bars you can sit at. Love big spaces. We had missed Happy Hour by 45 mins and I didn't see Julie K.'s great tip in her review until now! We all chose to go with the Cake Pop Martini and split a Big, Fat Chocolate Cake. Our drinks and cake came out quick and efficiently. I loved the sprinkles surrounding the glass.. so photo-worthy! Now, yummy Cake Pop or not, this drink was strong (in my opinion)! I was almost weary to finish the rest in the shaker since I'm not a big drinker, but I still managed to finish it. The cake was moist and delicious.The Paul Charles Band was playing that night and they definitely did a great job keeping the crowd hyped up. The whole place sang along when they played "Animal" by the Neon Trees so this was my favorite part of their performance. Total aww moment when the main vocalist was making his waves through the crowd, but stopped at his girlfriend's table to serenade her. In between their sets, BM had some great music playing that made everyone dance. And if you know me, then you know I love to dance so great music is a must-have.LOL to the couple that was getting waaaaaay too freaky on the dance floor and flashing me things that I shouldn't have to see in public. But thanks because you kept us laughing the whole night. What is it about BM that had everyone so freaky that night?? Our server was fantastic and constantly stopped by our table to see if everything was alright or if we needed more drinks. The only thing that was a bit slow was everyone getting their credit cards back, but it was a packed house so not a big deal.Can't wait to go back and during Happy Hour 4PM - 8PM!
5	Great music.killer drinks.wonderful atmosphere.cant get no better.excellent experience.
5	Love this place a nice place to  come and just get a drink. Its really big. Wish I would have came a few days earlier while I was on vacation.
2	I don't get what is so great about this place. The food is good, but the service is so poor that it takes away from the food. I've gone twice now and both times, once on a Saturday night and again last night, the servers acted like I was doing them a favor by being there. I mean I understand people make mistakes, and sometimes the wrong dish gets prepared. But fix the mistake quickly. We waited almost 20 minutes for them to bring out our crab dip, by that point we didn't even want it anymore. I was going to ask to speak to the manager, but caught sight of here taking shots with a server. Great environment right. Definitely not coming back anytime soon.
4	This was my first time here in years! Little side story: the girls and I wanted to hang out some more after dinner and thought to go to McFadden's but after entering there and standing around for 2 minutes, we decided that it wasn't for us. We ended up at Blue Martini instead and enjoyed ourselves more here!I'm not sure if it's every Saturday night, but there was a live band playing that night and they were super talented and entertaining. We each ordered the Cake Pop Martini and it was yum in a glass. The glass was rimmed with sprinkles and icing and the drink itself was delish...strong but amazing! It was funny because the girls didn't know that the little shaker cup contained more of the drink!! We shared the big fat chocolate cake slice and that too was amaze. Between the cake pop martini and the chocolate cake, I would say that it was the best idea for dessert after dinner. Add live music and great vibes and it was complete. As far as the crowd and ambience--pretty chill and fun, but there were times that I thought that I was at Stoney's instead! The live band was awesome and when they took breaks, a DJ would play some music to keep the crowd entertained.I did notice that they have different specials for each night of the week and I would love to come back and check out ladies night and happy hour.
4	I've been to Blue Martini on several occasions. Most times the crew and I would end up here on the way to Cadillac Ranch (now McFadden's) or Nu Sanctuary (now Meatball House, or whatever is there now... Bring Nu Sanctuary back!!!) I've been here for two of the Neo-Soul happy hour nights on Sundays. I really enjoy those. It's an older crowd, like mid 30's and up but there are some of us young bucks sprinkled around. Side note, last time I was here I pre-gamed beforehand thinking I could hang and just get one drink for happy hour. I took two sips of their signature blue martini drink and it was a wrap. I had to pass it along because this drink was huge and strong, but nonetheless it delicious and tasted like a sweet blue jolly rancher. I wish I could have finished it.Anyway the music is always great here when they have the live bands playing on Sunday night as well as the past Saturday when a band of a different genre was playing. I had a lot of fun that night with my girls as well. We ordered a chocolate cake and cake pop martinis. The chocolate cake was to die for. I will dream about that cake forever... The cake pop martinis were just soo adorable! I loved the rainbow sprinkles around the rim! The drink itself was tasty also but it was super strong. There's nothing wrong with that but we had a few drinks at a restaurant beforehand so I think it caught us off guard lol. I had a really great night that night. We stayed from about 8 to about 11:30. Can't wait to go back here and try more food and drinks.
1	I really want to like this place. They have a great happy hour. The service is absolutely terrible though. Sat at the bar for 20 minutes (plenty of empty seats) and didn't even get acknowledged. Looks like they are really understaffed. I ordered a martini but the bartender came back and said it's a new menu and they don't have all the proper ingredients. Meanwhile the food runner wondered aimlessly over and tried to drop off food twice that we didn't order. I will give it another shot because the happy hour and the venue is nice but I sure hope the service is friendlier and much more efficient.
3	Yummy drinks for a high price.  Dress code is annoying.  Not really my scene.
3	Let me start with saying Jason hooked us up and is AMAZING. He continued to check in on us and make sure we were enjoying our evening. If my review was solely on him I would provide five stars!!! However, the wait staff particularly Cassandra who my husband nicknamed Cum-Sandra because she cared more about the tables that were flashing their male parts and their wallets than the tables who generally needed service. She never acknowledged everyone in our party and multiple times we had to chase her down to complete our order. Because she just darted off without verification of completion. She had asked for a credit card to hold our tab, which we were more than fine with but had the intent to pay cash. She charged my card, when asked for a void receipt she could not fulfill such request. I could continue to go on, but if you are looking for a GREAT VIP host than Jason is your guy. But be warned the wait staff is at minimal to a level of customer service that is expected.
3	Ok so this place is good and bad. They have a pretty decent happy hour, it used to be awesome, but then they raised their prices about 50% a few months ago. It does have a really great patio but sometimes can be very hard to get a seat. The waitstaff is hit & miss. Some days you can get a great server that's happy & friendly, most days, they seem more put out and frustrated. The food servers are great, always get your food out fast & clean your table quick. If the food & drinks were a little cheaper during happy hour I'd give them another star. Tip: Wednesday nights are probably the best night "Ladies Night" and usually a great band.
5	This place is amazing!!!! My girlfriend and I had a joint birthday party Feb 23 and had about 20 friends all come. The food was excellent, the drinks were great and the overall atmosphere and music was really cool! We will definitely go back soon!
2	You feel like your in downtown Detroit when you come here nowadays. It used to be classy place with good martini drinks. Now its a trashy place that serves watered down ones..
4	My favorite spot for martinis. My favorite is the goose-o-Cosmo. It's an orange twist on a Cosmo. They have a great happy hour from 4 pm to 8 pm. Food and drinks are delicious. The waitstaff can be a little slow but other than that, it's my favorite place!
5	This place really knows how to take care of local ladies. I used to come here all the time, but it's been about two years since my last visit. I noticed their website said ladies drink free after 11pm if you check in with the hostess by 9pm. While my friends were hanging out next door I went over and spoke to the hostess about coming over later with my friends.  After I got back with them she hooked us up with a free cover and a wristband for free well drinks. The drinks were great, the bartenders were hot, and the dj was getting us in the groove. The dance floor was packed and that's a sign of an awesome dj.Every drink I had was made exactly the same each time with no issues and never to strong or weak. We used two different bartenders and they were both on the same page. They were very friendly and outgoing. Never once we're they rude like others we've dealt with at other places. Our experience was awesome so we can't wait to go back.
4	If you go on a Thursday you'll find that BM has a latin night. The atmosphere is vivid and energetic with salsa and regueton keeping the dance floor very tight. They also alternate with a live band that plays latin rock and also the good old 80's rock. Overall the atmosphere of the place is very young, energetic and lively. The food, although I only tried the artichoke dip, was ok/good. But the drinks...that's what you go to Blue Martini for. Large selection of specialty drinks including the infamous blue martini. I recommend you try at least two different ones they're all pretty good. Would recommend and come back. If you work in the casino industry you'll get 50% off after 10pm.
5	I went to Blue Martini this weekend for my birthday and had a blast!! I got bottle service at a very reasonable price and the staff was extremely friendly!! I will definitely be returning to Blue Martini!!
4	I have a strange relationship with Blue Martini. It's not somewhere I usually think to go, as I usually prefer smaller and less crowded venues (like Double Helix downstairs). But despite the fact that Blue Martini is not my usual preference, I end up having a great time whenever I go. The martinis are excellent, the food is good, and the patio has a really fun vibe. The only downside is that they don't take reservations for dining. You can buy a table in the club area, but you can't reserve a patio spot for dinner. It's usually not a problem though, as long as someone in the group gets there early to scope out a table.
2	Overpriced and slightly biased. Didn't allow certain people to go in because of their no jeans dress code, yet allowed others. Makes no sense to me.
5	This was our final stop in the evening for a cocktail crawl for project Teddy. A local charity that builds "build a bear" bears for children with cancer. They were very accommodating, the customer service was excellent, the drinks were great and not watered-down & entertainment was fantastic so we danced into the wee hours of the morning!
4	I have been here several times on multiple trips to Las Vegas. The town center that the bar is in is a pretty popular off the strip location.Here are the pros:Decent selection of drinksLive musicOutdoor areaHuge sports bar insideCons:Price of drinksService can be a bit slow even when there's multiple people workingAirport noiseThis isn't really the place you would want to come to hold down a conversation (pretty loud) but it's a nice place to come enjoy a breeze and a cocktail.It is a good alternative down Las Vegas Blvd. and off the strip. If you're coming from the strip, GPS shows it's 3 miles or so but be prepared to either take sidestreets or commute for half an hour. Just a heads up in case you have a reservation!
5	Let's talk about blue martini's amazing spinach artichoke dip! Best one I've ever had! :) love this place it's good for a girls night or just to simply hang out with friends have a couple drinks and socialize. Don't forget to catch the great prices for happy hour!
2	I'm not really sure how to classify Blue Martini. Depending on the time you go it can either be a restaurant, club, bar, or even a hookah lounge. Whatever you want to call it Blue has never delivered anything but a mediocre experience for me.First off the drinks are very overpriced for what you get. Each martini is about $14, at this price point you are approaching what high end night clubs on the strip charge and this place is no Marquee. However, what bothers me the most about Blue Martini is their half-assed attempt at being a 'club' at town square. On any weekend you will see a group of the sleaziest bouncers this town has to offer enforcing dress code and holding up the line for no reason. Once they make you pay cover and get in, you come to realize that place is full of people old enough to be your parents trying to dance to some no-name DJ playing songs off his ipod.While Blue Martini is not a small venue, it is by no means comparable to any of the nightclubs it aspires to emulate. Low ceilings, cramped seating, and a tiny impromptu dance floor created by shoving dining tables and chairs off to the side. Personally, I prefer not to get down in some chain restaurant. No matter how you look at it, you can have a better experience for the same price on the Strip. Unless you have a hook up for free drinks or a bottle, avoid this place like the plague.
5	Real friendly staff!! Love Shena!! She's the best & has waited on me when I've hosted a Meetup with a large group of people & she knows what she is doing & gives us great service! Also have had Stacey & Cassandra who are excellent too & give great service. They have a great Happy Hour with reasonable prices! Just bummed they took a few of my favorites off the menu :-( Cake Pop, Carmel & Cookies & Cream! Though the bartenders who have worked here for a few years still will make them! Blue Martini is in a fabulous location inside of Town Square & I love sitting on the patio!!
4	I still have a great time here despite the sometime rough crowd. Neither me nor my guy drink , so for me there needs to be a comfortable place for us to go and enjoy ourselves. The bartenders always make great mocktails, and I actually start having more fun and dance more the more I have. I like that Latin Nights the best. On Weds it is a great place to go if you want to just have a girls night. This place is small enough to just enjoy the people watching and where it's not too loud or crowded where you feel pressured to have a drink just to make it through. We have been to other lounges and clubs, and when you tell them you just want a water or something non alcoholic they don't give you the best vibe. But BM is not that way and we are just comfortable there. If I feel like the crowd is getting too out of hand and people are not capable of handling their liquor I just say it's time for us to go. It is meat market though so ladies be prepared for the guys to try all night! Even if you are with someone they still try! :/ They also have an industry happy hour and always accommodating if you just want to eat as well.  Some of the crowd are like 50 year olds with grandchildren trying to relive their youth, it's entertaining nonetheless watching !
5	Great place had a skinny bitch was wonderful had me perking after one hookah was great had watermelon and grape ....crab and shrimp drip great also great social place
1	Work at Town Square and go to Blue Martini about once a week with a large group of co-workers. Most of the time the service is decent however last night had to be the worst experience I had there. Our amazing waitress Ashley went to lunch And someone else kept checking on out table, when we asked for the bill they were trying to charge us for 6 bottles of wine when I had paid for one with my card and only ordered two more.  I'm not lying when I'm saying it took them 1.5 hrs to get this rights, we sent the waitress back with the receipt four times.  Even Ashley had a hard time getting things through to the manager so he would correct the bill.  I was so upset at the end of the night that I left $0 tip which sucks for Ashley because she was an amazing waitress I just didn't want to leave any money to share with the incompetent staff.  Won't be going back and will bring my business to Tommy Bahamas and Breo.
4	I've been here twice on their Neo-Soul Happy Hour on Sunday nights.  It is a great place to go!  The crowd on these nights is mostly a 30 and over vibe.  They normally have the Star One Allstars Band playing and they are fantastic. Later in the night, a DJ spins R&B and Hip Hop.  There is a dance floor.  The drinks are good but are about $14 so they are not cheap.  They also offer Hookahs although I don't partake in it.  It's a great place to get a table with your friends or just go with your mate and have a relaxing and fun evening.
5	I got over charged $10.00. Pay with cash or get robbed!!!!  The outside patio is worst!
3	The bf & I enjoyed acoustic live music on the patio for an impromptu date night. They have an extended Happy Hour, and that's about the only time I would eat & drink here. Being a local, I am not too excited about a $16 martini unless I'm on stay-cation, but at $7-$8 during HH they are good.We shared the Seared Ahi ($12) & Portobello & Steak flat bread ($6). Food was okay. I've had these dishes a few years ago and they were great, but something was different this time. Service was okay & she did check in with us for last call on happy hour.I have been afterhours with a bunch of girlfriends....wouldn't suggest that to anyone. It's a meat market, & not a good one. ::shudder:: that was a 1 star night.I oscillate btwn 2 stars & 3 because my bf & I enjoyed our dinner date on the patio with music but everything else was just "okay". I really want to say 2.0 but I'm being very kind...just stick with 4-8pm & live music.
5	Last time I was here was about midnite on Sat/31 May with a coupla friends:- For industry folks or military personnel, free admission and 30% off food/drinks (just show your ID card).  - Otherwise, $10 cover charge for men.  Go early enough (before 11 pm) and there's no cover charge yet.- Wednesday ladies night: "Ladies drinks half off all night."  http://bluemartinilounge.com/event/9/las-vegas.html    - Kitchen open until 1 am.  Around midnite I had the $18 (less my discount) lollipop lambchops and it was pretty good.  Came with a side of potatoes but hard to believe the waitress when she said they didn't have any ketchup.- I always get a vodka martini to maximize my booze, since they leave you the martini shaker (& it's remaining contents) with your martini/glass.
5	Town square is one of my favorite places around to go and enjoy my day off or have a quiet night. One place I always frequent when I'm there is Blue Martini. Awesome Happy Hour from 4pm- 8pm. I like to sit outside on the patio which is covered and has plenty of fans and monsters to keep you comfortable fromThe hot dessert sun. Choose from an awesome cocktail/martini menu and relax in a great laid back atmosphere and throw in some hookah.
1	Eff this place!!!!!!!!!  Terrible service and when they give excuses, it only offers to the enduros ting experience. Don't waste your time!!!!!!!
4	Only been here once! Came on a Friday and I thought it was a pretty cool place. First off it was really hard to find parking because there is a few places around here also. The music was old and new school pop. They had the dj on a stage behind the bar. The setup is pretty cool. It is huge! They also have hooka in a different area of the bar. Didn't get to try the food but the drink menu is awesome because there is such a wide selection from house specials to wine and beer. Prices were a little high for the specialty drinks but they were great. Service was slow. They have good happy hours specials from 4 to 8pm. They have an awesome balcony area if you like sitting outside. Definitely recommend this place for a chill fun time or a crazy fun time!
4	I came here with a friend of mine and our agenda was as follows: eat, drink, listen to and dance to music, and most importantly, have great time! All of these things were accomplished that night at Blue Martini. We arrived at 7pm to partake in the HH specials. We ordered 2 blue martinis each, crab cakes, and flatbread. The drinks and food came out in a timely manner. We were able to small talk with the servers before it got too busy and loud. The food was hot, fresh, and tasty. Those drinks are strong and did their job. A cover band entertained the crowd for most of the evening. In between sets  a DJ played some modern tunes. Even after it got busy the waitresses were very friendly and attentive. They cleared our table and made sure we had plenty of water to drink. I enjoyed the mixed crowd of people. It didn't have the club feel of creepy people trying to pick up on unsuspecting dancers. The bathroom was monitored by an attendant so it was always clean which can be a big deal when a lot of ladies have been drinking and dancing all night. My friend and I are already making plans to go back for some more fun at Blue Martini.
4	Love this place. One of my favorite local spots. Good music, great food, some of the best martinis (cucumber martini is my fav) awesome happy hour with half off martinis and discounted food. Outdoor patio with misters to keep everyone cool in the summer.
4	Awesome place for locals to come out and chill. They always have specials for locals in industry nights, and the they play every type of music. I like it!
4	I'm not much into the club scene environments yet this could be a place I would return.  I had been here 5 years ago and never returned, but I now feel I might.  I was meeting a group for a send off party for a friend so I arrived early for some food so I could drink safely.  It was happy hour and food items were discounted and drinks were half price.  I will post photos of the 2 food items. I got crab cakes and ahi tuna on seaweed salad with ginger and 2 sauces wasabi and ponzu. Both were worth the price and tasty! I choose a drink called the Wise Guy. If you are into old fashioned type cocktails you would like this. I was very pleased this second time back!
2	Blue Martini is an okay option.  I am not always the biggest fan of this place, I have only been at the choice of a group of friends or for work social events.  They do have a good selection of cocktails. The food is decent, nothing that I can recommend as a must try.   The prices are pretty much comparable to being on the strip.They have live music occasionally and some dancing, the music varies between bands and DJs, depending on the night/time. Happy Hour is a good option here (drinks are 50% off), and some of the food is discounted. It can get really crowded, and all seating is on a first come, first serve basis.
1	Loved the happy hour specials, our waitress was a train wreck. We ordered water after being in 110 degree heat which took forever to get to the table. It took so long another waitress asked to help us out. When she did come to the table, she gave zero suggestions and starred blankly at us as though we were bothering her. She made sure she watched every other server and how many tables they picked up, but had she paid more attention to us, we probably wouldn't have been in such a rush to get out of there. Food was great, cocktails were amazing! Service sucks!
1	This place is simply not for me. The food and drinks are way overpriced if it's not happy hour. The place is crowded full of artificially dolled up girls and creepy dudes trying to lay them.
3	I love the atmosphere and the location. What I don't understand is why a drink is up to $15?
4	heyyy heyyyy party  time! lol.. yooo west coast doest it so different. lots of L.A. people in vegas. Blue Martni was so fun...
4	I went there with my 2 girlfriends for a singles night, and the night actually was very nice. The host was incredible, and the cover band Vegas Impulse was so amazing, that we pretty much danced all night. I would have given it 5 stars, but paying 14.00 for a Martini was a bit to much, and some of the waitress's needed an attitude adjustment. Overall the place was good.  I can't wait until the next event, but this time I think I'll have a drink before I go there. :)
5	Located in Town Square, just south of the famous Las Vegas Strip. This place has one of the best happy hours in Las Vegas. The food is very good as well. Free drinks for women, and a discount if you get an industry card. Live music without a drink minimum, this place has it all. it is well worth the trip off the reservation so to speak. Oh yes they have an app as well, the coolness refuses to stop. A message to my fellow single men, this place is a cornucopia! thats for this o f you that don't like live music, discounted drinks and a great happy hour! Live It Up You Are In Las Vegas For Cryin' Out Loud!
3	Advertised as having the best happy hour on the Strip, so we thought we'd stop in and check it out. During happy hour drinks and food are half-priced, which will run you about $6 a drink (for a martini) and $6 to $8 for food. Martinis are served in a frosty shaker from which you can refill your glass several times, yum. The location is fantastic and the place itself is impressive in decor and size with three bars inside and a large outdoor patio bar that was absolutely packed with patrons and perfect for hanging out and enjoying the warm Vegas evenings. Local ladies can sign up for a Blue Lady card which will get you a free martini any night of the week from 4pm to 10pm. Not bad.As far as people watching goes, this place is a must. First off, the bartenders (girls and a few guys) and waitresses won't make you gag. The clientele consists of people just getting off work, those who want to be seen and a fair amount of singles. Live music is performed inside throughout the week and ladies night is every Wednesday. Might be a little douchie but we can handle it.
1	Overpriced food and drinks. Crowded, terrible music and overall a turn off for locals. Last time I was there they took my industry card (for 50% off) and replaced it with a new one with only 25% off and raised their prices. Over it and won't be back.
1	I would leave zero stars if I could. I drove all the way down here on a Thursday afternoon to have happy hour with my boyfriend. They turned us away cause my boyfriend had a tank top on. Really!? It's Las Vegas and it's over 100 degrees today and we would be sitting outside. Dress code for what? That's why your're going to eventually go out of business. We went to yard house instead for happy hour where they don't have a dress code. Too bad cause blue martini does have good food and drinks.
1	This place became absolutely horrible! It used to be a good hang out place with nice people, service and drinks. Make no mistake, this is not what it used to be!!! Service is awful, ignorant and inattentive bartenders and servers. What's worst is that there are always a few dumb-dumbs that will be happy to kick you out if some low-life waitress  have been pointed out that she can't do her job. Not a good business strategy! But, hey, if you're up for a bad and rude service, and willing to pay for it, - welcome in!...
4	So much fun. You get to choose where you sit and we always go inside In the summer because we are not insane. So many food options as well as drinks. They have comedy shows and other shows. The bathrooms are very night club. Love coming here for a drink or two.
4	One of my fav happy hours that goes til 8pm as the martinis are fun and delish and half off!  And the Brie is amazing!  Oh and blue cheese olives are a must!Fun for date nights or GNO!  Bartenders and servers have always been very nice!
4	Waitress is slow but the drinks are strong so it makes up for everything . Good atmosphere. Crab cakes amazing. Oh if you work for the casino bring your work ID you'll get % 30 all drinks an food.
1	Had the worst time here at blue martini. .  Wanted to give no stars but gave one star.. will never come back
2	I came here last Saturday night around 10:30 and it was SOOO packed! There wasn't 1 seat available anywhere. I don't mind standing until one is available, but the place was so packed, the music was so loud, and the staff seemed to busy to really notice the new-comers. I'm sure if I had come earlier, I would've had a better experience. Will update my rating when I try this place out again.
5	Awesome place, great food and amazing service. Live music is a plus and the people around are great.I recommend for everybody like that is visiting and want to discovery great places outside the Las Vegas Strip.
5	Great place to have a drink with friends before you head out for the night. Great food, great drinks and great service.  If you're in town be sure to check out Blue Martini.
1	The closing time is posted as 2 am on yelp, however we were forced out of the bar at 1 am. Me and my friend were treated so disrespectfully, and we were not allowed to finish our martini that we paid for.
2	I love this place, they have a great happy hour but I am sorry our service tonight sucked.  Our server whose name I will give to management if they desire was the worst I have ever experienced here.  When we first came in a girl came over asked us for drinks and then sent our server over.  We ordered drinks, got the drinks and then she disappeared.Once our drinks were empty we had to ask some people from HR to get us someone.  A girl came over and said she had no idea where our server disappeared to.  She helped us and finally after our drinks came our original server showed up but the service did not get better.  We asked for more drink she forgot.  We asked for the bill, she forgot.  I had to track her down several times by physically looking for her and finally after we got our check and gave her our card, it literally took her 15 minutes to get us our check back after asking her twice.We will go back but if she is our server we will move to another seat.  She should NOT be working there and that is sad to say but she does not represent this place well at all.
4	A great place for a fabulous Happy Hour!!! I have been here enough times to recommend and genuinely state that happy hour is the epitome of what Blue Martini has to offer at it's best!! Great food, friendly service, nice ambiance and live music. May I suggest the baked Brie cheese platter with a nice chilled glass of Chardonnay...or the ahi tuna dish. Perfect to eat on a hot summer day out on the patio!!
3	It's a fun place to hang out with friends.  Indoor/outdoor setting is really nice to wander around.  The live music was fun,  lots of stuff from the early 2000's.The service is mediocre at best.  We were with a big group and the waitress knew she was guaranteed a 20% tip so she barely helped us.  Our drinks were empty for a long time and she never checked on us, we had to ask other waitresses to track her down if we needed something.
4	I love the Happy Hour at this place, it's like "are you kidding me"?  I met a friend here and for GREAT food and drink our bill was $24??  You can't get great tasting food in this town for two people with drinks for that price.We sat at the bar last night and the service at the bar FAR exceeds the service you get when sitting anywhere else outside.  I talked to one of the Bartender's who said he came from Florida and he said the owners are very selective about the market they open up in and how things are designed and ran, this explains why there's only one in this town right now.What it does not explain is the lack of training given to the young servers they hire to take care of everyone else who is not sitting at the bar.  Every time I have been here and we have not sat at the bar, the service made the experience horrible to the point of why return?  It would be great if the owners or management would take the time to read these reviews.I guess when you have a place with a 7 day a week happy hour and the place is always packed, those few hick ups just don't matter much to you.
4	Bought a groupon for food and drinks. Went with a girlfriend and we had a great time. It was Tuesday so the place wasn't busy at all but the venue is so fun regardless! The music is great and the venue is huge with all kinds of seating so there is tons of places to sit back and relax. I love the lighting and all the variety of rooms. The shrimp dip was amazing, as well as the flat bread! Next time I must try the baked Brie. This is such a perfect date spot, or just a place to chill with some girlfriends. The server we had was amazing! I can't wait to go back.
4	Good venue with lots of size and various areas for changed ambiance in each. Servers and bartenders can be rude but that's almost expected in large places like this. I would go back again but won't come with a date unless i don't care about every drunk person hitting on the one I'm with. Yes, I know that's expected in club type bars but I didn't really notice any security watching for issues so was uncomfortable. I'm not one to usually worry about this but Vegas clubs are a different story. Never know if half the place is altogether or just dumb tourists looking for a rise. Great for singles. Couples... Not so much
3	Have been here 5 or 6 times for the happy hour and have generally had a good experience. Good food, drinks and environment. Live music is usually pretty good as well. Where it needs improvement is the service. Party of 3 went the other night and arrived at 7pm. Placed our first order within about 10 minutes of sitting down and that was the last chance we got to order for happy hour which ended at 8pm. We got our first round of drinks and food around 7:20 and we didnt see our server again until about 8:10!! Unacceptable. Even though the drinks, food, and band were good, if dont have the chance to order any of it, it doesnt do much good does it. Not the first time we have had subpar service and after this time I wont be going out of my way to make it over there. Its worth a try if youve never been, hopefully you get a good server, because everything else is good.
4	Great food, great view, and great happy hour specials. What more can you ask for?
5	I came back last week for Happy Hour and totally enjoyed myself. The drinks were amazing and the appetizer was great also. The key for me, is to come when they open up so you get a good seat. It was packed by 6 pm. Our waitress was super friendly and came over multiple times making sure we were well taken care of. Definitely a great place to hang out with friends and enjoy some great drinks.
1	Blue Martini seems to be having an identity crisis. They seem to be constantly changing the vibe of the place in order to bring back the crows. The thing is, it is not bring the kind of crowed it use to. The music ranges from mediocre to just shoot me already. After last night's experience, we will not be going back.Although this did not happen to me this time, the server padded the bill of another couple we were with. Not sure if she thought she could get away with it since my friends were drunk. Its sad really. This place use to be one of our favorites about 4 years ago.
5	My lady and i just got back today from spending 5 days in sin city and stopped by this place on Sunday and had a great time. We love the place, live band, food, grown folk atmosphere..reminds me of warm daddy's back in philly. keep up the good work and next time we visit vegas we will def be back !!!My only disappointment with this place on sunday was they were charging $150 to reserve tables near the stage, all you got was a small bottle of ciroc.
5	I love this place, specially during happy hour!  The waitress are really cool!  The drinks are amazing!  I like a couple of dishes there, the crab dip is my favorite.  My main concern:  I'm not into hooka, but we were sitting on the patio, I was watching the hooka girl preparing the hooka's for the guest that order it (Ok, I kid you not, get ready for this one ya'll}  She took a puff off the hooka, she didn't wipe off the mouth piece, then she just took it over to the guest!  That is straight nasty!  So as we sat there, and she was preparing the next one I had my husband and our friend watch her!  She freaking did the same thing again!  I tried to take pictures of her, not while she was doing it, but just in general, but she kept turning her head, lol  DON'T DO THE HOOKA AT BLUE MARTINI, IF YOU DO YOU BETTER WATCH HER SET YOURS UP!
3	Pretty good place to have drink. The food is pretty good also. Sometimes the bands in specific the "singers" they hire are uhhh, not always on key, to put it nicely.... But it's still fun!! :)
4	This is a great go-to happy hour for a group of friends, and I loved having the Hookah option outside. We ordered a mandarin orange flavor shisha that was delightful. My favorite drinks were the ginger gypsy and white sangria. We also enjoyed the caprese  salad with buffalo mozzarella  and Thai chicken skewers. I love when they have live music and the indoor / outdoor seating options are great.  Be careful to dress appropriately. No tank tops for guys, my friend found out the hard was and was not allowed  inside. But, truthfully he should have known better.  This is a classy place!
3	I've been here a few times, located in the Town Square (South of the Strip). Came here during happy hour and then a couple times during the evening. It definitely has a chill vibe since we go there majority for live acoustic music. Haven't been disappointed with the entertainment but it's another thing when it comes to service.. We came in through the door, stood for a while near the entrance. No one seemed to have noticed we existed and we had employees of the company pass by us many times and still not recognize we needed to be seated. After a good 8 minutes we decided to look for a empty table for three and sat. A server then made time to come check up on us but did not take any orders. It's weird how the place is compact, so you find yourself sitting 5 feet away from the next table so I would assume it would be easier from customer to customer. I went up to the bar and ordered drinks from the bartender instead since our server really had no intentions of catering to our needs. They have cooling misters during the summer which is nice for a drink in this desert. We decided to have just that one drink and left. Maybe they were a bit busy, but it doesn't give you a reason not to let your customers know that at least they'll be checking on you shortly. I still contemplate on coming back here, but only for the live acoustic music.
4	I like hanging out here with the girls on Wednesdays. Good food and drinks fun atmosphere. Sometimes the band they have playing is fun but sometimes they're absolutely horrible. We still manage to have fun regardless. Wait staff is always friendly but sometimes it's hard to get someone to help you but that's understandable considering they're crazy packed on Wednesday for ladies night.
3	I went there today during happy hour which is from 4-8pm. The drinks and food are half-priced, which is about $6 a drink for a martini and around $6 to $12 for food. This is my first time there. I ordered Fly me to the moon martini and it was strong and good. The martinis are served in a frosty shaker and you can refill your glass several times. The lemon chicken was good and the service was ok. The place is huge with several bars, the occupancy is 750. The decor is nice. We sat on the large outdoor patio bar that was packed. The music was loud and it gets more loud as time goes by. It is too loud for me as we could not hold any conversation. The best part is local ladies can sign up for a Blue Lady card which will get you a free martini and I believe any night of the week from 4pm to 10pm.
5	I am a true martini fan and this place was PERFECT for what I was looking for. My girlfriends and I enjoyed the live band and the attentive waitresses.
2	'Twas the night before Christmas, when all through the houseNot a creature was stirring, not even a mouse;That was pretty much the reaction of all the people that happened to drop in last night (Tuesday around 10pm) at Blue Martini. The music was still blasting out of the speakers, the bouncer is still checking IDs, but there was at most 20 people including the staff inside.  That is just cra-cra from a business operations perspective.Not sure what happened to this place.  But even in the middle of the week on "industry nights" Blue Martini was a pretty happening place a few years ago.  I am not a regular but from the pictures shared on FB and other social media, it was a fantastic place to hangout with friends and meet new ones.  But now, we walk in after celebrating a coworker's birthday downstairs at another restaurant and the place was like, reserved for VIPs that have yet to arrive.  It felt like walking into that habitually closed and then opened briefly under new management strip club on W. Sahara. The place is big, but how can you stay open when the staff to patrons ratio is almost 1:3 (and I am counting the hostess and bouncer at the front and the bathroom attendant(s).Anyway, I hope they do better on other more busy nights. Because even with the discounted appetizers and drink specials, without a happening crowd to fill all the squared footage that Blue Martini occupies, they will soon go the way of the prior neighbor Cadillac Ranch.2 stars partly for nostalgia, their flat breads and the still eye catching outfits of female bartenders.
1	First let me start by saying I hate leaving negative reviews. I'd just rather not even leave one. In fact I took some time to really think about what transpired before leaving this review. Didn't want emotions to overtake my ability to be fair. I was in town for a wedding and I'd heard so much about this place. The first day we tried to go they had not opened yet. We went back a few days later. First the hostess was on the phone when my part of 4 walked in she never looked up to greet us and never made eye contact. She muttered she needed to see our ID and that we could sit anywhere. Already I'm thrown off, do your job and greet people properly. As we were told to sit anywhere we did, found a booth. We were ready to kick back have some drinks, food and hookah. We sat for at least 10min and no one I mean no ever came over to assist. We keep seeing other people receiving service. We are now becoming irritated. The hookah service is provided by an outside company and the hookah girl was the only person to give notice to us. We asked for the manager. Now I don't know who hired this lady but she (manager) was HORRIBLE!! We explained to her how long we had been sitting with no help. Not once did she apologize or even try to make the situation better. She simply told us the waiter was late as in late to work. Remember I explained we were told to sit anywhere. In fact the "manager" made it seem like we were wrong for pointing out to her how terrible the service had been. I didn't get her last name but her first name was Lana. The general manager really needs to know just how horrible the customer service is in this establishment. If I could give it no stars I would. After the way we treated and the way Lana spoke to us we were ready to leave. The only positive feedback I have is for the bar manager Christian, he saw how we were "handled" came over and apologized he even gave us complimentary drinks. He is the only bright spot in this joke for a restaurant/bar.
5	I LOVE Blue Martini! It is so much fun whether you're trying to go crazy or just hang out and have a drink. They have an awesome happy hour from 4-8 that includes food. If you sign up for the ladies' VIP card, you get a free drink every time you come to Blue Martini. My favorites there are the Peach Pit and the Pomerita. The drinks are pretty strong (in my opinion) and they come with a refill in a shaker so its kind of like two drinks for the price of one. They also have an amazing spinach and artichoke dip, probably my favorite out of anywhere. The service is usually pretty good as well. I could rave on and on about this place, go check it out!!Another little tip- its especially fun when Empire Records performs there. They are a 90s cover band and they totally hype the place up!
5	I can't stress how great his place is. Happy hour 4-8pm and the food and drinks are all really good. Ask for Rachel! She is THEE BEST at taking care of her people and she has a great personality!
3	I love the martini selection, my favorite is the "Skinny Bitch." I love the atmosphere, especially on the balcony. The happy hour deals are great. Lastly, I really like to hookah services offered. BUT, the service is never really that great. If you have time to sit around and wait for everything then it's not a big deal, but if you are in a hurry want to get a drink and go, you will be there a while. Also, if you are sitting inside, and they have live music, you will not hear you neighbor, it gets very loud. Overall, I like Blue Martini for the drinks, hookah, sitting on the balcony, and the happy hour deals, but the service is so-so, and if there is a live band, forget about carrying a conversation!
5	Blue is a great place to grab drinks, listen to good music, and all the staff is great!!
2	I used to enjoy this place. I would go here at least 1-2 a month for the past few years. Great for local and south end living. also can get a industry card which is great. However, the Service has really taken a turn for the worse. Bartenders are too cool for school and seem judge people on wallet size. I was dressed down and didn't look like a total tool-bag, which is the client type the serve now a days, they kinda blew me off. the food is ok. I do believe it has ALWAYS been overpriced but yet again the industry card. Now everytime I go there, LOUD bands kill all conversation. I can't remember a time a band HASN'T played there in the recent times I've been there. I like Live music, but this place really doesn't seem to be geared for Live music. Really, If the Bartenders weren't pure garbage, this place would get back to an average to very good rating
5	One of my favorite places to go out very good choice of cocktails,they very tasty and looks perfect,great food, beautiful lounge .when it's not too hot you can sit outside and you got a great view on town square .the Happy hour make this place even better 50%off on your cocktails
5	Love the happy hour! Cocktails are strong and good.  My girlfriends and I go here all the time, always a great time!  Love Wednesdays, ladies drink 50% off all night, fits my pocket book. Ask for the lady VIP card at the hostess stand, love me a free drink!
3	I have been her several times and I think it's a pretty cool chill spot. I believe every night there is a different theme. I know for sure that Sundays are Neo Soul night. It's usually jammed packed crowed with folks and they have a live band. Even if you're not into the "night life" scene, it's still a fun place to go to hang out with your people and meet new faces. Happy hour is great, drinks are good, and there's no cover.
4	Review is for Blue Martini as an event space only. I had a really great experience booking a last minute holiday party for 43 people under $2100 (including food, booze, tax & 20% autograt). My boss decided to have a department party about a week earlier and after scrambling to find a place with availability that was also reasonably priced, I thought of Blue Martini. The biggest deciding factor was that they let large groups to do happy hour drinks (50% off everything) which runs every day till 8pm. They also allowed us to use our own printed drink tickets to limit people to 2 each, and my boss was happy they were really strict about collecting tickets when they took drink orders. They had 2 other groups booked inside, so we ended up on the patio, which worked out fine even on a 50 degree night. Hooray for heat lamps. Lana the event manager was great about sending me info and answering questions via email, and she was also on site to address any issues during the event. I had to ask for additional tables, and had questions on whether food was being replenished - Lana was always available and super helpful. I'll admit I had kind of low expectations for the food, but the prime rib was surprisingly good - the price was reasonable at $325/50 people (+$50 set up fee), potatoes were $125 and their portions were generous. I would probably pass on the caprese salad because the cheese wasn't very good, but we only went with 1 order (feeds 22ppl) it was a larger portion than expected. People less food snobby than I am thought it was fine. 1 order of the Spinach artichoke dip ($85) was also a bigger serving than expected - a half pan filled about halfway and a big bowl of chips. We got 3 orders of the assorted flatbread ($50 each), which seemed like kind of a smaller portion for 22ppl each, but still decently priced and everybody loves flatbread.  A few negatives - 1 cocktail server for that many people doesn't make sense and bartenders are still as slow as they were years ago. Plastic plates are ok I guess, but you try cutting prime rib with plastic cutlery. They were pretty bad about clearing dirty plates and glasses from their tiny cocktail tables, I often ended up bussing tables myself. The live music actually brought the energy down - it's not a fun band anymore, just 1 guy playing the worst loungey/jazzy version ever of Megan Trainor's All About Bass. Those are minor things and everybody had a good time, which is all that matters. My boss liked it so much that he's talking about having another event in a few months. We all had a lot of fun times at Blue Martini (maybe 6 or 7 yrs ago?), and although this was a great party, I'm not really motivated to start hanging out here again - it's definitely more of an older crowd now, so just not my scene.
4	I've liked Blue Martini ever since it opened, but the visits have been few and far between, because it's pretty far away from where I live.  But we were invited to a private party, so who can resist unlimited free booze and food??  Servers were very efficient, and we never had to wait very long to give a drink order or get the drink.  Lots of different appetizers were served, finger foods that were mostly fried.  Pigs in blankets, mini crab cakes, and a host of others that were tasty.  Though I usually don't order them, I couldn't resist, since this was dinner for us. There were plenty of tables for seating.An excellent cover band was playing, but unfortunately I never did get their name.  Good music, and the girl singer had a great voice.Great evening at Blue Martini, and hope not to stay away as long!
1	Took 10 minutes to have server first come to the table. 20 minutes to get the bill processed. No apology for the wait. Good drinks, poor service.
