4	A dinner date here is always sets the right mood for the evening with its superb service, mouth-watering food, and romantic ambiance.  The salmon is baked in a paper wrap and when they slice it open...oooo la la!  My boyfriend swears by the risotto there though.  He's completely enamored with it!
4	Wolfgang Puck's establishment at The Venetian meets the standards we've come to associate with his food.  Pizza, pasta and seafood are plentiful and reasonably priced.  Decent bottles of wine can also be had for about $30 a bottle.  Postrio is located conveniently near the main entrance of the Canal Shops maze.
4	I struggled with this rating.We were told that we could sit at the bar if we wanted to sit soon and being that we had gondola tickets in 80 minutes and hunger right then and there, we chose the bar.  We were told it would be the same menu.  We are seated in what would be a very nice booth anywhere else but here they refer to it as sitting at the bar becuase its not at the main restaurant.  We are given the Cafe Menu.  I ask for the Tasting Menu and the waiter goes into this whole long song and dance about how there are two different menus and two different chefs and his chef will say no.  At this table with me is a waitress at another 4 star Vegas restaurant who totally joins me in making fun of this fool who just bascially told us we cant spend $100 a person here because we are seated on the other side of a halfwall and we can only spend a total of $100 for 3 people.  This weird waiter must work for some other reason then tips.  In the end however, the food won out.  The "Liquid therapy" menu hit the right spot with a "Flirtini" but not so much with the Mango Martini.  The bread served in a bag with some of the creamiest butter was simply heaven.  The dishes were served with excellent presentation.As they were laid out on the table, quirky waiter returns with gusto asking how everything is. Um, buddy no one has tasted anything yet.He comes back 5 minutes later to ask again while we are all midchew. When we could talk we reported its goodness.  My experience with 3 or 4 cheese ravioli in a cream sauce is that the cheeses are muted.  Here however, the cheeses each came alive with each bite.  The sauce and the roasted pine nuts and chopped grape tomatoes were a perfect blend.  The pesto cream sauce needs to be finished, every last drop from your plate with the good bread.  It's too good to leave a drop!The couscous was light as air and the chicken fettucine was also mixed to combine but not overpower the natural tastes, so I was told.  So it could have been the waiter that marred the experience but all in all, I would say it was very good but not as amazing as its San Francisco companion.
3	decent casino restaurant from the wolfgang puck family tree. service was ok as was the food but there wasn't anything that really stood out. the selection of wines seemed a bit limited and.. em.. top shelf supermarket-ish. not bad but there's certainly better, more challenging options out there.
3	Calamari appetizer was quite good, pizza was not. I would probably avoid this restaurant (the Wolfgang Puck name doesn't have much cachet with me at this point).
4	Peking duck was surprisingly close to authentic. Endless bread. Delicious drink (I forgot what mine was called, but it included some tropical fruits & rum). A bit pricy, but what do you expect from Wolfgang Puck? :)  This lovely restaurant is in the Venetian and, if you're lucky, you can get seated "outside" and listen to Italian opera singers while you dine. Gets major brownie points for being located right across from Jimmy Choo & Burberry!
4	I had the grilled tuna here...and let me tell you, it was awesome.  The mushroom soup was very good as well....not as creamy as one would expect which made it a nice surprise.  The steak was quite tender and juicy, and the dessert are alllll great except the apple coppler.  The servers were great and constantly refilled your glass of water.  Well enjoyed food.
4	i've had the salmon entree on a few occasions and it never disappoints. i enjoy a glass of wine and sitting "outside" by the shops...beyond humorous people watching.
4	3.5 starsdecent, italian fare. i loved my pasta, had a wonderful drink or five and had a great dinner.i would go back if at the venetian. sitting on that courtyard is just so awesome!
3	3.5 Stars.Ordered an Arnold Palmer -- the glass was NEVER empty.  They refilled/replaced it when I was only half done (ice melted too much?) Excellent service!!!The beet salad had really good beets but really salty salad.  The bread served in paper bag ~ cute!!Only one in our part ordered an appetizer, but they made the rest of us wait through his eating it (instead of asking us if we want to order some food for the rest of the table or asking us when we want to be served).  So, we ended up all staring at him while he ate his soup.The mushroom pizza was good, but the lobster sandwich was not as impressive as a good old New England lobster roll and the salads apparently were just, plain (according to those who ordered it).I'd go again cuz it's fun hanging out in the plaza and see the acts, plus, you can be there all day with the non-stop Arnold Palmer!
4	If you're a fan of Wolfgang Puck, you must savor the flavors of this awesome restaurant.  I can't think of a better location for Postrio than at St. Mark's Square in the Venetian Hotel, i.e., great food with the romantic ambiance of Venice...minus the expensive flight to the real thing.  There are two seating options.  You can dine in their formal dining room which is more elegant and intimate or you can opt  for a more casual setting on their patio.  We opted for the patio so we could people watch and sit under the artificially painted blue skys of Italy.  I'm a big fan of fusion food and I would label this restaurant as an American, Asian, and European fusion restaurant.  What was good here?  Everything we had.  Most notable was the Lobster Club Sandwich.  I know what you're thinking...a sandwich....how good can a sandwich be?  Well, let me tell you...my husband and I had this lobster club 6 years ago and to this day, I still dream about it.  It's that good.  I long to sink my teeth into another lobster club, but don't think I'll get that opportunity again until my kids are older.  By that time, my teeth would have fallen off and I would have to have it liquidated so I can sip it through a straw.
4	Went to Postrio for lunch on 3/4/07. I was actually trying to find Bouchon but got lost and was too hungry to continue on. I had a pasta with Bolognese sauce. It was all right, but the flavor didn't blow me away. The pasta was cooked al dente and good, but without a good sauce, the dish didn't quite hit the spot. My friend had the skirt steak sandwich with balsamic glazed onions, watercress, and blue cheese aioli. He said it was the best skirt steak he's ever had. And though I'm not a meat eater, I also thought the skirt steak was exceptional - very tender. The fries that came with it were hot and lightly mixed with parsley and parmesan. We sat in the courtyard and service was friendly and courteous.
5	Disclosure:  My cousin is a bartender hereSeriously, she makes the best Mai Tais ever!  They're so good the restaurant decided to add her recipe to the drink menu.  Hang out at the bar, a great cast of local characters always find their way in to hang out with the bartenders.
4	Stopped in here a while ago for dinner with the family while staying at the Venetian. Didn't look like much from the outside, but I was taken aback by the classy interior. Server was very professional, no pens or pads, got to know us and gave us detailed descriptions of all the specials and anything we asked. I ended up ordering some sort of boiled spinach salad and the filet mignon. Though pricey at around $50, I felt it was worth it. It was fired at a high temperature with a salt/pepper crust and the inside was bloody as hell, just like I ordered. Was topped with caramelized onions and had a side of yukon gold mashed potatoes which were very well-made. Although there are other places I would dine at in Vegas before this one, it's definitely worth stopping by and shelling out a few bucks if you find yourself in the hotel.
4	I have to step outside of myself to write this review: I don't typically dine at restaurants in Postrio's stratum.That being said, I can echo the sentiment about the service. It was very classy and meticulous. Our waters were always filled (with Voss), warm towels, replacement of napkins upon return from the restroom, the impression that our server tried to forge as intimate a relationship with our party as he could. I got the fish special: a Mediterranean sea bass that was filleted, table-side. It was a 'reasonable' $35 and served on a bed of beluga lentils + greens. It was tremendous.I couldn't eat the appetizer that the rest of my party ordered (shellfish platter) but the presentation was great and they all seemed very satisfied.Would I dine there, again? Yes, but only when I felt like I could afford $100+ (w/wine) per person: maybe after a good night at the tables, perhaps? As it were, my tab was picked up by my company, God love 'em.
4	This is a review of the Postrio CAFE.While I was not thrown out of this world by any of the food or service, it was a solidly decent meal.  It was our last meal in town, we were tired and ready to jump on the plane home and wanted something a bit more 'comforting'.  Postrio was able to provide this without fail. Our meal began with two tropical unsweetened iced teas (their standard iced tea) and an order of fritto misto of calamari, shrimp and summer veggies drizzled with balsamic vinegar and arugula.  It was cooked just right and the balsamic vinegar added a nice flavor (although to be honest, it took me a couple bites to figure out what the 'black' liquid was all over the food).The husband ordered lasagna, which i personally wasn't all that impressed with - it seemed soggy and watery, although the sausage they used was homemade and tasted great.  He loved it.  I ordered an angus cheeseburger.  I asked for it to be cooked 'medium' and it came out medium well, which was okay since that is  what I usually order, but it definitely wasn't cooked as I had requested.  The fries were good and the pickle tasted homemade and I enjoyed every last crunchy bite of it.Dessert was delicious as well and we had no problem polishing it off.  It was a blueberry gelato served over a blueberry crumble.  It was very good, but nothing phenomenal.If you're looking for a culinary adventure, the cafe may not be the best stop, but it's great for a slightly upscale casual meal (with an upscale pricetag to go with it).  The cafe wasn't full and seems to be readily available without reservations.
3	Las Vegas food critic John Curtas (KNPR) picked Postrio as restaurant of the year for 2004, and named one of Postrio's dishes the best entre of 2005.  A member of the Wolfgang Puck stable, Postrio says it serves contemporary American cuisine, such as steaks, seafood, and those most quintessential of American foods: Italian pastas and pizzas.  Dinner is available in the informal cafe or the more formal dining room; lunch is available only in the cafe.  I opted for lunch.The menu varies according to location (dining room or cafe) and meal (lunch or dinner).  The lunch menu offers such choices as pork wienerschnitzel, Hungarian goulash, and a lobster club sandwich, as well as pizza and pasta.Lunch is served in the "outdoor" cafe portion of the restaurant.  It's open to the shopping area and trompe l'oeil sky.  The background noise level is generally not bad, but it gets a bit much when nearby performers start singing.I ordered pork wienerschnitzel, Austrian potato salad, and whole grain mustard sauce.  It was a thin but obscenely large piece of pork - about 7" by 10" - crisp and not greasy.  A lemon provided needed acidity, and the mustard sauce was mild but had good flavor.  All in all, a good combination.  On the other hand, the potato salad was bland.  I was pleased with my lunch, but it wasn't anything spectacular.  Perhaps I'll need to give it another try at dinner time.
4	I visited Postrio with a friend on Tuesday night and had a very good experience.  The service was outstanding, the atmosphere was elegant without being stuffy and the wine selection had a very nice range of types and prices.  My friend and I both started with the vegetable terrine and it was delicious!  For our entree I had the duck and she had the bouillabaisse seafood dish.  The duck was good, but I have had better, perfectly tender but lacking a bit in flavor.  The seafood dish was flavorful and very fresh.  For dessert we had the creme brulee and the cheese plate.  Each were good, but not outstanding.  Our server, I think his name was Mark, was friendly, informative and gave us a lot of attention without harrassing us.  Perfectly balanced.I would go back and try other items on the menu because overall it was a very enjoyable experience.
5	One of my favorite places to eat dinner in Vegas.   It's nice without being stuffy, intricately cooked without being pompous and romantic without being kitschy.   You can eat on the patio and enjoy St. Mark's square, or the more formal dining room.Everything I've eaten here has been great, and very reasonably priced for the quality.   I've had the fliet, the duck and the tilapia (i think... it was like a year and a half ago. i know it was an obscene chunk of delicious fish).  However, the real stars of Postrio, as with any Puck restaurants, are the desserts.  I've twice enjoyed the pistachio gelato with port cherries.  So good.  So very good.The formal dining room is great for a nice, romantic dinner.  The patio is great for something more laid back.
5	I will forever dream of that $60 summer truffle risotto....my god, it was glorious.
3	Colleague's friend raved about this place so we made reservations for a party of 5 to try this place out. It was packed on the "outdoor" seating area so we sat inside. Service was tremendously slow, is this Vegas type of deal? All these supposedly fancy and upmarket restaurants have mediocre food and super slow service for some odd reason! I had the seafood boulabaisse which was ordinary, certainly not wow, was kinda similar to other ordinary Italian places that I've been too. It wasn't bad but it certainly wasn't off the wall good!Colleagues said their ahi tuna dishes were moderate but supposedly the steak was not to be missed.I had to leave early for the Cirque show at Treasure Island so apparently, I missed out on a good chocolate dessert. I've tried other Wolfgang's restaurants but this did not stand out.
4	This is based on the cafe experience more so than the restaurant.  The menu for the cafe seemed a lot more appetizing than the regular menu so we decided to give it a shot.  Besides that, it was outdoor-cafe like seating (well it's in the Venetian, so it's more pseudo-outdoor).  The sausage platter for starters was fabulous.  It had three different types, a chicken w/ sun dried tomatoes, a pistachio with pepper, and a smoked garlic apple.  it also included three mustard to compliment them as well.  The sweet apricot mustard was intoxicating and blended well with all the meats.  The standard Dijon and ale mustard's were quite bold and went well with all as well.The halibut was extremely buttery and tender.  The vinaigrette and condiments that came with it truly was a great mixture of flavors.  And the Pork Wierneschznitzel was extremely good as well.  It was buttered  and seasoned to perfections with a perfectly baked panko crumb crust.The service was great and the prices weren't astronomical to break the bank either.  Plus you don't have to wait forever like the restaurant section, and the serving portions are very generous.
4	I rarely have such mixed feelings about my experience at a restaurant. It's normally a question of whether or not I left the place with a general sense of satisfaction. I still crave the dish I ordered that day (slices of garlic cloves and slivers of parmesan tend to make quite an impression on one's taste buds even weeks after consumption), but I can't weigh my entire score on the food.The hostess made me feel like a disgusting transient as she lurched me over to a table and told me to expect a waiter soon. The waiter and the rest of the staff were fine, but I still felt as though I was the disappointment among the clientele because I was only a party of one in a city crammed with dining couples.The rustic "artisan-style" loaf fought off my hunger for a while, but the spicy Chilean red wine and pungent, hearty pasta arrived quickly. Still, I felt little love :-( Lady Suzanne's hourly opera show, however, brought a tear to everyone's eye and added about two stars to my score. I'd have to say that my seat was perfect for watching this performance--as well as every other show that the Venetian hosts at the Grand Canal Shoppes. Few performers can pull off a Disney Princess persona and still retain my respect. She's bad@$$....Yes, I consider her to be part of the dining experience. She sure saved THIS review, didn't she?In closing, the food and the entertainment were the strong points at this establishment. Had the hostess shown me a slightly kinder shade of contempt, maybe I could have found the heart to add another star.
3	I think that the setting was more enchanting than anything else... in the middle of "Saint Mark's Square" within the Venetian Hotel and Casino. The food was decent, and even inventive on a few things (though not so inventive as to turn off the tourist trade), more than anything else the service was amazingly slow.
4	Hubby and I liked this place.Pizza was plain and simple.... a little drenched in oil but very good.Porcinni Mushroom raviolli were soooo good.We had a pitcher of Sangria it was soooooooooo good and cheap $25 bucks for a pretty big pitcher.There is one thing that I am confused....Why does  the cafe menu you can eat in and outside where the regular menu you just can eat inside and not outside?I didn't get that.... wouldn't you think it will be the opposite?
4	I only ate TWICE in Vegas.Not because I was on a mission to fit into my dresses. Not because I wasn't hungry. WHY THEN?Because like always, we had NO time. haha. I was SO happy we got to roam around and tour at least one hotel. We picked the right spot. Margaritas were to DIE for. You could taste the fresh squeezed lime juice.Bruschetta was perfection. $7 for about 2 small toasted crostini's and tomatoes is steep but HEY its Vegas!Tomato soup was soooo good. I thought of Lily L b/c she always orders soup so I had to give this one a try. Soft Shell Crab sandwich has got to be the BEST thing ever!! So filling and delicious! Too bad I could only handle half of a half! Margherita pizza was the only thing that didn't blow me away. It was very oily. I was going to award 5 stars but it was very normal food that tasted very good in VEGAS. For the price, I could have gone to the best restaurant in SJ and had my world rocked.
5	Went to the cafe, which is the patio area.Fried parmesan risotto balls - 4 small fried balls (about 1 inch each) with tomato sauce.  It was pretty good but I don't think I would order it again.Crispy shrimp, calamari, olive and zucchini - sooooo good.  The batter was seasoned and very lightly coated onto the ingredients.Prosciutto pizza - fresh tasting...can be a bit salty with the olives.  I liked how the prosciutto was spread out and cut into little pieces as opposed to a huge pile in the middle of the pizza.Porcini mushroom ravioli - very fresh mushrooms.Flirtini martini - fruity, a little strong but good.Total came out to be $72.  I would go again...it's a nice place to people watch.
5	This is a review for the cafe.My first trip to Las Vegas (like my second) was very short and sweet. My last family vacation before marriage, it was great fun but Vegas in June proved to be a mistake. Because of the sizzling temperatures we didn't leave the Venetian Hotel for 48 hours. The extreme dryness and cigarette smoke caused a few bloody noses and some yucky allergies, but we did manage to have some good family time before gratefully returning home. In a city with glorious high end food I maintained discipline a month before my wedding, but I did manage to scarf down the best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had at Postrio, Wolfgang Puck's cafe in St. Mark's Square. The moist chicken salad was combined with celery, apples, and port glazed grapes on pecan-raisin toast. Mom and I shared this sandwich and I was so sorry when my half was gone.
4	We came here by chance after watching The Phantom of the Opera.  It was the only place that we didn't have to wait in line & with the ticket stubs, we got a 25% discount on the entire bill!  Totally worth it!Appetizers were tasty.  We had the octopus (okay, not great), french fries (super yummy with an aioli dipping sauce) & prosciutto and melon (there's no way to mess this up :-p).The entrees were better than the appetizers.  The linguine & spicy lobster was the best of what we ordered.  Homemade pasta that was cooked perfectly.  I had the cioppino that was very nice, light and brothy, not too salty or too much tomato.  The halibut was a pretty big portion and pretty good (I didn't try it).  The only iffy entree was the calzone.  It was big but it wasn't anything special and was, apparently, barely warm in the middle, none the less, the guy finished it :-p.I would definitely recommend the pasta & check the playbill at the Phantom for the discount.  We saved over $30.
4	Postrio is one of many Wolfgang Puck restaurants in Vegas.  I read somewhere that Puck has single-handedly put Vegas on the map as a culinary destination.  Back in the day (before my time), Vegas was home to $1.99 pancake breakfasts with a slice of ham steak and two eggs any style and all-you-can-eat buffets comprised of questionable food stuffs.  Now, you will find so many top chefs have taken a gamble (no pun intended) and opened high-caliber restaurants thus further raising the bar for newcomers.  Postrio has two separate dining areas with corresponding menus, the "outdoor" and indoor areas.  We chose the outdoor seating because we were accompanied by my darling two year old nephew. I order a small plate of heirloom melon with prosciutto, figs and a cheese filled cookie/cracker sweetened by honey.  It was delicous.  All of the flavors blended seamlessly.  The only thing that irritated me a bit was the fact that the servers brought my salad/small plate at the same time they served my entree.  Personally I prefer my salad as a first course then the entree.  But the taste of the item (delish) made up for the weird timing.My dad and I were still pretty full from lunch so we split the margherita pizza.  Since Wolfgang Puck is synonymous with pizza, it was a must try.  Very tasty.  For dessert we all split this really yummy strawberry cream puff pie.  OMG so yummy!  Postrio's is a nice place if you want to have a relatively quick, but tasty bite of food.
2	let's give credit where credit is due.  wolfgang *did* see the potential in vegas w/spago years before emeril, bobby flay, and mario et al from the food network started setting up shop (sigh...and now thomas keller).  i'm disappointed, as there are too many good restaurants in vegas to demand such high prices for sub-par food riding primarily on a celeb chef's name.  if it weren't for the fact that my girlfriend (local vegas girl) brokered free drinks and meal, plus great service for us, i would've given postrio 1 star.  the food isn't bad, but it is not impressive, far from it.  the GM sat with us for most of our meal and had his exec chef in the kitchen give us special attention throughout the night, but still the food was so-so.  seated near us....a table of 10+ girls, 1 wearing a veil (bachelorette party)...very loud and...well, stereotypical vegas scene.  cheesy.
4	Tasty lamb sandwich for lunch. That's about it. Simple lunch, simple food, nothing memorable.
5	Three words....SUMMER....TRUFFLE....RISOTTO!!!!I was lucky enough dine at Postrio as a guest of the GM...so our party of 8 tried EVERYTHING on the menu. The food is wonderful, expensive...but very good...no disappointment here. Now, I probably would have given this restaurant 4 stars, but the SUMMER TRUFFLE RISOTTO bumped them up to 10 stars! I can still taste this risotto in my mouth, I dream about it, I crave it...and I may have called this past weekend to see if they had it as a special again.....sadly, they didn't..... :( I will call every time I go to Vegas, hoping that I will again taste that heavenly SUMMER TRUFFLE RISOTTO.
4	I remember going there awhile ago in 2007.  They charge to share plates.  Lamb was excellent.  Probably favorite Wolfgang Puck Restaurant so far, not  much of a fan of the others.Environment:  Inside Venetian Hotel.  Middle area of all restaurants & shopping area.  Nice, so dress nice.Recommendation:  Sit in Patio area to hear the musicians play in the middle court.
3	I had duck and my boyfriend had seared tuna. We were with a group of about 15 of us, Dinner was fine but a bit pricey for what it was. The house made chocolates that they brought out were absolutely a dream though!
3	Disclaimer: reviewing for the fine dining area.  Not the outside cafe-style seating, not the wine - just the fine dining.Sad.It makes me sad that a place I'd enthusiastically give 5 stars to two years ago has fallen to 3-star status in my book.I liked this place enough that two years ago I've taken groups of 20+ people here twice, and been here numerous times since the first week of its opening (just like Aquaknox!).It's not really so much the price - I do not feel that it is particularly more expensive than most other Vegas equivalents.  It's certainly more expensive than the other Wolfgang Puck establishments in Vegas until Cut came to the Palazzo, but it used to be well worth the money.Slowly, but surely, the menu deteriorated as time went on.  From the first few times where I eagerly tried many different house recommendations to my most recent visit last month - numerous favorites have either gone the ways of Houdini or had its quality drastically cut.I'll start with the seared John Dory.  John Dory isn't often served in restaurants, but this place had it seared to perfection.  It still remains in my memory as the most tender white flaky fish I ever had.  I wish I would have ordered it more the first few years, but I did not and I regret it.Then, the Peking Duck was a great dish as well.  Low in terms of quantity, but superb in quality.  Besides, that just saves you room for more appetizer and desert.  It's almost always sold out early on into the night.  Now, I think it's replaced by a Duck Breast entree, that just isn't nearly as tasty.  Sniff.They used to serve (domestic) Kobe Beef here, ya know?  Kobe Beef is not my cup of tea, but everyone else loved it.  That's not there anymore either - tis a shame.But no worries, because without the Kobe Beef - they still had a house special ribeye that was very delicious.  Actually, that's gone too.So what *is* left that's still pretty good?Scallops.  I can't remember if it's an appetizer or entree, but per my usual ways we order it like an appetizer.  I remember one time I was so crazy about their scallops I came here and ordered 6 orders.  I think I scallop-overdosed, but it was a very memorable experience and one I do not regret doing again.*Edit*I forgot about the chilled seafood platter they serve.  It's excellent - yeah, that's one reason I'd go back.  Phew, almost forgot about that!I don't think their pasta is bad, but there's plenty of better Pasta places in Vegas.  And by better - I mean, not even comparable better.You know, based on my most recent experience I'd have given this place two stars based on how it stacks up versus all the other possible places you can eat at in Las Vegas.  But for the sake of what it used to be, and the possibility of what it can become again one day in the future - let's leave it at 3 stars.
4	Postrio is probably the 50 billionth Wolfgang Puck restaurant I've dined in but I have to say it has been my favorite. It is by far the best choice in the St. Mark's Square area of the Venetian. I was able to sample several of the dishes on my last trip to Vegas and the only disappointing part, as far as food is concerned, was the aioli that the pomme frites come with. I just wasn't into it. The shrimp cocktail was very filling, with incredibly jumbo shrimp, and a trip of dipping sauces. The pumpkin soup was fantastic, complete with pumpkin seeds. My husband ordered the fettuccine, which, despite what you may think is not in an alfredo sauce, and found it to be fantastic. I tried two of the salads (field greens and chef) and they were both very good and hearty enough to act as a lunch entree when paired with another appetizer or side. I loved the tapenade that came with the flatbread they serve to the table. They have a nice little wine by the glass list including a very good albarino. What I enjoyed the most was their diverse tea list. After selecting one I was most pleased to have the loose leaves steeped perfectly in a little cast iron tea pot delivered to my table. The one drawback here was service. During one of my lunch experiences here we waited nearly an hour for our food in a restaurant that was not very busy. However, slow service during lunch seems to be a hallmark of Wolfgang Puck restaurants so I should have known better.
3	My friend and I chose this restaurant to eat at before a performance of Phantom. We had noticed that they were offering a discount off the bill total if you were seeing the show that day. (25% off). Unfortunately, the ad and the reservationist forgot to mention that in order to receive the discount, the server needs to keep your show tickets, so you're only suppose to eat there after the performance. After talking with the manager, and I mentioned he could make photocopies of the tickets, he then decided to make photocopies. Also, we weren't the only ones dining on the patio to have this problem. They were also giving a local discount, and my friend happened to be local, so we received an added bonus. The food is good and the wait staff are pleasant. I just wished they had told us everything before we arrived, but at least the manager did right, but we had to talk to him for 10 minutes. And if you sit on the patio you can hear/watch the Venetian performers perform.
3	"Linguine was pretty tasty..."
5	I've never been a real big fan of any of the Wolfgang restaurants. They were all decent; nothing to really take note of. That all changed this past weekend when I was in Vegas with my wife to celebrate her birthday, our 6 month wedding anniversary, and Valentine's Day. We had made reservations to another place inside the Venetian but since we didn't leave a credit card #, the reservation was cancelled. So we made a reservation at Wolfgang's Postrio which seemed like the only place that had space that evening.My wife ordered the Seared Sea Scallops and I ordered the Prime Filet Mignon. Both dishes were amazing! The scallops were huge and so tender. But the star of the evening was the Prime Filet Mignon. Holy crap. I've had some great cuts of beef in my lifetime, but this was definitely tops. It was very flavorful and the meat just melted in my mouth. Before this experience, my favorite cut has been at Ruth's Chris Steak House. I heard there's a Postrio up in SF too, so now I'm going to have to plan more trips up to SF or Vegas.
3	Barely seems worth writing a review of since I went in for a quick lunch.  That being said, the food was quite good.  I ordered a pizza with fennel sausage, cippolini onions, wild mushrooms, and goat cheese with a side of fries.  The pizza was good, but nothing worth writing home over, especially since the crust was a bit soggy and the sauce wasn't as flavorful as I had hoped.  The fries, on the other hand, were exceptional.  They were crispy, salty, and hot (it also didn't hurt that they were served a garlic-herb aioli that I would dip just about anything in!).  The drink I ordered (hey don't judge, just because it's lunch doesn't mean I can't have a drink! plus it's Vegas!) was average and I could have likely had a better one for about 5 bucks at the bar down the street from me in New Orleans.  Good food, not great, but I won't judge chef Puck on this effort.
2	I had a Fettuccini Alfredo and I was disappointed... This is a wast of money... I thought  Wolfgang Puck , the famous chef would have better tasting dishes....
3	Not a bad place - the food comes out quickly, and they have seating for large groups readily on the outside patio area.Came here with a group of six, and we were seated and served right away, which was nice. Their hummus and pita bread starters were very good. The pita bread was covered in sprinkled cheese, which was nice.I ordered the halibut, which came with tiny shrimp, corn, and some beans. Overall the flavor was good, but my halibut was a bit dry. Still tasty though, as I ate the whole thing...Good service overall, and pleasant restaurant! Good view of all the happenings in the St. Mark's Square.
4	"patio" seating puts you outside the restaurant, but still indoors in the artificial venetian outdoors - beautiful "weather" and lots of people-watching to do hah!  every hour they have a live performance, so we enjoyed a violinist performance for most of our dinner - very beautiful atmosphere!the food was great:1) prime rib burger which hit the spot.  2) pork schnitzel reminded of thin pork katsu.. it was good, but probably would not order it again - didn't have a 'wow' factor3) housemade pepperoni pizza was delicious -!excellent service, and definitely an enjoyable dinner!
4	Postrio is a reasonably priced, semi-fancy place for dinner in Vegas. Being not too familiar with the Venetian, we had a hard time finding it. When we did find it, apparently our names weren't under the reservations when I clearly placed one the day before - luckily it wasn't crazy busy so we were seated "outdoors" right away anyway. I had the organic roasted chicken which was heavenly and boyfriend had the penne bolognese which was super yummy as well. There was quite a wait for the food, but the service was good and who's in a rush when you're at a nice place like Postrio.
3	Went for a quick lunch (before we had to leave for the airport) and it was just fine.  The atmosphere is modern, prices are reasonable, and the location was prime.  The service wasn't the best - we had to ask for our server at least 5 times before he came over....twice.  Food:  had the $15ish chicken salad, which sounded similar to Corner Bakery's chicken salad (yum!).  This was not as flavorful but was fine because the raisin bread which it was served on was yummy.  I'd rather have Corner Bakery's, especially at $6!3 people ordered the primer burger - 2 ordered theirs medium, 1 asked for medium well.  All of ours came out medium rare (bright red "bleeding" in the middle of our burger).  The medium people dealth with it and ate...but it was unacceptable for the person who ordered the med well (rightfully so!) - it took 10 min for them to take it back and then another 10 min for them to bring back the same burger that came out very charred on the outside.  Good for lunch, wouldn't go for dinner.  Expect to wait a LONG time to be seated and to get anything at your table.
5	I was soooo happy I ate here. I had fantastic service and has a great food! I also got all the bread, and more importantly, balsamic vinegar, I needed because I was starving prior to my meal coming, which was prompt I might add. The waiter was amazing, and I will definitely come back!
3	We were seated right away with a great view to people watch. They brought out pita bread pieces with hummus and another sauce. Yum! ....we ended up asking for more. I had the Cesar salad, which gets 2 stars. I didn't care for the dressing and anchovies are just not my thing. I then had the sausage and peppers. There are 3 different types of sausages and 3 different types of spreads. Very good.I can't RAVE about this place because nothing gave me that WOW factor. ...but all in all it was good.
4	Ah, Postrio.  You get a view of a mall show (fun) and the people watching is a plus (double fun). You have given me ideas to bring home. They start your meal off with a great hummus dip. Yummers. I had a chicken salad sandwich with thin raisin toast. Oh the flavors. It was blissful and I vowed to copy it somehow someday. Worth trying if you're in the area.
3	A-OK. 3.49 Will have to go back to up it.How to respond to the outdoor seating question I'm asked before submitting my review? I'm baffled given the faux-Venice atmosphere.Burger was solid. It had some sort of tasty SECRET SECRET SECRET SAUCE on it. A little too huge for my preference. Fries were good, similar to Burger King in texture and cut.Sat at the bar, service was excellent as is the standard in Vegas.
3	For a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, I was not impressed. The food was eeeeh. I dined with a party of twelve people and everyone pretty much had the same experience as I did. The place was definitely fine dining. You can tell by the decor. I am pretty sure this place has a loyal following. I regret to say that the cuisine did not leave much of an impression.
5	freakin wolfgang man! the thing that keeps me comming back is the LOBSTER CLUB! its only available during lunch hours... cuts off at 5 but it is the best freakin sandwich on the planet. comes on some type of multi grain bread, which is not hard at all and is just phenomenal. i will pay $30 for the damn sandwich over and over again b/c it is that good.esspresso shots are good at the bar, good wine and appetizers are good too.there used to be a meatball appetizer with sundried tomatoes that was out of this world, but they took it off the menu, i dont know why :(HIGHLY RECOMMENDED AS ONE OF MY FAVORITES IN VEGAS!
3	Three stars does not befit how I felt about the food, rather the service.  I've eaten here twice, and both times service was sketchy.  I must clarify, however, that both times I ate in the cafe area, which is "outside" and not inside, which is where the fine dining is housed.  To the important stuff, first the food:  I've been there with two separate parties, and we all really enjoyed the new american/mediterranean style food.  I always judge a restaurant by their french fries, so of course we started off with the pommes frites.  Perfectly seasoned, hot and crispy.  The aioli was a good accompaniment, but a tad on the rich side.  Besides, we still had loads full of starches to come.  Next we tried some of the flat bread pizzas.  Wolfgang Puck is famous for these, so you can't go to one of his places without trying these.  I love prosciutto, so the prosciutto with mission figs and blue cheese had to touch my taste buds.  I was pleasantly surprised by the crispiness of the crust despite the amount of toppings offered.  Also pleasantly surprising was how the blue cheese did not completely overwhelm the whole pizza.  My bf tried the spicy chorizo pizza, and he being a super carnivore, was very pleased.  When I went with my mother, we split the fettuccine with english peas and arugula and the linguine with clams.   Both pastas were divine.  Although I love classic Italian pastas, al dente, if you are strict about this, then please be aware that the pastas at Postrio are freshly made and not dry.  Portions here are very generous.  This is a welcome treat seeing as how every meal in Vegas can seem way too expensive, yet too small.  Hear that, Batali?  Now on to the bummerific:The service is terrrible.  This is a blanket statement despite the fact that the food runners and bussers are very sweet.  Why, you ask?  The hostesses have a perpetual model scowl on their faces, I can never tell if the waiters are being sarcastic or if they really just need to be somewhere else, and the food takes foreeeeeever to come out.  I can deal with surly waiters (even if I still do tip 20%), and I can deal with a grumpy hostess, but I cannot starve while waiting for my food when there are only two other tables in the restaurant.  So if you want to eat well, and can overlook the negatives, I suggest Postrio.  But if you're looking for atmosphere, look elsewhere.
2	My friend and I went to Postrio on a recent trip to Vegas.  She had been there several times before - all good experiences.  After our evening there, I would never go back.  We were seated promptly (we had a reservation), but no one came to our table for 15 minutes.  Not to bring water or to tell us they'd be right with us.  Finally, our server came to the table and we were able to order wine.  10 minutes later, our wine arrived.  The server sat it on the table and said "I'll be right back to pour it" and went on to take drinks and checks to other tables.  The food was mediocre at best.  I had herb gnocchi with wild mushrooms, a caesar salad, and peach gallette for dessert.  My friend did seem to love her classic lasagna.  The food wasn't horrible... just nothing special.  I've eaten better at popular chain restaurants and expected more from a Wolfgang Puck gig.  Oh - and, we were seated out in the mall part of the restaurant, which completely killed the ambiance I would like when paying Postrio prices.
4	We had a fantastic meal here one night and enjoyed some of the best people watching ever.  We started with the cheese plate and the caprese salad.  Everything was delicious, but there needed to be a better conduit for the cheese - more bread or crackers or something.  The waitstaff were teriffic, very attentive but not annoying.There was a special richotta gnocci that night with chantarelle mushrooms and truffles - it was fantastic though the shaved truffles were ENORMOUS so a bit overwhelming.  Dave had the salmon and said it was the best thing he's ever eaten.  EVER. It did look amazing - perfectly cooked, crisp on the outside and served with these succulent julienned summer veggies.  Yum.  The only confusion came from their website which made it seem as though there are two restaurants - a cafe and then a more upscale restaurant with a totally different menu.  They've now gotten rid of the restaurant menu and just use the cafe menu whether you eat inside or "outside".  I highly recommend Postrio for a fantastic meal and sit outside for the laugh riot that is the people watching in Las Vegas!
4	Dan and Blanche extend a warm invitation to help them celebrate a very special occasion. We are happy to join them and looked forward to having a first time experience at this restaurant. Two seating areas of this place, the first being I guess what they would consider outside seating, they call it their patio cafe and bar lounge, however it really is not outside because this place is in the Venetian Grande Canal Shoppes. You feel like you're outside because of the setting within this shopping (I'll call it an upscale Vegas style) mall is all about the Trompe L'oeil, (painted to be realistic) you feel like you're in a Venetian style town complete with the canal waterway, restaurants, shops and yes even a sky. Upon entering and walking through the facade of what is outside, you enter into a very minimalist modern style dining room. The menu is American with Asian and Mediterranean influence. But, to be perfectly honest with you... I can't remember what the heck I had for my main course, something Asian like, The dish I remember best was the incredible salad I had before my main course. Yes, it is true, the salad was the star. It seems so simple...Cappressi Salad, but it was not! I don't know how they did it... a couple maybe more, drizzles of fine olive oils, plate dotted with pesto or a sauce, basil based and of course a primo balsamic vinegar along with a dollop of the softest mozzerella and just the right garnish. They actually turned something simple into something extraordinary. I would have been happy with just this salad and a nice Champagne. Nice job.
4	I can't believe this restaurant has been in my hood of SF all this time and I had to go all the way to Vegas to finally try it.  All I have to say is Molto Bene!  Everything was perfect.My collective dinner dates of 16 girls all got pizza with the exception of me.  When I tasted the margherita with it's perfect bites of basil and savory mozzerella I thought, "Damn, I'm so stupid to come to an Italian restaurant and not order pizza".  The crusts were buttery, slightly sweet, and had an even golden color all around - I would liken it to a fancy version of CPK's.  I also tried the chorizo (might as well be thick pepperoni) and basil shrimp (delish!).  I was feeling a little stupid for not getting something super Italian and carb-y but I relented when I saw my dish come out. The caprese salad with heirloom tomatoes and burrata cheese was drool-inducingly amazing.  Watery, cold, and creamy burrata over juicy, firm and ridiculously red tomatoes - a sweet balsamic drizzle over the plate - holy moly, I was so glad I ordered what I did.  It was light and cool - excellent for a hot Vegas night.
3	Went here for dinner with my girlfriends when we first got to Vegas.  I've been to Spago in Caesar's before, and thought it was very similar.  I was really looking forward to their pizza since I loved the pizza both at Spago and at Wolfgang Puck Express, and while it was good here, it didn't seem as good as what I've had before...I think the crust could have been a little thinner and more crunchy.  All 3 of us were starving though so we practically inhaled the pizza anyway.For main course, I got the burger, which was excellent and perfectly juicy...I only wish I hadn't filled up too much on their pizza since this was so much better.  The fries were perfectly fried, and crispy just the way I like it.  I was already way stuffed but I kept picking at the fries towards the end of the meal.Probably my largest criticism here is that their wines by the glass really sucked.  I gotta admit that I'm a little picky when it comes to wines, but for a "nice" restaurant like this, I thought that I would at least get something that didn't make me grimace when I drank it.  I got the pinot with the pizza, which was bleah and a little vinegary to me (maybe it had been open for a while?), then got a malbec with my burger which was a little better but still meh.  I got several $10-$20 bottles at home that taste better than this stuff.One thing I really liked though was the location.  You had that pseudo-outdoor feel with the fake sky and all, kind of reminded me of those restaurants in italy with the outdoor tables.  Of course in this case, you're in a mall, but it was nice nonetheless, and we got to people-watch as we ate dinner (always a fun thing to do in Vegas).Boo for them though for not giving me the 1000 points for the opentable reservation when I booked it on my iphone (it was 1000 points when I looked it up on my pc earlier).  At least we had a 25% off coupon that came with our room at the Venetian, so our whole dinner wound up being pretty reasonable (for Vegas).All in all, don't really regret going here, since we had a discount and they took reservations at the last minute, but don't know if I would actually seek out this place again given that there are so many great restaurants in Vegas.
2	Awful experience at  normally reliable restaurant.  Service was slow and inattentive.  Food was overcooked, undercooked, or came out cold or soggy.  Scallops were particularly bad-- texture was mushy like pre-frozen Costco fare.  I will never do dinner there again.  (Though I will be back for the lobster club at lunch. . .)
5	love it love it love it!I got to try 6 different dishes for only $55! I went to dinner at Postrio all by myself and asked if they had a tasting menu (even though they didn't have a sign for one). The chef said I could choose 4 different dishes from their menu or I could leave the choosing up to the chef.I decided to leave it up to the chef and he chose to give me 6 different dishes- tempura (squash, zucchini) with basil aoli sauce, english pea soup, wild corn ravioli,  prosciutto with melon, mushroom gnocchi, and beef tenderloin! I ate everything presented to me because it was all delicious and so generous considering that I'm not really ordering off the menu (some dishes were chef's creations not on the menu) and I was only being charged $55. Even the pea soup, which I was not looking forward to because I hate peas, was delicious! It was presented in a little tea cup so it was just enough for me to taste and enjoy without overwhelming myself.   I sat at the bar which allowed me to be out in the open part of the restaurant and interact with the bartender as well as other patrons.  Great food, great conversation, great atmosphere. All in all, I will be going back and I'm going to try the Postrio in SF. Hopefully it will live up to the experience given by its Vegas counterpart.
4	Well the feel of this place is fabulous.  You really feel like you are in Venice when you sit "outside" the restaurant.  It is a fabulous feel.  I went here for lunch with a group.  For lunch I split a caprese salad and a lobster club.  Well the salad was unbelievable.  The heirloom tomatoes were amazing and the balsamic was aged and yummy.  The lobster club was just OK.  Nothing special for the price.  Someone at our table had a pizza which was UNBELIEVABLE.  I should have known being at a Wolfgang Puck restaurant to order the pizza. I  would go back and split the pizza instead.
4	This restaurant is located in the Venetian. The food was delicious, although customer service is extremely slow. I ordered the Pea Soup for an appetizer, which was very tasteful. Thick & creamy, topped off with dungenous crab. The white corn ravioli entree was good too, but could've used a little more flavor- more cheese perhaps? Heard there's one in SF as well. I would definitely go back...
4	Excellent dining spot in St Marks Sq of the Venetian. I started with a delicious Ceasar salad with wonderfully tangy white anchovies. Followed by a pizza with homemade pepperoni ... when a Wolfgang Puck restaurant of this quality makes pizza you know it will be good ... and it was!Service was excellent, friendly but classy (i.e not in your face every 5 minutes asking 'are you still doing ok?' as if we are all near death!).I would return in a heartbeat.P.S The wine was very good value too!
3	Visited in early June.  In terms of Wolfgang Puck places, I've been to the Las Vegas location of Spago as well, and this is the better restaurant.  Sure, it doesn't have the kitsch "Showgirls" value that the Spago in the Forum Shops at Caesars does, but the service was warmer and the food simply better.  I had pasta, which was executed well and was good comfort food but certainly nothing "last meal"-worthy.  You won't be disappointed, but it's not fireworks.
4	We had lunch at Postrio a few months ago.  Service was excellent.  Lots of bonus points for having house wine by the carafe which was not expensive and very drinkable.We had a cheese plate as an appetizer. We're from Wisconsin - the land of craft cheeses - and we were still very impressed with the offerings on the cheese plate.Our entrees were great.  My wife had the Papardalle (which i helped quite a bit with) and I had a sweet corn ravioli, which was just fantastic.The atmosphere of St. Marks square is pretty cool also.  We sat by "the street" and watched street entertainers.I don't know how I'd feel about the atmosphere for dinner - but it was a lot of fun for lunch.
3	Cookies are the only thing worth mentioning. I forgot what main course I had because they weren't memorable. Service could have been better but we opted to sit outside overlooking the venetian plaza. Im sure wolfgang has better places in vegas. Definitely not worth the price.
5	Reading all the reviews, I expected to get mediocre service.. but I was pleasantly surprised. Our server was very attentive and very cool.We ordered...-the LINGUINI with CLAMS and PANCETTA was very tasty... the linguini was perfectly al dente which is hard to find with fresh pasta.-my husband ordered the HONG KONG STYLE HALIBUT.. which I thought was ok, but he loved it... it was a little too tart for me. He said you have to have each component of the meal to balance out. I personally would never order it.. but he would totally order over and over again.-they have a kids menu.... and my daughter got the cheesy pasta... it was simple and my daughter cleaned her plate. Too bad that you have to order each thing separately... we had to order her milk separately... which was like an extra $2.50 or $2.75.-SANGRIA.. was really tasty. the apples were really crisp. The pitcher was only $25.. how can you beat that?oh.. and the bread.. VERY GOOD... crusty on the outside and soft on the inside... and the olive tapenade that they serve with is.... mu-ah! I could just eat that ALL day long!Overall... will definitely be back!
4	Been here a couple times, and while Wolfgang Puck isn't on my superfave chefs list, I have found that this particular restaurant of his is kind of a lunch standby for us when other places let us down (*cough cough* MB across the way *cough cough*).  The salmon burger, when they have it, is outstanding.  We've tried a few pizzas and those were good too (I think there was a duck one that I really liked).  The most recent visit we had a butter lettuce caesar salad that was delightful, a lobster club sandwich (lobster was a little hidden by the mayo and other flavors unfortunately) and the lasagna.  For dessert we had the new (it was only the first day or so they were offering it) "Wolfgang's childhood favorite" apple struedel (I think?) with a scoop of caramel gelato.  THAT was definitely the best thing of the meal, complete with drunken ginormous raisins.  Ask for a knife though, otherwise you'll destroy the beautiful phyllo layers while you're trying to get a bite.  The food here is better than average, but don't come expecting to be blown away.  It's a solid pick, and a pretty good deal--especially if you get a 20% coupon for staying at the Venetian or Palazzo!  I will say that on both our visits the service has been phenomenal.  Every detail done to make us feel special and well-attended to.  Kudos to our waiter (wish i could remember his name!) and the rest of the staff.
5	THE BEST BURGER EVER!!!! for someone who never craves burgers on the way to vegas all i can think about is the burger here. the onion marmalade with the sharp vermont cheddar and the juicy prime beef burger. AMAZINGNESS!
3	Came here because we recieved a promo through the venetian where we stayed and it was an awesome lunch to have. The gf was treating me for my b day and this was a great way to start my b day considering I am a huge FOODIE.  we ordered some cesar salads but nothing special there. The lobster sandwhich on the other hand was something i would definitely go back for. Its really like eating a blt with lobster on 9 oat bread. GET it !! She had the burger nothing too special, but still nonetheless very good. Place is cool because we sat outside while they had some small band playing music on the violin.
5	The food here is excellent though the menu was a bit all over the place in terms of what kind of food it was. But our service was great wished we could have had dessert. The "outdoor" experience was nice too. :)
1	I kept hearing about these wonderful restaurants of world class chefs, so we decided to check Postrio by WOlfgang Puck....THe prices are steep, however I figured the food would be worth it.It wasn't....the dish I ordered was worse than the teriyaki I get at a local strip mall for 5 bucks. Extremely over-sauced to the extend that I had to continually wash it down with water. Even a few hours later I still had the aftertaste in my mouth. Service was adequate and location is not bad, butI am completely serious, please, look elsewhere if you actually want to taste quality food !
3	Never been to a Wolfgang Puck restaurant though I have used a few of his recipes in home cooking before.  I didn't really have super high expectations and I definitely came with a bit of a jaded New Yorker's palate.The food was good... nothing wrong with any of it.  Service was good, but not great (forgot to bring us bread, forgot orders of water) Four of us for lunch, ordered mixed greens, a pizza, burger, and fish.  Nothing was bad, everything was cooked right.  But it seemed a little sterile.  The food didn't "jump"... and for the prices, they should.  The pizza was a bit underdone for this NY pizza-style lover.  It's fine for most on the west coast when black means overdone, but not for me, completely blonde on top means underdone.   Mild leopard-spots on bottom, but no "crispy-ness."The fries were frozen (not fresh cut), and I highly suspect the dough for the pizza may have not been fresh made either.  Bun for the burger was also suspect.If you're paying $19 for a burger and fries, everything better be freshly made if possible.  Another reviewer said "best burger"... unfortunately this is pretty far from the truth.  The meat is cooked spot-on... and the overall taste of the red onion marmalade and cheddar was nice... but it was well-beyond Vegas tax.  I could have a similar burger at Island Burger & Shakes in HK for half the price and the same deliciousness.  (Just no frozen tasting fries to pay for)I was prepared for a bit of "Vegas tax" and "Puck tax" but the food didn't quite justify the extra price for the burger.  It's a decent choice for other fare though.  Shoulda gotten up earlier to make it to Bouchon.  It's probably why there was a bigger line at Enoteca San Marco next door.
4	Had a corporate private dinner in the back room. There was a limited menu where most items were not on the normal menu. I the rack of lamb, a pumpkin soup, salad, and Tiramisu. The soup was so-so, salad was average and the Tiramisu was good but the portion was so small I'd barely call it a tasting. BUT the Rack of Lamb was PERFECT. The portion size was very good, it was cooked perfectly, and tasted above average. The service was good, to be expected since it was a corporate event. I'd go back.
3	As part of our room package at the Venetian, we got a coupon for 25% off a meal at Postrio, so we decided to have a late dinner here one night.We ended up having a seafood dinner, starting with the chilled shellfish platter. This consisted of two of the largest shrimp I've ever seen, two little oysters, and two endive leaves stuffed with a sort of seafood salad, served atop crushed ice and accompanied by a variety of sauces. It was all good, but seemed a bit overpriced at $39. My wife had a fish entree (I forget which one) and she enjoyed it. I had scallops, which tasty but a bit over-the-top with a heavy sauce and lardons.The outdoor seating in "St. Marks Square" looked horrible, but the atmosphere inside the restaurant was actually very nice, with widely spaced tables. However, service was uneven--it started off pretty good, but then it seemed like our waiter disappeared during most of the meal.Overall, this was not a particularly memorable meal, and had we not had the coupon, I probably would've felt ripped off.
4	nice location for having a casual tasty lunch while watching live opera at St. Mark's Squareboth dishes i had were very yummy:* Summer Corn Soup with Roasted Corn and Tomato Relish, Crispy Basil* Atlantic Salmon with Summer Vegetables, Warm Tomato Vinaigrette, and Basil
3	Don't let those 20-25% off coupons trick you into going to Postrio. It lured me in (my Asian cheapness came out) and it was not worth it.  The faux-outdoor seating is charming and the free bread is good but the positives stop right there. The $18 pizza was very average. The $26 short-rib ravioli was less than average. I would have preferred Olive Garden's short-rib tortellini to the four chewy and stringy ravioli at this Wolfgang Puck restaurant.  The  restaurant's Piazza San Marcos location reminds me of the real Piazza San Marcos - a tourist trap filled with overpriced mediocre restaurants.
5	Postrio really is about as good as it gets.  The wine list is impeccable, the appetizers - and salads are fresh and unique - we had oysters on the half shell that were fresh and amazing.  The unique salad blends were great - the goat cheese crostini that accompanied the mixed greens was good enough to be an app itself!!  The Olive tray was sinful -  almost as sinful as the bread bowl!  The entrees were varied - and all 8 of our diners were thrilled with their choices - from Veal to sea bass and steak.  My sea bass fell apart when lightly touched - and was sweet and delicious!  A cheese plate (they added a few chocolates for fun) is always a favorite on the menu - a nice touch I think - and when asked to please rid it of blue cheese - they easily complied.  All in all - add in the Bellagio Fountains providing a visual display every 30 minutes - attentive - non-pretentious staff  - and it really is a restaurant experience that does not disappoint.
3	so this was my first visit to vegas, and we obviously walked down the strip. the first place we went to was the venetian. so awesomelocation & pricing: its right in the grand canal of shoppes and was cute - we went in the evening on christmas day and there was a little show going on right next the restaurant. we were out on the "patio" part, and had a view the entire time. thankfully we were also seated near the bar where we could keep up with the chargers/titans game too. pricing was a bit high for the things that we ate.atmosphere: this place was cute - people milling by, comfortable setting, and pretty romantic. yes its loud, but its vegas - it'll always be loud :)taste: alright. this is the hard part. while the atmosphere was cute, the food was not that great. the appetizers were the saving grace of this place. the spicy tuna tartare with avacado was simply superb. we also got the margherita pizza as an appetizer too (special with chicken on it! hahaha) and it was pretty darn good as well. however come time for our entrees, you would think that ordering a pasta dish would be awesome coming from an italian restaurant IN the venetian. you would be sadly mistaken. out of two spicy spaghettinis, house made lasagna, the atlantic salmon, the salmon was by far the most flavorful, clean, and satisfying in taste. the others were way too cheesy and not enough meat.service: it was sub-par. it wouldve been borderline good if our waiter wasn't such an asshole about the guys in the kitchen. first thing he said was "i'll be right with you, im gonna go check on some dishes - they have been taking awhile to come out all day and be right back with you guys". seriously? what the heck? and we had to ask him multiple times for more water. ugh. such a turnoff for a restaurant.all in all, go for the apps. find entrees at a different place.
5	First of all we were not suppose to go to this restaurant. My BF wanted to go to a Wolfgang restaurant but I ended up making reservations to the restaurant across from Pastrio. Oops. After realizing that this wasn't the place he wanted thank god the one he wanted to go was just across and just wlkd right over. Since it was my bday that day, I was thinking of having Stake but the menu didn't offer much with meat variety. We ended up getting the Pesto Shrimp Pizza and a Large plate of seafood past(sorry I forgot what it was called) Boy was I glad I didn't get stake because our orders were AWESOME!the Pizza was sooooo fresh, goat cheese was flavorful and the Pasta flavor was perfect. I had white wine which blended so well. I can't wait to go back to Vegas and go back to this place. the price were reasonable and every penny was worth it.
4	My wife and I found this restaurant while walking through the Venetian.  Located in St. Mark's Square, it has a nice open air type of atmosphere.We ordered Kumamoto oysters as appetizers.  The oyster were fresh and delicious.  I had the mushroom tortellini and that was very good.  The sauce was probably the best part of the dish.  My wife had pan fried scallops.  The scallops were perfectly cooked, but my wife was not too fond of the sauce that came with it.  In fact, she started dipping her scallops in my sauce.  All in all, nice ambiance and good food.  We'll definitely not hesitate to return here.
4	Ended up in Postrio during my most recent Vegas trip. After getting over a bit of sticker shock, the meal was really enjoyable. The food was delicious, and the service was prompt and friendly even though my friends and I are unmanageable jackasses when we get together in the best of circumstances and had all been drinking.
3	We arrived hungry and somehow still managed to leave food on our plates (and not because we were stuffed)..We ordered:* VEAL OSSO BUCO (Special of the Day)        - [4/5 - Tender and delicious.]* DUCK (Special of the Day)        - [2.5/5 - Mediocre at best.]* HAND PULLED APPLE STRUDEL w/CARAMEL ICE CREAM        - [2.5/5 - With "Woflgang's Favorite" in front of it's name, we expected something delicious. It was just alright.. We're both dessert people, and even with sharing, we didn't end up finishing it.]
3	Because I couldn't find Brasserie, we ended up at Postrio for lunch the other day.  I was impressed with the nice cafe atmosphere and the menu was smiple enough, so we gave it a try.We were seated and it took a moment for us to get the server to acknowledge our presence after taking our drink order.  I'm not sure whether he was waiting for us to signal him down, but it took about seven  minutes from our drinks to taking our order.  I was a little frustrated at this, but wanted to give him a second chance and so we ordered our food and waited.The salad came five minutes after he took our order, two Caesar's,  one without anchovy.  Their salad is baby romaine lettuce stacked on each other with grated cheese, tossed in the dressing and served with one crouton.  The flavors were good and a nice change from the tossed, chopped ones I get at Morels or Golden Steer.  that was 19 dollars.The food took about 18 minutes after the salads to arrive.  I felt that this was quite long and was trying to flag a server down to ask if they could check for our food.  Either we looked too young to take seriously, or I caught this place on a bad day, but it is still no excuse for the lack of attention we received.  We ran out of water and drinks awhile back and no one checked up on us, so that was a bit frustrating.When our food did arrive, it was presented well and the portions were a good size.  The large spaghetti was split between my niece and fiance in two separate bowls and looked like a hefty portion, so the 17 dollar price tag was understandable.  The pizza was large as well, about a medium pizza if you order delivery.  The lobster sandwich looked like a good size, too, but instead of a kaiser roll they use toasted grain bread.Pepperoni, olive and tomato pizza with fresh basil: Good crust, nice taste to the dough as well.  the toppings were lovely and had a nice, salty flavor.  The olives were good and not cooked all the way through, but that was fine for me because I don't mind the texture.  Overall, the pizzas at any Wolfgang's are good.Spaghetti with meatballs: Five dollars extra for those meatballs, just to warn you.  The pasta is made fresh there, and you can tell by the color and texture of the pasta.  It came roma tomato chunks and lots of cheese, so that was nice.  The sauce had that right amount of tanginess to it and spice.  The meatballs are very good and well flavored.  you still get the meat taste with a hint of Italian spice.  Quite a lovely meal.Lobster sandwich: Good lobster, very sweet and succulent.  It's a cold sandwich, of course, so the mayo and other ingredients mixed with the lobster were really fresh and light.  The bread is heavy, however, so my husband took the tops off of the halves to avoid getting overfilled.  The fries and skinny fries and are your typical hotel fries.  Overall the sandwich had good flavor but we expected something more.  It almost felt as if this particular dish was missing something, but I couldn't place my finger on it.For 160 dollars for lunch (I did tip 20% because the service went up from the meal, on) it was okay.  I am not a fan because of the initial service we received, but the food was good.  I like Puck's restaurants, but I won't go out of my way to eat here again.If you like the cafe feel in Venetian and want something fair and fast, this is the place to go.  I know people are giving it five stars for food, but for my personal taste it wasn't exciting and lacked any "wow" factor that it should have for that price tag.  Still, it's fair eats.
4	Really solid food with a charming atmosphere. Between 7-9pm, we still felt like it was daytime under the bright blue, cloudy sky.Started with margarita and pepperoni pizzas. The margarita pizza was well seasoned and had delicious cheese. The pepperoni on the pizza was really great as well.Entree was the stuff quail. It was delicious.Overall I thought everything was finely executed.
4	The entire decor and the menu of Postrio have both recently been remodeled, changing the vibe to an upscale bar and sophisticated grill. This has made a world of difference (I was never impressed with the restaurant prior to this change). This was our second time coming back since it's been re-done, and while everything is very good, a few items particularly stood out.The Korobuta pork schnitzel with Austrian potatoes and whole grain mustard sauce that my dad ordered was fantastic (my husband and I had it last time), and is one of Puck's personal comfort foods so worth trying. The pork is pounded thinly and lightly pan fried, and rests on a bed of lemon and herb dressed fingerling potatoes. It is also served with a cooling cucumber yogurt sauce and mini sald of teardrop tomatoes. There is nothing wrong with this dish at all, and I can't imagine it being any better in Puck's home country. There was nothing wrong with my husband's dish either, which unfortunately was only a special for the evening. This was a large portion of two perfectly roasted quail served on a bed of fluffy gnocchi and freshly shucked spring peas, bathed in a rich and intensely flavored reduction. This should become a permanet fixture on the menu because it really was amazing. My entree of steamed black mussels with white wine, garlic, grilled sourdough lavishly spread with bernaise was very good, but somewhat disappointing in comparison to the version at his restaurant, Spago, in Beverly Hills. At Spago the mussels were petite and sweet, making it unique from other versions of steamed mussels, and the bernaise was prepared with a bit more skill. It's hard for me to evaluate the mussels here without thinking of the mussels there, so while the comparison was fun, I'd order something else next time.The appetizers we had were good but I wasn't nearly as impressed with those as I was with the entrees. We had the mesquite grilled steak skewers with creamy celery salad and house made steak sauce, and the charcuterie plate with grilled bread, artisan cheese, and marinated olives. The former was good but didn't taste terribly original (the little salad was the best part) and the latter was missing a sweet element and could have used some work on the presentation. I understood from a business perspective that they were trying to make it look like a huge portion, but I prefer something that looks a little less like a deli tray when I order charcuterie. I forgot to write down the prices, and they aren't showing up online (I hate when restaurants hide this), but I can assure you Postrio is pricey. My advice would be to skip on the apps (or at least those that we got), get an entree, and limit your drinks if you want to experience the restaurant without breaking the bank. Oh, and eat lots of bread - it's fantastic.
4	One of the things I love about Las Vegas, and is one of the things rarely brought to attention when mentioning Vegas, is their fixation with designing interiors made to look like exteriors. Case in point - The Venetian. Everyone knows about the statues and the carefully painted walls of sky, but it's also nice that they coordinate their businesses to go with the outdoor theme indoors. Other case in point - Postrio (inside The Venetian). My girls took me here for a pre-bachelorette festivities dinner. My first thought on in this place was "Argh, another Italian place? Ok, just smile and pretend to like it." My second thought was, "Oh cool, they've got sleek, modern-looking planters and an "outdoor" patio in front of the "inside" inside restaurant."I kicked off the meal with a glass of Sangria, pleasant, but not much kick and I've definitely had better (my fave is Fresca in San Francisco). I ordered the Porcini Mushroom Ravioli and a side of asparagus, I hadn't eaten since breakfast and thought the ravioli wouldn't be enough. The ravioli skin was tender and the savory sauce marinated beautifully with it. I gave my friend a taste, and she liked it so much, she kept dipping her bread in it! The asparagus was presented with two types - the traditional green and also, white. Sauteed asparagus seems a hard one to master, and though the dish was better than average, I'd suggest cooking longer as the outside was a bit chewier than I liked. After polishing off my meal, which would have been filling enough with just the ravioli, I had a bite of my friend's Spaghettini Pasta...it was phenomenal for just noodles and marinara! I literally had one bite, as I was very full already, but that spaghetti was likely the best spaghetti I've ever had.The prices are steep for what you get, but for special occasions or for moments of 'I just feel like eating somewhere nice', this is the place to go.
4	A great dining experience in the heart of the Venetian waterway. The cuisine is a hybrid of American & Italian, but oh so good!
5	Loved Postrio!  My halibut was cooked to perfection; crispy on outside, moist on the inside.  Accompanying vegetables (peas, mushrooms) rounded out the dish perfectly.  Fellow diners enjoyed their Caeser salad, steak skewers, and Caprese salad.  The fresh mozzarella was divine.  I expected the angels to sing from the faux-cloud ceiling above.  Excellent service too!  Thanks guys for making a memorable experience.
2	After much hype about the lobster club, we went for lunch last weekend.  I think it's overpriced and under delivered.  The lobster club and soft shell crab sandwich were $29 each.  Really?  A $29 sandwich?  I've never never heard of such a thing.  But my buddy had been raving about it and so I had to try it.  While it had a lot of lobster, it was completely bland.  The toasted bread was too hard for such delicate meat.  The crab po boy was also bland and forgettable.  I tried my friend's french onion soup and mushroom ravioli.  The soup was too sweet and the ravioli was under cooked. I love al dente but this was sticking to my teeth.  The best things we had were the lasagna, fries, and coffee.  The place has a nice set up but the food was amiss.
4	I'll kick this off by saying that I just don't care about celebrity chefs, so Wolfgang's name barely registered - I expected good food and hospitality in Vegas, though, and I got it.My mom reeeally liked this place, so we were here a few of times. The first, we'd taken a red-eye to Vegas and had been up and walking around for 24 hours.- by the time we got to the bar we must've looked like hell, because one of the bartenders rolled right up with big glasses of ice water and told us, "I'm setting you two up for success." Great! We slugged it down and he kept it coming while we sipped our pomegranate martinis - delicious,  nice and minty-tart - and talked Bruins with us.We stopped for some apps a few days later, since it was there and we were once again pooped from walking around all day, We split a sausage trio (we dubbed it our Las Vegas sausage party) and a pizza with mushrooms, leeks, rosemary and goat cheese. The sausages were varied and prepared just right, with a great complementary set of mustards, and the pizza was savory and heavy on the goat cheese. (A cold slice the next morning was just as great!)Finally, my mom wanted a real meal here, after admiring the menu so many times over. She had the porcini mushroom ravioli, which I stole a nibble of; it was delicious, cooked just right, and the savory yet fluffy mushroom filling melded really well with the fresh parsley. I had the mesquite grilled salmon with fingerling taters and asparagus. The fish was cooked to a perfect moist medium-rare, and the vegetables in the creamy sauce were fresh and with fluffy-firm potatoes.We were craving a little gelato - luckily there was a berry-rhubarb cobbler topped with honey gelato on the dessert menu. It arrived piping hot and was flavorful, the crumble full of whole oats and brown sugar and the gelato melting perfectly over the warm fruit. We wanted to sit and rest our poor abused feet after roaming the Mojave all day, so we stuck around and tossed back a few peach bellinis - just delicious.Service was great, the bartenders skilled and just chatty enough, food was just delicious, and the people-watching is priceless. We kept coming back because every visit was better than the last; Postrio was a high note of our trip!
4	I think of this as not as good as Spago, but still a reliable place for some tasty eats if you don't want to leave the environs of the Venetian. I tend to go for the specials as they have been reliably good - but I ask the waiter if in doubt and have not been steered wrong. This time it was the wild mushroom ravioli, and they were delicious. Bread is good, though not as yummy as it is at Spago.
4	I stopped in for a quick bite one afternoon and had the tuna tartar was excellent and the caprese salad was very flavorful. I sat at the bar and the bar tenders were friendly and the service was great. Next time I am in town and I am going to try this place for dinner.
4	Reasonable price, great food.I had the Tomato & Basil Spaghettini and my husband had the Spinach Lasanga.  Both were fabulous as was the wine and bread.  I am huge fan of Wolfgang Puck and this is another great  one.  It has a great open feel, to make for a more casual lunch or dinner.
3	The first tip I would give for diners at Postrio is to not sit "outside," as they call it.  The inside of the Venetian is exquisite and luxurious and fantastic, but it's not ACTUALLY going to convince you that you're outside, and sitting on the "patio" outside the restaurant left us feeling like we were eating in a mall.  Go sit inside, which looked beautiful and quiet.The sangria is tasty, but not the best I've ever had.  The cherry margarita was artificial tasting, and while everyone else at our table lauded the pom-ojito, I wasn't a huge fan.  They brought out warm tuscan bread with butter and olive tapenade, which I could have made a meal of all on its own.  I could go for some now, actually...Our food was kind of give-a-little, take-a-little.  The heirloom tomato caprese salad was easily the best I've ever had, with burrata that is gooey and creamy at room temperature, pesto oil, and a balsamic drizzle.  It was the kind of salad you eat slowly to let every bite spread out on your tongue.  I just wish it was bigger... one lump of burrata, four slices of tomato, $15.  Ouch, Wolfgang.Two of us got the ribs, which got an "eh" review and came with onion rings that are a dead-ringer (HAR, get it?) for Sonic's.  Not a bad thing; I love Sonic onion rings, I just wouldn't expect to find them at Postrio.  My Mother got the chicken piccata special, which is normally dredged and sauteed, and came deep-fried, which was not mentioned on the menu.  She's not a deep-fried type of person, so little hiccup there.  Dad got the prime ribeye in a cognac mustard sauce with parmesan frites that was all so, so, so delicious, but came out rare when he ordered medium.  Aunt got the bouillabaisse with seafood tortellini, which were cold, and apparently got hard when reheated.  She complained and was coddled by a manager, who comped her meal and brought her out dessert on the house despite her protests.  Super, super classy.I was the "big winner" with shrimp pesto pizza with broccolini, sun-dried tomatoes, fresh tomatoes, and something a wee bit spicey that was perfection.  The pizzas are some of the most reasonable things on the menu, and they're huge - our server, Brandy, said 10", but I thought mine was closer to 11" or 12".  It went around the table and I STILL took home a slice and a half.  So much shrimp, so much pesto, so much crust... I'm drooling a wee bit.  My pizza and the bread easily saved the rating, here.  OH, and dessert.  My aunt's strawberry shortcake was okay, but my cousin got a chocolate cheesecake for her birthday, and "Happy Birthday" was written on the plate in melted chocolate.  It was beautiful and yummy.  I got chocolate beignets filled with molten chocolate, served with caramel ice cream and a vanilla bean dipping sauce.  The doughnuts themselves were a tad salty, but the whole package together was perfect.The general consensus after dinner was that it was way too pricey for the number of missteps, but the service was impeccable, and there were indeed some very high notes.  I think I'd go back for lunch, or even just for pizza and wine.  (What, you've never had?  It's secretly the world's most perfect combination.  That, or butter and olive tapenade...)
5	Love, love this place!  Try these and you can't go wrong:  homemade pasta, chocolate beignets, and Armando, who is possibly the best waiter out there.  We love Armando!!!
2	I am surprised that people still get duped by the Wolfgang Puck name. He's sold out and I would've too if I had any culinary talent. BUT his diluting attention is obvious at each of his restaurants.We went there since we had 20% off. The service was nice but so fucking lazy. It took forever to get anything and the staff was so forgetful. I ordered tea with milk and sugar. I got the tea, had to ask for the milk twice and then kept getting false promises that the sugar was on its way. After 15 minutes I got it. It wasn't crowded and the staff was just hanging out.The Caesar salad was decent, served with the leaves whole but the dressing was so mild and scant. I will admit that my gf's lasagna was delicious but my pancetta wrapped meatloaf was dry and lacked pancetta.
2	This place was alright. We were able to get last minute reservations on a Monday night.Atmosphere was great. Very Modern.Pasta was pretty good.  All of there pasta is made fresh daily, so I would stick to this when ordering. My boyfriend got the Mushroom Raviloi, and it was pretty good.Chicken Picattta was disappointing. For a $26, I don't think it was worth it. It was basically a breaded and fried chicken breast with very little sauce. Served with fingerling potatoes and spinach. I was so hungry and ate most of it, but the whole time was thinking, we totally make his dish better at home.Service was okay. We felt like our server was being a bit condosending with the answers to our questions. That was a disappointment as well, but that was just one server. The other servers who helped us out were great.We probably won't be back since there are so many other places to eat in Vegas, but if you're looking for some good, freshly made pasta at the Venetian, this would be the place to go
4	Spent the weekend in Vegas with the hubby, and when we arrived on Friday night, we randomly decided to try this place out based on Yelp reviews.It was GREAT!!!The hubby and I shared the proscuitto/melon appetizer, which really was an amazing dish.  The flavors were really fantastic together, and I think I could have eaten 2 more plates for dinner. We then split the meat lasagna, which the waiter highly suggested.  You could tell all the layers were handmade, though can lasagna really be that spectacular?  I dunno, but it was quite good.Lastly, the piece de resistance, the CHOCOLATE BIEGNETS (which I learned is pronounced /bey-nyay/)!!!  AMAZING!!!  Chocolate filled chocolate donuts with coffee ice cream and vanilla dipping sauce.  This really is one of the best desserts I've ever had.  I would go back to the Palazzo just for these.
2	I will not be visiting this place again.It wasn't the food, not at all. I was pleased with my lasagna.The service was terrible. My friends and I had made 8:15 reservations, we weren't seated til 8:45. It took another 20 minutes to get a glass of water and menus, another 30 for the damn waiter to come back. One of our water runners wasn't wearing his tie clip, his tie was touching and hanging around all over our glasses. I could go on, but you get the picture right? Save your money for a meal somewhere else.
5	We were staying at the Venetian and found ourselves famished. A quick check on Yelp and we found this place. We called down first to see how long the wait would be and the women who answered said they were slow and there would be no wait. What a difference 15 minutes makes! We get down there and all of a sudden there is a 1/2 hour wait. That was a rather crappy start to an otherwise delicious meal.  We sat "outside" which is really the inside, but with the view of St. Marks square (the Venetians replica). The service was spot on, the food was delicious and there was live music being played in St. Marks square.  We ended our meal with the chocolate beignets, they were amazing.  We also split the cheesecake which was far less impressive.  Yummy mea overall!
2	This was very mediocre. Let me say first that I even had a coupon for 25% off my meal and it was not worth it. I mean, anywhere else, I'd say meh... it was ok. But this is Vegas. And since this trip I only had 2 days, every meal counts. I ordered a sandwich (some sort of club) and the onion soup. The onion soup was sweet enough to be a dessert... imagine French onion soup without the saltiness nor cheese and throw on spoonfuls of sugar. Not very appetizing, right? The fries that came with my sandwich were also quite cold. I could literally see into the kitchen from my table. I saw my sandwich made, and it didn't take that long to come out. So why were my fries cold? They must have been from an old batch.As far as service, it was decent. Friendly waiter, but not enough to save the whole restaurant. I sat inside (outside was a longer wait). The atmosphere outside (I say outside loosely...since it is in the middle of the Venetian) would probably have been a better experience. Not going to return, though, considering there were other restaurants in the same square.
5	In short: Delicious seafood (oysters and mussels) with fantastic pasta.As I have been brainwashed by the cheese platter at Batali's San Marco right across the way at the Venetian, I had never noticed this place except that Wolfgang Puck has some restaurant in the corner.  Club Grazie sent me a complimentary dinner here so I checked it out with the GF this past Wednesday evening.We were seated inside (would have been a 10 minute wait outside.  Inside is mood lit, clean, and less distracting which is great for a date and/or you're ugly (as in my case).  It felt more formal inside too, but the outside is nice if you want to see/hear the violinists or jesters, but you may also enjoy the crowd of tourists passing by.Here's the menu: (http://www.venetian.com/uploadedFiles/The_Venetian/Dining/Fine_Dining/PostrioDinner0410.pdf)Very friendly and accomodating waiter, simple wine menu (I like that). Also of note, the bread and butter comes with a crushed olive/basil/olive oil dipping sauce for the Italian bread that was really good.We started off with a few of the kumamoto oysters which were phenomenal.  It's funny how you can get some of the freshest seafoods and meats in the middle of the desert.We then split the caesar salad which had a nice deconstructed take on an old favorite.  It has a very flavorful white anchovie slice served with whole lettuce leaves which are tossed with the caesar dressing which IMO had the perfect balance of acidity and creaminess.  Great salad and it might be the first one where I've needed a knife to eat.For entrees, I ordered the steamed black mussels in a white wine sauce and the GF got the spinach lasagna with meat sauce.  My one let down was the bearnaise sauce that covered the bread with my mussels.  It was too sweet, sour, and creamy for my taste, the GF didn't like it either.  The mussels tasted great, but I was not blown away, it was about what I expected when ordering steamed mussels.The GF's spinach ravioli on the other did blow me away.  I recommend this dish to anyone who likes pasta in meat sauces.  I'll upload some of the iphone pics in a bit, but the pasta was perfectly soft and the meat sauce had great flavors of the beef and sausage.For dessert, save room for the beinet.  Fried chocolate doughnuts with chocolate and caramel inside that melts in your mouth, served with coffee ice cream and a vanilla sauce... We got them on the waiter's recommendation and they turned out to be one of the best desserts I've had in a long time.Next time I'll try the linguine in white clam sauce and the four cheese ravioli since the pasta was so good.  The pizzas didn't look special from the other tables, so I'll stick with San Marco when I want a pizza.
4	This review is for a private party banquet, as the bride and groom chose this venue for their hosted engagement dinner. Postrio was solid food and very attentive staff.The waiters were constantly making their rounds to serve the hor d'oeuvres and the dining room was more than large enough to house all 60 guests. For our tasting menu, we enjoyed several variations of gourmet pizzas, lamp chop lollipops, crab cakes and lobster cakes. For dinner, we had a choice of either seafood cioppino or a rib eye steak with pureed mashed potatoes and vegetables. The rib eye was tender, juicy and flavorful, the mashed potatoes were creamy, soft and fluffy and the veggies included a tasty assortment of asparagus, broccoli rabe and carrots. Our friends have great taste - everything was delicious! I'd love to come back and try more of their menu.
2	This is another Wolfgang Puck restaurant that I was disappointed by. It goes to show that too many of his restaurants rely on his name to get business, instead of focusing on quality of food, experience, or innovation. Nothing was incredibly really bad about this, but the entire experience was incredibly forgettable and pedestrian. Price/quality ratio of food was just not good, and the food somehow reminded me of chain restaurant fare. The dining experience itself was also below average - the tables were cramped way too closely together, and I felt like I was squished in a corner and practically sitting on the diners at the next table. (I can only imagine how a truly claustrophobic person would feel.) With so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, I wouldn't recommend wasting a meal on Postrio, unless you've already eaten your way through the hundreds of other renowned establishments in the area.
4	Puck always delivers.  Nice portions.  Someone I came with on my last trip even ordered the burger lol, but it was definitely a cadillac of burgers.
3	I love the Venetian!  The painted walls and ceilings, the street performers...a little piece of Venice.  So naturally having lunch in this open space restaurant sounded like a terrific idea.  The 20 minute wait was no problem, there are multiple restaurants around so we had a glass of wine at a neighboring bar.  Once seated we ordered our drinks, since I'm from Miami, whenever I order a caipirinha i take into consideration that not everybody understand what its suppose to taste like.  Unfortunately it was so awful that both me and my friend had to send our drinks back.  Then when our waiter kindly recommended the pomegranate mojitos, i nervously accepted.  Also terrible but I was not about to return two cocktails.  So now for the food; boring.  Maybe I'm being bias because of my superb experience with the Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill @ the MGM but the food was nothing special.  I was expecting a savory pasta dish and what i served was can only be described as ordinary.  Very disappointing, you have all the right components, step up your game Postrio!!
4	Wolfgang is one of my favorite mainstream chefs.  I'm in love with his style of cooking, overall restaurant decor and lack of stuffiness.The food was amazing.  We got a bottle of wine and shared the raviolis and Lobster BLT.  The portions were off, the ravioli dish was on the dainty side and the sandwich was massive and enough to feed two.  No big deal, but the price didn't justify the vast size difference.  OMG - let's not forget the delicious fries.  They were so good, the idea of ketchup scared me.  Although a little gaudy (but hey, isn't that Vegas) it was really fun to sit inside/outside.  I felt I was in a cartoon sitting in the palazzio of Venice.     The host and service was great with us; I was debating between the lobster BLT and linguini and clams and with conviction, "hands down the BLT."  She was NOT wrong there!
4	Had an excellent meal here after the phantom show.  What a great evening.  Got both the show tickets and 20% discount for diner at tix 4 tonite.  Sit "outside" for best diner effect.
2	The only reason I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 is because the food wasn't all that bad...wasn't great, but wasn't bad.Let me start off by saying that if there is a restaurant that you won't even return to if it was free, then you know it was a horrible experience.  That's been the situation twice for us.We go to Vegas at least 5 times a year and because of the fact that I'm an avid gambler, our room at the Venetian is always comped.  Along with that comp comes a food credit to Postrio, so our meals are basically free here.The first time we went there, the hostess was so snobby...she won't say a word until you ask for her assistance.  As a matter of fact she'll just stare at your face without saying anything and won't look away until you say "hi" or "for 2 please".  Servers, almost the same attitude.  We asked for bread and butter before the meal, as anybody would expect at a semi-steakhouse, and they said "no" at first, followed by "fine, but we usually don't give out bread and butter as we have to bake the bread first".  I'm not kidding, that's what she said.  It was the same the second time we went there, if not worse.The courses are pretty good but the service is such a turnoff that even if the meals were free I wouldn't eat here...and for me the meals are free.
5	Yes...I'm a Wolfgang fan! Have had some AWESOME meals at this Postrio.
2	This was my first visit to a Wolfgang Puck restaurant and perhaps my expectations were a bit too high.  I know that his brand has extended far beyond a size he could reasonably oversee on his own, but I was inspired by a book on food history I read that gave me new appreciation for Puck's early culinary breakthroughs and for contributing to the gourmet pizza trend that began in the 80s.I started my meal with the trio of house-made sausages served with three mustards and pickled vegetables.  This was a delicious dish, though really a bit too large to be served as a first course.For my second course, I had to try one of his famous pizzas.  Since it is usually the simpler dishes that allow culinary genius to really shine, I opted for the margerita pizza and was sadly disappointed.  The pizza section of the menu was placed before the entrees, but this was misleading as the pizza was large enough to be an entree.  Now I expect large portions from chains such as the Cheesecake Factory, but here I would have expected quality over quantity and that was not the case.  The ratio of the ingredients was off with everything being dominated by a very thick layer of cheese.  The tomatoes were bland and the crust was a bit soggy under all that cheese.  When I did nibble on the bits of crust around the edge there was none of that amazing flavor you find in better pizzas or even the crusty/chewy combo to be had at places like Settebello.  Sadly, even Lavo has a better margerita pizza last time I checked.  This didn't exhibit any of the charectaristics of a high-end pizza.  My friend ate one piece and I didn't even finish mine.For my entree, I selected the lobster roll, though after tasting it I think a better description would have been a BLT.  This sandwich was good, but not great.  The bacon dressing used on the sandwich was delicious and the Applewood smoked bacon was tasty, but between the two, overpowered the flavor of the lobster.  The grain bread and arugula was quite nice, but the tomatoes were flavorless and I found that unforgivable.  I work in the restaurant industry here in Vegas and know first hand that there are some amazing tomatoes to be had here.  Serving bland hothouse tomatoes in August is just plain lazy.  The amount of lobster actually in the lobster roll was not generous enough to be considered the main ingredient, though the chunks that were included were tender and delicious.  This was accompanied by a mound of french fries large enough to serve a family of four.  Really.  For dessert, we shared the chocolate beignets.  The presentation was lovely, with a large quenelle of caramel macchiatto ice cream, a small dish of vanilla dipping sauce and a small pile of chocolate beignets filled with a liquid chocolate center.  This was the one course where the portion size was appropriate.  The ice cream was fabulous - the flavors well balanced, the texture was very creamy and it paired well with the beignets.  The vanilla sauce was thicker than a classic anglaise and just right for adhering to the little doughnuts.  I loved the flavor of the beignets and thought the filling was a great idea, but it wasn't executed very well.  They were quite doughy in the middle- either from being under cooked or simply by putting the liquid ganache in the center while still warm.  Either way this kept the dessert from being as good as it could have been.  Another disappointment was the service.  Our server was OK, but I felt rushed at several points during the meal.  Yes, my friend and I were doing a lot of talking, but I don't think that keeping our table for under 2 hours for four courses is unreasonable.  Two of the courses were cleared while I was literally still chewing food from my plate. I also would have expected the server to do something about the disappointing pizza.   Either take it off our bill or offer us something else, but when less than two pieces are eaten (between two people) that should be a flag that something is wrong.  In fact at one point after our pizza was cleared, but before our main course, the busser brought the pizza out in a to-go box and put it down on our table.  I wondered just what he wanted us to do with it.  It was too large on a very small table to fit the plates for our next course, so it had to be taken away again.  No problem, neither of us wanted to take it home.All in all it wasn't a bad meal.  Some of the food was good and I did end up really enjoying my wine, but that isn't enough.  In this competitive food town, not bad, just isn't good enough to bring me back for seconds.
3	Great stop waiting for a concert to start. Friendly staff, good drinks!
5	First Wolfgang Puck experience and it was superb!! I had the quail dish and it was the most delicious plate of bird I've ever had! service is top notch and they take very good care of their customers here! Don't forget to save room for dessert!Coming dressed extra nice will help you bypass the line and get you a table inside!
2	My bf and I came here one sat. night when we were walking up and down  the strip and were a lil hungry but didnt want to eat a full meal b/c  we were planning on walking a lot more and having some drinks here and there. We decided on this place b/c any further and the Male Shut down would have commenced. ladies, you know how a man gets when he doenst eat? CRANKY!!! OMG it was already too late. So we decided to share a margherita pizza and had some water since we already had one of those 1/2 yardsticks from Fat Tuesday. The waitress looked at us like we were paupers - hell like we were too poor to order our own plates. Um... we dont want to walk around with left overs so whats wrong with sharing a pizza? Really? YOU are going to lookat me like I'm "a Re-Tard" (as in the hangover). I'd never go back to this place b/c of that waitress.  I'd go across the way to the mario batalli place. Maybe they will be nicer and bring bk cliente.
5	The food was amazing! The service impeccable! Atmosphere was wonderful! This was a great dinner all around! One of our new favorites!!
4	This restaurant is tucked in St. Mark's Square at The Venetian, where (if you sit "outside") you can enjoy a mini opera performance or see people crowded around the moving statues. Hailing from the SF Bay Area, I'm sad to say that I've never gone to the Postrio in San Francisco, but I'm glad that I got to try it in Vegas.They serve you a nice crusty bread with pesto and an olive tapenade.When I first came here (over 2 years ago), I had a spaghettini with mushrooms and truffle oil. It was so good! Unfortunately, it has been taken off the menu. The second time around, I came here with my cousin. We both started with the asparagus soup, which was creamy and slightly filling, a great opener for our lunch. I ordered the Atlantic King Salmon (sashimi grade!) -- seared to perfection, and slightly raw on the inside -- served with artichokes, tomatoes and other spring vegetables. My cousin had the prime burger. It was pretty standard, but the red onion marmalade was unforgettable!A little pricey but not expensive. This is my go to place if I'm at the Venetian. I suggest you go!
3	First impression, BIG black mark against! One of my pet peeves is restaurants that only serve flavoured iced teas. Especially the tropical crap which has become so popular in recent years. I like tea-flavoured tea, damnit! The tropical crap has gotten so common that I habitually ask if they have normal iced tea when ordering. I did so at Postrio and, when given proper assurance, ordered. Trusting what I was told, I added my preferred sweetener and took a drink. And it was all I could do not to spit that tropical crap all over St. Mark's Square!!! Ok. They've mostly redeemed themselves. The heirloom tomato caprese is delicious, and the prosciutto panini is just decadent! Five stars for the food. Five for the service *after* the drink ordering. Marked down to three overall because that always pisses me off!
4	Being in the heart of the Venetian, I was sure this place would be incredibly expensive. However, the dishes came out to be about 20 dollars a plate, affordable for the place and ambiance this place offered. I ordered the bolognese here. Delicious! The pasta's texture was just perfect. It felt like it had substance. The spices in the sauce were subtle but tasty.The best part of the meal was their chocolate beignets. They're not traditional beignets. The shape reminds me of a doughnut hole but the texture and taste reminds me of a molten lava cake. Creamy hot chocolate oozing inside covered by a crispy chocolate cake outside. We had two orders of that.Service was on point here and they constantly came to check up on us. My friend didn't like his dish (some spaghetti dish) and they gladly took it back and gave him a new dish. That's service!
4	The wine fanatics seemed to have a VERY good time, and the rest of us had a darned good meal.  Our group of seven included on friend who keeps Robert Parker's newest wine reviews on his iPhone, so three different red wines were ordered, minutely studied, and consumed.  The wine list was thorough, and the staff was knowledgeable about what they had available.  Those of us interested in the food where very impressed by the pumpkin soup and the fried calamari (very light with no oily taste).  Two tried the Alaskan halibut and liked both the fish and the interesting corn, mushroom and tomato side dishes.  Great bread, BTW -- I think we consumed 3 loaves.
1	This place was awful. I ordered the salt and pepper calamari.  Little did I know that they were going to put the whole container of salt on it. It was so salty, I couldn't eat it and I like my food pretty salty. I was so disappointed. My friend ordered the Cuban sandwich and said it lacked flavor. My water tasted like tap water. The service was extremely slow. I was quiet disappointed. I guess I should have checked yelp first. Needless to say, I'm never coming back here.
3	This was a nice restaurant.  We decided to eat inside because the musical trio playing outside was so loud, even the hostess said she cant bare it!  I had a fall special, the pumpkin tortellini which was very good, but you only got 6 pieces for $21.  Meatloaf was ok and the pizza was good.  Serve was attentive and there when we needed him.
4	Love LOve LOVe LOVE this place! Everything I had was amazing!! We started off with an array of different appetizers - the list consisted of various different pizzas, grown up pigs in a blanket, mini crab cakes, fried calamari, and this little fried mushroom and rice balls (I don't know the proper names). My favorite would be the fried calamari - it's salt and pepper calamari with rock shrimp and then topped with a sweet Thai chili sauce. It has that spicy kick to it! My second favorite was the dish I didn't know the name of (little fired mushroom and rice balls). They were so packed with flavor, that every bit I took I felt like my mouth was about to explode.When it came to dinner, even though I was super full, I had the lobster roll sandwich which came with a side of fries. The lobster roll sandwich was good and  huge. If I could only make a slight change, it would to have them put a little less of the mayo on the dish. Other than that it was really really good. So good that even though I was stuffed after the first bit, I pushed myself to eat one half of the sandwhich and then eat the other halfs lobter only. As far as the fries are concerned, they were made just how I like them. Super thin, crispy, and covered in salt and pepper. They reminded me of a better version of McDonald's. (I know I know I shouldn't compare these two places, but I do love there fries...Sorry).As far as dessert, we had another array of desserts. Now even though I was super stuffed, I had a little bit of room for a taste test. We had apple strudel. mini chocolate donuts filled with camel, strawberry souffle, and a smore cake. My favorite was the smore came. Graham cracker bottom, dark chocolate fudge middle, and then topped off with a torched marshmallow. Yum YUm YUM!!!
5	Postrio. Wolfgang Puck. One of these is known by name everywhere, the other in vegas.Wolfgang puck does not mess around with his restaurants. When it comes to location and style, this location delivers and so does the food.To say we had an amazing meal here, would be giving well deserved credit to it being, well...an amazing meal. We elected to eat here since we had a 20% off coupon set up with the hotel (we're jews, what can I say haha).  However, what did that 20% not include? Drinks. Needless to say, I love moscato and they have great moscato. Along with that, our salads were very interesting and artfully designed. The gorgonzola was a bit disgusting, but I think that might be personal preference.So, the porcini mushroom ravioli? Amazing. Seriously good stuff.  I'd suggest everyone to try it. I believe bass was on the menu too, which I had, and was equally excellent.Honestly, I don't know what to say other than that this is a must to get some food at, even if it is fairly expensive.
4	Went for a birthday dinner on Saturday night.  The service couldn't have been nicer.  My friend was treated like a queen!Oysters, margherita pizza, and I forget what else we started with.  Five had the lasagna, and every single one of them cleaned their plate.  In fact no matter what anyone had, their plate was demolished.  The food was that good.Then, the desserts came, and there was such an array.  Pumpkin whoopie pies, all sorts of different cookes, mousses, ice cream, creme brulee, etc., etc., etc.  They just kept coming.Postrio was delicious and worth digging through the horrid St. Mark's Square nonsense in the Venetian.
4	My girlfriend and I had dinner here the last time thru the Venetian. The menu had so many good things it took me forever to figure out what I wanted but i defiantly made the right choice. I had the braised rib ravioli. The meat inside was so tender and juicy, the ravioli was made with fresh pasta and the sauce was unreal. I could have put it in a cup and drank it with a straw it was so good. Unfortunately my girlfriend did not get the right thing. She was in the mood for linguine and clams and when it came out she tried one bite and said she did not like it. I reached over to give it a try and all I could smell was olive oil. It had no flavor except olive oil and we sent it back. I still give this place 4 stars cause the service and the ravioli and bread and salad was all great, oh and the wine. So many great places to eat in Vegas, I'm glade I made it here.
3	Umm, it's a mixed review for me. First of all, the good parts.I absolutely love Postrio's (and the Venetian in general) definition of 'patio dining.' Our large group of 10 was really hesitant to grab the patio because we were in town during the fall when it's quite cold outside. Well, we had the faux outdoor dining inside the Venetian so the temperature was very comfy. The service was okay, our server was slightly too slow in paying us attention and in our orders. They did help us celebrate my friend's birthday with a complementary dessert for her. Food was the tossup, really. The piece of calamari that I had was delicious, light and crisp. My friend Teri offered me some of her bouillabaisse and it was the best seafood stew I've had. Well, the downside was the reason why Teri offered me some of her food in the first place. My pumpkin tortellini, for $21, only had six measly pieces. The pasta itself was beyond al dente and was partially raw in the middle. There was not enough pumpkin stuffing inside. My friend Aries, who also ordered the same, and I looked at each other and thought that they might have split our order. There was nowhere near enough. That was the disappointing aspect of the dinner.Ambiance was great, the company was awesome, some deduction for the value, food, and service.
3	I visited Wolfgang Buck's Postrio Bar & Grill for lunch and wanted a gourmet  soup and sandwich, and let us not forget dessert.To start...  I read the menu online and had hoped to try the puree of sweet corn soup but the menu had changed.  I tried the pumpkin soup, as it is the holiday season, and I liked it.Luckily, the lobster club sandwich I wanted to try wasn't left off the menu.  I take pleasure in trying a restaurant's twist on a classic, like the club, and the apple wood smoked bacon worked with nine grain bread but overwhelmed the lobster.  The classic or the twist?  It's a toss up.To finish...  The meal ended a lot like it began, a changed up dessert menu, but I can't complain.  Not after eating an appetizing apple strudel coupled with pecan ice cream and a caramel.  Yum.  Yum.Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed.  Yelp's reviews were up and down, but Wolfgang Buck's Cut and Spago in Los Angeles are amongst my favorite restaurants.  I'd happily eat here again, but I wouldn't walk up and down Las Vegas Blvd. to try some selections from their menu, which may or may not be there after I've arrived.
4	Went for dinner on friday to celebrate my cousin's birthday. Since we like Italian and the place seemed to have options for all of us(limited as it was) we decided to try it. The food was amazing and our server was impressive(she made everything sound delish, esp the desert and it was)..I tried fettucine with wild mushrooms and loved it. The rest loved the chicken picata(which 2 of them chose) and the spagetthi with scallops....The desert was fab...creme brulee was good.we also ordered a rasberry souffle which came in a fluffy choc cake with amazing choclate sauce...I had to tell myself to stop eating it! One of the best deserts I had...I told the server it was my cousin's birthday  and it would be great if she could get a candle with her desert....they arranged her desert on a plate with happy birthday written in choclate sauce and a candle..it was done beautifully and my cousin was happy and surprised!!There was a violinist performing in the area next to the restaurant and that made the evening even more enjoyable. I will be going back soon!!
5	This is probably my favorite Italian place I have ever tried. Every time I go to Vegas I always go and eat here. I have never been disappointed in the food and I've tried a wide variety of it. They make their pasta homemade and the price isn't too bad, especially for Vegas. The meat is always cooked perfectly and their sauces are to die for. Overall I would suggest going here whenever you have a chance.
3	A great spot to enjoy lunch if you find yourself in the Venetian...I like Postrio because it combines a good people watching opportunity with great cocktails.  The food leaves a bit to be desired, and coming with Wolfgang Puck's name on it, one automatically thinks it will be something it is not.  The few times I've been here I always leave saying the same thing:  "Next time I'm just having drinks."  The cocktails here are fantastic.  Very creative and well made drinks are enough to keep me coming back, especially the cognac and lemon juice martini, mmm mmm!Most recently we ordered:Margarita Pizza - Straight forward mozzarella flavor, nothing developed or complex, very underperforming pizza.Salt n' Pepper Calamari and Shrimp -  Perfectly light and flaky coating, good flavor, delicious sweet chili dipping sauce, just a good appetizer.Chopped salad - What was he thinking?  This salad worries me, it shouldn't  be on the menu.  There are what I take to be pickled figs in here, which do what capers often do to dishes, overpower them.  This unbalanced bowl of greens is an expensive mish mosh of salad bar rejects.Cesar Salad - Very crisp lettuce and a light dressing were a nice way to continue through our meal.  Think Cesar Salad's less chubby cousin.Pumpkin Tortelloni in Brown Butter Sage sauce - Overpowering sage flavor, whoa!  The pasta itself was very well made, and I had no issue with the pumpkin in the noodle, but the sauce failed to accentuate anything on the dish.  It really just screamed Sage, and not in a good way.Besides the good location, Namesake, and drinks, Postrio falls short of being a great restaurant.
5	Went here for lunch, and had a great meal.  Both of us had the chopped salad, but ordered it with salmon instead of the shrimp listed on the menu.  The server was more than happy to accommodate our request for the substitution.  The salmon was cooked perfectly.  Nice little spot to go for lunch, as it is in the middle of the Venetian Canal Shops with entertaining floor shows nearby.  If you can find a spot to sit on the "outside" (it's really in the mall, but outside the main restaurant), the people-watching is a blast.
3	So, there are certainly some things I do not like to eat and will not eat (poorly cooked okra, hachiya persimmons, raw oysters, and other assorted matter of objects which texture resembles mucus), but in no way do I consider myself to be a Picky Eater.  I don't think there is a strict definition of a Picky Eater, but as all of you know, you know it when you see it.  A Picky Eater is not the same as someone who is Gastronomically Educated and is therefore selective, I must make that quick distinction.  Anyway. I ended up at Postrio because I was traveling with some Picky Eaters, the kind who like hamburgers and fries, and eschew all manner of vegetal stuffs.  They wanted to go to Outback Steakhouse, which distressed me, but people like Whiny Food Snobs just about as much as they like Picky Eaters.  Postrio is affordable Las Vegas fare, the service is quick, and with the kind of menu they are sporting, it's fairly unlikely that you're going to get food poisoning.  I mean, they have PIZZA, and as a bailout meal, a margherita pizza is very very hard to wreck.  Also you can watch people look up at the painted sky ceiling in the Venetian and watch them stumble into each other, that is fun.
4	Great atmosphere, service, and food!My general opinion of restaurants on the strip is that they are overpriced and overrated.  The atmosphere of sitting in St. Marks square in the patio area was a big hit with my elderly grandparents and the waiter was very patient and professional with them. I was very happy with the meatloaf;  For $19 I got Wolfgang Puck's delicious gourmet take on the classic comfort food.  My wife had the lobster ravioli and was very happy with it.  Recommend getting reservations if you want to sit out on the patio.  I thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience at Postrio and would definitely go back for more.
3	Went to Postrio for dinner prior to a show.  Had reservations and sat on the patio.  High energy atmosphere in The Venetian's St. Marks Square, with Street Performer type shows going on in the surrounding square.  Shared the Salmon and Seafood Risotto - Salmon was excellent but risotto was a little undercooked.  The server was attentive and professional.  Prices are moderate for Las Vegas.Frankly, Postrio did not impress.  I expected a little more from a Wolfgang Puck restaurant simply from a food quality standpoint.  While I would suggest it as a viable option if staying at The Venetian. I would not return simply because of the vast number of options in Las Vegas, and would not recommend traveling from a different hotel to check it out.
3	I like this place a lot. It is in a random and busy area, where a lot of people are walking around and gawking at performers, but if you can zone that all out or sit towards the inside, it's a delightful place to eat.Our waiter was fast, and nice. He was quick, and really nice. Not particularly memorable, but he does his job and he does it just fine. The cups, dishes, and silverware were all really cute. When I see a table set well, I can really appreciate it! Everything was well thought out--the geometrical shapes of everything, the colors...it was just really pleasant to look at.The food was interesting. There were very unique dishes. We ordered an appetizer of the three sausages with mustard, and they were amazing. Each sausage had a different flavor, and I believe two of them were filled with pistachios. I'd never had that before, but I have to say I loved it. The three different types of mustard and three different types of sausage sure as heck wasn't boring. Lots of experimentation occurred, and we even discussed which pairings we liked the best. My actual entree was a pizza topped with pesto and shrimp. It was pretty good, but the pesto shrimp got a little too salty. I still enjoyed the appetizer more than i did the entree, which would have been the only reason why I gave this place 3 stars instead of 4.
4	Found ourselves in the Venetian around dinner time, and between the three main restaurants in the St. Mark's area, this one seemed to be the best bet!We didn't regret the decision, as the entire experience was both relaxing and pleasant. Instead of sitting in the weird outside vibes area, we dined inside, where it was dark but quiet. We even had a little fireplace by us, and it was eerie to see the glow of the fake outside world through the doors.Despite service being a bit confusing at times (our main waiter was slow, and we had two other people asking us for our orders at different periods), things came out timely and well cooked. My boyfriend and I shared the creamy potato leek soup which was definitely creamy and not too potato-like, but still good when served with the crunchy bread. Vegetarian fare was plain & simple - homemade pasta with a mushroom cream sauce. I'm used to this. Still a classic dish, and done great with some mini onions and a myriad of different mushrooms. It was definitely not salted enough so I asked my server, who was a bit taken aback, for a bit of salt. My boyfriend went nuts over the meatloaf & onion rings dish! I was happy about his excitement! :)The dessert menu rocked!! I don't even know where to begin. I was so confused - definitely a huge hardship for the night. I chose the lemon pudding cake with blueberry compote & blueberry gelato, which was maybe my only mistake - a little too lemony/sweet, overpowering. I wish I had gotten the sweet potato pie! Oh well :) A very great meal! Slow and delicious, definitely filing & reasonably priced.
4	This is one my my husband and my favorite places in Vegas.  We came upon this place a few months ago, loved it, and have returned every single visit to Vegas since.  (Yes, we do go that often).Our initial, life changing meal there consisted of proscuitto wrapped cantaloupe with figs, meat lasagna, and beignets.  OUT OF THIS WORLD!  (in fact, I just realized I reviewed this meal back in June 2010.  Ha ha).This Wolfgang Puck restaurant changes its menu every so often, so we haven't been able to recreate this meal since, but we haven't been disappointed.This visit, we brought my brother, and we all shared several portions of the lobster sandwich, field greens, and short rib ravioli.  The lobster sandwich was amazing.  Would do this again.  The ravioli was a little salty, but as authentic and homecooked as you can get.  Like it really tastes like the short ribs were perfectly braised, separated from the bones, and stuffed into the pasted right before they brought it out...  Of course, we got the beignets.  Yummy donuts filled with chocolate, that literally explodes in your mouth.  Watch out.  Comes with coffee ice cream.  I love it.The restaurant is located right in the center of the shopping area between the Venetian ad Palazzo, where there are intermittent shows and singing.  Really fun atmosphere to enjoy dinner.
4	Went to Postrio with my mom and 2 sisters on a Vegas 4-day girls trip. It was our Thursday night choice and we were all very pleased! I made a reservation and was immediately seated. The hostess told me that they don't seat inside the restaurant during the weekdays but it worked out perfectly because we wanted to sit "outside" (in St. Marks Square). I am a vegetarian so I ordered a salad, I think the menu is different from the on online because I can't find it. But it was definitely yummy! Good portion too. We ordered 3 pizzas, the wood oven roasted mushrooms/leeks/rosemary/goat cheese, house made pepperoni/kalamata olives/slow roasted tomatoes and the 'margheria' pizza. All were super big and very tasty. The hostess asked if we were celebrating anything and it was my older sister's birthday so after we ate they brought out this very gorgeous raspberry souffle with 3 different small bowls of sauce. The waiter then takes his spoon and breaks open the souffle and pours each one in as he explains what they are. WOW it was magnificant! I wouldn't usually order something that is raspberry but now I will definitely give it chance! It was $11 and he took it off the bill, very nice! Overall great restaurant - definitely worth the try if you in the area :)
3	Great drinks!  We had Elderflower martinis - they were yummy!  The food was great too.  As always Vegas was a little pricey.
4	Yummmmm!!!!  I got the steak with lobster mashed potatoes.  The steak was just okay; I've had better, but the mashed potatoes were AMAZING!!  There were actually huge chunks of lobster in it.  I just kept eating everything else off my plate just so that I could save the mashed potatoes for last.  The service was really good.  We were taking our time at dinner and just enjoying each others' company.  The server didn't seem to mind when he had to come back several times to see if we were ready to order.  Good food, good company, good times.  I would do it again in a heartbeat.
4	We had a great dinner here. Pretty restaurant with good service. We started with Potato Leek Soup and it was fantastic. I don't usually try cream-based soups, but made an exception. For the food, we ordered the Loup de Mer which was served with fennel and potatoes. The dish itself was very good and the potatoes were so flavorful, but very disappointing to find four or five bones in the fish. The boyfriend had the Fettucinii with Mushrooms and loved it. The dessert is what really shocked me. Of the things I look for on a dessert menu, I don't think I would have immediately picked the Smores Pie. But it was a celebration and our Server brought it out. Wow. Probably one of my favorite desserts I've had recently. The chocolate pudding/custard was so good. Fantastic dish and a really good restaurant.
4	I really liked Postrio. The food was good, the service was friendly and inviting and it wasn't super pretentious. We ate here immediately after arriving at the Venetian and really enjoyed our time.
4	I had expectations through the roof headed to this place because of everything I have ever heard about this place has been great.  We went for lunch so it was strictly "patio seating"  (in quotes because you are in St Marks Square on the patio, but its all indoors)   I had the Skirt Steak Sandwich and let me tell you, If I was not on this silly diet of mine, I would be back there at least once a week to get this delicious sandwich... you know something is really good when it literally makes your mouth water when you are writing a review about it...   If you are in the area and looking for good lunch sandwich outside the norm... give this a chance... amazing....  Moving on from the sandwich - the customer service was great...  The hostess was friendly and showed great "warmth"   It wasnt a business transaction... we really felt welcomed to the restaurant.  Our server was great.... Very prompt with the refills and bread delivery.  I will definitely go back, and next time it will probably be for dinner with the expectations of spending more $$$...   Im looking forward to it...
5	So I didn't really eat a full meal here.  I only had dessert and coffee at the bar, so my review may not really be a fair 5 stars.With that said, their CHOCOLATE BEIGNETS were to die for!  Combined with a small dollop of ice cream they served with it, it was a perfect dessert.  Paired with a simple cup of coffee, I was fully satisfied.
5	The only thing you need to order is their Margherita pizza! It's the best pizza you will ever have! Even a meat lover would enjoy this veggie pizza! If you must eat here, make sure you eat in the patio seating area so you can watch the canal's entertainment. It is a bit loud, but it's great awesome food with entertainment! Our server was pretty awesome as well. He went along with the jokes we were throwing out at him. Though I can't say the same for the busboy. Don't think he spoke very much english either. But that doesn't really matter when our real server was on point with refilling our beverages and making sure we were okay. He was a funny guy. Felt like we were just hanging out with someone that we knew for quite some time. This place is a bit pricey, but well worth the money! Their presentation is very modern and a little upscale in comparison to your ruby tuesdays, it is wolfgang puck after all! I would definitely come by here again, just for their pizza!
3	after breaking bank/emptying our wallets the night before at Olives, we opted for a slightly cheaper option.I honestly cant remember most of the meal considering we were once again in a rush to get somewhere after.  But I do remember loving and devouring my linguine with clams!  everything was divine and not heavy at all.  my one major suggestion for this place is to sit in the "patio" area as they so call it. the restaurant itself was kinda dark inside. I usually like that but it's just more fun to be pretending that your sitting outside on the streets of venice and watching the fake gondolas go by.
3	I asked the waiter for his recommendation between a couple of entrees, and he highly recommended the meatloaf, so that's what I ordered.  Nice presentation but the meatloaf itself was kinda dry. The onion rings that came with it were outstanding.
3	Too expensive for what it is, but isn't everything on the Strip?
4	Everything was wonderful!  Service, food, ambiance.Lunch crowd is more casual, and you can witness the "street entertainment".We ordered so much food and a variety, for that matter.  Everything will taste wonderful!  It's WP, for god's sake.Bloody Mary's - GREAT.
3	I was just here this weekend.  Service was great and the waiters were attentive and polite.  However, the food seems to be a hit or miss for the price.  For example, the salmon was great, but the thirty-something dollar flat iron was okay.  The beef skewers were also disappointing for the price as they were a bit dry.  Skip that and shoot for the Calamari, scallop, and shrimp appetizer.
1	Unfortunately Postrio has taken a turn for the worse. We ordered a tuna tartare appetizer which was decent. My girlfriends gnocchi was decent but the lobster in my lobster club was rotten. My girlfriend needed to pick up some immodium after our visit and almost vomited while in the restaurant. Postrio is down for the count!! What happened!? This used to be a regular stop for us. NO MORE!!
4	This is based on a catered free experience.I gotta say I had some great food experiences here.The tuna tartare wasn't amazing, but was very good. The beef slider was really interesting (though over cooked). The pepperoni pizza with olives was awesome! totally loved that! The chicken satay was really meh...stupid white meat chicken lovers...I might try it for lunch before I leave...it was really enjoyable :)
4	Firmly squared in st. mark's square is this little restaurant. After all being in "venice" there's no better place to be. There is enterantainment and gelato nearby.I had the house lasagna, which was pretty good. Nothing ground shaking, but indeed a solid course. Every dish my family ordered was indeed great.However what stuck out to me, and would make me come back for more was the superb service. My grandparents are super 80+ and the waiter really walked them through and explained the courses to them. Its a nice pleasant touch, and done with the right spirit and its a winner.
1	While undoubtably the food here is fine, diner's must keep their eyes on their wallets at all times, lest they be picked by the Puck.  My wife and I and three other couples strolled the Grand Canal and chose Postrio for dinner this particular evening. We're all foodies and while on business we indulge when we can.  After ordering drinks, the waitress (or accomplice) told us about the specials.  One appetizer caught my ear - shrimp, oysters,  clams and half a boiled lobster on ice.  I said "Let's have one of those, then we'll order." She asked "Would you like it for the table?" "Yes," I replied, "We'll share it." So she brought two to the table. I only ordered one but it's just an appetizer, why not? So here we see two bowls of ice with a few small shrimp, a few oysters and half a baby lobster - $135 each.  Nice!  So make sure you ask the price before ordering any special or you're likely to get Wolfgang Pucked up the bum.
4	I was a bit torn on whether or not to say that this place has outdoor seating due to the fact that it's inside the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian, which is spectacularly themed to look like St. Mark's Square in Venice. We sat on the "patio" and even saw some pigeons walking about!     I had a chopped vegetable salad, which was actually pretty good and managed to fill me up. Nice place to grab a bite and people-watch in Vegas!
3	I ordered the crispy salmon dish on a blended pea sauce.  The blended pea sauce was actually refreshing.  The salmon on the other hand was nothing to rave about.
3	I had the prosciutto pizza which was pretty good.  It was listed as a pesto based pizza, instead of marinara, but I like the 4-cheese pesto one way better.  The location was nice and we were able to watch a live show going on next door in the Venetian.
4	I don't remember that many things about Postrio, but it had a couple of stand out extremely good dishes:- the best meatloaf of my life- great pizza- amazing ginger-fruit cocktail- chocolate beignetsAlso solid fish dishes! Basically I am a Wolfgang fan.  Good bread, always solid food, nice drinks.  The only thing about Postrio I don't particularly enjoy is the campyness of its setting (if you sit outside), but some people like that, I guess.  It's part of the allure.  I'm mostly basing this 4 star review on the most recent trip I've made there, but I will admit that it's not always good.  The first time I went there, it was very underwhelming, and I distinctly remember a disappointing duck, but it's very solid on the whole.
4	Well Wolfgang, you did well my friend.This place was great to grab my last meal in Vegas on my business trip.  I enjoyed a salad with added chicken while enjoying a show right outside the dining area.  The restaurant is a lot bigger than it looks and would be great to impress a large group.
5	Amazing place to dine, food and service where outstanding. I don't think I agree with the $$ price listed here but I think the pricing was defiantly in-line with the high quality service and food.
5	Wow Chef Mark rocks. From the fried calamari (best anywhere) to the pizza, gnocchi to the great cocktails and desserts. We love it here. Always great service too!
5	Very nice place with great service! I had the handmade-homestyle lasagna and it was awesome...pasta was freshly made! Service was top notch. My fork accidentally fell on the floor and before I could even think about picking it up and asking for a new one the waiter had already picked it up and handed me a new one. Food was simple yet elegant and drinks were amazing. Waiter was very nice and friendly. I had a great time and will be coming back next time for sure!
5	We went to Postrio on our last night in Vegas. We usually have lunch at Spago once during our trips to town, but decided to try Postrio for dinner instead. We wanted a simple meal and I ordered the caprese salad to start and practically licked the plate! My husband had the crab cakes, which were delicious. We shared the best pizza I've ever eaten. Wow, it was so good!  And to end the meal we had the mango souffle with raspberry sauce which was extraordinary! I'm still thinking about that dessert a week later! The wait staff was professional and attentive, we sat "outside" on the patio, which while noisy, is a fun place to people watch.  Go there and enjoy.
5	Lovely meal after a very long day. Restaurant was packed.  We had a reservation and were seated promptly. Friendly server and great service throughout meal. Caesar salad was perfect with white anchovies. Not too dressed and crispy lettuce. Chicken Milanese was best ever. Really crispy with fresh arugula and spectacular tomatoes. Nice wine list by glass. Bread was yummy too. Too full for dessert. Next time. Small space with all tables filled but you didn't feel crowded. Out in open @ Venetian with a quartet playing in background.
3	I'm not going to lie: we were here with a large group (19 people) and in a rush to head over to the Marquee (or was it Tao?).Between us all, we probably ordered 4-5 pizzas and I only got to try one: the typical BBQ chicken.  Was it good?  Yes.  Amazing for a Wolfgang Puck restaurant?  Maybe, maybe not.  It didn't blow me away like I thought it would, but maybe we should have gotten something else.Of course, the ambiance is great in the Venetian.  We were sat outside next to the bar and got pretty decent service -- except my friend who sat in a corner behind a pillar got skipped over his water a couple times, but it's forgivable.Moral of the story: don't get a pizza at higher end places.If you like, it seems like they have smaller, quieter seating behind glass doors.
3	Their chicken salad is very good (not as good as it used to be with the port wine soaked grapes). It is served on cherry pecan bread. Prices aren't bad either.
4	We had a really great dinner here one of the nights of our vacation. We stayed in the Venetian, and wanted to grab some dinner right downstairs. I'm glad we chose Postrio.Wine was good, and so was my pomegranate martini.For an app, we started with the Butter Lettuce Caesar Salad. Pretty good!For dinner, I had the Free Range Chicken - which was d e l i c i o u s. Seriously one of the best free ranges I've had. The yukon potato "puree", which is just fancy for mashed poatoes, was excellent. I meant to ask what sauce was over the chicken, because it went so well with the potatoes. Just a really enjoyable plate all around. My boyfriend ordered the ricotta qnocchi. A really small portion, but he loved it. Couldn't stop talking about how good it was.We skipped on dessert, but I'm sure its good based on all the reviews about it.We had such a great dinner, we even came back for a second time before our vacation was over.
3	Just okay.  Started with a caesar salad which consisted of four lettuce wedges, drizzled with caesar dressing and topped with hunks of blue cheese and anchovy.  Not a huge fan of lettuce wedges because they are a pain to eat.  It always ends up going everywhere.  The dressing was good though.I had the scallops which was a nightly special.  Seared scallops, roasted vegetables and a pea pistachio puree.  The scallops were cooked well but that puree was just odd.  Not a great flavor and this dish would have been a lot better without it.  At least the company I was with was good!The food was really nothing special, but it is a cool little atmosphere.  Located in the Cannal Shoppes and if you sit on their version of a "patio," you can entertain yourself watching the little performances staged near the restaurant.  For those of you who choose your restaurants to accomodate rug rats, I think if you sit in this area, it would be good for kids.  We had a 3 month old with us and it provided easy access to the closest bathroom for diaper changes!
3	My mom and I came here becuase we received a 20% off coupon for staying at the Palazzo, so we figured it would be nice to go to a nice dinner.  The places was just OK. The service wasn't that great! After several requests it took them about 15 min for our drinks and some bread.   I order the hamburger which was ok and my mom ordered the Halibut which looked good but was dry.  It was not worth the $100 we spent there.  There are  better places in vegas and I would not come back here.
3	Eh, for a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, the food at Postrio was underwhelming.  The meatball pizza was...just ok.  When ordering, our waiter did mention that their tomato sauce was amazing...and it WAS good.  But, I found the meatballs to be too soft and semi-crumbly.  The white/veggie pizza was also ok, but a little bland.  The truffle potato chips were a win, though!  Very tasty and fresh!  The big draw for this restaurant, though, is that you are eating "outside" in the Ventatian's replica of St. Mark's Square.  That in itself is probably the best part of this experience.  Since you're outside, you can people watch or take in one of the fun shows that are going on out there.  It's fun for all ages!  The service here is absolutely lovely and friendly, too.  Our waiter didn't smirk when my dad ordered a Reuben without the sauerkraut, rye bread and thousand island dressing.  That takes alot of skill right there.
4	Very good food and service, pleasant ambience sitting under the air-conditioned "sky" of Venice at a simulated sidewalk cafe.  Server really knew his wines.
5	Love it.  Great food, great service.  Had a 25% discount coupon that I got at a tix4tonight booth.  My girlfriend keeps nagging me to go back she loved it so much.  Worth checking out.
3	Had lunch here when in Vegas for a conference.  More like a 3.5.  After watching Wolfgang Puck berate a Food Network Star contestant for her attempt at gnocci, I had to give it a try.  It was tasty, the tomato sauce with finely chopped Italian sausage was perfect with the ricotta. It was, however, served alone on a plate much larger than the portion, and I couldn't help but notice that the next table over was given a plate of bread with their pasta dishes.I had dinner on a previous night at Maggiano's, and while I like to explore beyond chain restaurants, I have to say the dinner there was tastier, larger portion size (I ate part of it for breakfast the next morning), much more attentive service (& all the bread we would have asked for), and it cost less.  If you're looking to try "celebrity chef" food, it's OK, nothing was wrong with it, but I probably wouldn't go back.
4	I  had a good lunch.  Located in the Venetian shoppes it was great for lunch.
5	One of the reasons I chose Postrio for our "fancy" dinner in Vegas was the lack of bench seating.  Seriously.  If I'm going to spend $30-40/plate I don't want to be seated with strangers ala McDonald's.  Postrio doesn't make you sit with strangers so they immediately got an extra star from me.They offered us the option of sitting in St. Mark's Square or in the dining room.  My husband indicated that it was our anniversary and let the host make the choice for us.  He sat us in the dining room because it's a bit quieter in there and we could sit closer together in a booth.I had a martini with hennessy in it (sorry, don't remember the name) and an elderflower martini.  The hennessy martini was delicious!  My husband had a beer - don't remember which one.I ordered the pancetta wrapped meatloaf, and my husband ordered the Kobe beef.  After tasting both, we agreed that mine was better... although I really enjoyed the chimichurri sauce on his beef.  For dessert we shared the souffle.  I like mine to have more chocolate/cream sauce than was provided, but it was definitely good.The wait staff was attentive and accommodating.  They brought out a black napkin so that I wouldn't have to worry about white lint on my black skirt.  I would definitely eat here again.
2	The evening here was somewhat disappointing. We had made reservations a week ahead and arrived on time. We were seated after waiting about 10 minutes in the inside dining room, which was nice. We waited over 15 minutes before our drink order was taken by a very disinterested server. We then waited over 25 minutes for our drinks to arrive. The dining room was only half full on a Sunday evening. I had taken finally ONE sip of my drink and the food arrived less than two minutes after the drinks arrived. Ar this point we were not happy with the constant delays and the continued disinterest by the server. My husband's liver/onions was delicious. My roasted potatoes were also very good, but the crab cakes were mushy and tasteless. I only ate one of the four very tiny crabcakes. They did take 1/2 of the cost of the crabcakes off of the bill, which was a nice gesture, but we were annoyed by the delays and poor attitude. We had been looking forward to a relaxing evening after a long day of business, but instead left quickly and without ordering anything else. Had the service been good, I could have been much more forgiving with the blah crabcakes because the rest of the food was very good. We wont be back.
4	Headline: Expensive, but the pizza is good @WolfgangBuzz does well in Vegas.Postrio is in the heart of the venetian - second floor (where the canal is) and right on St. Marks Square.  You can sit "outside" if you want, and it certainly adds to the atmosphere.  Inside is a sleek modern dining room that doesn't detract from the charm of this place.  The music was a little too loud for my taste, but this is Las Vegas, after all.Service was ok - slow to the point where I was looking for people, but not so slow that I was looking for a way out.  I definitely felt neglected though.Let's talk food.  I had pizza - after all, it's what Wolfgang Puck is known for, and it didn't disappoint.  The crust was thin and perfectly cooked.  The tomato sauce was to die for - I'd love to know where they get their tomatoes because it actually tasted like tomatoes.  The toppings were delicious - mine was a collection of various meats together with mushrooms, chilis and onions.  I wish whoever was cleaning the chilis was a little more careful - one of mine had the seeds and membrane and almost blew my palate.Since we were having such a convivial evening, we decided to order dessert.  A word of warning (and I wish the waiter had warned us prior to ordering) - the "Pucks Pies" take a while to bake as they are made fresh - expect a 15-ish minute wait.  I ordered the peach melba pie - really good.  I wish I could have had a warm custard option instead of the ice cream, which was nothing special.  The crumble topping was delicious and the pie came out nice and warm.Definitely recommended place.
4	We went back to Postrio for lunch and it was just as good as dinner! There were about 10 things on the menu we both wanted to try. He got a Reuben sandwich and I got a crazy meat pizza with jalapenos. Lots of meat and lots of jalapenos - it got super spicy. Its nice to sit "outside" and people watch - this is a really good place to eat in Vegas.
3	Least food impressive of the Restaurant Week Fixed charity menus, but still a lot of fun and wish we had had time for a gondola ride. We couldn't get seated early on our 10pm reservation but didn't feel hustled in or out very relaxing interesting crowd scene once you do get seated.Maybe it was because we were only an hour before closing but they WERE out of the sea bass which we only found out after ordering it, and there were no mussels in the yummy halibut dish, and I suggested to our nice server Randi that he tell the kitchen they must be out of Halibut also, since our 4 ounce portion was half skin and I LIKE the skin. But otherwise exceptional appetizers and light dessert on the Restaurant week $50 plate and the Pizza IS good. Try the Sangria if you feel like something a little different. We are fans, but stick with the pizza.
1	So I was going to give this place 4 stars because the meatloaf I had was very good, but BEWARE OF THIS PLACE!My friends and I dined here last weekend and the waiter STOLE MONEY from TWO of my friends.  He FORGED their receipts and added extra tip for himself.   His name was ANDRE SMIT! Doesn't he know that HE HAS COMMITED A CRIME?  I'm sorry that such dishonest people work at your restaurant Wolfgang =(.
3	You must absolutely get the Truffled Potato Chips with Bleu Cheese.Everything else we ordered was pretty good but that initial appetizer blew our minds. We got a couple pizzas and the burger on the menu. Again, anything and everything was good in terms of quality and presentation.I'm taking off 1 star from this place because the service is extremely slow. You might as well wear pajamas and take a nap because it takes like 7 hours to get your meal. It wasn't even busy in the restaurant either when I was there.
5	Enjoyed my meal very much!
4	Came here last Friday night for dinner. We had a 150$ commped dinner and waiter was great.  The oysters fresh, the Kobe rib eye to die for, the Greek salad huge!  Must say the best part of the evening was watching Steve Wynn and Larry king. Made the night fun! Loved sitting out front on the patio people watching also.
5	Get the French Omelet.You're welcome.
3	We sat at the bar for drinks and food.  The bartender was sorta shmoozy but also mildly condescending, but he made drinks and I wasn't expecting a new best friend.  We had:Calamari - blandCauliflower  - beautiful, multicolored roasted cauliflower, gorgeous and tasty and well preparedApple salad - very good, great dressing, good portions, and they split it for us without us asking, when we said we would be sharing the appetizersMartinis - dirty martinis with blue cheese stuffed olivesThe bathroom is so dark, you need a flashlight or your phone light if you are going to try to redo your makeup or lipstick.Overall it was ok, but certainly not a great experience, and it feels weird eating in what is essentially a roped off area of a main lobby.  Eh, I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.
5	I celebrated an important milestone in this fine establishment and I am so very glad I did.  We had an amazing server named Mike who took care of our table of 12.  WE had great seats outside with views of St. Marks square.  We had a round of appetizers consisting of the truffle chips, tuna tartare and crab cakes.  Sterling starters.  The entrees were beautifully prepared and because I am a meat-eater I stuck to the steak which is cooked Argentianian style, with chimichurri sauce.  Another hit.  I was full but there is always room for dessert and we indulged in the production and presentation heavy chocolate souffle.  Manna from dessert heaven.  I was happy, satiated and totally comfortable as I walked away from our table.  Kudos to the staff for making my experience unforgettable!
4	Quite possibly the bestest chicken parmesan i have ever had the pleasure of eating. It was pricy at 25 bucks, but worth every piece!Served with delicious garlic bread and a balsamic green salad.They took absolutely forever to bring our food, which was very problematic because we had not eaten in a LONG time and we were hungover and cranky after a night of partying.Everyone else seemed pleased with their food.I will definitely return, if only for that delicious chicken parmesan.Wolfgang puck knows hot to please me!
3	I don't think Wolfgang Puck has every did me wrong. He knows how to run a great restaurant even though he isn't there and this place is no exception. I had the gnocchi and also ordered the blue cheese with truffle potato chips to start and it was so salivatingly good. I'm beginning to think Vegas is the new best culinary showcase city.
5	Before walking in, I was very against eating at this place. To me, it was just another overly-priced restaurant with lackluster food, but I was completely wrong. Yes it was a bit pricey, but the food was excellent. The Prime burger with the garlic aioli was absolutely delicious, as well as the Pink Lady Apple salad. Quite possibly the only salad that I've ever actually enjoyed. However what actually made me make an account and write this review is the service. Very kind and accomodating. I was eating someone with some dietary restrictions, and they were very helpful. Also they did take very long with our order due to some complications in the printing system. We hadn't even noticed, but they gave us two complimentary truffle chips and bleu cheese. Those too were phenomenal. I highly recommend this place.
5	man oh man oh man.... this place is sooo good.  Its why I continue to go back.  This time out I had some spicy tuna tartare to start and my friend had the truffel and bleu cheese home-made chips... delish!    I had a few johnnie black and sodas then out came my striped bass (fish of the day) order over some delicious fresh veggies, some sort of mushroom sauce and a tad of potatoes....   man was this good... i actually ate the fish painfully slow, because I didnt want it to be all gone.  Its like it wasnt fair that it was going to be gone in a few minutes - lol -  I really wish I could afford to eat here every night -- and by afford I mean calories... that was my cheat meal of the week.... Silly diets  :)      But, I know I will go back because this place is just far too good not to.  see ya soon Postrio.
2	So incredibly pricey! For the price...not sure if it's worth it. Waiter was good and we were seated so that we could look at all the people shopping outside. Our order:Calamari: Gluten free whaaaaat? But yes, it is! Not super crispy, but definitely nice flavor though slightly bland. Sweet and sour sauce instead of traditional cocktail/marinara. Not bad.Caesar salad: Very fresh and crispy. For the price of $13 though? It really was a slab of romaine lettuce with dressing...Roasted chicken with BBQ sauce pizza: Bf did not like this at all. Sauce was lacking and chicken was dry. Pizza crust was dense, yet tried to be a thin crust...not crispy. Honestly, the flavor just tasted off to me.Kurobuta pork schnitzel: Um, it was a dry pork cutlet mashed thin and fried. The whole grain mustard sauce was good, but $27 for a pork cutlet is just not acceptable. Do not get this! Looks plain and tastes like it too! My friend did not even bother to finish it and ate her bf's food instead.Free range chicken: Half a chicken over very smooth, slightly buttery potato puree. Veggies (brussel sprouts) were pretty good. the chicken was well seasoned and the natural au jus was flavorful as well, however some of the chicken was still dry. It is difficult to make moist chicken breast though, so I can't complain too much. Overall, for the price we are paying, I expected more. I'll come here if my friend wants to go again, but I probably would not come here on my own, especially considering that Venetian offers so many wonderful restaurants.
3	My partner and I ate here for xmas dinner and had the 3 course holiday menu.  It was good but not exceptional.  I had the osso bucco which as good but not great.  It was served with the butcher string still on it which is a major no no for chefs and it was lacking a little seasoning, sauce and gremolata. It just needed somethign to make it exceptional.  My partner had the scallops which were very good but the plate basically had the 3 average sized scallops and nothing else. It seemed more like an appetizer.  Good thing we had the dessert course afterwards, which was excellent, or he would have been hungry.    The service was great even though they were very busy. Overall a good meal. I would try again.
4	I didn't know what to expect from Postrio, but was very pleased with my first meal here.  My party of four was seated in a booth in the main dining room after my party of four arrived five minutes before our 7:00 p.m. reservation and announced our presence.  After a few slices of good bread and butter, We began with a Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail and Spicy Tuna Tartare.  The Shrimp Cocktail was really unusual looking.  Six long and mostly straight shrimps lay on the plate, heads and all.  We cut off the heads, and then found that the cold shrimp meat was just as tasty dipped in a horseradish-based Cocktail Sauce as the more common curved variety.  These specimens were neither rubbery nor tough, and six of them was a generous serving.  The Tuna Tartare, with avocado, pickled ginger, cucumber, and crisp wontons, was just mildly spicy, moist, refreshingly cool, and delicious.Next was one of the best Margarita Pizzas I have ever eaten.  It was orange topped with six red tomato slices evenly spread  around the circumference, with Mozzarella Cheese nicely melted over each slice of tomato, fresh basil haphazardly resting in place, on a crust that was supple but perfectly baked.  The outer rim looked hard but wasn't.  Slices were juicy, finished with San Marzano Tomato Sauce.  Our appetizer pizza was dispatched quite quickly; it could have served as a nice entree.  Later, when walking out of the restaurant, I saw two more Margarita Pizzas that looked just like ours, so there appears to me consistency in food preparation.Home Style Chicken Soup was chock-full of cut vegetables and hunks of tender white chicken meat, and tasted great.  Caesar Salad was all good, with a spicy and creamy Caesar dressing, except a single anchovy was rather flat and pretty tasteless.  Clam Chowder with a few Parmesan crackers floating on top was a little rough: somewhat smokey and spicy in flavor, with undressed chunks of clams inside as if just plucked out of their shells.Pancetta Wrapped Meatloaf with Mushroom Gravy, resting on a bed of Yukon Gold Potato Puree, with three buttermilk-battered Onion Rings on top, was really dense but very tasty--great comfort food!  A side of buttered Buttered Brussels Sprouts was okay, while multi-hued Cauliflower was visually appealing and nicely cooked--not too hard and not too soft.  The heads were orange, green, white, and black.   A Banoffee--Banana & Toffee Cream Pie--made with House-Made Toffee and Banana Cream in a Sugar Dough Shell with a thick crust, was a unique, cool and refreshing dessert.  Banana lovers will really like this dish, that includes a small pitcher of Toffee Syrup to pour over the large slice of pie as much as one desires.  Iced Tea was good and tasty, and a non-alcoholic Mint Iced Tea was even more refreshing.  Service was excellent except that I had to request one Iced Tea refill, and two serving spoons for the sides.  Diane was accommodated by a requested substitution of very good Roasted Potatoes for Austrian Potatoes, and Buerre Blanc for a Mustard-based sauce.  In fact, I was leaning toward an award of five stars until the day after we dined there, when I was contacted by Open Table via email that the restaurant had reported my party as a "no show."  It was aggravating to have to prove that we were there after spending about $300 on dinner for four, but it was easy to do since our server had presented me with his card.  But the restaurant should perform better checking off of honored reservations than this, so 1/2 a star was lost for this irritating mistake.  But, overall, this was still a very enjoyable dining experience, and I plan to return soon to sample other intriguing offerings.4-1/2 stars on this initial outing!
2	Overpriced!  The food is average.
4	It's inside the Venetian.  It's part of the Wolfgang Puck chain.  It's 25% more than a similar meal off the strip.  That being a given the service was excellent even though they were packed at lunch.  The roasted turkey on sourdough with chips was very good.  I also had a beer that at $8 was a bit over priced anywhere off the strip.  I had a seat with great people watching.  Normally I avoid strip places just because of the value factor but I would definitely lunch here again.  Interestingly what drew me in was the corned beef Reuben but I changed my mind based on I prefer sourdough to rye.
1	Wow, to compare my experience here this time and my last time in August is the difference between night and day.  It took 30 minutes to receive our drinks (5 minutes before our food came out).  Our server came to the table exactly 3 times - once to take our drink order, once to take our order, then again 15 minutes after our food came out.  The server definitely did *not* get a tip as he didn't deserve one.  Very disappointing considering how much we liked Postrio previously.
4	The staff had worked with my friends to get their money returned to them and we were told that thief of a waiter was terminated.I would possibly come back here when in Vegas again, but otherwise I think I can find similar dishes at Wolfgang's other restaurants in LA.
1	Really extremely slow bad service. All in one. Our waitress was nice but she never checked up on us. Not even once. I came in a group of 8 people for my birthday dinner. How could you miss us? The food was not good either for contemporary American food. Its definitely not worth writing all the food we got so im just going to keep it real simple. The food took forever in a day dude. I yawned so much i lost my appetite. Then everyone at dinner started to get sleepy.  Wasting my money on food is one thing but wasting my time too? save your time and money for some place else. Next!
3	The food is average, I had their version of Linguini and clams and it was not as good as any little independent Italian restaurant in NY or Jersey can do, and of course way more expensive with the WP name behind (that's really what you're paying for).    The wine list is mediocre and pricey, and let's not forget that because of all the mod, hard surfaces, this place is so loud you'll need to yell at your friends over dinner.      So, not bad but not that great either.
5	If you do nothing else make sure you order the calamari and rock shrimp appetizer.  Hands down the best calamari I've ever had.  The prices overall are not bad for Vegas, especially considering this is in one of the nicer hotels.  The service was great and the food was great.  It's one of the better places I've eaten at in Vegas and I've been to many.
4	Overall had a great time at Postrio. Atmosphere was nice, drinks were great. However, service tended to be slow and food for the price wasn't fantastic. My  prosutto pizza was too salty and non adventurous. It noted it had pesto and goat cheese on it, but where was it? Also had requested mushrooms to be added and this was forgotten. Nearly a $20 personal pizza. The Aviation drink I had was simply delicious. Crisp and refreshing. We had a large group with us and they were accomodating to our group. Drinks came out incredibly slow as did food. No huge deal as we weren't in a rush but frustrating when we were so hungry! :)I would recommend Postrio for a nice evening out in Vegas!
5	We were very impressed with Postrio. We had an excellent server who even gave a member of our party a tour of the kitchen when we asked about the pizza stove. The pasta is homemade and excellent and the pizza is very good as well. The refills on my iced tea came as soon as I put down the glass and without asking. This was by far our best meal in Vegas and we are looking forward to going back.
5	My husband and I ate here 3 consecutive nights during our stay at the Venetian.  We were on a diet and fearful that we would either fall off the wagon or eat poorly.  Postrio prepared great healthy food, that tasted heavenly.  The salads were delicious and fresh, and the sea bass prepared over a bed of asparagus and pureed parsnip was divine.  Service was excellent, Warren the manager was very attentive and we could enjoy the entertainment in St. Marks Square from our dinner table.  Take escalator up near Blue Man Group ticket office, and it will bring you right into St. Mark's Square.
5	Postrio was fantastic!  They took great care of me and my wife when celebrating her birthday!I highly recommend the meatloaf!Service was simply incredible and well deserving of the five stars.  Worth it all the way around and a genuine find in the Venetian!WAY TO GO WOLFGANG!
5	Very impressed. The service was excellent, the food was delicious, and the atmosphere was fun yet elegant. My husband treated me for a pre-birthday dinner while visiting Vegas this past weekend and he picked Postrio. I like Wolfgang Puck though sometimes he's a bit overrated. Postrio however, did not disappoint. I had a lovely glass of prosecco and we enjoyed the trio of housemade sausages for an appetizer. My husband had the spaghetti and meatballs and I enjoyed the meatloaf. We were both impressed with the bread selection and thought the foccocia was the most delicious we'd ever tasted. For dessert we shared the Banoffee which was a banana cream pie with toffee sauce. It was amazing! Definitely ask for a table inside if you don't want the hustle and bustle of the Venetian to intrude on your dining experience. It's much quieter inside and more appropriate for an intimate dinner for two.
5	Seems like many reviews are complaining about the price, so let me start with this:Uh YEAH, you are in a world class chef's restaurant in LAS VEGAS.  It's going to be pricey!Having said that, I thought it was excellent all the way around.  We went late, about 9:30pm after the Phantom show.   Plenty of seating available, we had a reservation but didn't really need one for the dining room.  Patio area was full and I do not think you can reserve that.Service was outstanding.  Yes, the food takes a bit of time, but again, you are in a world class chefs house, not Chili's!I had the free-range chicken which was beautifully cooked.  Everything on the plate was great from the chicken to the veggies.   And I will add, for being "pricey" the portion size was great, a full half chicken and a full plate of garnish and potato.  Sometimes at this type of place you expect a $30 chicken dish to be about 3 ounces of meat and a handful of carrots...not here!Last time in LV I went to one of Puck's other spots, in Caesars I think but not for sure on the location, and it was not good.   I was a bit hesitant, but wanted to eat in the same place we were seeing the show.   I was not disappointed this time.  Highly recommend!
5	One often hears a rendition of the famous adage to enjoy the journey rather than to rush through it, and this is one prime example of such great advice.We were intrigued by the 1000 plus reviews for Bouchon, so our aim was to dine at this establishment for brunch.  However, i couldn't muster any more energy to walk that extra 10 minutes through the windy Venetian Hotel, so we ended up at Postrio instead.  MUST.EAT. NOW.  lol.  this was an amazing gem with prime real estate seating.  LUNCH FARE: RICOTTA GNOCCHI with Sweet Fennel Sausage Bolognese ($25)a soft ballad of flavors dance together with each bite.  so soft with potatoes oozing out.  each bite was outstanding and just the perfect portion.TRIO OF HOUSE MADE SAUSAGES ($16)Housemade Mustard, Pickled Vegetables, Grilled Country Bread, Baby Mache.  yes, appetizer portion, but i knew i had to save room for dessert.  my ideal type of meal is usually 60% protein, 30% veggies, and 10% carbs, and this dish delivers exactly that.  executed so well, each bite was heavenly.  the sausage on the far right had pistachios, so pistachio lovers -- make note.  the fuchsia looking vegetable adjacent to the pistachio sausage is actually pickled watermelon.   it's not the typical watermelon that one would purchase at the local market.  this type of melon had the tight texture & consistency of a daikon or a radish, yet it was a watermelon.  CHOCOLATE MELTING BEIGNETS were fabulous! ($12)the chocolate beignets were oozing with warm chocolate filling and dusted with powdered sugar.  one proper spoonful of ice cream  was the perfect complement to the warm beignet.  the vanilla dipping sauce was just an icing to the dish -- it was great, but not necessary, but definitely did not hurt it at all.  for a dessert, everything was "not too sweet" either, which is always perfect in my books. for Mimi L,  they carry Banoffee, which is a banana & toffee cream pie ($9).  Other delectable treats include chocolate cream pie ($9), warm apple pie ($9), lemon cheesecake ($10), chocolate souffle ($12), and housemade ice cream or sorbet ($8)****SERVICE was impeccable.  Our server, Luigi, was nothing short of accommodating and awesome.  the pseudo "outdoor" seating gave us a great glimpse of St Mark's Square, where performers entertain passerbys.  the festive atmosphere and costume of the performers really enhances the "Venetian" feel.lastly, love how the manager emails me personally to welcome me back to the restaurant.  i had received a similar email from Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill at MGM Grand.  great personal touch.  definitely worthy of 5 stars =)  Mr. Puck, i'm starting to become a fan of yours.
3	We had a late lunch here.  Food was good and pretty typical Wolfgang Puck fare.  We split a salad and a pizza.  Service was painfully slow and it took forever to get our food-- even at a time when it wasn't that busy.   We ate "outside" and enjoyed watching a Venetian show as we ate.
4	Loved the lobster sandwich !
4	I'm reviewing Postrio after eating there two separate times.  If you are staying at the Venetian or at the Palazzo, this is an excellent option for fine dining.  My husband grew up in Germany, so he shares Wolfgang Puck's love and admiration for all things schnitzel, hence a return visit.  Most people were eating in the "outside" patio, where you can enjoy the beautiful faux Venice ambiance.  The lighting in this courtyard area is truly spectacular.  But, it is really loud and you are usually subject to some "entertainment" on the nearby stage, which has terrible sound.  So, we opted to eat inside the restaurant which was sleek and modern and quiet.  I much preferred this to the patio option, personally.Our server was prompt and knowledgeable; accomodating without condescention.  We were served several kinds of bread, including a remarkably light and flavorful foccacia. We started our meal sharing the apple salad which was, quite possibly, the best salad I have ever eaten.  The ingredients in the salad were all top-quality and the salad had a perfect balance of textures and flavors, featuring morsels of aged blue cheese and spiced marcona almonds.  The fennel was shaved thin and the apples were mandolined; both kept crisp in ice water until immediately before plating.  I highly recommend this salad as I have never had anything quite like it anywhere else.My husband had the schnitzel, served with a warm mustard sauce.  The pork was pounded flat and the breading was uniformly crisp and not overly heavy.  It came with a very small amount of potatoes and roasted tomatoes, that appeared almost an after thought to the huge pork cutlet dominating the plate.  The waiter told us this is always on the menu as it reminds Wolfgang Puck of his Austrian upbringing and he does the dish proud.  I ordered the Cioppino, featuring shrimp, clams and fish.  It was good, not great.  The seafood had fresh flavor and firm texture and was not overcooked.  The broth was heavily scented from fennel and tomatoes.  I don't know Cioppino as a dish very well, but I would be surprised if this is as good as it gets.  All in all, a good option for those visiting the Las Vegas strip.  It's pricey, but certainly not the most expensive option in a very high-dollar area.  And, the menu offers a variety for those looking for a break from the Italian and steakhouse options available elsewhere.
4	Nice atmosphere, Greek salad is light and refreshing, calamari was a little over breaded, catch of the day (seabass) was cooked great, clams linguini was decent but nothing to write home about. Finally the sangria was very nice and the chocolate souffle seemed overly decadent when being put together at the table, but it turned out to have a great combination of flavors.Our waiter Michael was molto benne!
4	Love coming here. Their meatballs with the spaghetti are ridiculously good and i love the chicken milanese.
1	Disclaimer: a vegan's viewI often don't bother reviewing restaurants with poor vegan choices, but feel compelled to here because this one couldn't even get me a salad that was sufficient.I thought I'd get pizza with no cheese. Their pizza dough has egg in it.Ok, salad. ALL of their dressings except for one also has egg whites in them. That's odd, but whatever. So I get the chopped vegetable salad with the one dressing they can offer. The salad was mediocre and meager in portion size. So after lunch here I had to go find something to eat.
2	Went to this restaurant memorial day weekend, service was good but thats about it.  The food took a long time and when it finally came out it was mediocre.  I was dissapointed, I expected a little better from this celebrity chef.  i wont return.  Not work my money, Otto is directly accross and is much better.  I will not return.
5	Surprised to see so many negative reviews.  The service here was amazing, the food was awesome, and the Long Island Ice Tea was bomb.  I mean seriously, who actually likes the taste of a long island ice tea?  I bought it because I was short on cash and the meal was kind of pricey, but that drink was GOOD!
4	Had a large group for lunch yesterday.  Clients, so wanted to make sure I found a good spot.  Postrio does not disappoint.  Great food.  Atmosphere in the restaurant is relaxed.  The only complain I would have is the service.  The waiters kept forgetting things and we had to constantly remind them for items we had asked for.  That would be my only complaint.  Way too many servers and hostesses wandering around trying to look busy, but not really doing anything.  I would definitely recommend this place though.
4	This really is a fun place to eat. You get the feeling of being outside on a patio but without the wind and the cold. Service was fantastic, ambiance was great, and my boyfriend and I both enjoyed the food. I had the mushroom pizza and he had one of the pasta dishes, but it all looked pretty good. :)
1	While I enjoy a few other Wolfgang Puck restaurants this one is just terrible.They messed up our order on more then one occasion.I ordered the "Pink Lady Apple Salad, Arugula, Fennel, Medjool Dates, Shropshire Blue Cheese, Aged Sherry Vinaigrette " for the start. I specifically asked if they could exchange the Arugula for a crisper green such as Romaine or Butter Lettuce and they assured me it would be no problem. Well, my salad came and it had Arugula. I brought it to the waiters attention and he did say they messed up and would re-make it right except by the time the new salad came so did my steak.  It would turn out that I had time to eat the newer salad because the "Rib Eye Steak" I ordered well done came out rare.I just didn't enjoy my meal or the service. For what you pay in this restaurant you would expect that what you order would come out right.Well, for the both of our meals it came out to $120 before tip.I recommend not wasting your money here.
5	One of the best lunches we had on our recent visit to Las Vegas was here at Postrio.  Good food, excellent service, and a really nice environment.  We had a couple of different pizzas and a couple of different sandwiches.  All were shared and all were equally enjoyed.  How could it get much better?Service was excellent.  Dignified but not snooty.  The water boy even "blocked" teh glass with anapkin when he poured to ensure not to splash on the food.  What nice touch!I graded a bit harshly (and feel a little bit embarassed to do so), giving only four stars, because one of the white napkins set at our table had a very visible smear of tomato sauce.  Although that situation was discretely corrected within 2.68 seconds of bringing it to their attention, I would have expected the bus staff to have seen that when setting up the table.Many thanks to Chef Wolfgang Puck and his staff!EDIT:  Y'know, folks... we has such a good time, and good food, and good service that deducting a star for a soiled napkin seems rediculous -- even to me, who can be a highly over critical reviewer at times.  I changed the stars to FIVE.  I can't get this place off of my mind... which is one of the criteria I have for giving "Woo hoo's".
4	Dined late on a Tuesday night.  Postrio was everything I would expect from a Puck restaurant.  The food was very good....not amazing.  The service was very friendly but extremely slow.  I would return to try more dishes as long as I could walk in without a reservation.Overall we had a nice long dinner and we all enjoyed the food.
4	We came to Postrio for lunch and sat outside to enjoy the Carnevale performances in St. Marks Square.  We started with a tomato bisque soup with a sweet corn fritter - out of this world!  The items we selected for lunch were a simpler turkey sandwich and scrambled egg pizza.  The pizza dough has a very slight sweetness from honey and the roasted turkey sandwich was on house made bread and came with some unique potato chips.   We will definitely be back.  Maybe for dinner next time to really experience more things like that soup!
3	it's been a while since I've had something that should be considered "higher end".  For a saturday night, the service was extremely fast and the waitstaff friendly.  While the food itself was not of the "blow your mind" variety, it definitely is a step up from your average chain restaurant.  I had the wine infused oxtail with herb papperdelle noodles, asparagus, and wild mushrooms.  Also present at dinner were a mushroom broccolini pizza and a Burata cheese ravioli.The oxtail dish was good - hearty but not overly so and the wine sauce paired decently with the herbed pasta and the mushrooms. There was something missing to the dish though - each component by itself was tasty, but the dish in toto was only good, not outstanding.  Overall not so disappointing as to offend, but not so spectacular as to prevent some slight regrets for not ordering the ciopinno instead.  The pizza stood much better as a whole experience, though the dough reminded me too much of pita and also too much of how delicious the crust at pizza delfina is in comparison. The burrata (burata?  am I even remembering what the name of this cheese is?) ravioli was the crown jewel of the meal, IMO, mainly because of the cheese itself.  Smooth and buttery without holding too much liquid or falling apart, this cheese may be my new favorite, even compared to the uncomparable bufalo (if not simply because I love saying Bufalo :D).    There was a strong garlic flavor to the accompanying red sauce.  Both the ravioli and the papperdelle were rather al dente, perhaps overly so for freshly made pasta, but still tasty enough for me to finish.I would come back for lunch if staying at the palazzo or ventian in the future.
5	Be patient while your food is cooking and you shall know what I mean.  The food is just awesome and not overly-priced. We went there on a Sunday, about 1pm and sat outside so we get to enjoy the free shows at the plaza... ahhhh "Venice, Italy" atmosphere.  I don't exactly remember what my friends ordered but we all shared our food and i must say, the "baked apple pancake" is a must.  Mango Peach smoothie was so yummy too! Staff is so friendly, too. =)
5	My twin sister and I headed to Vegas for the weekend to celebrate our birthday.  Knowing we had limited time in the city, we did our best to plan for a dinner near our hotel (the Tropicana) and near where our show was (Planet Hollywood).  However, after much searching, we couldn't find anything that in that south part of the strip we'd risk that much money on a dinner for.It was Saturday night over a hot and busy Vegas weekend, and it was getting pretty late before we had to decide on something.  So, we pulled out our smartphones -- one of us on OpenTable and the other on Yelp.  We agreed on Postrio and drove over.We could not have been happier.  We were promptly seated in their "outdoor patio" area, and our waiter was quick with everything.  We had ordered the calamari, the herb pappardelle, and the prime rib eye.  Atypically, we skipped on any alcohol, but since we were already drinking for free the whole day out playing in the casinos, we thought we'd save some money on the alcohol (we also had a couple of bottles waiting for us in the hotel).The pasta was just what I needed -- creamy and thick, yet delicate in flavor, and everything was fresh.  But, next time, I'm ordering the prime rib eye, because that cut of meat was probably the best I've tried in a long time.  Came with potatoes and veggies.  All of the serving sizes were substantial, we came out full.Now, I recommend doing your research on a place you plan to go to, before you go, because if you don't know what something is on a menu when you get here, and you don't have the balls to ask, then you shouldn't be disappointed when you order it, you get it, and you're not happy with it.  That said, I knew that Wolfgang Puck had a great reputation, his restaurants don't typically find me anything but satisfied, and the reviews on Yelp seemed promising.  I didn't want to order anything I didn't think I knew, so we went with pasta and steak and were extremely satisfied.Easily used my $20 OpenTable gift certificate, and the restaurant also did a beautiful complimentary birthday tiramisu.  Thanks, Postrio.  We'll be baaaaack!
5	While strolling at the Venetian, i happen to see this lovely bistro. It says Postrio by Wolfgang Puck. That name is always associated with good food so i decided to eat there. The hostess greeted me and promptly offered me a seat. The server quickly arrived to take my drink order while handing me the menu. I wasn't very hungry so i opted for the thin crust pizza with italian sausage and mushrooms. I asked my server if i could have burrata cheese which is my favorite and he said he will inform the chef. I like it when i can kinda personalize my meal according to my liking. Food came in about 15 minutes, i didn't even see it coming because i was enjoying the cloud like view of the hotel. Also, from my seat, i can see the performers doing their act. It was such a pleasant day to enjoy a good meal. The food is sumptuos and full of flavor. Every bite is just so heavenly. I never get to finish my meal, but if i didn't grab a light breakfast earlier, i definitely would gulp everything even the crust which i don't usually eat. I'm definitely coming back!
4	We stopped here for lunch today and really liked it. We were seated on the "patio" area which was fun for people watching. The service was excellent, as was the food.  Highly recommend the sausage pizza.
4	The food was very good, especially the dessert recommended by several users. We were also able to easily get a reservation on Open Table, and they got us in and out quickly when we told them we were going to a show. Beware that if you are a vegetarian your options are more limited than some Italian restaurants.
2	Two stars because though the food wasn't terrible, neither was it amazing. And with the price and the name brand, well, it ought to be a cut above. It wasn't. Calamari was done well with a sweet dipping sauce. However, the hard-as-a-rock butter that accompanied the bread was unusable, and the ravioli was below average. Undercooked, under filled, and with a too-salty sauce. I've had significantly better and cheaper experiences and ravioli at the Bravo Italian chain. To sum it up: underwhelming.
4	Sausage pizza is good. Chose it based on a suggestion.  Took a bit to get the initial service, but it went quick and well after.
2	Enjoyable "patio" setting in the fake St. Mark's Square with reasonable prices but abysmal service and mediocre food. To their credit, the manager apologized profusely for the service and discounted the bill.
5	Love this Place. :-)
3	We went to Postrio yesterday for a light lunch upon our arrival at The Venetian.  Cool setting but the hostess and wait staff were a little bit on the snooty side.  The waiter was visibly annoyed when my wife asked for bread with her salad.  We didn't load up with lots of wonderful different dishes, nor did we come at dinner time. My wife had the caesar salad with chicken, and I had the pizza with baby squash, roasted chicken and smoked mozzarella.  I regretted not getting the pizza with the fennel sausage but my pizza was fine, as was my wife's salad.  The chicken was good, but there really wasn't anything exceptional about our meal.  Maybe it was what we ordered.  I don't know.  But still, it was fine, if a bit pricey for what we got.
2	Thoroughly unimpressed.
4	Stopped in here for lunch the other day in between work meetings at the Venetian. I stopped here because it has a nice open bar area and I can people watch. I assumed the food would be good since it is associated with a celebrity chef. I was not disappointed at all. The people watching was fantastic (chick in camo pants that had attached fluffy white feathers at the bottom of the pantleg) and the hamburger was supreme. I ordered the hamburger that is served with a red onion marmalade - I could eat that marmalade every day it is so good. The rest of the menu looked very interesting so I would definitely go back for more.
5	Incredible meal. Amazing cheese selection, phenomenal beers, great service!
4	This place is very spacious and nice looking place. Location is good and is attractive set up. They loose a star because the chair on the outside are so incredibly uncomfortable i left with my back hurting :( so sit on the inside or bar. The food was very tasty, one of the better spaghetti and meatballs iv had in a while. Also tasted there pizza. which was so super delicious! It is a must get. Prices are average cant complain. Would return.
4	We had lunch here with a party of 6 total. We were staying in the hotel and didn't want to venture far for our first meal of the day. We waited about 15 minutes to get a table which is about average for a party of this size. Once seated we did have to wait another while before having water served. It seemed as though they were short staffed or just weren't prepared to have this many people at the restaurant on a Monday (12/31/12). We expected to have someone filling our glasses before going empty, but that is not what occurred. Our waters were filled, drink and food orders were taken, then we waited for what seemed like a longer while before our food was served. There were a few salads and soups ordered which were served prior to the main courses. The Butternut Squash soup was amazing! Salads were fresh and the anchovies were also fresh. The other dishes came out and looked appetizing. Pizza's were ordered and shared among the table. The Fennel Sausage pizza was a bit on the bland side and not what was expected as far as taste goes. It pretty much was a Pepperoni Pizza with a fancy name. The Mushroom Pizza on the other hand was delicious. The Goat cheese really added flavor to it and complimented the mushrooms. I'd give this restaurant another try if I were in the hotel again. Overall great food, not so great service for a restaurant of this category.
5	My wife and I make this restaurant one of our regular stops when we get to Vegas.  Service and food are always good.  We shared the Rigatoni and Spicy Pepperoni Pizza with some added chili pepper flakes to give it a little more zest.  This paired perfectly with the bottle of Chianti we had. Superb dinner.  Service was excellent too!
5	Our favorite restaurant in the Venetian/Palazzo.  Attentive service and top notch food.  You can be seated outdoors (actually it's indoors in the Vegas version of St. Mark's Square,  minus the Italian pigeons), and  great Renaissance entertainment while you dine.  We had the Pink Lady apple salad, a favorite.  Sea bass well prepared.  We took our daughter for the first time, and she was impressed.  Make reservations if possible, and sit in the outdoor patio area.  Nightly shows throughout dinner are a big bonus.  Leave room for the dessert platter of cookies.
3	It could be so much better. No longer do they serve schnitzel. Good tuna tartare and beet salad. Had a family event and basically no one was impressed. The service was POOR. Pizza soooo disappointing (Wolfgang you need to address this). I heard the bread was good but they must have forgotten to bring it out until one hour into the meal. There are many other better places in Vegas.
4	I'd been here a few times.  I love where it's located in the Madison Square.  I love eating and people watching.  The food is always great and the service is always topnotch.We had the Sausage Pizza and the homemade spaghetti. It was one of the best I have ever had.
3	Went to Vegas and stayed at Palazzo... I was searching for a good restaurant and noticed this was a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, so we decided to go here, we knew we wouldn't be disappointed. I ordered the calamari (it was an appetizer, I chose to eat it as my main meal), it was ok... not much flavor, but there were peppers all over the place, which gave it some sort of taste. I've definitely had better calamari elsewhere.. wouldn't recommend it. For dessert... I ordered the chocolate beignet's... loved them- a taste of heaven! Rich, moist, and fresh, and the ice cream they served with it made it even better! So I would definitely recommend that for you chocolate lovers out there! The ambiance was nice... and we were seated outside (not really outside but  they considered it patio seating) so we got to enjoy the entertainment that was going on... which was probably the best part about dinner!
4	The food and wine was very tasty and they have a nice selection. Great or casual dining, happy hour at the bar and a great place to people watch.  Lots of singing and entertainment around the square to make it interesting. The staff was attentive but not very friendly. (Mine anyway) It's a very touristy spot so I'm sure they just try to get you in and out as fast as they can.  Fun, good place for eats.
3	Very casual restaurant. I had the scallops and they were okay. Not the best, but not the worst. Service was decent and everything ordered here was decent. Being a restaurant in Las Vegas though, I think needs to be more then decent to have returning customers IMO. On to the next restaurant.
1	I had been meaning to check out the burger at Postrio, and I was already at The Venetian checking out the eternal twilight of Saint Mark's Square. This Wolfgang Puck establishment delivered the culinary equivalent of "bad touch" from mom's new boyfriend. I should have known that everything was going to go terribly wrong from the painful interaction with the server..Me: What are the cuts of beef in the burger?She: Angus.Me: That is a type of cow. I am more interested in the parts of the cow that the meat comes from so that I can order my burger cooked to a temperature that is most appropriate. Can you please go check?She: *huff*Me: Am not trying to be a pain; I am trying to order the burger correctly so that I can properly review it.I assumed that she was new or fussy or just plain bad at her job. I failed to take this as an omen. The other clue was that the restaurant was all but empty in the middle of the bustling St. Mark's Square. Postrio was Italian slang for "crappy food and service."   The beef was flavorful and beefy. Sadly, it was over-cooked and rubbery. The burger patty had the shape and texture of a fist. Beyond that, the burger was peppered with connective tissue. The burger's exterior tasted like an oniony salt. It was as if it had been dusted with cheap onion soup mix.The bun was stale and dry...really dry and stale. The bun was burned to the point of tasting like carbon. The bottom of the bun had black grill marks, which imparted a nasty bitterness directly to the tongue.The kitchen at Postrio phoned it in and subsequently dropped the ball. After I sent my meal back, there was no offer for a refire or a make-good of any sort. Apparently, that was their best effort.The manager, Luckas, agreed that the bun was burned and stale and that the burger was rubbery. I sent my plate back after a scant 3 bites.My son got through a third of his before he gave up due to the strong flavor of char. I was granted the "friends and family discount." Postrio only charged me $37 for that shameful mess. Jerks!Front and back of house were a well-oiled machine designed to lighten wallets and deliver awful food. Postrio earned the title of worst burger in Las Vegas. On the day that I visited, the quality of the burger and service was excremental, and that was being generous.After a bit of back and forth over email, Postrio did refund the cost of the meal.
3	Great location and view within St. Mark's Square in the Shoppes at the Venetian, and I love that it has cozier, elegant "inside" dining as well as faux al fresco patio dining.  We were given an "outside" table, next to the bar.  The menu looked good, and we had a large party so we ordered lots to sample.  I started with the Asparagus soup with Maine crab and black pepper creme fraiche.  It was excellent.   The chicken spring rolls were quite good - crispy, sweet and complex.  Unfortunately, it was all downhill from there.  I went pretty basic for my meal - spaghetti and meatballs.  I felt this dish was uninspired and pedestrian.  The meatballs were undersized and had a very soft texture which did not sit well with me.  The pizzas were better than average, but we more than once looked longingly across the square at Ottos which specializes in pizza.  The rigatoni with fennel sausage bolognese was a step above the other main dishes.  One last note - the wine was decent.  The waiter recommended a bottle of syrah that was a fairly impressive syrah, and very modestly priced.  Overall, I was expecting more from this restaurant.
5	Beautiful St Mark's Square is located inside the sumptuous Venetian hotel.  It is designed to simulate an outdoor venue and with its high domed ceiling, faux sky, and special-effects lighting, it succeeds very well.  On the perimeter are shops and restaurants, the latter with "alfresco" patios, including the Postrio Bar & Grill, which augments the open-air feeling. My wife and I stopped in the Postrio Bar & Grill with a friend before our 7:00 p.m. theater show in the hotel.  We wanted a drink and something light to eat, so we sat at the bar and had small plates of the house-made meatballs with tomato sauce and grilled beef skewers with steak sauce.  The food was delicious and the perfect amount.  The drinks were well made, the service friendly and professional, and the cost reasonable.  In addition, we had a good view of the entertaining and professional Carnivale show performed in the square. The Postrio Bar & Grill is highly recommended for its food, service, and ambiance as well as its location.
1	Short Review: Best calamari, worst service.  Long review: We ordered the calamari and a margarita pizza with goat cheese.  The calamari was wonderful, and then we waited a really long for our pizza to come out.  It finally did and it was burnt.  There were maybe a few tiny crumbles of goat cheese which most likely amounted to less than an ounce of cheese.  They charged us $1.00 for the sprinkle of cheese they gave us; it was not that big of a deal, but I would have liked enough of it to taste it on the pizza.  The fact that it was burnt didn't help.  No one checked on us until we were done eating. It's not as if they were really busy.  They were slow (only us and another couple were dining) and there were about 5 waiters standing around talking to each other.  For the Venetian, and a Wolfgang Puck establishment, I would expect better service.  I was highly disappointed.  Being in the service industry for over six years, I have sympathies for servers and often give them the benefit of the doubt.  But this was horrible.
5	My husband & I had our wedding reception here and it was just PERFECT! Everyone & everything from the food, kitchen staff, front of the house, wait staff & manager Randy were all superb!! They were all professional and assured all of our guests were taken care of. I highly recommend this restaurant & the private rooms if you want an intimate party or wedding. I come to Vegas a few times a year and I can't wait to go back and just dine here!!!
4	Wasn't expecting much but really enjoyed my lightly breaded and perfectly fried shrimp and calamari. The short ribs were good, too. Terrific service. An oasis in a sea of tacky.
4	Went here on a whim, looking for something good and relatively quick to eat. We'd already been to Otto, and the other Italian restaurant in the Square looked overpriced and outdated. Contrary to other reviewers, I actually ended up with great service. The server was attentive, all I had to do was look at her and she came over. Drinks were never left empty, and silverware was replaced between courses. They even brought each dish out split onto two plates without us having to ask.The crab cakes were light and fresh, and the creative mix of greens went well with them. The mushroom and leak pizza was good, a little on the salty/oily side but not overdone on the cheese, with a crispy yet light crust. The spring pea angolotti with pea shoots and maitake mushrooms was the highlight, the fresh peas were smoothly textured, the mushrooms added great flavor, great early summer meal. The only downside that really stood out to me is the general atmosphere of the faux Italian piazza, but that affects all the restaurants in the area. The Venetian should really invest in improving the acoustics, it gets really loud and hard to hear the person across from you.
3	Great location inside the Canal Shoppes but a little on the pricey side.  I got a salad with a side of chicken (though they do give a lot of chicken on the side) that was good but I'm not sure I would have gotten that had I paid for myself.  The mint/ginger lemonade was disappointing.  Also, if the opera singers in the square are at it, very difficult to hear if you're seated "outside."
2	If you're looking for a quiet place to have dinner and to hold a conversation with your dinner partner, do not go here.Like any restaurant in Vegas, probably best to make reservations to avoid a wait. However, there is first come first serve seating at the bar with full menu for those of you that have to eat and run.Ordered the chilled shrimp cocktail to start. The shrimp is still it's in its shell and won't be served in a glass. The shrimp were actually quite delicious and very meaty. The cocktail sauce was decent. Was it the best shrimp cocktail I've ever had? No. Was it better than the average shrimp cocktail. Yes. If you do decide to go to Postrio despite my review you can be assured the shrimp cocktail is not the reason why I gave Postrio two stars.My main entree was the capellini pasta with grilled shrimp, calamari and spicy tomato sauce. You may notice that the menu actually includes mussels as well, but there were no mussels present in my serving. Also the capellini seemed overcooked and mushy. This was a huge disappointment. I can expect sub par pasta from a restaurant that doesn't specialize in Italian cuisine, but considering this is an Italian restaurant and a Wolfgang Puck restaurant no less, I was extremely disappointed.Undoubtedly you can find a better Italian restaurant on the strip otherwise you're up for a huge disappointment at Postrio.
3	Postrio should get the award for the messiest burger on the Strip. Good, but messy! As you can tell, I ordered the burger (Grilled Black Angus Burger, Vermont Cheddar Cheese, Onion Marmalade, Fries) for lunch. It was quite good, well-cooked to medium, and messy as all heck thanks to the onion marmalade. I was just happy I wasn't on a first date trying to eat the thing! Dripping onion marmalade everywhere - all over the plate, down my fingers and hand, you get the idea.The fries were yummy, too.
4	We had a large party of 13 for a bachelorette party and they were so accommodating! The staff and service was outstanding and impressive. I loved that the restaurant was located in the Venetian by the canal shoppes. It has the open airy feeling of dining outside in Europe! The food was good, and I'm glad the portions were medium sized! My favorite appetizer is the tuna tartare, totally melts in your mouth and the flat bread pizzas. The fried risotto balls and chicken skewers lacked flavor and were least popular. I think that needs to get off the menu! I was adventurous and ordered one of the specials of the day, which was the peking duck. Delicious & creative! Despite our large group, the food came out on queue and we all had a wonderful time!
5	Wolfgang Puck can do no wrong. My boyfriend and I ate here for lunch one day and pretty much had the best meals of our lives. We ordered a $25 pitcher of the red wine sangria, which was more than enough, but of course we finished it all! I had a veggie pizza with toppings like goat cheese, butternut squash, zucchini, eggplant, tomatoes, and squash blossoms. My boyfriend had the lobster club sandwich. The whole meal at Postrio basically consisted of eating and saying "Oh. My. God." in between bites/drinks. You will have a foodgasm for sure.
2	I've been eating here for years. Every time I go to Vegas I eat here. Last night my dinner was very disappointing. The cheese ravioli was soooo salty. My friend's salmon was above average, but not up to par with Wolfgang Puck's name. I bragged about how great the place was, but was not a good dining experience. The water was not cold. And the wait staff was blah. The mgr comped my meal, but I would much rather preferred to have great food and pay for it.  The mgr was deadpan like the wait staff.
2	Short ribs 80 percent fat. Salmon under cooked. Vegetables with the salmon were greasier then the fries. Caesar salad had too much dressing. A heavy hand in general. Drinks took too long to come. Not what I would have expected from a Wolfgang Puck. They did remove the salmon from the bill and give a free plate of cookies that tastes good.
3	Friday night, got a table immediately at 7pm....Imported beer (Belgian $14 )opted for 2 apps and a pizza -Short ribs were okay. Little on the fatty side.Calamari - to die for. Lightly breaded with light colored flour and VERY tender. I live in FL and have had eaten many calamari dishes and these were far and away THE BEST we have ever eaten.Pizza - okay, nothing special.Service was superb....
5	This is a terrific place to eat. The lobster club is excellent, as is the many kinds of sausage platter and the gnocchi is yummy. The people-watching on the terrace is always fun, and the service is always skilled and professional. We always stop in here when in Vegas and we are always glad we made the point to come (we don't stay at the Venetian because the "suites" aren't real suites.)  But I wish Postrio would put the lasagna back on the menu. It was the lasagna of your dreams, unlike any you have ever eaten in your life, and I will never ever stop wishing that they would return it to the menu.
3	When you're sitting in the middle of St. Marks Square enjoying a delicious plate of pasta and glass of wine while being serenaded by a string ensemble, it's hard to believe your not in Italy, but instead in Las Vegas. Postrio Bar & Grill located in the Venetian Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip does just that. The ambiance, the food, the scenery, it's all great. While I highly recommend a stroll through the Venetian if you're ever on the strip, save Postrio for a special occasion. Their ever changing menu always includes delicious fresh pasta specials and great entrees packed with Wolfgang Puck's signature flavors. The food and atmosphere make any occasion special, and great company doesn't hurt either So cheers to great food, great friends and as always great travels!
4	Excellent service and fantastic good. Try the Crisp Pork Schnitzel...incredible!!!  Lots of options in the Venetian/Palazzo, don't underestimate Postrio.  It's good stuff!
4	Fantastic location (St Marks Sq), excellent service and great food. The roast beef panini was great. When my panini arrived I thought I might not be able to eat the whole thing because the portion size was huge. But it was so tasty that ate it all and all of the frys. I had a couple of glasses of red wine and an ice tea to wash it down. Great place to grab a bite. You are eating at a celebrity chef's restaurant in prime real estate inside venetiaian so expect to pay a premium.
2	The 4 cheese ravioli was great but the service was awful. The menu items were pretty pricey as well.
5	Try the chicken Spring roles. Yum!!!I absolutely love the pizza here. They are Wolfgang Puck's signature style; thin and very tasty. The restaurant is located in Caesers palace shopps and has a nice patio seating. You get to people watch and also enjoy a great meal. My favorite thing about it is that the prices is very reasonable for a Vegas restaurant and the quality of the food is perfecto!I have never gone at a time that is very busy (or maybe it just never gets busy) but it won't hurt to make reservations just in case
5	In Vegas for 4 days, ate here twice. Service was a little slow but for the food, it was definitely worth the wait. Also, it was a nice location to people watch and be watched if that's something you're interested in.Pizza is a must try. Good balance of ingredients and the crust was amazing when it was hot. I love bacon so I had to add it on and ohhhgoodness it was good bacon.According to my mother, the burger is a must try. It's actually what led us to try Postrio. We saw a picture of it on one of their ads and she had to have it. I mean, she figured if Wolfgang Puck's canned soup was good, his restaurant had to be worth trying! It definitely was.Last thing, their fries. Order them. Skinny and crunchy but one of the few places that aren't oily! We didn't wipe our hands off once because there was no oil on our fingers and we didn't want to stop eating the fries!Unfortunately we didn't try their dessert but from the looks of the ones we saw around us, it doesn't look like you could go wrong.
2	Expensive, Noisy, Confused Wait StaffVery noisy, making it impossible to have a conversation with your dining partner. About 10 inches away from next table. Expensive for this type of atmosphere - $180 for two, no appetizers, two glasses of wine. Two waiters approached at least three times to explain specials, take drink orders, etc. Even after we told them that someone else had already been over - felt like they were battling over our table. The only reason I didn't give it one star is that the food was actually pretty good. Won't go back.
5	Do yourself a favor and go here.  Do yourself an even bigger favor and show up around happy hour. Now, really put the butter on your bun and opt to sit at the bar vs. a table. The bartenders here give stellar service, and they mean business when it comes to your cocktail.  My favorite is Joe. He actually seems to prefer to make a sophisticated  drink, complete with all of the extra touches, than to just pour you a glass of wine.  And, he is vault of interesting bar and beverage tidbits that, when repeated by you to others of his ilk, will more than likely score you a tip of the hat and a free drink.
3	Food was solid and ambiance was nice. We sat "outside" for lunch and my mom ordered from the brunch menu, while I ordered the lobster club and a glass of champagne. It's a fun place to eat while you're shopping in the Venetian; service was good too.
5	My mom and I actually had dinner plans with a big group of family at another restaurant, but we were tired and hungry from shopping so we stopped in for drinks and appetizers. Her pear martini was unbelievable: so fresh, not too sweet, and garnished with a slice of pear on top. I had a Moscow mule, which was tasty but nothing special. However, the real star was the appetizer. We went with the cheese board, and it was incredible (and $20): three kinds of cheese, apples, walnut toast, a few jams and some honey. The pizza also looked great, and the fries with garlic aioli. I wish we could have gone back for a full meal. However, be careful because the prices add up: our two drinks plus a cheese board was almost $50 total. A splurge, but worth it!
1	Way overpriced for what you get. The menu is so mediocre as is the service and the portions are ridiculous! I know this is prime real estate but the empty restaurant should have been a warning sign. $30 will get you a teeny piece of FARMED raised salmon. The waiter was arrogant and we will not be in a hurry to return to this place!
1	Horrible experience!! Service is slow and food is not properly cooked. I order fetuccini pasta with steak and they overcooked the meat and brought it cold. This restaurant does not provide fine dining, I do not recommend this restsurant to anyone.
4	I've been here three times now and I will keep coming back when I come to Vegas. The pasta is really good here and chocolate benign is a must try every time. I like how they make simple food and really execute on it. the wait staff have always been really nice as well. the only thing is the price has really gone up from my recent trip, $24 for spaghetti and meatball. seriously?
4	Just went to one of my favorite places in Vegas this past weekend.  I was disappointed that they changed their menu a bit.  Not as much pasta dishes as before, and the pizza choices were not as good too.  I had to lower my rating from 5 star to 4 star because of this.  They were also out of a couple of wines on the wine list which was disappointing.
4	Vibe- Open air bar. Dark claustrophobic internal dinning areaPrice- Moderately expensiveService- GoodBathroom-Not goodFood- the spaghetti and meatballs ($24) are excellent. Homemade pasta that is right on and six small and tasty meatballs. This dish is way overpriced. But it is delicious. Have someone else pay! pizza with lamb is only for those that enjoy very spicy food. Fettuccine with mushrooms was surprisingly disappointing. The noodles were too thin and served with too much sauce which caused the noodles to clump together. The noodles looked muh better the day  before when I saw another diner eating them as I walked buy. Maybe the noodle quality is paralleled with who is making them.Table Bread- Very dry black olive bread and plain Italian bread slices. Need lots of butter to be able to ingest.WIGB? Yes
4	My friend and I came here for a little snack to tide us over until a late-night dinner reservation. We were pleasantly surprised at how reasonably-priced the bar menu was and had the meatballs and the fries with garlic aioli along with two glasses of wine each -- we got out for under $50 which was perfect for a happy hour. The food wasn't anything to write home about but it was delicious nonetheless and the service was attentive but not overbearing. Great people watching spot and perfect little bar menu for some snacks. I'll remember this spot for next time!
1	We've been here many times; this time was different. We love the lobster club but unfortunately between the five of us we didn't care for the clubs or the sauces for the crispy calamari. The lobster was chewy, service sucked, and we were really disappointed after much anticipation.
1	Don't come here.  The service was terrible.  It took 15 minutes just to get water and the portions are non existent.....
4	Of course the wide open restaurant in the middle of St. Marks Square is a must go! We were pleasantly pleased with the down to earth menu. I ordered the hamburger and wow! Yum! The seasoning was spot on, fresh tasting & huge! The bun was over the top no way was I eating this with my hands - fork & knife all the way! The service was good. A large bridal party was behind us and they were having the time of their lives! The vibe is FUN FUN.
4	Great broccoli soup! Grilled salmon over greens! Excellent service. The Restarant is inside the hotel but right off the Venetian canal giving sense of exterior European dining.
1	The food takes forever to come. We have been waiting over 45 minutes for 2 burgers. Unbelievable
5	gnocchi...try it and thank me later
1	By far, the worst service I have experienced ever. Upon first arriving, we were seated at the very far corner of the outdoor seating. Of our table setting, we had one filthy plate and one cracked glass that the wait staff failed to notice. When we ordered, our waiter (who "conveniently" failed to give us his name) kept us waiting much longer than the other guests. When we asked, he explained that the restaurant was packed inside (no, it wasn't) and that exact words: "well-done burger doesn't help". Because we ordered our burger charred?Before we ever saw our food, we asked for the manager to address our concerns. He finally came out right when the food did, which by the way came out all at different times, and his timing couldn't have been better. Our food was finally there. The gnocchi - cold. The pizza - cold. Our burgers - overdone.The manager didn't even do anything! When we talked to him, he had NOTHING to say. We ate the cold, unsatisfying meal and when we wanted to leave, the manager was kind enough to order desserts for us, which we also waited for. By then, our count was almost an hour of waiting.Despite talking to the manager, the service still didn't improve. Not once were we asked if we needed something else or if the food was good. Simply put, I will not be returning.
2	Disappointing Service!Food was just Ok.The Wolfe needs to take his name off this one.
5	This review is based solely on their cocktails and small plate menu. I've been here three times now and sat twice at the bar and once in the dining room. The number one reason that I come back is for the Pear Martini. It is not like any other pear martini I've tried because it is made with fresh pear puree instead of a syrup. I HIGHLY reccomend this drink to anyone and everyone! We have also tried the Charcuterie plate, meatballs, house made popcorn, spicy pepperoni pizza, and the calamari. Our favorite is the meatballs which are served with a crispy baguette to dip in the sauce. If nothing else, we come here to enjoy the cocktails and people watch at The Palazzo.
5	Ate here on a friend's recommendation, so good. The Braised Oxtail and some kind of ricotta pasta I had was amazing. My friend had a a Rabbit and noodle dish that was really tasty too. The server was really nice. We ordered a Garlic Soup with Lobster and he had the kitchen split it for us. The server, I forgot his name, didn't treat us like tourist and once he found out we were locals he bought us dessert. I plan to go back with my husband for a special occasion.
5	Our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.We've enjoyed this restaurant a couple of times per month for the last couple of years, and several times before that.  It's really like two different restaurants, the "outdoor" more casual portion in Saint Mark's Square, great for people watching and enjoying the entertainment on the nearby stage, and the more upscale and romantic "inside" portion.  Every meal has been delicious, and the service has always been prompt and courteous, even the bussers.  Their filet mignon is perfect, and their pastas are outstanding, especially their spicy Bolognese sauce.  Also, their cocktails are the best we've found anywhere in town, their deserts are always delicious and interesting, and even their bread basket rocks.  We also like that we can visit this strip restaurant without having to walk through a smoky casino.  They have a new head chef, who has been introducing interesting specials, like rabbit and game meats.  We can usually find something disappointing everywhere, but we've never been disappointed by anything at Postrio.  We've enjoyed all Wolfgang Puck restaurants that we've tried, but this is by far our favorite.
5	Unbelievably awesome dining experience...looking for breakfast on a Saturday at noon...almost waited in line at one of the "Denny-ish" type hotel restaurants...walked to the shopping area of Venetian and found this Wolfgang Puck establishment...realized they had Brunch...and it is GREAT....great menu, great food, and the best service from the multitude of highly competent servers...including Trevor and Omar ask for them
5	Puck again hits a home run!  We have gone to several of his restaurants and have not been disappointed yet. We had brunch-the omelet was delicious as were the pancakes. Trevor was attentive and took great care of us. Omar kept the coffee flowing and this is important in Vegas in the morning!  Great views as it is close to the gondolas with faux sky and buildings. Very relaxing setting. We will be back!
4	There's a reason this guy became so successful. Our dinner at Postrio was an almost flawless experience and unfortunately the first "touch point" was the single negative. The young maitre 'd was sullen and humorless (I assume she was the obligatory aspiring actress/model/weather girl) and felt that a smile was simply too much for her soon=to-be-famous face. Once our brush with imminenet celebrity was done the rest of the dinner was outstanding. Our waitress, and indeed everyone who hovered around, delivered to  or checked on our table was warm and friendly and totally professional. The experience of dining under the faux stars of the Venetian Piazza was wonderful and greatly enhanced by the string quartet playing to our right. But the highlight of the evening was of course the food. As I have said before I am not a foodie, but both our meals were remarkably good. I had the mushroom risotto and my girlfriend had the schnitzel and both fell squarely into the category of best meal I've ever eaten. Risotto can get a bit monotonous but this meal so so wonderfully prepared each mouthful was an intriguing blend of interesting spices. The schnitzel itself was a tad bland until you applied the sauce which complemented the meat so perfectly that it was transformed into an entirely different dish.If you are heading to Vegas and are thinking about a casual romantic dinner at a great restaurant (for a surprisingly reasonable cost I might add) it would be hard to do better than Postrio
4	I give this place 3.5 stars! .,.. the name was so confusing bc it had wolfgang puck in it buuuuut yelp notified me a couple days later i got it wrong ):My friend and i were starving and trying to soak up fat tuesday alcohol with some food and we decided on this place ! We originally wanted to go to the restaurant next door/across the walkway, but the waitresses/hostesses were super snobby and rude there, so we came here instead, where the employees were incredibly nice to us. We had seen their happy hour everyday all day and was very curious in their small medium and large plates. Their prices even NOT on happy hour were very reasonable, especially for overpriced Vegas food and meals. We were seated at the bar for happy hour specials and were handed some complimentary popcorn from the bartender working there. After contemplating on the menu, we decided on:-wild mushroom pizza ($16): loaded with lots of mushrooms, but it was alright. for a restaurant that also had a pizzeria, i thought it would be fantastic! but the crust was kind of hard and the overall pizza was kinda cold.... -homemade meatballs ($6): comes in 3 meatballs the size of half a fist, maybe smaller and a slice of bread. The meat was soft when you bit into it. You cant really taste too much of the beef(?) but the sauce was delicious-garlic aoli french fries ($7): MMM this was the highlight of our meal. If you like soft or like yard house fries, you will definitely like this! They give you mustard and ketchup but you can really just eat it with no condiments. I would have given them a 3 stars, but the service was superb! The bartender checked up on us frequently and entertained us with questions and experiences about his trip to Europe. And when we packed the stuff to go, he gave us a cute little box for the pizza and an extra container of ketchup. Overall, i think this is a cute restaurant to go to for cheap food in Vegas! For under $30, you can feed two people for dinner! But then again, we had fat tuesday alcohol in our stomach and we're petite LOL
4	Had dinner with 5 coworkers last night.  Ricardo was our waiter and he was fantastic!  He knew the menu, made great recommendations and too fabulous care of us without hovering!  If only all waiters were as friendly and knowledgeable!!!
4	Their menu was divided into Small plate, Medium plates, Large plates... Starter: I loved their bread with onions on it! It went perfectly with the fluffy butter spread (almost like whipped cream). It would have been better if it just came out of the oven or was heated... but still delicious nonetheless. We had the tuna small plate - which was kinda like sashimi with wasabi, tomatoes, olive oil and a splash of citrus condiment on it. Very smooth cut of tuna... but it was definitely no O-toro. I would have guessed it was Akami toro by the deep pinkish color of the cut. Very lean. Hardly any fats at all. I didn't care for the citrus taste. I thought it mashed weirdly with the olive oil and wasabi... but that's the risk with fusion, isn't it? Portion was also very small. 6 slices for $21. The next dish we had was the seafood linguine - Medium plate. It was a huge portion! Highly recommend by the server and he did not disappoint! It was delicious. Al dente pasta! Perfecto! Very generous helping of prawns and squid too. Would come back for this dish again!I love their signature beignets... but unfortunately was too carbo loaded to eat another bite! Our server was very attentive and enthusiastic... granted there weren't many tables at 5pm but still kudos to great service :)
5	So yummy!!Went there on Memorial Day on my lunch break with a co-worker. Sat at the bar and order bar bites. O. M. G. Outstanding. The grilled cheese with gazpacho was killer. The sliders were extremely small but had the flavor of a full size entree. They seem to have a good drink happy hour but I was on break so.....Will definitely go back. Service was fantastic!
5	On the last day of our MDW Vegas trip, our group wanted to grab brunch together before we all left. We were lazy to leave the Venetian we were staying at so we decided to walk around the shops and find something to our liking... Obviously we chose Postrio! Their menu was divided into brunch, small plate, medium plate, and large plate options. I think everyone in our party chose something from the brunch section! Our waiter gave us fantastic service, I wish I remembered his name! I love that he always served the ladies first and tried to make pleasant conversation with us whenever he came to check up on the table. We also each got a complimentary mimosa with our entrees! Yummy ;DEveryone was happy with their food :) The favorites were the eggs benedicts which you could get with either traditional canadian bacon, smoked salmon, lobster, or vegetarian. Mmm I got the lobster benedict and it was amaaazing with huge chunks of lobster. They definitely did not skimp out on me!Great atmosphere, great company, great food = couldn't be happier!!
2	If there is one thing I despise in a server, it is defensiveness rather than service. I try to avoid carbs, and therefore asked for asparagus instead of potatoes with my halibut...just as my husband did. While my husband received a lovely portion of asparagus, I received three "flecks" and I do mean flecks of asparagus embedded in the creamy corn stuff my fish was on. When I inquired as to the whereabouts of the substituted asparagus, the first words out if the waiters mouth were "I don't control the portions." Next "did you want me to get you some more?" As though I were imposing on him with my question. All in all my halibut was flavorless and the service was disappointing. I expect more from a Wolfgang Puck eatery. Boo.
3	Not bad, but not great. I had the free range chicken, came with kale and a potato puree. The first bite of the chicken I had was delicious! But the more I ate and the closer I got to the bottom, the saltier it got. So I ended up eating about half my dish. Kinda wish I had ordered the salmon instead. However, the location is great. Right on the one side of the square surrounded by shops. They were playing music (live) in the square so that was kind of good entertainment. I would recommend this place, maybe just not the chicken.
5	I have gone hungry to this restaurant twice during happy hour! Both times had great service at the bar! The first time the happy hour small plates are deals but very small portions.  The second time my friend and I shared a burger and fires which was very filling and one of the most delicious ever.  They give you this tasty popcorn at the bar as well. I will treat at this restaurant again!
4	A Wolfgang Puck restaurant  that is another 4 star place. It is very loud if you are sitting outside, but quiet and romantic inside. It is a little pricey but it is also high quality.They quickly sat our large group and took good care of us. The hand-cut linguini with shrimp and calamari was very good, but a little miss labeled. It was labeled mildly spicy,  but it was more then mild. It got my tongue and mouth tingling after just a couple of bites. Even though I do not like spicy foods, I ate every bite because it was so good. My stomach did pay the price a little later though. I was also able to steel a bite of my wife's burger, and I wish I could have stolen more. The burger was fantastic and their pizzas look good too. This was the second fine dinning restaurant by Wolfgang Puck we went to in Vegas and both of them were a fantastic experience!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	My husband and I had lunch here a few Saturdays ago. Restaurant was serving both brunch and lunch. We decided to go with the lunch menu. Options included soups, salads, pizzas, pastas and sandwiches. We started with the gazpacho which was outstanding. Very refreshing, ricotta was an aMazing addition and it was the best thing we tried. My husband had the burger which was also excellent...very fresh, and it came with bacon aioli...who doesn't like that??I had the Sweet Corn agnolloti. It was tasty, but lacked some seasoning. The fresh pasta was excellent and the corn and ricotta was a creative combination. I wouldn't get it again, would go for a different pasta dish. Wine list was good with several reasonably priced wines by the glass (hard to find in Vegas). Overall good meal and very good service...however I preferred the menu options and atmosphere at Spago, Wolfgang Pucks restaurant at Caesars Palace, to Postrio.
5	Amazing birthday dinner for my best friend. Our server Ricardo was the perfect complement - professional, appropriately attentive and personable. Wine, atmosphere, food = amazing. Five stars. Will absolutely return!
4	Last night we went over to the Venetian and chose Postrio for the variety of food. I had a gluten free pasta they made me with a sausage bolgnase sauce. Delish!  At our table we also had two different pizzas and a spaghetti with meatballs.  Everyone loved their dinner and left nothing to take home. The waiters were good and decently attentive. We had wine refills and water, they took away dirty plates without being disruptive, and a nice 'fake' outdoorsy feel to the 'patio'.  They didn't have a specific gluten free menu but were very informed on what I could eat. It's so nice not have salad all the time when out with friends.
3	I've been here twice, on two travels to Sin City. The food was pretty good.  I got the fish once.  This came wrapped in parchment paper.  I felt the lemon was a little overpowering because it was a light tilapia.  This was a long time ago and I thought that it was not up to Wolfgang Puck standards, in my head.This time, I got the pizza.  It was thin and light but I feel I could've gotten that at any other location.  It was a delicious pizza but it was on the same level as places not owned by Wolfgang Puck.All in all, it was ok.
5	Service was above and beyond! Free mimosas for the entire bachelorette party:)Super attentive and nice!
4	This restaurant is in the middle of "San Marcos Square" in the Venetian.  Yes, the square is kinda cool, it looks a little bit like the real thing.  Postrio is nice, the hostess was absolutely a charmer.  Service was great.I had the rib eye salad special, which was nice.  The appetizer was a gazpacho that was advertised to be more like a soup with lots of interesting things in it, such as panzanilla.  It ended up being gazpacho in a large bowl with about 2 tablespoons of things in the middle, including bread crumbs.  Too much tomato, which was rather plain, and not enough of the interesting things in it.
5	By far, the best pizza I have ever had.  We liked it so much that we returned to have a different pizza the next day. The pizza was light, the crust amazing, and absolutely no grease on the underside of the dough, even after it sat for a bit....the BEST pizza ever. Service is amazing.  Order coffee, and watch them refill it before you can even try to finish it. Amazing!
3	Disappointed. Overpriced. We had lunch here in the st. Mark squares in venetian hotel. Atmosphere on patio is exquisite. However, food is so so. Milk shakes was good. Had some kind of grilled sea bass. nothing special. I Guess I Am ComplaininG due to price I paid for it.
4	Good food and great ambience. A bit on the pricey side but otherwise tastes excellent. It's a great place to bring a date with the music playing in the background. For being in vegas and it's location it's not too bad.
3	The food here is always GREAT! This time, my the number of people in my party was 7 for lunch which forced us outside the normal enclosed dining area. Being outside the area, it was more difficult to get the same attention if we were inside the boundaries.I realize the lunch period is always busy but this lunch took over 90 minutes which caused our customer to have to leave as soon as they were done eating.I will eat here again but with a smaller party next time so we can be seated inside their eating area and not near the resort entertainment attraction.
4	Everything is still a blur while my eyes are slowly adjusting to the daylight in the blue skies.  Where am I?  How did I get here?  Why can't I seem to remember much that happened to me before here, but somehow I have a strong feeling I need to be here to fulfill a promise... what? I don't know.My senses... smell, touch, sound, sight... all coming to.  Where is this place?  This place seems so familiar to me, but I know it's not home.  Looks like a place I've seen somewhere in books, in pictures, on the internet at one point in time in my life.  I see lots of people and beautiful shops.  Many look like tourists.  I hear the voice of a tenor serenading... the soothing echoes of a language I can't seem to understand find me through this leisure crowd.  The overwhelmingly pleasant aroma of italian spices is making my stomach sing a very different song.  I need to get something to eat.  As I walk along shops of elegance and charm, I see a canal where boats carry lovers throughout this seemingly romantic place.  Ah yes... these boats... I know these boats.  They are gondolas!  Venice, Italy!  But how did I manage to get all the way here when I'm sure I was in the US last night?!?!  This is starting to scare me.  If I retrace to the last thing I remember, it would be.... Las Vegas.  I was in Las Vegas walking into a club.  Now I'm in Venice.  Everything in between... nothing.I feel something in my pocket.  My phone is going off.  A text from my friend. Sonja: Are you here yet?  I'm hungry!  My break is only 45 mins!Me: You're in Italy too?Sonja: What are you talking about?  I thought we were doing lunch during my break?Me: I don't know but I'm sure I'm in Venice right now because I see gondolas and I hear someone singing in Italian.Sonja: OMG!  Quit messing around and hurry over to St. Mark's Square!  I'm here.Me: I'm serious.Sonja: Are you still drunk? You're not in Venice... You're at the Venetian... where I work... in Las Vegas... you drunkie!!!!!  Me: Oh....... It all makes perfect sense now!  See you in 5 mins.Hangover 4?  Nah.  It'd just be a blank script.  What this hungry dude needs is a good brunch to fill his blank inner canvas with flavor.  In matter of minutes, I found my friend arms crossed, tapping her toes, giving me that "fail" smirk right in the heart of St. Mark's Square... a beautiful open space where different restaurants are set up for outdoor dining indoors (was that an oxymoron?).  She says, "My lunch is short now because of you... let's go Postrio since it's quicker."Service is amazingly friendly and welcoming.  To feed my hangover and empty belly, I order the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict w Crispy Seasoned Potatoes.  It's so good!  Eggs perfect with oozy yolks and the hollandaise has just the right touch to go with the toasted english muffin and savory smoked salmon.  Potatoes are so nice and crispy with a very appetizing seasoning.  I see chicken apple sausage and have to add that to the side.  Get it.  Juicy bites of sweet n savory sausage makes the perfect addition to an all American meal.  I'm stuffed.  In my confused state of existence, I couldn't ask for a better brunch... familiar and American, in an Italian setting, below gorgeous weather, where gondolas float, love birds cuddle, tenors serenade, and hungover people grub.  Ok... person.  I think I was the only one there hungover.  Remember.  You are at the Postrio... Here at St. Mark's Square, Venetian, Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.  Not Italy.
5	The tuna tartare was absolutely amazing. As soon as we saw it on the menu, all other dinner options went out the window. The food was lovely, the wine was great, the service was attentive but not over bearing. Fantastic way to spend a dinner in Vegas. Well done.
4	Excellent food, especially the caramelized onion pizza. When we had an issue with one of the oysters in our appetizer not smelling right, they replaced it.   My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience, including great service. It wasn't our first time dining there and it won't be our last.
3	We went on a Sunday late afternoon and we were a group of about 19.  Took the whole back area near bar.  Restaurant was not full but waitstaff took forever  to bring menus and take drink orders.  They had a happy  hour menu of bite size appetizers.  For example of sliders were microscopic  smallest burgers  I have ever seen.  Food is on the pricey side for amount you get. we had the margherita pizza, calamari were just okay and the ariisanal cheese selection with fig spread was good. Was really not good for groups we had to split our group into sections even though we took up most of the back bar area. Service was slow.
4	Food quality is why the 4 star rating, but I would rate the service only 3 stars because our Italian waiter forgot 3 things: my wine order (was supposed to be served before appetizer), bread bowl refill and water glass top-offs (we had to ask twice). Even tlthough he had a nice personality, he was so distracted & scatter-brained during the whole dinner! My husband wanted to leave only a 5% tip, but I left my usual 15% for the sake of posterity. The food was excellent enough to put up with the no-good waiter, though.
4	Our waitress gave good service but seemed like she was annoyed with us (and we weren't difficult).  Hubby had the cheese ravioli which was EXCELLENT but a small portion  I had, as always, the Lobster Club.  It's pricey ($32), but filled with yummy lobster.  The sweet potato fries are delicious too.  I like the ambiance of this place as you sit out in "open air" St. Mark's Square.
5	After three years, went back to Postrio with my brother and s-i-l. It was just as good as last time. The caesar salad is my absolute favorite. Our dinners were superb. The prices are very reasonable for Vegas. All in all a wonderful experience. We'll be back.
5	Daniel, our server, was excellent!   My drink was always full, made good recommendations, was personable and fun!  Got to watch the show in St Mark's square and the pizza and butternut squash dish were to die for!  Great find in vegas!
3	Usually I go to Otto which is right across Postrio. It's the new year, let's give this place a try. It's brunch time and they offered free mimosa. I informed the waiter that I don't drink alcohol and is there non alcoholic option- iced tea, orange juice, etc. It's not complimentary so I ordered iced tea. This was a turn off that they didn't provide non alcoholic option which is cheaper for them actually. Menu options looks very appealing. I love Wolfgang's restaurants especially the one in Beverly Hill and LA.  Looking forward to seeing how it is in this Las Vegas place. Corned beef hash with egg was quite yummy. Almost ordered desert but mostly chocolate. Good for those who loves chocolate. I don't so I passed on.
4	I went during brunch time since they were advertising free mimosas and missed out on the coveted donuts!They gave us apple fritters instead which were perfectly lightly crunchy on the outside and so doughy on the inside filled with apples which were still slightly crunchy and not too sour. It came with an interesting apple paste spread as well as a creamy sauce on the plate which I preferred.We also got monkey bread which was so perfectly sticky with a bit of crunchy texture inside. It's a bit on the sweeter side but didn't verge on TOO sweet for me. This was definitely my favorite of the two. I'd be interested in trying entrees here in the future!
