5	This place is great! I went in there today and got the chicken basil, which was probably the best I've had. Ever. The owners (husband and wife)  were very nice from the moment I walked in. I told them that I wanted my meal very spicy, and they didn't disappoint. This was a nice change of pace since most places I frequent usually don't deliver when it comes to heat. The chef - who is the wife - told me that when people ask for spicy, she gives them spicy. I love that attitude! The ingredients are very fresh, and the chicken was nicely trimmed of any connective tissue or fatty bits - which is another issue I've found all too common at other places. I will definitely be visiting this place often as there is so much I want to try on the menu! I miss Mad Pita, which used to be at this location, but im hoping that Pan Asian lasts a while! Please, everyone, go there and try this place out. If you like Chinese, Thai, Japanese, or even Vietnamese food (really want to try the pho), I don't think you'll be disappointed. The prices are great and it wasn't busy at all when I was there for lunch,but hopefully that changes!
4	Pan Asian is a bit of a misnomer. This is one Asian restaurant that does not deserve to be panned. Good food. Great service. I'm definitely a fan of Pan.The interior is pretty tiny. There is a meager total of 12 chairs in the whole dining area (which was 75% full while we were there). I'm not sure what kind of capacity they can achieve in that space, but if Dal Lat can squeeze in seating for 34 in their tiny restaurant, Pan Asian could probably at least double their current seating chart.Anthony M and I both ordered the Massaman Curry - I went with beef while he got tofu. This curry dish is on the sweet side, but the heat balanced it out for me. It was a good serving size and I enjoyed everything about it. The large chunks of potato and carrot, the ample pieces of beef, and the flavorful curry all came together very well.For some reason, the chef offered us some fried banana on the house. It was a generous gesture, but it strangely took a long time to come out and quite honestly, I didn't really enjoy it. It's probably a Filipino thing, but thanks to Turon, any fried banana that doesn't come with jackfruit automatically falls short.Nevertheless, I enjoyed my meal and will definitely return to try other items. I was almost tempted to "pull a Misti" (yes, we are hereby coining a new phrase) i.e. I was tempted to come back for dinner on the same day. (I didn't).
5	Pan Asian is literally just down the street from where I am currently living at. It has been opened for only 2-3 weeks and without a splashy and eye catching sign, it may be easy to drive past on Durango unless you are really looking for it.The restaurant has a large kitchen and prep area, but the dining area is comparatively small.  At the moment there are not too many tables and chairs setup (seating capacity is probably only at 16-20).  The interior is decorated simply but nicely.  The owner David Wong and his wife, the chef, are both super friendly.After my first spontaneous visit after just having had dinner at another new restaurant that recently opened just down he street, mainly based on Misti Y's positive comments about this new restaurant.  So I was looking to see what their menu offers and try some desserts.  The Thai dessert looks interesting, but I was told that it was not available that day and to try the Cheesecake Tempura. It was regular slice of cheesecake that was cut into smaller pieces and tempura fried. It has a different texture and if you enjoyed fried desserts, this one is probably something you should try.The next day I dropped by after a stop at the Costco Food Truck Fest #2, and tried the Massaman Chicken Curry.  It was tasty and the portion was generous. Before I left, the chef also gave me a large cup of longan tea (on the house)  that she brewed from dried longan that her relatives visiting from Thailand had brought her.  The flavor is sweet, as it was sweetened with brown sugar, and maybe that was why it also reminded me of the Winter Melon Tea that I used to drink when I was in Taiwan.  I really enjoyed the drink and the generous gesture.Day 3, I had a Sababa Groupon to redeem before it expires. So after finishing the Sababa Special, which I thought would fill me up, I still had room for dessert and dropped in again to see if Thai Sticky Rice and Mango would be on the menu.  Lucky for me, the chef said if I was willing to wait a few minutes, she will make it from scratch for me.  It was a simple and very traditional Thai dessert served especially during the summer, when mango are in season.  And My T and his wife just happened to drop in for dinner.  With a friendly couple that runs the restaurant and serving good food at reasonable prices, Pan Asian is already starting to get a decent Yelp following.  I know I will be back soon to try more of the menu.Decor:  4/5  Minimalist decorations that just works for the space.Food:  5/5 I enjoyed the food I have ordered thus far.  Service:  5/5  The owner and his wife, Chef Lisa, are both super friendly. Can't have a meal prepared and served to you by a nicer couple.Price/Value:  5/5  The price is fair and the portions are pretty generous. Lunch menu portion is the same as the dinner, so an even greater value.Location is super close by, and even after I move a little further away, still worth the detour back from work or to satisfy a Pan Asian craving.
5	I started to see rave reviews and check ins to this new place so I had to check it out after seeing Paolo D. and Anthony M. there for lunch. The BF and I brought his mom and grandma for dinner. I am, like Misti, a Massaman curry fan, but few places offer it. I had to order it and we decided with fried tofu. This was what I was looking for in a massaman. It is sweet of a curry, but I think the chef hit the sweet spot of where I like it to be. I have a problem with most fried tofu being overly fried and becoming a greasy "skin"- here it was slightly crisp outside and still solid inside. The whole family liked the flavor of this curry a lot. Chicken green curry was tasty. I like that there was a lot of fresh veggies and fresh basil. I think out of the Thai spots I already frequent, this was one of the better versions of green curry. Basil sauce chicken had a great flavorful sauce. A lot of places do this with ground chicken and with a very light watery sauce, but here it's slices with a thicker more flavorful base. Stir Fried Linguini with pork. This was something mom in law declared as "the best noodles dish she ever had". It was packed with flavor and one that a bit of spice really makes it for me. One thing that I was really surprised with is the quality of ingredients which made the solid seasoning/sauce/curries shine. We saw her cut up the veggies fresh to order and I I don't know of many places that do that. The chicken/pork was decent quality and trimmed free of fat and sinew and was juicy.  It's good value since all the dishes we got were $8-9ish and decently portioned. It's a husband and wife team and the husband takes care of the customers. He was very nice, checked on us often and joked around through out our meal. When we said we want more rice and grandma proclaimed she eats rice all the time (because shes Asian) he goes, "Good, rice makes you sexy!" I totally cracked up. His wife also came to talk with us and also check how we liked the food. It adds to the food when the hospitality is there too.I predict this is gonna be a Yelper favorite with the stream of Yelp Elite coming through already! And I hope they stay strong. One dinner was enough to know the whole family is coming back.
5	Excellent food.  Couldn't stop eating entree.  Nice interior and very friendly!!  Too bad I live near Boulder City or I'd eat there regularly.
5	Swung by here for some takeout after Paolo's UYE Photowalk.  All I can say is yum, yum, yum, yum, yum!  I got the Massaman curry, Thai spicy chicken salad, and basil fried rice.  All the dishes were freshly, yet quickly made, and soooo good.  I think my favorite was the spicy chicken salad, but everything was super tasty.Friendly owners and they sing!  Whatever's playing, they sing along.  So cute!  I think they were singing Come Together by the Beatles when I left.  Awesome.  Yelp comes through again.Oh, and there is free wifi.  I don't know if it's a mistake or it's coming from another business, but it's there.  Yay!
5	Vegas has weird weather at times and last week it was windy and cold, the perfect weather for soup. I just didn't know what, and I didn't want to go far for it.  I asked my cousin and he suggested Pan Asian. Looking at the menu, everything listed looked so appetizing.  I wanted to try them all.  My budget for that day for lunch wasn't more than $6 so I ordered Tom Kha soup made with coconut, chicken, some different herbs I've never seen or tasted before, lemon grass, and amongst other things.  It was the exact kind of goodness I just needed on a cold windy day.  The sour taste was just perfect and not overpowering the whole dish.  Everything together was combined well.  The service was also comforting as the employees all were very patient, and easy to talk to.  It's also great to be able to speak with the chef.  It's rare that chefs talk to their patrons anymore.  It definitely was a nice change.I am curious about their penang curry and the other curries they're serving.
5	Ding ding ding, we have a winner folks!  First of all, thanks to Misti and the crew for finding yet another gem.  This place advertises itself as an Asian fusion restaurant, but at its core it is a gourmet, mostly authentic Thai restaurant.  And you know how I love Thai food...  We ordered the Massaman Curry with beef, the Rad Nah with pork, and the Vietnamese Shrimp Ravioli.  After eating these, I am convinced that this is one of the top three Thai restaurants in Las Vegas, maybe top two!  (UPDATE: This is THE BEST Thai restaurant in Vegas currently).The Vietnamese Shrimp Ravioli were quite interesting as an appetizer.  The presentation was very gourmet and beautiful.  The ravioli noodles were soft and sticky, wrapped in a shrimp that's cooked in interesting spices.  The flavor was perfect with a little bit of red chili sauce on it (I skipped the soy sauce that came with it).  Not Thai, I know, but definitely yummy.I am not really a fan of Massaman because it tends to be sweet, but with all of the talk about it here, I thought I would try it.  This version was sweet, as it is supposed to be, but it also had a ridiculously intriguing and complex flavor!  There was a definite peanut flavor, but also another flavor that I couldn't put my finger on.  The chef makes her own curries, so I attribute this complex flavor to the homemade curry sauce.  I probably would order this with less sweetness next time, but this dish was amazing.  It came with big potato slices, carrots cooked to perfection, bell peppers, and beef chunks that were nicely prepared.  The Rad Nah here is extremely good, and won me over.  This is probably tied for the second best Rad Nah I have had!  The cook said that it was one of her favorite dishes, and so she takes a lot of pride in her recipe.  This dish smelled absolutely amazing.  Smokey, lightly sweet aromas.  The taste was just as good.  The pork was nice and juicy, and the Chinese broccoli was fresh and crunchy.  The sauce was slightly more rich than the other two great Rad Nah recipes I have had, which gave it its own character.  Not a lot of places can make a great Rad Nah, and Pan Asian makes one of the best I have had.  Great job, Pan Asian.I am so glad to have this restaurant available in Las Vegas.  I will have to take some breaks from my usual spots to explore their menu some more.  The Thai food is mostly authentic, but they do have to Americanize certain dishes a little bit.  So, if you want the real deal, just order it "Thai style".  We rattled off a few exotic dishes that we like, and the chef said that some of them she can cook very well (very spicy Pa Cha).  I can't wait to go back!Edit: I've been back a number of times and have loved every dish I have had (roast duck, red snapper).  One dish really stood out yesterday though, the red curry.  I had it with beef, spicy level 10, and it came with fresh peppers and pieces of pumpkin!  It wasn't as sweet as the other curries, so you non-sweet curry lovers will enjoy this one!  The sauce is homemade, and full of fresh flavors.  I believe that it may be the best red curry I have ever had.  Dave said that this is how the royal family eats red curry.  I don't know about royalty, but if this dish isn't fit for it than I don't know what is!Second Edit: recommended dishes for Thai food lovers, may not be on the menu: the Red Curry dishes (served with fresh pumpkin!), Pa Cha with tilapia, Red Snapper, Duck curry, fried banana.
5	Misti Y. nailed it. Great, friendly, attentive service. Clean, simple, and pleasant space. The Malaysian Roti was the best I have ever had. The Lettuce wrap Chicken, the Masaman Curry was fantastic, and we got some Tom Kha soup to go, which was also amazing. The Roti was so good we ordered two to go.While speaking with the Chef and Owner, Lisa, we discovered that they use organically grown, locally raised herbs and organic produce in some of the dishes. I am looking forward to returning here soon. I bet soon this place will have long lines.Good find.
5	Ok Misty Y, I blame you for this. My new favorite place in Las Vegas for fresh, All types of asian food, in Las Vegas. Lisa, the chef behind this resturant has a real gift for making tasty, fresh, wonderful food.We began with the gyoza, fresh, made to order and tasty.Then onto the best Malaysian Roti I have had ever..her own twist with a great flavor and again oh so fresh.We also ordered the chicken Wrap, which comes served in a lettuce wrap sort of deal, again, not to be missed!The massaman Curry was so nice, we thought we would be brining it home, but it never made it there, we ate it all.We also learned that most of the fresh herbs being used are organic, grown in her mothers yard nearby..so local too!I loved the real plates and silverware, very liittle waste.Get yourself here before the crowds find this place, there are only four tables! They informed us that they will deliver, look them up on roadrunnerfood.comI can't wait to come back, my favorite place in Las Vegas! Damm you Misty! Xoxoxox
5	My wife and I drove past it the other day and decided to try it out. We love any kind of Asian food and are pleased to have a new place to go close to the house. When we pulled into the parking lot there was only one car there and we were not sure they were open, even though the sign said they were. We tried the door and were greeted my David( the owner) with a warm hello. He welcomed us and told us about how he came here from Naples Florida and just opened a month ago. He assured us we would love our meal and he was right. He made a couple of suggestion and we settled on starting with the Vietnamese Chicken Ravioli. We watched Lisa, David's wife and a wonderful chef, prepare the appetizer from our table. It is nice to see an open kitchen where you can watch everything being freshly made. For dinner I had the Red Nah noodles and my wife had the Massaman Curry. Both were outstanding, although I have to take my wife's word on the curry since I don't enjoy curry. The portions were good size and we even had a little left to take home. My only trepidation about writing this review is that Pan Asian is a small restaurant with only about 14 seats and I don't want to always have to wait in line for my new favorite local place. My other recommendation to David was for him t o make sure that Lisa's name goes on the name of the place as well since her food is the real star of the show.
5	The family has been planning to come back since our visit Mothers Day.  I figured since I've been twice in a row this week, I should write a update.I planned to have lunch with my mom and grandma in law and they were suggesting to come back. They wanted the Stir Fried Linguini and Massaman again. This was definitely a test in consistency and it was right on and just as good. This time the massaman had avocado pieces which made it even better for me! I also tried the Chicken Tom Khar. Lisa (chef/owner) came and said it wasn't coming out the way she wants with consistency since she changed and tried a different coconut milk. I thought it was still good as the flavor of the spices came through and made up for a lack of creaminess from the coconut milk. I guess the BF felt shafted we went without him so we went for lunch the very next day. We had pork pad se ew which had a great flavor. The noodles were a little sticky, but I rather like sticky noodles than the usually greasy treatment of this dish at other places. We got chicken red curry. This is different than most reds I've had, less thick and a bit more watery but the flavor is much more complex. I loved the addition of eggplant and squash to this dish as those went well with the curry flavor. I love meat, but I equally love vegetables that are fresh so it's a big plus for me that the curries here isn't all sauce and meat. The BF and I had a good talk with Lisa about her food and a bit about their past restaurants and such. I loved that she said that since they don't have overhead they spend it on proper good ingredients because it's about the customers. That good food needs good ingredients to become a superior dish. If only every single business adopted that instead of cutting corners on ingredients they might have solid dishes and avid fanbases! And it's not like she is just saying that....we can see her cook and I see that their ingredients are quality (like our Thai Tea had organic Horizon milk) and fresh (herbs from their garden, fresh kefir instead of dried they obtain from LA, Melissa's produce). Considering the quality for the price, it is a steal of a meal! Many places charge about this much for much less quality. I LOVE this place! It feels so comfortable to dine here with how friendly they are. It's like being in the Wong's home. This is THE BEST Thai food I've had in the city and reminds me of some great Thai food giants in Los Angeles (if you didn't know- has the largest population of Thai in the US) solid Thai home cooking. I thought Thai Grill solved all my Thai food answers here in Vegas, but I think this has definitely bumped to my number one.  I rarely endorse a place this hard, but if you are gonna read any of my reviews and decide to go to a place, I hope I influence you to give this humble place a try. A small UYE coming soon so check the calendars!
5	OMG, I don't even know where to start. But this place is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!!! This place is a hidden gold mine, but I have found it :D Pan Asian has been bearly open for a month, but I can see a bright future ahead of them. Wherever  the cook came from, she is a GOD. All the orders are made FRESH to order, you can see her make all the food from scratch, and uses only the freshest ingredients. I had the Tiger Shrimp Mango salad and I have never been more in love with a salad EVER. The pineapple fried rice was also super mega delicious. Good thing is that everything is perfectly proportioned, so you won't end up with an entree that only has a two pieces of meat or whatever. They definitely don't take a cheap shortcut.Restaurant is obviously new and very clean, the kitchen is balling and huge (the kitchen itself is bigger than the dining area). Menu is very clean and easy to read. Prices are a bit high but reasonable since they use fresh ingredients, cooked to order, and just taste damn good. You do get what you pay for, and every penny is worth it here!Pan Asian where have you been all my life, I would totally ask the cook to adopt me so I can eat her cooking everyday. This place is a MUST try. I will definitely be back here many, many times.5 STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	*This is a tribute to Misti Y.*I just HAD to go to Pan Asian before my Texas vacation, so I steered myself here which made me also have to go back to Patisserie Manon and buy every flavor of macaron to take on the plane back to the French mama.The owners of Pan Asian are super sweet.  Chef Lisa has a great name, doesn't she?  I was the only one there, and I told them my friend Misti recommended them so highly that I drove from the other side of town!Some things Chef Lisa and her husband said:"Misti sure has a lot of friends!""Misti just ate here yesterday!"...and when I ordered the massaman curry with fried tofu, "Misti prefers her massaman with steamed tofu."So I smiled and giggled, and enjoyed that Misti is like the fabric of the restaurant (well, there are brick floors but you know what I mean).The massaman was unlike any massaman I ever had.  I am used to thick, dark, and sweet coconut-milk based sauce.  This sauce was savory, almost buttery, and thin.  I am not sure how I feel about the butter instead of the coconut flavor.  However, it was CHOCK full of big chunks of veggies (potatoes, red peppers, green peppers, carrots, onions), crisp peanuts, ripe avocado, and then of course, the tofu.The spice was right on.  I told them I was going to Thailand and Cambodia for my honeymoon and wanted to keep up with the heat.  My nose ran, always a good sign.  Lisa's husband told me he lived in Cambodia, and Lisa told me about her travels in Phuket.  The lunch special came with a canned drink, which I found out after I got Thai iced tea, so I ended up with 2 drinks.  However, I got my can of coke served with a straw, and for anyone who knows I drink soda through a straw, that is pretty cool.I definitely want to come back and try other dishes.  The atmosphere is pretty and clean, the owners warm, the food spicy and tasty.  And even if Misti isn't physically there, she is definitely "there"!
5	Food cant be this good. Nothing on this universe tastes as good as food from Chef Lisa. It shouldnt!! It defies some laws of physics!!So here are my theories on why the food is so good or how it was made:- The Restaurant is actually a wormhole or gateway to a parallel universe where food is always that good. If this is the case i want to journey to this parallel universe and never leave.- Chef Lisa is a robot or an android or a cybernetic being sent from the future to help us fight against crappy food. This would explain how she got three orders to come out all at the same time without aid- Chef Lisa is a wizard, she conjures up food using magic, wizardry, spells. This would explain the fast service and magical taste of the food.- Chef Lisa is an alien that uses advanced technology to create food that will blow us away. If this is the case then her intentions are not clear but may include but are not limited to + studying our social habits + fattening us up for invasion/dinner + observing mating rituals + set us upon one another and destroy the very fabric of society in search of that oh so good bowl of noodlesThe food can only be described as 'supernatural'. Regardless of how and why it came to be i will willfully and happily return again and again.
4	If Yelp had awards for Best New Restaurants, this would make the list!It says Pan Asian (Chinese, Thai, Japanese) but it's mainly Thai with some Malaysian IMO with some hints from other asian fares.First off, the owners here are amazing.  David and Chef Lisa really provide a comforting, intimate experience you woulnd't get at an asian place.  We ordered the following:Vietnamese Chicken Ravioli Pad-See EwMassamam CurryCrying Beef SaladTom Yum ShrimpTempura CheesecakeThe Crying Beef Salad was the best!  The beef was cooked perfectly and the greens had so much flavor.  Everything was delicious but I must say that I've had better Tom Yum at many other places.This place only has a few tables and as this builds more Yelp cred, they will need to expand to counter the herds of people lining up.Best of all, everything is under 10 bucks!
4	OMG!!! This place is a HIDDEN GEM.  I've been craving for Thai & Looooove the Pad Thai here. It's not like any other.  Place is owned by these really nice couples.  I had to try the deep friend cheese cake to see what all the craze was  about but I wasn't that impressed. I definitely have to return and try other dishes next time.
5	I love the fact that this place is across the street from my house!! The chicken pad thai is soo delish and the lettuce wraps. They have lunch specials for only about 6 bucks and it comes with a drink. The place isn't very big maybe 6-8 tables, but it's clean and I can see right into the kitchen which is a HUGE bonus in my book. It kinda freaks me out when I cant see what the cook looks like or how my food is cooked. The owner is super friendly and jokes that he needs more business to hire a dish washer because he is tired of washing them himself LOL Great food good prices and super friendly service = an A+ in my book.
4	Very nice cozy place. I got the ginger black bean sauce stir fry with beef and I really liked the beef. Veggies are just so-so. But there's a lot of other stuff on the menu that I must try and I will update review later on for that. My friend also got the cheesecake tempura with his entree and appetizer and he pretty much loved it. I'm not a cheesecake fan overall but it looks pretty good. I've still got to try the crying tiger salad since it looks good. Oh, if you need more rice just ask :). They also have sticky rice. What I always give bonus for is the service. David is the one that served us and he is extremely hospitable and friendly. Chef Lisa also made sure to ask her guests how the food was so they are both very friendly. Always a plus to see owners actually caring about your experience. They interact very well with their guests. Photos are posted for my order as well as the crispy fried tofu and the menu. ^^v
4	Saw a lot of great reviews so wanted to check it out.Chef is nice, as advertised.  The food is very good and I like the open kitchen so you know everything is nice and clean.  They definitely run an immaculate kitchen and you can't help but feel better about that.Went with the parents and had the following:Massaman curry - think it needed a little salt.  But otherwise had a nice flavor and went great with the jasmine rice.  Definitely looking forward to trying the other curries.  However, I hope they are a little kicked up as I did think some bites got a bit bland.Beef noodle soup (their version of pho) - this was really tasty.  Nice tender meat and, I think, tendon.  The soup was tasty and everything in there cooked perfectly.  Some may quibble since the soup isn't served piping hot.  But I see no reason for something to burn your mouth.Didn't get dessert but will try it next time.  All in all...this is a great value for the price.  I may review it again since it does have 5 star potential.  It's tucked away on a less than busy street and when I went there it was totally empty on a thursday night.  Yelpers....help this place stay in business.  They deserve it with the quality food they serve at very reasonable prices.
5	after reading so many great reviews, i decided to give Pan Asian a try... and im sooo glad i did.i ordered the green curry, and the pad thai... and they were both amazing!the flavors were spot on! and i wanted to scarf it all up, but it was a lot of food!was happy to meet lisa who was very friendly, and made me feel welcomed. barbara the hostess/server was also very friendly. we chatted while my order was being cooked up. Learned that they used a lot of fresh organic ingredients, chicken, veggies, and dairy...which is a good thing!i will be back for sure!
5	I have been here three times so far and I'm in love with their Pad Thai!  It's hard for me to try to order anything else. The noodles that are used are thinner than what I'm used to but I prefer it. It's the best I've ever tasted! On my first visit I ordered the Pineapple fried rice to go with it. Then my second visit I ordered the Pad Thai lunch special . My third visit I ordered the Massaman Curry with the Pad Thai. I've also tried their Crying Tiger but I think hands down my favorite thing on the menu is the Pad Thai ...it's addicting! The second thing on their menu I can't get enough of is their Fried Ice Cream . I prefer this over their Deep Fried Cheese Cake. The Ice Cream really looks like it's fried.....they don't cheat by putting toasted corn flakes on it either. This place is one of my favorites.
4	Pan Asian is another inconspicuous restaurant I would have never known about if it wasn't for Yelp.  I drove down the street and passed it twice and I was on the lookout for it. The restaurant is quaint with a few tables. Interior is simple and understated. You can see right into the kitchen and see the chef in action. My husband and I were greatly warmly by the owner and he made suggestions per our request. The prices were fairly decent. Based on the quick tips on Yelp, we ordered the Vietnamese Shrimp Ravioli, Crying Tiger Salad, Massaman Curry with chicken and DW Fried Rice. We figured we might as well order a lot so we can have leftovers for later. We devoured all of the food and there wasn't a grain of rice left to take home.I loved all of the food but the Crying Tiger Salad pulled at my heart strings. The flavors were so distinctive and strong and I have never tasted a salad like it before. I always order Massaman Curry from Thai places; Pan Asian raised the bar for me. The curry had the right amount of sweetness and heat. It came with avocado and sweet potatoes, which I've never seen before in other restaurants, and they were cooked to perfection.The chef came by our table to check if we enjoyed our meal. She was so sweet and we couldn't sing her praises enough.I pointed out at least ten more items on the menu that I have to try. I will definitely need to order more next time so I can enjoy some leftovers!
5	4.5 stars, rounded up to 5. (and I rarely round up!)I am a HUGE fan of Pan Asian, and an even bigger fan of owner David Wong and his wife, Lisa, the chef! They are awesome people serving tasty, fresh food- hence the reason I round up. My first encounter was during lunch with my toddler daughter. We started with the Chicken Gyoza- and I could barely get a bite because my daughter practically ate the entire plate herself.  I also ordered the Pad See Ew with tofu- and it was probably the best I have ever had. And I have eaten A LOT of Pad See Ew.  Came back for lunch yesterday, and as much as I wanted to order the Pad See Ew again, I thought I should try something new. I ordered the Massaman Curry that other yelpers have been raving about.  It was my first time trying this dish and I am sad that I hadn't tried it sooner.  The potatoes and carrots were perfect and the avocado, bell peppers, and peanuts gave it a nice texture. My husband ordered the Thai style "Pho" and the broth was BURSTING with flavor.  I am a huge fan of Vietnamese Pho and have very high standards, but I have found a new love in this Thai version. Even after my husband added spice to it, it only enhanced the flavor and made it even better.  This is one dish that I can't stop thinking about.  I can't wait to go back and have a bowl all to myself. My toddler daughter was being a tad bratty and wouldn't sit still to eat her meal, so David came to my rescue and bribed her with some ice cream (with my permission of course).  Well, she sat like a perfect angel and ate her lunch.  We also ordered the fried bananas, and like Paolo D., I prefer the Filipino version with jackfruit- but I must say that the coconut and sesame seeds in this dish was a nice surprise, and my daughter's vanilla ice cream was the perfect accompaniment.
4	Loved it! I highly recommend the awesome food here. My only complaint is that my bill was higher than what the menu stated it should've been.
5	Holy Moly, now that was some good stuff!!  Checked this placed out because of all the awesome reviews.  And it exceeded what we "thought" might be good.Thai Tea - on pointCrying Tiger Salad - WoAh!  Excellent!  I know you're probably asking, how can a salad be that awesome?  Well, try it and you'll see...ask for some water because you're going to need it.  SPICY!Massaman Curry w/chicken - a bit sweet for me but still decent (never had it before either).Beef Rice Noodles Soup "PHO" - I requested bok choy be added to the soup.  Owner, David added it with no problem.  Nummy num.Gyoza - yummyTempura Cheesecake with an order of Fried Ice Cream!!  Yikes!  I think I felt my thighs expanding as I gobbled those down.All in all this was an excellent choice for our dinner night out and well worth the drive.  We came from Nellis AFB which is on the north end.  It took us about 25 minutes to get there.We'll be back again!
4	Right next day coming back from my 6 week trip to Korea, I was craving for Thai Food so badly (had enough of Soon-tofu Jjigae and Kim-chi back home :) :P Well, I've been told that this new Thai restaurant is so great that I should try it as soon as I return from my vacation. I was dying to try this new Thai Restaurant in my neighborhood and glad that finally I tried out! I shared two dishes with Mr Tea' for lunch; Panang Curry & Crying Tiger The Panang Curry was really good and tasty.. I enjoyed having my Panang Curry not too sweat and it was just right! The Crying Tiger was a dish that I tried out for the first time.. It was a handful plate of green salad with lots of red onions and grilled steak. The flavor of lime, garlic, chili, and fish sauce were very strong. But I love fish sauce in general,, like often used in Vietnamese, Thai, or Korean dishes. I thought the dish was little bit salty to me since the main ingredient was a Thai fish sauce but,, honestly it was better in taste after try it out over the Jasmin Rice that we got it for the curry. I can't say too much about this place yet, but I love to go back and try many items from the menu. The price is about the same as any other Thai Restaurant in town. This place will be definitely one of my favorite restaurants to grab a lunch or dinner..... So why do I want to rave about this place...the chef, the food, warm smile by staffs, and the friendly service.. Oh, YES~~life cant get much better :)
5	This place is beyond amazing.  I have had this place on my radar since it opened and after all the great word of mouth I was dying to try it. I came here with a big group of friends and luckily there was one table that was able to accommodate us. The owner, David, was a fantastic guy. He was so personable and welcoming. He was joking around with us and very patient with us even though we were taking quite a bit of time deciding what to order in between conversations.Our table started with some appetizers and a salad to share. We got the Crying Tiger, which burned so good, the Malaysian Roti and some spring rolls. They were all delicious. I ordered the Massaman Curry with fried tofu. It was absolutely fantastic with all the unexpected combinations of flavors. Some other dishes we tried were the Red Curry, Pad Se Ew, Black Bean Chicken, Pad Thai with Chicken and another Massaman with Beef instead of tofu. Everything was perfectly flavored and the portions were generous for the price. Chef Lisa came out to chat with us as well and she was incredibly friendly. We were joking back and forth about the one guy in our party who ordered a spicy level 10 and what that would be rated on the Thai spicy scale. She said a 7, but I think she was trying to be kind as David said it was more like a 5 to them, haha.It was a fantastic evening with even more fantastic food and to top it all off she delighted us with a complimentary order of tempura banana which were excellent with bits of coconut inside.I can't wait to go back to try the rest of their menu. I just might become regular very soon!
4	This place is Pan-tastic! Cooked to order. I love it when the chef, Lisa,  comes out to check how you like the food. That's cooking from the soul. She can make things off the menu if you know what you're asking for. Although I do not claim to be the specialist on Thai cuisine, you know this place is legit when Thai people (Sirintra my one Thai friend) love it. Yay! I'm a fan, but I am not a fan of the decor and setting. It's rather confusing to eat exquisite dishes and then drink from a styrofoam cup. I think people will be amazed at the quality of food, but rather disappointed in the ambiance.  Seems harsh, but know what you're getting into before you get all dressed up for a nice date.
5	This place is awesome, this is my second time here, and it rocked it again! I ordered the roti and again it was the best I have ever had, also had the chicken raviolli and it was fresh and tasty. Now Lisa made something off the menu for us, called pad cha, it was so bold in flavor, with spice and fresh vegitables and chicken making a beautiful melody together. I also had the crying tiger, at Misti's suggestion, and it was HUGE in flavor and light. Big flavors meshing together, fresh ingredients, excellent service, clean, and innovative. The best!
1	I came here yesterday for lunch with one of my gfs.I was really excited to try out this new hot spot with awesome reviews.I was really bummed out with lunch yesterday and will not be coming back.We ordered pad thai with chicken and singapore noodles with chicken. Both dishes were horrible. I'm a huge pad thai noodle fan and was not impressed at all. Both were lunch specials ranging around $7. On the other hand, my gf thought it was good.Parking and seating wasn't a problem.Our server which could be the manager/owner was nice but then forced the issue of us coming back tomorrow... which I told him I live very far and he insisted I still come back. Ummm no thanks.I wouldn't recommend coming here and I won't be back. Such a bummer, I was hoping to find a new lunch spot.Sorry Pan Asian... Next!
5	There are few restaurants that we will shamelessly frequent two days in a row. Pan Asian is one of them.Seating is limited, food is delicious. So far we have tried the roti, massaman curry, crying tiger salad, pork/fishball soup, beef noodle soup, and drunken noodles.The massaman curry is a must for curry-lovers. It's on a whole other spectrum of curries. Sweet and spicy; the vegetables are super fresh. The beef noodle soup, their version of pho, had a wonderful broth. It has an added flavor that we just couldn't put our finger on...The beef salad was THE best we have ever had. Less salty and more tender than our usual thai orders.The service is wonderful, David and Lisa are very hospitable and make you feel at home :)
5	I've already returned and I have to report back all the seating upgrades they have added here. They have added quite a few booths and seating options and can now seat quite a few more people comfortably inside the restaurant, plus the booths are sparkly and red. Nice.Service and the food were still the stars of the show here. I tried the Red Curry, Roti and Filet Mignon Pho on this occasion. They were all fantastic. The pho is more of a Thai version and has a great heat. The Red Curry was pretty awesome, but I think the Massaman is still my favorite. Looking forward to trying some of their rice and noodle dishes on the next visit.
5	Delicious food, affordable price, and friendly service! The main guy is funny and very accommodating. Offered some suggestions on which ones are their popular dishes. BF went for the Massaman Curry with beef and I went for my favorite chicken Panang :)I usually get papaya salad and pad Thai but we were feelin' curry that day. We really wanted to go for dessert but since we both ordered a second helping of rice we didn't leave enough room :(We'll definitely come back!UPDATE:I've been here a couple times and after some evaluation, I say their Thai menu is definitely A+ their "other" items however can be a hit or miss. I've tried their linguine and I wasn't a fan. This restaurant's cuisine is Thai to begin with so I don't stray anymore. They do have one of the best curries in town !
4	Delicious, Fast, Friendly, Quaint, Fair Priced. Everything you want in a low-key neighborhood eatery. More lunch specials!
5	This place is incredible.  The owners are so kind, and the food is so delicious.  My favorite dishes that I've had had so far are the scallop amok, pad thai, and panang curry.  I can't wait to go back to try some new dishes and say hi to the owners.
4	I sort of had trouble finding this place.  It's tucked away in a corner and the sign is sooooo nondescript I passed by it TWICE.  There is no visual at all on the sign, and the font for "Pan Asian is so default I thought it was for a tax or accounting company.Thankfully, the food is everything but nondescript.  I have to say it was one of the better fusion restaurants I have been to.  I always feel nervous going to an All Asian restuarant because it seems none of the dishes are made right.  However, every single dish I had today was very good.  I had some crunchy pancake thing (I think it was called lati?) and the pad thai was pretty good.  I always order pad thai from thai restauarants and this place got it right, although the chicken was sliced a little too big.PS. the desert was delicious.  Terri got this fancy fried cheesecake ice cream thingy and she shared it with everyone (happy birthday Terri!!).  I wish it wasn't so far from my house and I would definitely visit it more.  It's not a WOWzer restaurant or anything, but I had a good experience with the food.  Plus the old man working there is friendly and very funny.  I loved the service.
4	Went to Pan Asian last night.  We are still talking about the food.  Great service, excellent flavors.  It was a slam dunk for us.  We ordered the spicy chicken salad, DW fried rice, massaman curry (outstanding!) and the shrimp ravoli type item (this was our least favorite but not bad).  I would highly recommend venturing off the strip to have a great meal at Pan Asian.
3	ahhh I had to be a downer with all these great reviews for this place but I really didn't eat anything that remotely brought this place to 4 stars. (sorry Misti!!)For starters we got suckered into ordering the Roti.  Pretty tasty don't get me wrong but for pan fried dough with curry dipping sauce, I didn't think it was worth the price PLUS the oil intake i had to consume with it.  I can only take in so much oil a week and would much rather save it for fried chicken.I had the crying tiger for my entree which turned out to be overcooked tough slices of beef drenched in strange spices in an attempt to make the beef spicy.  The beef was topped on a bed of lettuce and onions with absolutely no flavor at all except the overly used spices.Friend ordered the curry which was mediocre but a bit on the sweet side. SOO many great reviews, maybe yall should try it for yourself but beware of the crying tiger.
5	MMMM...Our new favorite place. David and Lisa are so welcoming. Lisa does all the cooking. It's an open kitchen and my mouth waters just watching.I love their curries. The panang and massaman have great flavor.The stir fried linguini has asparagus, tomatoes, sweet pepper,garlic, chili and basil-need I say more?My husband is a fan of the DW(david wong) fried rice and the Red Nah Noodles.(I am too) If you like coconut shrimp you got to have theirs. As for a soup, I recommend the filet mignon "PHO".While their pad thai is as good as any ones I've tasted, I much perfer to experiment and order other things on their menu.Desserts, I hear they are good but I never have room.Bon Appetite
3	A place we go on the regular was closed today so my friend and I decided to try another place out.  We Yelp'd!! around our area and found this place which came up first and had some great reviews.  We were super excited because we LOVE Thai food and curry is my favorite and the reviews for this place were awesome. It's kind of hard to see from the street - which is odd because it faces the street.  The sign is hard to read and doesn't really pop so for those driving by I can understand passing it on your first try.  We walked in and the place was cutely decorated, but kind of a divey place in my opinion.  There is no air conditioning running, so I couldn't imagine eating anything spicy there!! I'd probably die.  The owner, David, was very sweet.  He was excited to have customers and wanted to make sure he made our food the way we wanted - he warned us of the spice levels as well!  I got a 6 and it was just perfect.  My friend is a spice FREAk and wanted an 8, but he warned her to try a 6 - she regrets not getting the 8! I ordered the Massaman curry because of a review that said "curry lovers must try this" and my friend got the Panang curry (my usual fave) The plan was to half both of them and share.  To my dismay the curry was scarce.  It had great flavor, but when I poured it over the rice there were a ton of vegetables and barely any curry.  I was surprised because for $10 I feel like the container should be at least half way full.  I pay $8 at some places that give me 5 times what I got here.  It was very disapppointing.  I did enjoy the flavor, but I won't pay $20 for a full size curry.  Also, I love avocados so I was intrigued, but I don't think they belong in a curry.  Just an odd texture and flavor to mix...We brought another plate of pad thai to go for my friends roommate and he says it was mediocre, nothing special.  Not to hate on this place, but just bein' honest :) It was A-ok.
5	so my hubby and i have been searching for good authentic thai food for 7 years...finally found an amazing spot! the owners are sweet and the food is GREAT!!! must try the esarn sausage with sticky rice...she makes her own sausage...yummmmm=p
4	We saw the good reviews and decided to give it a try.  Massamam Curry was my favorite.  I liked everything in it, potato, sweet potato, onion, carrot and so on.  There's even avacado in the dish.   What a wonderful surprise!  Crying Tiger (beef salad) is also great.  The only thing I wasn't a big fan of was their TomYum soup.
5	Really awesome customer service and it doesn't taste like fast food. It tasted like well home cooked meal. The people were nice and it was easy to converse with them. Pretty quick also.
5	Thursday night and my sisters and I were looking for a place to eat.  We were thinking somewhere different yet worth it.  I didn't want to go too far and i didn't want to spend a ton of money either so I suggested Pan Asian.  I had been there before, but my sisters had yet to experience this fabulous little restaurant.      We got there about 7 and were the only ones in the restaurant.  We were immediately greeted by the owner.  He told us the specials, a whole red snapper deep fried and served with a sweet chili sauce, and crispy duck served similar to Peking style.  While looking at the paper menu, I couldn't help thinking that the specials sounded amazing.  So we ordered the green papaya salad, the red snapper, and the crispy duck.      We ordered the green papaya salad with a spicy scale of 3, but when I tasted it, it seemed spicier.  It was really good, with great flavor and a nice crunch, but we couldn't get pass the spiciness.  Chef Lisa apologized and said she used a fresh chili and could see that it was spicier than normal.  She said she would tone it down a bit for the red snapper.   The red snapper came out and looked beautiful.  It was sitting upright on a plate with lots of veggies and a nice sweet chili sauce.  I normally do not eat fish, but the snapper was cooked perfectly and the sauce complimented it so well.  I couldn't help but have some.  We ended up eating the whole thing.     I love duck and was not disappointed with Chef Lisa's crispy duck.  The crispy duck was served with flour tortillas and 3 different sauces: mango, hoisin, and curry.  Along with the several pieces of crispy duck was crispy duck sauteed with bok choy in a black bean type sauce.  The duck was crispy on the outside and so tender and moist on the inside.  It had a great anise/five spice flavor that is common in duck.  All of the sauces were great with the duck and I thought the tortillas were a nice change from the buns you normally get with Peking duck.  The sauteed crispy duck with the bok choy was equally amazing with lots of flavor.  If this was on the menu by itself, it would be worth ordering as well.   The bill came out to where I expected it to be.  The food was well worth the price.  It was gourmet, but in a place where I wasn't afraid to use my hands with the duck or the fish.  I will definitely go back to Pan Asian and I'm looking forward to trying other things on their menu as well as any other specials that they may have.
5	What a little gem of a place! They put some unique additions into classic dishes, that take them to another level of deliciousness. Like sweet potato & avocado in the Massaman Curty or pumpkin in the Red Curry. These make the dish not only taste amazing but also make them more visually appealing as well. Best of all the service can't be beat, very friendly and efficient. Almost felt like I was in Thailand, "the land of smiles". ;)
5	Just a quick update since I've been getting delivery from Pan Asian quite frequently from roadrunnerfood.com.  Hint:  It's listed on the website under David Wong's Pan Asian, not just Pan Asian.The delivered food has been just as tasty as the items I've had in the restaurant.  And the food keeps really well.  Right now, I'm having some of the basil fried rice and grilled octopus salad for breakfast from the night before. :)They may be running out of proper to go containers because occasionally I get rice in a strange container (making me think upon first inspection that they forgot the rice) or the liquidy curry in a standard foam hinged carryout wrapped in a plastic bag. They usually pack it in a soup container. But it's all good because the delivery folks are pretty careful with it.  More careful than I would be.  Food is still great, but now there is delivery if you are willing to pay the delivery service charge for the third party delivery service.
5	We were regular customers of Pan Asian when they were in FL so we looked them up when travel took us to Las Vegas.  What a treat to again enjoy the warm hospitality and fantastic food that Lisa prepares.  Over the 2 yrs that we patronized their FL location, they got to know us by name along with all of our family members.  This weekend they even recalled various family members favorite dishes - including ours.  We didn't even have to tell them what we wanted to order!I am not an expert on Thai food or any Asian dishes for that matter.  I just know when something tastes good.  The food is always fresh and piping hot.  I can't take real spicy, so they have always prepared it on the mild side for me.  We have tried many of their dishes.  I encourage asking questions because David will do his best to have you order the right thing for your taste.  One of the things we have always liked is that the food differs from time to time.  That tells us it is made fresh and not taken out of the freezer and microwaved.For the sake of full disclosure, we didn't know David and Lisa when we first walked in their FL restaurant - just wanted to try the new local restaurant that opened in our neighborhood.  We now consider them friends because they are such lovely people working hard to provide a good experience for their customers.Why can't all businesses be run this way?
5	A fast, fresh, and friendly spot. The husband and wife team of David and Lisa are very friendly and talented in the kitchen. They make you feel right at home and follow through with some tasty food.My wife and I started with the tiger shrimp and mango salad with red onion, red bell pepper, and cashews. Perfection. It was savory, sweet, and spicy--everything you could ask for.We followed up with the chicken Panang curry with gorgeous green beans and bok choy. The ingredients weren't submerged in sauce, which as David explained, is how they do it where he is from in Thailand. Instead the dish is nicely coated with a healthy helping of curry, which wonderfully united the textures and flavors of the fresh vegetables and chicken.For dessert, we had tempura fried ice cream. Yup, 'nuff said.If you're after fresh and affordable food, give Pan Asian a try. I know I'll be back again and again.Did I mention it was fresh?
4	I read all the reviews and saw all the pictures - I knew I had to check this place out...So off we went to make our 30min drive to experience Pan Asian....The place is small and has shiny red booth seats that looked like they were bought at an auction from a 50's diner.  The kitchen is wide open so because of this you can see everything that the cook is doing.We ordered fried gyoza for my extra picky daughter,red curry with chicken (minus the eggplant-alergic), beef pad sew ew, & Basil Fried rice.I'm craving the Basil fried rice as I write this review. I loved that dish-The BF and I were just discussing how we love it when a dish is ordered and is seasoned well - so well that we don't have to add a condiment to the dish.Basil Fried Rice=Yumminess!!!!The Red curry was ok - the veggies in the curry were not to our liking. The owner guy (I'm guessing) noticed that we didn't eat all our pumpkin. We told him that we prefer potatoes and carrots. He said because they make  every dish fresh we can ask for them to put whatever veggies we want in our curry. I really liked hearing that-very cool!!!!The Pad See Ew was yummy as usual.The goyza was standard - I wasn't excited about this but this was all my picky child ate - so it served it's purpose. This place is very out of the way for us but I'm gonna have to get me some Basil fried rice soon....
5	My first visit here was not a disappointment.  Hubby and I were warmly greeted by David and were immediately charmed by his friendliness and good humour.  We chose the roti for an appy and the crispy duck (today's special, $19.95, probably one of the priciest items on the menu).  The roti came with a lovely curry sauce, more sweet than spicy.  Our duck was lovely, crispy, and meaty.  Accompanying the duck were three sauces: curry, hoisin, and mango (my fave), along with stir-fried bok choy, steamed rice, and tortilla wraps.  I'm so glad I shared the duck, as portions were generous.  David came by several times to refill our water glasses and to admonish us to "share our food."  He also looked at my husband valiantly nabbing julienned slices of carrot and told him: "don't waste the food."  :)The restroom was spotless, definitely a great sign for a restaurant.We will most definitely come again!
4	A majorly delayed review, I have eaten at Pan Asian at least 6 times since it opened and I have to say, if you want a noodle dish, go with the Thai Linguine with vegetables. This dish is one of the best looking (and tasting) bowls of noodles I've ever experienced. The pasta is perfectly al dente and the dish is wok seared in a light soy-sauce with spice level dialed to request. The veggies are bright and fresh: red/green bell peppers, white onions, sliced tomatoes and asparagus. This is THE dish to crave, and Chef Lisa describes it as her 'favorite' as well. First-timers are making a big mistake not ordering this one. The woks are perfectly seasoned at Pan Asian. No weird aftertastes from cheap sesame oil or five-spice here. This is something to take note of anytime there is a wok involved. Do the right thing - GET THE LINGUINE, spice level 3 and you will be good to go.
5	Had the crying tiger and roti. Very good! Will be back to try more for sure! Spotless kitchen is always a good sign and the owners David and Lisa were absolutely wonderful!
5	My boyfriend and I were craving some chinese food, so I looked on yelp, and I was shocked from all of the 5 star reviews this place has considering that it's right by my house, and I've never heard of it. We had the Vietnamese chicken ravioli for an appetizer, and they were delicious. I especially loved the sauce that you dip the ravioli in to. I will definitely be ordering these next time I go!I ordered the Pad See-Yew with beef at a 5/10 spice level. For me, I thought this was supposed to be medium, but it wasn't spicy enough. Luckily, they bought over 3 different kinds of chili sauces and spices to sprinkle onto my food to make it spicier. Much better! The beef was cooked perfectly, and so were the noodles. The combination of the hot beef, and salty noodles is one that can't be missed! My boyfriend ordered the Stir Fried Linguine with Beef. I know it's really odd for an Asian restaurant to offer linguine, but it was great. The noodles were cooked perfectly in combination with all of the vegetables. From what I tasted, it was a great dish.I'll definitely be returning!
4	This is cooking from the soul. Mix fresh ingredients with passionate cooking and what you get is one of the best Asian spots in the city. I haven't actually eaten IN the restaurant, but have gotten take out several times and each time the food has been consistently good.The best dishes I've tried have been the garlic chicken, chicken with basil sauce, and the massaman curry with chicken. On the other hand, the cashew chicken was light on cashews and the chicken ravioli was a bit bland.Portion sizes are decent and the owners are always friendly. 4.5 Stars
5	After reading the good reviews on Yelp, I decided to give Pan Asian a try.  Wow!  Fantastic!  They have DUCK.  I had the duck curry.  It was a very large portion with crispy duck skin on the outside and juicy duck meat beneath that crispy skin.  Look at the photo I posted to see the size of the meal.  Fantastic!It's a red curry with pineapple chunks, red and green bell pepper, some white grapes, some tomato chucks, and mint leaves.  I asked for a spiciness of 7 and I ended up putting some more spices on to give it the kind of kick I like.I so wanted to try the fried cheesecake for dessert but since I finished all the duck, I just didn't have room for dessert.As stated by Ken, the husband and wife operate the restaurant with him being the server and her the cook.  They are delightful people who are very friendly.I'll be back often because they have DUCK along with a lot of other good things, I'm sure.  Next time--dessert!
5	What a charming little place! The moment we walked in we were greeted with a friendly smile. Wide open kitchen where our hostess was our waitress and our cook, which was great for describing how we enjoy our dishes (extra extra spicy for me in particular). We ordered a chicken curry and the shrimp fried rice with a Thai ice tea and a Thai ice coffee. The food really is fantastic! Not too oily, fresh ingredients, tender chicken, delectably spicy! Great portions.. Was able to take a little home :)Definitely had that homemade-feel, which is always nice to have.We will be frequenting this place! Kind workers and amazing food! You will feel right at home.
4	If you like Mom and Pop shops this is your place! Good prices and good food. We ordered The Pad Kee Mao (spicy) and Basil Sauce with Chicken. Both were very good and at a very reasonable price because we bought the Yelp deal. ;) I would definitely get it, so you can try more dishes. The server was very nice and knew my friend with me from a previous experience, which definitely helped. :) I think I will go back with him just for the royal treatment. The only thing is I wish the dishes had a bit more spice, I think I ordered a 6 star, but it was bit mild. :( Next time I will order an 8. BRING ON THE SPICE!!
4	The pictures of the food here on Yelp made me think I was going to a big fancy restaurant, but it was a small mom and pop place. The waiter/owner (I think) was so friendly and enthusiastic and helpful. He had every reason to be: the food was great! I had their version of Pho, which was indeed good, just not what I was expecting. Very garlicky and flavorful. I ended up trading with my boyfriend because he loves garlic, and his dinner had a ton of fresh veggies and a light spicy sauce. I can't remember what he ordered, but it was very good and I ate every last bite! We also had the chicken ravioli, which was different but still delicious.It came with a lot of sauces, and the owner gave us a guided tour of them--"This one is very spicy, but this one is best with this dish."  The portion was a good size, too. We had a coupon from one of these websites, like $10 for $20 (boy, I'm not very helpful, am I?), so the price we paid was excellent. My bf and I were both happy customers and assured the owner we'll be back.
3	We were disappointed given the 4.5 star yelp rating, and such a long drive from the strip to get there.Aside from the entrees which qualify for the $ rating (around $9, add another $1 for a small bowl of rice), our appetizer and soup were definitely $$$.  Shrimp Tom Yum soup for 5.95 was a personal serving size; we ordered two portions for the four of us, and it was two strips each of red and green bell pepper and a total of 7 shrimps (I should have asked if one portion would be 3.5 shrimps).  Curry and pad tai noodle were of good flavors, but beef was overcooked and the dishes are definitely not 4.5 stars standard.  Afterward we became convinced that because the merchant had a paid-advertisement on yelp that it had gotten bonus points by yelp.Oh and, the place has an open kitchen, so you will smell somewhat when you leave. The first impression of it is a fast-food joint.
5	I have eaten at Pan Asian about 15+ times, and have taken several friends here. I give it 5 stars because the food is insanely good. How anyone can give the food less than 5 stars is beyond me. I am a food critic and have eaten at hundreds of restaurants. Pan Asian is up there of one of my all time favorites. How anyone can give this place less than 4 stars is beyond me. There are always going to be those negative nellys that only look for what they can complain about. I give the space and decor 4/5 stars - it is small and decor is minimal, but it works. Miso Soup, Massaman Curry, Basil Fried Rice, and a Thai Iced Tea  is my fav at the moment and what I wish I was eating right now...
5	We visit Las Vegas often and are tired of expensive meals in the large resorts. So we have made an effort to try at least one off the strip restaurant per day. We had the Garlic ginger shrimp and chicken linguine stir fry. Delicious!! They were also excellent hosts very attentive and made you feel like you were eating in their home. We really enjoyed the meal and recommend it. Its off Desert Inn and S. Durango and it was very reasonably priced.
5	My boyfriend and I moved from L.A and have been looking for a good Thai place. We have been to some around our neighborhood and they were just not up to our standards. We come across Pan Asian and that idea changed. This place has the best panang curry Ive ever had! The staff is also very nice and friendly. I asked the server if they will be able to make something that is not on the menu and he said that they would be happy to, which I love. I will definitely be ordering pad kra paw next time... I will definitely go back there and would recommend that you do too.
4	Yelp Deals saved me $10 at Pan Asian! I bought it 5 minutes before I got to the restaurant. I always really enjoy the grilled tiger prawn salad. The shrimp has a great grill flavor, the mango slices add an interesting texture and flavor, and the fish sauce based salad dressing is light. The only thing you should be aware of is it's spicy! I've ordered a 5 and I would tear and my nose would run. This time I ordered a 4, it was still spicy but tolerable and only my nose ran. I really like the roti and I think it's homemade. It comes with a curry sauce. It's a little oily but so so good.
5	Been here twice now first time we had wonton soup, the soup was light and tasty wontons were very good but were made with chicken I'd say.  Had calamari and that is killer.  Then we started on the basil fried rice tons of flavor and a touch of spiciness.  The second time we came in they recognized us even for pick up both times that means something to me in a restaurant.  This time we got sweet and sour pork, tomatoes were in this sauce and no deep fried nuggets here either.  The flavors were balanced very well my only complaint is I like a thicker sauce.  Also tried the pineapple fried rice, yeah I'm a fried rice junky.  This was one of the best I've had a little touch of curry a little sweet good stuff
5	Great food, fair prices. Even cheaper with the yelp deal. The owner and chef are really friendly. Be careful when you rank how spicy you want the food. An 8 on spice level at this restaurant is equivalent to a 10 at most other thai restaurants. I got the Tiger Shrimp Mango Salad, Tom Yum Soup, and Pad See Ew. All were delicious.
5	Pan Asian stays 5 stars for me.  I went back tonight.  It's amazing that the owners could remember me and what I ordered from one visit over a month ago.I ordered Red Curry chicken with spice level of 8 and it was excellent.  My wife had the Garlic Pepper Sauce with chicken and she enjoyed it immensely.  We shared wonton soup for a starter and we also somewhat shared dessert--tempura cheesecake.  It was rich and oh so flavorful and David promised low in calories.  :-)This is a special place with owners who are just so pleasant!
5	Good food..portions were small but food was up to my standards
4	This place is small, and kind of far from the strip, about 15 minute or more drive (farther than it looks on the map). But the food is pretty good! i love how they have like chinese, vietnamese, thai, and whatever else kind of cuisine that i forgot.And the waiter is sooo nice! Like moving-table- for-us-cause-we-were-a-group-of-10 kind of nice. And quite welcoming :) he asked us where we were from and if we made any money yet. Haha! We were all happy with the prices and they were very accommodating with a big group. No lunch specials on weekends though but that's a given! Good service tooooo! Would come back here too! Try the pad see ew :)
4	The food was pretty good, i gotta say the Malaysian roti thing was really  good specially the sauce but i have had it cheaper at other places, Then i had basil fried rice which was one of the better ones I've had, being a big Thai food fan. My friend also got the Thai linguine which was good but nothing to be too excited about. My favorite was the Pa cha with thilapia that's a must have. Unfortunately the duck was off the menu that day so might be back to try that another day. I have to say price vise i have had cheaper Thai food at few other places just as good as this, but this is one of the better place. I think most of the food is Thai based even though it says pan asian, except for the linguine, ravioli, roti and few other stuff.
4	So It's always a treat to walk into a new asian restaurant and find a new flavor or variation to a dish you already love. What's REALLY impressive is when you find items of food that are from a different region and type, but just as delicious. This is exactly what happened here:Naan bread from India with a secret sweet sauce that I've never had before. Delicious. Not only is a different food region, its a variation on a great app! Can I have seconds please?Not only this but the owner is a nice and charming fellow with a killer stash. Believe me when I tell you, he makes all of us men in the month of MOvember turn green with envy. The decor is very nice and the whole place smells and looks very clean. Like Mr. Clean just made a pass at it. I will seriously return here soon.
4	Just stopped in for a quick lunch and the food quality was great, tastes were fantastic and prices were reasonable. I will have to return for dinner so I can sample more of the menu. The owners told us that they are planning an official grand opening next week. Welcome to Las Vegas.
4	Stumbled across this through Yelp deals. Arrived in time for their lunch specials. Tried the Singapore noodles, Pad Thai, and Red Curry chicken. I highly recommend the Red Curry- as others have noted, it is very unique in that it includes pumpkin and cashew nuts. Great little mom n pop restaurant. Husband takes the orders while his wife works her magic in the kitchen. It is a bit of a drive (15 min) from the strip, but well worth the trip if you are in the mood for some Thai food. The menu boasts other types of cuisine but I feel their Thai flavors stand out more.
5	Awesome food.. Great place.. The staff is friendly.. Must try Thai tea :)
4	My boyfriend discovered this place near his office so I decided to check out the reviews on Yelp. I scored a yelp deal and got some $20 gift certificates for $10 each. The first time we went we ordered the Grilled Squid Salad, Malaysian Yellow Curry and Red Nah Noodles. All were good but the squid in the grilled squid salad was amazing! The second time we visited we order the Seafood Soup and the Crying Tiger Salad. The owner also suggested we try the Vietnamese Style Chicken Wings (which was not on the menu). Once again, the squid in the soup was excellent--very tender. Overall, I'd recommend this place to my friends if they want an alternative to Archi's, Pin Kaow or the like but within the same price range. I'd also recommend finding the Yelp deal that I did: $10 for $20 worth of food. Also, I'd like to mention that the Owners are very friendly and remembered us from a month ago when we first visited.
4	I have been dragged to this location on several occasions by my girl. It's usually when I'm in the mood to stay home and she's craving Thai. I hem and haw, but I'm always glad to come here. The food is really good and not too expensive. I have tried several different dishes and have never been disappointed. A must is always the roti, but the noodles and fish dishes are solid too.
5	Over indulgence on spectacular food is easy at Pan Asian. My sister is back in town and I have my eating partner back. We share the same philosophy of sharing food to maximize our chances of trying multiple dishes and sometimes to cut back on calories. We will even order one dish at one restaurant and move to another to try something else.Not here at Pan Asian. We sat down and ordered enough to keep us full the whole day. They are running a special with Yelp, a $10 for $20. This is steal because you can get a whole lot of food for twenty. We started off with their famous chicken wings. 7 or 8 large meaty wings came out, fried to perfection, and NON-BREADED. I hate breaded wings because they get soggy fast. These were some of the best wings I have ever had. They come with a side of thousand island. My sister and I normally don't like mayo, but we lightly smeared on a bit. If that was not enough, I had ordered the level 7 Tofu Massaman Curry. It was no inferno, but it had the creep up on you heat. There is a genuine point to their scale. I am tired of ordering a ten and wondering where the spice is. The sweet potato were soft, the avocado creamy, and the tofu lightly fried. In the end, the sauce was all that was left and I ended up spooning that on top of the Fried Clear Noodles. My sister even ate a full bowl of rice because the curry was just that good. Most of the time she eats half a bowl and feigns being full. I am beginning to learn that usual habits will go out the window when you enter the door.It was cool because we witnessed them filming a segment on local eats. Look for Doreen Fang's blog to watch the spot on Pan Asian. There were some delays in order being made because of it, but it was like being in the audience of a cooking show. Speaking with Doreen after was awesome because she is putting a lot of emphasis on local mom and pop shops.
4	Oh Pan-Asian I wasn't sure what to take from you. The first app (Vietmanese Chicken Ravioli) we ordered was really, I mean really bland. Not even the hot sauce could redeem it. Great concept but no flavor whatsoever. The Tiger Shrimp Mango Salad was incredible until I ate a piece of Shrimp. I personally didn't like the grilled taste because the charred pieces really throw off the rest of the salad. If the shrimp was sauteed, man oh man I would order this all the time. It's a perfect blend of sweet and sour. Now I love Basil fried rice and this comes to a close second for best Basil fried rice (Archi's). The yellow curry was surprisingly good as well. I only saw a couple issues with this place. 1) if you come with more than 3 people you have to sit next to the door. The day we went, we had to sit next to the door. No bueno. 2) Their spicy rating scale is scaled way down. Ordered 8 & 9 but tasted like a 2 or 3 to me. I had even toned it down for the people accompanying me to dinner, normally I do a 10 plus add more hot sauce. The owner is awesome and it's fun watching the chef do her thing. We did the Yelp deal and um we spent more than we thought. Dang deals make you think you're getting a deal then you order a number of dishes to later realize that the deal true only buys 2 entrees :(
1	yes, it's a one star and it's to stand against the five star reviews because I had the flip side of the coin experience.we went in and the chef was in a frenzy because she was also the waiter.  I felt a little bad because 10 people came in the space of five minutes so, put her in an awkward spot.  I tried ordering an app the scallop one looked good and she told me she ran out of scallops. I asked if she could substitute it with something else.  I was told it wouldn't be possible because she was too busy between taking orders and cooking.That seemed reasonable enough.  little disappointed but no fazed.  I ordered the chicken ravioli which is a misnomer because it's straight up chinese dumplings.  they were bland like the other yelpers mentioned. I ordered the linguini and red curry.  I asked for the red curry spicy number one.I got the linguini and it was too spicy.  She took it back and told me "you should know basil sauce is spicy." no, i didn't know I should know.  the male owner came by and said the same thing.  I told him he should mark it on the menu as spicy.  then he went on to say that each dish is authentic and they don't cater to americans.  that was the end for me.but, the food?the linguini that I had one bite of tasted like pad see ew with al dente pad thai noodles.  I don't get what anyone is praising it over.  I don't think using linguini noodles and keeping the traditional recipe categorize it as fusion.the red curry was thin.  good flavor though.  i hate thin curry.  my experience went from mediocre to bad.  I'm not trying to bash the owners but, mediocre thai food plus bad experience is a bad combo.The best thai still is komol, lotus of siam, thai place on washington and decatur (forgot the name) and siri (a great neighborhood thai place) in that order.
2	This is a cozy mom and pop's type of place off the strip which has its charm. I'm sad to say I won't be returning, because the food simply was not good.Let's see... what did we order:Filet Mignon Pho.  Sounds fancy and awesome, right?  It would be if the broth wasn't watered down and the noodles didn't appear to have been soaking for a while.  The beef was also overcooked.  You can probably get a better bowl of pho at a generic Pho 99, filet mignon or not.Yellow Curry with Chicken. Not much flavor.  The curry sauce was watery, kind of like what happens when you cook meat with the lid on and all the juices from the meat waters down the sauce.  So I guess the dish was more like Yellow Chicken Juice with Chicken.  I can honestly make better curry out of cans at home.Red Curry with Shrimp.  Also not much flavor and very watered down. I don't get how people think this is restaurant is worthy of five stars?We also got some random appetizers and everything was average at best.  Bland is the word I would use to describe the food here.I really wanted to like this place, but sorry, I just couldn't do it.
4	Finally! A great Thai place close to my work that handles takeout orders fast and efficiently. I used to get takeout from Archi's but it proved to be too cumbersome with the order mistakes and time having to wait once i arrived. Pan Asian blew me away! The pad see ew that I ordered was delicious, hot and generously portioned. I called the order in as I left work and by the time I walked in it was ready. The cashier recognized me somehow because he knew where I worked, and no I didn't have my badge on! Service was friendly and I was back to work at my desk within 20 minutes of when I left. I am so going to start trying this places other dishes.
5	Awesome, some of the best thai food I've ever had.  The owner is usually working and is an awesome guy.  The panang curry is some of my favorite ever.  Every dish I've had was great, and you have to try the fried cheesecake! omnom!
5	Read some great reviews about Pan Asian on Yelp, thanks everyone. This place is F-ing great. We basically walked in and the owner and his wife cooked us dinner. It was just as if we had gone to their house for dinner. We had shrimp veggie egg rolls, I had pineapple fried rice and she had the red curry with pumpkin and eggplant. The curry was amazing, although their 1-5 heat scale is hotter than you expect, if you like 4, get a 3 possibly, the owner even said something about them being a "spicier thai restaurant". overall 5 stars because of the experience and the amazing food.
5	Excellent authentic Thai Mom and Pop (Lisa and David) restaurant!
4	Holy crap! The other Yelpers aren't kidding when they say this place is great. Pan Asian is tucked away in a strip mall and it's easy to miss if you're not looking for it. But it's definitely worth seeking out! The owner wasn't the friendliest which usually stands out in my mind, but the food was so amazing that I quickly forgave and forgot.The restaurant itself is very small with limited seating and has a sort of "fast food" feel to it (maybe like a step or two up from the atmosphere of a Subway restaurant.) Although, I believe they do offer waiter-service if you choose to eat inside. It's also very clean and the kitchen is wide open, which I thought was neat. Overall, it's a perfect lunch-spot but certainly not somewhere you'd take a date.I ordered my food to-go and went off the menu that's posted on the wall. I ordered the fried calamari, the stir-fried linguine and the crying tiger salad. The calamari was very bland and the dipping sauce didn't help it out much at all. But the linguine and the salad made up for it with flying colors! I ordered the linguine at a spicy-level of 8 which is perfect for me at every other Thai restaurant I've been to in Las Vegas because I loooove spicy, but Pan Asian does not mess around. An 8 set my mouth on fire, but the dish was still so freaking delicious that I ate it anyway, gulping water in between each bite. I will definitely order it again but probably at a spicy level of 5 or 6 next time.I ordered the crying tiger salad for my husband (at a spicy level of 3) but it seriously had to be the best salad I've ever had because I couldn't stop stealing bites from him. I don't know how they made the dressing but it's incredible. I truly believe that even people who aren't huge fans of salad (like me) would love this. It's just drenched in flavor. That's the best I can describe it.Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place and I'll definitely be going back next time I'm in the area. Two thumbs up for Pan Asian!
4	Used the Yelp deal here.  I dig this place.  It's way smaller than I had anticipated, but it makes everything seem more cozy.  They make everything fresh and there is only one cook in the kitchen, so my only complaint is that the food can take a little long to come out, but it is well worth it.The red curry has eggplant and pumpkin in it!  I was surprised at the ingredients since I'm so used to just bell pepper and bamboo in my red curry, but the owner told me that's how the royals eat it and he didn't want to put that "cheap stuff" in there.  I may have a hard time eating red curry anywhere else now!  The pumpkin is so good and unexpected in it.  I've also tried their linguine dish, which was flavorful and tasty.  It really reminded me of Pad Kea Mow at Archi's Thai.  Their pho was ok, but I am so partial to Pho So 1, that it's tough to impress me with pho.The food is great and the owner is very friendly.  He remembers everyone who walks through the door!  He really pays attention to his food and his customers, which is much appreciated by this patron.
4	The best Thai food in Vegas.
4	Eating here was a good experience.  I bought the Yelp Deal: $20 for $10.  I've decided that Groupon mostly sends you to places that are having troubles for a reason.  That is, I'm usually disappointed with the Groupon experiences.  Yelp Deals, on the other hand, have turned out pretty good so far.  This place is a little far from home.  Usually, if I drive this far then I just go on down to Chinatown.  Parking was ok.  Upon entering I turned to my girlfriend and commented about how this was probably going to be a bad experience because the place was totally empty.  It was around 6:45 pm on Tuesday.  But, we settled in determined to give it a fair try.  I began noticing all of the nice things about the place.  It was nicely decorated.  I assume the owner did the decorating.  I describe it as contemporary Asian.  It was not high end Vegas strip decorating style, but more like well put together do it yourself style.  The kitchen was in full view of the dining area.  I always like that.  I cringe to think what goes on out of sight.  So many restaurant shows today let us normal people peek behind the curtain and witness the often disgusting truth.  Also, I was delighted to see Asian people making Asian food.  At least makes me believe I'm in for authentic flavors.  Modern music played lightly over the audio system.  It was pleasant.  I assume the man waiting on us was the owner, David Wong.  He was very friendly and attentive.  He did a really good job.  He tried very hard to give us a great experience.  Every item on the menu was under $11.  That's pretty good.  I like good food, but I enjoy it even better when I feel like I'm getting a good deal.  The menu had a variety of Asian dishes, as the name implies: Thai, Malaysian, Vietnamese, etc.  We ordered two dishes.  The first was Filet Mignon Pho.  It was a Thai version of Vietnamese Pho.  My Thai girlfriend explained that the abundance of roasted garlic was a signature difference.  The sauces were all added before serving.  The veggies were slightly different (can't explain) and the meat was filet mignon (Wow! Step It Up!).  The noodles were cooked just right.  I enjoyed the Pho, but there are way better places to get Pho in this town.  The second dish was Basil Sauace Stir Fry.  It had chicken, sweet basil, garlic, chili tomatoes, and long beans served with rice.  Spiciness was 8 out of 10.  It was really tasty.  I specifically enjoyed the fresh veggies.  My only complaint was that the dish had too much oil.  I realized just how much after we finished the dish and were left staring at the puddle before us.  It made me feel a little bad about something I had just enjoyed.  We were pretty much full, but wanted to spend at least $20 for the Yelp deal so we ordered another entree.  We had asked the server earlier what their signature dish was.  He recommended the Pad-See-Yaw.  So, that's what we ordered.  It was pan-fried flat noodles with pork, broccoli, black soy beans, and egg.  My girlfriend explained that this dish is commonly ordered by Caucasians at Thai restaurants.  She was surprised that I had never heard of it (we usually eat Thai food at her house, not restaurants).  It was very sweet.  My girlfriend and the server had a quick conversation in Thai.  He asked if we wanted a dessert.  We said no, but I thought the sweet Pad-See-Yaw was dessert.  After he left, my girlfriend explained that she told him it was too sweet and he replied that its how Americans like it.  I thought that was funny.  We were already full when the third dish came out so we tasted it and put it in a to go box.  The server came by and chatted with us for a while.  He explained that he had been open for about nine months.  Before that he had a successful high end Asian restaurant in Florida.  Articles hung on the wall behind us explaining it.  By the time we left it had become pretty busy.  The place had four or five more couples and a few take out customers came through.  Overall, it was a good experience.  The server was attentive and the food came out fast.  The menu was very affordable.  The decorations were interesting and inviting.  I really wanted to give it five starts, but  the food was good, not great.  Its worth a try.
5	The beauty of Yelp is that you can discover great places that you drive right by all the time, hiding in plain sight.  This is the case with Pan Asian.  It's been one of my bookmarked places for quite a while and I finally got to experience it for myself last night.  Arriving there around 7:30pm and armed with the Yelp deal, my boyfriend and I were the third party seated in the restaurant.  As other reviews have already stated, Pan Asian is run by a husband and wife team and that's it!  He's the host and waiter and she's the chef.  I already knew that we had to try the tiger mango shrimp salad and the Thai Linguine because I trust most Yelpers and those dishes were highly recommended.  Let me tell you, I felt like we hit the jackpot again!  If I could have that salad every day, I would!  It had real greens, not the wanna-be iceberg lettuce.  The mango and grilled shrimp combined to make it one of the best salads I've had, light and savory.  We ordered the Thai Linguine with shrimp and not spicy AT ALL, because I'm wimpy that way.  This dish, too, was great.  I'm usually boring and order Pad Thai when I have Thai food, but not when I return here, and, yes, I will definitely be back!  It's the kind of place that you want to return to again and again to see how everything else on the menu tastes.  I just hope that not everyone crowds over there all at once; Lisa is, after all, a one-woman show in the kitchen!  Enjoy!
4	Pan Asian is a nice little, husband and wife run (the wife is the cook, and the husband runs the orders and register), neighborhood place that provides quality food.  The restaurant isn't fancy, and I've never seen the restaurant close to full except during lunch time, but it is clean, and the food is tasty and plentiful.  It's located in a strip mall, and the parking can get a little strange at time (you have to experience it to understand).Pan Asian competes with "Archie's" Thai restaurant which is about a mile away.  Pan Asian's Pad Thai, is much tastier than Archies, being sweet, spicy, and savory.  However Archies curry has a far greater depth of flavor than Pan Asian.  The one thing that sets Pan Asian apart is the feeling of personal service.  You can feel that they care about you as a customer and work hard for your repeat business, making you want to support this local restaurant.  Due to the low volume of business that I have observed, I would be surprised if this restaurant survives.  However, do yourself a favor and visit the restaurant.  The menu spans Thai with a flare of Viet Nam.  Ask the owner for his recommendation, you might be introduced to a foodie treat that you've never experienced.
5	It may seem like a broken record after seeing all the other reviews, but they got it right on the head! Excellent food, unbelievable service, very fair pricing... 5.95 for Filet Mignon Pho? Really? Stop reading and just go!
3	I have been waiting for a chance to try out this restaurant.  Finally, I got the yelp deal where you purchase $20 worth of food for $10.We were the first customers on a Sunday morning.  These are the items we ordered, for 2:-Curry chicken and roti- Wow.  The roti was fluffy and crispy.  Dip this into the sweet and flavorful curry and you get one of the best roti & curry combination there is to be eaten.  I can eat this until my oil intake reaches its limit.Tom Kha Chicken Soup-not quite the flavor I was expecting.  Or, not quite as flavorful as I was hoping.  It was just limey.  Had better.Chicken Panang Curry-I am used to having more of the coconut taste to the Panang.  I didn't get much of the coconut here.  Not a huge fan.Overall, it was a decent lunch.  I will come back to try other items and rate accordingly.
4	I have been wanting to try this place based on yelp reviews. It was the best Thai food that I've had in Vegas (yes, I been to Archie's, Pin Kaow, Lotus of Siam). I'm from Chicago and started my love of Thai food there. It was then cultivated in San Francisco for 10 years when I moved there for work. So, I would like to think that I know good Thai food. I ordered the pad sew ew and the massaman curry both with tofu and at level 6 of spiciness. The husband, David(?), said this would be spicy...is that ok? It was, and they both were delicious. The noodle dish is my "go-to" Thai dish and I tried this curry dish over my usual go-to, yellow curry. The reason I picked this one is it had potatoes and peppers (like yellow curry) but, it also had....nuts, cashews I think, and ..... avocados! Yum-I don't think I've ever had avocados in my Thai food before-it worked.They have other types of Asian dishes but, when I saw the Thai stuff, had to try it. I would definitely recommend as it was really good and we need to keep these good mom and pop places going in this crap economy.
5	Now didn't I tell you we'd be back?  Eight months is really too long though.  We were down in the area a week ago and Yelped for local eats.  We saw the deal going on ($10 for $20 worth).  I immediately bought the deal knowing that we would have to venture back soon (we decided to try a new restaurant that day).  We made our way back today and tagged a newbie along.  The place was empty but it was only 5pm on a Sunday.  The owners were great just like the last time.  David even remembered us from our one visit (8 months ago) and my initial review on the place.  *blush*  Anyway, this is what we had:Crying Tigers (again) - still oh so goodPad Sew-Yee (or something) with beef/spice level 4 - very good, will probably go up to spice level 6 next timeMalaysian Yellow Curry with chicken/spice level 4 - very good, thought about getting another to go for later cravings (I do live about 25-30 from this glorious place).Tempura Cheesecake - *sigh* so bad for the body but so good for the mouth!As you can see my dedication to delightful and unique foods will force me to drive...almost anywhere.  I wish I could visit more often.  And the prices are just right.  An average plate is $7-$9 (I tend to round up when I see $8.95, just so you know).David, thanks for the wonderful service and please, give our compliments to the chef.  ;)
5	Great food and the owner was very nice.  We went in to order and got food very fast! highly recommended!
5	What can we do to make this place busier???  I actually WANT it to be hard to get a table here because it deserves to be packed.  The food and warm hospitality make it such a rarity in the Valley!
5	We have had a few meals here and all have been really good. The ingredients are fresh. The menu offers a good variety of dishes. The restaurant is small, cute and clean. I really like the open kitchen.
5	These people know how to bring the flavor!  Calamari was exquisite as well as the seafood soup. If you don't like spicy be sure to let them know! I asked for drunken noodles ( not on the menu and they had no problem making it for me.
5	Yummy!
5	It's our 4th yr anniversary and I persuaded my hubby to watch a Filipino movie which is only shown in summerlin theater, far from where we live. And I searched the area for a good restaurant that is not expensive. I read the reviews about pan asian and got convinced to try it and with the $20 for $10 deal it sounds really good. We got there and greeted by the owner, very pleasing and smiling all the time, felt very welcomed. It's fish Friday so I ordered mostly seafood. Menu prices are all less than $10 but when the food arrived they look so fancy and elegant. I was really impressed and the taste is very good, not your typical Asian cooking where it taste good coz of MSG ... this one, their food taste good because it's fresh and true flavors of the ingredients. My hubby who is not a foodie like me was very impressed too and could not stop eating and after each bite he literally say "this is so good" in each bite he takes. Even if this is far from our house, we would definitely go back here and buy more of the coupon deal. Calamari is very good, crunchy breading that is just the right amount of coating. Pad Thai is amazing, not the usual yellowish flat noodles in other thai resto, but the flavors are so good together I can eat the noodles by itself even without the meat which means even if I order chicken or shrimp pad Thai I'm sure it will still be very good. Red snapper was very tasty and the sauce super good. Owners are very friendly and inviting, I felt like I was eating at home with Asian family ;0)
4	"We're not playing around here."  That is what Mr. David Wong said to us as we were ordering our food (warning us to be careful on ordering spicy level).  How awesome is that?!  He warned us but we still ordered food at a varying levels from 3-7 spicy level.  All of us were completely satisfied after we scarfed everything down.We're a bunch of pigs so we ordered the following dishes for family style sharing:1.  Crying Tiger - This is a refreshing salad of seared beef with greens and tangy spicy dressing2.  Malaysian Roti - Deep fried dough with lovely potato curry3.  Basil Fried Rice - Yea!  Bring on the heat and flavor!4.  Spicy Basil with chicken - Yummy stir fry with a bunch of different greens 5.  Black Pepper Chicken - Similar to the spicy basil stir fry but more black bean sauce.6.  Pineapple Fried Rice - This had a very pleasant aroma of curry and pineapple. Delish!7.  Red Snapper - Delicious seafood in a non-fancy restaurant?  It sure it.  It was deep fried with tangy sweet and sour sauce.8.  Duck Curry - This was my fav of the night!  This duck was cooked with LOVE!  The skin was perfectly crunchy and when paired with the curry sauce, it was heaven.9.  Tempura Icecream - Standard deep fried yumminess10.  Tempura Cheesecake - Standard deep fried yumminessConclusion:  It's impressive that a restaurant can offer so many different Asian dishes and do them all so well!  Sorry Michelle's waistline, this restaurant is around the corner, so we're coming more often!
5	What brought me to this place which is about 7 miles west of the the Strip, was a Yelp deal I stumbled upon.  $10 for a $20 gift certificate?  I'm no fool, but that is a great deal!  My hubby and I dined here for lunch on Saturday, March 3rd.  Since we were the only ones dining at the restaurant at the time, we had the choice of sitting where we wanted to which was nice.  This place has a real mom and pop shop type of feel to it. The gentleman who waited on us (I think he may have been one of the owners) was really friendly and helpful.  My hubby and I ordered their Chicken Satay, Garlic Pepper chicken and their Grilled Tiger Shrimp Mango Salad and hot tea. CHICKEN SATAY:  I loved how they used white meat chicken for this.  It was moist, juicy and flavorful.  The peanut sauce tasted fresh and was delicious.  The best peanut sauce ever!  The cucumber relish was also very fresh and complimented this dish very nicely.GRILLED TIGER SHRIMP MANGO SALAD:  OMG!  A MUST ORDER!!!!  This was probably one of the best Thai style salads I have ever had.  It has baby greens, cashew nuts, mango, red onions, sweet peppers, Asian herbs and chili lime dressing. I loved how it combined the sweetness of the mango, with the spicy, tanginess  of the dressing.  Definitely a flavor match made in heaven.  According to our server, their dressing is homemade.  DAMN!  I wish I could take a bottle of it home!  A warning though, we ordered a spice level of 3 for the salad and the heat sneaks up on you!!  LOL!  Though my tongue was on fire, I could not stop eating it as it was that GOOD!CHICKEN IN GARLIC PEPPER SAUCE:  Another winner.  If you love garlic, then this is definitely a dish for you!  Full of flavor and just plain yum!  Again, I loved how they use white meat chicken in this dish.  HOT TEA:  Very good.  It has a unique, floral taste to it.  FINAL VERDICT:  WORTH THE DRIVE FROM THE STRIP!  GREAT FOOD, GREAT PRICES (WAY CHEAPER THAN ANYTHING ON THE STRIP), FRIENDLY SERVICE AND CLEAN ENVIRONMENT!!!  Can't wait to come back!!!  :)
3	Pan Asian replaced a falafel restaurant. We were the only customers at the time of our visit. We ordered the spring rolls which came on a bed of wilted , limp brown spotted lettuce which made me worry if the Red Snapper we ordered was going to be fishy. The fish was fresh but was extremely small in size. Considering the plate cost is $22.00 it was very disappointing. The veggies that came with the snapper were also limp, a sign that they were not fresh. All in all pretty disappointing
5	I'm going to keep this short. I love Thai food and this is by far the best Thai I have ever had anywhere. My wife is a military brat who lived in Thailand for about four years. She thinks this is the real deal as well. Lastly, all the nice things said about the owners are true. Great people and great Thai food! I wish I could eat here every day!
4	OMG... i loved the food.  It's fresh and delicious!  My friends and I ordered beef black bean sauce, tofu pad thai, shrimp linguine,  and chicken ravioli for an appetizer.  We also ordered the fried ice cream and sweet rice with mango! The owner was very nice and suggested what we should order and how much spicy we should go.  We used a yelp deal, so our check was cheap.... but definitely worth going back to try different dishes!
5	After last night's fiasco at Lily's Thai-Vietnamese-Chinese restaurant, I had to think twice about trying another Thai-Vietnamese-Japanese fusion place so soon, BUT the $10 for $20 Yelp offer and the 4.5star rating after hundreds of reviews, I decided to give David Wong's Pan Asian a chance and I AM SO GLAD I DID! The food was SO DELICIOUS that we actually went back there the next night bringing the rest of the crew JUST so they can try the CRYING TIGER SALAD! Me & my family have now found a new fave place to eat! We ordered various items on the menu, and they were all good, food was freshly made and NO MSG! I am just going to give you a run down of MAI FAVES though, so here goes, definitely try the Roti, it comes with a  lightly sweet Malaysian yellow curry dipping sauce, the curries were really good too, we tried the massaman, & the panang, & the Pad See Ew was so flavorful , we tried the shrimp tiger salad with mangoes, that was delicious as well, but I have to say that the STAR of the dinner table was the Crying Tiger Salad, the steak was cooked just right, it melted in your mouth, you can tell it's char broiled, the dressing was phenomenal! I have to warn you though,they don't call it Crying Tiger for nothing, be careful when ordering your spice # coz the spiciness will make a tiger cry! I had # 3 and it was SPICY but good! My crazy husband dared to get # 4! Most of their menu items are spicy, so if you are not into spicy food your choices will be limited, but the owners and chef are VERY accommodating and will try to cater to your specific needs. Oh, and yes dessert, we definitely had room for dessert. We tried the fried ice cream as well as the fried cheesecake, I definitely like the fried cheese cake better, although we did clean both plates, Hungry much? We are definitely coming back to this place, it is pretty small, but I like to call it cozy, oh & YES they speak very fluent English! You can see the chef, who is David Wong's wife, lovingly preparing the meal you are about to chow down. You can clearly tell that she puts her heart & soul into her cooking, even though this is a small mom & pop restaurant all the dishes are presented like a work of art. They take pride in their product that is why they give it their best. So if you are having second thoughts, banish those fears from your brain, try this place out and you will discover a gem in the middle of Sahara.
4	Food was very good, but very spicy. We had a spice level of 3 out of 10, and it was still very spicy, and we are from New Orleans.  Watch the spice level & you will love it. Very casual.
5	Awesome little mom and pop shop! I came here based on a recommendation from Dan P. and I'm so glad I did!They have a small but varied menu that works toward their advantage. I love not being overwhelmed and knowing that the menu is small because they things they do have, they do well and put a lot of care into.The day I went they were out of the scallops appetizer. From the sound of it, I'm not sure they'll be having this around ever since it apparently doesn't get ordered much. Next time I'll definitely try the Vietnamese ravioli based on other reviews.I went with my boyfriend when we were starving (which in no way affects this review..) and we shared the Pad See Ew with shrimp and the yellow curry with chicken. While we were waiting our waters were always kept full and shortly after ordering our food comes out. Oh my golly. The noodles were a little sweeter than I was expecting, but deliciously smokey and a little chewy with crunchy pieces of broccoli throughout.. perfect. The curry was on the thinner side which is to be expected, and was perfect over the jasmine rice that came with it. It's a curry done right.. I won't wax poetic on you.There's not much to be said that hasn't already been said in previous reviews except this.. which I will repeat: Go there. Go now. Get happy.
5	Pan Asian is a place where it fully deserves its high rating on Yelp. The service is excellent, the food is freshly prepared, and the atmosphere is casual, yet inviting.Try the homemade red curry or lad nar (red nah in some Romanizations on menus). You won't be disappointed!
5	Crying Tiger Saland is very good
5	I have a friend who like to eat good food as much as I do.  So when he recommended Pan Asian to me I agreed to give it a try.  It is a 25 minute drive from where I live to the restaurant, I have to drive through Chinatown to get there.  Its worth the drive.   David and Lisa are husband and wife and the owners of the place.  The kitchen is open so you can see exactly what is going on.  It is very clean.  They will make you feel like family.  David makes it a point to know everyone by name and the next time you come in he will ask about the people that were there last time.  The food is top notch I have eaten at several Thai restaurants including one in town that is a favorite on the food network channel, there is nothing that is close to the quality of food that Chef Lisa prepares.  She will vary the heat according to your taste.  I like an 8 on most things, in the soup it is a slow heat that builds.  She uses fresh Thai peppers and they do not release their heat immediately, so be careful.  I normally order one of the soups to start an entree and then dessert.  The Fishball and Beef Noodle Soups are both excellent.  They are always asking us to try something new, that isn't on the menu.  The Red and Duck Curries are incredible.  Each of the ingredients maintains its individual flavor and yet they all work together.  Sometimes they have a Key Lime Pie in a small cup it is yummy.  Maybe if I mention it enough people will ask for it and they will have it all of the time.  It is the perfect compliment to the spicy food.  The Sticky Rice with Mango and sesame seeds is very nice.  There is a little bit of sea salt that accents the warm sticky rice and the ice cold mango with coconut milk. If I find something that I don't like I will let you know but so far everything that I have tried I would eat again.  it is getting tougher to get through the menu as I go back to what I have eaten before.
4	The rating should be a 4.5.  Dave's name may be on the marquee, but it is Lisa who creates culinary magic in the kitchen. He handles the phone and serves as waiter in this tiny, informal restaurant.  Based on what I have read, you are best served by sticking to the Thai entrees.  My wife and I decided to share orders of Massaman curry with chicken and stir fry linguini with vegetables and shrimp. The curry included avocado, sweet potatoes, cashews, coconut milk and peppers. All the ingredients were very fresh and delicious. This restaurant is a true mom and pop operation and I hope it succeeds.  I used the yelp deal.
2	I tried three items from David Wong`s Pan Asian, and I'm still deciding what I think. It's not bad, and others rave about this place.  Won ton soup:The broth and vegetables were nice. Bok choy must be the prettiest vegetable on earth. The dumplings/won tons were not enjoyable, though, and they are the heart of the soup. I found them to be absolutely flavorless. Fried tofu: I've had fried tofu before, in tofu massaman.  Separately, however, I hated it!  I can't blame the restaurant for this- I may just not be a fan of fried tofu. It had NO flavor whatsoever. Thank goodness for the attractive, slightly spicy and very tasty sauce  that came with it, otherwise I might have thrown the tofu away.Massaman:  The potatoes were fully cooked, and that's important, since almost every massaman I've had in restaurants included undercooked potatoes. These potatoes are attractively cut, too.  I also detected thick carrots and - possibly- sweet potato mixed in with a few pieces of chicken and bell pepper.  I was disappointed in the thin sauce, and wish the portion size had been a bit larger. The flavor was all right, but I've tasted massaman elsewhere that I liked much better.  My friend tried the pho and loved it.The delivery guy said this is a popular restaurant, so I'll likely try it again to see what everyone is raving about.
5	Wow!  Awesome Asian food.  We had to try because of the great  reviews.  Glad we did!  Very fresh and tasty ingredients.  Also had chicken garlic pepper at a level 2.  Spicy but great!  Husband got Malaysian curry with chicken at level 4 and loved it!  When are you opening up a restaurant in Milwaukee ;)
5	Awesome food as always.. husband and wife work the kitchen together.  They're amazing and very accommodating.  Wife read our palms tonight. I don't believe in that, but it was very cool of her to come out of the kitchen. By the way, food is awesome
4	Good price, good food. Coconut shrimp were great! The owners & the rest of the staff were very friendly. Beef w/ garlic sauce was nice & spicy - we ordered it at a 5 on the 1-10 spicy scale & that was perfect if you like spicy. Pad Thai w/ chicken was also very good. Definitely will eat here again :)
5	The food is great. I recommend the pad thai. The one thing i didn't like was the kitchen set up but then again the restaurant is fairly new.
5	Best Thai I have ever had by far. Their red chicken curry is perhaps the best thing I have ever eaten. Love their lunch specials. Very spicy so you may want to go down a number or two from your normal preference.  Great service, food, and prices. Just check your bag, they have forgotten my rice a few times when I have larger orders :)
4	This place is sure a hole in the wall. If your  not a native to Vegas it's like an adventure here but worth it. The chefs are two women who definitely knows what they are doing! Looks very professional and gourmet. If the guy ask you how spicy you want it? i recommend the mild, they serve it spicy if you say "spicy"! *WARNING* This place was great and good for family style.
5	Absolutely amazing food and service. Searched Yelp, and saw the great reviews. We got the lunch specials. DW fried rice, which had shrimp and chicken in it, as well as spicy red curry with shrimp. Both were so flavorful. I have never had such good fried rice. The staff was super friendly, and the place is very clean and inviting.
4	Awesome authentic SE Asian meals. I went with a red curry and satay... Both were delicious. Having just returned from a trip to Asia, my palate was well prepared to compare. Do yourself a favor and try
5	PAN ASIAN IS THE BEST. Forget Panda Express, forget P.F. Chang's, forget about any of those sometimes questionable asian buffets, they are mediocre at best.My girlfriend and I found this place almost a year ago now, and I have to admit I was skeptical at first. However, this place is delish! I enjoy Asian cuisine from time to time, yet I could eat here everyday for the rest of my life -- Chef Lisa is that damn good! The owner David Wong is very nice too! I should've reviewed this place long ago, as we've eaten here dozens of times. I would say top 5 all-time favorite places to eat, period. Very authentic, very fresh.FAV's:DW Fried Rice, THAI HOT times 1,000 w/lime (still not hot enough).I was never a fan of curry, but my gf says it's great!Garlic/pepper tofu is amazing (you could have chicken instead).Fried ice cream doesn't disappoint.Good for vegans/vegetarians, or meat eaters.Basically, go here and eat. Do it. DOOOO IT NOW!!!
5	OK, It has been a year nearly that I hace been coming here. It is likely one of my two or three favorite restaurants in Las Vegas, and is my favorite Thai restaurant, period.An update, it is busier now, and Lisa (the chef) still does the cooking herself, so it may take longer than before. It is well worth the wait. Some of my favorites: the Crying Tiger salad, the Shrimp Ravioli, the Pad Thai (it was pink!), the Pad Cha with fish  (sp? and not on the menu), the crispy duck, any duck, and, yes, the stir fried linguini with asparagus is a real favorite. They are friendly, the food is fantastic, it is made with love, care, and good ingredients, and the kitchen is open. In a world where I am concerned with what goes on in the kitchen of many restaurants, this place shines.Keep it up David and Lisa!
5	I've been here several times even though the drive is a little far for me for lunch.  I feel a little guilty whenever I go for weeks or even months without visiting because I enjoy it so much, but damn have you seen the price of gas lately?  Excuses, excuses.  Anyway, onto the food:   I've tended to stick to the lunch specials which I've tried most of, and I've mixed in a Crying Tiger Salad (or 4).  My favorite dishes are by far the Crying Tiger, or the Stir Fried Linguini lunch special with whatever meat you want.   Flavors on both of those are just tremendous, and the prices are hard to match ($6.95 for the most of the lunch specials.   Maybe I should stop thinking about the price of gas....)    I love restaurants that keep things transparent between the dining room and the kitchen, and at Pan Asian you can watch Chef Lisa work her magic on your meal while you're standing there waiting to pay.   And it's not like at Subway where you might rather NOT see your food being prepared (um, did you wash your hands?).  Lisa is a pro and it shows!Side-note:  First time I called I asked for my Crying Tiger Salad at a 8/10 on spice.  David asked "are you sure?"   I'm thinking "Look Pal, who are YOU to question my manhood like this, and over the phone nonetheless" while I meekly say "yes".   He then goes "okaaaaay" in that "if you say so" tone.     A can of coke, 2 bottles of water, and a bucket of tears later, I'd learned my lesson.   I get a 6 now.   I lose  :(Great food, great service, great value.   5 stars!
5	I have eaten at a lot of the Thai restaurants in Las Vegas, and Pan Asian is by far one of, if not, my favorite.The food here is some of the freshest and most authentic Thai I have ever had.  The cook does a wonderful job of using the freshest vegetables to make each dish.  The flavor in each dish has been fabulous.  Today I had the Red Curry Duck and the Pad Kee Mau (Drunken Noodle).  The Red Curry Duck was amazing.  They use an entire duck breast cut into slices and they lay it across the curry.  It was amazing and full of moist juicy duck.  Well worth the price!  I also love the pineapple and grapes used in this dish.  I always get it very spicy, and the sweet mingles with the spicy just right every time!I also had the Pad Kee Mau (Drunken Noodle) dish.  I asked for it spicy so she added some red peppers to the dish and it came out wonderful!  The heat level was perfect for me.  When I go to a Thai restaurant, I ask for the dishes Thai style.  This is one of the places where she will actually make the dish as "Thai style" as it gets.   If you want authentic Thai that is fresh, delicious and at a good price, give Pan Asian a try!
5	The food was just excellent. First the roti appetizer was excellent, basically fried bread with curry sauce. The chicken satay was also very good, meat was moist and had the best peanut sauce I've tasted so far. Most peanut sauce  I have tasted is usually overpowering with flavor, this sauce was just well blended and flavorful. The Crying Tiger salad was different in a good way, spicy and the dressing had just the right amount of sourness. The Duck curry of course was  our favorite. The meat perfectly moist inside and just crisped right outside. The curry was just a perfect balance with the duck and brought out the flavor from the meat, plus I never thought the grapes in the dish would work but it did. Lastly the fried ice cream was the perfect ending to a wonderful dinner. Lisa the cook is absolutely amazing. Doreen our server was very friendly and informative about our menu selections. David the owner was funny also and kind of kept the place together. The atmosphere was very friendly and casual. Everybody in Las Vegas and out of towners should try this place
5	Just went here for the second time this week.  I'm so glad I found another great local restaurant that is semi-close by.  And especially glad to have a great Thai restaurant nearby.  The food is soooooo fresh and hot when it gets to the table, the flavors are fabulous, and David gives wonderful service.  I love the soups and every dish I've tried.  My favorite is the pad thai (with tofu).  Best pad thai I have had.  I will still go to Panna Thai once in a while because I like that style of Tom Yum soup, but I will be going here more often for everything else.  I haven't had room for dessert yet, but hopefully next time I'll have room for the tempura cheesecake.  My friends that I've gone with really enjoyed this place, as well, and they will be switching from their old go-to Thai places to this one.
4	They changed their lunch specials a bit... prices are still the same but they stopped including a soda.  Also, the last two times I got the red curry it was about one half or 2/3 the normal portion size... nowhere near enough to cover the rice.  I recently tried Prommare's and introduced my coworkers to it.  We get Thai at work at least once a week and were always loyal Pan Asian customers, but with our last two visits leaving something to be desired, I don't know that we'll return.  I still enjoy the food but it's a competitive market and I think Prommare's is worth the extra 10-15 minutes of travel time.
3	I think after reading all great reviews upped my expectations a bit too much.  Open kitchen design was a nice plus.  The chef was also very accommodating as our kids were eyeing her cooking.  But as far as food is concerned, I would not say it's extraordinary.  Everything was actually cooked a little too sweet for my taste.  It's probably a personal preference but I was a little disappointed.
4	Very tasty, clean and reasonably priced (even if we hadn't had the Yelp coupon). We were literally the only two people in the place for lunch - that just gave the staff a chance to take great care of us, but without being obsessively attentive. The duck was delicious.
5	What a great variety. If you didn't enjoy your meal, then you ordered wrong. Ask more questions, be more specific, and you'll get just what you want. I look forward to our next visit. This isn't a high-end atmosphere, but the food is great and the ambiance is comfortable and casual.
4	We said "Misti sent us" - true, but indirectly.  We chose Pan Asian based on the great reviews of Yelp, and were not led astray.While fluorescent lighting isn't my preferred ambiance for dinner, the food and David's ceaseless sense of humor far outshone the lighting.  We brought a started bottle of wine with us, half-full because we didn't want to polish off a whole one, which we knew we could, and would. He promptly brought us wine glasses, and when he noticed us skimming ice out of our water glasses, he brought us a big glass of ice with a spoon.  Service was like that consistently.We shared two entrees - the Musulman Curry, with Chicken, and the Stir-Fried Linguine, which for once I was able to convince seafood-challenged hubby to allow me the pleasure of ordering with shrimp.  I loved the addition of sweet potato and avocado to the curry dish; both blended perfectly with the sauce.  I would have loved it even more if it were a tad less sweet and one star higher up the spice ladder.  The linguine was terrific, and I reveled in the rare delight of having Asian food with - omigod - shrimp!  But alas, the shrimp was tasty, but was missing that crisp "bite" that should come from wok cooking.  The veggies, especially the asparagus, had it, but not the shrimp.   Still, it worked!We left happy and full, and we'll be back soon.
5	I Love this place.  It doesn't hurt that my office is within walking distance and I eat there probably twice/week.  I enjoy all the currys with steamed tofu, since I'm not a meat eater.  The papaya salad is also Delicioius.
5	The service here is always so warm and welcoming. Last time I was in I tried their massaman curry, which had avocado, sweet potato, onion, cashews, and coconut milk. The sweetness of the curry really balanced out the spiciness. My latest visit I got their pad see-yew with shrimp. I do have to say it was sodium packed for my liking but my thai iced helped mellow out the saltiness. I'll have to come back to check out more of their dishes.
4	I'm a fan of pan Asian food, so pardon me if you find my review little biased! We loved the food. Specially, couple of noodles we ordered. On top of everything, be ready for one of the best hospitalities!
2	Mehhh. They don't deliver so I had to go pick it up. Chicken satays were dry and overcooked but tasty. Basil fried rice was mushy and over sauced. Scant (3 small) shrimp and 6-7 pieces of chicken. All the right favors but heavy handed execution. Chicken and vegetable stir fry with black bean and ginger was the best of them all. I have to say that after reading all of the great reviews on Yelp we were very disappointed. To top it off, one app and two entree came to $30. Not bad if it was a quality meal but this owing one of those.
4	I love this place. Their thai iced tea recipe is awesome and so is the pad see yew. The spiciness in all of their dishes hurt so good.
5	The owner David is very nice and after coming here for several months now I decided i had to give some credit. All of the food seems really fresh and unique. We usually order chicken pad Thai and pad see-yew? David's restaurant is always very clean, the food us delicious, and since its a small restaurant he learns his customers very quickly. Best Thai tea ever!
5	I am a huge fan for mom and pop's places. It is really a hidden gem. Love the food there! Whether I check in here or not doesn't matter. This place is always my must go whenever I am in Vegas.
4	I can see this place from my house, so it's about time I gave it a shot.Searched Yelp!for something near by and was steered in by all of the great reviews. Stopped in for take out around 6:30pm. Smells great and has a really warm environment.The first thing that I noticed is that the dinning area is 1/3 the size of the open kitchen. You can see everything they are doing, which I tend to like. The gentleman working there (Owner?) was extremely friendly. He asked if I had eaten there before. When I said no, he asked it I eat Asian food often and If I would need assistance deciding what to eat. I found this to be very thoughtful.I ordered chicken Pad See Ew which was ready in well under 10 minutes.WARNING: I got #2 spicy and it kinda kicked my ass.I docked them 1 STAR for giving me A CHOP STICK, which as far as I am aware, are supposed to come in pair. Not their fault, but when I want to pretend that I came being "cultural", I need the right utensils :)  THIS PLACE IS A MUST TRY!!
5	Owner David and his wife are as friendly as can be! It's so nice and very refreshing to know that your business is appreciated! The place is very clean, although small. It's all about the grub here!Being my first outing, I decided on the Massaman curry, as it had been reviewed favorably by fellow yelpers on more than one occasion. Verdict?  Excellent! Great flavor, and extremely well prepared. I may even try it a bit spicier next time!  For a kicker, I went with the chicken satay app. Very nice...really tasty.Do not hesitate to give this place a try.  It's very, very good, and the owners appreciate their customers.
5	My husband was taking me out for birthday dinner. He went to yelp to look for the best rated thai restaurant in town & found this place. A bit far from our house but we went there because of the ratings. We ordered lots of foodand they're all excellent.1. Appetizer, I forgot the name but it was scallops wrapped in banana leaves2. Crying tiger salad3. Grilled tiger shrimp mango salad4. Seafood soup5. Chricken rice noodle soup6. Beef panang7. Pad thai8. Fried ice creamIt's a husband & wife business. The husband was our waiter, really friendly guy and the wife was the cook who really know to cook good food. Overall, really good experience.I wish it is closer to my house.
3	we came on a monday and ordered 2 lunch specials, beef pad thai and chicken massaman curry for 18.- overrated. as much as it kills me to say it since i love small mom and pop restaurants, what we ordered did not deliver. - seeing the old man fist explode with a regular customer was nice to see :)- pad thai with wrong noodle. they cut corners and use the pho style noodle. disguised it with coloring. lol. pink? -___-. texture and flavor is off.- i ordered massaman curry bc everyone on yelp loves it. i must say, it is pretty good, but for the price, not. a 6 is a good level for those that prefer medium hot. avocados in curry was a surprise that i enjoyed. carrot pieces are too large.- I like rice. small bowl of rice doesn't cut it for filipinos. lol- I might be harsh since there is one thai restaurant in socal, president thai (rowland), that gives tom yum, fried wanton and pudding as part of the lunch, with a bigger portion AND at a cheaper price...but what can i say, bigger competition there...nuff said.
4	I've been coming here since they first opened. My boyfriend & I can't get enough of their Crying Tiger Beef Salad. The first time we got a 5 in spiciness & it was wayy too much for us & we actually enjoy spice! Now we get a 2-21/2 & it's perfect. Can't find anything to compare to this salad. Mmm!!!
4	The people made me feel welcome, excellent service. Food was delicious. Atmosphere is good for a nice quiet evening.
4	This is really a Thai restaurant. Flavorful. Definitely coming back. It's authentic Thai. Great value. Had Basil tofu - a bit greasy but really delicious. Guessing that it wouldn't have been as greasy with chicken or some other meat. Pad see yew was delicious. Lotus of Siam is still my favorite but for convenience and taste this will be my new favorite Thai. They serve pho too but didn't try it.... Since writing the first part of this review, I've returned several times. I get mine really spicy --- like 15... and they always laugh when I ask. The owners are very friendly.
5	Yes, yes, and yes. And a side of yes. Quality, flavor, and love is the name of the game.This is a small place, but owned by a couple who used to own a much bigger place outside of Vegas. They served up dishes in the gourmet and high end fashion - which certainly shows in what they do today. You walk in and notice the place is cozy, and the service is warm and personable. The menu features a variety of Asian cuisines with their own twists and modifications. It's all delicious.Every dish I've had, I've noticed two things. One, the presentation and flavors are delicious, and definitely their own. Two, everything is prepared a little slow, but for a reason: everything is cut and prepared fresh, with no shortcuts, every single time. Impressive. I'll run down the list of my experience with their foods.Malaysian Roti: This. This is probably my favorite appetizer of all time - and it's so simple. It's fried roti bread, making it crispy and flaky, served with a dipping sauce of curry with potatoes. I can't explain how delicious this is.Fresh Wontons: I actually don't see this on their menu anymore, or maybe they changed the name of it, but these are hand-made wontons when you order them. Perfectly delicious, light, and delicate.Panang Curry: If you've had panang curry before, this won't blow your mind in terms of flavor. However, again the freshness of the ingredients makes it a hair above the average.Tom Khar Soup: Every time I've ever had this soup has been different. Pan Asian keeps it simple and fresh. Like the panang, nothing revolutionary but absolutely fresh. They also throw in some glass noodles.Scallop Amok: This is something I've never had anywhere else. They use scallops and some sort of egg? mixture with coconut, some basil, and wrap it in banana leaves for baking. Unique, fresh, and interesting!In general, I can't speak highly enough of their freshness of ingredients and warmth of the experience overall. I'm genuinely delighted at every time I realize how much everything is made to order and the owner himself is serving me and answering my questions. Just perfect.
5	Update: 8/4/2013 -  In Vegas again and returned to Pan Asian. The food was just as good, if not better than our 1st visit. For appetizers, we had the Crispy Shrimp Spring Rolls and the Coconut Shrimp. Both were very good. The Coconut Shrimp was served with a dipping sauce that was truly amazing.For the main entrees, I had the Grilled Tiger Shrimp Mango salad. The salad was perfectly prepared, all of the ingredients were fresh, and the shrimp was wonderful. The salad was light, but filling and full of flavor. We also ordered the Thai Chicken Spicy Salad, Pad Thai, and David Wong's Fried rice, all of which were fantastic. Great food and service once again!***********************************************************************************************After a few days visiting in Vegas, I was craving Asian food, found this place on Yelp and gave it a try. We were a little hesitant when we arrived because the place was empty, 0 customers (it was around 6pm on a Saturday). We gave it a try anyway and it was definitely the right choice. It's a small clean place, nothing fancy. It is very open so you can see the food being made as you wait. Let me tell you, the food here is awesome. Authentic, made to order, and full of flavor. We had the calamari for an appetizer. It was great, cooked perfectly and very tasty. I was in the mood to try something different so I had the Massaman Curry (avocado, sweet potatoes, onions, and coconut milk and curry) with chicken added. It was packed with flavor and aromas. A great balance of flavors and I would definitely order it again. The family enjoyed the sweet and sour chicken (my hubby said it was good, not the traditional deep fried version), the fried rice (shrimp added), daughter loved it, and the pad thai (it was great as well). You get to choose the level of spiciness for all entrees. My son ordered the pad thai with the highest spice level and it was HOT!!!. We had the fried ice cream for dessert and it was super.The owner was extremely nice and added a personal touch to the experience.I will visit this place for sure again.
2	I wanna start out by saying that this review is based on food delivered to my home.My husband ordered the Musamun curry and pineapple fried rice and did not eat the food.first of all everyone knows take out food pales in comparison to eating in the restaurant,so that is why I will give two stars instead of one.The  rice was dark and unappetizing with bland and unpleasant taste and very dry.The curry was huge vegetables just rough cut and chicken was over cooked & dry.All in all it was uneatableSorry,  my husband and I  know Thai food and this was A disappointment.
5	Ever taste something that just seems like it was crafted molecule by molecule to match everything you love about food? Here I am, a lanky white guy, thinking I must have been Thai in a former life or something. Let me explain...First, you have to try Pad See Ew. I know, if you're not familiar with Thai food it looks like something you'd scream out if someone threw up on your shoes...it's not. It's made with flat rice noodles, vegetables, and meat/seafood, I usually get it with pork or chicken but y'know, whatever floats your boat. TRUST me on this... you want to order this dish. It sounds generic, perhaps a little plain...yes, I know it does...it's not. In fact, when you do order this, you're going to want to punch everyone you know in the face for not telling you about it sooner.Mr. Wong is the chef and he makes the best Pad See Ew I have ever had. I gladly sacrifice any chance at being in shape or watching my carb intake in exchange for the opportunity to shovel this stuff into my mouth hole. The restaurant is tiny, laid out weird and you can't help but watch what's going on in the kitchen as they prepare your food. This man is all about the fresh ingredients and quality food. I haven't had much else on the menu but it could be the one item and I'd be just as happy.
4	Le Thai : Hip, Downtown Eatery :: Pan Asian : Made with Love, Family KitchenI heard good things about Pan Asian and finally got to try it out when I was on this side of town.  It's in a little strip of buildings, next to nothing in particular and we almost drove past it.  When we got inside we knew it was our kind of place: small, homey feel with super friendly owners.  I don't need some stuffy restaurant on The Strip- give me a place like this any day!After being told they could make many of their menu items vegetarian, we decided to let them call the shots.  I wanted a curry and a noodle so David (I think that was his name) said we should get the Massaman Curry and the Stir Fried Linguini.  The curry was made with veggies and tofu and had a nice flavor to it.  My husband and I both enjoyed it.  I only wish that it had a little more spice (we ordered medium) and some more veggies (it looked a little soupy, even for a curry).  The noodles had a good amount of heat (also medium), lots of flavor, and were packed full of fresh vegetables.  I was actually pretty surprised at the amount and quality of veggies I was given.  This was my favorite dish of the two.  We also ordered a Thai Tea and Fried Ice Cream.  Both were good, but I have favorites elsewhere.In all, I felt like I was invited to someone's home for dinner when I was here.  The owners are very warm and want to make you are as happy as possible while providing great-tasting and comforting food.
5	Another yelp success! It's about 12 minutes away from the strip. We ordered everything that was recommended to us - curry duck and fried ice cream. All items were amazing. If we lived in the area we would be back. Go here, you wont be disappointed.
4	This place is definitely a hidden gem. I use to live near Pan Asian and would drive past it all the time, but I never knew it existed until I found it here on Yelp! The restaurant itself is pretty small, there are mostly 2 seat-tables and a few 4 seat-tables, probably enough to fit 20 people in total. When I came in for dinner, there were only 2 or 3 other tables occupied. Looking at the menu, most of the dishes are Thai, with a few Chinese and Vietnamese twists here and there. I ordered the Stir-Fry Linguine with chicken and my friend ordered the Pad Thai with chicken. At other Thai restaurants I would usually request a 6 or 7 out of 10 on the spice level for my food, but the owner told me that their level 5 spice was the equivalent of 7 or 8 at other places, so I ordered a 4. Thank god I did because my linguine came out to be quite spicy! There was an abundance of chicken meat, peppers, and asparagus in my dish, and the flavor was great without being overbearing. I had a taste of my friend's Pad Thai and it was also tasty, but because my friend didn't add any spice to it, I didn't enjoy it as much as my linguine. Service was great, the owner was very attentive to each customer's needs and our drinks were constantly being refilled. Prices are very reasonable and there are lunch specials. The next time I come here I plan to tackle their curries!
3	The duck curry was fantastic, the beef salad was on the salty side, but good flavor. I would not recommend the chicken dish we had, and I don't really remember the name of it.The service was ok. The place is small. Food was delivered slow due to limited staffs. Price is on the high side. That's about it, nothing exciting.
4	Dined here with Tom R.Food was good, had tons of flavor. Things we had:Malaysian Roti: Not amazingly good, but I was impressed with how it turned out especially since the person that ordered it had no idea what it was. The contrast in texture between the crispy outside and chewy inside was very enjoyable and the sauce was quite nice.Grilled Tiger Shrimp Mango Salad: Can't say I was too fond of this one. The shrimp was still raw on the inside, though for a salad maybe that's how it's supposed to be? The main detractor for me was the copious amounts of mango on it. The mango flavor overwhelmed everything else.Singapore Noodles: Definitely one of the best dishes we had, was well cooked and flavorful.Garlic Beef: Advertised as "1000 times better than broccoli beef" by the owner himself. Granted nothing can be 1000 times better than broccoli beef, it didn't disappoint. It was heavy on the salt and pepper, probably too salty on it's own for most people's liking but not me. Fortunately it comes with a side of rice that I highly advise you use.Pad Thai: Perhaps the most disappointing dish. Not very authentic if you ask me. It wasn't sweet enough, was PINK, and had no peanuts. Nonetheless it was still pretty tasty, though it's pretty hard to make Pad Thai not taste good. The only Pad Thai I've had and didn't like was from Buffet @Asia.Probably the worse thing about the restaurant is the lack of staff. There's one person that stays in the kitchen and cooks, and then the other triples as a cook, server, and cashier. When my water ran out, I didn't even want to ask for a refill seeing how bad the customer:employee ratio was. Seeing how Tom knew the owners and he's a regular, I hoped we'd get some sort of a discount.
5	Great place, totally authentic. We like things hot, but Thai 7 was too much for us, so beware. The lady who took our order was very nice and recommended the garlic chicken without any heat and all I can say is thank you. We've got a new spot for Thai.
4	Went back again after a long absence.  Had some won ton soup and pad see ew.  Flavors were wonderful, as usual.My only complaint is there were tons of little, inedible bits in both the soup and noodles.  Like pieces of pepper or skin from some aromatic.  I don't remember that being the case last time I ate there.  It's fine.  But kind of weird to have to fish out stuff from your mouth.That being said, the coup was so flavorful.  I could have eaten 5 bowls.  And pad see ew as good as I've had.
4	Great food! Good service, friendly, affordable.
4	I love this place... awesome yellow curry ( with avocado) the flavors are just the best.  If you do not like very spicy please request a  low # for some reason #5 for them is almost like an  #8 in other places. Also for some weird reason their water  taste like soap, i would recommend you getting a Thai tea instead lol
5	We have been there SEVERAL times but I keep putting off my review. Tonight we had take out and as usual we loved EVERYTHING!!!  My husband said it was torture driving home with our order!  My faves are the: Pineapple Fried Rice, which is a first for me because I'm more of a noodle girl but this rice ROCKS!!;  the Massaman Curry (and I am not a huge curry person) with chunks of buttery avocado; the Spicy Linguine (crispy asparagus); Pad See Yew with Beef; the Singapore Noodles; and their Pad Thai, which is subtly sweet.  (I'll admit I'm only capable of a 2 maybe a 3 level of spice-trust David with his spice advice!) My husband loved the Duck Curry but I don't do the "Quack Quack" (as David Wong himself refers to it)! David is awesome-very friendly , funny and attentive.  His wife is always busy cooking but is very gracious and it so amazing to watch her cook!
5	I heard about this place a while back when they were in one of the Las Vegas Weekly articles. I have been wanting to try this place for a long time but it is very hidden. But this isn't about the location, this is about the food. I am of Thai and Laotian decent and i would have to say this place is amazing food wise. My mother owns  and runs a Thai restaurant and i would have to say that how this place fuses flavors and showcases foods from various Asian countries is amazing. I have been to all the Thai restaurants in the Las Vegas Valley, even the bad ones and this is my favorite spot to eat. It is all about the Food here, I am certain if they had money to invest and a better location, this place would always be packed. The food is great, vegetables not over cooked. This food is Real Thai Food. Archi's and Pin Kaow are good too but there food is geared towards americans. Try this place out, you won't regret it.
3	I like this restaurant; food is pretty good and the service is okay too but I do have an issue:  It is always really freaking hot in there!!!  Its summer in Las Vegas - figure out how to get that place cooled down!  I'll go back in the winter and see if its better.  Seems to be an issue with a lot of Asian restaurants here in town - hot as crap out side and the AC is barely working.  If restaurant was more comfortable I'd give it a 5
1	I had a real hard day today and wanted a place to relax with my husband.  So we decided to go to Pan Asian tonite.  The last time we were there it was ok, not bad. I enjoyed the atmosphere, so coming back was i thought going to be good again.  Well i ordered the mango shrimp salad, and when the waitress asked us how spicy, my husband and i knew better to ask what scale they used (we eat out a lot, especially thai!) whether it was 1-5 or 1-10?  when she said 1-10, we ordered it a 2! well when i recieved it, it was so spicy that i could no longer eat the rest of the food we ordered....i was disappointed but not mad.  i felt that maybe they did a mistake.  So i didnt make a fuss, but i did tell the waitress i was dying and needed water.  The waitress told the owner that it was too hot for me, so he said he would fix it,  But it was too late my mouth was on fire.  But this whole time, mind you i WAS NOT MAD, until the owner started to say stuff like it shouldnt be too spicy and that he didnt see anything wrong with the salad even though it was encrusted in red pepper,  and that i ate most of the shrimps so it must not be that bad!!  (it came with 3 fricken shrimps!!!) i started to feel offended by his remarks but still paid for dinner.  my point was not to not pay for our food.  i was ok until he started to talk.  Then he said next time to not order a salad with a 2! thats real spicy.  WHAT?????  then whats a 5 on his scale.  I just felt it had bad customer service and at this place owner is right, not customer.  To top it off the owner and his wife were yelling at each other while we were eating......sad!
4	I had driven past this place too many times...when I saw some positive remarks on the Talk Threads I looked up the reviews and knew that I need to check it out.I have been here 3 times and tried 5 items now...sharing really is caring my friends!I have really enjoyed everything that I've tried.  (Yellow Curry, Massaman Curry, Pad See Ew, Stir Fried Linguini, and "Drunken Noodles"...can we really all stop caring about American that won't order words they don't know and call it Pad Kee Mao?)My Favorites?...The Yellow Curry and Drunken Nooodles...The staff is incredible.  Ultra friendly and so helpful!  The kitchen is open to the view of all...thumbs up!I don't love the seating...feels like a spot between sit down and fast food.  But it is bright and clean inside.I would certainly dine-in here, but I think this is my new take-out place!
5	This place was fantastic.  My wife and were warmly greeted by the host and owner.  When ordering we were told carefully told about there hear levels.  We got level two because my wife is a wimp.  Could have been a three.  We ordered the drunken noodles and the tofu see ew.  Both were full of flavor and the noodles were great.Best Asian food I have had in a long time.  Highly recommended.Will be back with the family.
4	Love the food and service. The guy who owns it is super nice.
4	I just order the Pho. It was Thai-style. It lacked the heat and some of the herby delightfulness that I love in the Vietnamese version. The restaurant is small and family owned. I showed up about 15 minutes prior to closing. They didn't make me feel like a jerk for coming in so late. They actually we warm and welcoming.I can't wait to give the rest of their menu a go!
4	This place was great Asian fusion. I had the miso soup and the chicken pad thai. I actually ordered the tofu pad thai but I'm not a vegetarian so I did not complain when the chicken landed in front of me. I ordered it "spicy 3/10" and it had just the right kick. Enough to make my nose run, not enough to blow my head off. Fully planned on getting the cheesecake tempura but was so stuffed from dinner I just couldn't do it. Maybe next time...
5	Holy Effin-esse!  This food is belligerently good! I hate vegetables, as my +1 Michelle (I will refer to her as this throughout the review because she refuses to open a Yelp account, but had a blast with me at the CYME) can attest to, but Pan Asian is the exception!After reading dozens of 5-star Yelp reviews, I developed a craving to try Pan Asian.  When we pull up in the parking lot we are a bit taken back by the fact that we are the only ones here.  We enter the restaurant and it is empty.  During our entire dinner only one patron came in to pick up a to go order and I have to admit... it scared me!First off is the Gyoza.  Fancy name for potstickers.. with flavor and texture!  This app came out inside 5 minutes!  David (of David Wong's Pan Asian) was waiting on us and discussed, in depth, the ingredients and its masterful cooking process.  The Gyoza had true texture, something I look for in all foods. At first bite it was crisp, then soft, and then an influx of flavor.  Our app was in front of us for probably six minutes then it was devoured.  I was actually criticized by my +1 for eating the garnish.  I did not know it was not acceptable to also eat the carrots that were artistically placed on the plate.  Party foul on Rich.Almost immediately upon our successful conquer of the Gyoza, our main courses arrived.  +1 ordered Clear Noodles and Beef, I had the Basil Sauce Stir Fry with Beef.  As previously stated, I am not a veggies guy.  To be blunt (#YelpConfessional) this is my first stir fry... in my life.  The flavor was disgustingly good!  I was gobbling up bell peppers like there is no tomorrow. The onions were perfectly seasoned, the... whatever else was in there... perfect!  Truly, absolutely, perfect!  I agree with Tien's review.  How can food possibly taste this good?  No explanation here!Michelle's meal... wow!  I was offered a taste, which I could not resist, and it was just as impressive!  I have never been a huge noodle guy, but for every rule there is an exception... this was it.  My (our) biggest dilemma was the amount of mouth-watering menu choices and which we would eat.  We will be back (multiple times) and I cannot wait for the next visit.  As usual, the balance of Yelp is not wrong.  This place is freakin' awesome!  A true treat to eat, and the prices were incredibly cheap!  Gyoza, Clear Noodles and Beef, Basil Sauce Beef Stir Fry, 2 drinks... $28!I have told 3 people about this place since dinner!  Don't miss out!
5	Pad See Yew is the best!! The pineapple fried rice is amazing too.  If your nice David might even bring over some Johnnie Walker!
3	I think the constant high ratings yelpers give this place made me expect something incredible. But I am only giving it three stars and a half.
4	Fairly new to Vegas and resorted to the reviews on Yelp to find a good Thai restaurant in the area. This was rated pretty high so we figured it's worth giving it a shot. Been here twice already in 3 weeks and each time, the service was great and the food was excellent. My favorites, Tom Yum soup, any meat with Basil sauce, Grilled Mango Salad (so yummo) and the DW Fried Rice. Not so impressed with the Massaman Curry and the Seafood Linguini was good but not great.This place has so many good things on the menu that I have to come back a few times so I can try them all. One server told me that I have to try their Duck curry, Basil fried rice and some lobster dish that I have to call ahead to order. I can't wait to go back again soon!
5	Order the spice at 8 or 9, it's perfect. If you order the spicy chicken salad it is important to ask for it extra hot. Excellent food.
5	Yelp comes through again.Why, yes. This IS our new favorite "I don't want to drive all the way to Lotus" place. It's probably the only Thai/Chinese/Japanese/Vietnamese/Malaysian place you're likely to find. If you can't find something to love here, McDonald's is right down the street.Can't decide which particular Asian cuisine you desire? Well, Pan Asian has a little from here and there and it's all executed perfectly and...fine... I will say it ..."kicked up a notch". There are some little hooks in the dishes that show that someone in kitchen really cares about the food's history and heritage, yet wants to add a little nod to taking it even further. I cannot wait very long before I go back for the red curry. There's something about pumpkin being included that just fascinates me. The avocado in my wife's massaman curry was out of this world. Once again, it's that little extra. When have I had better fried rice? Never. (I'm not  a huge "fried rice fan", so it's not something on which I can have any sort of a baseline as I do with pork chile verde.) It was plenty for dinner and lunch the next day. I ordered it  spiced "as the chef would make it". I am not Asian. I do not have to impress a cavewoman by eating blistering hot things and showing how manly her protector is.The chef is a professional. This is kind of what she does for a living, so I trust her to add enough heat to complete the dish and not overpower the other flavors.In this, she excelled. While it would have been too spicy for my wife, it was perfectly balanced.Prices$4.95 for a bowl of Filet Mignon Pho. It's not the "bigger than your head" kind you'll get from the places on Spring Mountain, but you won't be wasting any of it, either. It was a great size to split for an appetizer.The owner/waiter is the kind of friendly guy that just rocks as your host. Attentive, funny, and most importantly, genuine in every respect. It's not forced. You're in his house and he wants you to have a great meal. The chefs do, as well and you can tell they honestly appreciate the praise they so deserve. Appetizers are $5 to $9. Entrees average about $10.  Some soups are $8. Most dishes are $10 and $12 for the ones with shrimp. Lunch specials are $7. (If only I had a job near this place!)The table of six next to us all had amazing meals. We didn't see a single person that didn't thoroughly enjoy it there. Now, go before everybody finds out about this place!
5	Absolute best Thai food in Las Vegas. The soups, curries and stir frys are to die for. I love their fried rice. Lotus of siam has got nothing on this place. Everything is fresh. The  curry duck is the best but its carried fresh only so you might need to call in advance to reserve your duck, but its worth it. David Wongs Pan Asia puts all the other "supposed Thai restaurants" in Vegas to shame. The flavor and use of real spice is  phenomenal.
5	i had came to vegas for a little trip and found this little place cause i was craving some thai food. and i got my fix. food was delicious and cheap
4	YUMMITY-YUM!Small place that is run by super nice folks!I went as part of a huge group.... NOTE... not really a place that can do huge groups (12+) but they pulled it off.Food:Massaman Curry...Wow! I'm not a curry fan.... but this one.... Yea Baby! Would never think that Avocado would go in a curry... but it was Great!Pad See Ew... Could have continued eating this even after I exploded.... So Good! Papaya Salad.... I tried my friend's dish... I have no idea what number of hot she ordered... but this had a nice kick.  It was cool and fresh and then BAM the spice sneaks up on you... but I went back for a couple more bites.  Hotness Rating:I like a bit of spice/heat... but not too much... I actually like to taste the food I'm eating and not just hot spice.  So our Massaman Curry and Pad See Ew dishes were 1.... but I would have preferred to bump it up a step to 2.... but not too much more than that.... for me anyways.They scale their dishes 1 to 10.My other friend ordered a 3 on a veggie stir fry dish... and she was visibly sweating and she was LOVING the food. I don't know if she sweats easy... but she really enjoyed it and said it was "hot" but that it was perfect... so my guess is their 3 is more like a 5 or 6 other places.  So, I can only assume that their 10 is off the charts.Price: Very Reasonable.... about $10/pp for an entree and drinkNotes:Good ParkingIn a little strip mallDoesn't serve alcohol
4	Finally a Thai restaurant that I actually enjoyed, although it's not necessarily in the most convenient location for me to frequent a lot. We came here for Sunday lunch on the recommendation of my friend and I was definitely not disappointed. The prices are reasonable and the selection of choices have your usual favorites of Thai food. The waiter warned us as we were ordering about the spice level (from 1-10)...we were told to get about a 3-4 as that would be spicy enough. It had a good kick and after eating the entire meal, I could feel the spice, but it was not overwhelming. I can only imagine the burning of a 7-8. HOT STUFF!We got a nice selection of food...started with the Crying Tiger (Thai Beef Salad)...we were asked how much do we want to cry (spice level). We didn't cry that much. And for family style entrees to share around the table, we ordered the Red Curry (chicken), the garlic pepper stir fry (pork), and the drunken noodles (beef). All had a nice amount of spice and really good flavor. I'm looking forward to the next time that I will venture up to this area to try some of the other dishes that they have to offer.
4	Visiting from Los Angeles and decided to try this place out after all the reviews from yelp. I was doubting it first, thinking it would be a  run of the mill Asian Fusion restaurant. However the food was far better than expected. We had a party of 6 and devoured everything. To top it off the service was extremely friendly. After the meal don't miss out on the deep fried ice cream. It might sound overbearingly sweet and kind of mismatched coming from an Asian specialized restaurant but its definitely worth it. I highly recommend this place. We're definitely coming back when we go back to LV
5	This is the best thai food I've ever had. The owner is super nice, and doesn't laugh at you when you order your food super spicy, like they did at another thai place i ate at in chinatown...I've tried the massaman curry, the sinagapore noodles, and the drunken noodles here. These are the best singapore noodles I've ever had- so delicious and perfectly spicy! The drunken noodles are KILLER. and the massaman curry was incredible as well.I can't wait to try the rest of their menu. It's all so good, and right down the street from my house!
5	Love it!!  Been going since it opened.  Food quality is very consistent.  Owners are ALWAYS there.
4	Very good, authentic Thai food.  Best Pad See Ew in town.  Even when I changed my diet to a more plant-based diet, I started getting just the Vegetable Pad See Ew, and it still tastes amazing.  The panang curry is really good as well, so is the DW Fried Rice.. nomnomnom!
5	Everything was delicious and full of flavor. I will definitely return.
5	I always held Archi as the cream of the crop comes too Thai food but Pan Asian took over the title. I always meaning too check this place out between recommendations from fellow yelpers! I had the grilled thai shrimp mango salad and the chicken panang curry was the da bomb! The salad not often really high on any salad dish but this one for sure so hearty and full of flavors I could do salad every day in life. They use organic mixed greens (not common head lettuce or romaine or bland salad greens), the dressing is divine (If could steal that salad dressing; sign me up!), the tiger shrimp cooked perfection not dried out moist with nice grilled marks, the MANGO for me that the star of the dish so FRESH (Mango in most restaurants over ripe or under ripe) could eat Mango by itself, and combine everything together toss it together salad ecstasy. Truly appreciate about this salad it many components it has every EVERY part be like plate of Mango, plate of shrimp, etc. Amazing! I could get plate of each. The chicken panang was excellent too! I enjoyed everything but not only the sauce has nice depth too it besides nice little kick. The vegetables in it. Green beans nice fresh, and bell peppers nice crunch or al dente bite too them. Tien great recommendations on both dishes! So many more dishes without doubt be coming back for more.The spice level at Pan Asian no joke. I have been too my share of thai restaurants there times that each place spice level never know what too expect if its truly 6 or above. Not that I mind because I enjoy spicy food. It nice change knowing that if want get some heat get it. I had the 3 on the grilled shrimp mango salad. The owner warned me not go above 3 or 4. Good call. I kind of sweating it out on the salad little bit. The chicken panang got 6 just right. If want some good thai or pan asian food. No better place too go!
5	This is a totally worthwhile off the strip culinary adventure. If you head towards China town on Spring Mountain Road and keep driving for about ten minutes pass an abundance of Foot Spas you will arrive at Durango Dr. Turn right and you will see the restaurant right next to Storage One on the right hand side.Now, when you get there, be prepared to be greeted warmly by Mr. David Wong himself, a friendly and genuine personality that made us feel right at home. The menu is simple yet has a lot of exciting varieties but after three incredibly satisfying visits, here are my top recommendations:1) Mango or green papaya salad - oh so refreshing and delicious!2) MUST HAVE red duck curry (It's off the menu and their top secret special!, Lisa Wong, the chef pours her heart into this dish!)3) Yellow Malaysian tilapia curry.4) Garlic sauce tofu5) Basil chickenThe servings are generous, prices are reasonable and service is friendly and fast. What more could one ask for? Their ingredients are of superior quality and food presentation is of what you expect of a fine dining restaurant. We had the tempura cheesecake and it was the the icing on the cake of our culinary experience. This is a MUST VISIT every time we come to Vegas! You will not be disappointed.
5	Just moved to this area and I am hooked on Pan Asian. The owner is always super friendly, the resturant is clean, and when I call ahead and order to go it only takes abotu 10-15 minutes. Lunch specials start at $6.99 and include pad see ew, pad thai, and curry. You will pay a little more if you want shrimp as expected. I tried pad see ew for the first time here and I am in love with it. The flavors are so developed and every bite tasted better than the one before. When it comes to spice level beware. Their spice levels here are at least two levels higher than normal. I usually get a 7 at Pin Kaow but here I find myself getting 4-5.
5	All the salads and soups are excellent, I drive across town for this one.  The little sweet lady that owns and cooks here is a doll.
5	So I was feeling a little blue today, it was gloomy and cold in Vegas and needed something to pick me up. Great food always helps to get me in the mood, LOL so I drove 15 miles to have a late lunch here. This time I had the Grilled mango salad, Basil fried rice and Chicken Red curry.Excellent choices. The red curry was exceptional. Since Pan Asian is not close to where I live, I ordered all 3 dishes with the intent of taking home the rice and curry. David was wondering if someone else was joining me because I ordered a lot of food for 1 person, LOL. I love the food and love the personal service. The owners - David and Lisa remember you and make you feel at home. That's very rare when you dine at Asian restaurants so they deserve a 5 star rating.
5	Scrumptious. Seriously, it's yummy. The kitchen can get a little backed up, but it is worth the wait. We started with vietnamese ravioli. The tender wontons are stuffed with chicken, shiitake mushrooms, celery and served with a sesame sauce. After devouring those we couldn't wait to dig in to our entrees. I had the drunken noodles. I like spicy and ordered a 6, after the owner warned an 8 was too hot. They don't mess around with spice here. I like that. Flat noodles, tossed with a perfect blend of seasoning, tomatoes and green beans. My husband must try the sweet and sour chicken at every new place we try. This version was a bit lighter than the usual, no thick breading, just chicken stir fried with pineapple, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes and cucumber. I am anxious to return and start eating my way through the menu.
5	For my birthday, I wanted to go out for Thai so did a quick search of restaurants nearby and this place popped up on my phone.  After seeing the high ratings and reading some of the reviews, I was sold.  I trust Yelpers.The restaurant is casual and relatively quiet so we could sit basically anywhere.  For starters, we ordered the Tom Khar soup and Vietnamese dumplings.  The soup was amazing with a perfect blend of coconut, lime, lemongrass, fresh ginger, and other magical ingredients.  I don't normally like soup, but this soup was addictive.  The dumplings were very good - I liked the fried garlic on top.  As we were eating, the owner/chef stopped by our table to see how the food, which was a kind gesture.For dinner, we had the beef massaman curry and I had shrimp pad thai.  The pad thai came with a good amount of shrimp.  The noodles were more red in color than I have ever seen, but that didn't matter because it was unbelievably tasty.  The massaman curry had a nice blend or coconut, curry, and vegetables.  The beef was tender and flavorful from the sauce.I really wanted dessert because the options were enticing, but I had other dessert plans.  The service was good and overall it was a great experience.  Can't wait to come back.
4	Have been here numerous times and have always left very satisfied.  Place is small, about 12 tables, and tucked away off of Durango.  I've tried quite a few apps, soups, and entrees and have been pleased with everything.  Tom Khar soup and Papaya salad are just plain delicious.  I will say one thing, there food is SPICY.  I enjoy spicy food but this can almost be on another level - at other Thai restaurants I would get a 7 or 8, here I go 4 or 5.  Definitely give this place a chance, the staff is friendly with the owner always behind the counter, and the food is very tasty!
5	We eat at least once a week and have never been disappointed.  The chefs are passionate about making great food. The food is so fresh and you can tell a lot of prep goes into each dish. All I can say is great food, great service and great price!
5	Really fantastic family-owned Thai restaurant. Panang Curry and Pad Thai were great. Really fresh ingredients. Tom Yum and Tom Ka were fantastic as well.Would definitely stop in next time I'm on the west side of town.
5	Awesome food... Everything was great.
5	Found this place thanks to the good reviews on yelp, and we weren't disappointed. Staff was very friendly, and the food was delicious, fresh and filling. I had the clear noodles, and I'd definitely order them again! It was quiet when we went, so the service was very fast.
5	Incredibly friendly staff, giant portions, delicious food, good prices. The massaman curry and clear noodles were both fantastic.Highly recommended.
4	Coming here was a pleasant surprise!  I am always weary about asian food, especially when you see multiple asian items on the menu.  This place had really good reviews on yelp and me and some friends wanted to give it a try.  The menu is kind of small but seemed like everything we ordered was pretty tasty and good.  WARNING: this food can be very SPICY!!... the waitress was super nice and warned us that their level 3 might be a level 8 for some other restaurants so we stuck to level 1-3 for our dishes.  It was still pretty spicy :(.  We ordered some tom yum soup which was pretty tasty but it seems everywhere I go it tastes different.  The main dishes were ordered were shrimp pad thai, duck curry, and chicken glass noodles.  This restaurant advertises "fusion" asian food and you definitely get just that.  The pad thai was good and spicy but tasted little different than pad thai i've had at other restaurants.  The glass noodles had a peppery, almost singaporean spice to it that had a very unique taste to it that was delicious.  The friends were a big fan of that! My fave was the special on the menu which was the duck curry!! oh yum!! There was soo much meat in the duck and the curry was so delicious!!! I'm just said it was a special and not always on the menu.  I'm not usually a curry fan, but this dish was very good and made my taste buds singing :).  There was also some different tastes including grapes and sweet garnishes in the dish that made it very memorable indeed.  The staff and cooks were super nice and attentive.  All the customers there seemed very happy with their dishes and most looked like regulars.  I will definitely try to come back again and try some of their other dishes, just less spicy!
5	Stopped in here with a friend for a duo birthday lunch.  What a nice gift to us!  The red duck curry was savory and meaty (not at all like the greasy, skinny roast duck you get at places in Chinatown).  Chowed down on the calamari.  Drunken noodles did not disappoint.  We listened to the server about the spice levels, but next time will amp it up a notch.  Can't wait to go back again to sample more of the chef's creations.  This restaurant lived up to its great reviews and am proud to slap another set of 5 stars on it!
2	Yelpers you got this one wrong : (We got take out after we read all the great yelp reviews.  We were pretty disappointed, the Tom khar soup  lacked flavor and had a strange after taste, the Thai beef salad was greasy and had many fatty pieces and the massman curry was very runny. We will stick Panna Thai.
1	Not good food in there.no more. makes me sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
2	It was ok. The Drunken Noodles had too much green bell pepper, which is an inexpensive common vegetable that I didn't know was cooked so much in Asian food. David Wong's Fried Rice was a dollar more than what the restaurant's website indicated. The hard menu an online menu aren't the same price wise in it's entirety.
4	Great food, one of the better Thai places in town.  The portions are just a tad small, but the food is quite good.  I stick with Pad Se Ew and Pad Thai and can vouch for those dishes.  David's curry is good as well.  Support this place, worth having in Vegas!
4	I got a special Duck entree and it was the most delicious tasting mix of Duck, grapes, pineapple, and cherry tomatoes.  The sauce was simply amazing.  You can choose how spicy you want it.  I went with a 4 and it was still spicy for me.  I also tried the fried ice cream.  Soooo... good.Very friendly staff and the owner was there when I was there and made sure I was satisfied with everything.
5	David Wong's has the best Thai food in Las Vegas hands down!  I had never tried Thai food until I started working near by and my co-workers raved about it. I tried the green curry one day for lunch and crave it all of the time now! I now go in about once a week. The owner, David, is super friendly. The food is extremely fresh, the onion, peppers and green beans are so crisp! Everything I try is amazing!My favorites are Chicken Green Curry, Drunken Noodles, and Red Nah. I recommend to everyone I see!
5	OMG.You know that sensation when you burp up the great flavors of an awesome meal you just had? I enjoyed it all the way on my long drive home from this awesome restaurant.  It was the aftermath of a red curry with beef, which totally blew my mind in spite of my half-full stomach.  The star of the dish was actually the pumpkin, which works great in this sweet and savory environment.  My only regret was asking for a spicy level of 3, which was hot for me. Yes, I'm a wimp, but I had a 3 pad thai just fine at Archi's. This was like twice as bad.Like my friend said earlier, if this was located on our side of town, we'd go there every day. Mr. David Wong, if you think you can replicate this beautiful bistro in Henderson or Southeast Vegas, we would be ever grateful.
5	I really like this place. Went there with my boyfriend and ordered the Panang curry with shrimp and rad nah with pork and ofcourse I got the Thai iced coffee as well. Everything hit the spot! Delicious food, great service, and very clean.
4	Tom yum soup (3 on the spicy level) was pretty good. Also had the DW fried rice with beef instead of chicken (level 2) which was very very very good. For desert we had the cheesecake with ice cream and that was yummy too.
5	So we finally made it to Pan Asian!I am happy to say, that it does not disappoint! Chef Wong has some very delicious cooking here! He was also very friendly and came to talk to us, and said he made the basil special just for us by cooking it and searing it...which really made it fragrant and added a nice consistency! I will ask for it like this next time for sure!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pan-asian-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#JCVcxvcLGhlfJivt4CeowwThe drunken noodles (pad kee mao) was my most favorite way I've had this dish! And I order this EVERYWHERE I go! Chef Wong was NOT afraid to add spice, so it was a good heat and excellent flavor, especially with that basil!The "Basil sauce" (pad ka pao) was good, and also had a nice heat behind it, but I really like it when the chicken is minced into very small pieces...the meat really absorbs the heat and all those juices in the sauce that way. Since these were large pieces of chicken and there were tons of green beans in there, this wasn't my most favorite way of doing it, but still good!  I don't think I've ever had more green beans in a dish before lol :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pan-asian-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#-JTA2XZWeNY5X5T58roGSQAnd lastly, the pad thai was also good. It was a little on the sweet end, but we normally don't order this dish, so I can't really compare it to others in town. It seemed like it had a better taste though than we have had before.  It also had a great presentation :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pan-asian-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#ek0n6bBZNz8W77UAGB17JQOverall, this is an excellent place to check out, especially with their lunch specials and great food!  Prices are a little cheaper here than most in town, but the servings are a tiny bit smaller too, so it works out overall.I am not sure if I can jump out and say it is my most favorite in town, but with them making the best version of drunken noodles I've had, I will be back again for sure!
5	Call me addicted, but I visit Pan Asian at least once a week. I can't say that I have been to any other Asian restaurant that consistently tastes as bright and fresh as the food prepared here. I love spicy food - but I have to say, this place knows how to add some heat. I can easily eat a level 9/10 at other establishments, but here, I can only tollerate levels 3 to 5 depending on the style of dish. Top picks:Crying Tiger Salad w/ Beef- I would order this at a lower heat level than you would traditionally order, since the acid in the salad amplifies the spice level. DW Fried Rice- It's the best I've ever had - and if you're not adventurous, this is a great first dish for you. Massaman or Red Curry- BOTH are perfection. The flavors are perfectly balanced, and if you like heat, add it here.Drunken Noodles- I have yet to find a better pad kee mao in town. Delicious!For dessert, you'll have to order the mango w/ sticky rice, or the fried bananas. Both dishes are only offered when the produce is perfectly ripe and in season. If it's not - they won't serve it! David and his wife are absolutely wonderful, and always greet us when we come in. Prices are right on point and the service is great!
4	UPDATE: I really do wish this place had warm yellow light, some piped in music (the 1 TV is muted), something to break the stark black and quiet.  But the owner compensates with his sincere and humorous service.  This time we tried the pork spare ribs with XO sauce.  It was very good and man, the bok choy veggies at the bottom were EXCELLENT!  I would eat this over Brussels sprouts any time!  The cheesecake tempura my husband adored as is.  Personally I would like it without the coating.  It's a good cheesecake, and goes well a la mode.  I was quite disappointed with the pad thai though. I remember it to be a lot... yummier.  Dunno what happened.  I've had better around Vegas.--------The place is quite small and bare, wish it had a little more warmth (maybe they should change the white lighting)...but the food rocks, and is presented beautifully.  The best phad Thai I've had in Vegas so far.  The owner is a sweetheart.
5	My wife Judy and I were in Vegas this month for the WCC Tournament and were looking for a well rated Thai eatery. We loved this place, friendly wait staff and cooks, and the food was heavenly. We ate lunch here three times during out six day stay, and every dish was a delight, and spiced just as ordered. I can hardly wait for my next visit, it was a wonderful treat for us.
3	I went there through and because of Yelp and the great reviews. Ordered to go. The food is really good! The reasons why they lost two stars are:1) I asked for extra peanuts in my Pad Thai and I got home to discover no peanuts at all. Huge bummer!2) Its not cheap ($20 for Pad Thai and Calamari) and I paid $2 extra to mix Chicken and Beef. There were maybe 5 peaces of each. A little disappointing and not justifying a $10 dish. The food is really good. But I wont be going back
4	Two words. Cheesecake Tempura. Why doesn't this exist everywhere? No matter how full you are, order desert. Pre-desert I ordered the Massaman Curry. The Avacodo was unreal. And the potatoes, sweet potatoes, and other veggies were cooked to a perfection I have yet to accomplish in my own kitchen. Way worth the drive off the strip. And if you have been eating on the strip you will be shocked at the prices. The good kind of shock.
4	I ordered the chicken pad thai noodles. Nice presentation. Quick service. Server was friendly and attentive. Didn't have to ask for refills or the check. She was ready to serve and knew when it was needed. The pad thai tastes good but the noodles stuck together as though it was a little overcooked. It isn't the best pad thai I've tasted (which was in Portland, OR) but it will do while I'm in Vegas. I would recommend this place.
5	Pan Asian is a neat little place that I only found lately.  I believe the wife does the cooking, and everything I have had so far has been great.  The people I have gone with all enjoyed their meals also.  She even made me something not listed on the menu.  The husband is nice enough, but likes to call people "boss", which is a pet-peeve of mine.  Other than that he is pleasant and always checks up on you enough without being overbearing.  It is close enough to go to for lunch with coworkers.  The amount and quality of the food is a great value for the very reasonable prices.  Really clean place too.  Great tasting, high quality food, inviting atmosphere,  and prices that won't break the bank.  What more can you ask for?
5	The food is amazing. Penang curry and grilled squid were the best. Also, they are a wonderful couple.
1	The label of Chinese food is misleading. I cannot eat Thai and some Chnese due to chili and Cayenne use. I was stuck with an appetizer for dinner. The Chicken wrap was cooked with a lot of filler, so it was far from what I was looking for to sate my cravings.
5	Absolutely one of the best Asian restaurants in Vegas.  It was a bit far from the strip but it was all worth the drive.  The owners are very friendly, courteous and accomodating.  Will definitely be a repeat customer :)
4	Our food was delicious, visually appealing, affordable and was anything but normal Americanized Asian cuisine.  Complex ingredients come together to form a simple and delicate balance in his dishes.  I wanted to try his Duck but went with his equally good curry.....I'll try the Duck next time!
5	I forgot how delicious Pan Asian was until I came back to try their Mango Shrimp Salad! It has slivers of mango slices piled on top. I'm glad that the mangos were a little on the sour side. I don't like overly ripe mango. It had little pieces of purple onion with greens and grilled shrimp. The tartness of the mango balanced out the bitterness of the charred parts of the shrimp. The dressing is nice and spicy it is so good! This salad would  even taste good without the shrimp!
5	It's really spicy.. Be aware
5	The Pad See-Yew here is absolutely AMAZING!!!!  We have tried other menu items like the Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, and Vegetables with Garlic Pepper Sauce and all are great.  We have not been disappointed yet.  The service is friendly and the atmosphere great.  You must try them.
3	It is so far away from the strip....  Is it worth coming here, NO.  I am sure you can find comparable thai food around the strip (or at least in chinatown) or downtown.  Anyhow, the food is a little on the greasy side.  It tasted decent/good.  We love the friendliness of the owners (Lisa and David).  Most dishes were around $8 to $9 which is decent.  We came here for lunch, and there weren't that many people.  We ordered the mango salad, malaysian rotti, pad see u, and pad thai.  Our favorite was the deep fried malaysian rotti.Food:  3.0 starsService:  3.0 starsOwners hospitality:  5.0 stars (did not receive any complimentary desserts though)
5	Great food. Very flavorful. Try their Pad Thai. I loved it.
4	Excellent service and good food :) We will be coming back (especially to try the fried ice cream).
5	This is by far my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas regardless of cost. The food is excellent, but what makes this place really superb is the service. The owner remembers everyone and remembers exactly how each customer likes a dish. For example I usually get dishes without egg added but one time I decided to get egg in the dish. After placing my order the server was sent back to confirm I really wanted egg in the dish. This level of detail is what makes this place wonderful. My favorite dish here is the drunken noodles which I feel is better than any other Thai restaurant in Vegas. The curries are nice too. This place is very vegetarian friendly as well.
5	Currently my favorite Thai restaurant. The Yellow Curry is very delicious.
3	Average for Pad Thai and Fried Rice.
5	We walked in right as they opened and the smell that greeted us indicated they had been doing prep for a while. We started with the gyoza with 2 wonderful side sauces. My wife had a cold so ordered tea and miso soup which both had great flavor. We split a grilled tiger shrimp mango salad which had some wonderful and different flavors. We asked for it to be spiced up a little and the heat level was perfect.This is a wonderful locally owned restaurant.
4	I finally tried Pan Asian and I was shocked how cheap the prices are on their menu.  Entrees are pretty much $5-10, appetizers less than $8.We got roti, chicken pad thai, drunken noodles and beef panang.  The roti was nice and hot - fluffy and a bit sweet...perfect for dipping in curry.  The pad thai was redder than most places' version but equally as good.  The beef panang was also great - lots of veggies and the curry was tasty.  Then there was the drunken noodles which Shawn got at spicy #10 - now,  I don't like spicy food but it was good and I liked it a lot.  I just had to wash it down with lots of Thai iced tea!  My nose was running because of it.  I'd order the drunken noodles again but at spicy #5.The service was also great.  Very attentive and always with a smile.  The place is clean.  Overall, the food was good and I was not disappointed especially with the prices being low.  Great food, great value!
5	Best asian food ive had in Las Vegas thus far, everything we tried was amazing tiger salad, tom ka soup, pad see ooo, fried ice cream! The salad is still something i crave and its been like a week! Staff was extremely friendly and made the experience that much better!
5	As a vegetarian, I am always looking for quality Thai restaurants.   Recently moving to Vegas, I looked up places near where I will be living and found Pan Asian.Great feeling when you first walk in.  Chef David greets you warmly and lets you know that your dining experience will be wonderful.  His menu had several items for non-meat eaters and the I had the Tofu Cashew.  Excellently prepared and perfectly tasty.  I will be coming back weekly!
5	Great service and amazing food.
4	Super delicious! Get the pad-see-yew with chicken at a spiciness of 4. This place is very spicy, so 4 is perfect!
5	It's been awhile since I've eaten here... but I do remember the tiger shrimp mango salad. It was delectable! Fast, friendly service.
4	My family and I enjoy going to this small but quaint restaurant on the west side of town.  It is a family business who serves the best basil fried rice in Vegas.  We also enjoy their tiger shrimp salad with mango.  I am not a big fan of really spicy food so mild or even 1 star of spice is good for me, otherwise, you'll be asking for refill of water because when they say hot, they mean hot!~  It's a must try if you are feeling like eating Asian food.  As for the other items on the menu, they aren't bad.  Let's just so, I've found what works for me on their menu and they keep me coming back for more!
5	tiger shrimp mango salad and great lunch specials!The service is always friendly and very fast. I go there for lunch during the weekday and it never disappoints. Everything I've tried on their lunch specials has always been really good. It is never busy in there, which is odd considering this place is REALLY good. It has a good mix of all Asian cuisine but I tend to stick to the Thai dishes.
4	Excellent place to get a variety of Asian cuisine! Went here for the first time for dinner and had quite the time. The service is excellent here. They were very attentive and friendly. We started off with the Fried Calamari and Wonton Soup. The calamari was cooked perfectly and was breaded with panko. I had never seen that done before but added a great crisp to the dish. The Wonton soup was amazing. The broth is well developed and delicious. The dumplings were juicy and tasted great!For entree my fiance got the Rad Nah Noodles and I got the Drunken Noodles. I tried her dish and it was awesome. The vegetables were cook well and not soggy like you find in some restaurants. It was a play on Beef and Broccoli but way better. With the Drunken Noodles I got them with Shrimp. The server let me know their restaurant is the hottest when it comes to spice level. I got 5/10 since it was my first time there. OMG SPICY! The noodles were perfect, shrimp great flavor, but it was incredibly SPICY. The server was awesome though, he saw how I was struggling so was diligent about filling my water. I jokingly said to him to just leave the pitcher and he did! Which worked out well for me because I never had to worry about waiting. Great service!My only issue with this restaurant is they don't serve any alcohol. Perhaps that was a good thing since I was chugging the water!
5	Awesome food, great spirit ,owners friendly ,satay great,#41 with beef and glass noodles with chicken yummy! Glad we stop and will make the trip from Cali again!Been her twice now, and loved it!
5	drove up to an empty parking lot. They're in THAILAND until the F**KING 23rd or some sillyness like that. lol
3	Smells yummy in here!
4	Pan Asian is an excellent family owned and operated Asian fusion restaurant.If you come at night, the first thing you will probably notice when you walk in is the harsh and very bright fluorescent lighting over the dining area. Like space ship bright. It would be so much nicer if they dimmed or completely changed the lighting. For lunch it's not really an issue.The atmosphere here leaves a lot to be desired. Thankfully the service and food make up for it. The service is excellent, waitstaff are super friendly and attentive. They are more than happy to answer any questions about the menu, suggest dishes, and honor special requests. The service is an easy 5-stars.The food is really good. Here are my favorite dishes:Mango and Tiger Prawn Salad 5/5This is a very well balanced combination of flavors. It's sweet, salty, tangy, and savory. The greens and herbs were crisp and fresh, the shrimp grilled to perfection. Red Curry with Crispy Duck 5/5This dish is phenomenal. It's not currently on the menu but it's almost always offered as a special. This is the signature dish here and you should not hesitate to order it. It's a little expensive compared to the rest of their menu, but you get a huge duck breast that is easily shared by two people. The duck breast is dredged in flour and deep fried to crispy perfection. Okay, fried duck breast and red curry sounds too rich, but they way the curry is done balances this dish perfectly. The red curry sauce is light, almost watery, and along with the usual vegetables it also has pineapple chunks and fresh grapes. It works perfectly with the rich fried duck breast. Very clever and highly recommended.Green Papaya Salad 5/5This salad is awesome, but be careful about the spice level. Even if you order it mild, it's still very spicy. The papaya is cut shoe-string style and comes with a fish sauce dressing that is delicious.The pineapple fried rice was pretty good but not great. It has a lot of flavor but it's extremely salty. Overall, the food and service here are top notch. Ingredients are fresh and flavors are bold yet well balanced. The lighting and atmosphere hold this place back. It's not the kind of setting you want to be in for a romantic dinner and you would not bring a date or business client here if you want to impress them with a nice ambiance. Thankfully you'll forget about these shortcomings when you dig into the food, because it's delicious.
4	Pan Asian. Which means go spicy or go home!Me and the wifey wanted to try this place out finally after driving by it so many times. The one time I actually stopped by to try them was when they went on vacation for almost 2 months. I guess everybody deserves some time off especially if you have your own restaurant. After looking over the menu I decided to go with the Chicken in Spicy Garlic Sauce. The wifey was not all that hungry so she went with the Spicy Tom Yum Soup. Now back to my very first statement. Our server asked us how spicy we wanted the soup. He said choose from 1 to 3. Now from what I remember skimming on some of the reviews, their spiciness is hotter than the norm. So when my wife wanted 3 I politely interrupted her and said to go for a 1. Im glad we did because after tasting the soup, (which was awesome btw) my lips were burning. Combine that with the Chicken in Garlic sauce, wow! That in itself was spicy. Im glad my dish came with a bowl of white steamed rice because if it didn't, I would literally have steam coming from my head!Now im assuming not all they have on their menu is burn a hole in your stomach spicy but once I was done with my meal, my clothes were all soggy with sweat, like I just came from the gym. Now if I can actually lose weight while eating here, then I am set! Who said multi tasking was hard?As for service, we got our order pretty quick. But then again there were only two other tables being served. So next time the real test is when they are packed. Which means more trips to try other awesome food on their menu!The only thing I thought that stuck out were the prices. We only ordered two items, but with tax and tip it was about 21 bucks. I think that's why lunch time is a hit here with the lunch specials.  Im kind of glad it was spicy because I probably would have ordered more food. Needless to say, we left satisfied.
4	I decided to try this place based on the Yelp reviews and the proximity to the office I was working out of while on my last business trip to Las Vegas.  I pulled up to the location and was almost scared off by what I saw from the outside.  It's not much to look at, but I told myself that all these positive reviews had to be for  a reason.I'm glad I didn't leave.  Everything I had to eat was full of flavor and cooked wonderfully.  On several dishes they ask you how hot you would like it, from 1 to 10, everyone in my party stuck at 5 or below and trust me that was a good thing.  Unless you like really hot stuff a 5 is plenty of heat!We shared a serving of the chicken wraps and I had a bowl of Pho, both of which were very good.  For the entree I had a duck curry, which came loaded with vegetables and I decided to go with 5 on the heat scale.  My mouth was on fire by the time I had finished, but it was a good fire!
5	Made a long overdue return visit to Pan Asian the other day and am excited to say they have retained their 5 star ways.  Had mostly done take out in previous ventures there so decided to have a nice sit down meal which allowed me to explore some of their off the menu specials.   Had an incredible Tilapia Red Curry which was worth the $10.95 and then some.  The spice levels still throw me off a little.   I didn't even throw out a number and simply said "medium" and was still clamoring for refills every few minutes.   That's by no means a complaint, but just a warning to anyone ordering for the first time (even though it's been emphasized several times already throughout the other reviews...)Also, I'm currently obsessed with Iced Tea but avoid Thai Tea due to the dairy elements.   I mentioned this to David and he got me a regular Tea (which is not listed on the menu).   Since the Thai Tea is presumably made from the regular tea + "other stuff", it's not like this was some crazy special order, but for those who share my iced tea obsession, it might be useful to know.
5	We came here and  ordered the pork spare ribs and the duck curry. Adding green grapes into the curry was an ingenious move and I loved it. The curry itself was light, perfectly flavored and just simply delicious. The spare ribs were equally yummy as well as the baby bok choy that was in the dish. I can't wait to come back here to try other dishes!
3	I came for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  They were located on S Durango Dr between W Desert Inn Dr and W Sahara Ave in Las Vegas.  I was surprised how many customers were there for such a remote location.I was disappointed that the Lunch Specials were only Monday- Friday.  They offer 5 entrees for $6.95-8.95.  The owner's wife wearing a chef's jacket greeted me and handed me a paper menu.  She thought I wanted food to go, but I sat down.  They had glossy paper menus on the tables.  They serve Thai, Chinese, Japanese, and Vietnamese cuisine.The owner took my order.  I wanted the Grilled Tiger Shrimp Mango Salad Thai Hot.  He suggested that I order it a "6".  I told him I wanted it a "10 Thai Hot".  It really was Thai Hot.  This was one of the few places I have found that makes Thai Hot.There were 5 grilled tiger shrimp with the tails on a bed of mixed greens, julienned mango, red onions, bell peppers, whole cashew nuts, Asian herbs, with a chili lime dressing.I will be back for lunch!
4	Wonderful little family owned restaurant. I had the Basil Fried Rice and it was very flavorful and delicious. They have an awesome menu featuring Japanese, Thai and Chinese cuisine. Awesome variety and I imagine everything tastes as good as it smells in their restaurant.
5	Thank you Yelpers! I was visiting in Las Vegas and had no idea where to get some good food and where to get away from the buffets. Read the reviews of Pan Asian and decided to try it out. Great food! Had satay and pad thai with chicken. Yum. Went with my son, so we shared both dishes. The pad thai was medium, which was perfect. The owner had just returned from vacation and talked to the regulars around us about his trip. Very friendly casual good place.
5	Difficult to locate from the street, David Wong's Pan Asian is truly one of those hidden gems in Las Vegas that everyone talks about. The small restaurant has become a staple lunch hangout for my colleagues and I due to its close proximity to my office, warm and friendly staff, and traditional Pan Asian food so good you immediately begin planning your next visit! The lunch specials are all the rage and can be yours for around $7 each. In my previous visit, I selected the Pad Thai and was not prepared for the gastronomical ecstasy I was about to be in for! To top it all off, David Wong himself was our server and I have yet to meet a nicer, more personable gentleman in the restaurant business.
5	Love this place ! Came for dinner with my hubby and we were the only ones there. Got greeted by the owner and his daughter. We ordered the Vietnamese chicken ravioli , filet mignon pho and drunk noodles . Everything was delicious and fresh . Can't wait to go back !
5	Order anything above spice level 5 and they stand by your table with an extinguisher. J/K if you love spice order the red curry tofu level 8. It's to die for. 2nd best way to heat things up.The staff was super attentive and our drinks were never half empty. I was warned up front of the spice level so there were no surprises except that they actually made it spicy, just the way I like it.
2	After a busy day of shopping, we had the hankering for Thai.  I pulled up my handy dandy Yelp app and saw this place had very good reviews.  We looked at a picture of the menu and decided on the Chicken Pad Thai, Pineapple Fried Rice and the Green Curry w/ Shrimp.  We placed our order over the phone as we wanted to utilize takeout and enjoy the meal from home.  I'm not sure if this altered the quality of the meal, but I think it has to.  I've NEVER had good Pad Thai takeout and this experience was no different.  Upon my arrival at home (10 minute drive), I opened the Pad Thai and it had a gelatinous casing like it was last night's Pad Thai.  I would have taken a picture but I don't think Takeout orders do justice for any establishment.  The Green Curry was OK, but they must be on the metric system w/ a high multiple as we ordered each dish w/ a "2" spice level.  They must have thought I said 20 because I was sweating after four bites of Pad Thai and a spoonful of Curry.  The Pineapple Fried Rice was the standout (in a good way) as the sweetness of the raisins and pineapple went well w/ the rice and the overall cook on the rice was on point.  The Green Curry was too spicy and overall was just OK.  I'm not sure if I would come back or not.
4	Went at opening on Sunday and was the first one there. Great easy location with plenty of parking. Friendly greeting and exceptionally nice staff. Iced tea and Gyoza to start. They were light and hot. Very tasty. Next  came the Grilled Tiger Shrimp Mango Salad. Enough for three to four people and super delicious. The lime dressing was outstanding. FRESH and lovely with mint and ripe mango. Massaman curry with chicken and basmati rice. It was mild and I wish that I had asked for it hotter. All in all a delightful meal and plenty of left overs for a couple days. Will definitely go back. Looking forward to their Pad Thai and Filet Mignon PHO. When I left the restaurant was filling up with an Asian clientele. Always a good sign!
1	I don't know how this place got so many high reviews.  Ordered Garlic Pepper Chicken and DW Fried Rice.Garlic Pepper Chicken, sauce was so watery, portion was so small for $8.95 not worth it.  DW fried rice, was terrible.  I would describe it as mush with soy sauce.  Was the mushiest fried rice I have ever had.  Took several bites but couldn't swallow anymore, had to throw it away.Will never go to this place again.  What a disappointment!  1st timers beware!
2	I am sorry I am used to another type of Thai. I dunno but I hated the pad Thai, I could not eat it in fact. The service was great and the place was pretty nice and clean.
5	Although very out of the way for me, I happened to be in the neighborhood while going to see my hair stylist. I was a little bit early so I decided to grab a quick lunch. I saw the ratings and thought this was the place. The service was solid and the prices were pretty standard. It was on a weekend, so I did not see the super awesome lunch special deals that some raved about. I ordered my go to dish that allows me to best gauge a new place - drunken noodles with chicken. These were probably the best drunken noodles I've had out of countless places that I have already tried. The price was around $11 and we also shared the calamari appetizer which was delicious at the time, but pretty forgettable. I wouldn't drive across town for the calamari, but I would go for their drunken noodles every time I am in the area to get my hair done (once a month on average). I heard the waiter make curry recommendations to other patrons, so after I have had my fill of the drunken noodles, I may venture on to the curry.
4	Thanks to you yelpers I decided to order take-out on the way home.  This is a nice, clean, small place and the people are friendly.  Had the yellow chicken curry which was really good and flavorful.  Also the singapore noodles which I love but wasn't expecting mushrooms.  I know every place makes them a little different so I will remember to ask for no mushrooms next time.  Also didn't care for peanuts in my curry either but that's just me.  Will come back again and try some other dishes.  Be sure to check for silverware though, I only received one plastic fork.
5	Good family owned restaurant.  They really care about serving their customers!  Definitely try the Pineapple Fried Rice
5	This is a great restaurant. The Thai food is excellent.  The chef can cook Lao style as well.  The whole fish is great and when I ask it as a spice level of 15, on a scale of 1 to 10, they really could accommodate me.  The owners are great and the food is fantastic.  I really do suggest you give it a try.
5	This about the 4th time I have been here and their food is still consistently good. Always have their tiger shrimp mango salad and the crispy duck curry. The crispy duck curry is a savory thai curry shimmered with the sweet pineapple and grapes, sometimes with lycee to balance out the spiciness, while the duck are fried super crispy. Its such a great dish. Although, really watch out their spicy level. When they ask you your spicy level, keep in mind they are thai standard spicy, not amrrican standard. Go level 3 if you want mild to medium, I had the level 5 and its burning me inside out. But i am still swallowing more food with my sweat. And the mango salad is a slightly cooked salad, which I love.I would say avoid their tom yum soup, they are alright and serve in bowls then pot. And tried their pork rib, they are favourable but too meaty for me. Overall it is a very good thai place out in the desert and even better than those in town. It is out off the strip but really worth going and to be away from the crowds and lines.
5	I  had to go back after tasting the delicious chicken wraps.  I had the basil chicken which was superb, the delicate flavor of the peppery basil with the chicken - outstanding.  My mom had the chicken linguine and loved it.  Check it out - close to the best Thai food I have tried in Las Vegas!
5	Talk about tasty food!! By far my favorite pho!! I have recommended this place to my freinds and co workers too!!
4	This small restaurant seems to make its dishes with love. Every dish we ordered tasted fresh and delicious, but portions were a bit small for the price...especially the curries.  My friend and I barely satisfied our hunger in spite of ordering 3 dishes between us to share.  However, the flavor and pleasant atmosphere was such that I will return in the future.
4	I really enjoyed the food here and the commitment to authentic Asian recipes. The Singapore noodles were fantastic... a hard order to fill once you've had them in Singapore! The wait staff was excellent and took the time to answer our questions and determine our spice level which was varied at the table. Their red curry with pumpkin and baby eggplant was delightful-- aromatic and the perfect blend of sweet and savory Everything was served beautifully. They even make their own ground pepper sprinkle, which adds more spice when you need it.Lastly, we saw another table order fried ice cream and thus did the same. A dough filled with shaved coconut, not too sweet, deep fried, surrounding a creamy middle. What a way to go!
5	Move over Lotus of Siam, there's a new kid in town! I was introduced to this place by one of my favorite bloggers, Wendy C. of  http://wendyfulworld.com/  She was on the money! David Wong's is now my go-to Thai in Las Vegas. His signature dishes, the Shrimp Mango Salad and Crispy Duck in Red Curry, are out of this world! The Pad See Yew and Pineapple Fried Rice are also authentic and tasty. They have a numbering system of 1 to 10, but beware, 5 is incredibly spicy!The bonus is you can bring your own wine or beer here, no corkage. I wanted to try their Mango with Sticky Rice but they were out. We ordered Fried Banana instead, but that was a disappointment. Guess we'll just have to come back for the Mango with Sticky Rice!
5	I was told they served Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese and Thai cuisine. I favor the Thai cuisine the most here considering the Thai people are the ones running the place.  We ordered the chicken lettuce wraps to start, Tom Yum Goong, Lad Nah and the mango shrimp salad. The lettuce wraps were good. Nothing that stood out but it was good. Honestly the Tom Yum Goong was not good at all. No flavor and too watery. The rest of the food made me forget about everything else I ate that night. My boyfriend asked for a 6 and he got an authentic Thai 6. He definitely didn't expect that heat. The Lad Nah was great. Exactly what I expect to eat at home. My mango shrimp salad was ordered with an 8 on the spicy scale. This was seriously the best salad I've ever had in my life. The flavors blended so seamlessly. I couldn't stop eating and wanted to order another order. They gave me an authentic 8 which I appreciated and devoured. They thought I was crazy until I told them I was Thai and we had a lengthy conversation about Thailand. This salad was the reason I gave them five stars instead of knocking them down a star for the soup. Definitely revisiting soon.
1	No clue how this place is rated 4.5 stars. Hair in my pho. Awkward staff that watch you eat. Can I please just enjoy my food in peace please? Colleagues ordered panang curry which was mediocre. Definitely won't go back and stunned by the reviews.
5	David Wong-he is the Bomb!just ate here fo the first time and the Food here hands down is awesome it's a cool lil spot and the service is exceptional to the food! I'll come back here and try and order everything ! If you've only heard of this place now, go in and order, pretty much everything is bomb at this point!
5	Outstanding!! I have been here a few times for lunch and I always get the pad thai which is delicious. The best I have had in Las Vegas. My boyfriend gets the curries which I have to have some of.. The yellow curry is amazing and the veggies are super fresh! Wonton soup is top notch! Next to the food being incredible the service is simply outstanding!! They make you feel so welcome and they are always cheerful!! If you havent tried this place.. you MUST!!!
5	Outstanding food and a wonderful owner who sets the positive and friendly tone for the restaurant. I had the Tom Yum soup (#[17) and drunken noodle (#40). Both excellent but watch how hot you want it. They'll make it to your taste - but I d advise 3 unless you like it very spicy!
4	The food is great. have eaten there almost every month for the last year.  I really don't like the fluorescent lighting though. thats the only thing I would change.
4	I was craving pad thai and tom yum soup like crazy and they delivered perfection. It was amazing. The only downfall was the portion size. It was a little small, even for me, and I'm a very small girl, but I'd definitely come here again.
5	HAPPY LUNCHI once lived along Florida's Gold Coast and so did Pan Asian's David Wong. And I've been to Thailand multiple times in recent years. We chatted a bit about the cost of living in Bangkok and how it's become so expensive to live there. David also mentioned one of the reasons he moved to LAS from Naples, FL.  Snow birds aren't full time residents and his restaurant business needed full time customers.Being that I'm from Hendertucky, it's a long trek no matter how I wanted to zig zag across the valley streets. Fortunately, I had a few appointments on the west side of the valley and so it was a must that I try Pan Asian.David Wong is a very charismatic man especially with his friendly Thai demeanor. We decided not to order from the lunch categories but from the dinner selections. Of course the Pad See Ew with pork is a must and for a market test his Panang curry with eggplant and chicken. We sort of came in at the tail end of the lunch rush, so our lunch arrived post haste. The aroma from the simple dishes were irresistibly enticing that Yu-go chauffeur almost didn't take his photos of our meal. By way of David's advice we ask that the Thai heat (spiciness) of three be applied.  We're talking three out of ten.I have to say we were most impressed with the wok skills of Lily, David's wife. Ingredients meeting at the right temperature that enabled the Thai spices to meld into a consistent experience of Thai cuisine in it's intended full fragrance and taste.Now that I've eaten here,  I can further appreciate David Wong's other advice while he was serving our lunch: "Children, do not fight for the food." with a smile. Let's just say both dishes were crazy good.
4	The food is fresh with excellent taste. The service is prompt. Only the setting is casual in a shopping center.
5	Wow, this place has really good Thai food, if u like the real spicy food Highly recommend!!!
4	Good Asian fusion food, especially for its price. Food is great. We tried 8 different dishes on the menu and you could not go wrong with any of them. The pineapple fried rice was definitely savory and packed with flavor. Chicken lettuce wrap was a good appetizer to share. Chicken ravioli appetizer was also good, but it seemed more like dumplings. I suggest sharing food family style so you can try the many great dishes here.Thai tea/coffee was good but it's on the pretty sweet side. You may want to ask them not to make it so sweet beforehand. service was great - friendly interaction with the whole staff - not just the waiter but the chef and sous chefs. Easy seating, very attentive. Bathroom is clean, so the kitchen is clean too! I'd go back here.
4	This place is great. Friendly staff everything is fresh. Noodle soup is great lots of meat not loaded with veggies like most. And I love hot food but this place takes the heat scale to a new level so lower your usual number but those of us who like hot this is your place. Wish the menu had a larger selection of conventional Chinese options just because I'm sure they would be great
5	The BEST Thai in town. Not just in my hood, but the best period. I'm not usually regretful but I'm seriously upset that I just recently discovered this gem. The Massaman curry is amazing. With big chunks of sweet potato and buttery avocado, "It's the best Jerry, the best!" Spicy #7 is ALL I can handle. They do 1-10 on the spicy scale and we're talking serious heat here. If my Thai food doesn't cause a runny nose, I don't wanna eat it. David Wong's does the trick every time. If you order spicy #5 at your usual Thai joint, you probably wanna cut that down to about a #2 at Pan Asia. If you LIKE Thai food, try David Wong's, and you will LOVE Thai food.
5	Pan Asian serves really good food. I ordered the Pad Si Ew and they actually made it with fat noodles, the true Thai way. I also split a Papaya Salad and that was excellent as well. I took a Thai cooking course while in Thailand last year and the food Pan Asian served was as good as that taught to me by the master chef from my course. The service was really good as well.  The owner broke a glass but rather than freaking out or getting flustered, he quickly took a drink order and then cleaned it up. One other thing with mentioning is that it's very reasonably priced! Two meals and tea came to a grand total of just $20!
3	Came for a Monday night dinner, and in retrospect I'm pretty surprised by the 4.5-star rating. 4 at best, 3.5-star experience for us.If you come at night, the ambience is glaringly lit with fluorescents. This is a typical hole-in-the-wall asian eatery, lacking decor and using paper menus. Service is a bit overly attentive and with a smile, and it's not to their discredit but I don't think they understood anything we said. We received the wrong check, but got our water refreshed every 3 minutes, which was necessary with how FRICKIN HOT their food is. I ordered the Beef Rice Noodle "Pho" bowl ($8), and my boyfriend got the Massaman curry ($10). When asked if we wanted it hot (which we can usually handle in restaurants that practice humanitarianism) we said "medium," thinking we'd get something palatably spicy but not "hot." I couldn't physically eat my meal, as it was laced with so much chili oil that my throat literally felt like it was bleeding and my lips were swelling up. My boyfriend went through multiple napkins for nose-blowing, excused himself for the restroom, and continued blowing his nose. I drank at least 2 liters of ice water during my meal. We swapped meals halfway through to diversify the flavor-pain experience. For the good of your clientele, if a Caucasian person asks for "medium," just nod and give them "mild." Or explain the impending doom that's about to occur. Anything, please. Please god. Why three stars? I could tell that underneath all the chili oil that the food was actually very tasty. In the moments where I wasn't thinking about running into traffic, the meal was actually very enjoyable. I would return, with a strict MILD ONLY PLEASE, and probably have a better time.
4	First word that comes to mind: SPICY!Watch the spice level!  1-10 is not the same as other places... so when they warn you, please take heed.  I really like Pan Asian.  When we went on Saturday- we were the first customers in the joint.  They accommodated our party of 9 + a baby.  It's not a very large place.. We literally took up half of the restaurant.Our waiter was very polite, as was the rest of the staff.  He made a lot of good suggestions, warned us about the heat levels.... and immediately took our order since we had some time to look at the menus .  I don't even remember what everyone else had.. but i remember what I had. ha! I started with the malaysian roti because I love that stuff... and Pan Asian did not disappoint.   The yellow curry was creamy and full of flavor.    My entree: was MORE CURRY! Massaman, and I love it!  *What I do remember is my daughter ordering the vietnamese shrimp ravioli and marking the heat at 1-- and it was WAAAAAY to hot... even for the spice lovers at the table.  Next time we are ordering with 0 spice.  hahaha.. seriously.  If this place wasn't so far I'd be visiting as often as we visit our favorite local thai joint in our area.   But it's a definite must try.  there's plenty of different items to choose from... and if you have no idea, let them know what you're feeling and they'll definitely point you in the right direction!
5	This place is excellent.  Komol will always be my favorite Thai restaurant for vegetarian food, but Pan Asian is the place to go in Vegas for their Massaman Curry, Pad Thai, and Papaya Salad.  So many other things are delicious on the menu too- you really can't go wrong. The owner is amazing too- he has an incredible memory and always remembers you... never writes down your order even if you're with a large group and always gets it right!  How does he do that???
5	Yummy!
4	A very casual atmosphere, but nicely presented dishes. We enjoyed the papaya salad. Very fresh. We also liked the curry chicken. The staff were friendly and fun. The chicken satay is also very tender and flavorful.
5	I drive 28 miles round trip to pick up food from Pan Asian, that's how much I love this place! My favorites are the tiger shrimp mango salad, pad see ew, and panang curry although I have yet to try something on the menu that I didn't like.
2	Tried this place last night based on the reviews.  People spicy does not mean good! We started with Tom Khar soup.  It was awful.  I don't think they had any prepared and threw it together because the ingredients were under cooked. We ordered Basil Sauce stir fry with shrimp, Pad Si Ew and Pad Thai. The Pad Si Ew was the best dish, well flavored.  The vegetables in the stir fry were not great and neither was the shrimp, green beans were tough and under cooked.  The Pad Thai tasted like they used sweet and sour sauce over noodles and the noodles were over cooked.  Pretty disappointing.  I will go back to Archi's for Thai.
1	I am very disappointed... This was my absolute favorite place for pad thai in Vegas. Went for lunch today, got my usual and BAM! it was HORRIBLE! Tasted slimy and fishy... I sent it back nicely and told him that his pad thai is my absolute favorite and today it just isnt right... Well, he started talking to the cook and she got mad, said she didnt put fish sauce in it and that something is wrong with me because they make it the same way everytime. Ok. Then Mr Wong, takes it in the back and tastes it and proceeds to tell me that it must be me because it tastes fine and that maybe it was just too spicy for me. I have eaten the pad thai here over a dozen times now - I order it the same exact way everytime. So much for awesome customer service... I wont be back.
4	So many four and five star reviews from Yelp Elite can't be wrong, right?RIGHT!Picked up asian takeout for three tonight for just under $30- seafood soup, beef pad se ew, and chicken masaman curry, extra side of rice. Portions were okay but were split among three, pricing was fair but seafood soup could have been larger. Good for $7 price, but not a meal on its own. Curry was heavy on the potatoes, so with the rice it was pretty starchy, but that kept it from being too spicy. Pad se ew was among the best BF has had, and it's the main thai dish he gets everywhere we go.Side note about the soup: pick out the green pepper pieces prior to eating unless you want to spit out your soup in spicy surprise. Otherwise, the mix of crab, mussels, shrimp, and octopus is delightful.Service was good. Ordered to go, just a few minutes prior to close, and was helped with a smile and the order was out quick. Saw a few pictures of dishes above the counter after we ordered, but did not find them on the menu itself- shrimp and fish ball soup, duck soup, etc., unclear whether they're special features, by request only, or no longer on the menu.Would come back here, and we'd likely try different dishes- the garlic chicken in particular caught my eye, as did the drunken noodles. Maybe better for lunch specials though, pricing looks a little better at ~$7/dish.
4	Yes, I dropped a star. Gasp! Why?!Well, I've been back here a number of times since I reviewed it. But I'd also been there a few times before the review. Anyway. As life often has it - with more experience comes a shift in POV.I think Pan Asian is confused.1. Portions and thought into the food is relative to that of fine dining. Portions are small. It's relatively expensive for this reason. The food definitely has its own personal style and preference. Not a bad thing, but I'm finding being "Asian" cuisine means nothing is outstanding and exceptional - but instead good and interesting. The plating of food has taken a recent step up. Presentation has always been good. I did notice prep time dramatically dropped.2. The inside is sort of hybrid between low budget and nice. If you look at the flooring, it's bricks. The walls are red with nice decoration. There are curtains (which NEED to be closed towards the end of the day before we all die of sunburns). The tables and chairs feel cheap. The menu is MEGA cheap, but appropriate for take-out. 3. Service has always been generally good, though occasionally forgetful of details.4. A bit out of place as a point but... the tea got cheaper. It used to be jasmine tea. Now it is something that all THREE of us said tastes like burned cooking oil.I think it would really help them out to decide what their goal is here. It's a mixed bag. Is it fine dining hiding in an economy sort of shell? Is it a take-out "Asian" place that has stepped it up? Knowing a bit about them I know they came from fine dining and it shows, but it just isn't clear what the mission is anymore.
3	I don't remember being so disappointed in a restaurant.  Not because the food or experience was so bad...but because all the reviews were so positive.  Perhaps my expectations were too high???Let me start with the positive.  Service was very personal and very attentive.  Prices were very reasonable.  The food was mediocre at best.  Chicken Satay was not very flavorful.  The peanut sauce looked like it came from a bottle.The Ravioli app was okay.  The wrap was good and the presentation was great, but the filling was over-processed and flavorless.The Duck Curry was good.  The curry was a bit runny.  The ribs were probably the best thing we ordered.  The XO sauce was really good but I felt that the ribs were overcooked.  The beef salad was really bad.  Poor slices of beef...some cut with the grain and tough to chew.  The salad looked like the regular spring mix that you pick up at the market.  The basil fried rice was especially bad.  This is a dish we get at all Thai restaurants and the entree we use to compare restaurants.  Theirs is heavy on the soy sauce and not very deep with flavors.We might try it for the lunch specials but unlikely that we would return for dinner.
5	This is my second time here and I just love the service.   Other places that shall remain nameless treat you like you are an inconvenience..hard to get refils, dont offer advice, just general lack of personable qualities.  Now about the food. Had massaman curry and drunken noodles first visit.  Both soild choices and would order again.   This time got the tom kha soup spice level 2 (just a hint of heat for me) on recommendation of another review.  The flavor is very good but I prefer it a bit more creamy like kinnaree or thai noodle house.  Always get roti...its sinfully good here.  Will be back to try more when I  the area!
5	I have been to many Tai places in Vegas and none of them compare to Pan Asian. I absolutely love the unique twist on the Pad Tai they offer here. Now when I have it anywhere else it just does not live up to theirs. This includes Lotus of Siam. I go here often and will continue to do so. The service is fantastic and the owners treat their customers well.
3	Been here twice so far.First visit:Came here for dinner and ordered the duck curry on a yelper's recommendation. Absolutely love the duck curry. To quote another yelper, "The crispy duck curry is a savory thai curry shimmered with the sweet pineapple and grapes, sometimes with lycee to balance out the spiciness, while the duck are fried super crispy." This is one dish that I tried on that yelper's recommendation and it was superb. LOVE IT! Just be careful with regards to the spice level. If you can't take spicy, go mild. I think I had mine at level 6 or 7 and it was somewhat burning my mouth. And I generally have my food spicy. So you've been warned.Ps. The duck curry is not on their menu. You have to ask for this dish specifically. Remember to check with the staff on the price. I remember I was a little shocked when I saw the bill.Second visit:Decide to come here and try out their lunch specials. Ordered the beef noodle soup (pho) and omg, bad decision. As we know, the broth is the backbone of any kind of noodle soup and my beef noodle soup was literally drowned in salt. I could feel the sodium kicking into my system and it did not go well with me at all. Other than the sodium laden broth, I honestly cannot remember anything else about my dish. My friends who ordered other dishes (I can't recall what their orders were now) were also complaining about their food, although i can't quite remember what their complaints were. Overall, none of us enjoyed our lunch experience that afternoon. Service was good, and that's probably why I gave this place a 3-star. After my second visit, I think I am just going to have to stick to only my duck curry from now on. That is how traumatized I've become after having that beef noodle soup.
5	Pan Asian is in my opinion hands down the best Asian food restaurant that Vegas has to offer. It's a little hidden gem that hardly ever seems busy but wow! The food is great, I keep going back to either the Pad Thai or the fried rice, they are both fantastic! The service is phenomenal and the owner is almost always in the restaurant and knows many of his customers by face, if not name. Be ware though, when they say spicy..they mean SPICY! A spicy level 2 there is comparable to a 5 at other Asian places..so a 10 is hot hot hot! Definitely my favorite Thai restaurant by far!
5	I tried a lot of Thai places around Vegas, Pan Asian is in the top 3.We ordered takeout for pineapple fried rice and pad see-ew... very good!
5	David Wongs Pan Asian is hands down one of the best new discovery of mine! First of walking into a clean mom and pop restaurant these days alone is a plus let alone being genuinely greeted by the owner and staff. Then the menu is pretty traditional except for the filet mignon pho which is delicious! Best of all the price are so cheap! Well done Mr Wong
5	It's been a while since I've returned to Pan Asian, but I don't know why.  This place still serves up some great food.  My friends and I came in for lunch on a recent Friday after a morning of training; food tastes even better when it's recovery food, IMHO.  The lunch specials are still a good option. We shared the still fabulously refreshing tiger shrimp mango salad and I had the chicken panang lunch.  My only gripe is that brown rice is $2.50; really?  I am not willing to pay that much.  Other than that, I still love this place and I really won't wait so long to eat here again.
4	Decent prices, authentic food, SPICYWhatever spice lvl you're used to getting, go down about 2-3. I thought I was manly and got a lvl 8 pad-see-ew... was literally tearing, my friend had a good laugh. It depends on the dish though as my friends chicken was fine (also an 8). Definitely recommend if your into Thai food
5	Oh yes, it is true, I have found a new favorite Thai place. And yes I will drive back to the complete other side of town for this spice again, and again, and again. I was dining solo, and on Durango so I figured  would take my fellow Elite yelper Shawn's recommendation for Thai. I walked into Pan Asian and was greeted and told to sit anywhere. As I went over the menu, I couldn't help but hear the table of 6 across from me talk about this place and "their spice level". One guy said how he won't go over a level 5. If you know me, and spicy, I was instantly intrigued! I ordered some pot stickers (some of the best I have ever had) and the order of garlic and black pepper chicken, level 8. The boss/server guy looked at me and said "here, level 8 is very spicy, not like other Thai" I simply looked back, smiled, and said "GOOD."When my plate arrived I could see the spicy. I started to get a bit nervous but then brushed it off. I was there alone, and I just told the boss I can handle it, can't wimp out now! It was perfection! Yes I may have ordered a 2nd Thai iced tea, and my eyes may have been a bit watery at times. But did I finish it? YES. Will I order it again? HELL YES. I love being the white girl who impresses the old Thai people. When my guy came to check on me he asked if it was too spicy, I told him it indeed was spicy, but perfectly spicy. It's about time there is a place I can brag about to my friends when they want a real heat level. Good quality Thai food, and great service. I can't wait to return and try something else!!
5	Hands down my favorite little Thai place in Vegas. My family and I have been coming here for so long that the owner Dave knows our order! He is always so friendly and warm. The food is consistently delicious and fresh every time. I rotate between the sweet and sour chicken or the garlic pepper chicken and veggie fried rice. Be warned of the spice rating here, a level 10 is REALLY hot. My brother who is a spice fanatic has actually requested a level 20 dish which Dave accommodated! I don't know how he ate it but he ate the whole thing. Everything I have tried has been tasty here, from the gzoya, the Malaysian curry, to the chicken satay. Yum!
5	We're back in Vegas for the WCC basketball tournament, and like last year have lunched here three times. The owner, staff, and food are all great. I would come to LV just to eat here. We love U Pan Asian
5	Referred by a friend who asked "do you like great Thai food?", my answer "yes and I have had some really good Thai but not great locally". Instructed to order slow roasted duck not on the regular menu it was fantastic! As was the pad Thai, and soup.
5	This is quite possibly the best Thai food I've ever eaten.I'm from North Dakota, so I don't have many options...but still.  I dated a girl from Thailand many years ago, so I've tried my share of the cuisine.  And this place is solid.Everything I've tried here has been outstanding.  Pleasant presentation, complex flavors.The owners are very kind and take great care in making sure the customer has a good experience.One last thing:  be careful with the spice levels.  I had to convince Mr. Wong into letting me have the panang curry at level 5.  It was probably the equivalent of a 7 or 8 at other places in town.  My parents had take out recently and ordered at level 7 - that couldn't have gone well!  :)Stop by if you're in the area, you won't be disappointed.
5	Nice little place.  Food is good quality.  Came here for the Hainam Chicken.  Closest thing to it in Vegas as I'm spoiled with this dish in California.
4	Vegas has many Thai restaurants to choose from, but this one stands out solely based on Chef David Wong, he greets all his guests and makes sure everything is to your liking. The food is great and very reasonably priced, main entrees anywhere from $9 to $14 dollars. The quality and freshness are superb. I got the Pad see-ew at a level 7 spice (1-10 spice levels) it was hot and delicious. I will be back.
5	David was really attentive & made us feel like Home. The service & food are excellent Give yourself a treat and check this place out! It truly is a hidden gem:)
5	I'm wary of Yelp recommendations, as I've been led to some seriously mediocre food and non-existent places based on rave reviews from either fake, paid, or foolish people. I decided to give this place a shot anyway; it was the most pleasant dining experience I've had in years. I had a truly outstanding Masaman curry, and there was a great mix of casual and fine dining atmospheres. I suspect this place will grow quickly and lose the affordable, sincere charm like some other Thai places I used to love (Hi, Archi's!), but I'm going to enjoy it while it lasts.
4	I had been here twice before and was not impressed. I ordered pad thai both times, my metric for all thai restaurants. If you cant make good pad thai how good can anything else be?  Theirs was mediocre nothing special. I wasn't planning on a return. But I read the rave reviews again and noticed no one talked about their pad thai. So i gave them another shot since they are close to home. I had the pork ribs and beef garlic pepper. Quite amazing. Flavorful, complex sauces. Loved it. It was too hot (7), but thats my fault for not heeding other reviewers warnings. Good service.
5	Tonight's meal consisted of the usual faves; Pad See Yew, Pad Thai, Pineapple Fried Rice, Spicy Linguine, and Duck Curry ( husband likes quack quack) , but we were also introduced to one of the  specials, Volcano Chicken (YumME!) We also tried the Garlic Pepper chicken (super good), the DW Fried Rice ( good but still prefer the pineapple rice) and finally sampled two of the desserts- the Cheesecake Tempura & Fried Ice cream! Everyone agreed that the fried ice cream was better of the two.As usual, EVERYTHING was perfect! We now have created 3 more Pan Asian addicts!!!We love you Dave & Lisa!!!!
5	Every dish we had was great. A group of four of us shared the mango salad, sweet and sour chicken, and a couple appetizer type foods.
4	I have been coming here for a few months the food is consistent and pretty good I usually do take out place because it is in need of a renovation. So this review is based on the food alone
4	Pan Asian- I'm feeling Hot Hot Hot I completely fell in love with some of the menu items and others I probably wouldn't order again. In Love- Beef Pho was ridiculously good, the broth was well balanced we ordered a spice level of 3 and it was perfect. Basil Fried Rice easily the best fried rice I've had since moving to Vegas it wasn't dry and it was full of flavor spice level 4. Pad Thai was delicious we ordered a 4 but ended up adding additional chili powder and hot sauce. We should've ordered a 6 or a 7 but once again the flavors were oh soo good.Tried but didn't love it- Tom Yum soup spice level of 2, this could be just me but something was very bland about this dish compared to my local joint. Gyoza, don't get me wrong it was good with a nice crispy exterior and moist filling but it wasn't amazing. Massaman curry spice level 4 we added lots more chili powder once again this was a great dish but it didn't stand out amongst the many other times I've ordered it. Side note- they were out of the mango sticky rice dessert. Overall I will definitely come back to order my favorites here and I'm not scared to kick up the spice level next time either. They keep the water coming during your meal so don't be skeered.
5	Great curry and shrimp salad small local place but will defiantly going back next time in town
3	Too Americanized for my taste.  Limited menu.  Portions are tiny.  Quality of food is a bit above average, but only a little bit.  We must have tried about 10 different dishes and it was disappointing.  It is located pretty far from the strip.  I imagine this kind of food in Beverly Hills or at a restaurant in a mid level casino--again, you know, a bit too Americanized.
2	Finding good Chinese and Thai Food in Las Vegas is "hit or miss".This is a miss. Friendly staff that aims to please, but they can not make up for the size of the smaller portions, and lower quality of the ingredients.My Asian wife ordered the Spicy Basil with Shrimp, so she would have a comparison to Archie's Kitchen.  The Shrimp were noticably smaller and fewer than Archies. The over all portion was smaller, and the taste just was not there.I tried the Pad Thai. It was just medicore. My take, they can get your meal fast, and if you are desparate for take out with a mediocre taste, this is your place.Honestly, their prices rival a decent Thai place with better atmosphere, but obviously they put profit before pride.  They are fortunate there is a Church next door, which fills the place up with good hearted youth, who will accept less when it comes to quality, in return for time to fellowship together. This means they will no doubt stay around for a while.
3	TIP: Skip the appetizers - Small amount for the price. We had the fried spring rolls.We had the Beef Pho and Beef Pad Thai. Both were freshly made, great taste, and good presentation.Service was good, but nothing exceptional.Price is good for the main entrees.I only gave it three stars as the their spiciness scale is crazy! We love spicy food and normally order closer to a 7 or 8 on the 1-10 spicy scale. We got a 4 on the Pho and a 6 on the pad thai and both us could not handle that spiciness. A little fair warning would have been nice. The restaurant is on the small side, but is comfortable and clean. We will be back, but will order something less spicy and will try some of their more authentic dishes.
5	Very nice staff. The food has a lot of flavor, but be careful because their spicy degree is very high, so start off 2 or 3. Everything is yummy!
3	3 stars. Not because their food isn't yummy (It IS!) but it is an incredibly small place and on more than one occasion, we had to go elsewhere because they had no more room and others already waiting. Which is a total bummer! At least that says something good about the food though,eh? The food is really good, fresh and a great value for the price. (Enough for dinner and leftovers) However, be very careful about the spice scale, cause it's nuts. My hubby usually gets like an 8 at most places, but he got a 4 here and it was BEYOND spicy. Like, he had to throw it away cause it burned so bad kinda spicy. I got a 1 cause I'm a wuss and it was perfect :)Other than that, they are super friendly and I really hope they increase their seating capacity, cause we enjoy eating here!
3	My girlfriend and I stopped at Pan Asian for some sweet and sour chicken stir fry to go. We are new to the area, and we were told to go to another Chinese restaurant, but we found this place on Yelp and saw the incredible reviews. The price was a bit more than I'm used to for picking up some Chinese, but we figured it was for quality and authenticity. When we got in, the guy there was SO friendly. It was almost closing time, but he was so enthusiastic about helping us. He even set us up with water while we waited! At this point, I was thinking how this place is shaping up for a 5 star. He asked about how spicy we wanted our chicken. I said I wanted mine a little spicy, my girlfriend said not at all. He asked "0-10?" And I said...6? He made a shocked face like, no, that's spicy! I remembered the reviews saying this place was spicy, and I said ok ok, 5. I like spicy foods, I eat them frequently, but I don't like to not enjoy eating something cause it burns. I told him "not TOO spicy" and he went off to make the food. We were impressed because we watched him slice up the fresh veggies for the dish, and everything looked really good. We got home, and my girlfriend tried hers... Delicious! I tried mine... And I thought, huh. This is a 5!?!?After a few more bites, my mouth was burning. Bad. But whatever, I usually like spicy food, so I figured it was right at the end of my tolerance. I was wrong. After eating some more, my stomach started to bother me, and it messed my stomach up all night. It was SPICY. We were very excited to make this our local Chinese place. Although it was more expensive, it appeared to be fresh, the service was friendly, and we liked the atmosphere in the restaurant. However after this experience, I'm going to have to wait awhile before I go back. I see other reviews mention this spicy thing. I generally love a place that is brave enough to make their spicy actually spicy. However, if someone is giving you a FIVE out of ten, it shouldn't be so hot it's difficult to eat. Using a scale like that is supposed to be a scale of what the average person considers 0-10, not what they do.... Otherwise it's useless.
3	dont order the pad thai here it tastes strange and the noodles are all stuck together . mannee thai had much.better pad thai.
5	First time client. Hands down some of the best Thai food in Vegas @DavidWong is the man! Definitely will be recommending this location
5	Ok so I went back a second time almost a year later and I have to say that it was MUCH better than my first visit. I don't know if they changed anything but it was fantastic! Food was great! Had the pineapple fried rice, gyoza, sweet and sour chicken and the special of pork ribs - presentation was perfect and the taste was fantastic. I would definitely go back.
5	This place is a little out of the way but, you can't help but return time and time again! The Tom Kar soup is sooooo good! Then right into the Volcano chicken this dish is the best. A large portion of chicken in a sauce that you can have spicy warm or take it to untold heat no human should subject themselves to. This is on a layer of lettuce that makes a perfect wrap. There is a delicious way to calm the volcano and that is fried ice-cream another way to justify the calories to cool the burn. I love this place and will be back many many more times. The only bad thing about this place is when I take my out of town friends and family there that is the only place they want to eat when they visit. Ok that's not a bad thing we invite people here just to have another reason to come here.Thanks for your great attitude and personable experience Dave keep it up.
5	Excellent. David the owner (I guess) is funny and jokes with you. We had the yellow curry chicken...heat level 1.No heat. :)And pad thai....heat level 3.Heat stays for just a minute, then gone. :)Food so good.Two thumbs up
5	Very friendly service.  The duck with red curry is the best. Duck is crispy on the outside juicy on the inside. The curry is full of flavor. Be careful of your spice level I ordered level 8 and was pouring sweat but didn't want to stop eating because it was SOOO good. My favorite place to eat
5	This place is awesome! We walked in, not too busy. I ordered the drunken noodles because that's one of my favorite things to get. I ordered it Thai spicy! I could hear the cook and the server yelling at each other, the cook was asking her if I really wanted Thai spicy. The cook came out and asked if I was sure I wanted it that hot, I told him absolutely. We got our food and the first few bites were of course delicious, but then I started to feel the heat. I was sweating and in pain but it had such good flavor I couldn't stop eating. Next time I'll get it less spicy but I loved their drunken noodles.
4	We stopped here for a bite to eat after Wine down Wednesday at The Silverton. Traci T raves about it and we caught it before they closed! I got Massaman Curry dinner, no spice. When we got it home Traci T said I got about half the size that portion usually is. Bummer since it was sooo good. I'll try it again but I'll make sure before I leave I got the right portion size.
5	Amazing food. Everything was filled with so many wonderful flavors. And the owner was a great host. An excellent experience.
3	Pan Asian has been on my "to try" list for what seems like a decade.  We finally travelled  to that side of town to celebrate a friends' birthday dinner.  Sadly, I wasn't that impressed and several members of our group went home that evening with stomach troubles.  We tried a variety of dishes and the ones that really stood out to me were the Malaysian Roti and the Tempura Cheesecake!  The roti was crisp and not too greasy.  The curry sauce on the side was full of flavor but I wished it was a tad thicker.  I didn't expect the cheesecake to be as good as it was - the batter was light and the cheesecake was nice and tangy.  Some other dishes we got were: shrimp salad, fried tofu, basil fried rice, pad see yew, and panang curry.  IMO everything was on the salty side as I feel like I had a gallon of water while I was there.  None of these really stood out to me.  I've had better versions of all these dishes elsewhere.  Restaurant was nicely decorated (really like the open kitchen so you can see what the chefs are up to) and service was top notch. Maybe I just had such high expectations because I've heard so many good things about this place but it most definitely did not live up to expectations.
2	All these raving reviews must be from non Asians or Asians with bad taste. This place is at best mediocre. Greasy. Small portions compared to what real Chinese restaurants offer. And a grab bag of Asian cuisines all clumped under 1 roof. You don't see a "Pan European" anywhere and hear the French exclaiming how delicious the food is.
5	Very nice restaurant indeed. Clean and tidy. Very friendly staff, food comes fast. Had the mix veggies with pork, taste perfect.Definitely a place worth a second or more visits.Just read the review of a user initial JB, so here it is-- I am Chinese and I don't think I have bad taste in food at all. I liked the dish they served and I couldn't finish it all because the quantity was a bit too much for me, but the quality was really good. Enough said.
5	I really enjoyed the envirement at this restaurant. The customer service was great and they were very happy and sweet. I had the phad thai and it was delicious. I will make sure to go back.
1	Well, I decided to try this restaurant while visiting Las Vegas about a week ago because of the good reviews that it received on yelp. ..HOWEVER I BEG TO DIFFER... The restaurant was clean and tidy. The staff were friendly and attentive.The food: Yes, the food was NOT GOOD, at all. I have had A LOT better. I ordered the hynai chicken (one of their special) and it was plain and blah. Basically, boiled chicken breast over white rice. My husband, who almost always eat whatever and isn't picky got the pad thai and took only one bite. The noodle was soggy and sticky, nothing like the picture that they deceived us with. I would never go back!
5	Glorious find off Strip! Wanna get away from the buffets and glitzy food joints on the Strip? Want some authentic Asian food? Then go to David Wong's! Just about 10 minutes off the Strip on the way to Red Rocks located in a quiet neighborhood shopping center. The food was fantastic. We had the crispy tofu and edamame for appetizers. For entree we got yellow curry w chicken and the pad EE sew. We asked for crispy tofu with that one but it came out with chicken instead. Chef Wong himself came out and apologized and made a new order immediately. I was impressed. I was half expecting him to just fry some tofu then bring it on the side not remake an entire dish. Great customer service. I thought it was a great sign that there were a couple of regular locals that came in and he even greeted them by name from he open kitchen. Such a different spin from the usual hectic "give me your order then give me your money" Chinese places back home.
3	The service here is just like any typical asian place, not really stellar or anything.The crying tiger salad for me was very weird like it had this crunchy thing that made me just want to stop eating it. The fried rice was good but the chicken was kinda bland, but rice was so flavorful. The beef noodle soup was very good spicy and delicious.
4	Came for lunch because I heard they have good pad see yew, and I love pad see yew! FOODPad see yew with Tofu (4 stars): You choose how spicy you want it, level 1 to 10, and the chilis are SPICY so be careful! I chose a 1 sine I was warned about the spice, but I couldn't taste any chili so I asked them to bring out chili and it tasted much better. Next time I think I'll go for a 3. My friend got a 4 and it was spicy, pretty sure a 5 would make me cry, haha. Can't even imagine what a 10 tastes like. Everything tasted fresh. The tofu could have had more flavor, but the noodles were really good! And the egg in it was really good too, soaked up the sauce!I need to come back and try more.SERVICE (5 stars)The waitress was really on top of everything, always filling our waters, which was needed when we added more spice to our dishes, haha. The place is really clean and has a nice atmosphere also. There's only 1 bathroom but it was clean.
4	My husband discovered this place a while back, really liked it and came back today with the whole family. I highly recommend the Scallop Amok (scallops, napa cabbage, lime leaf, lemon grass, chili, basil, and coconut steamed in banana leaf Cambodian style) that traditionally is cooked for four hours! It tastes like a spicy seafood egg custard. Pad see-yew  which is a pan fried noodles with Chinese broccoli, black soy beans and  egg is just okay.  Pork red curry with pumpkin eggplant bell peppers coconut milk is too sweet for my taste. I want my curry spicier. They have daily specials and I chose the Pan seared salmon with mango sauce, greens, cashews--- it's very refreshing but a bit salty from the fish sauce. They have better thai iced tea compared to other places. Fast efficient service. The owner himself went to our table and explained their menu which I think is a nice touch. Will definitely come back. I'd like to try the mango sticky rice for dessert but already so full--- next time ;)
5	Food was delish.. We ordered the green curry with chicken.the drunken noodles..and chicken with black pepper stir fry. The flavors were all spot on and had my husband and I wanting more. Its a far drive from the strip but it is totally worth the drive. Dont ever settle for less!! We're from Ca and its the best thai food we've ever had.  Its the closest thing to authentic food in Thailand.
3	This place is just OK.  Not part of my regular rotation nor is it a go to place for thai food.
5	The best Thai food I've ever had!  Better than the restaurants in Thaitown in LA.  It was so good, I wanted to go back the next day but being in Vegas, there's so many other places to try so we didn't go back.  Big mistake. All we could think about was how good this place is.  We had green curry with chicken, the drunken noodles, and chicken with black pepper stir fry.  They were all so darn good, I can't even rank them.  But the black pepper stir fry was the best.  Wish we lived closer...
2	All these amazing reviews, I feel let down. With 5 people in my group, There should have at least been one person with a good meal. Volcano chicken:  Horrible. Over-fried, crispy, and couldn't taste the chicken. We even had 3 orders of different spicy levels.Chicken Pad Thai:  Weird. The noodles were pink(??) and had a fishy flavor. The chicken was basically flavorless. Chicken Massaman Curry: Just OK. Nothing outstanding. Bummer!! We really wanted to like this place, too!
1	I tried making an order looking at their online lunch special menu and it was impossible.  The lady on the phone wasn't helpful at all.  She admitted that their menu changed and that they didn't make shrimp with jasmine rice anymore.  She then hung up on me and when I called back, I was hung up on again.If the menu has changed, please update your website.  Please also train your employees on better customer service.
1	I feel like I might be swimming against the current on this one, with so many great reviews of this place. I came he with my usual lunch crowd (we all work together) thus right off the bat we asked for separate checks and was told no problem. The special was volcano chicken so three of us ordered that and one ordered the yellow curry and the last ordered Chicken Pad Thai. Well the Volcano chicken was atrocious, it was sooooo overcooked I couldn't taste any chicken, I swear when I say it tasted like glazed pork rinds. My jaw hurt from crunching so much. Everyone that got the Volcano Chicken had the same issue. My friends Pad Thai came out pink?? And smelled and tasted like fish.. he took two bites and pushed it aside. When the check came they forgot to give us separate checks and a overcharge and refund later we finally got out of there.Not sure if there was a new cook or the what, but this is one place that will not get a second chance from me, and I love Asian food.
2	The couple that owned this restaurant was super nice. Service is super slow. I ordered take-out and it took 30 minutes. When the food finally came out, the girl that bagged up the boxes took even longer! Sometimes you don't need to take your sweet time! If you can imagine being on the verge of almost missing a flight and waiting for this food... it was a horrifying experience. The curry was good, the Pad See Ew was okay. Not worth the wait unless you have all the time in the world..
5	Is was a slow weekday between the lunch and dinner hours.  Honesty thought we arrived at the wrong placed based on all the awesome reviews.  After trying the food however, we were surprised to find that this is definitely the right place!NOTEThe portions are largeThe portions are prettyWhen they say spicy, it is DEFINITELY spicy!The prices are terrificThe service is friendlyThe parking is easy to findWhat more do you need? **Keep in mind, however, that this place aims to please all people, not just certain cultures.  In other words, there is definitely more flavor in the meals than you would expect and not as "organic" as one might find overseas.  Is it still tasty?  Of course, YES.**
1	Unbelievable! I am kicking myself right now for not reading the most recent reviews of this place! They all agree with me, appalling taste and upsetting execution.How is it possible that every single dish we ordered tonight was an awful and tasteless disaster! They must of hired a new chef. That's the only explanation for this. Pan Asian, how do you go from having a near perfect review on yelp and start to slip this drastically? Everything was beyond unacceptable. You have been checked off on my list of the worst thai food I have ever had in my life.First offense: The chicken pad thai was an unnatural pink? The chicken looked like dried overcooked salmon - it was pink! The noodles were beyond over cooked to the point where they were hard, all stuck together in blocks and then broke up into a million of little pieces when you would try to pick them up. There was no sauce at all, not even soaked into the pad thai noodles. It was so dry! So crazy dry. There was no flavor at all - not even a hint of fish sauce, sweetness, sourness, or anything! Second offense: The pad see ew with beef noodles were also stuck together like bricks, dried out and hard. Also, why did the only flavor we taste was oil and extra black pepper? Did they run out of oyster sauce, sweet soy sauce, sugar, fish sauce, all of the traditional ingredients that go into this dish? I could not handle eating oil flavored noodles with extreme black pepper. Into the trash it goes. Third offense: The green curry with beef had the consistency of tom yum soup. I don't understand how they can make a curry so watery! I did not taste any of the deep flavors you would typically find in curry, (no lemongrass, no richness, no sweetness) except for spicy. Spicy water would best explain this dish. To add insult to injury, they offered us a minimal amount of chewy beef pieces and loaded up on undercooked and hard vegetables. Cutting costs much?What upsets me the most, was that the owner David Wong was there and he allowed these dishes to be served to us. That was his stamp of negligence. There is no quality or control here. We ate 4 bites and could not get past how incredibly shoddy all of these dishes were prepared. I'm seriously upset that we spent$40 on all of this dried out, bland food. The joke is on us. I would typically give restaurants a second chance. But not this place, never again.
5	I find that I imagine eating here on a regular basis. The food is that delicious. David is highly personable and makes it fun to eat there.Jokes like "My wife is very angry today - food will be very spicy" - classic stuff and I love it.
2	Place has potential I think, as closed, possibly for a menu and kitchen overhaul where not every dish tastes the same or nothing. Tried twice, green curry was swimming w not much on the beef and veg front, possibly catering to the toothless. Singapore noodles were bland. Had some other take out dishes that were unmemorable. Was a shame as had decent ratings but was last there 6 mos ago. Tip would be to not try to put too much on the menu and focus on what food is your talent. Specialising in such a broad array of Asian food is signing yourself up for trouble. You will have better success narrowing down menu with your strengths and not throw items on you believe will be a draw for people when in fact it detracts.
5	Thanks to the great reviews on yelp I decided to give Pan Asia a try. Walked in and was immediately greeted by David! he helped me understand exactly what I was ordering since it was my first time there. After 10-15 minutes food came right out. Ended up loving everything I ordered. Few days later Took my mom to try it out might I mention she is a very picky eater but I knew she would love this place and she did!
2	Ehhh. I agree with the lower reviews.  the people were really nice but My pad Thai chicken should not have been pink! didn't quite have that pad Thai taste I was looking for.  The restaurant was dingy and decor was underwhelming. 2.5 for the service and quick cook time.
5	Amazing thai! Don't miss this little hidden gem! Singapore noodles with chicken is our favorite!!
5	Got my wife addicted to his pad Thai after eating it myself. David is a friendly person and the way owners should be to customer's nice and friendly.
4	Small Asian restaurant serving Thai and Vietnamese to Chinese flavored dishes. I went there on a Thursday evening and the restaurant was empty, the owner took my order and the food was pretty good. I also received good service and refilled my drink without asking. I had the coconut shrimp as my appetizer, a nice large shrimp dredged in coconut flour then fried to a golden crisp. I also has a small bowl of filet mignon pho which was quite tasty with really good flavored broth. My main dish was garlic pepper shrimp with vegis, it was good but for me the coconut shrimp and the pho was the star. All three dishes including and ice tea was $30. I did notice some cheap lunch specials there between 11am to 3pm.
2	I went there since I didn't wanted to do mac d since i was not finding any deal under my budget of $ 6-$7. I actually had my lunch in  Retail outlets which was fab food and healthy with veggies and rice at $6 i guess. I didn't order to go considering i will get something at the strip at dinner time. However i guess i should have picked from there. Here i paid $9.67, not good food, with very less vegetables and less portions.I was better of doing junk at Mac D's opposite Caesars Forum Shops.
5	I'm in love. Great dishes, made with fresh ingredients quickly. Small, unassuming place with very attentive staff. Plus: a 7 is an 11 at a lesser place. MUST COME BACK
5	The best Thai and pho I've tried. We ordered the shrimp Panang curry, pineapple fried rice, pad Thai, pho, wonton soup and each order was  amazingly delicious. An explosion of flavours! Careful with the spicy levels. I eat Habaneros like candy and considered a number 5 to be  mild. The service was great! The owner was super friendly. Wish this place was in Los Angeles.
4	So this place has been open for a while, but I just recently discovered it. It was very delicious! David Wong is the owner of this place and he has done an amazing job. The interior design of the restaurant is very nice and the menu is very large with lots of options. The Malaysian Roti was made to the right texture and it was super delicious. The Chicken Satay was so moist and perfect! The Mango Salad is the best here, they are not stingy. The Filet Mignon Noodle Soup was really good because the meat was very soft. The Pad Thai was not my favorite though, I was actually disappointed, it's not bad, but it didn't stand out to me. Lastly we had Fried Banana w/ Ice Cream, and I didn't like it because there was coconut flakes in it and they use plantains and so it wasn't very tasty, I like it sweeter. But it was okay because David gave me extra fried banana because he said I was too skinny, haha! Overall, this place is a really good thai restaurant. I wonder why not that many people know about it. I will be coming back often:)
5	I just moved to Vegas a few weeks ago and gave this place a try. I got take out, and was pleasantly satisfied with my Clear noodles w/ pork and a side of gyoza. It tasted fresh and the owner looked like he was about his craft. That's a great thing. Service was fast quick and the price wasn't too bad for me either. Good stuff.
5	I had the pho, it was outstanding. I ordered medium spicy, it came a little spicier than medium, but I didn't mind. Good price, very good pho!Then, I asked for a to go cup, and instead of making me pour it myself, my waitress packaged up my leftovers for me. Great service!
5	Ordered valcano chicken, tiger shrimp mango salad and salmon dish....all delicious and good amount of food. A very small dining place, but has simple and tasteful deco. Definitely will return in the future. Owner, David is friendly and serves food himself.
5	This place is such a find! Have been here many times and literally everything is amazing!!! The pad Thai is the best I've ever had and the beef pho with garlic is killer. Also love to order the panang chicken for lunch, super tasty! Make sure you don't order it too spicy because they don't mess around when it comes to spice. I love spicy food but find myself at about a level 3 for spice when I'm here. Definitely a gem!! It's kinda of out of the way for us but soooo worth the drive!!!
5	It's simple....... This is the best Thai Food in Vegas and I've had it all.Specifically, their Panang curry is the best I've ever had.  These guys are professional cooks and every dish is cooked to order.I get a spice of 10 of 10 and it's the hottest in town!
4	We had the pineapple fried rice and beef pad see ew and both really good. Probably the best I've had. The only problem was the service. Our waitress was not very friendly and didn't help us out much. Hopefully next time we'll have a different waitress.
5	Truly stellar Fare. I went with the signature house fried rice and the Singapore noodles with shrimp for my first outing at David Wong's Pan Asian. Excellent flavor, very fresh ingredients, and when they ask you if you like it spicy, they're serious. I'll be frequenting this establishment win in Vegas.
5	Favorite place to eat. Customer service is awesome. Staff very welcoming. Great atmosphere and food is delicious! If you're craving for pho come here. The filet mignon pho is a must try especially when it's chilly out:)
4	Been here a few times, as they are very much in our neighborhood, and we've tried a few different dishes; classic thai fare, and pretty much all of their curries.Their panang curry has pretty much set the standard for Curry I Crave. The chunks of vegetables are huge, and everything is perfectly cooked; no mushy potato but crunchy carrot. Everything's perfect. Caveat: I am a big fat wuss when it comes to spice, so while it might be too mild for some, it's just mild enough that I can sweat through it, but actually finish everything.Great place for takeout, too, since they are very quick!They are a little on the steep side for neighborhood asian food, but they are so high quality, and so unlikely to make my tummy upset, it's pretty much worth it.
5	Excellent food!! Great Thai. Red Curry is absolutely delicious. A must go if you enjoy great Asian food. Service was great too.
5	Second time enjoying a meal here , the food itself is simply amazing ! I ordered the pho and the broth it comes in is by far the best I've  ever had , my boyfriend had the red curry with tofu and the spice level was perfect! The whole staff is so friendly and the owner is just as nice which is a breath of fresh air nowadays thanks for the delicious lunch you guys never disappoint !
4	A place I've had my eye on for a long time, there are a lot of thai places in Vegas and it was no surprise I haven't had a chance to come out here, but I was pleasantly surprised by the food.The spice levels are no joke, with a level 8 on Pad See Ew burning my tongue a good amount. Oddly enough, I found it had more kick to me than my friend's spice level 10 linguini, but less of a smoky flavor. The Pad See Ew is well made here, and I have nothing to criticize on it.The service was prompt and friendly enough, with the chef coming and asking us if we were okay with the spice level a couple of times. Several times people came in and were known by name, always a nice touch for the regulars. If this place was closer to me, I'm sure I'd have been here many times by now.The only criticism I would have was that the thai ice tea that my friend ordered was too sweet and didn't have enough tea flavor. It was a point of mediocrity in an otherwise budget-friendly and taste-friendly meal.
5	Food here was great! The kitchen was right in front of your face! You can tell when you tasted the food everything tasted fresh. Next time I come I hope they have hainan chicken. It was a special the time I went but I just wasnt in the mood at the time.
4	I have been so curious with this place as to how they got four and half stars on yelp. At first, I was hesitate to try it because on yelp, it is listed as Japanese, Chinese, and Thai. I'm never really a fan of restaurants where they have more than one cuisines. However, after I tried this place, I'm happy that I gave this place a shot. This place is a Thai restaurant for sure. The first time I came here was for takeout. I have just went back few days ago for dining in and had a great experience. Although I do not agree with other reviews that this place has the best Thai good in town, I will return and try other stuff on the menu. FoodAppetizer1. Mango salad with grill tiger shrimp (4.5/5)Love mixture flavor of all ingredients in this dish. It's a great dish to start. 2. Coconut shrimp (4/5)My dad loved this dish. It was seasoned and fried nicely3. Crispy Shrimp spring roll (3/4)It was nothing out of ordinary and I couldn't taste much shrimp in the egg roll.4. Seafood Tom Yum (3/5)Seafood was fresh but the soup base was not flavored enough with lemongrass and other spice.Entrees 1. Curry duck (3/5)I was not a fan of their curry duck. Sauce was not flavored enough and duck was not as fresh as I like. 2. Pork rib with xo sauce (4/5)This dish was flavorful with lots of garlic. However I would like it to be cut into smaller pieces for the convenience reason.  3. Pad kee Mao (4/5)This dish was well seasoned and yummy. I wish they would add more veggie though. 4. Pineapple fried rice (4/5)Decent fried rice. Service (4.5)David Wong's service was great and very attentive. :)
5	Family owned. The Pho was delish.  But when they say something is spicy believe them. Awesome.  This is our new Friday lunch spot
5	New favorite restaurant! I was on the hunt for spicy food, some of my fellow yelpers recommended this place so I decided to give Pan Asian a try. As a starter we ordered the Gyoza, it was good, crispy on the outside and soft and delicious on the inside. For my main meal I ordered the linguini noodles with chicken, my palate is very sensitive so on the scale of 1 to 10 of spiciness I ordered a 2. Let's just say I'm ordering a 1 next time. The noodles were amazing though, they were packed with a lot of flavor and a great amount of kick, my nose was running like niagara falls the entire meal. I'm not sure what noodles my husband ordered but he did order the noodles a level 8, he said he liked them as well but was expecting the noodles to be spicier, he's going with a level 10 next time. For dessert we ordered the deep fried cheesecake, it's like a slice of Heaven in your mouth, its so rich and creamy and it's served with whipped cream and ice cream. Overall we loved our entire meal, and the staff was extremely friendly! Plus it's inexpensive, for an appetizer, two entrees, two drinks, and dessert, we only spent $38. I highly recommend Pan Asian, I can't wait to come again and try more of their dishes.
3	Well tried this on a whim.  The description says Japanese, Chinese and Thai. The only thing Japanese was the gyozas. It's prodominatly Thai. So don't come here thinking they have anything Japanese or Chinese.The place was small so not great for large groups. They had portable heaters to heat the dining area. Not very classy but you do what you gotta do.The food was good. The fried calamari was ok, they could of used fresher oil. The Vietnamese shrimp ravioli were awesome. Very fresh and had a real good flavor.The drunken noodles were definitely drunk in oil. I don't know if I'd go out of my way to come here again but if I'm in the area it may be considered.The chef were very friendly and they had their regulars. All in all it wasn't a bad first visit.
4	This was our first visit to Pan Asian, which was highly recommended by a Thai blogger, Dan P.  Our group  tried the Papaya salad, (they were happy w/) and the big hit was the Tiger Shrimp Mango Salad, which I had everyone taste and the all loved.  The only thing I would complain about is no liquor available for sale;(
5	This tiny restaurant packs big flavor! Feeding my cold, I had the filet mignon pho (I ordered small, which I still didn't finish). I ordered it at a spice level of "2". I'm a heat wimp, so this was actually still a bit much for me, but it sure cleared the sinuses! My friend ordered the chicken rice noodle soup (but he kept poaching from my bowl, so the clear star of this dining experience was indeed the pho). The service was extremely fast. Our server was super cute, and I will definitely come back!
5	The best Thai food in Las Vegas hands down!David is awesomeI wish they delivered but their food is sooo worth the pick up!Their Chicken Basil is the best in Vegas!
5	Best Thai in town and my fav Basil Fried Rice dish ever. Friendly family, with David as patriarch, great service, clean, clean kitchen and delicious, fresh-tasting dishes.
5	This is got to be one of the best Thai restaurants in Vegas!The quality of the food is incredible!!!We had the calamari for an appetizer and it was so tender and fresh, not a bit chewy at all......The Filet Mignon Pho was delish! Flavor was really great! Lots of tender filet noodles and super spicy just like I wanted! My husband ordered the Duck w/Curry sauce. I had saw this dish on Yelp and my husband was excited to try it. When we were looking over the menu I couldn't find it anywhere. The waitress said 'oh yes we have it', I am not sure why it isn't on their menu???? I saw so many dishes I want to try........ Singapore Noodles.... Pad See Yew...... Drunken Noodle...... ALL look amazing!!!I love spice so I ordered a spicy level 5 after the waitress warned us that their food was on the spicier side. (I usually get a 6 or 7) The spice was perfect for me!Compared to a lot of other Thai places though, be aware they are on the spicier side of that 1-10 scale!
5	Excellent Thai food! I've had the Yellow Curry and Pad Thai. They were both fantastic, possibly (most likely) even the best I've had. Keep in mind that they do serve their food hotter than most places, so when they ask for your preferred spice level, I would go down 1 or 2 numbers.
5	Went for lunch. Food and service was great. Definitely will be my favorite place to go.
4	this place was amazing and the service was outstanding!
4	I've been meaning to come here for a long while now .. and I did! TWICE even before I decided to write a review!Pan Asian is quite a quaint place. It's not a huge establishment -- it's actually quite tiny. It has about 5-6 tables only so if it gets busy, it'll be real busy. The first time we went, I decided to go with their stir-fried linguini which had asparagus, tomatoes, bell peppers, garlic, chili, basil, and your choice of meat. For me, I decided to choose chicken with it. I guess you could say something like, "That's not a thai dish!" "What?! Go to thai restaurant to eat non-thai dish?!" Psh. Don't be a hater. And I have to say that ... it was not a bad decision at all to order the dish. You also get to choose your level of spiciness for your dish. The range goes from 1 to 10. On yelp, there is this tip from Roger that you have to go spicy or go home. So guess what I did? I chose level 10. No, I didn't do it as a challenge or for "fun" -- I mean, who does that for fun anyways? Let's set fire to my intestines so I can laugh while it's happening. I personally love spicy food therefore, I gotta go spicy or why am I even there?! The server was nice enough to warn me. She asked if I've ever eaten there and that their level 10 is really really spicy. I will not back down! You will not scare me! I still went for a level 10. Then a little bit later, the cook himself warned us about the spiciness of level 10. I love you guys! But give me my spicyass food!! The linguini .. was delicious! It had a very interesting and different flavor to it. I do believe that he uses satay sauce to stir fry the noodles and with the spiciness of the peppers, it was delicious. I just love how it's not huge chunk of pepper flakes in my bowl. A lot of other thai places will tell me to get a lower level of spice and if it isn't enough, I could add in pepper flakes myself. Gee, that just means one thing. You use pepper flakes to cook your food instead of using actual peppers. My friends, on the other hand, ordered curry and pad see ew. The curry didn't really catch my attention when I tried it. Their pad see ew was really good though. Very good aroma. Though, for pad see ew, I would probably suggest not making it spicy. It doesn't really do it much good. As for the second time we went, I was thoroughly surprised that the server remembered me. We decided to try out their tiger prawn shrimp salad and the server goes, "What spicy level do you want? 10?!" I was surprised but I laughed. She remembered me! I guess not a lot of people order level 10 there. But I eventually settled with a level 5 for spiciness. I know.. I know.. LEVEL 5 ONLY?! What! Why didn't I level 10 that !!?? Well, for one, salads are a completely different story when it comes to the spiciness level. It's almost doubled ... plus, I was sharing the dish with my friends. I'd rather not send them to the hospital with fiery intestines. The dish, however, was delicious. A level 5 was the perfect amount of spice. It gets that fire in your mouth going. The prawns they used also did not taste like they were frozen shrimps. They tasted pretty fresh and the way they lightly grilled them on the side was really good. Really yummy dish and I think it'd be perfect for summer!As for my entree, I decided to go with a pad thai at level 10. I opted out for the peanuts and carrots cause I don't care for pieces of peanuts in my noodles and I just hate carrots. The dish was very good, but, I don't think it's better than the linguini in my opinion. There was nothing that sets it apart. It's a tinge of sweetness and I think because of the sweetness, it's not as spicy as it could be. Though, it is a progression of heat so as you heat, the hotter it gets. It's the best kind of spice :D !!! The only things keeping me from giving Pan Asian five stars is because I'm thoroughly confused. When reading the menu ... you kind of question yourself: is this a Thai place? A Vietnamese place? A Chinese place? etc etc. They have a dish or two from different Asian cuisines. They even have hainan chicken! What the?? The second thing is their thai tea. WAY too sweet. It had no tea flavor. No go! Overall though, it was a delicious experience. And I definitely will go back.
