5	The Rio is more often frequented by the high-rollers in Las Vegas... but back in the day it had the best buffet (now its been out-done by newer casinos) and it had the swankiest lay-out. Nowadays, it is a pretty cool place to hang out or a cool place to stay. All the room shere are suites, so although the average room price is a little steep,  every room here is nice. I think this is a good place to stay for busy holidays because its slightly off-strip and because the rooms are affordable for what they are.
4	This is not a good choice for gambling but the Rio is a great place to drink eat and party. The seafood buffet is great,although the price has risen to the point where I would only go there if I'm winning. Which I never am. The other buffet is massive,in fact it's TOO big,with too much lacklustre food and not enough quality. I never thought I would say a buffet could be TOO big,but this one is. One good thing is when you're standing in line you can watch the bikini-clad blackjack dealers nearby. The Mardi Gras theme works here--in fact it's alot more effective here than at the Orleans,which is themed inside and out. There are always lots of young "hotties" at this place,the kind of women who think they're hot but actually they're not. If you like silicone and way too much makeup this is the place for you. The male equivalent is here in force as well. That aside,the Rio is a good choice if you're in Vegas to party.
5	The best buffet in town.  There's a reason why the locals brave the tourists and come here too! ;)
4	the hotel itself? not so bad. but to party/club? it's a lot of fun. my friends and i went to a KID CAPRI show there... the layout was awesome and the vibe was pretty cool. more of a hiphop scene... which is my thing. it doesn't feel so crammed- that's why i like the club.
3	They definitely take their liberties with the definition of the word "Suite."  It was a nice hotel room:  spacious, comfy bed, etc. . . . just don't call it a Suite on the travel website.Food was decent and the sports book area nice (esp. the VIP area with lazy boys), but it (as well as the Palms) are a bit off the main drag which is fine if you want to stay there the whole time.
3	The Rio Suite Hotel and Casino is one of the more successful casinos off the strip. With the success of the 2 buffets the hotel and casino continues to draw in crowds of all ages. Gaming here can be expensive; however, the party atmosphere will make you want to sit down a throw a few dollars away.The rooms are extremely large which is great when you have a big group of friends.  Not that you would even think about breaking the 4 person per room policy here.  People who care for a view of the strip will pay top dollars to sleep.  People who don't care for a view will see the not so beautiful side of Vegas.  Then again, if you're sharing a room with 8 other drunk guys and sleeping on the floor, who cares what the view is like right?
4	This is a review about the hotel, not the casino, or the shows, or the food.  Keep it in mind folks.This is a great convention hotel.  Really, it's about a 3.5 star place, because the rooms are ample sized, the staff was attentive, and check in and check out, the people were very polite and helpful.  It's off the strip, and really, it should be half a star deduction for the location, but they've made a point of having shuttles to the strip for as long as I can remember.  Also, the rooms are pretty reasonable if you book early enough.  If you're going for a honeymoon in Vegas, first, don't!  There has to be a better place you can afford. If not...I did see the honeymoon suite on my last trip and well, it's opulent.  And very private.  Just think of the wrongness that could go on in that place!
4	Best value for rooms near the strip
3	Definitely seemed like the most adult of the hotel/casino's... Chippendale's plus flying strip show, plus strip stage on main casino floor...  I would not advise going with children, but would probably be great with a group of friends. Also with the right kind of couple.  But I didn't go in the hotel area.  Also not particularly close to the other casinos.
4	To me, it was a great hotel and a great hotel suite. In the room, the TV has the AV connections open so if you bring a DVD player, you won't be disappointed that there's a block where the AV connections should be. I've been here 3 times and the first 2 times, there was a window in the shower so you can see the TV when you're taking a shower. The hole is not big enough or low enough as to people seeing you. I'm not 21 yet, but my dad didn't like the casino because the minimum bets at the Blackjack tables were $25. And of course, their renowned buffet is awesome. I would come here again.
5	I got a free earing back here once....
4	The "suite" was pretty nice. You do have to use that term loosely. I mean, it's a big room with a sectional sofa. Mini-bar, mini fridge, and bathroom lighting that makes you look like a movie star. However, the aren't all "suites". No wet bar, no jacuzzi, and no seperate room. But I can't complain, it was comped.If you gamble, always show your Total Rewards card. It's an easy way to get free rooms every time. Rio's got some life. I used to stay at Bally's and Paris exclusively. But the Rio was way better, and younger. It's a place for 30-somethings. Every cocktail server also dances or sings. Plus they also have girls offering massages while you play. Bitchin'!One complaint. Paper thin walls. When you wake up at 5:00am to the sound of a hooker earning her baby's diapers in the "suite" next door, you laugh for a second, till your head splits wide open from the hangover.
5	SUPER DUPER SUITE UPGRADE !!!Leaving Las Vegas can be hard, especially after all the free booze, gambling, and late night trips to the tittie bars, but when your flight home is delayed until the next day, now that sucks. That's happened to me and some buddies, so we decided to go back to the Rio and see if we could get a room for the night. Once the Rio heard what happened, they set us up in one of the phattest suites I've seen. Dude we are talking about a giant suite with a huge living room with 2 huge sofas and a couple of extra chairs, dining table for 8, a wet bar with a sink, fridge, queen size beds in the bedroom, Jacuzzi tub, glass shower that was  also a steam room, complimentary  fruit/cheese basket, and plasma TV's everywhere !!!We were living the "suite" life
5	we stayed here (all 6 girls including myself) for my last fling before the ring bachelorette party. the rooms are spacious. we had a suite that fit 6 girls. but most of all, i loooooooove their pool area! i would come back and stay here again! just not on a 3 day holiday weekend. it was so crowded! the bathrooms were nice and spacious. loved the shower head! ahaha that's always a plus especially when you're from out of town and then, you take a shower and it's pretty much hard water -- i'm very picky when it comes to that. we spent some time at their american grill and loved the food!
3	Can I have a...hey..Excuse me...can I ....umm..okay.Hey...can I have a drin...A drink!  I want a drink!  You...yeah..you!  Who is my server???Where are you going??....I just want a....Damn it!  Excuse me??  I want to order a drink, can I order from you?  the server, "sorry...it's that girl over there."Ugghhh...the servers wear ugly neon color bikinis and ignore if women order...so my dear friend and I decided it was time to use our women powers."nice to meet you...oh thank you for the drink homie."Finally, we get service around here...just not from the servers.  Oh well, now it's free!
4	-very spacious rooms for the money.-more private-the swimming pools..-a break from the hustle of the strip but a 5 min ride if you want to venture over.-Prince plays here. i mean thats bad ass in and of itself.i likey.
2	This is f'ing vegas! where's the glitz? where's there magic? where's the service? Definately not and the rio- damn, i've been trapped here for work for 3 days and i can't wait to get the f out. Lets count the ways. First, there's NOWHERE to get food in this place? Yah, the restaurants seem to be there, but either their not open, or you can't just grab something to eat and get back to the gambling at hand. Allright, demerits for the food, lets try the amenities. ohh where to beging...shabby faded 80s carpet? Check! Dodgy facility upkeep? Check! Pool that's never open? Check! Workout room that costs 22 freakin bucks for NO FREEWEIGHTS and is smaller than an airplane bathroom? Definately check. and the service? don't even get me started.With the hopes of trying to swim, i went to the pool today at 6pm to find it closed. Why I asked the attendant? Oh, we were losing money today because no one was drinking at the bar, so we had to send the lifeguards home, so the pool is closed. Can i swim without the lifeguards i ask- the answer: only if i want to be escorted out by security. Now THAT is service. Avoid the rio at all costs.
3	First of all Rio is off the strip.  Not much glitz and glamour about this place.  Considering it's Vegas it is a bit on the lack luster side.One upside is the rooms are huge!  It looks like a condo almost.  We had two connecting rooms and it perfectly accommodated a dozen inebriated grown men.  The bathrooms were clean and the beds we comfortable.  We had three couches combined on all two rooms with a dining table that we filled with beers, snacks, and liquor.They had two excellent buffets downstairs. We opted for the classic buffet and for the price of $26, it was well worth it.  Go for the prime rib and the sirloin steak if you love meat.  They also had a section of decent Chinese food.  They have a 24-hour cafe that serves steak and eggs and good burgers.  One huge upside for me was they had a Coffee Bean right off the elevators.One star got knocked off for the pools.  It was so SAD!  They closed really early for a Saturday and the music selection was horrible.  Plus it feels weird to swim around with beers next to the kiddies enjoying their summer vacation.The only way I will return here is if I had to accommodate a huge party.  Other than that, my business needs to go elsewhere.
4	...i thought i heard an echo when i yelled for no reason just to see if the room is really that big.  in reality, no echo, but i startled the cleaning lady..!!ya the room was pretty big but the lackluster decor didn't give me goosebumps of any type.  but hey, no one ever sleeps in Vegas, right?  unless you have 'someone' with you and you're tired from showing off and performed your God-given talents (you know what i mean).  the view wasn't that bad either facing the Flamingo Rd. looking towards the strip, and like any other Vegas hotels, the large window pane had me one time or another, the notion of stripping down to my bare butt and see if anyone would notice my butt cheeks planted against it.since there were plenty of room, they had another sink in addition to the the restroom as well as a small fridge.  definitely a plus if you have more people in the room.  the shower was pretty good and i love the powerful spout the shower head provides.  one weird part: there is a small window you can peek out or for someone to peek in while showering.  well, i guess it's nice if you are with your girlfriend or boyfriend and have yourselves kinky moments, but since i was with one of my buddies,  we just watched tv and resent the fact why there weren't any girls with us....
4	I like the Rio when not on business.  I like the rooms, pool area (smaller and more intimate), the shows, etc. all right there.  Might not be the Palms or Hard Rock, but a great place all the same.  Give those places some time ... they will fade and something else will pop up there.
4	So I met this music manager thru my work...he was so fun to talk to and seemed to have a really strong spirit.  He was telling me about an upcoming tour that I should be a part of.  hmmm...I was thinking..maybe, sounds like a great opportunity.  So me and two of my girls went to Vegas to meet his manager and check out his artists.  When we arrived we were not pleasantly surprised by this old dude that had another agenda in mind.  One of his artists was a friend of mine and spoke highly of him and the opportunity, but little did anyone know he was just a PERVE!!So we arrived at the Rio...Maral was so excited she stuck her body out of her huge car to capture a picture of the Prince sign on the building.  The lobby was okay, we couldn't get into the club for free, and the company outside of this douche bag was wonderful.  He wanted us to stay in his room...whatev!! So we got a room on our own and enjoyed it sooo much.  The room was HUGE!! and the facilities new like...and we just had a blast.  Got some liquor from a liquor store and had a wonderful party.  Made new friends, went dancing, got caught in traffic, and made new memories with the most amazing gals alive.  Thank you Connie and Maral...I love you!  Such amazing support they gave me that weekend.  And it was delightful Connie's bday!  :)So all in all, it was an amazing trip, although what brought us there was sooo sad.  We left with smiles and great memories.
5	This is a spectacular hotel casino.  Yes, it is off the Strip, but hey, it has everything here and you may not need to venture off to Las Vegas Boulevard!  Fabulous free show, fantastic rooms.  But if you just got to get to the Strip, they do have a shuttle bus that will take you to Harrahs.
3	I just got back from my second stay there.   It's a nice hotel.   It is all suites which works out well since there were 4 guys sharing one room.   We had enough room to move around and get around and store our luggage.   It is off the strip, but if you rent a car, it's not so bad.   I will be back again next year.
3	When the heck did the Masquerade in the Sky just become a bunch of ho's flirting with my boyfriend? Didn't the dancers used to be Mardi Gras-themed? Got plenty of beads (although most were given to me by my boyfriend, who caught a lot of them from the pretty dancers who fell in love with him)... also found a $3 Fabulous Las Vegas sign t-shirt here, yay. There was an announcement that there would be a parade at 4 pm, then there wasn't one until 6 pm. Nothing like waiting around for nothing. Left, then came back later in the night.
4	Ok, the last time I went to Rio was gosh knows when.. I think it was like 10 years ago. As I arrive to Vegas I reminisce on how much i use to pig out at Rio cuz of the 1000s of variety of food they had back in the days when they called themselves World of Buffets. I was starving and couldn't think of what to eat during lunch time..and I remember Rios buffet was pretty awesome when they opened up like in the early 90s. The last time I went was like 2000s and it was really lousy and the food just seem like Circus Circus. But this time it was shockingly good.Could be new management or something.. Everything seems fresh.. I thought I was in another hotel. Best part is the real hanging duck they had in they're Chinese section.. they also had roast pork..also the prime rib is to die for.. the clam strips super yum..hush puppies.. pretty good... pretty good...
3	Back in the days when I had to pay for a hotel stay, Rio was no doubt my choice for a hotel.  What can I say, I need my space and it was the only all-suites hotel.  Granted it was off the strip (which is why you can really find some bargain price at certain times of the year), but the free shuttle bus which takes you to Harrah's ( and now Caesars and Bally's) is convenient and saves you the hassle of having to find parking.  Now that I have so many hotels to choose from for free, I don't stay at the Rio as much.  And with the other hotels updating their rooms to ultra modern with cool shower fixtures, Rio's room just seems so..........unattractive.  Maybe I am spoiled now and I can no longer stand the water-saving shower head at the Rio.  To make matters worse, it ran out of hot water (it was only lukewarm) by the time I woke up at noon!  I practically shivered the whole time I was in the shower!  What the heck!  How can a hotel run out of hot water???  Then the other time, I woke up to the sound of dripping water!  Holly crap!  It had started raining and our room was leaking.  I couldn't believe it!  It took me a few minutes to find the leak and I called the front desk.  They sent someone to look at it.  but all he could do was placing some towels by the window.  I was too tired to move and thankfully the rain stopped the next day.  I still go there to play and the free buffet at the World Carnival Buffet is fine when I feel like pigging out, but I haven't stayed there in many many months.  I am wishing very  very hard that they will start renovating their rooms like they are doing with Paris and Flamingo.    After all, I do like Suites!
3	Wow, this place was HUGE! My first time in Vegas! I LOVED the line to check in. I was so super excited to get into bed with my (now ex) boyfriend and they make me WAIT IN LINE!??!?Their room was pleasantly nice...it was a suite. And it took forever to get to. It's a good thing I was sober, because I would have had one helluva time (like I did later on that night). They had a vanity mirror so I could apply makeup better, and notice all the lip hairs I forgot to pluck out thus asking my (then) boyfriend if he could notice them which probably perpetuated the cheating that commenced later that night.The bed was so COMFY! Yah know, before I got kicked out and all.oh, and fuck you very much for charging me an ungodly amount of money for a FUCKING LIGHTER AND PACK OF CIGARETTES.
3	How old is the Rio? It makes me think of the 80s. I was here for a conference and according to the fellow conference goer, staying at the Rio makes you feel like the kid stuck outside while all the fun is happening inside. And I have to agree.By that, I mean, the Rio isn't that close to anything else, but close enough that the taxi drivers get all complainy at the small fare to take you anywhere else and they purposely drive like crap to let you know, in that passo-aggro way that they really do not like you.The Rio is also kinda tacky and the place is always in your face. Sure, isn't Las Vegas supposed to be in your face? Maybe, but once my taxi slowed down enough to push me out the door of other hotels, I got the feeling of more elegance and calm. But not at the Rio and their "bevertainers".The pluses: so all-encompassing that just about everything I would need is here. Er, except elegance and calm. But everyhing else.The minuses: confusing reservations and check-in. They ask me if I want two queens or one king, I ask for one king and they say sure. Actual room assigned is 2 queens.They asked if I wanted high speed internet. I say yes. They give me a room that doesn't have high speed internet.Random wanks: the tv faces nothing. You can't really watch it from the bed, or from the sofa. I had to watch my Walker, Texas Ranger from the side. It didn't make the show any better.They only give you conditioning shampoo. Bleh, I hate that. My shampoo and conditioner needs to be distinctly separate, and it's really not easy to bring my own thanks to airline restrictions.Oh, and this place costs beaucoup bucks to stay in. AUGH!
3	I visited Las Vegas in the off-season (February) and found that it's one of the best times to go. It's not crowded and a lot easier to get around through the crowds both in the hotels and on the streets. Rio was a decent hotel, though I would probably try to stay elsewhere in the future. The beds are comfy, the towels nice and full, and the water pressure is so good it almost shoots you through the wall like Kramer in that one episode of Seinfeld. The room service was tricky though, as the three times we called down for it they were operating on a 1-2 hour wait. We only ate at the Grand Buffet and the American Grille. Both places were just ok for where and what they are. Nothing great.The pool area was lovely for lying in the sunshine, but I imagine gets crowded with a full hotel. The desk and bell staff were all very friendly and helpful, as were most of the food servers. Every single person greeted me with a 'hello' as I passed them in the halls, from the housekeeping staff to the bellmen and room service servers. Everything is expensive, and that's a bummer (but I guess it's like that in a lot of the Strip area). $14 for an Amstel Light and a Bloody Mary, for example.
4	I gotta say, I was enormously happy with the hotel.  We were six people in one room, and we all fit--quite comfortably I might add.  Granted, if we were six girls, we may have had a problem with the bathroom, but at least there's a sink outside the bathroom.  The water pressure was fantabulous!!  It's not often I enjoy showering at a hotel. The sofa bed was comfortable enough for a sofa bed.  (I was confined there the second night, since I had apparently kicked and punched and scratched my sister the night before in the bed.)  There was still enough space in the room for a rollaway bed.  So, all in all, really roomy, really comfy, and really convenient.A coffee maker in the room would have been nice, but oh well, we survived.  Also the covers on their pillows need to be longer, or better tucked-in.  Your face scrapes into the mosquito-netting, burlap covering they use on the inside of the cover.  Not so great in the middle of the night.
4	Little strange, but let me start with the bathroom....it was the best hotel bathroom I've stayed in.  The towels were really high quality, the shower was fancy and everything was exceptionally clean...I'm a germaphobe which is challenging enough in Vegas.You may need GPS to find your way around your room because it will be HUGE.  You won't need navigation to find Voodoo.  There is a Voodoo restaurant that is excellent (I'll review that separately) and a Voodoo Lounge where you can get smashed on the roof with a great view.  Both are a short elevator ride back to your room.   The staff was very polite, check in was a breeze and the casino is nice and great bathrooms.  With some updating in the rooms and casino this could be the 5 star it probably was 7-8 years ago.
3	I remember when this place was cool -- large suites at great prices, an awesome buffet, and a generally cool vibe.Now, when I go back, I feel like the the Harrah's vacuum cleaner is trying to get my money as quickly as possible. Everything is double or triple the price it used to be.The rooms are way overpriced, considering you are off the strip.  And some of the rooms haven't been remodeled in a while, like when they only had the one tower.Everything (I mean everything) is a cab ride away, because it's too far to walk.And this place takes the whole theme thing to an extreme, with the masquerade show and all.I'll just boycott the place until it gets better.
5	oooh oooh oooh....Go here Go here!!!!  Okay we didn't stay here, we just visited the casino but still...GO...GO...GO....                                            ***FREE***They have a floating float show that they put on over the casino on a track suspended from the ceiling and you or your kids (mine loved it) can dress up in revolving themed stuff, (all provided) and ride on a float....Joining in the show...JUST GO HERE!!!!!  ((NO COST))   My kids are 13,13,14 and there was lots of little ones...all LOVED it !!!!                                            ***FREE**                            NOT  cheesy and dumb...its funThe best place to see the show...and catch the cheesy beads... is on the second level... sit down, have a drink, lots of cafe's (inexpensive)We didn't stay here so I can't comment on hotel. But the show is a huge production done many times throughout the day and so worth a visit, check the internet for times.
5	I think this is my favorite Casino, they have mardi gras like shows and entertainment.  The waitresses and the dealers are dressed very scantily and I do well here.
4	all suites......WHAT! YEYAH! the rooms are much nicer than they used to be: less miami, more modern. the rooms are giant and the room rates are great.the only bummer is that it isn't right on the strip, but there's a shuttle that takes you from the rio to harrah's.
4	We went here for my friend's bday celebration and since some people in our party had access to the frequent stayer's card we received really good rates on our rooms. The rooms themselves were very big for the price we paid, complete with couches and chars and tables, and a HUGE vanity area which for a bunch of girls all getting ready to go out in vegas is a huge help!!! (there is never enough mirror space for checking out outfits, hair and make up ha ha) This hotel isn't on the strip really, but they have shuttles that will take you there during the day so really not as bad as some would think.The restaurants in here were only so so food wise, but one of their buffets (carnival i believe) was probably the best deal anyone could ever have! For $25 which seems pricey for a buffet, you get unlimited mimosas with your brunch/lunch and all you can eat everything including crab legs, shrimp cocktail, a mexican bar, asian bar, sushi bar...the list goes on and on! I have never felt so full in my life, but a trip to vegas isn't complete without a little buffet action!!
4	I love this place because you are somewhat removed from all the craziness on the strip. That tends to suck when you want to go out and party since you have to cab it everywhere but it was worth it nonetheless. The rooms were large enough for a bunch of crazy messy girls and the casino host we had was great. I am thankful that this place doesn't have tons of shops. Prevented me from doing drunk shopping.
3	Damn you, Oprah!Since Oprah ended up doing a show with Cher and Tina Turner, Caesar's Palace overbooked 200 rooms.  They ended up kicking out all the people who had family discounts and put them in sister hotels.  They told us that the Rio rooms were nice and since everything was comped, we didn't have much to complain about.The room did end up being very nice and the restaurant inside wasn't bad either.  The pool however, was nasty.  They had music and a bar closeby which was nice, but the chairs were dirty and had bird poop all over them.  The water was freezing and the bottom of the pools were stained brown.  Yuck.  Thankfully we had access to the Caesar's pool...so we only had to endure that pool for one day.  I don't really like how it's so far off the strip, but the short cab lines make up for it.  Would I stay here again?  Maybe.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to make reservations here.
3	What a difference 10 years makes!  Back in the days...mid to late 90's our crew use to love this joint.  Cause back then, this was one of those hidden gems that was popular, but not crazy popular.  Went on a small family outting back in Dec.07.  Wow...times have changed.  The hotel is showing is age.  The "PRETTY" cocktail waitress' must have all moved on to bigger and better things.  Because in the MARDI GRAS AREA, they've replaced them with "Chippendale'  guys....no offense, but I'm use to a getting a cocktail from the pretty ladies.....Food is avg.  Buffet is avg.  Casino is Avg.  The crowd has even changed....no more hip young 20-30 somethings....heck, i dont even know how to describe the patrons....Only 3 stars for the following reasons:1.  $75 per nite.  Even Paris Hilton would say:  "thats hot!"2.  Lounge Bar in the Middle of the Joint is "UBER" cool....This may be the hotel's only saving grace.3.  $1000 Video Poker Jackpot Won at 2AM, where nobody was even around.   Pretty fucking sweet if you ask me.....
4	This is a bit long for a Yelp review so I'll put the juicy bit up front: 4 stars to the Rio for keepin it sexy, with the naughty cocktail waitress outfits, the newly revamped and more sexy carnival show, and for the ladies a lot of cameo appearances by Chippendales dancers.  There is always something to see here.* * * * * Ok so now the dull part:About the poker room here.  It's a small room that was renovated a year or two ago, clean and well run.  The WSOP in the Rio convention center obviously overshadows it, but there is some good spillover into the cash games here late at night.  There were about ten full tables of no limit (1/3 and 2/5) going at midnight.  Not as much drinking going on as I would have liked.  Here is a hand I played last night, sorry that this is a bit long, it's from a report I did for a poker site I post at, but it may give other players some idea of the action to be had here when the wsop is in town:The 2/5 no limit was a very tight aggressive table with a lot of tough players. Average stack was about $1000 with two guys well above that. I sat down with $500 and limped in to a few hands, not hitting much, mostly just observing these guys. I picked up 9d8d on the button and limped in for $20 with 3 other players. The flop was 10d8c8s, which I very much liked. The first player to act thought he'd take down the pot nice and quick with a $40 bet. As I was thinking of how much to raise him the player immediately to my right, the big stack at the table raised it to $80. That surprised me. I honestly had no idea what to think about that. He had a lot of chips so it was very possible he was making a move. After due consideration I called his bet with the hope of improvement in my hand in the form of a runner runner flush draw or straight possibilities. The initial raiser mucked quickly and the turn was the Q of h. Big Stack looks at it for a lil bit and bets $200. It didn't take him very long to bet. A problem I had with this hand is I hadn't been at the table very long and didn't know enough about how these guys played. I should not have gotten involved in a big hand this early, since it was possible this guy only bet monsters. But as the big stack I assumed he was pushing people around a lot, and I was not going to call away half my stack at this point, and I did have the inside straight draw. So I went all in for $400 on top of his bet. Obviously at this point I was also hoping that my trips were good. They were not. He called and flipped over Jx8x for the better kicker. I had ignored all of the signs that this guy was very strong and followed my trips into quite the trap. I knew he was strong but could not lay down my hand. The river was the lovely Ace of Spades and so the kicker issue became irrelevant and we split the pot. I am including this in this thread which started with me whining about flopping a big straight and being run down by a lucky caller, to show that luck can come full circle I suppose. Nice to be the one sucking out on this one. Last comment, now that I think about it, the thing that really bothered me about Big Stack betting big was there was no flush or straight draw for him to be betting, and he seemed like the type of player that would do that. Which led me to think he had the other 8. And a better kicker. Which he did. And I called anyway like a fish, lol. And then got lucky.  Ah poker.
5	Staying at the Rio is like the best of both worlds - a place to party and a place to relax.The suites are very spacious and can easily sleep 4 people, with room on the floor to spare!In addition to the minibar you will also have your own mini fridge which comes in handy  for drinks.I agree with the other reviewer, the water pressure was great, only making my desert hair even better. haha.Rio might not be on the Strip, but it's easily accessible via shuttles that run from the Rio to Caesars, Ballys/Paris, and Harrah's.
2	Yikes.  My first impression stepping into this place was roughly 1991.  I'd say it needs an update. But, it looked like some good cheesy fun, and it was. Fortunately, I got to the room and saw that the hotel owners must have figured that out and entered into the new millennium with renovations.  The room were huge and really neat and modern - the perfect place for a group of girls who will have their belongings spread out everywhere.... so we thought.We went to the pool, where the time machine sent us right back to 1991.... Wait... Rewind further... 1989... Quick! Get me my pink Walkman!... Oh, nevermind, I don't need it, there's plenty of 80s music blaring from the less than clear sound system. Strangely, they painted parts of the bottom of the pool yellow and orange. I later learned that it is made to look like a clown fish from up above.  Interesting choice.  I get it.  I guess.  It just made the pool look dirty, if you'd ask me.    So, being a couple of mighty fine females, we got comped back into this century at the special adult only pool - Sapphire.  The pool was legitimately nice, and it had better, newer seating, waterfalls, hot tubs.  If you can get over interesting tattoos and toplessness, it certainly was a better environment than the other pool.  After a good night of sleep, I got up to treat myself with a massage, which was the best part of my trip so far for sure.  When I was done, I felt so relaxed and went out into the sun. For some reason my calves were itchy.  Hmmmmm.... must be sunburn... hmmm... they continued to itch all day and through my redeye flight... hmmmmm..  When I arrived back home I got a text from my friend, whose mother slept in the same bed I did that night after I did. They had changed the sheets, but she woke up with itchy welts all over her. The hotel switched their room, but didn't do much else.Check your mattresses folks.  Bedbugs apparently reside anywhere, even places that appear to be clean.  What a nightmare!!!!
2	This hotel disappointed me.  It's out dated!!!  We had comped rooms which I appreciated because I would not have been impressed if I had to pay for them.  Yes, the room was large but it reminded us of a cheap Travelodge with the crazy fabric patterns on the bed, the canopy and wall size window.  We couldn't figure out why they have a window from the shower into the bed area.  Every night I was woken up with lights shining in my eyes when he got up, turned on the light  to use the bathroom.... in the bathroom!  I had a fabulous meal at the Voodoo Restaurant and the view is beautiful.  We then checked out the Voodoo Lounge.  I was surprised how small it was.  The main area is outside on the roof top but it was cold as it was February.  Bottle service, for about $300 is definitely the focus in order for you to get a table.  We danced a little but left as we had to place to sit and the only heaters outside were set up for people who had bottle service outside.  I liked the vibe at Voodoo Lounge and will check it out again when it is warmer.  I'd rather stay on the strip and be within walking distance to other venues.  But thanks for the comped rooms Rio!!!!
3	Was there in March for a conference. Due to the conference, and a bunch of other stuff in town, the room rate was $189 for two nights and $289 a third night. Luckily I was on the expense account!For a conference, it was fine. I spent a lot of time displaying my companies product in the convention area.The good: lots of good restaurants inside, the Penn and Teller show, the gigantic suite (I paced it off, it must be 20x20), room furnishing and decor, the vibe of the outside pool areas (pretty and relaxing during the day.)I enjoyed a free trip (on a vendor) to the Voodoo Lounge, Rooftop - Great views at sunset, free drinks and food on the vendor, that was "sweet".The bad: I'm a "young" 49 - i was hoping to see a lot of of young folks whooping it up in the casino and going crazy. The casino seemed to be filled with folks my age and older grinding out nickels and dimes against the dealers. Maybe that was an artifact of the conference I was at.For some reason, the place seems dated to me (exterior, casino area) although the rooms were decent. The check-in process was a nightmare. When my boss got there he had to wait like 20 minutes to get in. "Priority card" holders have their own line. Its off the strip - the free shuttle bus to the strip was appreciated, but I always seemed to be riding with a bunch of blue haired seniors from Iron River, WI, or wherever.  I suppose I could have cabbed, but all that riding made me wish I stayed on the strip.
3	Okay, i stayed here because my girlfriend (who gambles a lot) got a comped room. Room:  The room was very impressive.  Although I say that with a grain of salt because we got a room on the top floor of one of their towers, we needed to put our hotel key in the elevator to get to our floor.  I was fairly pleased.   I also did check out one of their 1 bedroom suites.  It was nice.  It was set up like a one bedroom and it had a living room and a dining table (i think).  The bathroom was huge and clean.  Casino:  Okay, I'm not a gambler but their casino seems really outdated.  it just had an outdated vibe and fee.  They really need to do something about this to be competitive with the other hotels around.  With that said, I felt like the clientele was kinda ghetto.  I saw a lot of athletic jersey wearing guys (not hot).  They had a fair share of mature gamblers...which is fine (atleast they aren't ghetto).  But on a Thursday it felt really dead.  On Monday night, walking through the casino at about 3am, it's like you can hear a pin drop.
4	I had an awesome time playing at the World Series of Poker as well as seeing the energetic wait staff dance periodically.  The Seafood buffet is amazing, be careful of the line ( We players didnt have to wait,...) , the pool scene was fun, ( including the topless area) Thank you to the staff and management of the Rio for an awesome time!
4	For a group of four people, this was ideal. Very clean room with two comfortable fold-away beds.The guys liked the scandalous outfits on the drink girls with the dance interludes, and the girls liked the Starbucks shops inside so we could suck down iced green teas at all hours.Called for extra towels one morning and within five minutes there was a guy knocking on the door with a whole stack. But no microwave. FREE SHUTTLE to sister casinos, which meant we could get to the strip for free. Nice. A little smoky, and a little trashy, but, well, what do you expect?
4	Since I've now stayed at just about every hotel it seems down in vegas, looking back over the last several trips, I can say that I really enjoy the Rio.Great pools, great rooms, I like not being on the strip in some instances (in other's it's pretty handy to be RIGHT there) When I go to Vegas, I don't go for the rooms, give me clean and comfortable and i'm happy.  This was actually a step above that - we had a killer room, with a huge couch, and a neat glass block wall between the bedroom and bathroom, and great lighting for the make up area. (just what girls want)The enterance to and from our tower was a bit of a pain in the ass, but aside from that - pretty nice place to stay.  It's in my top 3.
4	Just had a stay there for a few days. The place was clean and very well maintained. The room was very nice and the view we had was excellent. c.
5	This is one of the places I enjoy when in Las Vegas. The rooms are a nice size with a great view. The casino and pool area too are quite fine. Not on the strip but who cares.
3	This review is for the downstairs areas and casino only as we did not stay here, only gambled here and walked around. We had tickets to see Penn and Teller Friday night and had heard from my mother that the seafood buffet at the Rio was good, so we decided to come here for dinner, show, gambling. The hotel itself was quite nice, but packed with families(which I always find odd for Vegas). There were these circus like contraptions floating up above our heads with people dancing inside of them and throwing down beads like at Mardi Gras w/out boobies showing. The women were scantily clad and the men were topless (nice bodies I might add). It was a fun show to popular music and I am sure the powers that be get amused seeing people crawling on the floor for cheap ass beads...anyway.We played table games here-a little Let it Ride and some 3/5/7. Neither of us had much luck, so when it was time to go to our show, we were happily able to leave the table. After the show, I decided to check out their poker room. I played for a couple of hours and left with the same amount of money I bought in for. There was a terribly intoxicated jerk across from me who got his panties all in an uproar because someone river-ed him against his pocket 8's. What a jerk. The casino host should have recognized his level of intoxication and escorted him out of the poker room, but I am sure the regulars (locals) were enjoying taking his money just a little too much.I would come back here again, but not any time soon.
3	I rate hotels in Las Vegas different from most hotels because when I stay at a hotel in Las Vegas I gamble there, I eat there, I'll usually go to the nightclub or lounge there and possibly shop there.  I might go to other establishments for anything I mentioned above but it's nice if I don't have to.   All the rooms at the Rio are considered suites.  They are large but pretty much an over sized room with a large couch and coffee table.  They say all the rooms are the same but I didn't have a refrigerator in my room every time.    I love the buffets here but the last several times I stayed here the Seafood Buffet was closed for remodeling.   It has reopened though and was well worth the money.  I believe it's at 38 bucks nowbut well worth it.  The Carnival Buffet is great too.  This buffet is divided into sections of the different ethnicity's and types of food.   You'll have Chinese, Italian, Mexican, Japanese (sushi included,) pizzas, salads, etc.     Keep in mind if you gamble at the Harrah's Properties which include the Rio, Caesars, Harrah's, Paris, Bally's, the Flamingo and the Imperial Palace and you happen to be Platinum Status or higher, you will be able to go into a separate line...sometimes immediate seating when the normal line is an hour or longer.   This should be true for all the buffets at the above mentioned properties.  Normally, I wouldn't mention the swimming pool but here at the Rio, don't expect to relax and kick back.  It's quite loud with music blasting and people dancing and drinking all over the pool area.  If you're up for drinking and partying it's great but there's no laying out to relax here.   Here's one of the few places I stay in Las Vegas and I don't go dancing here.  I don't care too much for the Voo Doo Lounge.  If you're going out to meet people, the Voo Doo Lounge isn't very big.   If you're just going out to drink and have fun with friends then it's great and has a nice view of the strip.   If you're staying at the Rio and planning on going to the Voo Doo Lounge on a Friday night you can go to the concierge desk and ask for passes.  If they have them they'll give the to you for free.   There's not too much shopping here but if you want to go to Caesars and you don't want to want to deal with driving and parking you can take the free shuttle outside of the Carnival Buffet area.  You can also head to the other Harrah's properties with the shuttles.
2	For a Vegas hotel, when there are so many to deal with, you think the concierge would not suck.  Alas, not true.We waited for tickets with maybe five people ahead of us in line, but that wait about forty minutes.  When I asked if we were in the right place to PICK UP (meaning paid-for) tickets, I was told here was nowhere else to go.  There were only two people dealing with tickets, one of whom had his thumb up his ass and was incredibly incompetent, and the other who was slightly better but had to deal with everyone, since the other guy working the counter might as well have not been there.  Fortunately for me, the gaming area was next to the concierge, so I could watch the Cubs game while I waited for the poor staff.The other concierge line was worse though, with maybe fifty people in it and the line moving just as slowly.  If your job is to provide service, you would hope that these people would know how to do so.
4	Not on the strip but you can't go wrong with the all-suite rooms! The one and only reason I like to stay at this hotel is for the pool area. That's about it. I think Rio has one of the best pool areas. That's what sets this hotel apart from the hundreds of other choices you have.
5	I actually like staying at the Rio. Big suites and clean. Great casino area for everyone! Lively crowds. Yes, only downfall is, it's not on the strip!Room service food is actually not bad.....or was I just drunk.......no can't be....I believe I've had room service a few times here! I surely can't be drunk everytime now!
5	What i do love about the Rio, the little extra room making it a suite room is huge on my psychological happiness. everyone can say that the down point is that it's not on the strip, but to me it's next to sonics so that competely makes up for it.  The other thing is if you're a partier the palms hotel is across the street. which was nice for us since we went to he Pimp n hos costume ball.
4	Got a free suite here from my rewards card for four nights and the hotel and staff from the valet to the bell man to the people at the front desk were all very friendly and helpful! My son loved the pool they even have a sandy beach area i know its not on the strip but that makes it all the better cause that strip does not move along on a crowded week end,  i like to go to the sports book and they have a pretty nice one too.. i think this will be my third choice for a stay in Vegas behind the Wynn and Monte Carlo..although i have not been to the Monte Carlo in awhiles..
5	Went to the All you can eat Sea Food Buffet in The Rio~~~  It was EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED!!!!  Perfect in EVERY WAY!!!!  As I walked through the hotel  I notice the staff.  They were all smiling, looked happy seemed to enjoy their jobs.  It was one of the most beautiful groups of people I have ever seen!!!I looked for someone to tell,  I found someone in a suit with a name tag and told him, he smile gleefully and said thank you!!  I hope I found the right guy~~~Next time I got to Vegas I know where I WILL STAY
3	Okay...so it's not the nicest hotel in Vegas but if they're gonna comp the room I'm staying here. Now...if you don't know the secret...I'll let you in on it. Ask for a room in the Impanema Tower~!! Cuz ya know what? The Masquerade Tower is pretty damn ghetto. I've stayed in both and what a world of difference. Impanema Tower is a lot newer and bigger. They give you separate shampoo and conditioner but the Masquerade Tower gives you the 2 in 1 kind. Uh...I need to have soft hair. The Masquerade Tower has old sheets (I found a hole in our sheets), furniture and even TV. I mean...it's imcomparable. The swimming pool was pretty nice. We even got free admissions to the Sapphire pool, a topless pool. For ladies, it's $10 regardless of what day it is. For guys, it's $30 on weekdays, $50 on weekends and $60 on holidays. Hahahaha. What a price difference. Anyway, I was curious so I checked it out...with my top on, okay? Guys, save your money for the strip clubs...it ain't a pretty sight in here. Lots of old, saggy and cellulitey bodies. Eww. I guess I shouldn't complain...cuz it was a free room and a free admission to the pool but next time...if I ever stay at Rio again...it will be in the Impanema Tower and the regular pool. For sure.
4	Awesome.  I'm definitely excited to be going back for another conference.The access to everything 24/7 is great, and that's my best love about Vegas in general.  The room was TOTALLY spacious - the biggest room I've ever stayed in for the best rate hands down.  They're not joking when they say ALL SUITES.I didn't enjoy the LONG march from the hotel elevators to the conference center though - it seriously took 20 minutes when hoofing it down there.  But otherwise, the buffet there is great with excellent selection, the gaming is good & minimum bets are priced right, the abundant Starbucks are nice, but stay away from the Sao Paolo Cafe.  The American Grill is good & c'mon - Penn & Teller just rock.I did get sick on this trip, which I firmly believe was the result of not stepping outside of the building for 5 days, so be sure to venture outside once in awhile even if you have no reason to.  The constant recirculated air with the cigarette smoke can be a lot to take.  I did have issues getting the internet to work, but the staff was very nice in assisting me and ended up not even charging me for it since it was such a hassle and had to be renewed and reset every day I was there even though it wasn't supposed to work that way.  The key cards are a bit old, so do be careful when placing them near, oh, ANYTHING else in your purse or pockets since mine got de-magnetized at least twice, resulting in my sitting outside the door waiting for staff to come back up and let me in with a new key.The front desk staff was always very nice whenever I needed anything, but beware that the laundry service won't wash something with vomit on it - don't ask, turbulent plane ride - but they will point you to a laundromat 2 blocks away.It IS a pain to get to from the airport considering it's not on the strip - I think it took us a bit over an hour to get there on a Bell shuttle.  And getting back - forget it, we took a cab.  The shuttle service would only come at certain times to get you and it was like 4-5 hours before the flight, which was a total inconvenience.  The free shuttle to Bally's was good though in terms of exploring the rest of the strip for my husband who'd accompanied me & had never been to LV before.Also, they don't serve Coke products.  Just fair warning for my fellow Coke lovers.
3	The plusses: the room is about 350 sq. feet. After being around crowds all day, it's nice to have a little breathing room. The sheets are soft, and an abundance of pillows, too.The minuses: getting to your room is like walking the hallways of the damned. I forgot my room number - that's how long it took. Diamond Lounge is only open for 4-5 hours a day, like the early bird special. And, it's a $20 cab ride to the airport? When did that happen?!
4	Good hotel. We must have stayed in the renovated towers as our suite was nicely decorated and very comfortable. We had a mini bar and fridge.a nice view and the staff were all pretty helpful and friendly. I went to the pool, not the topless one, but the main one (Ipanema Beach) and it was not that crowded, they have a few pools to choose from as well as, jacuzzi's..the bar is ok at the pool, no happy hour and drinks are expensive $26 for two so-so mojitos. I know, I know bartenders looove making those, but shoot, your getting a tip..Anyways, go gamble and get free drinks instead.I give this place four stars because it was a good stay, not complaints about the hotel AND, my honey bear won $1000 dollars within 20-minutes of us getting there....that would make any stay pleasurable!!
3	My boyfriend and I stayed there for 4 nights in the Masquerade Tower (older one). The room was HUGE compared to what I'd seen in other hotels and it felt like a studio apartment.The shower looked pretty outdated and the water didn't drain very well... there was a small pool of water. There's a vanity area with an extra sink which is nice if someone's using the bathroom. On the last night of our stay, the water took a lot longer than usual to heat up.The bed was so-so; it felt more bouncy than comfy. I saw a few holes in the sheets... not very impressive.After a long day of activities we decided to order room service because we didn't want to go around and look for food, but we were told that it would be an HOUR wait... so we went to the All-American Cafe. The service was horrible. Our waitress disappeared after she brought out our food. Our water never got refilled... when she finally returned, we had to ask for more water. When she came back to fill our glasses, it took forever for her to come back again with our check. Meanwhile, there were at least 3 other groups of people who came and went... Too bad we didn't have that waiter.I liked the Carnival World Buffet. It's supposed to be the largest buffet on the strip, but doesn't seem that big. The food was pretty good considering that most of it had probably been sitting out for a while.The shuttle to the sister hotels was convenient since Rio is off the strip.ALL SUMMED UP:: I'd probably go back but request a room in the newer tower.
3	The staff are extremely friendly here.  It's also not a bad place for conferences.  I just returned from a conference and I enjoyed the lunch and breakfast catering.My "non-smoking" suite was pretty lousy in that it reaked of cigarette smoke.  The elevators smell like alcoholics and the stores charge $3.99 for bottled water so even if you make money, it disappears quickly.Don, the shoe-shine guy from Goodfellows Shoeshine was a cool chap and was pretty reasonable ($8 with a free repolish the next day).The card tables are all $10 and above.  I lost a $10 bet on Roulette bet on the #33.  #35 came up!  Darn!I won $190 on the bonus poker slot machines.  Yes, yes, I know, the odds are horrible on that machine and very much unfair, but all in all, I still enjoy that slot machine game for some reason.  I got 3 4-of-a-kinds in a span of 15 minutes.  At that point, my $20 of quarters turned into $165 worth of quarters.The bar at the entrance is nice and cosy.  The sports book isn't that special.Word of Warning:  Do not use the slot machines between 1am and 4am.  I am convinced that the payoffs of the slots automatically go down sharply.  I've learned in my gambling experiences that all my biggest slot machine winnings have occurred in the day time and all my losses late, very late at night.At the Rio: Lost $200 in 30 minutes on a poker slot machine; and won $200 in the day time slot machines. Could be a pattern there *inserts twighlight zone music*.
3	55 a night? Then on a "back to back" reservation (hotel lingo) just 50? No way? Yes way.You really dont have to venture out of this hotel as most everything you need is right there.The suite was big, webtv rocks, the mini-bar went empty and it was a party once I started spilling drinks on the sectional couch. Sorry.Overlooking the pools 26 stories up with no chance of jumping as all the windows are sealed. Piped in air sucks.The gaming is decent and the floor is large! The restaurants serve good food, especially the RubBBQ! The bars are easy to get a seat at and the bartenders are cool. Best thing are the little platforms around the casino in which the cocktail waitresses either dance or sing on every 15 minutes or so and their scantilly clad outfits are great!Got a Players card thinking I might spend enough to get a comp on something - no way big spender! 3 days and only 4 bucks in comps. Something stinks in Vegas.Clean, good service, great pool area with a sandy beach, free shuttle service to the strip, pretty girls, good sportsbook... Im going back soon!
4	The four stars are for the jackpot on the quarter slots after playing for 10 minutes! Definitely memorable.
2	I was sent here for a ACE Fitness convention for my fire dept along with 4 other people. They told me they couldn't charge the credit card they had because it had to be the one used to make the reservations. (which isn't true because companies pay up front for group rates on one card) We were then told we had to have an actual credit card  (not debit card) to put the security deposit on. Unfortunatly i offered mine up since i was the only one in thr goup who had one. The RIO ended up charging my card over 15 times for 4 seperate rooms. Its taken me about 2 months to get them to credit my card and charge the cities card as they were supposed to. There was some type of problem with the DC gov't credit card so they went to the only one other one on file (mine) without authorization. The only reason they got two stars, friendly (yet not competant hep), nice rooms with decent views, good -not great- location for decent prices, free shows and a good shuttle service.  I didn't like the overly priced drinks, all of the "working girls" , extreemly smokey atmosphere some nights. The gym there was about 20-25 a day (rediculous) One of the guys with me had a leak in his room and they didn't imediatly move him to a new room to repair the leaky ceiling - he was supposed to be comp(ed) free internet and that was also charged to the wrong credit card (mine).The internet was $15?? a day or week (cont remember exactly) WHen most hotels offer free internet. I've contacted them about this several times and was offered no apologies after haing to move alot of money from my savings to my checking accounts to cover their mistake.
3	R and I stayed here at a comped room with C and D when we went up on a whim the day after Halloween. It was a bit of a last minute impulse road trip, and man, I really love them. I wish I'd do more random stuff like that. It was one of the best weekends I've had in awhile.The Rio is pretty much what you'd expect in Vegas: gaudy, cacophonous, ostentatious, ad infinitum. I knew it the second we walked in the door and saw the huge Chippendales sign as we were bombarded with the all-too-familiar jingle jangle sounds of the slot machines. Awesome.We didn't really mull around the casino all that much, as I'm not big into gambling, and we got there with only a couple of hours to spare before the party we came up to attend. That said, if I were a gambling man, I'd bet that there's more than enough to sate your risk-taking desires.The suite was spacious; plenty of room for two couples. We had a nice view of the strip, and it was quiet; a complete contrast from the endless stir of activity downstairs.The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was adequate, and we had more than enough room to lounge around. I will say that we could have used more pillows, and in this day and age of HD, I expected more from the TV.After one crazy, laser-light filled evening of intemperance followed by a few hours of tossing and turning (i.e., a failed attempt at sleep), we ordered room service the next day, and it was OK. R and I shared an omelette of some sort, and the four of us shared a carafe of coffee. After a brief respite, we said our goodbyes and went on our way.I am left with one lingering question: Is it just me, or is the walk out of a Vegas hotel pretty much always rougher than the walk in?
5	Me and my 2 friends got in late, around midnight and were told that they were out of non-smoking rooms.  We inisted that they figure something out and they gave us the Big Kahuna Suite on the 51st Floor for the first night.  We had to move to a normal room the next morning.  I was comped to begin with.  First, you had to put your key in the elevator just to press 51.  Then you get off the elevator and another keyed door awaits.  Through that door, there are only 3 doors for the entire floor.  This room was freaking huge.  A 12 person dining room, half bath, couches surrounding the living room, an old ass tv, not what i would expect for a place that runs 1500 a night.  The master bed room was as bigger than 2 normal rooms and the master bath room was bigger than most hotel rooms.  A hot tub, shower, his and hers sinks, vanity area and mirrors, tv's and phones everywhere.  i was disappointed that we could only stay one night.  oh and the views!!!  from one end of the suite to the other end, floor to ceiling windows.  This whole suite was bigger than my home.  the normal suite was very large and had a separate living area with extra couches.  very big room for a standard room.  the casino was pretty nice.  we were there during the wsop so we saw poker players everywhere.  the show in the sky is a trip.  will stay again when i have lots of friends.
1	Should be called Rio All-Yuck Hotel & Casino.Had to stay here for a conference, and the rooms suck balls.  Major balls.  I liken the rooms here to rooms in Reno, Nevada and that's not a compliment.Sure the room is larger then my apartment, but the tacky window between the bedroom and the shower, obviously not clean sheets, a couch I wouldn't even put my suitcase on, and the musty stench were deal breakers.  Every time I got in a cab and said I was going to the Rio, I would hide my head in shame.To be fair, I was in the old tower, but the new conference wing was REALLY nice and so were the new villas I saw from the window.
3	Sounds like people's reviews are divided between which tower they were in. I was in the happy fun tower (Ipanasomethingorother). The room was HUGE and really nice. We had huge windows that had a view of the hotel and pools (which were closed since it was December). We also went to the Voodoo lounge, which was a lot of fun (though I was pretty drunk as that was the end of the evening for us . .. but I do recall that being on the roof was AMAZING). There's a free shuttle to all the other Harrah's resorts. The restaurants, gambling, and shops in the Rio are only okay, but the room is great, and a lot cheaper than other hotels. We didn't spend much of our time at the Rio itself. The room? 5 stars. The rest of the place? 2 stars. It averages out.
4	I was given a weekend stay at the Rio as a gift from my boss and took my Dad with me as a partner in crime.  The room was nice enough but the window between the shower and the bedroom was a little weird.  I guess it might have been a little less strange if my DAD had not been staying with me.  The pools here were my favorite thing about this hotel.  Very busy as we were there during August and it was about a billion degrees, but the wait staff was always available to bring us more drinks.  The views are nice from this hotel, but it was a giant pain in the butt to get to the strip from this hotel.  The shuttle never seemed to run on time and the location of the hotel makes it a prime candidate to put guests in traffic all the time.  The cheesy "show" above the casino floor is funny and I do not believe they intend it to be that way.  It has a Mardi Gras theme and it is just bad.  They do throw beads so it might be fun for kids to try and catch them.I would stay here again, but only if it was free.  I would rather stay at the Flamingo on the strip!
2	Before my family and I moved to the Venetian as our standard Vegas hotel, we used to stay at the Rio because the rooms were big and cheap.  Unfortunately, one night - the night that made us change our minds about ever staying here ever again - there was some drunk guy banging at our door demanding to be let in at 4AM.  We had to call security on him because he was getting really scary.  I guess this hotel just got really ghetto over time.
3	My last visit to Vegas was early this past September. On our last day, we stopped by Rio for the buffet and to check out the pool before making the 5 hour drive home. Our 2 girl, 3 guy group was quite interested in the topless pool Sapphire. We'd been handed fifty of these little cards offering a free drink there and also us chicas wanted to rid ourselves of some tan lines. bu when we got there...Holy Moley! 30 BUCKS FOR THE GUYS??? Just so they could hang out with us while we have our tops off? On a blazing hot Tuesday afternoon when the tourist season is already dying down? Seemed like a total ripoff when the guys in our party weren't really interested in ogling titties. We were told by the two guys at the entrance that they'd let us girls in for free, but the guys would still have to pay and we couldn't get the free drink special. Still not worth it. We asked if just us girls could walk in for a bit to check the place out, so we'd know if we liked it for next time. My friend and I chilled topless for 20 minutes or so before donning our suits and heading back out, but boy did we get a rude surprise from the two guys at the front. We were berated and called "liars" while one of them stood there and attempted to snap my butt with a rubber band he was holding. Last I checked we weren't lying, we had politely asked to go in for a little to check it out, which we did. If you thought we were in there too long, why the hell didn't you come in there and let us know? Complete assholes, I just wanted a little sun on my boobies. "Well, we charge for that you know," was his response. Christ's sake, since when should I have to pay out the ass and/or get treated like crap just to take off my OWN top? The regular Pool Bar itself was fabulous, if not overpriced, but hey, it's Vegas. The guy working was super nice and did the coolest little stunts while making our drinks. We got properly loaded and swam our hearts out in that regular little pool under the palm trees, while occasionally staring sweet daggers at those two asshats across the way. I don't remember half the ride home cause I was so wasted, but I've remembered my bad experience at the Sapphire Pool everyday since then. Unfortunately, I can't spend my money at ANY hotel/casino in Vegas that hires assholes like that.
3	Pretty average, nothing special here when compared to other hotels in the area.  Location is close to the strip, but the walk is inconvenient, but it is close enough that you don't feel like you need to call a cab.  A Mardi Gras theme and lots of bars inside if you are into the nightlife but none of them were packed while I was there.
3	What was the main reason I had to check out this hotel???  Well, it was actually because my wife had stayed here a few years ago and had their Buffalo Hot Wings for Room Service and they were one of the very best she's ever had.  Soooo.......  After ordering it and trying it, I would have to agree with her.  They were indeed really, really great!!!  The rooms here, at least the one we got was okay.  It is REAL BIG!  I'll give them that.  All their rooms are suites and ours was no exception but it is somewhat outdated.  Of course, the prices are okay to match the outdated rooms so I can't complain too much.  But definitely no WOW factor.  And the bed was not too comfortable so that's a BIG FACTOR in how I would rate a hotel.....
4	My absolute favourite place to stay "Off-The-Strip".I am by no means a high-roller, but several times every year I am treated with offers to stay for a couple of nights at no charge. Why include this in the review? Simply because regardless of it's location or the extremely loud  and annoying "Show in the Sky", the loyalty program is bar-none.The rooms are enormous by hotel standards and can accommodate quite a few extra hotel guests for preparing an Ocean's Eleven-esque heist.One thing I've always found peculiar, but oddly entertaining is the little window that allows for a view from the shower back into the main room or vise-versa. I'm really not sure why it's there, but it's always a conversation piece for the friends that accompany me on my trips.Try the Carnival Buffet which is always a top draw or the Village Seafood Buffet and try to eat a couple full crabs worth of King Crab legs. I did and it was deeeeelicious.If you've never been to the Rio, I suggest you do. You  won't be disappointed.
3	Oh Rio! What the hell happened? You used to be nice and happening. Now, there are stains on your carpet and teenagers running around in their underwear in the hallways. A really pregnant woman in a halter top served me a margarita. A Steelers fan threw up in a plastic football cup. The casino has lost some of its flare which is something you will notice when you hit up some of the other casino alternatives. That said, at least this isn't Circus Circus and the price is right when you want something simple, clean, and off strip.
3	Not bad for free.  We spent two free nights in a dull, outdated room that overlooked the Mirage side of the strip.  There were no bed spreads, but I preferred that actually given the unseen fluids that permeate most hotel linens.  The room had one really weird aspect--there was a window which allowed you to see directly into the bathroom from the bedroom.  Why was that there?  Although not walking distance to the strip, the hotel provides a free shuttle to the strip.  I would have been really pissed if I had paid for this room, but for free, it was okay.
4	We begin with the poker room.I don't play cash games, so my perspective is entirely that of a tournament no limit hold 'em player.  I bought into a $60 tourney of 3,500 chips.  I took the 2,000 chip add-on about 45 minutes in.There were 18 players at 11am.  I managed to cash in second place.  There was a moment where drink service was a bit slow, but I was satisfied with the room in general.  A good group of folks there, lot of friends there.  Friendly crowd, and while the levels, at 15 minutes, were pretty quick, the starting chips made it work so I had time to establish a conservative image before the blinds forced me in.  I had fun.Oh, and there was a cute cocktail waiter.  How about that?  Yes, sometimes I am that shallow.The fun part about the Rio poker room is that it's next to the sports book, and so the roar of the crowd during divisional playoff weekend is your cue to check the monitors for the instant replay.
5	*this review is for the casino and seafood buffet only.i LOOOOOOVE this place.  granted, all of my friends and I walked away winners, so I'm a little biased.  the casino is HUGE, with games for young and old, broke college kids and high rollers.  we won at penny slots, video poker, black jack tables. my friends ate at the seafood buffet and loved loved loved it.. apparently the sea food was the best they'd ever had.  I'm allergic, so i stayed away, and was pleasantly surprised by a free show at 7pm in the casino.  hot performance, hot dancers, great singing.  i had an incident where a video poker machine ate my dollar and wouldn't let me play, and this worker magically showed up and got my dollar back and suggested a machine for me to play on.  I won 5 bucks, then lost it again in all the excitement, but who cares, this place is great!!!
5	They continued to impress me on my most recent trip from which I'm writing this review on.A friend and I stayed four days and three nights using my comps. We were set up in the Ipanema tower on the thirteenth floor. (I can't believe they had a thirteenth floor.) To my surprise, the voyeur window has been replaced with a giant mirror on the roomside and filled in with some marble.Anyway, the reason I was so delighted by Rio was that someone watching those black orbs with big brother cameras in them must have recognized my displeasure in losing quite a hefty sum of money. I was playing some Bonus Poker and a host came by and asked if I was who they thought I was and handed me some bonus comps including reward points and multipliers. It wasn't something super amazing, but I felt like I mattered and isn't that was customer service is all about?I'll be back in Vegas soon and I will definitely be staying at the Rio again and again and again.
4	we stayed at the rio for 20 bucks on a sat!  it was great i have no complaints at all, the rooms were adorable  and spacious i would be more than happy to come back, im definately a fan :):):):)
3	My stay in this hotel for the superbowl weekend was ok. Honestly, I dont know what else to write.. Had fun playing roulette with the boyfriend... And there were some hoes there offering my man friend(is that a word?) BJ's for $50.00..where these hoes come from? Anyway, I dont know if I would stay here again but my stay was ok. Penny the housekeeper was a cool lady, talking to you Miss Penny made my day better.. Well alright folks, that's pretty much it..:)
5	One of my fav hotels off of the strip. I was thrown by the size of the room and the comfort of the king size bed. I had a wonderful view (I thought) of the Palms hotel and I liked the voodoo lounge upstairs with their ginormous fish bowl drinks. Thats another story...that drink should NOT be consumed SOLO.
5	One of my favorite hotels in Vegas. The standard suites are very nice and spacious. It had a sofa and a table with two chairs. It also had an iron, ironing board, hair-dryer, safe, refrigerator, two sinks, and large bathroom. Check in was a breeze, as well as check out. Ordered some room service, very prompt and friendly. I would definitely come back!
4	I've stayed in this hotel many times and for the price you pay...the rooms/suites are just great!  It's a big room that can accommodate a lot of your friends and family.  The sofa also sleeps two people.  What's also great is that it has a fridge to store your own liquor, beer, and food.  As for the buffet restaurants, one is international and the other is primarily for seafood lovers.  The bars are cool if you just want to chill and they provide free shuttle service to several hotels along the strip.  The Voodoo Lounge is pretty cool too.  Try their Witch Doctor drink.  If you're afraid of heights, the elevator ride to the Voodoo Lounge might be a little extreme.  The pool is nice.  Try to go to the private pool party hosted by Sapphire.  For the casino, they have the usual slots, tables, and poker.  I've actually won some money here, so I really can't complain.  If anything, they should modernize the rooms and casino to attract more people.
5	My 2 girlfriends and I went here for a Vegas getaway and it was great.  For being off-strip, it was a great hotel with all the imenities i needed.  The suite was very spacious with the two beds, a sofa and a nice sized bathroom.
4	I was VERY happy with our room!! the room is HUGE for near $130 a nite we got a two queen room when you walk in to your right is a mini fridge (not the ones stocked but ones so you can chill ur own stuff), the closet, two sinks, two vanitys (!!!!) and a bathroom, and if you walk straight in without the turn right is the room with a huge L shaped couch and two comfy beds and a BIG tv...yes the tv isnt plasma, the bed didnt have a nice comforter, there was only a shower not a shower & a bath BUT the massive window with a HUGE view, the mini fridge!!, multiple fully lit vanitys, the window in the shower for your hotelmates to peek at u while ur neked scrubbin away, and the comfy couch is all a PLUS pLUS PLUS!!
5	So, no this isn't the nicest hotel in Vegas, pretty far from actually.  And yes, I know it's a bit off the strip.  This is where my friends and I used to stay when we were young and broke and cramped 15 kids in a room and filled the tub with cans of Bud Light and Smirinoff.However, their newly remodeled rooms are pretty nice.  The suite was huge! Came with two spacious queen sized beds, had a nice big bathroom with dual sinks and plenty of getting ready space (3-4 girls could use the mirror at once!) The living room was a separate room with a huge couch as well a dining table for 6 and bar area with an EMPTY mini-fridge...no bathtub coolers now kids!   There was also another smaller bathroom by the hallway--for you shy folks.  The bedroom has a door closing off the living room as well, an added bonus for late-night rendezvous and not having to kick out your friends...or make them pretend sleep.  Our other friends got a room at the Venetian and were quite jealous that our suite and bathroom was double the size of their room.The room was comped for us, but it's def. worth your buck.Pro: Buffet is downstairs...I prefer Rio buffet over Bellagio.Cons: off-strippillows aren't as plush as the nicer hotels..but whatever.
5	Thank you RIO for coming through big time for me. I had a death in the family and had to leave for Vegas in less than 24 hours; and had no place to stay. I called Harrah's (I'm a rewards club member and Harrah's has seven properties in Vegas), they offered me two choice's; $500.00 a night at Cesar's or $150.00 a night at The Rio. Well with the economy the way it is and it being the end of the month...this was a no brain-er. So we arrive and Kwambe at the front desk greets us; I tell him my sad story and is there anything they can do for us. Kwambe goes to see his manger and then returns... - Kwambe - OK we have you all set up; go to these elevators and insert your room key in the elevator to access the 20th floor - Me - OK... We get in the elevators go up to the 20th floor and when they open up we are greeted by a very large lounge and concierge desk. I'm thinking what the hell. We go down the hall and all of the door are double doors, again I'm thinking what the hell. So we open our door and OMG I nearly fainted. We had 1600 square feet of room with - * A breathtaking 180 degree view of the city * Formal dining room with wet bar * Master bedroom with Jacuzzi tub and walk-in shower * Upgraded sound system * 1 1/2 Baths * 2 flat screen TVs and one smaller TV. in the mirror in the bathroom * Electronic open drapes and sooooo much more I'm not sure what this room goes for; but the sign next to the door showing you how to exit in an emergency lists the room at a maximum chargeable rate of $5,000.00 a night. Thanks Rio & Kwambe; I got it for $130.00. We didn't leave the room that night and I only lost $40.00 on the Roulette table, Sunday morning. So it was a win/win situation all around. I'll be back, under better circumstances next time.
4	Another hotel I get to stay for free.. so I really don't know the price.. Even though this is pretty far from the vegas strip but I know some people would like to be in a more quiet, relaxing enviornment. I stayed there all by myself again, I always stay at different hotels when I'm in vegas with my family. =(  but it's good in a way, cause I do have my privacy. =) .. For da ladies, this is the place to be. First of all all room are suite, even the regular suite are pretty big. then they got the Chippendales show.. LOL.. lastly, end of the night you could go 51 floor voodoo lounge/club.. w/a beautiful view. It's  a pretty fun place to be..
3	Great place to stay if you don't want to spend to much. The rooms are very large and the casino isn't bad at all. There buffet is one of the best Ive had. The place is ideal for a late night lets go to vegas!! tonight!! kind of night  lol. But i suggest walking over to the palms to gamble... way more better looking lady's.
4	I love the Rio. This is probably one of the best hotels I've stayed at in Vegas but I've only stayed at the Luxor, Embassy Suites, Imperial Palace, and Monte Carlo before so in comparison The Rio is pretty awesome.We got a suite on the 25th floor with 2 queen beds and the view at night was amazing. You can see all the pretty lights from the Strip and the lit up pools were so sexy. The L shaped couches are pretty cool and I love the bathroom! Whenever I go to Vegas I always share a room with a bunch of people and it sucks because only one person can shower and get ready at the same time because the mirror and shower are in a room, but the shower, toilet and sink were private and there's another sink and mirror with a sliding mirror closet door so getting ready to go and party was more efficient than usual. Be warned though... there is a see through glass panel right next to the shower so if you're sharing the room with people you don't want to see you naked or droppin the kids off in the pool, be careful! Hahaha.The service was awesome both checking in and checking out and they also have shuttle service to Harrah's if you want to walk around the Strip in the daytime. All in all, I loved it!
4	The weather was absolutely PERFECT on Saturday so we had to hit up the recently reopened pool. We were all really excited to swim in the pool with the waterfall but that was taped off so disappointed ran through our group, but the atmosphere is relaxing. It's the perfect way to start off your day after a crazy night of drinking heavily and dancing hard. We ended up chillin in the kiddy pool and it was so warm! The water was not cold at all. We hit up the hot tub in the back afterwards but got kicked out around 6 p.m. which was the perfect cue to let us know that we needed to back to our rooms and get ready for another crazy night on the Strip! I knew ladies got in for free and the website said guys have to pay unless you have a room key but we all just kind of walked right through. Awesome!
2	So..the room was ghetto. The sinks and toilet kept making weird noises everytime you flushed or washed your hands..it seemed as though the plumbing was jacked up.The cleaning service was ghetto too. They tried to clean our room at 8am. Seriously, who wakes up at 8am? When we were ready to go, we told them they could clean our room (around 10am)...they never came. We told them again at around 1pm, never came, told them again at 3pm, never came. Told them again at 4pm..FINALLY came. Then, they came again at night, which I thought was a bit weird..
4	The Rio isn't a bad alternative if you can't get rooms at the Venetian or the Wynn. The RIO gave me a deal I couldn't refuse. Especially on short notice and for my buddy's bachelor party. To my suprise, the RIO redesigned their suites. They finally got rid of their skank infested sofas and peeping Tom shower windows. Yeah, in the old suites you can watch someone shower through this window. Kinda weird when you're sharing a room with your buds. If you got the package, shit, you got nothing to be shy about right? Well, now it's covered up. They put in new granite tops and some other redesigns which makes their rooms so much nicer. The suite has your typical amenities like hairdryer, iron, internet ($10), and personal cleaning items. No coffee maker, which is not a big deal to me. The Rio does give you an extended check out which is cool after a night of craziness. The hotel overall is still quite lively. I haven't checked out the Sapphire pool yet. Apparently they have the strippers from the Sapphire night club hang out there. I doubt I'll ever have a chance if my wife has anything to say about that.....I've always had great experiences here. The staff is friendly and I've never had a bad experience here.
4	I struggled between 3 and 4 stars on this one. It got 4 because the rooms are amazing for the price. The room was clean and huge. We got a smokin deal on it.The thing I hate about this place is the smoke in the casino. It seems that the newer hotels have a better venthilation system, because it normally doesn't bother me. I actually went up to the room early because the smoke was soooo  bad.
3	stayed here again cuz my friend got a free room.why the star drop?this time our room was much smaller then last time, no window in the shower, no vanity area, and no huge couch it was just a simple room.when we got in the room the toilet was already broken and a guy had to come fix it which caused us to be even more latei realized i hate the casino area of the hotel it looks so dingy and grosstheir room service can kisss a hairy ass. seriously we got a clam chowder, diet coke, and chicken noodle soup for $20. seriously the soda was this tiny half bottle i shoulda ran downstairs and ordered it at the tables, and my chicken noodle soup was BEYOND salty i mean completely un-edible, plus the chicken was gross looking and the noodles were extra hard... i jsut gave up and ran downstairs to gamble.so i left my pillow here in the room but they found it and it was @ the security desk. he was being a dick, asking me what exact colors it was (omg its like the most fruity rainbow-colored thing around!!) plus he was acting like it was a gold bracelet not wantin to give it to me making me sign a slip takin all my info from my license...wtcrazy......& valet is the slowest crap EVER!Rio ur....ALRIGHT
3	Mom and I stayed here last May (2008) due to mom getting the free room offers in the mail.We had a good time. The buffet is good and I enjoy the sky parade that they have. Our room was cool with a pretty nice view.I have now received free room offers in the mail for this year, so I'll be back to the Rio pretty soon!
2	Grrr. The story is ONLY short:Broken Refrigerator in the room.Burned-out Lightbulb in the room.Front-desk staff ("Cher from Phillipines") who had no idea how much a "Resort Fee" at the Rio was, what it was charged for, when it was charged, or even how to ASK somebody who knew.Boo! HISS!Ok, the "room" is not even a suite, though it is larger.  For the record, it was my mother who stayed here, and she prefers this hotel room to the hotel room at the Golden Nugget, and got a pretty good deal airfare/4nights from Southwest.  That's the ONLY reason this review is rated 2-stars.Grr.
4	The room is really nice. I actually had a room with one of those shower windows. I thought it was cool because you could watch TV and shower at the same time. Or in my case peep at my husband trying to buy porn. HAHAHA. He didn't like the window. It had a nice couch. The room though, was hot. There like the air conditioner had one vent by the window and it doesn't do a good job at making the room cold. Kinda important in Vegas ya know what I mean. The buffet delicious, casino okay, overall nice for the young hip crowd. Yes the sink and plumping makes a weird noise and that's because the pipes are old. I am used to it because I lived in old ghetto apartments all my life.
5	Well my wife and I went to Vegas for our anniversary so we decided to splurge a little by staying at the Rio. Well it was well worth it. The service was fast to check in with no problems or hesitation. The room was very large compare to other rooms I have stayed in Vegas. The only drawback to the room was the tiny AC vent to cool the entire room it was a little warmer than I expected in my room. Also there is a small window in the shower which you can look in the bed area. I was on the fence on this one It was cool for about 5 minutes till I had to take a shower. I know that I am a married man but can I have my "me" time in the shower. Other than that one of the best rooms out there and not to far from the strip.
4	For the price that I had to pay...which was close to nothing..it was definitely not bad.  I mean the first thought of staying here I was kind of disappointed...I've never stayed off the strip before....I always stay on the strip but I guess I can't complain. We had a car so it didn't matter and our whole point of this trip was to not be on the strip.   The rooms here were huge and we got connecting rooms which was a big plus....and they were no-smoking rooms...what a difference.  The beds were not bad but considering I didn't get much sleep..what do I know.  Now the bathroom was a bit weird....there was a window in the shower where people in the room can look at you.  And I am not used to the tub in the bathroom almost lost my toe taking a shower.  Overall not a bad place to stay if you had a car.  I do prefer the strip where all the action was.  And as for gambling here....ha no thank you.....I think I got robbed here.
4	Check in was wonderful.  We upgraded to the renovated tower for an extra $20 a night which was fine since we initially reserved our room at around $60.  The room itself is nice.  An empty mini fridge is provided for each room.  We save a lot of money by buying some water bottles and snacks.  They have in room internet but it is not wireless.  We had a great view of the pool and strip.The off strip location can be a good or bad thing.  They do offer shuttle service to Bally's, Paris, and Harrah's around every 30 minutes.  And I mean 20-30 minutes.  I would have wished they had more shuttles operating more frequently, especially since the World Series of Poker was taking place.  However, if you have a car you're good.Restaurants: Not the best selection.  If you're looking for fine dining, don't eat here.  Although I did like Gaylord India and the wine cellar.  Shopping is not that great here either.Pool: Loved it.  The crowd was not annoying like they are at some of the pools on the strip.  Also, if you're not a Rio guest but sign up for the total rewards card you can use the pool for free.Customer Service: Outstanding.  We had an unfortunate incident where we needed a jump to start our car.  Rio guest services and security were so helpful and nice.  Overall, its a nice hotel.  And if you're thinking of playing at the WSOP I would recommend staying here.
4	ROOMThe suite we had was nice enough - two queens and a large couch that serves well enough for an emergency bed.FOODThe restaurants lean towards standard fare - three separate bar and grill types, for instance.  Nothing wrong with any of the three, just not exciting, either.GAMINGI only played craps when I wasn't playing poker - they had enough tables, but out of the six, there was only one team that seemed interested in entertaining.  WORLD SERIESThey definitely keep making the setup better - more rooms with better table spacing, much better food options, more bathrooms.  There are more windows for sign-ups, but pre-registering and going through will-call is the way to go if you can manage it.Some things can still get better:  the hallways are crazy during breaks and their over-flow tables were practically back in the casino.  That's a crappy experience for those who put up the money to play in the most popular poker events in the world.FUNThe Voodoo lounge is fun enough on the weekends.
3	Not the best hotel in Las Vegas, but still pretty nice.I came here for a business trip...the restaurants and casino are just ok, but the pool and rooms are pretty comfy. Its a good stanby if everything else is full, however, don't expect a total 5 star hotel.The bottom line: they have lots of good deals and if you can get a good package then come here. The only downside is off from the strip and there are lots of trade shows held here ( I came here for work) so you will find more business suits types than vacation people in las vegas at this place
1	I didn't stay here --- I came here for Penn and Teller.  Most things in Vegas are pretty organized.  We took a cab here.  Then, when we were leaving we asked about getting back to the strip.  They suggests the free shuttle that leaves every half an hour on the half-hour.  OK, sounds good.  We get to the pickup spot at 10:29.  There are people waiting but no shuttle.  So, we sit down and assume that it will arrive any minute.  Well, more and more people show up. There is no line. Finally at 10:50 we realize that people are just standing at the curb.  And we realize that they will probably get on the shuttle first.  The shuttle finally comes at 11. Lots of people get off. PLenty get on...but not us!  What a joke!  Where are the ropes and the nice lines???  When we finally got on the next shuttle, it was hot and the music was really loud. NOt fun.
3	This review is just for the buffet:not bad in terms of options especially for the price but the taste of most of the good is pretty meh,things that i particularly liked were the salisbury steak and prime rib so if you do go there make sure to hit that biz up.their shrimp and crab legs were sorta weird texture wise, iunno if that's indicative of their lack of freshness but that's usually what i'm most excited about in vegas buffets
4	Rio is a good choice for a stay in LV. It is an all suites hotel so the rooms are rather large. They have good dining options Buzios is great for fish and The Wine Cellar is a good high end restaurant. The show the Carnival in the sky is one of those fun, campy Vegas things and you don't have to stop gambling since it happens overhead in the casino. The casino is part of the Harrahs chain so your points there help with the comps. The hotel is a few blocks off the strip but there is a shuttle up to the Harrahs.
3	Great deal but lacking the Vegas experience.This all-suite hotel offers rates similar to those on-strip hotels except you're getting 600+ sq ft of space.  The space, the double sinks, extra fridge, shelves, floor length mirrors, etc. were definitely appreciated but I just couldn't shake this large studio apartment feel off my standard suite.  I was still pretty happy with the hotel until I drove over to the strip and was reminded of the crowds and bright lights.  The Rio was just a little too serene for the hustle and bustle I wanted out of Las Vegas.There was a blackout during our stay at the Masquerade tower.  All the lights went out as soon as we opened our room door.  I sorta thought that it was us who short circuited the place!  :O  So glad we were able to get into our room because the hallway was completely dark without any emergency lights.  We called front desk right away and they sent out security to investigate, so they said.  It wouldn't have been too bad if our room wasn't right next to the emergency stairway and we heard all the banging of the staircase and talking from everyone who was walking down.  That was very loud and scary.  We did not hear from front desk or security again.  We tried to call front desk a while later for updates but was put on hold rather indefinitely.  I suppose there's nothing they should do but to get the problem fixed ASAP as any announcement would just cause unnecessary panic.  The ordeal lasted about a couple of hours.  :(
4	Unfortunately, I haven't been to the seafood buffet but have been to the regular buffet which is my favorite one in Vegas. I am wasting money @ any buffet because I'm not a big eater however, my 6'7" husband can shut one down if he doesn't snack before we go out. This buffet was about $70 for 4 of us which to me is outrageously expensive but we had guests in from out of town so we took one for the team. We went during the day but there were still a grip of people partaking of the buffet. This is the only buffet that doesn't give me indigestion or IBS so I recommend it but I'm not raving about it. Good for tourists marginal for locals.
4	This past weekend my boyfriend and I ate at the Rio seafood buffet. The bill was well over 80 dollars for the two of us, so this buffet is not cheap. But with all the seafood options, it was definitely worth it. Crab legs, mini lobster tails, more crab legs...Yum! We had at least 5 plates between us. And the gellato was tasty too. I took off a star for the prime rib that kind of looked like it wasn't cooked long enough. Besides that, if you have the money, this is a great buffet to try!
3	Rio is "Meh." The rooms are big, the restaurants are pretty good, but something is just lacking at the Rio. The casino definitely has a Reno flavor to it. The carnival shows each hour are kinda cheese. Best way to say it, it's off the strip - and it's got very little attraction so it is quiet and boring.
4	For the money, I think the best layout of a room in Vegas (aside from the top floor suites that most of us will never see) is the rooms at Rio. Rather than a long thin room with steps, the Rio has rooms that are w i d e. With full floor to ceiling windows. The Masquerade tower has the newer rooms and some better views. However, it's away from the main hall and the "action." The Ipanema tower is still a fine example of what a suite should look like - w i d e. I have stayed at the Venetian, Palazzo, and Encore which are all advertised as "suites." However, the are merely longer versions of a standard room with a stepped sitting area. Albeit, very nicely decorated, but I like the wideness of the Rio's rooms.And, to get to the strip, they run a shuttle to both Paris and Harrah's every 30 minutes. Good idea if you want to hit the strip, enjoy the alcohol, and not worry about driving back. Yes, you could take a taxi, but I'm cheap, so a free shuttle is much better than a taxi that hits all the lights.
3	Nice rooms, a little dated.  Friendly staff, but long lines for the buffet.  Pool is too small, extra charge for nice pool.
4	Rio 4 stars. Better then circus circus and those other crap, close to new york new york but not close to ceasers or belagio. Rio always has the best shows though, they have a lovly inside aswell and the marti gra performance i think it is, with people flying around and everything suspended above the ground is wonderful to look at visit at least once in your life time, Arcade is fairly decent so kids no worries...then again i was a little boy when we would stay  here maybe if i go back i wont like it as much!TFR
4	It's been my third time now staying in a hotel that's been off the strip and this one's been the best experience so far. I know the Palms is supposed to be the better one in this area, but the Palms is douchebag city. I admit the decor in the public areas of this whole hotel seems really dated- about as old looking as the way Excalibur looks. But the rooms make up for all of it. They're not lying about the whole all-suites thing. These rooms are HUGE! My room had two queen beds, and a very spacious sitting area with a sofa. I'm sure if you wanted to cram in more people, you could fit another 4 people in here comfortably. (I'm not saying I did that- I'm not that ghetto anymore) They just need to update the rooms with some flat screen TVs and update the fixtures in the bathroom to make these rooms perfect. If you don't care about staying at the Strip, but don't want to stay at a motel- Rio could work out for you.
2	This was my fourth (and last) stay at the Rio. It was about four times more expensive than any other time we've stayed and about a third as good. The lines for everything were really long - which is fine with me when there are a reasonable amount of people working - but two people to check in a long line of people at 4:00pm?? That is check in time right? Are you surprised that we're here?Then we get to our non-smoking room only to have to move b/c it was so smoky. Hm. I wonder if I was supposed to choose non-smoking as in we really don't smoke. When we got to our new room we decided that we would have a drink. So, I called room service to please bring up some wine glasses. I was told that it would be $3 per glass. WHAT? Why? Never in all of my hotel staying life have I had to pay to borrow a glass. Especially when the room I'm staying in is over $300 a night. For goodness sakes - give a girl a glass. So, we decided we'd go Italian style and drink out of the small glasses in the room. Too bad they had dried orange juice on them. I guess I'm just not a girl that likes leftovers.In general I really felt like there wasn't a single person at the Rio that cared if I came or went. Point taken Rio. So long.
3	I do have to say that the room was HUGE.  But the bathroom was the smallest I've ever had in Vegas.  So you just have to figure out your priorities.  For me, having a full wall of windows overlooking the pool and the lights of the Strip at night overweighed the lack of a huge tub.  Many restaurants were only open for dinner.  One restaurant only served breakfast from 6:00 a.m. to noon and then closed for the rest of the day.  You can directly see how the economy is effecting this hotel.  Checking in and out were easy.  Every Rio employee I encountered was friendly.  The business center closed at 6:00  p.m. but who's here to do business, right?For the $79 a night I paid, this was a great place to stay.
3	Massive suite-ness!  So much elbow room (yeah, that's it, "elbow")!  Rio be overlooking the main hotel, the pools (one of them shaped like a fish), and the West side of the Strip!We stayed Sunday night (the 20th) and it really is a beautiful thing when it's comp'd.  When I think of a standard (average to above-average) hotel in Sin City, this is what I would imagine.  Instead, it was a no frills reality.  It's not shabby, but it's not fancy schmancy either.  In other words, way better than Bally's suites, similar to Paris, but not as good as The Palazzo.  I wonder if their buffet is still one of the greatest..  Anywho, cheers to free and super quick shuttle service to and from the Strip (7a - 1a)!
4	I heart the Rio! It's technically a 3 star hotel, which is still good, but i gave it an extra star because of all the great food places they have downstairs!  Food in a hotel is a big deal to me because i dont like to leave the hotel if im not going clubbing and im usually not the person who drove up to Vegas so I dont have a car to migrate. Try all the food places if you can!The Rio is an all suites hotel so it's nice and spacious.  Their couches are also pull out. I stay at the Rio alot because my mom is always getting comp rooms.  The hotel has a mardi gras theme so there's half naked girls that dance on top of the machines. I heard they revamped the pool area and it's way nicer but I havent been down to it since Spring Break 07.  It kind of resembled a beach because it had a sand area. The Rio is a part of the Hilton hotel crew so it has a shuttle area that can take you around to alot of different hotels, like my favorite one, Ceasar's Palace!
5	We enjoyed the Rio! We stayed for 3 days and it is a great place to stay if you have a kid with you! it is spacious and clean! All the staff was very nice to us!
4	This is the best hotel off the Las Vegas Strip by far. You don't even really need a car to stay here. Since the place is a Harrah's property you can take a shuttle out back to any of the other property hotels which is a huge plus. If it's one of the 5 days the weather is nice in Las Vegas you can even easily walk to the Strip in 8-10 minutes and it has a sidewalk the whole distance. The rooms are all suites and amazing no matter where you wind up in the hotel. While the price falls similar to Strip hotels the Rio wins for me every time with quality and size. The added bonus is that the Rio always has great and entertaining stuff going on. Quality poker room, fantastic food selections (including what I feel is the best buffet in Vegas), and great pools just make this place a trifecta. Believe me when I say once you give this place a chance you won't care it's on the wrong side of I-15.
4	I found this hotel pleasing for a number of reasons. First, they have an amazing coffee and dessert place in the Masquerade Walk next to McFadden's. It serves up these amazing fruit tartes with a good six varieties of fruit, and these taste like someone just sliced the fruit five minutes ago. I was in foodie heaven with the blend of pear, pineapple, blueberry, raspberry, strawberry, apple, etc. Second, they created an entire theatre for Penn and Teller. If you haven't seen Penn & Teller already, GO SEE THEM NOW. They're a Vegas staple, they're a national treasure, and they're worth every penny of their tickets. Third, the buffet. Oh, sweet Lord, the buffet. If you haven't experienced what appears to be a mile long parade of everything from sushi to pork chili verde to peach cobbler, you're missing out. Fourth, if I recall correctly, they have a beach by their pool, for your toes in the sand-dipping pleasure. What more could anyone want? Granted, I haven't tried their suites, so I can't really comment on everything, but I really enjoyed myself there. I was certainly tempted numerous times by their "Sky" show masks at the gift shops, but managed to forebear. Perhaps next time...
4	This was my sister's first stay in Vegas and my 2nd (as adults).  She was recommended the Rio by a coworker who lives there so she found a deal online and we booked it.All in all it was a really nice hotel.  Even though it is off the strip, there is a shuttle (as many mention) that takes you back and forth to Paris/Bally's and Harrahs.  As everyone has noted, the rooms are HUGE.  The sofa was plenty comfy.  They had a lot of coupons in their booklet that helped bring the cost down for us on things like super fancy meal at the Seafood restaurant and for the show.  I wanted to like the pool area, but unfortunately when we went to go swimming at 3 on a Sunday, they had closed the whole area to get ready for a concert in the evening. What?!  That was very disappointing as I had been dreaming all day about going swimming in the pool.  When they did reopen the area at 4:30ish (to let the concert goers in) the concert was free, so we got to go in and swim, but then it was just weird because it was mostly full of people there for the concert, so we didn't stay long. The dealers we experienced were for the most part really nice and helpful.  There was only one I had a negative experience with and luckily her boss was right there when she made the mistake so I didn't have to argue with her.  We had a very helpful roulette dealer in the early afternoon who showed my sister the ins and outs of betting which she appreciated since she had never done it before.  I found the beds to be off-puttingly firm, so I didn't like that.  They also had (at least in our room) a weird window in the shower that looked into the room so when you were in there showering I felt a little exposed (It was only my shoulders up but I'm at 5'7"  Any taller and you maybe exposing more).  That meant, too, that if you turned on the light in the bathroom in the middle of the night, there was a flash of light in the room too.  All in all, though, it was a fun weekend getaway.  We probably could have not left the hotel at all and had a pretty good time just there.
2	I stayed at the Rio with a conference in July. It was dirty, musty, mildewed, the pool was closed a lot during normal hours of operation, the food was okay. The game floor was run-down, dirty, stinky (like someone crapped their pants-all the time). The elevators were often crowded and we had to wait in a mob to get on an elevator. There were always long lines at reception and concierge. We were there on weekdays. The shuttle services was poor - always waiting for the second or third shuttle to pick us up from the strip to come back. A cab would've been easier and worth the money. We had a great rate but it was similar to better kept hotels on the strip.  I would not ever stay there again with all of the other options in Vegas. I only stayed because of the conference or I would've changed hotels after the first night.
3	Oh Rio ...::shakes head::... You didnt supply body wash in the room and you took away the shuttle to the ever so fabulous Ceasar's Palace. And where was the pull out couches I heard about?! You made me sound like a liar in my previous review. Sorry love,  I had to downgrade you :/
4	Where do I start???  I am a big fan of Las Vegas and had an amazing weekend.  I usually stay at the Rio, because it has the best priced suites and a shuttle that takes you back and forth to the strip.We usually go play some craps, hit the slots (getting as many free drinks as we can intake, well not really free because we tip nicely) and then hit the clubs (somewhere else).Location: It's off the strip, but the shuttle comes every 15 minutes, so not a big deal.  Plus its close to the Palms, where we like to party.Atmosphere: It's nice to sit around, get some drinks and have a live show perform for you.  We will mess around with the slots, drink a tad and watch the singing/dancing show in the sky.Food: Best buffet in Vegas!!!  The cafe is also good and has great service.Price:  Awesome.  Great price for the size of the room.  Buffet is expensive, but it's worth it. Value Tip:  Get a players card and you can receive points for future comps.  Gamble, Gamble,Gamble and you will love your stay!Overall: I want to give it 5 stars, but I had a bad experience the moment I got there.  The valet guy was a Doche and we (almost) got removed from the hotel for our costumes.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with our stay at the Rio for the Halloween weekend. I heard some not so great things about it, that it was old/stale... but I thought it held up nicely for a "mature" hotel off the strip. Staff was friendly, room service and housekeeping were really quick to deliver, and the few places to eat downstairs were actually pretty good. Minus a star for the pool area. The entire area is totally shaded by the hotel itself until late afternoon... when it starts to get chilly. Whats the point of that? Oh, I also loved the bathrooms here. Even in our small room we had a great bathroom that had a separate sink/vanity with a chair. You know how us ladies need our own space to sprawl out when getting ready... so it was perfect for my Halloween dressing room!
5	Great place, great people, well recommended.
3	Their buffet is great,Yet so far from the action.Why not on the strip?
4	I just stayed at the Rio for the first time from November 2-5. I have to say I love this place. Obviously since it is all suites the rooms were spacious. Love the fact there is a fridge and safe in your room. Stocked the fridge with my own beer and water and used the safe to hold my "valuables" (GPS, iPod, extra cash, etc.). The shower heated up quickly. Water pressure was strong. Bathroom airs out quickly after taking a shower. Staff was very helpful and prompt with service. Also loved the free shuttle service to the airport and strip. Drop off points to the strip are Paris and Harrah's. Right in the middle of the strip and you can plan your day from there. Cocktail servers on the floor were quick with your order. Not many servers between midnight - 6 am but they do have some somewhere. Rio is off the strip but it is not that far. I highly recommend staying here. Rooms are spacious and service went beyond expectations.
4	The Rio is pretty stellar. Although it's an older establishment, it only means the prices are much more reasonable than comparable places on the Strip. This place is by no means second-rate. The rooms are extremely clean and nicely furnished with a separate sitting area. Granite countertops in the bathroom and vanity area are also a nice touch. The all-suite guest rooms are great for big groups, lots of room for throwing shoes around and passing out drunk.  You can even request adjoining rooms with your buds for immediate access to borrow lipgloss or take group tequila shots.The location is a little out of the way, however they provide a free shuttle service to Harrah's on the strip and Palms is within walking distance. Save a few bucks on the cab fare!
2	Old rooms.   My buddy had a big suite .   I thought I was in a Brady Bunch episode.   Bring out the black lights and let really see whats on the old ass couches. haha  The Valet was friendly.   Save the money and stay at hooters for half the price.
2	It was like walking into 1987 with "Take my Breath Away" by Berlin playing in my head as I looked through the room. I think this is the only hotel in Las Vegas with tube televisions. Even the Excalibur has LCD TVs at $37 a night. The room is a good size, but all I can look at is outdated decor- brass lamps, green carpet, and brown cabinets. Expedia rated this hotel with 4 stars and the pictures online looked good as well so it was a fat disappointment to stay at this hotel. Most of the people who are staying at this hotel look like they are from Fresno, CA. The hotel shops have cheap boutiques like a strip mall. The rate was reasonable but next time I will spend an extra buck to get a better room somewhere else,
1	Went to the manny pacquiao fight and decided to stay here because of the suite option. I booked my hotel suite about two months ago requesting two queens and a pull out bed.  When i was checking in, the room check in guy said only a king is available.  I told the guy i wasn't trying to sleep with two guys in a king size bed.  The guy kept going to the back to supposedly "see what he can do".  Yeah right, fool was trying to make me slip him a 20.  Getting a hotel room isn't getting into a club or cutting the taxi line, shady.  next thing you know i need to tip the guy who loads my luggage onto the conveyor belt at the airport.  fack.Anyways, the room hella sucked.  The tv in the room was a tube tv that was black and white and i had to hit every 5 minutes to get color for one minute.  the shower actually took a few minutes to get warm.  what the hell?  this is las vegas.  the shower head was horrible.  i just hated this place to save a few bucks.  stay away and stay on the strip.hit it hard my friends.
3	Spacious rooms and ours faced the strip, looking towards the Masquerade Tower.  Not kid-friendly, as there was no arcade section.  Standard buffet was pricey ($28pp), and the seafood buffet costs more ($40pp), but selections were vast.  Their website prices are not accurate.  Shuttle service to some of the neighboring casinos was a plus.  Drinks were high priced at the bars i.e., I-BAR, Voodoo Lounge, etc. ($20/drink) - typical Vegas style.  Get your happy hour drinks on all day at the buffet instead ($3/beer & well drinks).  I enjoyed walking to the Gold Coast casino next door & winning my money back on black jack.  No luck at Rio, as their black jack tables start at $25+ & take your money every time - no wins for sure.  Coupon books were a bonus & their rewards center was courteous.  Starbucks is not open 24/7 on weekdays.
3	Obviously the Rio has seen better days, but if you have some Total Rewards comps burning a hole in your pocket, have already checked out the Palms and some of the top spots on the strip, then by all means, give it a shot. Probably worth stopping by on the way to the Palms on a prior trip to make sure you don't mind the vibe.Know what you're getting: you can get an awesome suite here cheap, but you can also get a standard boring room here cheap :)
2	First off, I was disappointed by our room.  I paid for the upgrade to have a nicer room and the room was seriously decorated in the 80s and never updated.  The view was nice but there was a 20 inch tv on a dresser blocking the window.  The sports book and restaurants are the only reason for my 2 stars because those were great.  The worst part of the whole experience was that the lobby of the hotel has people staffed to try and sell you on going over to the Harrah hotel and watch a timeshare presentation.  We were approached by the same 70 year old lady like 6 times. Any time we left the hotel, she would say "excuse me, are you homeowners" or excuse me, are you married".  I was very polite to her because she didn't realize it was us over and over. It got very annoying though. We also had someone in the front hotel that was by lobby that kept asking us if we were interested in receiving free gift cards, dinners, shows, etc. ...all so we'd watch a timeshare presentation. we just wanted to relax, have fun and be left alone.  It was a very annoying experience :(
4	Stayed here since I was attending a trade show that was taking place at this location.When I travel for work I do not have too many requests - all I want is a clean room, good internet connection and close to the trade show I am attending. I will say the Rio met all of my expectations and it was cheap too. I ended up getting a suite for about $40 a night.One night the people next to me were being very loud around 11 pm so I did end up calling security. They came up and took care of this very fast. I do understand that people typically come to Vegas to party but  I really needed my sleep.I will say the hotel if off the strip so if you are coming for non-work trips you might want to stay someone on the strip so you do not have to pay for expensive cab rides.
4	Rooms are killer, room service coffee, full-on Starbucks, shuttles to the strip. Awesome (specially since the rooms were free) Get the Rewards card my friends. Pays off.
3	The best part of our stay was when the power went out and we got to tour the underbelly of the Rio as we walked down 10 flights of stairs and out the fire route, which is mostly through service corridors. The cockroaches and cigarette butts marked the path, like bread crumbs from a deranged Hansel and Gretel. We got the rooms for a bargain, something like 330 bucks total for four nights. The parking is free, and once you figure out which lot to park in, it's not a long walk. The place reeks of cigarette smoke, my eyes watered within minutes of entering the casino. The Show in the Sky is vulgar and not really good, more camp than sex. We never ate at any of the restaurants. The poker room is sad. But for 330 bucks for four nights, so what! Our room was comfortable, obviously old and beaten. Our room had a really weird smell, we never were able to figure out what it was. Sort of muskrat + pine deodorizer + musty air conditioning vent. The thermostat was broken, I figured this out the 3rd night, they fixed it, and we didn't have to wear 2 sets of clothes to bed to stay warm. It was clean, has a fridge, big TV, desk and fold out sofa, along with a king bed. The view was of a roof and the mountains. We had to ask for more towels, as we had no washcloths and only 2 bath towels, but that was given quickly. We made a run to Food 4 Less, which is just down the street at Flamingo and Decateur, and bought cups, snacks, drinks, beer. Since there is a fridge in the room, we had breakfast in the room in am, and then had snacks and cold drinks to take with us on day trips. I would only stay at the Rio if you have a car, and the car rental will be as much as taxi rides to other places, so you may as well do the car and have more mobility. I was designated driver, so my boozing was limited, that's the only downside. I'd stay here again if it's cheap. I wouldn't pay a lot of money to stay here, it isn't worth it. I can see it being good for kids, it has big rooms, although there isn't much to do for kids, and Circus Circus would be more fun for them.
2	If you're looking for a cheap, rather large place to stay and don't mind being off the Strip, the Rio is for you. They have a shuttle that comes every half hour that takes you to Paris/Bally's. Personally, I can't recommend this place.We got the deluxe suite. The first room we went to had a strong and odd smell of bad perfume and hamburgers, and even looked dirty and old. I don't know how that mix came about, but it did and I was not having it. We requested to change our room and ended up getting the run-around. Literally, a run around. We had to hop onto the other elevator since our second room was on the other half of the hotel. The guest services guy told us that our keys were automatically changed to work; they didn't. We ended up going back to the front desk to get those reprogrammed and headed back up to our room. The process took about twenty minutes, which wasn't much of our time but definitely added to the inconvenience and discomfort of our trip.The room we ended up staying in didn't look much better than the first but at least it didn't wreak of awkward smells, so I'll consider that an upgrade. The beds were definitely springy enough to support a jack-in-the-box for the rest of its existence and the bed pillows were actually square pillows. There was a tube TV, a yellowing-colored "safe" and a bathtub that had a window to the bedroom. What architect would come up with a brilliant idea like that? No idea. But of course, he/she thought that taking a dump in the restroom did not require much privacy.I can't say that my stay here was stellar, but life goes on. The best part of the experience was knowing that I would not come back again. It's not a bad place if you get the right hotel room for your requested price, but don't expect anything too fabulous like what the pictures offer.
4	Stayed here for 3 free nights on a strip view suite. Super comfortable beds and giant rooms with plenty of amenities. Casino is pretty good and the location off the strip was nice because the traffic was not too bad. Recommend staying here.
3	I had a couple of free nights here so I decided to take advantage of them. It was during Thanksgiving, so the registration line was a little long and I think it took us a good 20 minutes to get to the front desk. There were 2 separate reservations and they did everything they could so place our rooms near each other. We ended up just 2 rooms away and that made it really convenient. The rooms were a lot better than I expected. We stayed in the Masquerade Tower (the remodeled one) and they were both pretty big. There were large L-shaped couches and a very comfortable king bed. I really liked how the sinks were separate from the rest of the bathroom (toilet and shower). The walk from the main entrance to the room elevators was kind of far and gets old after a while. Obviously, after staying at places like the Venetian and Palazzo, this place gets 3 stars just based on other options in Vegas. As for the hotel, it is obviously off the strip and if you don't have a car, it can get pretty pricey if you keep taking a cab. There's a free shuttle to the Paris/Bally's hotel, but the hours are limited. I was happy to see a Starbucks downstairs and even more surprised to see that the prices of the drinks and pastries were not super-outrageous.
1	This was the first time I stayed at the Rio since the mid-90's. I sorta boycotted it after more than a few unpleasant experience's during that time. Well, let's face it, it's time to re-visit it again after 15 years. Check-in was easy. My room was in the newer tower. Walking in I remembered how large the room was with the king bed and large sofa. The bathroom had a sink and mirror area with a fridge before you entered the real bathroom with toilet and tub/shower. I was disappointed because I've been spoiled with all of the other hotels having a separate shower stall. The TV was not a flat screen which was surprising as well. Okay, I'm spoiled, but this is Vegas. At night, the constant dripping of the toilet became annoying, even after shutting the door totally, drip, drip, drip. Oh yes, I enjoying being woken up by neighbors in the next room who were talking, not yelling. Paper thin, ugh.Let me say this about the Rio, if you're interested in finding a hooker while you're in Vegas, worry no more. They're here and not so good looking either. My God, how many toothless woman asked me 'Where is your wife?" Obviously, security looks the other way. Actually, where was the security at this hotel? In all my years ( and I go back plenty) of staying in Vegas, I don't think I remember seeing a hotel without visible security in uniform until the Rio. Not a big worry in most casino's but damn, this crowd was scary. I mean "on probation" scary and your wallet is looking tempting to them.Then of course, that wonderfully dated Masquerade in the Sky show. Good gosh, put that clunker to bed. Alright, there was eye candy for all but still, do they have to sing?? Any let's not forget the surprise performers who pop on random pedestal's sing karaoke for about three minutes and screw. Do they really think people enjoy this crap?Oh yes, before I forget, how does the Rio not have a 24 coffee shop?? It's the staple of any Vegas hotel. I mean if I want breakfast when I get up at 1pm and am told there isn't any place here that serves breakfast anymore after 11am. WHAT??  I ended up having a burger at the All-American Grill which was good, but I wanted my eggs and greasy meats, dammit!Alright, so Iater I went to the gym/spa to workout and then get rid of the smoke out of my lungs in the steam and sauna. I must say, they had an adequate workout area, you know you make do with what they offer. The spa facilities had the obligatory steam, sauna and whirlpool area and to my surprise I enjoyed them all. What I didn't enjoy was the "attendant' who never left my side, upon my finishing my workout said "are you leaving?", no I'm just done working out. Later after showering after a hot steam, "are you leaving?" NO! Go find something to do, fold some towels or something. He was young and thinking he was doing a good job so I left him a tip regardless but someone should take him to another spa in town and let him observe and learn.Beside not having my room cleaned on my first night, the Rio has the tightest machines in town, the most relentless hookers, the awful free singing , and the dirtiest casino I've ever seen. Hello, could someone wipe these machines down once a day and maybe empty the overflowing ashtrays if that isn't a problem??In case your wondering, I won't be staying there again and vow never to set foot in that place again. HARRAH'S wake up and get this place in order!  You can do better, much better elsewhere.
1	Sal si puedes. From a business trip perspective, this place was major fail.I was here for a conference, related to internet commerce. Hey, guess what didn't work? Give up? 'K, I'll tell you.  Internet. The people at the check-in counter were happy to announce that the hotel had recently upgraded to wifi. Recently? This should have been done a long time ago, not last week. See my last review from two years ago, regarding no internet.If it wants to host conferences, the Rio needs to be able to support the conference's needs.  I was refunded the $14/day internet access fee, as were most other conference-goers who complained I'm sure, but it cost the guests much more than that. It cost them their business, as virtual meetings and skype calls, and even simple activities like checking email, could not be done. And for $200/night to stay there? No. There remain two redeeming features of the Rio.* Gaylord's Indian restaurant. Completely decent Indian food at completely decent prices, in a well-appointed space. Totally overlooked and underappreciated by most Rio guests as they surge  frantically towards the All-Murkin bar and grill.  And because so few people dine there, they don't have the staff to handle moderate traffic from the all-murkin bar and grill spillover at lunchtime. Poor guys. I say to them: Sal Si Puedes.* The second feature is the free shuttle, because it takes you *away* from the Rio. SAL SI PUEDES!
1	After having my worst experience with a hotel in Las Vegas, my only pleasure is to get to write this horrible review.I came here for a business trip for a conference in their conference center.  My bad experience started a couple months before my trip when I booked the rooms for my colleague and myself.  The hotel would not take a pre-authorized card.  This is something I do with EVERY hotel I stay at for business.  I do not get the company card for the actual trip so this is a must.  They let me know I can do a pre-payment.  Fine, done.On the day I arrive, I go to check-in.  It's was pretty easy and fast but as I give them my name, they tell me they need a card for incidentals.  Fine, this is normal.  I give my bank card and the lady then informs me she is going to take out 400 dollars!!  Excuse me? What for?  For incidentals I'm informed and because my bank card is not a "credit" card.   Again, this is something that has never happened to me at any other hotel in Vegas - or any I've gone on for business.  I argue that I'm not even going to be in my room and not going to order anything to the room or use the fridge.  She then lowers what she will take out to $200.  I'm still annoyed because even though I'm getting that credited back when I check out - it will take 3-5 business days to post to my bank account.  Strike two.The next morning I take a shower before the conference and it's luke warm.  I deal with it but pretty annoyed. I then pick up our packages for the show at the Business Center - the lady says to me "$10".  Excuse me? For what?  "For holding the package.  We charge by ounce"  How cheap are you Rio?  Looking to make a dollar off of me in ANY way?  What kind of service is this that you are providing for your guests?!  Especially since this conference is bringing you A LOT of money!  Strike 3Last day of the conference, I take a shower before my first morning meetings and the water is FREEZING!  Strike 4!!  Seriously what am I paying $160 a night for???!!Overall, this is my worst experience ever at a hotel in Vegas, and it's so far off the strip why would you even think of staying here??  160 dollars is definitely not worth it!  The place overwhelming smells like smoke, is horribly cheesy and loud, cold showers, mediocre rooms and so far off the strip.  You can find a MUCH better deal in Vegas.  Colleagues in the industry who also attended the conference stayed at Mandalay for $75 a night - much nicer than the Rio.DON'T STAY HERE!!!!!  Unless you want to waste $160 a night - plus where ever else they can get money from you!
2	went for new years 2010.  will never stay again.  room was a good size.  the phone in the room did not work.  the maids stole a few items from my wife's make up bag, and when we went to front desk to complain they sent us to security, when we went to security they told us we had to go to our room so they send someone.  what do we look like here, we're at home? we're on vacation i dont have time to wait in my room until the security guard i'm talking to downstairs comes upstairs to write down make up was stolen.  does my room look different then the 100s of other rooms.  Sooo ridiculous.  the only reason i gave it two stars is because of how cheap i got the room and the all american bar and grill was good.
2	How do they get away with calling this place an all suites hotel?  Just because you slap a sofa in a hotel room does not make it a suite.  The room had the most akward layout ever.  You could not watch TV from the sofa or the beds comfortably.  The old school tube TV was suck in a cabinet and while it did pull out, it did not swivel.  Had to move it by hand, and pray it wouldn't fall over.  Each bed had three pillows, all different but all had a plastic cover below the case.  Move around; crunch, crunch, crunch.  So annoying.       My room was so dirty, I've stayed at Motel 6's that were cleaner.  The carpet was coming up, the wallpaper was peeling off.  I saw candy left on the floor near the bed.  In the bathroom someone had wipped bloody boogers on the wall.  The mini bar had dust so thick on it, it  look like it had never been touched.  The best part though was a half-eaten pickle wrapped in a napkin sitting in the fridge.  It was the only thing in there, how could you miss that?  The sundries also sucked.  Two bar soaps, one lotion and one shampoo, that's all.  So don't expect too much from this place.  I won't be back to stay.
1	I didnt stay here, I was simply walking through to get to the buffet. So this is simply a review on the casino floor.  And what a sad, sad place this is.  I think the name of the hotel actually gives the country of Brazil a bad rap.The casino room floor appears old and the carpet in desperate need of some cleaning.  The "uniforms" of the waitresses serving you drinks were borderline stripper outfits.  I mean, I know it's Vegas and the definition of class is a bit fuzzy, but they could have done better.  The organization of the hotel itself was a complete joke, and don't believe anything the signs tell you....ask someone.  We spent a good 15 minutes trying to find the seafood buffet (which is supposed to be good), and all we needed to do was walk from one end of the hotel to the other.  The signs had us going around in circles.Based on this experience alone, I wouldn't be paid, let alone pay myself, to stay here.  I just felt all yucky walking around.The one thing I will give them, is that the valet cost is based on tip alone.  So it's up to you what you want to spend.  But they do take a while to bring your car too you.
1	I wouldn't stay here again, ever. I was in town for a technology conference and the Internet didn't work in the conference area or in the rooms. It was very spotty wireless and wired. The room decor  was very dated. But here's the worst: First morning my sinks back up while shaving. One sink backed up with my water and the other backed up simultaneously with a black smelly liquid. I also complained about the lack of seal at the bottom of the connecting door between my suite and the one next door. I could hear everything in that room like it was happening in mine. (Imagine that) I insisted on being moved to a new room. In the new room on my last morning... I hear a gurgling noise and then smell something foul. I walk into the bathroom to see black liquid coming up through the shower drain. I reported it on check out and they didn't seem to care. Any other hotel would have tried to make it right. Not these guy... Harrahs should be ashamed of this property.
4	This place is nice. We got a small suite for   3 of us. Nice sized, pull out couch, comfy bed. Got $.20 wings at the American bar anD grille downstairs. Casino has a little something for everyone (though low minimum roulette would be a nice addition). Oh yeah, and our stay was not pricey.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!! i just got back home but i had an awesome experience here at the RIO hotel and casino. The IBAR was a bit expensive but me and my friends just drank in the room prior to coming down to the bar so that saved us some money, but as far as atmosphere, it was great! very fun place and their mixed drinks are sooooo delish!
2	This place is OK.  I have a thing against it, since they once fired my partner because he missed "one meeting".  Yeah.  That is cool.  Anyway, the casino is compact and squished.  Ick.  Very dark, considering its supposed to mimic Rio.  The rooms though are very large -- and roomy.  Good Hotel.  Bad Casino.  Good location.  Bad Starbucks.
3	Attended a business conference. The meeting facilities are a pleasant place to hold a venue. The catering was very good, especially the desserts and the staff very nice. The hotel and casino itself feels dated and the low ceilings make it for a less pleasant feel than some of the other hotels on the strip. The suites are comfortable and a generous size. I also found them very quiet and slept well. The tv needs to be updated.
3	We were in Vegas for Kingston's Bachelor Party.  We checked in at 4:00 am and were in and on the floor within minutes.  The room eas much larger than the one we stayed in at Bally's and the foldout couch was great for the extra homies who came along on the trip.For $50.00 what can I really complain about.  Its not Bellagio or the Luxor but when we are running around gambling, eating and hitting the gentleman clubs, who really care about the thread count and filler of the pillows!!!The only negative thing I can say was the quality of the toilet paper... Its Vegas, please!!!
1	this review is not for the rooms/service.we came to this spot only because we were going to eatat village seafood buffet. the outside is very flashy & allbut its not cute. the inside wasnt as clean as other casinoswe walked into. the inside is flashy & cheesy. maybe thatsthe theme they were going for but iono. its not cute to me.the bar in the back next to the buffet had a cool bartenderbalancing beers on top of bottle openers on his forehead.but thats it. lol.
3	This place has seen much better days and could feel better with a new ventilations system (or kick that cigar store out?) I had a huge suite with a spectacular view.  the bed was great but the decor could use a little upgrading.  The much touted buffet was dull but the the seafood buffet was pretty good.  it's not on the strip but works out to be about the same distance from one end of the strip to the other so it didn't matter.  the shuttle service was fine,
4	I was quite impressed by Rio!  I headed to Vegas for an estrogen weekend to celebrate my birthday as well as 4 other ladies birthdays.  One of our friends hooked us up with a room for the 6 of us, complete with 2 queen beds, a couch, and a pull out bed to accomodate us all since she's a Diamond Club member.  *She's my diamond girl.* The room was quite impressive with ample room and more to accomodate our luggage, makeup, and food.The Village Buffet was really good.  I remember going there several years back and not being that impressed.  This time, no complaints but then again, we got seated in the special area for diamond members so we didn't have to wait.  Anna L. and I strategically planned how we were going to attack the buffet.  We went straight for the crab legs, got some fried scallops, and shrimp.   I went back 1 more time for more crab legs and salad (I felt guilty that I hadn't eaten any veggies/fruits the entire day).  The desserts were so-so but I definitely liked the banana fosters combined with the cheesecake, recommendations from Cola C.  Also, the "good luck" cookies and a slice of carrot cake with cream cheese frosting, compliments of being a diamond member were damn good.  Voodoo Lounge was suprisingly fun.  We tried to hit up a party at Aria to see Common but the line was not moving at all so we headed back to the Rio get our dance on.  51 floors up with no cover charge and an amazing view of the strip, plus the music was bumpin' so no complaints from me. Besides the buffet and club, I also got to check out the spa services and Voodoo Beach.  Voodoo Beach looks cool and I'm sure it would be even better during the summer but right now, the weather is a bit chilly.  I'm only knockin' off a star because the casino just seems so dang smoky.  I know it's Vegas but Rio, could you splurge on some better ventilation systems.  Also, it's just far from the strip so we had to drive everywhere.  I would have liked the convenience of being able to  walk along the strip and not having to depend on others to drive.
4	My wifey/roomie is a baller with the Rio and its affiliates so me and my Joy Luck Club Crew rolled through Diamond status stylez.... The suite was very nice, and I could say it is a notch below my current fave, Venetian in terms of room size and noise level. We were on the 18th floor though so that may make a difference. The casino is a bit smokey for my taste, but the ammenities and service were great. The buffet is pretty good, plus we got in quick with diamond status. Voodoo, the club upstairs was small, but the rooftop was tight!! Too bad there was a seriously cold wind frenzy that night, but we chilled anyways. People were mixed and chill compared to the upscale clubs on the strip. I would probably go here before the "hot spots" because unless you are top model status and like to wait around for a long as time to get denied, this will fulfill you dancing spirit's thirst!
4	I stayed here last October when I got married in Henderson.  When I'm in Vegas, I usually like to stay on the strip for convenience but for my wedding weekend, I wanted to stay off so I wouldn't have to deal with traffic running around doing last minute wedding stuff.  Anyway, the casino and hotel aren't glitzy and glam like The Palazzo or Wynn but it's still nice.  I love how huge the rooms are since they're all considered suites.  But they don't have upgrades like flat screen TVs.  I like that the self-parking lot is really close to the elevators that take you up to your room.  Sometimes I don't like to valet because it actually takes longer to get your car out (this is at all valets, not just Rio).  While on the topic of valets, the Rio valet guys are really, really nice, like noteworthy friendly.  Rio is also home to my family's favorite buffet, The Carnival World Buffet.  The parade in the sky show that they have above the casino every hour is fun too and I recommend anyone new to Vegas to check it out.  I also hit up the souvenir shops at the Rio for trinkets to bring home (magnets, shot glasses, mugs).  Rio also has the Sapphire pool which I believe is topless.  I've never been before but would be open to checking it out.I would definitely stay at the Rio again and I'd recommend it to anyone.
3	My first time in Vegas, and its for a conference (work related).  Conference area:The distance from my room to the conference room was at least a mile. I thought I was doing a half marathon. I was looking for people passing out Gatorade. I really didn't have to go to the gym my whole stay in Vegas. Be sure to bring gym shoes.The food that was available in the conference room was delicious. Breakfast was hearty, and lunch was basically dinner because the portions were so huge. There was a lot of choices so you weren't bored. Con for having good food was getting so sleepy after the meal, and trying to stay awake during the 2nd half of the conference.Casino:My stay at the Rio was on a weekday, so it wasn't packed. A variety of tables and slots to choose from. I  didn't gamble much at the Rio. I went to the strip for that. Free Shuttles to the casinos that are under the same company as the Rio was nice.The room was nice. I just wish they got rid of some outdated features. Had an old CRT TV, but who has time to watch tv while in vegas? No wifi in the rooms. Had to use an Ethernet cable. There was wireless in the conference area though.Overall, a good experience because it wasn't on my dime. =) Just the gambling.
4	Rio feels like a second home to me. I've been there 3 times since December. It does help that my sis is Diamond so the rooms are FREE FREE FREE. I love that they have two Starbucks in the hotel and they stay open almost 24 hours and there pastries are good. If you have had to much junk food all day the Starbucks has a nice fruit salad. I just wish the Starbucks had WIFI. Our suite was large enough for six ladies and our luggage. They brought a roll away bed for me and when I got in it I felt like I was in my own apartment. The buffet is great, the club is fab, and the pool looks good. The down fall is it is off the strip but hey its FREE!!!!!!!!!! I love the convenience store because they always have whatever stuff I have forgotten and they have beautiful masks to play with. I do wish they had a circ de soleil show here though.
2	This hotel is off the strip and I think all the fun of Vegas is in the heart of the strips so if you are not there then it sucks. It's hard to get around like you have to pay for taxi and everything so I would recommend staying at another hotel in the strip!
5	This place was awesome! I loved the Luxor hotel as well, and loved Caesar's Palace pools, but the Rio has so much to offer, exciting show's and bars such as Chippendale's which I heard is really good (for the ladies!), and yet while you are surrounded by all this excitement and an awesome poolside, at the same time it is quite relaxing. The rooms are modern and the shower is awesome as it includes a separate shower massage you may use if desired. Staying in Vegas I highly recommend the Rio, Luxor, or Caesar's Palace for their awesome pools. My next trip to Vegas I would definitely stay at the Rio again and also try Paris Hotel. But for an awesome experience try the Rio as it also offers the Voodoo Lounge on top of the hotel with an awesome view of Vegas and includes 3 floors of awesome music! Oh yeah, free shuttle to the main strip and back.
4	Nice rooms and huge casino. Pool is nice and same with the arcade for kids.  Great food.  I would recommend both the buffets, just be ready to wait in line unless you're platinum or above in they player's club.
4	I am giving it a four star cause of the room size, awesome concierge (ugh I forgot his name-Hubert???), and price. I was here for a convention so didn't really have time to play on the slot (not a gambler anyway). My stay was enjoyable.Pro:Voodoo Lounge- really good steak and clubbing scenecheap price for the gigantic clean roomMardi Gras partyChippendale and Penn & Teller showNice conciergeCon: Rio Carnival- food not so fresh or good for the priceThe breakfast restaurant-eh forgot the name but it is overprice
2	Rio made me sick!I have been heading to vegas now for well over a decade and have stayed at many properties, I will never set foot in the Rio again, I am a poker player and have considered the world series of poker, but now I think not!I realize that Las Vegas is the desert, but seriously lets throw some humidity in the air please, dry smokey stale nasty!  My room was dated, which is fine, but the air was even unbreathable in my room!  I literally would start to gag when I walked through the gaming floor!  Here I sit back in Chicago with a stuffed nose a sore throat and an overall disdain about me!Rio could offer me 2 weeks free stay in their best room and I would say NO!The sad part is, the staff was relatively nice and accommodating; all things considered...The poker room dealers and floor managers were great, clearly the company shifts their dealers from property to property, I recognize most of the dealers from Caesar's Palace.  Even the action in the poker room was fun and exciting, but all that goes out the window when you can't breathe... (guessing they rotate because no one wants to be stuck in that nasty air every day)My coworkers experienced the exact same thing so I know it was not just me, One of my coworkers woke up with bleeding noses and feeling hung over when he was not even drinking or smoking...Having stayed at dozens of properties in Las Vegas this is not the norm, far from it in fact!  At the top of my List is the Renaissance Las Vegas (non-gaming property), but also have enjoyed Caesars, Bellagio, The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay, here is the kicker even the Imperial Palace which last I stayed (2 years ago) was super out dated, still manages a cleaner more humidified breathing environment!I was so devastated by the air quality I couldn't even complain because I knew whatever they would offer me would be in that hotel and every minute I spent in that environment would have just made me that much sicker!(I gave it 2 stars not 1 because of the service and great poker room staff) Im thinking if you are a heavy smoker, then this may not bother you, but even if you smoke, that does not compensate for the exceptionally dry air....
5	"We'll upgrade you to the suite"Wait what? why? I had no idea, but we only paid $150 for this upgraded suite. best deal in vegas! we better not get charged for it.Whoa, there's a kitchenettewhoa there's an L shaped couchwhoa there's another huge bedroom!whoa that's 2 LCD tvs AND one TV in the bathroom!whoa there's 2 bathroomswhoa there's a jacuzzi with seperate showerwhoa there's adjustable lightingwhoa there's even toothbrushO M G the panoramic view of vegas! Although of the side of the stripe and desert but it's panoramic! We paid $150 for all this? I really wish we stayed here on Saturday instead of Friday!!!The hotel itself is alright, parked at the masquerade, big mistake, my bf did not enjoy being greeted by naked guys and it's about a mile walk to the lobby. So second time round, parked in the Carnival parking lot. a much closer walk.Check in took like an hour. omg. but with the free upgrade, no complaints here!The casino in itself doesn't look grand or friendly. The carnival buffet is only a one-time experience (I wrote a review for that last year) The voo doo lounge does give one of the best views in Vegas. but the crowd was not appealing to me. Tip: Park in carnival NOT masquerade if you're staying in the hotel. or eating at the carnival. Exit flamingo rd. on the 10eFavourites: panoramic view of vegas! Free upgrade! jacuzzi! omgomgomg! all for $150!Do not want: hm, the hotel itself isn't too appealingLast words: Best deal in vegas!
4	Ok. So, I'm in Las Vegas for this extended Memorial weekend and I hear about an all-you-can-eat seafood place at the Rio.  So, I decided to try it.  Love the all-you-can-eat (a bit pricey...but, just what I would expected here in Vegas), but loved the pistachio gelato even more!  ..Turns out we can't buy the gelato anywhere (Damn!) - as they make it here, special, everyday.  (Damn! Damn!) ....Oh, well.  I know where to come back to next time for my fix of pistachio gelato!  :-) It's Ummm, ummm good! :-) ...And, the all-you-can-eat seafood wasn't that bad either!  :-)
3	Before I begin my review. My biggest regret is parking on the Chippendale side. Seeing half naked men was funny at first, but after staying 3 nights it was just disgusting. A lot of women are gonna laugh at me for this, but keep your fantasy's to yourself. I'm sure those posters are looking at me and only about 10% or less are looking at women :P. I'm not hating I know and respect Vegas, but I don't want see it when heading to my room its not very classy or tasteful.Now that I have got that cheap feeling out of system and took a shower, time to REVIEW! Overall this hotel packs a lot of bang for your buck! It is not as fancy, new, luxuries as some of the multi-billion dollar resorts on the strip. If you are a bargain shopper and want a decent stay this place is definitely for you. I stayed 3 nights during the week for about $80 or $90. It wasn't too busy at all. I received a handful of coupons for buffets and various hotels. Rio is part of Total Rewards connect to about 7 hotels like Paris, Ceasers, Bally's to name a few. I didn't have a chance to try out the clubs, but the coupons last until the end of the year, so next time I can get my party on. No worries, you can still be a pimp with coupons just do a secret hand shake with the coupon and your girl will be impressed. The room is definitely a roomy! The standard room came with a king or queen bed with a L couch, mini refrigerator, desk, and safe. Think of Venetian or other suite minus the luxury, but still having the size and amenities. The bathroom had tile and there is a make up chair and mirror outside of the bathroom. Perfectly designed for women ready to get their freak on later that night. One odd thing I noticed was a small window facing out of the bathroom that blended in with the bedroom mirror. If you look closely its not double sided and you can see in to the shower. At first I thought this was both kinky and perverted. Good thing I wasn't sharing the room with a large group of people. Later that evening, it made sense... I was getting ready for dinner and a looked out the window from the inside the bathroom. It turns out, I could still watch a movie from the window, because its the perfect angle to see the room. Or you can view to strip if you have your window blinds open. The view is awesome! I think that's what the Rio is know for. Great view of the strip. The room is so big I could easily play soccer or workout there. I noticed you can get some free workout videos on-demand. If you are on the bed and your friend is on the couch you may want to call her cell phone because there is a very large empty space. Maybe you can fill it with sleeping bags and college friends. Cons: The hotel is a bit old and dusty at times. The central A/C helps with the air circulation. The TV is like a 25 or 30 inch standard old school TV. No LCD, flat screen, or HDTV... sad. You should not be there to watch TV. Limited TV line up with no TBS, TNT, or HBO to watch movies. Most hotels do provide a good line up of channels and at least MTV, so you can get your groove on when they aren't showing crappy reality TV shows. You have to actually swivel the TV toward the couch or bed for optimum viewing. Chippendale posters BOOOOO! PROS: Buffets! Carnival World Buffet was voted THE BEST by Vegas locals. The Village Seafood Buffet is excellent, much better than normal buffet varieties. For more on both, see my other reviews.
1	i had a driver's license that was expired....does that mean i'm NOT 21 anymore??? the stupid guy named jose who sounds like a french dude said i can't drink there at the pool...OMG, then i left without a hassle and he chased me and my 3 friends down and called the security...don't know why.. LOL, he was just an underpaid guy who was upset with something that day...i don't know. whatevers.. i mean, i can't imagine why they wouldn't want to sell me an $8.00 beer and profit, ya know?? haha, unbelievable.. The RIO is great to be honest with you, just be aware of the french accent "jose" at the rio's pool bar :)
2	I hate to do this to you Rio, I really do. But our relationship has been souring for years now and I think it is time you knew how I really feel. Your rooms are lovely at first glance, but there are problems when we look deeper. There was a broken towel bar in our master bath. We had to call maitenance to fix the ac (just like we did last year in the same room). My pillows were constantly stabbing my face with their errant feathers. And please don't get me going on the lack of internet. I have stayed in a lot of hotels and never have I experienced such spotty internet service. The restaurants are a-ok, but you took away my favorite mexican, replaced with a dud BBQ and bow that has closed. This and the former Italian place both remain empty. The shops are crappy. I won't hold it against you that you only have Pepsi and no Coke, but even the snacks suck, and there is no real shopping to speak of. It would be nice to get a couple cute things, or some good souveniers, but even this is impossible. I will say I like the pool. Chairs are nice, snackbar food is good and there are actually pools at different temps for your preferrence. Service is good pretty much everywhere in the casino, but I think this is really a Vegas thing that continues everywhere. But special props to Patricia who cleaned our room almost everyday for many weeks and knew us all by name. She was really sweet. All I can say Rio is that you are lucky that you host the WSOP.
3	Saw a concert at the pool and had a great time. The drinks were reasonably priced - sort of. I didn't leave with an angry feeling after drinking, so that helps.During the day, there were a ton of girls walking around in heels. Some were very scantily clad - read: thongs, tops barely covering their nipples. I don't know if they're paid to be there or they're just there... but... they're there! Look at all of the potential grammar fuck ups in that last sentence. I nailed it!A pool is a pool is a pool... to a point. The other hotels on the strip (MGM, Caesars, Encore, etc...) all have MUCH nicer, bigger pools, but if you're at the Rio, there's nothing wrong with this one.
3	We took our 2-year old to the beach pool at Rio today (same as we did last week) only today, we decided to have lunch pool side instead of in one of the casino's restaurants.They had a nice assortment of hot and cold sandwiches, wraps, and such as well as California rolls, salads and chicken fingers. I had a $9 hot dog and my boyfriend had a $10  chicken burger  ($9 + $1 for cheese).  We made it a meal for $5 (add seasoned fries and a fountain drink).  The food was hot and fresh; I saw the lady grill our food to order.  Boyfriend thought that the cranberry-wheat roll they served his "Chicken Burger" on kind of threw it off.  Had I read the menu carefully I would have asked for a plain hamburger bun.The only downside was that they didn't have any sweetener (sugar or sugar substitute) for their unsweetened iced tea, but the Chef tournant offered to fetch some from the casino if I really needed it... I said it was "ok" and just added some lemonade. No problemo.OH, it was absurdly breezy today, too.  I was trying to carry a tray with 2 plates that were too big for the tray and a drink.  I lost a couple of ketchup packets and almost had my whole meal blown onto me but made it back to the pool A-OK.I also ordered a 32-oz Miami Vice (half strawberry daiquiri, half pina colada, both ready mixed and poured from an adult slurpee machine).  I was a little confused because when I read the menu last week it said $12 for  16-oz and $16 for 32-oz but the bartender charged me $24. Oh well, I just left a smaller tip... not like he actually had to blend the things from scratch.POOLS:There were 3 pools open both times we visited (a fourth pool near the back was roped off both times).  Our daughter's favorite pool is the sand pool... she actually just likes the sand part.  Around 4 PM the sun hides behind the hotel and the sand bar gets shady and cool real quick.  This pool gets 3-stars.We decided to move further back and check out the other 2 pools.  I tried taking her to the one in the dead center of the pool area but decided to get out when I saw a couple having sex near the lifeguard station. YUCK. This one gets a negative 1 star.So we went to the 3rd pool which has a waterfall feature that was turned off (I'm guessing) due to the huge gusts of wind.  That was alright except for the A-holes that decided to play catch and take over the majority of the pool.  I'd give this pool a 2 star.Bottom Line:We'll probably be back again...most likely to play in the sand.  The pool food was actually pretty good and the prices were reasonable compared to other Vegas pools.  The Miami Vice was fun the first time I came.  The vodka red bulls were WEAK.  We may not go into the 2nd pool ever again. 3rd pool...maybe.  Depends on what time we get there and how dark we want to get.  They don't really check for room keys, but they will check you for outside food and drink.
5	WOOHOO!!! RIO!!! I love this place. You don't need Dubai or make a city the center of Las Vegas, you just need to make customers happy.I am here, right now, for a Video Poker Tournament and MMA XPlosion Fight Event. My friends will arrive early Saturday morning and I think I am going to enjoy this hotel room to myself. Since I am in the tournament, I am staying and got a $50 for free. I got a nice view of the Pool Area and the freeway and strip. The only problem I have is the Ice Machine. The Ice Machine is broken. Its hot outside and NO ICE. I will have to knock off a star. I am on the Impanema Tower. Not sure what the other tower is called, but that's the building you see from the freeway. I am resting comfortably. Its a big suite, but I don't know what a classification of a sweet is these days.Umm, I checked in about 11am and I was surprised they let me in early. Some hotels you have to wait until 4pm. So, I will add back the star for a PERFECT 5 STAR. You made me not wait in the heat. Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!Small Update (07-18-10): They fixed the Ice Machine...lol..It should be 6 Stars Now...lol..
4	Luckly everything was booked my Dad's boss.We got a presidential suite with 2 other families. 3 bedrooms and 1 huge livingroom.Clean and it gives you great deals like free concert tickets.We got couple concert tickets to see Bi-Rain(Korean Pop Star).Steam room in the shower was pretty cool.
1	Our non-smoking room smelled like stale cigarettes, the decor went out of style when Clinton entered the White House, and the location was inconvenient.
1	She's like an aging beauty queen.  30 years ago she might have been the hottest thing in down town, but now she's run down, haggard, and perpetually reeks of smoke.  Even by Vegas standards, this place takes Cheesy to a new level.
2	I just spent 5 days in Las Vegas and it was a little too long. Here's the positive feedback I have for Rio:-The liquor store near the front desk actually doesn't rob you that bad ($2.50 a 12oz can of beer)-The rooms are spacious and there are two sinks!-The cleaning staff was extremely sweet and hardworking-Tim at McFadden's and the rest of McFadden people were super awesome and fast at taking care of hundreds of peopleHere's the constructive feedback I have in regards to my experience at Rio:-More diversity in the three restaurants (maybe there are more, but I didn't think they were well advertised. -Totally away from the strip-No shuttle from the airport! (well, there's one that costs $7)-The Gym costs money!-No real Happy HoursProbably wouldn't stay there again.
2	Thank god the rooms (regular ones might i add) were nice, pretty spacious and most of all CLEAN otherwise this would've been a 1 star rating.Moving on, The things that made this review a 2 star include hookers (we actually saw hookers getting arrested), Also a hooker at our starbucks meeting a hotel guest by the Inpamena tower elevators!  So this place was infested with hookers and very shady looking people.  We ignored the hookers, but couldn't escape the late check in! HORRIBLE!  We showed up pretty early at 1pm.  They gave us a paper saying to call back and check if our room was available.  We called around 3pm and no success.  4pm we try again and were told to wait until 6pm because they are backed up.  Seriously? what hotel does that?  We ended up settling in our rooms around 630.  Wasted our first day in vegas!Location? Well....it didn't even feel like we were in vegas.  Sure we had a car, but how inconvienient is that to always drive around, where as hotels on the strip you can walk around whenever you feel like it.  Rio buffet was a bright spot however.  Not sure if its the "best in vegas" but it was better than average.  Room service...I tried ordering $16.50 chicken strips, NO FRIES, and was told it would take an hour and fifteen minutes.....at 1am. On a tuesday!  okaaay...canceled that really fast.
3	Checked-in on a Monday night, checked-out on Wednesday afternoon. Came from the most frightening hellhole of a hotel called Tropicana. Paid $55 a night!Not the most amazing of hotels or casinos, I will say that. You'll find flashier, newer, and more dazzling on the strip, of course. But our room was clean and a welcome respite after the shock of the Tropicana, which I suppose wasn't saying much, so I'll say this: it's a normal, nice-but-not-luxurious hotel room. Decor was fairly modern, if simple. We had some difficulties with the front desk: key cards kept screwing up, and the front desk line is always like forever-and-a-day long. But they always brought towels up when we asked (we asked a few times!), and room service was prompt. I did have a run-in with one of the valets, when I needed to catch my friends who I had JUST let out of my car. They were headed up to the room and I was going to go park, but had given them the wrong key. I moved my car out of the main overhang area, jumped out, and the valet started shouting bloody-murder about how he needed my keys. I ran inside anyway, gave the room key to my friends, and when I returned to my car about 1.5 mins later, the valet was still standing in front of my car, giving me the evil eye. He then asked "What my problem was." I told him to go park a car or something and left. It was just weird and overbearing. I suppose he deals with Vegas d'bags all the time, but it's not like I left my car there for an hour and a half, right? And considering that I saw the same cache of cars sitting in that area the entire three days I was there, I didn't think it was that big of a deal to jump out for a minute and a half. So, if you're looking for a value, I'd say this is a "You get what you pay for, and a little more" scenario. You won't regret your choice, but you're not staying at the Bellagio.
3	The Rio is an off strip hotel with spacious inexpensive rooms, fantastic in-house restaurants, and a free shuttle to the strip.   You get a great deal for your money and the strip is easily accessible.  Unfortunately the shuttle does not accommodate the disabled and you would have to pay for a taxi if you chose to leave the Rio however, there are plenty of modified taxis...they're just not free.My only gripe with Rio was that I had specifically requested a wheelchair accessible room since my disabled mother was traveling with me.  Despite having the receipt in hand confirming the request we were placed in a regular room.  When they moved us they put us in a room with a single bed that I had to share with my mother.  Also, the gym is not free!  I knew I'd be 'power eating' and was hoping to burn off some of those extra calories but was completely disappointed to discovered a single gym visit was $20!The Rio does have fantastic food.  The buffet is epic so arrive with an appetite.  There is also an Indian restaurant which you absolutely MUST GO TO!  It is the best Indian food I have ever had in my life.  The prices are reasonable, the food is AMAZING, and service is superb.  TIP: Tell them its your birthday or anniversary and they'll give you a nicer room or even a free ticket to a show.
3	Lets start from the beginning: self parking was easy enough to find and park. we parked in the masquerade tower parking structure which is located right by chippendales. you have to look at the giant posters of half naked men everytime you walk in and out! lolcheck in was a breeze! diamond and platinum check in was super fast, but the registration desk is pretty far from the MT parking. you have to almost walk to the other side of the hotel through the casino just to get there. got to the room..27th floor regular suite. very spacious! only bad part was the bathroom. the shower SUCKED! it was dirty and the water was spraying everywhere else but on me! also no vent in the shower..which didnt really bother me much, but the boyfriend didnt like that. there is also a window in the wall where you can see into the bathroom from the bedroom! its kinda weird..but whatever. there was only 2 of us. if youre staying with a big group and dont want anyone looking into the shower while you're in it, i would recommend getting a place somewhere else. lol. also another bad thing: after clubbing and gambling all night long, all we want to do at 5 in the morning is go to our room and sleep. but no...they wouldnt let us up because they were having elevator problems and they said people were stuck! there were all kinds of people there like security guards, hotel management, and firefighters keeping us from going up. then when there was a big enough group of people wanting to go up, they decide to take us through the back way into a service elevator which would be able to take us up. WRONG! we filed into the elevator, about 10-15 of us, doors closed, and up we go. or not! we got stuck in the elevator for a good 15-20 mins! i swear i was going to suffocate or pass out! it was soo stuffy in there, this group of drunkards eating spicy chicken wings wouldnt shut up and the fumes of their wings were going everywhere and making everything THAT much more hotter! the drunk girls are telling the security guard to open the door. umm..im pretty sure he would if he could. anyways, some of the guys finally were able to pull the doors open! Thank God! anyways, overall this hotel was just OK. didnt come here looking for the glitz and glam of hotels on the stip. just wanted a decent place to stay. besides the bathroom, the rooms were ok and the hotel itself wasnt too bad. the pools were ok too. go here if you dont have much expectations and you dont want to spend a lot of money!
1	You live and you learn from your mistakes. This place surely was a mistake! At first when I checked in (room 1617), the front desk person (Brian) was really nice and gave me some free VIP passes to the Voodoo lounge and etc. He put us in a suite that overlooked the swimming pool. We got to our room noticed it was pretty nice for the price we paid 325 for three nights is pretty cheap. The location is a bit off the strip which kind of sucked but the shuttle was sorta helpful but sucked if you were the group that couldnt make it on the shuttle and had to wait another 15-30mins. The pool is pretty murky which was kind of gross! We only went one day after our first visit. They seriously need to clean up the pool hahaha! Some of the food there is pretty good too like the chinese places Mah Jong.Now here was the problem. Called in earlier in the evening about our bathroom having this foul sewer smell. Waited about an hour and a half, no one came. Called back then finally a facility worker came. By the time he came the smell sorta went away, so he said it was no problem. We left for the strip, came back after 4 hours and the foul smell was there again. We finally realized that when people around our room was using their water it made our room sooooo bad! Anyways called again late at night and a guy came into our room around 3am. We were already told that we would get a new room. Oh I also forgot to mention the dead bolt on our door would not shut unless you wiggled the handle from the inside so when you left your room the door would not close. So the facility worker tried to fix the door which didnt help at all since he opened it and cleared out all our keys, tried to put some kind of cleaning solution down our drains which only masked the smell. At this time my gf was annoyed that there was this guy in our room at like 4am still trying to fix this when she just wanted him to leave. Instead security was called cause he thought she was being rowdy. The front desk manager was not apologetic at all to her, was pretty damn rude. They never called us in the morning to switch rooms, I actually had to call and tell them to move us. Never really got a sorry from them. I think we should of got comped a night for all that drama. We were moved to room 1477 which had no problems but no view, but we really didnt care anymore.The customer service sucks at the Rio. Oh yeah not to mention when we were leaving our 1617 room the cleaning lady is even said I dont know why they gave you guys that room since its out of order? WTH is that!
1	"well.. shit happens.." - what the manager told me when I confronted him with the multiple problems with the room...Lets start off with the rooms. Came here with a group of friends. In total we had 3 rooms. 2 out of the 3 rooms had to be changed because of this foul smell coming from the pipes in the bathroom. (every sink, shower, toilet smelled of sewage.. every time the water would run a FOUL smell would fill the entire room)..Also, the doors on all three of the rooms did not lock properly. The deadbolt would stick making it seem like the door was shut but you can easily turn the handle to get back into your room without a key. We called front desk to sent up a worker to look at the bathroom about a couple of hours after we checked in. The worker walks up.. stands in the bathroom and says "it doesn't smell that bad.." and looks at us.. when we looked back at him like 'uhhh yes it does..' he then replies "well they are cleaning out the pipes 2 floors down and that is where the smell is coming from.." n he walks out.. NEVER even checking the sinks..We leave and come back a couple of hours later to realized that our whole room smelled of rotten sewage. The smell is like an uncleaned fish tank.. its this awful, stale water smell.. we called front desk again and they finally sent someone up a hour later. by this time im pissed... the worker finally strolls in, we tell him about our door not working, the sinks how they gurgle and then give off a foul odor and what does he do? he pours an all organic natural drain-o in the sinks and then says "oh problem solved" then tinkers with the drain stopper, then goes to the door.. takes off the door handle and i kid u not, stands there opening and slamming the door for about 10 minutes. I SWEAR TO GOD, it was the most annoying sound in the world plus our room still smelled. By this time its 430AM.. We called the front desk at 1am. It has been over 3 hours since we called and then having a guy stand in our room thinking about what to do..I was PISSED BUT I CALMLY told the guy that if he can't fix the problem then its ok.. its not his fault and that the front desk said they'll move us in the morning cause its 430am and hes still slamming the god dam door shut.So while he was slamming the door, he deactivated our keys and DIDN'T TELL US. long story short, i went downstairs to meet up with some friends and realized iw as lokced out of my room at 5am.. fucking wonderful right? i go to the front desk to ask to speak to the manager. some asshole guy comes up to me (the mananger) and starts talking to me like I'm stupid. Saying shit like he doesn't owe me an apology cause of things I find wrong with the hotel, He kept saying shit like "well, who do u think u are? and why should I care about what u think about my hotel?" and its like WHAT THE F*CK are u serious?! he goes on and says "i don't owe u anything.." (I said well at least u can do is apologize).. he said "ill reprogram the keys for u.." and I get super mad and I just walk away..I get up to my room.. to my surprise (NOT) the rooom keys STILL DONT WORK. By this time I'm super pissed at all of rio, the manager (antonio who works at night time), the maintence worker who was slamming my door shut for over 10 minutes and took an hour to get to my room,... for me still being locked out of my room..ALSO to make things worst.. when i was talking to the worker in my room and trying to get him to leave so I can sleep, he called security on me (I was standing RIGHT THERE WHEN HE DID).. I was confronted by security asking if everything was ok. then the head of security apologized to me for the miscommunication (I WAS SOBER.. not freaking belligerent like the worker said I was)...Front desk also, called me a liar to my face and said that securty was never called..IF THEY WERE NEVER CALLED WHY DID THEY APOLOGIZE FOR CONFRONTING ME? all in all.. the only people who i give any credit too at this hotel are the security people. they do their jobs, when they were called they came super fast, they had the balls to apologize to me and I appreciate that. I do not appreciate how the manager treated me, how he talked to me and even after he treated me with such disrespect couldn't even fix the problem and atleast get us into the room.at 630am.. a bell hop delivered the keys to my room. I finally went to sleep at 7am.. now u think with the time frame that this would sound like an amazing drunken night.. but no. horrible.. but it could of been a little easier if I was drunk.. next time I'll just bring a bottle with me so when I get locked out and talked down too by the hotel, I can at least be drunk and laughing..oh wait im sorry, I forgot.. I'll never lay a foot in rio ever agian. I hope that this never happens to anyone ever. I felt so sick about how this guy was treating me. It was purely disrespectful, ignorant and downright rude and borderline sexist.
2	I've always wanted to stay here because I love the seafood buffet, and the parade in the sky. My wife booked us here for my birthday. When we arrived, there was only about 4 people in front of us checking in. Check in was nice and I was handed a stack of beads since it was my birthday. The room was big, in some ways it seemed too big. The trek in the middle of the night form the bed to the bathroom took a while. The room has ceiling to floor windows. We stayed on the 26th floor, and had a view of the strip. You could see from Caesar's all they way past Mandalay Bay. The bathroom had a shower/tub, toilet, and sink. Right outside the bathroom was a changing area with another sink, closet, safe, some drawers, and a mini fridge.The television was old school, and the picture was rather crappy. But I guess it's safe to say that I didn't travel to Vegas to watch TV. The mini bar was under the TV, but I didn't really pay much attention to it.The casino wasn't all that impressive. It wasn't very fancy and it wasn't very large either.We tried two of the buffets here, and I will review them in my "cons" section. So onto the breakdown.PROS:Very large room.Friendly staff (that I encountered).CONS:Pool was overly crowded and the water was nasty looking.Raw sewage smell in the casino near all the shops.Carnival Buffet line was WAYYYYYY SLOW, and the food was mediocre.Village Seafood Buffet-food quality was sub-par(compared to my previous visits). See my review of that.The hotel needs some cosmetic attention, and the room decor was dated.The Parade in the sky only runs Thursday-Sunday. I stayed there Monday-Thursday morning.This last little blurb is on all hotels, not just the RIO. I hate those damn time share people.
4	This was my first time staying at the Rio. I have had dinner at the Voodoo Lounge and actually partied there a couple of times but never had the pleasure of staying here. The check in was painless, there was a couple of people ahead of us and took about 10 mins but nothing outrageous. The person helping us was polite and gave us a quick run down of the casino. The elevators to the rooms are located close tot he main entrance so you don't have to walk a great distance like some casinos. They have a good array of restaurants to eat at, it isn't too far from the strip. The room's are spacious (though they have my king bed available and had to settle for a double queen). Parking when we first arrive was a little hectic, but we did arrive at 8 pm Friday night. Overall, i would stay here again.
3	The hotel kinda smells like my ex bf butt. He was a really good looking guy but a super player. I do know my players now for sure but this hotel for some reason reminds me of players, maybe because ot that butt smell. Could be funky knickers smell too. I cant figure it out.Anyways. McFaddens is supergreat! (see my review) the pool is pretty ok. I have seen worse. like my ex bf for example. That would make me a single chick on the prowl, but I dont seem to be able to hook up with someone hot at the pool there. Maybe because its like walruss island or grand central for not so fit guys. I am ok with guys with a little chunkers in the trunkers and above, but if dudes belly extends to Canada and is all hairy... not so hot. Please dudes! :)  good looking girls though for the most part!
4	We decided to stay in the Rio for a change of pace. We are in Vegas at least four times per year and like to try different hotels each time if possible. The Rio is a very nice hotel, well maintained but not the best or worst of Vegas. The value for money is outstanding.The rooms are very large suites with excellent bathrooms. The showers have a glass window looking into the bedroom which is either sexy or disconcerting depending on your perspective (the latter for me). The bed was comfortable, the water pressure excellent, the view okay (over the suburbs of Vegas), service very good. In-room internet access was about the same as most Vegas hotels - $12 for 24 hours or something close. The rooms were a little noisy, we could hear people in the halls almost all the time but there is no street noise.The hotel doesn't have the best restaurants in the city but the seafood buffet is good despite being pricey. RUB BBQ restaurant was awful.If you are planning on being at a convention at the Rio this hotel is a perfect choice. If you're doing the tourist thing the distance from the strip may be annoying. It isn't a comfortable walking distance as the hotel is on the opposite side of the freeway. Cab fare is about $10 - $11 to get to the closer end of the strip (Treasure Island, Venetian, Wynn, Mirage, Paris hotels).All in all, pretty good but not my favorite. With all the other choices available I probably wont stay at the Rio again unless we're attending a convention there.    * Liked -- The rooms are large and pleasant, service is good. Excellent business services center in the hotel.    * Disliked -- Distance from the strip was inconvenient.
2	Our Las Vegas trip was planned to be a food trip. With that said, we knew that had to see/try the "largest buffet on the strip" - Carnival World Buffet at the Rio. Giving it 2 stars is a bit harsh I know... but truth hurts as they say. Honestly, I've been to a Golden Coral in Virginia Beach, VA that serves waaaaaaaay better food. I came here for the crab legs. I mean, who doesn't want all you can eat crab legs, right? To say the least, the crab legs were tiny and dried out for being in the counter for too long. Nothing special caught my eye. Even the tacos were horrible. The best part for me was dessert. I mean, how do you really mess up ice cream? The price was fair I guess for a "good" buffet.I'm reading all these positive feedbacks and I can't help but be jealous. Definitely not the same when we were there last March. I guess it's a hit or miss? Enter at your own risk, perhaps?
4	Mardi gra in the desert.  Purple and gold everywhere.  Nightly show where they actually have dancers shuttling on a float via ceiling throwing beads to fans below.  Mcfaddens, where drunken girls strip for free drinks, and have nearly naked hola hoop contest.  And no they dont work there.  Chippendales, and many other sources of entertainment for your do not ask dont tell vacation.The Buffet is lovely, if you like Buffets.  Its just a good time, and if you get bored u can always shuttle down to the strip.
4	When I think of best bang for the buck Casinos in Vegas I think of the Rio. The amount of room you get for the price is amazing. The staff is friendly and helpful. The food inside the casino is good. Plenty of bars and the Voodoo lounge is pretty awesome. Overall the place is the best for the money. Only thing that others have mentioned is the location. It's a little far off from the strip and a Cab can be anywhere from $10-$15 depending on how traffic is. Only thing that I hated was the Valet people were rude to me on several occasions.
3	so we just got home from a 8 night vaction in vegas and we stayed at the Rio. the rooms are very spacious and the house keepers are always cleaning them. only problem we really had was that they didnt give us a 'privacy please' door knocker so the maids were knocking at our door every morning at 7am most of the time we never answered them.we always had the lashes on so they couldnt get in anyways. second the fridge kept freezeing our milk wtf man! milk there for half gallon is super expensive. so we didnt get to have breakfast the intire week we were there. I wasnt going to pay $15 a day for breakfast or bother with a buffet. And last we were on the 6th floor and the Voodoo Lounge is on the 50-51st floor and up until 2 am *when we were in our room* we could hear the music loud and clear. Kinda annoying when we had to get up early the next day for a planned activities and to catch a flight back home. Over all though, the Rio is a good place to stay its has a lot things to do in it. the pool was nice but it would be nicer if it went more then 4 ft! We never made it to the 21 and up pool but im sure it goes more then 4 ft.
5	3:35 pm-  First in line to buffet that opens at 4 pm. 3:37 pm-  Manager lets us walk around to take pictures of seafood and game plan our food consumption3:47 pm- Back in line.3:48 pm- Dinner mate turns to rest of group and says, "So I'm gonna need about 2 hours MINIMUM eating here.  I wanna get my money's worth and the seafood looks LEGIT!"  (Insert looks of disbelieve on the rest of the group's faces )3:49-3:58 pm- wait in line and take touristy pictures with each other and buffet sign3:59- pay for meals4:00- sprint to buffet, double fisting two plays, we load up on crab legs, oysters, shrimp and crawfish.  Protein meals for 2 dining mates, no need for carbs at this seafood happy joint!!!5:00- one dining mate completes meal5:30- two additional dining mates bites the dust5:31- heroic and final dining mate who made 2 hour minimum comment earlier still eating. "You guys don't mind if I still eat right?"  Group in unision "Nope!  Go ahead"5:45- he's still eating5:55- Makes an announcement that he's "getting there" and went up for "last round"6:10- still room to spare, makes the final round6:30- leave buffetNo joke, you will need a minimum of 2 hours at this place!  Come with tried and true seafood lovers, just make sure to fast before you come! Best part of the buffet is that their crab legs come in both chilled AND steamed.  Such a plus, esp when we had been disappointed with other buffets and their tasteless, cold clawsAs for the hotel, peruse the shops and the casino area after to walk off all that food.  It's a great entertainment venue as the bartenders have flare shows (acrobatic bottle tossing) and there is a "Show in the Sky" with dancers strutting their stuff on a mobile platform above.  Hotel- 5 starsBuffet- 10 stars
4	Mary C., Cecilia C. and I drove out to Vegas with a mission to have a relaxing girls- only weekend. I never stayed at Rio, or off the strip for that matter, but Rio was offering a comp, so we took it! First of all, the room is big! I loved it! It wasn't fancy mind you, think Mandalay Bay minus the giant tub. It did have an L shaped couch, so you can squeeze a lot of people in there if you wanted to. There was a small fridge and pantry space too. We would have appreciated a microwave...We woke up close to noon on Saturday, which made us feel like the pool would be out of the question (this is July). We decided to give it a shot anyway and headed for the pool. We saw that all the chairs were taken, children in diapers running around us and screaming teenagers galore. NOT OUR CUP OF TEA. We were about to write off the whole experience and go get hammered, when an angel appeared! Okay, not so much an angel as an employee baring wristbands for the 21 + pool. We got those wristbands and walked right past the madness and into a serene aqua paradise. There were plenty of chairs, waitresses baring drinks and a few ladies baring their goodies...lol. We ordered drinks and sat on the pool bench and relaxed the afternoon away. Later that night we gave Crown a try instead of Voodoo for a change. I did like Crown a little better, the layout is nice and the music is much better. We did have to take a drive to the strip to see our show, but it wasn't a hassle at all. I would definitely recommend Rio.
1	I don't know where these other people have stayed in Vegas, but the Rio is HORRIBLE & DISGUSTING if you're used to any of the following: Mandalay Bay, the Hotel, Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, Encore, Bellagio, Paris, etc..  It is not classy, the rooms are old and basic (corner suites are barely okay), the service is tired and staff almost seems to resent working there, the casino is small and gets boring fast.  I'd compare it to the Sahara, except the Sahara has a better casino.  Stay at the Rio if the price is right and you're not looking for luxury, but just know what you're getting.....
2	I wasn't expecting this place to be the best of Vegas, but I must say that I was still a little disappointed.The shuttle to the strip only goes to Harrah's or Bally's, so if you want to go to the other side of the strip (i.e. Mandalay Bay, New York New York, etc.) get ready for a lot of walking or taxi riding.  I would actually encourage riding the taxi if you have a group of 3-5 people because the ride to either end of the strip is only about $10 (about $12 w/ tip), and that's not too much off from if you were to take a shuttle and tip a couple dollars per person - plus there's practically no wait time for a taxi.Some of the shuttle drivers were ok, but one in particular did not let our friend on with a small roller bag.  We told him that we had come on with bigger bags the day before and he basically told us, "Well not on MY bus."Pool hours are only 9 AM to 6 PM so if you have your heart set on a night swim or hot tub, don't stay at the Rio.  Also, it's $22 for a day pass to the gym.  I don't know if that's normal for Vegas, but it made me a little sad to not be able to work out before going to so many buffets...The Carnival World Buffet was only okay (still think Planet Hollywood's Spice buffet is better), but I will say that  this buffet's dessert section was pretty amazing.  If you try the Carnival buffet you HAVE to have one of the little fruit tarts at the dessert section.  My friend asked me what I thought the cookie base was made of and I told them that they must be baked with magic...Rooms are definitely not as big as they're made out to be.  With it being an "All-Suite" hotel, we thought that the place was going to be huge, but it seemed like just a slightly larger regular room with a couch.  My friends and I were running on a budget, so we shared six to a room (two to each bed, one on the couch and one on the floor) without many problems, but I still don't know if I'd call it a suite.
4	Still a nice property with a fun colorful carnival feel/theme. Free shows- the Show in the Sky one tosses beads into the crowd and the bevertainers for a song (dancing). Two good buffets- worth going to, and I don't say that too much about casino buffets; sometimes there is a locals promotion on selected days (not weekends). Some shops include: Bijoux Terner store- where everything is $10.00, Harley Davidson, and Wetzel's Pretzel. The VooDoo Lounge is pretty nice but so crowded, it could feel claustrophobic at times- I went there a few times. Still the view of the Strip is pretty nice. The seafood restaurant, Buzio's, is pretty good. I ate there a couple times. The pool got good reviews but had some arrests on counts of prostitution (last summer). All the rooms are suites- saw it a few times whenever friends from out of town would visit. Pretty nice. This casino was the first one to introduce the cocktail waitresses in thong back outfits (since changed).
2	They have monthly free poolside concerts, yay. They have no consideration for the disabled, boo. The problem with these shows is that every show has different rules and the Rio nor the radio station promoting them let anyone know the changes until you get there.  The best example is my girlfriend is disabled and cannot sit on the hard ground.  The first 2 shows we went to there was lounge chair seating, the next show we were told we couldn't sit in the loungers, the next show after that we could, then couldn't.  Last month we tried to go and was told no seating but we could bring our own chair to use.  I asked security "Any chair?" and was told "Yes" but I know for a fact if we came back with just any chair they would not allow us to bring it in so we had to leave.  The other things they change is one show you can swim, the next you can't swim but you can use the jacuzzi, the next show both are off limits, the next show the pool is open again, what the heck?  And the last reason not to go is the alcohol, they offer an "open bar" which consists of 1 free drink of whatever they decide that night whether it be flat, warm, foamy beer or watered down who knows what.  The Fosters big can is the best deal but one show it is x ounces for x dollars, the next show the same can goes up 2 dollars, the next show the price goes back down but the can is smaller, the next show the price is higher for the smaller can.  Its been 3 years that I have been trying to attend these shows and nothing has changed in that time, still inconsistent and just plain wrong.  If you want a good pool party/free concert with open bar go to Hard Rock on Fridays in the summer, its always righteous and a good time without all the frustrations of the lame a$$ed Rio.
4	This is our Second favorite hotel in Vegas. I also get comps here and use it only when the Flamingo doesn't have any available. Even when I've had to pay, I like staying here too. The rooms here are all suite. At least 600 sq ft each room. Floor to ceiling windows are awesome and there really isn't a bad view from either tower. There is also a hole in the room that peaks into the shower. Kinda kinky for those who use it... Like me. The pool here is our second favorite after Flamingo. There is a half pool/half sandy beach here. I think it's mostly for kids though. I'm not a big fan of having sand on my ankles when I'm in the pool. Lots of space here and a waterfall too. Get here early in the summers or you'll be missing out on chairs.The whole "Carnaval" theme is interesting. They have a live show on the main casino floor. They throw beads from the floats. Correction, the HURL beads from the floats. Watch out for those things. The seafood buffet and the world buffet are awesome restaurants. I highly reccomend them. It's also convenient to get to the Strip while staying here. They have a shuttle that leaves every 1/2 hr that drops you off at Harrahs. Runs til about 1a. For the most part, we take cabs home when we've stayed here.
2	The old girl needs a facelift. The hotel decor is tired on the inside - room had poorly functioning AC, 150,000 watts of old bulb lamps that heated up the bathrooms, and crappy beds.  Also the hotel had no water for 20 minutes while I was there.   It WAS good for our conference though - good food at conference, good staff, and can't beat those room rates. Still though would not say here other than for conference.
4	If the Rio were actually on the Strip, it would be my choice every single time. The rooms are all suites and super clean. They feature some great restaurants, including one of the best wine bars in Las Vegas, both on the Strip and off of it. The buffet, if that's your scene (it's not mine) has some of the best food...though you must visit the seafood buffet, not the regular carnival buffet. Their Lounge, Voodoo, is one of my favorite after hours spots, located on the top floor/roof of the hotel. The ride up is amazing, with clear elevators that take you all the way up!!! The drinks at Voodoo are a bit over priced, but the flare bartenders and the size of most of their drinks are worth the extra price!!!
3	I had high hopes for the Rio being that my first over 21 experience in Vegas was heightened by winning $300 at this casino. But that was then and this is now; that was their casino and this is mostly about their rooms. Here are some pros & cons:Pros:-Room service-Room size-Carnival world buffet-Village seafood buffetCons:-It was a non-holiday Sunday night and they gave me a room with a view of the trash can, 3 floors up, with no tub because it was handicap friendly. Apparently this was the only non-smoking king room they had left.-Stains on the room furniture- OLD tube tv (why don't you join us in the 21st century Rio, thanks)-TV internet option SUCKED-Location: This allows them to put a $15 table limit on games like black jack when other casinos on the strip have $5 tables just because they know a lot of their guests don't want to drive to the strip. BOO!If I didn't LOVE LOVE LOVE their buffets so dang much and if my rooms weren't comped this review would've been more like a 2 star. I would never pay to stay here.
4	The Rio continues to do an excellent job of running the WSOP each year.  With so many events, players, fans, press, etc. you'd think it would be far more chaotic.  Luckily, the Rio has their crap together which allows poker fans like me to get up close and personal with the pros, but with enough security around so no one goes ape sh*t after suffering a bad beat to Hellmuth and witnessing his over-the-top celebration.Besides that, the Carnival Buffet is damn near top-notch, which is evident by the fact that we ate there twice within 5 hours (get the Buffet of Buffets pass).  Give us a break!  They had changed out MOST of the entrees by then, ha ha...
2	Here's the positive: The rooms are larger than LV average.Yeah, that's it. and they need to be painted and cleaned (at minimum)I've been here six days and not once seen the show that runs every hour on the hour (because it's "on vacation").  no, I'M on vacation YOU run the freakin' show.Internet is $13.95.. PER DAY!! and wireless doesn't work.Shuttle to the airport?  No.Built in 1990 and lightly remodeled twice since. Unless your convention is at the Rio I wouldn't stay at the Rio.The rooms are like 2 miles from the convention space also. (exaggeration) but you have to walk forever to get down there.Poker Room isn't even a room.  It's like a poker space.Last gripe ATM's charge $4.95 PLUS 4%.  That's stupid.Nothing really positive about it.
3	DON'T GAMBLE ON THE SLOTS HERE THEY WILL BLEED YOU DRY VERY QUICKLY. the hotel is good and the price is good but nothing special here. will stay at another hotel next time.
4	This past Thanksgiving was my first stay at the Rio and it was really good. The staff was really friendly and greeted us when they saw us arriving. The hotel receptionist was actually nice and didn't get upset with my many questions. The rooms were very nice, we ended up with the basic room which was still a suite! My only complaint about the room is the bed, it wasn't the best bed I've slept on but I'm not saying it was horrible, I've just had better at other Harrahs owned hotels. I really like how their casino is spread out so it really seems big but it's just the design. You get free entertainment near the bar at the masquerade tower, the bar tenders will show off their flare tricks and every hour after 7pm you'll get a show from performers on a ceiling carnival. I didn't play too much on the tables but the dealers were pretty nice and patient. My favorite game there was the new virtual blackjack tables with a video dealer who comments and talks to you. I think it's great not staying on the strip and having free transportation to the strip when you want too. Overall, I really like this place and I plan on coming back my next visit to Vegas.
3	Check in process was pretty speedy. The area when entering from the parking lot into the casino smelled like the sewers. Gross! We stayed in the Masquerade Tower which is the older tower. There as a window on the wall connecting the bathroom and the bedroom. Weird...good thing it was only my bf and I. I don't want no peeping toms watching at me shower! The rooms were dated but spacious. They need to provide a comforter. It was hella cold at night. Also their toiletries suck ass! Well what can I expect paying $60/night.
2	Room was nice.  50 bucks per including Buffet o Buffet's which I used for two breakfast meals.  Hotel layout is not so great.  Service was fine to non-existent at times.  Stayed in Ipanima Tower, which was fine.  Poker room is very small considering they host the WSOP down the hall.
4	I wanted to give this 3.5 stars, but had to settle for 4. First, the bads. The lighting in the rooms is pretty rough. I'm all for energy efficiency, but I hate these d@mn fluorescent bulbs. A lot. Every lamp was equipped with them, and it really made the room feel like a convenience store. Also, the bathrooms had this odd window from the shower to the bedroom. Anytime my suite-mates turned on the bathroom light at night, it shined (shone?) right into the eyes of people trying to sleep. But who sleeps in Vegas?Next, the Seafood buffet was given a resounding thumbs-down by my parents. I didn't eat it, so I can't speak for myself.Finally, housekeeping was a little slow, and room service wanted to charge us $3 a champagne flute (sans sparkling wine). I guess I get it, what with it being New Year's Eve and all, but come on. The goods. Yes, there were plenty of goods to be had, which is why this got a 4 star review instead of a 3. First, the rooms are very spacious, with a sectional sofa and beds and a large bathroom with a sink in and out of the tub area. Very cool. Large closet. Comfy linens. Next, the cocktail servers were all very friendly and very prompt. Getting free drinks at the slot machines is a Las Vegas must, and if you develop a friendly relationship with these ladies and gents, they won't disappoint. There is a free shuttle that runs from the Rio to either Harrah's or Ballys, so getting to the strip is very easy. The longest I had to wait for a shuttle was 10 minutes. Not a bad way to get around, and very cost efficient.Finally, the Rio Show in the Sky. Really, really cool. It starts late at night and hits every hour, on the hour. The singers are great, the dancing is good, and then they all go around in these floating Mardi Gras floats and toss beads to the crowd. Everyone in the casino gets really into it, and though I was supremely skeptical, I found myself shouting at the swan-pulled chariot for some "Harrah's Reward's Zone" blue shiny beads.Vegas, baby.
4	Four stars: The buffet is good. I won money playing the slots. 'Tis all.
4	So, here's the thing...Because the staff has always been so good to me, I'm going to round up from 3.5 to 4 stars. I've stayed at The Rio numerous times for trade shows, for those of you who travel to Vegas frequently for work like I do, you know that while the amenities of the hotel are nice, being customer serviced and being able to conduct business while being able to play is important. The Rio is the perfect balance of work and party. I've worked numerous conventions held in The Rio's ballrooms, the staff is always courteous and helpful, and they handle all manner of strange travel requests, from extra extensions chords to double stick tape and last minute copies with class and customer service. The VooDoo Lounge has a great outdoor location, perfect for schmoozing with clients or chopping it up with friends and bottle service is fairly reasonable.
4	Besides the fact that the people working at the concierge wasn't as friendly as I would like them to be, I really enjoyed staying at the rio. I've been to vegas numerous of times, but this was my first time. Although this hotel is off the strip, they have a free shuttle that takes you there (better than taking a taxi). The hotel cleaner was very nice upon my arrival to my room. she offered to give my family and i extra towels. The price for the standard room is very spacious and affordable. It's very clean and quiet.
4	Old School with a capital O!But I can't help but love this hotel and casino.For the deals I have gotten, I will take the outdated rooms and lack of nightlife. Because, to compensate, those outdated rooms are HUGE! And you have a starbucks right as you exit the elevators. They also have the best video poker machines, and it is located right across from the Palms - A super quick and inexpensive cab ride to go party.I've also heard their basement winery and pool are amazing, and cannot wait to try that out in the Summer.
3	Wow...The last time I stayed here was almost ten years ago... man I feel old.  The rooms look the same way they did 10 years ago.  Old school tube television.  Color schemes from the 80s and worn out furniture.  Why did it even get 3 stars from me... I got the room comped over new years weekend and the hotel was pet friendly... which meant that we got to take the spoiled princess dog with us on a little vay-cay.  Other than that it would have been probably 2 stars.  It was sorta nice to be a little bit away from the insane strip madness on new years, which I have done before, but still convenient enough to get back and forth between here and the strip via the secret back roads behind the Rio.
4	While not the classiest place to stay in Vegas, compared to some of the newer, high-end hotels & resorts, I still love coming to the Rio, either to stay, or just partake of their mondo awesome seafood buffet.I stayed last Summer for 4 days with my girlfriend and got a great deal through Vegas.com. Plus I got a coupon book upon checking in that had plenty of good deals, including free drinks, 2 for 1 specials and free admission to the Voodoo lounge club upstairs. It was nice going to the club when it wasn't so crowded. We pretty much had the place to ourselves and got our drink orders very fast.Since we went during the week, Vegas in general was pretty quiet and uncrowded too. This was great, since everywhere we went, the places weren't packed and we could take our time enjoying ourselves.Overall, the Rio could use some renovations as far as new carpeting, paint, etc. But as far as service and quality of the food and amenities, we had no complaints whatsoever.
4	I like the Rio.  Its really affordable.  When in vegas who cares where you stay when you aren't supposed to be spending any time in your room anyway?!Its really really affordable.  The Voodoo Lounge is tons of fun, and its all about fun without the pretentious nature of the strip.  :)The pool area is large with some nicely placed hot tubs away from the pool so you can really relax.  Not quite a grotto but close.The best part about this hotel is that Penn and Teller are here!  I've been to Vegas quite a few times now and have not missed them once!  I always bring Penn a bottle of Jelly Apple Red #054 by Essie.  :)
1	This is only a review for the free shuttle from Rio to Ballys. I know it sounds lame to rate something that was free but it's been bothering me. I went to meet up with my friend who was staying at the Rio so we can hang out. Unfortunately I valeted my car because I thought we were just going to meet up for dinner inside the hotel. She remembered that the hotel offers a free shuttle to the strip so we chose to do that. When the shuttle drove up we noticed everyone scurrying to find their card. We thought they needed a room key to prove that we were staying at the hotel. My friend shows the driver her room key and he says , "I don't need that ...that ain't nothin" he scoffed. I need to see your Diamond card. The Diamond card members are allowed to go first. She was no longer a Diamond Club member so she didn't have one. We were the last ones to board . I thought the issue had passed but the driver made another comment about the card. My friend was clearly already agitated so she said, "Thanks for telling us because we we didn't know". Then he sarcastically said "Then now you know". My friend was livid by the time she left the shuttle so she filed a formal complaint with the hotel. She told the management that it's wrong to treat people based on their player club status. She was a Diamond member once but now that she's not the hotel shouldn't look down on her. She was mainly embarrassed because this happened in front of a lot of people.
4	Childhood memories: This place used to be so tacky and crazy. My vague childhood memories are basically coming here with my family to the buffet and seeing nothing but a haze of purple, red, orange and other bright ~tropical colors. I also remember the amazing buffet being....BETTER. I love it regardless and I still consider it the best buffet in town but it's not as good as it was once upon a time. It also used to be kind of small, believe it or not. Masquerade Village and the big tower weren't around until the late 90's, and if you were to get rid of the village and tower it really wouldn't be that big. Okay, "when I was your age" ramble over. The Rio is a place that seems to get a lot of unjustified hate. It's definitely not as poppin' as it was about 10 years ago (blame it on The Palms being across the street), but it's still a nice place. Masquerade Village is a rather weird place. The giant double-faced head used to just come out when the Show in the Sky was about to start, but now it just sits there, with moving eyes and all. Uh, creepy. The Show in the Sky used to be SO COOL. I saw it recently however and it was kind of ruined in my opinion. Just like pretty much everything in Vegas now, it has to be all about scantily clad women. They really didn't have to make it like a pseudo-strip club where there are strip clubs right down the street from this place. Another thing to note-there's a very eerie New Orleans vibe to Masquerade Village, and I'm not talking the decor. When it's not busy, there's this very deserted, other-worldly feeling to the area, I'm not sure how to describe it, it's so odd. On a more positive note, the Rio is very similar to the Palms, with several major differences:1. No pretension/snobbery.2. MUCH better buffet.3. Friendlier crowd and staff.I'm partial to The Palms because most people I'm close with love it so I have no choice but to go there if I want to hang out with them, but if I had a choice between the Palms and the Rio, I think I'll go with the Rio.
4	My husband and I stayed at the Rio the last time we were in Vegas. We just had a standard room and I thought it was just fine. The bed was comfortable enough and everything was clean. I don't think you need much more then that when you spend most of your time outside of the room. We ate breakfast a few times at the Sao Paulo Cafe and it was excellent both times (the service was very good too). The only downside that I could see was that it was not conveniently located on the Strip. We will be going again in February, but we will staying on the strip at Planet Hollywood.
3	The Rio,  I was a bit disappointed for an All-Suite Hotel. The room felt more like a slightly larger room rather than a suite, while it had a sofa with a pull out bed and a desk and two queen beds it did not have a separate living room area. Also, I was very surprised to not find a coffee maker in the room, even Motel 8 or Motel 6 offer a coffee maker in the room.  The floor to ceiling windows offered a nice view. The buffet was always over crowded, lines of people waiting for what appear to have been a long time.  Would I stay again in the Rio? perhaps if they have a very attractive offer, otherwise I rather go down the list.
3	this place is a solid 3 for me.  The casino is ok.the buffeet is better than ok (carnival buffet)the spa is blah (yeah, it rhymes)the rooms are okthe beds are BAD.  but for $200 for 3 nights (holiday weekend), there isn't much room to really complain.  They treated me right.
3	a grand hotel in past life...once weathered by age and little renovations...but, returns fully charged and fully renovated....rooms quite large...comfortable plush beds, but finding a tv to the side annoying...sofa bed in every room....tired morning rise and headed downstairs to the conference rooms on casino level..passing the large casino floor...all the typical slots and card tables...longest of journey...conference rooms quite far...already committed and trekking on....don't give up and continue walking...it's there...
1	We got things STOLEN from our car whiled at valet. Didnt notice it until when we clean out the car half an hour later at the car rental return.  Called to file a report with security at Rio but they took it very lightly.  Asked what measure would be taken when I called back.  The person at the security office refused to help nor give me his name because I wasnt the person who had filed the report originally.Also worth mentioning, the valet guy hustled my bf to give him tips prior to taking our car in valet... claiming the valet section is full (on a Monday)... he asked for tipping in advance before willing to do his job... Never had anything stolen from hotel valets before... I suggest to stay away from Rio valet if you want to keep the thing you bring to Vegas.The saying should be changed to:  What you bring to Vegas,Stay in Vegas...
5	I love this place! All suites (huge, too) in the place. Prices are reasonable for Vegas. Buffet is great and humongous! $24.95 all day so you can eat anytime of the day and as many times as you need to.  But don't go during peak hours ( breakfast, lunch, dinner) Go in between to avoid the crowds. It food is good and the place is popular for its variety.
4	Wow.. The Rio is definitely one of my favorite spots.  I ate at the World Buffet.  This place was awesome.  Probably one of the best buffets I've tried in my day.
3	The best part about Rio? It's an all suite hotel...which is nice because I love spacious rooms and large bathrooms :)Probably not on the list for the best places to stay at in Vegas, but they do offer some pretty sweet deals. We were able to book a suite for 2 during MLK weekend for less than a 100 bucks total. Our king size bed was surprisingly comfy and the room itself was fairly clean.There are 2 buffets inside the Rio - the carnival world buffet and the seafood buffet. The carnival one was just your average everything buffet. Don't expect anything too great. I love their seafood buffet though! If you want to catch a show, Penn and Teller performs there and you can get a nice discount for tickets since you're staying at the Rio.And on a side note, since this hotel is off the strip, expect to be paying for a lot of cab rides to get back and forth because you'll most likely want to visit other hotels for gambling, shows, and clubs.
1	Worst. Hotel. EVAR. No, seriously - If I could give negative stars I would give -20 stars. This hotel was so bad that I had to book myself into a different hotel despite paying for 3 nights in advance... I just took it as a loss.When I checked in, I used my Chase debit card (for the points), not realizing that when you use a debit card at this hotel, you are treated LIKE A FREAKING CRIMINAL. Try using a debit card and order room service ("You're flagged as 'cash only'") or ordering a FREE on demand movie (what a joke - the TV was straight outta the 80's and the channels are depressing) or even trying to get internet access -- DENIED, DENIED, DENIED. Despite the fact that they've charged you a $100/night "deposit" that apparently gets applied towards NOTHING, you get NO SERVICES in your room without arguing with someone at the front desk.STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL - FAR, FAR AWAY. I checked out as fast as humanly possible the next morning (you can hear your neighbors BREATHING... let alone, um, having relations) and checked into the most incredibly AWESOME Cosmopolitan hotel where I was treated a thousand times better using the SAME card.So, long story short? Don't stay at the Rio. EVAR.
3	Decently clean hotel, decent prices, overall it was "just ok". Not 5 star like my fave, the Wynn, but not bad overall.Check-In wasn't bad, line wasn't too long & it moved quickly (this was on a Friday around 1pm).Casino needs more REGULAR Blackjack tables (they have a ton of the Single-Deck Blackjack tables, which, my boyfriend & I didn't know until this recent trip to the Rio, is played very differently from regular Blackjack).Location is off the Strip, but they do have a free shuttle at the back of the hotel (by the entrance to their Carnival World Buffet) that brings you to either Harrah's or Bally's (I usually tipped the driver $1-$2 each trip, but otherwise there is no charge for the shuttle). Shuttle also runs from the morning til 1am, every 1/2 hour.In terms of quick bites to eat: Not too many options aside from the Starbucks, which almost always had a long line. They do have other eateries like the Sports Deli (food was decent & portions were big) & a few bars like McFadden's (food sucked here! Avoid at all costs!), but they weren't open in the morning when I wanted a quick breakfast en route to the day's activities.Room itself was decently clean, but a bit outdated looking. TV was an older model, the ones that look like alien heads in the back, no flat screen.1 BAD THING: The door to the room my boyfriend & I had wouldn't shut easily, so you had to slam it hard each time. We came back 1 time to find it slightly ajar because Housekeeping didn't slam it, so we could've potentially had a bad situation, if someone saw our door slightly open & decided to clean us out.
5	RIO, RIO, RIO. It is the BEST Buffet in Vegas. During our stay there, me and the family ate at the World Buffet. Endless snow crab legs, Chinese, Japanese, Mexican, and American. All I could say about the deserts was AHHHHH YUMMY !!!!! We walked out weighing atleast 10 lbs heavier but who cares. The food was GREAT !!! Worth the weight gain.
4	Driving up I was worried...the Rio is showing its age, and if human it could use a facelift or some Botox. But once inside, it's as exciting as ever. When I checked in I asked about upgrades and was able to score a suite...foyer, living room, dining room, two bathrooms. The master bath was as big as most bedrooms....spa tub, walk in shower, take your breath away beautiful. No complaints here. Did I mention the beautiful view? Ordered room service just to say we ate in dining room, and honestly - I wouldn't recommend it - expensive/mediocre food. Shopping in this hotel is crummy as well - years ago they had some cute little shops, but their long gone and replaced by "Everything's $10" and eye creams, where they run out and start smearing it on your face. Get away from me....A lot of nice restaurant choices, and what I consider to be the best buffet around. I had been craving a red velvet cupcake and got a small piece here of the most excellent red velvet cake which took care of my sweet tooth craving for the week. I generally don't eat at buffets, but will make an exception here for the breakfast. Several coffee places, including a Starbucks just before my elevator. At night they would sell the pastries for $1 each. I can't vouch for them because I didn't try any.Harrah's has signs all around their properties for text offers - you sign up and receive them for 3 days at a time. One of the offers was $10 for Chippendales. We passed, but what a deal. The Platters and two other groups I can't remember were playing here - the best tickets were about $100 each. Now I ask you, $100 for Platters? It wasn't so long ago that would have been a free lounge act. Ah yes...the good ole days of free lounge acts and 99 cent shrimp cocktails. But I digress.Rio is an all around comfortable place to stay, easy to navigate, and plenty dining and adult beverage choices. They run a free shuttle to their other Harrahs properties on the strip if you are without a car. Who could ask for more than that?
3	Once upon a time this was my favorite casino to hang out at.  When I first moved here in 1993, this was more of a locals joint than a tourist spot.  Now, it's more of a tourist spot than a locals joint.The last time we were here, we came to meet friends for drinks at the Voodoo Lounge.  It's the same lounge that I remember, but it lacked the vibe and energy it once had.Despite the decline and aging of the hotel, The Better Half and I enjoy Staycations here.  Several times during the year we'll be able to find a great rate and we'll getaway from the house for a few days.  The rooms are spacious and the view of the Strip is great.  The restaurants here are ok, they aren't as good as they use to be.....don't know why.  The highlight of this place is Steve Martarano's joint......I love the pasta there!Overall, it's a great value if you can find low rates.Return Factor - 70%
3	Only reason I come to RIO is it's usually easy to get comped rooms here.Pros:  Easy to find parking, easy to get to.Cons:  Not near the strip, No quality restaurants, OldThis place has been up for sale for a year or more now and I think that Caesars Entertainment would like to get rid of it...It is close to Palms if you like going there which I don't really care much for either.
2	Old, run-down, musty, just not much going on at all in the casino. They have a ghetto club called Crown Nightclub that attracts all the wrong kinds of people and if you are of a classier calliber, stay away. The rooms are decent, a little dated but clean and nicely decorated. Off the strip and it just kind of feels like you are stuck at some dated Vegas nightmare and you will probably want to cab it back to the strip after about five minutes of being in there.
3	My review is based completely on the gaming floor. It was just like every other Vegas casino, it wreaked of smoke and I lost money. They had a good selection of machines and tables but the constant dance party going on overhead was a bit distracting.I don't know if I'll go back to gamble, especially for the $5 ATM fees.
5	This room is sooodope. Totally wrth the extra money for a suite. Surprisingly really enjoyed this hotel. As I said the hotel room was very nice, huge and had a great view of the strip. Also wasnt super far off the strip so def convenient etc. Will stay here again
3	I stayed here with my family quite a few years ago when my dad was extremely insistent on eating the infamous Rio seafood buffet not once, but twice on the trip.As much as I love seafood, this was just a tad of an overkill. I think I stopped eating shrimp for a year after this trip. I don't remember the hotel casinos and lobbies much because this was during a time when I was immensely confused as to why Las Vegas hotels were different and I could never find a clear path between the lobby and the elevators but I do remember being comfortably situated in the armrest chair in our suite while being very uncomfortably over stuffed with seafood.Rio is a bit of a walk. Yes, we actually walked from Rio to the strip.  This involved crossing a freeway, not as much fun as you would think it is. I wish we rented a car, but renting a car in Vegas is almost pointless since for the most part most people confine themselves to a walkable distance within the strip.What does this mean for you? Don't stay here without a car unless you expect to hike up your trip with cab fares from the Rio to the rest of Las Vegas.
4	Chippendales and buffets..what else can you ask for?!?! I was sold as soon as the word chippendales was mentioned LOL.I didn't stay at the Rio Hotel but my friends and I tried the Carnival Buffet. Holy smoking cowsaz! The line in this place was no joke! We decided to come way past lunch hour thinking we were smart.. boy! were we wrong! On the weekends they have brunch until 3:30ish for $25 (not including tax). We were waiting in line forever. We decided the fast track and add the extra $10. TRUST! it's worth it! especially when it's almost 3 pm and you partied like a rockstar the night before, like I did!The food was great! They still had breakfast available PLUS mimosas! They had a great variety of food. From Mexican to Chinese to American to Japanese and salads. ooh and the endless crab legs and shrimp!!MmmMmm! The desserts were ahhhmazing! they had a gelato bar the served coconut, cookies n cream, mango, vanila, etc.! My friends and I came out of the Carnival Buffet with food babies!Definitely be back to try the other buffets!
3	Decent table limits and good rooms. They are suite rooms and got some pretty cool features. One was a TV inside the bathroom mirror. It did have an HDTV, but no HDTV channels.I found it funny that one of the channels on the TV rebooted on us and I saw it start to DHCP finding an IP address. Casino was pretty good. A lot of tables and it wasn't crowded.It is off the strip so take that into consideration when planning. We had a car so it was a non issue.
2	On Sat 2/20/11, we caught the shuttle from Harrah to Rio. This place is 2 1/2 miles from the "Strip" and 2 1/2 times as smokey. There is only one "Sex-in-the-City" console in there. There are some tiny little shops and stores. A modified food court including a wetzels pretzels. [...lackluster...] yay. It just seemed kind of run down and junky.On the upside, I won 2-for-1 drinks at the I-Bar.We tried our luck there and did pretty well. I made a purchase at some overpriced store. I ate a wetzel pretzel dog. We hopped the shuttle back to the strip where the ACTION was.An utterly unremarkable experience.
2	I am not rating the casino.I am rating the buffet. Why my friends and I stopped by here? NO IDEA. WORST VEGAS DECISION EVER.Luckily we had the "buffet of buffets" and could eat here free. Otherwise they wanted 29.95 for it. I have no idea WHO would pay 29.95 for it. Just think of your high school cafeteria. That is what this place is like.
3	Very outdated rooms. Nice view. TV and furniture and bathroom and basically the whole entire room looked like it's from the 70s. The TV had 20 channels and most of them you could barely see because the tv was so blurry.  The TV was positioned in the middle of the window which I didn't like either. I did like how spacious the rooms are.  The buffet is nothing special. Everyone kept raving about this Buffett but I didnt see what the big deal was here.  Sure the Buffett was HUGE but the food was dried out and there wasn't that much of it left. The breakfast buffet was way better than the dinner buffet. The best part of the hotel was the Voodoo Lounge on the 51st floor of the hotel. part of this club is outside and it has a 360 view of Vegas which was AMAZING! But be forewarned the beers were $8 each and I didn't realize it until the next morning lol. Also the hotels restaurant options are bad. In my opinion this hotel really needs to be demolished and rebuilt and start over from scratch to stay with the 21st century. I would not stay here again, but I would come here to go to the Voodoo Lounge again!
2	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Rio this past weekend.  We chose to stay here in order to save a few bucks.  Typically we like to stay at the Wynn or the Trump Towers.  Anyway we checked into a non-smoking room that had a king size bed.  The good news:The view was decent.  It wasn't a strip view but we could see the Palms casino from where we were.  The room was very spacious.  It had a desk area and a living room area with a couch & coffee table.  There was a mini-fridge, the windows were nice and large ( wall to wall), the tv had a swivel pull out shelf, there's 2 sinks in the bathroom area.  One sink is in the vanity area and the other in the actual bathroom.  The bad news:  The walls are paper thin! I could hear every conversation happening in either of the neighboring rooms.  The carpet had some fruit punch looking stains.  The drapes didn't completely cover the windows so in the morning when the sun started to come up a sliver of light would shine through, but it was bright enough to wake us up.  The vanity area was nice a spacious, but the tub is TINY!  The door could practically hit the toilette it was so small in there.  It was also out dated.  The bed was also the most uncomfortable bed we've ever slept on.  The springs practically came shooting out of the matress and left marks on our backs.  The pillows were also very uncomfortable.  The check in lines were insanely long.  There were about 4 out of 8 stations with employees checking people in.  We also tried the famous "world buffet" that they have there.  There is a wide selection, but the quality is so-so and you're lucky if the servers remember you exist! It was almost impossible to get a refill on our drinks.  Next time we will not skimp or try to save a few bucks.  It's not worth it.
3	I love the hotel room but the hotel itself is okay.
1	I will not come back again. Poor service especially the manager. One of their staff promised me to change to 2 queen bed room on Sat. When I talk to them, they just transfer to manager. The manager was having a poor attitude. He even said that he didn't promise it, just his staff. He can help me check out if I want. His attitude made me feel terrible in this Vegas trip.
3	Good music while playing games...and nice big sports book...buffet is ok...lots of variety but not at buffet you feel like you have to eat alot to get your moneys worth....not worth it if you've done it before....eat smaller frequent meals....helps to keep you healthier too... :P
3	Hotel: 3.5 starsThe Rio was our homebase for this trip to Vegas. It was really convienent to have the shuttle that went from the hotel to the strip every half hour. The room was pretty nice. The pullout bed was kinda comfortable and room service was pretty quick to bring up the bedding when we requested it.Seafood Buffet: 2.5 StarsI'm not a huge seafood lover, but my friends are. So we each shelled out (pun intended) $45 for all you can eat seafood buffet. Some of the stuff okay, the sushi was fresh, but the shrimp was over cooked and it was freezing cold in the restaurant.
5	I just got back from Las Vegas after staying at the Rio. Its interesting that this hotel gets so many bad reviews because my experience was excellent. I only payed 128 bucks to stay wen, thurs and friday. That's a bargain to me. As far as the room goes it had a big bathtub but the bath area does have a little bit of a claustrophobic feel to it but then again I did get the cheapest room. There's a big couch and full size window which had a big, elegant view of the strip. Everything was clean except for the iron being in bad shape. I called to have it replaced and they had a new one in about 15 minutes. The casino is really fun because they hire very pretty girls for everything and dress them very sexy. Also there are two popular clubs there which bring in a lot of attractive girls. If you want a casino where you'll see lots of eye candy while you gamble this is the place. All the staff was friendly and one security guard I was talking to noticed I was way drunk. He was very nice and told me to make sure to keep my room number and key on me so that If I get to drunk they could put me to sleep. I found it funny and nice he said that but I definitely didn't get too drunk that I couldn't  walk. So for the price I paid this was definitely a very good casino and one awesome place to party.
4	I stayed here because my friend received a free room Thursday and Friday because of the points he earned through Total Rewards.  Located on Flamingo Road a few minutes west of the Las Vegas Strip, Rio is a decent hotel. What they lack, in terms of the quality of the hotel, they make up for with the size of their rooms and service.Quality of the Hotel: 3/5It's not as nice as some of the hotels on the Strip, but their rooms are comfortable. Everything is easy to access, and you don't have to walk around too much to get anywhere.Rooms: 4/5 starsFor the price, the rooms are pretty big. It was just me and my friend staying there, but we could've had several more people stay in our room more comfortably.Service: 5/5 Stars-The front desk were quick to take care of people checking in and out, so we didn't have to wait awhile. They were really accommodating.-When we ordered items to be brought up from the housekeeping staff, they came within 10 minutes, which is pretty fast in my experience with Vegas hotels.Pool: 4/5 StarsThe pool area consists of 3 separate pools. 1 with a DJ spinning and another with a grotto- like area.  This is a good place to go to chill. Mostly an older crowd and families. If you want to mingle with younger crowd, this isn't the pool to go to.
4	The Rio is a must to stop at when you're in Vegas.The buffet is awesome, they have something for everyone.In the masquerade side of the casino they have a show on the hour after 5 with real singers/dancers (not lip syncers). And they throw mardi gras beads out during the show in the sky. (Really cool)The bartenders even do a bottle spinning show and whoever screams the loudest gets frees drinks/shots.Totally fun and a surprise (I thought it was going to be depressing and run-down)We will be staying here next time if I can get a comp.
4	I wish that I was able to stay at Rio for more than 10 hours (we were actually able to check-in early, but we absolutely had to check out by midnight to catch our flight back home).  Nevertheless, I had a generally pleasant, hassle-free stay here - and for me, that's what's most important on a vacation.  Pros:  The front desk has separate lines for check-in and check-out.The awesome floor-to-ceiling view from the hotel room.Two sinks (one located in the bathroom, and the other located right outside the bathroom).Five or six ample-sized wall mirrors (includes the large mirror over the closet doors)The sofa and office desk.Option to check-out from the room.Professional, customer-service oriented staff, not just at the front desk but also at the logo gift shop.Cons:  The walk from the parking lot to the hotel itself is pretty long (I'm not sure if this was because we didn't know about the two parking garages).Our hotel room was located at the end of a long corridor.On a related note, Rio is home to Carnival World Buffet!  We got there about half an hour before closing and I wasn't too hungry, but what I did manage to eat was pretty yummy!
3	I have not stayed in the rooms but, I actually like it here a lot. It has a lot of locals offers (many you need to have a players card for)It is pretty big and has a great buffet. It also has the least flattering cocktail outfits that make that make the hottest girls look like they have 80's mom ass. In all honesty I should give a 3.5 star but it is just not quite a 4 star just because of its age and few improvements.
4	This review was from 2007. The Rio was a not on the strip but was still a great place to stay. It had some nice bars, the casino was nice and the sports book was great. The rooms were huge although we didn't spend much time there. The outdoor pool and bar was awesome.
3	Rio De JaneiroPlease add...*Looser slots *Cordial security staff*More cute shops & under 21 crowd entertainment*Some much needed glitz & glamor upgrades all aroundTo your already...*Delicious seafood buffet*Spacious rooms*Fun vibe...and it'll definitely turn the Rio back into a poppin' place! I'll be back nonetheless (YAY for rewards points).
4	HOTEL REVIEW ONLY.I haven't stayed at the Rio in so long. But we were all there this weekend. Compared to the Westin in Vegas...this hotel rocks though! LOL!Rooms, not bad. Bigger "suite" rooms with fridge and such. The two wings (Impanema and Masquerade) are kind of far from each other though. Need more $10 Blackjack tables for the poor folks like me. Even though the hotel is off the strip, they still provide shuttles to Harrah's and Caesars. They do need more fast food restaurants in the hotel though (the BK doesn't cut it). Elevators and some areas need a touching up though.Dog friendly hotel. Cool! Love the singing and dancing waitresses!  :)
3	Where's the hot water?  We just checked in from a long drive from the Bay Area and can't get a decent shower!  Geez!How many times have I stayed at the Rio?  Too many times...I stopped counting.  At least the Ipanema Tower is better from years ago.  They still need to renovate that Masquerade Tower though.  The pet friendly tower just isn't cool.  C'mon, I know you might miss your pugsy wugsy, poodsy woodsy, or something but please, it's Vegas, leave your pets at home or a Pet Hotel.  I don't need the scent of dog in the room you just checked out of and I just checked into.  That is if I am unfortunate enough to get stuck in the Masquerade Tower.Mini fridges are located in the rooms which makes it quite convenient to load a private stock of beer and drinks, that are far cheaper, from the grocery store than from the minibar.The pools here aren't bad either.  They get nice and sunny.  A lot of kiddies sometimes but OK for the most part.  As far as eating establishments, I would recommend only Mah Jong and Sports Deli.  VooDoo Lounge for the view.  I think the others are just OK... You can find better value and better taste from similar restaurants around Vegas.Oh yeah, where's the VIP Diamond love?  Where's my complimentary water when I check in?  And, Diamond Registration Rep's, just cause someone looks cruddy after a long drive doesn't mean we aren't working hard to make ourselves Diamond year-after-year!!!  Don't ask who we are but how we are!  Thou shall not judge others on appearances alone...the Diamond look comes later!
4	Okay, the first time I stayed here I didn't even get to sleep. LOL Oh, you know how bachelorette parties go. LOL But first time I thought the rooms were spacious and pretty. Now, on to the past couple of days ago...We checked in on a Tuesday afternoon. OMG! What an awesome stay in the I-panema Tower?!?! We even got a free up grade to a suite on the 19th floor. Love that! :-) The room was beautiful with an awesome view of the strip - 2 queen bedroom with a huge bathroom with a whirlpool tub and glass shower, living room, dining room table, mini bar area, and separate hallway bathroom. Seriously, I'm taking one star off for one reason...What?!?! No free Wi-Fi!!! Yah, that sucks ass! Vegas makes sooo much money off of us just in gambling alone and we can't get free internet access. That's lame! Sorry, but even the Travelodge offers free wi-fi. Okay, back to more praises! LOL The YUMMY buffets: - The Seafood Buffet is a seafood overload and more. (Dear Lord, please let my stomach be bigger than my eyes. Amen.) LOL I tried to eat everything but it's virtually impossible. Mmm...lobster, scallops, shrimp, king crab legs, stone crab claws (which are a bitch to crack open), pasta with seafood, fish (of all kinds), prime rib (they do have other things besides just seafood. lol), etc. - Carnaval World Buffet is still yummy til this day. There's something for everyone. There are somethings that are hit and miss but there's so much to try to sample. Again, I wish my stomach was bigger than my eyes. HAHAHA Not that I don't appreciate the buffets, but I wish they had a food court or something. Sometimes you just want a really quick bite with a smaller price. It's cuz we can't all be millionaires. I love the location of the hotel. I never knew how close we really are to the strip. Also, you can take advantage of the free shuttle rides to their partner hotels - Paris, Harrah's, Bally's, Caesar's. WOOHOO! You know how I feel about free. ;-) Hopefully they'll be more money in my pocket when I come back. I smell...re-review...LOL
2	We've stayed at the Rio numerous times of the years and feel that this hotel, which was at one time the only place we would stay in Vegas, is not longer the offering the type of hotel we would willingly stay in. Sadly, after being a loyal customer for 10 years, I feel it is time to move on to a hotel that values it's loyal customers, maintains certain basic cleanliness standards, and does not nickle and dime you at every turn.  Bye Rio, it was fun while it lasted.
4	This hotel was awesome from the moment we arrived. Since it was our anniversary they upgraded us for free to a suite and it was amazing. The pool is really nice, even though the hotel is off the strip their are shuttles that take you to Harrahs, Ballys, and Paris until 1 am for free.  Cabs cost about 7 bucks to get you to the strip if its past 1 am. The only reasn they get a 4 out  of 5 is because the rio buffet had a really long line and it wasnt too great but they do have an awesome deal of spending $45 for all you can eat buffets all day long at Rio, paris, imperial palace, and 3 other hotels I cannot remember.
3	This hotel is decent. Not magnificent, but not too shabby. The price came out to be around $300-360 for two nights over President's Day weekend. I don't know exactly since the hotel room was split among 6 people. The room is fairly big, as well as the area outside the bathroom, which is perfect for getting ready. It's also not too far off the strip, and there is a free shuttle that takes you to hotels nearby.
4	One of the classic hotels of Las Vegas...due to the BUFFETS :p  It's a great, simple hotel nothing too over the top but definitely worth the stay here. Despite the age of the Rio they did a great job updating the furniture, making it contemporary and very comfortable.  There was a long line at check in but what do you expect? It's the weekend, everyone goes to Vegas on the weekends. But once we got to the front of the line the staff was very helpful and cordial.  Personally if I had to deal with all those people, I would lose my mind haha, so kudos to the staff of the Rio for keeping their cool. Obviously it's a little far from the strip so bring extra money for cabs.Still a great place to stay after all these years, keep it going Rio :D
3	Good size room. Decent pool area.
3	Walked around inside.. didn't gamble. The dancers aren't all that .. my fam said it looked like they were doing ballet.. lolWent in to the bar a beer and @ $ 5.00 Margareta /(advertised) added up to $16 how IDK.. Voodoo was crackin' (its a  roof top club and restaurant.)It was cool for what it was.. not too much... LV seemed empty .. this economy sux.
3	This is a review for the casino only:I like the fact that the Rio has decided to mix their VP lineup with some different machines.  I am generally not fond of the 'bevertainers' and I find it distracting--well sometimes it is.  It just depends if you know what I mean.This is a casino I rarely play at unless I'm there for a show or to meet friends.  It tends to be loud, especially in the evenings, and the clientele is of a younger age.  Lots of drinking, yelling, high fiving and all the other things the youngsters do.
3	The Rio room we stayed in was nice but not luxurious.  We paid an extra $20 a night and upgraded to a higher room with a view of the strip.  We could see the strip at a distance but the view was still beautiful at night when all the lights came on.  There was traffic noise and some train noise.  There were minor imperfections with the room but nothing I could really complain about.  Be aware that there are sensors in the mini bar in their rooms.  All you have to do is touch or pickup an item and they will bill you for it at $8.25 each.  If you see refreshment charges on your bill then by all means tell them and they will remove the charges.  Also check everything over as our package included two free 24 hour Buffet of Buffet tickets and they didn't seem to be aware of it when we checked in.  The manager didn't help at all until my husband called the agent and they then faxed over the necessary information.  We were told to go buy our buffet tickets and they would comp us for the cost.  When we checked out it appeared they forgot to do this.  More hastle but we did get it straightened out as we were checking out.  We had looked forward to seeing Penn and Teller but unfortunately they weren't there the week we went.  Also the free entertainment other than a few strolling singers were closed down.  Avoid McFaddens if you want to drink as their prices are high and their drinks are terrible.  One good thing was the free shuttle to either Harrahs or Ballys.  My husband had planned to gamble a little but he studied the odds and said that he had never seen them so tight in his whole life.  Also we miss the days of gingling coins and flashing lights.  Everything is silent except for the music.  Oh well all things change I suppose.  I doubt we will return.
3	PROS:All-suite hotelFriendly staffShuttle buses to Paris and Bally'sCONS:Located off the stripOlder clientele (think middle-aged and up)Parking garage too damn far (or maybe I'm being a lazyass but I remember walking a lot)Poor housecleaning (there were 3 used bandaids from the previous guest(s) the first time I stayed here. Two in one of the queen sized beds, and one on the floor, AND a beer bottle in the hallway)I'd pick Rio over Luxor and Excalibur though. It's not too bad, but the used bandaids were kinda gross, even though I wasn't the one who slept in THAT bed ;)
2	i lose way too money to have a good time here...i know its not the hotels fault, but unless theres a hole in my pocket, i always leave in the red.rooms are spacious...not fancy, but it does its job!!! how many hours do u need in bed anywayz while your in vegas????
4	Rio, of course I wouldn't be reviewing this Hotel outta the blue. Of course this is where we stayed at during our weekend trip to vegas! I know there are a lot of people that prefer to stay on the strip and what not, but seriously staying just a little bit off the strip I have no problem with. Plus we had our room comped, so I wasn't complaining at all! Rio is a pretty big hotel, which also holds the biggest and to a lot of people the best buffet. I loved the Rio though, why because they seriously have like 4 tables right next to each other all three card poker! Of course vegas being vegas, during peak hours fri - sun all the tables are 10 dollars. I was itching to play three card poker the whole time, and so I tried it out on 10 dollar tables, and yeah it destroyed me! Our dealer was really funny, and very talkative, and that seriously makes table games fun! She told us to come during the morning, usually its not busy and tables are five dollars, so right away I set my alarm at 7am to make sure I am down here for those 5 dollar tables! The buffet here is seriously really huge, you can literally burn your first plate walking down the different options of food! You can get full, and just walk up and down looking at what to try next, and by the time you get your plate full..you will be hungry again, no joke!! Huge brownie points for having delicious crab legs!! I love that the Rio also has a show that is visible to the public. Usually consists of singing and dancing, and then after that these like huge boats and stuff circle around a certain part of the casino, and the louder your cheer for the dancers and what not, it rains rio necklaces! I scored me one, cause yeah I can cheer and yell pretty damn loud! Overall Rio is an awesome place to stay at, their rooms are pretty much suite's, they are all big and spacey. Again if you don't mind being off the strip, I think Rio is the best bet, awesome place to gamble, eat and of course drink!
4	The hotel itself is a bit outdated and nothing to brag about.But the casino has a lot of different gaming options and the slots are as loose as my sister. We tripled our money this trip, and we haven't done that at any other casino.The poker tournament was a free offer, with free 15,000.00 in play chips and an easy way to make a litle money since only 400 people entered, and on top of it they comped our room for entering. If you play at any of thier affiliates they are very generous with the offers they send out.The guys loved the cocktail waitresses, as they must hve been the closest to naked they get and the resteraunts inside the casino were amazing.
2	One word...WHACK!
2	Rio needs to upgrade itself.  Not worth the price to stay.  Only fast food open is burger king, no other fast food, all other restaurants dont open till 4pm so your pretty much screwed on eating till 4pm unless you want burger king.  No fans or air conditioning in bathrooms. In room toilet paper located on other side of bathroom.Offstrip, shuttles to the strip are slow.Seafood buffet is good but hotel guests should get priority seating. Huge lines.Cool bar on top, not open until 8pm.
3	This is a FUN hotel.  Lots going on.  They probably have the biggest and best buffet with every kind of food going.  The endless supply of crab legs is reason enough.....and, in fact, that's what I go for.  They have bartenders juggling bottles and cups.  They have Mardi Gras-like floats.  Lotsa lights, action, and my camera snapping this and that.  I love all the colors.
5	I really liked the Rio.  The price is great! The window view was pretty nice and is very spacious since they are all suites.  Great service.  I love the American Steak House Restaurant; the prime rib was soo bomb! The Rio Buffett was also great too !! I love the crab legs with butter! =) Pretty much the Rio has it all !!
4	How can you not grab a meal here during a Vegas stay? This place never gets old as the food they carry are all around average (except some sushis). Their mongolian grill gets a little too sweet with the soy sauce but you can tell the cook you want it not so sweet and everything will be fine. Their service is always inconsistent but in the end, if you want service then I guess I should just go to a fancier place.But overall, this place is great as a buffet.
4	we stayed here cuz the boy friend was playing in a few of the WSOP tournaments here and + by the time we booked  it waas the cheapest place to stay other than imperial palace which is a major dump( but its located on the strip) i was a bit worried about the suites being majorly outdated and nasty but i made sure to ask the recepetionist for one of their updated suites and it was nice. theres a fridge as well. one fridge is stocked with stuff. and one fridge is empty for ur usage ! their mini bar has sensors or something so don't remove anything just to see. i did it and got dinnged 1 2 bucks lol even though i put it back with in 10 seconds. oh wells.I stayed at planet hollywood earlier this year in thier studio suite, and all in all I did enjoy the rio much better, the rios bed were much more coomfy !! only down side was.. our room was next to the pool so come saturday morning the music was on full blast ! not good for someone suffering from a major hang over. =) oh and lastly the table limits were really high !! well for my standards they are anyways. the minimun bet for Pai Gow Poker was 50 bucks a hand..woah. 0_o..so needless to say I didnt do much gabmbling there.as for the VooDoo lounge.  the receptions gave us a stack of those cards that gives u free cover before 10 so we went there twice. since it was freee i enjoyed. but if i had to pay probly not. good music though, just no where to sit, and the crowd was much older.
2	There was cigarette smoke coming out of the ventilation system in my non-smoking room the entire stay.  Gross!  Don't stay here.
1	I've stayed at a variety of Las Vegas hotels (read: Imperial Palace to ARIA) and this place was one of the worst places.  Seriously.  Check in at 4PM = waiting in line for 40 minutes.  Given that it was 4th of July weekend, I was expecting some delays.  But, there were only a handful of people ahead of us.  Turns out they had some sort of computer malfunction (which they told us 20 minutes in).  And yet, they had about 11 employees standing around, having lively conversations with each other and definitely avoiding eye contact with the ever growing line of hotel guests.TAKE NOTE HOTEL MGMT: if you have some sort of computer malfunction and/or delay, then 1) communicate this to your customer quickly and 2) for the love of PETE, don't have your employees just standing around in front of each station.   If necessary, have them go into the back.  Your customers may be more understanding if they think you're understaffed.Other negatives:1) paper thin walls. I'm talking RICE PAPER thin, son! We could hear every conversation, every cough, every moan (nicely done, 2 minute man) and every annoying door slam.2) black and white TUBE TV.  Seriously?  Come on dude. Amazon sells a 22" Philips LED LCD TV for under $200.  Free shipping.  Get on it.3) Janky 1 star hotel style shower head.  Terrible.I always thought - I'm just going to Vegas to party it up.  It doesn't matter where you stay.  OH, YES IT DOES.  Never again.
1	Buffet is extremely disorganized! Waited in line forever, then a little longer since we're loyal Total Rewards members and had a voucher. Really Rio? Penalizing customers who frequent your business in favor of those paying cash?? I won't be back.
1	I stayed here because a friend had  a comped room.  It was called a suite....ummm....it was bigger than a standard room, but not a suite.  Sliders from the restaurant were ok.  The adults only pool was a lackluster attempt to capitalize on the trend.  The rooftop nightclub is the best feature of the club in the summer.  The casino reeked of smoke and many of the gamblers seemed sad.  Once we took the shuttle, and it was more trouble than it was worth.  I'm not sure if I would stay here again even if it was comp'ed.
3	I've never stayed in the rooms here but my friends and I always stop by and hit their World Buffet... It offers all different types of food from all over the world so there's something for everybody (pizza, salad, pasta, mongolian bbq, chinese, mexican, desserts, etc.). After 3pm they have endless crab legs and we can just sit there for hours grubbin on some goodness.The bartender announces over the loud speaker hourly drink specials so that's a PLUS! $3 Margaritas... Gimmie 3!  Service is great, we always have an awesome helpful waiter/waitress.  AND The guy at the dessert counter is always a crack up.. always makin jokes!this will be the only meal you'll need to eat for the day! lol.. seriously!
4	Big rooms with bigger couches for my friends to sleep on, yay! Superb room service as we asked for extra towels almost twice a day! Employees were very friendly except for those working at Burger King. Minus one star for that and the fact that we had to pay 14 bucks for Wi-fi daypass.
2	First time here at this casino. Out of all the times I've been to Vegas, I've never been here. The casino area is a bit small and pricey. I love to play cards especially paigow. When I play paigow I usually like to enjoy myself and take it slow while the cocktail waitress brings me drinks, but I couldn't do that when the paigow tables cost $15 a hand. Going here with $100 would only last me a few hands. One other thing was that I actually came here to try a new game that they didn't have at other casinos (Asia Poker) $25 hands were just to ridiculous with the bankroll I brought to this casino means that I only have 4 hands to play if I lost every single hand. Yeah the game was new and it was one of the reasons why we went to this casino. So I decided, heck I should just try a few hands (even though I've never even played this game before) maybe I can bring some beginners luck to the table. What do you know I lose the first hand and after that, I had a decision to make either stay for another hand and try to get my money back that I don't completely know the full game about, or try my money some where else. Since I was already sitting at the table I just again said, hell with it I'm going to just stick around and try my luck. After a few more hands I ended up losing $25 at the table and moved onto playing 3 card poker.All in all this casino just seemed a bit small, they had a few shops, but nothing to interesting for me to stick around and look in any shops. What I did find interesting though when sitting at the tables was their "male cocktail waiters" pretty weird which left me a bad impression when sitting at a card table and leaving the casino. HHhmmmm.....I'd rather go to another casino off the strip than this one and plus their are others casinos just down the street that I'd prefer than this one. Wish I got to stick around for their light show they had in the casino, but my experience here wasn't that great for me to stick around long enough for the show.
1	First of all, I booked 2 rooms with a view 2 months ahead. I ended up with two pet stayed rooms with no view. Room was still dirty from the last visitor. Do not recommend staying at rio because of bad customer service. Will not stay here again.
3	Used to be my hotel of choice in Las Vegas. A few things have me staying elsewhere, and even passing on comped rooms. No 24/7 coffee shop?? What!? Sao Paolo restaurant is open for just a few hours most days, and not at all on others. Other food (Sports Grill, All-American) aren't that great, and don't offer the options of what I call a coffee shop/diner type 24/7 food joint. Rooms that I've had comped are dated and in disrepair. I'll pay for my room at Orleans before I stay in a beat-up "suite" at Rio. Pool complex is too spread out.....18 different bathtub sized pools with little variations at each. Often private events here and there in the pool area....too much BS for me. Just give me a damn pool and some lounge chairs with a bar close by! Used to LOVE to go to the VooDoo Lounge for happy hour. The sunset as viewed from the lounge is awesome. Bar is a bit pricey, but it is (or was) an outstanding way to begin the evening......any evening. Now, the lounge is closed until 7 PM. WTF? Sad and disappointed, we've moved on to other properties. Bottom line; Rio is a nice property with potential to be great, but there's better off the Strip and in a few cases maybe even better on the Strip.
5	37/night for the penthouse suite in the Ipanema Tower? 5 Stars!!Yes, I can be bribed for 5 stars. This place ROCKS. So we needed an extra night in Vegas, since my buddy's flight wasn't leaving until Monday night. I phoned up some contacts, pulled some strings, and found Imperial Hotel for 17/night and Rio for 37/night (Mountain View, King Bed). I'm more of a Planet Hollywood guy, but for 110/night no thanks. I ended up going with the Rio, even though it was off the strip. The whole time I was thinking... old hotel, the room is going to be gross... it's going to be so gross... what is my friend going to think of me? But to my surprise, the lady at the counter said she was going to give us a complimentary upgrade. When she said upgrade, I thought she was going to give us the strip view. She put us up on the 20th floor, where you need a key to operate the elevator. The floor opened up to a really classy, and renovated floor. You know this place is fancy, because there was a concierge desk and a library/study area. As we walked toward our room, I was cursing that it was at the very end of the hall. We arrived at our room, with a set of double doors. We opened the door and "OH S-!!"The suite had an large living/dining area with a powder room with a wet bar. The curtains were operated via electric controls and we had a view of the strip and the pool area. There were two large LCD TVs; one in the living room and one in the master bedroom. The bathroom had a really high tech Jacuzzi. I was so excited that I was literally running around the room with a boner. Thanks for the upgrade Rio!A little about my credentials:I'm just an average Joe that travels a lot for business and pleasure. I'm an Elite Premier for United, Gold Member for Marriott, and Gold Member for Hilton. I usually book rooms around 130-160/night depending on location, amenities, and the year the hotel was built/renovated. My hotel turn offs include: Valet only parking, dirty bathrooms, and paper thin walls.
4	Only went to the Rio to gamble and check out the Show in the Sky,, earned me some beads, watched some hot men shake their ass,,,,good times at the Rio
1	Lo Siento Rio, but you made me kind of sad and I did not even have to pay for you!First, I did not think our room was super clean when we arrrived, Our shower soap holder thing had a gaping jagged hole in the bottom that looked kind of dangerous. The shower curtain bar is not attached to the wall and falls down if you pull the curtain too hard. Ooops... The pool is really nice, but why are all the pools not heated? The one next to the ultra expensive cabanas should most definitely be the most toasty of them all since we were paying extra for our luxury style ovens to watch the World Cup game in. (Wrapping the cabanas up in tarps like a 100 degree present does not allow for any air flow. Every time I sat in there for more than 20 minutes I would get light headed). We also were not informed that the money we paid for the cabanas was a credit towards food. Boyfriend and I were eating leftover buffalo wings in the room when his mother calls us and informs us we have a thousand dollars that needs to be spent in only a few hours.What was even more frustrating is we had ordered some drinks in the cabana and the waitress had brought us a bill to room charge it. Wth? If we have a thousand dollars of credit why did you not just deduct it? Jeez lady.Our phone also did not work in the room, which we discovered when we wanted room service at 330 AM. Glad you have 24 hour room service, but if I cannot call it then what good does that do? I went to look up the front desk phone number so I could call on my cell phone and there is not a phone number listed on the web site. Only an 800 number to make reservations. Fail. Vegas was nice though! This part just could use a ton of improvment.
5	This is by far the best place to stay in Vegas! You can get great deals for pretty cheap room rates if you look. The casinos rock and there are bars and entertainment everywhere!! Be sure to use Facebook or Foursquare to check in to get other deals! Plus, if you have a Total Rewards card, you can get extra points by joining Topguest on-line!!
1	Terrible, awful, nasty hotel, restaurants and service!  Comedy was awful also!Wayne Gorsek
5	been here 2x. loved it both time. rooftop lounge is incredible after 10pm. nice pools. good food. good sports book.  great prices.
3	All in all, the Rio isn't a bad place to stay in Vegas. If the exact same property were located directly on the strip, I think I would consider returning.  But since it's located off strip and the property is in need of a fresh coat of paint and some serious Sin City cool-factor rebranding, I wouldn't stay here again. Customer service here is decent, other than the long lines for check-in/out. The rooms are nice, all suites, which was the selling point for me for booking there. Housekeeping seemed a little confused about what towels were required in room. One day we had towels and bathmat, but no washcloth, and another we had washcloths, but no bath mat. I'm not a big gambler, and the casino felt a little sad (although to be fair I think all casinos seem a little sad). The cocktail waitresses may don the trashiest and skimpiest waitressing outfits in Vegas, and it felt contrived and pathetic when the loud drumming starts up every 15 minutes one of said cocktail waitresses has to get on a stage and dance for her life. I did appreciate that whenever I sat down to gamble for more than a couple minutes, a server would come by to take my drink order. Other than the buffets, the restaurants are pretty scarce including a forlorn and grungy McFadden's. The four pools (including one private topless pool) were rather nice, and offered great people watching. The Rio is definitely showing its age and as anyone in Vegas knows, once the years are showing, it's time to reinvent yourself and get some work done, or get out of the business.
3	When the Rio opened, the suites were clean and looked great. I have stayed at the Rio at least once a year for the subsequent 7 years and then I quit going. I quit going because the hotel has not kept the place fresh and clean.  There are too many new hotels to really bother complaining.I do miss the memories though and their Seafood Buffet is fun and was a good value. They have a system of rating players like all casinos. The more you play, the more you earn points.  If you find that the machines or tables aren't working for you, take a breather and go the the bar and watch the Carnival floats and play video poker for a while. You might get lucky and even get a picture taken with one of the dancers.  I did and even get offered to attend a private meeting!  I refused because I am wired as a committed type but I felt good that a hottie asked me if I could party with her after work.If you plan to book here, make sure you get an upgraded suite. Pay more and you will get more.  You'll feel better and may lift your spirits rather than the rooms they offer normal people.
4	The Rio is the best hotel to stay at if you have a car. It's just off the strip so you can get in and out easily and jump right onto the 15. We've stayed here twice this year, for 5 nights in Feb., and for 8 nights in July.  Here's why: I would give the Rio 5 stars if the restaurants weren't so overpriced. We made the the mistake of eating there twice in the first trip but never again. This last trip we brought a $6.00 throwaway toaster from Walmart, paper plates and a cutting knife, stopped at a nearby Trader Joe's and stocked up on staples for breakfast, fruit, snacks and sweets. I bought 5 different restaurant Groupons in advance of the trip so we got to try some great new and different restaurants for even more savings (which I reviewed here on Yelp)! And I also found restaurants west of the Rio on Yelp before this last trip to try. The rooms are huge, with a living room-type area, and good sized mini-fridge and comfortable. The only problem we had was we could hear our noisy neighbors through the door between rooms. We put extra towels down and that helped alot.We only use valet parking when we stay here because it's just too far to walk to self parking when you want to mazimize your vacation time. The boyfriend and I both have Total Rewards cards and for 8 nights we paid $150.08 including tax, 4 nights were comped. We gamble just long enough but low stakes to make sure I can comped for our next trip.  I highly recommend the Rio as a great home base but we go elsewhere to eat, gamble and sightsee.
4	The Rio has never failed me once. Yes, it is away from the strip but it tends to have the best deals and the service is really good too. The room we got last time had two beds and a pull out bed and even with all that the room was huge. But let's be honest, you're in Vegas all you really need is a place to shower, release bodily fluids, and change clothes. If you're concerned about all the little details about your room then you are not partying in Vegas at all. But in all fairness, the Rio is a very nice place to stay even though it doesn't look as attractive from the outside. You are allowed to smoke in the hallways next to the elevators, in case you are a smoker.The Rio also has, in my opinion, THE best buffet in all of Vegas. I've been to the Bellagio and the thing that disappointed me most was they didn't have everything I wanted. However, at the Rio they had EVERYTHING! all of it tasted really delicious too, so you're definitely getting your money's worth. I believe this hotel is known for their buffet as well, so go here!
2	From the crummy, dated, damaged rooms, to the crummy food, to the overpriced EVERYTHING, this place is a 100% PASS.
4	It was ok. I wish they had better ventilation, but whatever. We had a group who stayed with them for a week, and we were only provided feather pillows. I called down a couple of times to get non feather pillows as I have a sensitivity to them. Never got them.
4	Chi chi chiiiii!!! I love it here!! Many people really dont appreciate this gem because its off strip! But being a local you tend to appreciate these types of casino/hotels! I love that they offer local discounts! Most other places rarely pay homage to the people who actually live in the city of sin but the Rio takes care of us pretty good!!Sure it looks radical with its purple and red lights at night but its really a great place!!  They have many things to do if you're old enough. They have a lot of night entertainment such as VooDoo ROOFTOP lounge, and Crown nightclub. They also have different shows you can go see plus a bowling alley for the kids!Rio has many different eateries that you can try but when we go we always go to the Carnival World Buffet, locals get 50% off and even if you're not a local its still inexpensive!! I have a 5 yr old and they dont charge him, so thats nice. I've never stood in the hotel rooms, so maybe one day I can review them! It's a big casino and they have good slots also! They waitresses are also very personable and attentive, unlike other places!!I will def go back and think you should give it a try even if it is off strip!
4	Came here for a Bachelorette Party...ROOMS:The rooms are what you get for the price... and not bad.They are clean and there are connector rooms. The suites are spacious.CASINO:Typical... smoke is worse tho.FOOD:Buffet... mmmmm... seafood.OVERALL:Good for the value off the strip.Will review again after the Star Trek Convention.
4	Good room quality, decent casino. The food on site is a bit expensive but the portions justify the price (the same can not be said for places on the strip). They have shuttles going to strip but dont count on them as they rotate about every 30min and generally require you to wait a full cycle due to the amount of people going. Cab fare is $5-$10 to get to the strip.The rooms are nice and big, its worth it to upgrade to the suite view if they extend you a special offer (I got it for $10 extra a night). The TV quality is crap but you're in Vegas, don't spend it watching TV!The food is expensive, expect to pay near $15-$20 a person without alcoholic drinks. Unlike other places I went to (notably Caesars) their portions are on par with the pay. Don't expect to get out cheaper, taxis to anywhere else will end up costing more. I had no issues eating at their sports deli almost exclusively during the convention. I actually sort of miss some of the sandwiches they make.The casino is pretty good. They have a decent assortment of games and a poker room that consistently plays $1/$3 NL holdem and $60-$80 NL tournaments. There was a full table at 11:00am on a Monday so its fairly active.Overall this is a great off strip place to stay if you want to save some money. I never had issues getting to or from the strip nor was I ever bored in the hotel. I'll no doubt return next year.
4	I stayed at the rio for a couple days before and then during a large conference (DEF CON 19), so I got a good look at the hotel in a range of conditions.It's definitely an older property.  The building itself is actually pretty nice, although it's off the strip, and while it's not in new condition, is maintained pretty well.  The casino is quite smoky compared to most others in Vegas -- the HVAC is definitely not up to the standard of the newest hotels.There isn't a really obvious theme to the casino; it's nominally about rio and carnival and parties, but it seems to be "1980s/1990s vegas casino" more than anything else -- it doesn't do badly, it's just that it's kind of bland.The rooms vary; the refurbished rooms in the smaller (Ipanema) tower are great, but the rooms in the main or masquerade tower, especially if not refurbished, are a bit worn.Aside from the buffet (which is quite good, and on par with Spice Market at Planet Hollywood; an especially good deal with the Harrah's Buffet of Buffets), I wouldn't really consider the Rio's dining establishments and bars to be great; adequate if you're staying in the hotel, but not a destination in themselves (unlike various eateries and bars at the Wynn, Bellagio, City Center, etc.).I didn't gamble much, but from what I did play (maybe 1-2h of craps), I wasn't overly impressed by the casino; $10 minimum bets on craps almost all the time ($5 would have been more appropriate off-strip), and some of the dealers made mistakes, or didn't catch player mistakes, although the box man and pit boss quickly resolved all disputes in the player's favor.This hotel is an EXCELLENT value for conventions -- if I were looking for a venue for a convention, large meeting, or other event which brought its own theme, the Rio would be my first choice in Las Vegas for anything but the highest budget events.My favorite part of the hotel was the staff -- even for Las Vegas, they were quite friendly, helpful, and well informed.  During large events they're a bit understaffed (this seems to be common in Las Vegas overall now, due to the recession), but while there were delays at the busiest periods (e.g. Sunday valet and bell service), they were great.
4	Stayed here for my first visit to Las Vegas, it was an awesome hotel and I loved my stay. Great staff, great service, and even better buffet.Had an amazing time here and I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in a visit to Las Vegas, however it is not on the strip. As crazy as this may sound for someone going to vegas, I'm not big on gambling and I rarely do, so the stay alone was good enough for me!
4	Oh, Rio. You had no idea what you were getting yourself into by hosting DefCon, but you handled it with class and style.For those not in the know, Defcon is a huge hacker convention. If there's something the attendees can break, break into, or otherwise take apart to figure out how it works, how to break it, and if you're lucky and it's one of the good guys, how to fix it, it will happen. In the past, attendees have hacked ATMs, hacked security cameras, attempted to hack a slot machine and base jumped off the roof. This year, all I've heard about thus far is someone tampering with elevator security cameras, hacking of the lights/sound in the presentation rooms, and, oh, someone set up a MitM setup to intercept all data communications on t-mobile and at&t.And the Rio dealt with it beautifully. Keep in mind that this is a con that has been thrown out of venues before (surprising, right?), so watching the staff at the Rio keep their cool was reassuring and helped the non-con-goers to stay out of the fray.The casinos are mid-range between classy and trashy. The shopping isn't fantastic, but you can definitely get what you need and want. There's a shuttle from Rio to the strip from 9AM-1AM, so don't worry about being off the strip; they're happy to help. Most of the dining establishments are decent, and I really loved VooDoo Steakhouse.Their room service is good, except when they are really swamped. They offer late checkout at 4PM for an extra $50 (which, if you are lazy like us, is fantastic). If you like free floor shows, they have scantily-clad men and women singing and dancing on the hour in the evening. And who doesn't like that?  :D
3	My main problems with the Rio were: the garbage floating in the pools (bottles, cups, straws, etc.) during the daytime, while staff goofed around and flirted with each other instead of cleaning, the extreme long distance you often had to walk with luggage to get from an elevator to a room, the underbaked potatoes delivered by room service, the overpowering ozone used to filter out smoke (gave 5 of us nosebleeds), and the horrible restaurants in the casino (my husband ordered a crown and coke, and got cheap whiskey in Pepsi, I ordered French fries and they came with no salt)... That being said, I have stayed in worse places. The staff were friendly, the rooms large, there were safes and refrigerators available, the beds were not too bad, and the Rio was a $10 cab ride from the strip.
3	Cool hotel.A bit off the strip :/Hey, I won money!Evo 2011 was a blast though.
3	While the Rio is off-strip, it does have a free shuttle taking you to other Caesar's/Harrah's properties along the strip. That's useful for getting to shows or other events, but not for airport travel, as luggage isn't allowed on the shuttle.I was at the Rio for a conference called Defcon, a computer hacking event. Kudos to the Rio for being willing to hold a conference like that, which I've heard can be hard to find a host hotel for.I played some blackjack. The minimum bet was $15, our dealer was friendly to both the winners and losers and drinks were fast. Blackjack pays a traditional 3 to 2 at the Rio, which is a more desirable payout that narrows the house's advantage. While I was just having beers, a friend at the table was ordering top shelf cocktails and getting them almost immediately. Service was fast. Like any casino, drinks are free if you're gambling, but do remember to tip your server and your dealer.On the downside, your only good option for food is the Sports Deli for pizza, burgers, and the like. DO NOT go to the buffet, which is as overpriced as it is mediocre.
2	My MAIN complaint about the Rio is the housekeeping service but did have some other issues.YELP could NOT be accessed from my room and was blocked. The man at desk didn't know why Yelp didn't work from my room.The drinking glasses had thick brownish goo around the rim and we marched them down to the desk to show the front desk and he gasped and then offered us free Internet to make us happy. (this was the first day and we thought about leaving)The Bath tub was slippery and greasy with a slow drain.Received an almost empty shampoo one day instead of a full one.Received a crumbled towel on the corner with a big whole in it.Another day had no maid service and called the front desk for towels THAT NEVER CAME!The sofa in the room was all sunk in the middle.
4	The Rio is my favorite hotel to stay at in Las Vegas. Yes if you pay a lot more money at another casino you'll receive a bigger, fancier room but that's obvious. I only payed about 60 dollars a night and the Rio always has great deals if you check online. The casino has a whole party atmosphere to it and there are always really good looking girls everywhere. The reason is that they hire very good looking workers plus there are two clubs there plus you have so many girl tourists walking around. So if you want a casino with lots of eye candy this is the place. I gambled at the bar and they were constantly giving me free drinks. They also have a show where some boat thing goes around the casinos and everyone's goes nuts when it happens. Its quite entertaining. In addition I  was happy with my room. It was clean and had a huge wall to wall window that I could see the whole strip. For the price I played this place was awesome.
4	I go to Vegas often and try to stay at (and review) a different hotel each time I go. So far I've stayed at the Excalibur (ick!), Monte Carlo, Luxor (tower rooms ONLY), Flamingo (GO rooms are AWESOME!!), and now the Rio. Part of my stay was comped (3 out of the 4 nights we stayed) but that doesn't sway my opinion of the place. Yes, the rooms are BIG. Beds are oh so comfortable. The pillows are lacking but I've had worse. You get 2 fridges in the room (one's a mini-bar but the other is empty for your own stuff). We liked the bathroom. Spacious for 2 people to get ready at one time. The shower/tub combo is average. Tub isn't large enough for the average adult to bathe in (typical). The shower had great water pressure and there was ample space to put  your shower necessities which was nice - no fumbling. View was of partial-strip - what I expected. Rooms could use an update. The bench at the end of the bed was a bit crusty - they really need to get rid of these. Having the extra seating in the room (sofa, chair, desk with 2 upright chairs were nice and allowed us to hang in the room at times without feeling cramped). This hotel is not on the strip. No airport/hotel shuttle, which they SHOULD have since they are not a Strip hotel. Cab fare was reasonable from the airport - $25 to get there and around $18 back (I believe there was traffic on the way there). We did use the free hotel shuttle to their strip properties (Ballys and Harrahs) and took a cab back to the hotel (this was because we didn't want to wait in the heat of August for them). The cab back to the hotel ran about $10-$15 (depending where we left from). The casino is okay. We didn't "win" but we did play a LONG time on what we did put in. We didn't fare any better at any of the strip casinos either. Cocktail service at the Rio was AWESOME. We never had any problems or a long wait any of the 4 nights we were there. Yes, the entertainment (show in the sky, the servers who dance/sing) is WAY lame. Felt we were at the America's Got (some) Talent Casino. They really need to stop with the singing and dancing. No one stops and watches it except for the pervy men who gawk at  the dancers and then don't tip them when they're finished. I just don't see the point of this. I do have A LOT to say about the food during our stay, but those are separate reviews.Overall, I like the Rio. I will stay again but only if they give me a good deal (future comp?). I'd rather stay on the strip and have the convenience of other restaurants and the option to run to Walgreens for cheap soda and snacks (Rio wanted $3.95!! for a single soda in their store). And, I would be sure to bring my own pillow and pay for an upgraded room with a Jacuzzi.
4	Went there for the buffet - hadn't tried it in quite a few years. It still rocks, although is quite expensive now - $17.99.Highlights include the pork ribs, fried scallops, fried clams, and tempenyaki.Fried clams are difficult to find around southern California, and these were a pleasant surprise.Warning: Do not attempt to eat here unless you have a tremendous appetite - you'll need it just to sample a bit of everything, as the choices range from American comfort food to Italian, Chinese, sushi, Vietnamese, salad, a huge dessert bar (including gelato) and more!
5	Next time we go to Las Vegas, I would stay there again!
5	This review is for the bar closest to the Chippendale's boutique & the parking garage.  Everything else is on it's own.All I need to say is Jared ROCKS.  Best. Bartender. Ever.  He is hilarious and quick with the cocktails.  I love him so much!
4	The only reason to stay at the Rio is if every other room in LV is booked because you tried to make reservations three days before CES (as was the case with me one year) or if you really, really want to be within walking distance of the amazing buffet. It's as good as advertised.I've been to every notable buffet in Vegas and I still contend that Bally's Sunday brunch and Rio's world buffet are 1 and 1a when it comes to best places to eat in LV. It's too bad these food Meccas are in such janky locations...3 stars on the strength of the buffet. 1 extra star because they upgraded me to a suite that was literally 1/3 of a tower floor, had 4 bathrooms, 2 ridiculously long hallways, and about 900 lbs. worth of oversized CRT televisions straight out of the early '90s.
2	This place is totally out-dated. I wouldn't stay here, but the buffets are good so that's why I made my way over here from the strip. I'm going to write about my experience with their service.We bought the Buffet of Buffet passes ($45 for hotel guests and $50 for non buffet guests) and the cashier lady is super mean! She's old and cranky and holds up the line. My trip was so good, but her nasty attitude ruined my day for a good 5 minutes. hahah But really, she was pretty bad though. :( You can read my review for Carnival Buffet about my experience if you're interested. Anyways, this hotel charged me twice for our passes. TWICE. It was my boyfriend and me so our passes should have cost 100 bucks. I bought it online and then they charged me again when I came to pick up my wristbands. When I was explaining it to them, they kept saying that they charged me correctly. I'm like, so you're trying to tell me my buffet passes caused me 200 bucks? Why would I pay 200 bucks to eat at a buffet? We had our email confirmation and everything. The staff have no communication amongst each other and they get all crazy pissy. The only reason I gave them 2 stars is because I enjoyed the food, and they "quickly" refunded me after everything was settled.
4	Honestly, this hotel is like a "hidden" gem in LV. I researched a bit online to look for free things to do in LV and one of them is the Masquerade in the Sky event. So, the show starts at the top of every hour. We got there at 11pm. I heard music blasting loudly and went in with low expectations. There, I saw dancers on what seems to be a float attached in the ceiling that is going around in a conveyer belt attached to the ceiling. Everyone was screaming like crazy and the dancers threw out free necklaces to people above and below. I'm so glad that I had the chance to experience something a bit different than the typical clubbing event. They even had a bartender show where the bartenders do their own tricks with drinks. BEST OF ALL, the bartenders gave free shots to those who wanted it. I've never seen a hotel that generous. I really recommend those to check out Rio if you're sick of the clubs.
5	Number 1 buffet in Vegas! Amazing .. clean .. affordable! Everything was amazing! Hotel was very clean and enjoyable!
1	I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!We had a booth at the WWIN show so we stayed here because it was convenient(in my opinion it be worth it to drive 15 minutes to another hotel), my boss paid for the room, and there ends the extent of happiness for this stay. There were 5 people in our group 4 had an unpleasant stay, these are their stories. 1. One room the a/c didn't work and wouldn't get below 80 degrees.. it's 100 degrees outside at midnight during august in Las Vegas. Several calls to the front desk, twice did any one come up to even look at the wall a/c unit, nothing was ever fixed.2. One room it took 45 minutes to get hot water in the shower if at all. She valets her car and it took them 45 minutes to retrieve it while standing outside in 113 dry heat. She complained to the guy that takes the tickets to get your car why it was taking so long, and he asked her, "well did you tip the valet?". When the guy arrived with her car she asked him why it took so long? His reply "did you tip the guy in the booth?"3. One room same problem no hot water.4. My room, when I checked in the lady asked me king bed?.. yes its only me.. well we don't have any available are 2 queens ok?.. that's fine(did I have a choice?) also she needed a credit card to put on file, after several minutes of tryin explain that the boss has his on file hes paying for the room, I ended up just giving her one with the understanding that she just needed to see a physical card and it wouldn't be charged, it was, and had to be refunded and charged to the correct card. I can deal with the 27" tube tv no biggie, but it didn't even have basic cable, kinda sad for a big fancy las vegas hotel to only have 5 channels in a room. Also, the tv in my room faced one wall, the sofa another one, so I rearranged the furniture completely so I could watch tv. My problem with the valet, they brought my truck quick enough, but only after hitting a curb or something and scratching one of my rims (that cost $750 apiece). I caught it before I drove off and complained to the guy that brought it, he said he has to call security, id have to file a claim, I was already running late for a business dinner, and wasn't going to blow my chances at making $ for these guys to tell me "no we didn't hit anything you must of brought it in like that."All the rooms: if you are staying in the masquerade tower in floors 23 or higher be prepared to wait up 7 minutes for the elevator to get to you (there are 4 of them when we stayed one wasn't working) no free internet, $13.99 a day or $32 for a weeks use. No free gym, $22 a day. All the showers have a window in them so you can see the living room, people in the living can also see you in the shower, and if you don't close the shower door they can watch you dropping a deuce. Room service is crazy over priced ($300+ to get 3 medium pizzas, bread sticks, salad and soda delivered to your room) the restaurants in the hotel are crazy over priced ($20 for a large one topping greasy pizza, nothing else).. sonic burger is 2 blocks away (double bacon cheese burger, large onion rings and huge drink $7.99)The good things: beds were comfortable with a variety of pillows of different firmnesses .. that is all.And for the comfy bed and good nights sleep they get ONE STAR!
3	i got a suite with my sister and it was nice. we got the platinum treatment so our suite was on the top floor facing the a wonderful scenic view of the strip. the area was very spacious and the set up was convenient. the only flaw i have with this hotel is the location. since all the attractions are on the strip and Rio is off the strip you find yourself traveling around. the distance is short but everyone knows that Vegas traffic is horrific, and adding up taxi fares can get pretty pricey. they do have a shuttle that takes you to designated spots off the strip every 30 minutes but the idea that you even have to put effort on vacation is typically unwanted. regards to the hotel attraction, they have a variety of interesting shows like the Chippendale's along with free viewing entertainment like the famous Mardi gras. a great reason why to come here is because of their fabulous carnival world buffet. they have a wide variety of food from different parts of the world, all adding up to a wonderful meal. regards to the pool set up, it's great. different pools for different crowds. i even found myself joining in the party with the nude/topless pool area for adults only. the workers everywhere were friendly as expected which gave me satisfaction with my overall experience. Rio is a good hotel and casino if you want to enjoy the calmer side of Vegas with good food, gambling and company.
1	Victim of employee theft.  Completely appalled by this hotel.  Upon arriving, my reservation was canceled because they had booked the room on the wrong date, informing me and my coworker that the hotel was fully booked and that we "could try again tomorrow".  After an hour of explaining that we were with a conference there, we finally got a handicap-accessible room with a king bed that obviously not been used in a while.  Then, once returning to the room after dinner, I found that my macbook pro had been stolen.  They are completely insensitive, and I've now been passed to three different insurance adjusters before finding a resolution - which is increasingly looking like a denial of liability on their part.  I've traveled a lot, and this is BY FAR the worst hotel service and staff I've had the unfortunate opportunity to experience.  I would say "0" stars if it was available.
1	No free wifi.  In 2011.  Really?  REALLY?In 2011 wifi is ubiquitous as toilet paper.The smoke in the casino is horrible.  It hits you like a wall as soon as the elevator doors open.If you buy one of the drink packages (for example, you pay $75 to get $100 worth in drinks), you NEED to check out in person in the lobby.   The video check-out will not account for the drink package at all.  The woman behind the front desk told us this.  Gee, I wonder how ethical that is.Avoid this dump.
2	OMG, I never stayed in such an old overprice hotel in Vegas before,  well this is it. I loved their buffet but they could definitely upgrade their rooms. We went with a group and heard their room was a bit more modern but all the TV's had big backs on them? come on, all that $ and can't even upgrade to flat screens? The shower had little to nothing water pressure and I felt like i was showering with drops of water...Will NEVER stay there again.
3	My boyfriend and I have already decided that we won't be staying here anymore and the biggest reason of all was that we were off the strip.Sure, we both agreed that it was fine to just take the free shuttle service, but after a day of being separated from all the fun that could have awaited just outside our hotel doors, it got dull. A few notes:HOTEL ROOM-- Decently sized. A bunch of people who want to save money and aren't going to be spending a lot of time in the hotel should stay here.-- Out-dated. I could also hear the water running through the pipes making a knocking sound run underneath the sink I was at when my BF was using the other one. The bathtub had a leaky spout too. -- We didn't even get the room we BOOKED! We reserved a King bed with a view of the strip, instead we got a room with 2 Queen sized beds and a view of construction and an empty lot in the back.CASINO-- There was only one cocktail waitress going around in the section of slots I was in. Not fun when you want to get your drink on while gambling.-- I could do without the random cocktail waitress karaoke performances throughout the night. Just get off the stage and serve drinks, no wonder I can't find you guys!-- Small in comparison to the other casinos in Vegas.OH. And they also tried to charge us $45.00 in refreshments when we were checking out, saying that it was all from the mini-bar. WHAT THE HECK!? We just touched it, joking about opening a beer and filling it up with water after we finished it, then putting it in back. They must have charged us for the joke. In the end, they took it off.. but still!? We didn't even have one thing from there.. how are they going to claim we took 7 items?
3	Stayed here many times for free over the past several years as we are a part of their players club.  Overall, a decent hotel, clean too, so long as you know which building to stay in.  Stay away from their buffet if you are into quality food, not just quantity.  The pool is a little murky and the pool staff does not do a good job of cleaning up after it's guests (i.e. throwing away bottles and plastic cups laying around the pools and the lounge chairs etc.).Here are some tips for future guests:1. If you are going to stay in this hotel, please be sure you request to stay in the Impanema building, which is the older/original hotel.  Unlike the the rooms in the newer building, these rooms have been renovated within the past 10 years, cleaner and more modern and well kept.  They are pretty spacious too!2. It is better to self park than to use the valet as their valet can be a little slow at times.3.  Stay away from the All American Bar and Grille inside the hotel.  Food is gross and staff was unhelpful.  I dined here once at 3 am and they had no customers, yet the service lagged and the food was gross.
4	love stay here!!! This place has great resort feel and huge rooms. There is a great sports-book here and quick cocktail waitresses. I am already planning my next trip to Vegas.
4	This place is awesome!Last week was my Mom's birthday, and what better way to celebrate her big day with a surprise in Vegas.I am an only child, so I love spending all the time I can with my parents. I could think of no better way than hang in luxury in a suite.The Rio was pretty awesome! We had a 19th floor luxury suite that faced the strip. Caesar's Palace, Bellagio, Wynn, Paris. We could see it all!The dining area and living room was huge. We had two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a ridiculous living room and my favorite part....a wet bar, with keurig coffee maker :)The rooms are well-maintained (at least on this floor, and in the ipanema tower), and the rates are pretty reasonable. The staff is very accommodating.If I need to stay near the strip, this would be a good option.Nice work, Rio! Thanks for making my Mom's birthday stay an enjoyable one.
4	This is my favorite hotel to stay in when I come to Vegas. The rooms are spacious and very clean. We always get great service. They offer a mid day show for free (bunch of half naked women dancing on the ceiling!)  Its got a Mardi Gras feel to it. One of my fav Vegas clubs is Voo  Doo located here! My only complaint is the buffet, called Worlds Buffet. I've  only eaten it once...but that was enough to know I won't come back to it! At first I thought it was because I was hungover but I wasn't the only one in the group who felt this way. After hearing about how great it was  I was pretty excited, I mean you can eat food from ANY ethnicity in one place!...SIKE! It was gross, tasted like microwave dinners. My suggestion is to stick to the hotel. It's a little far from the strip (not by much) but Vegas was ment to be an adventure right!?!! :)
5	Everyone told me the Rio was outdated. They are crazy! We had a straight pimped out room with king bed. The next day the convention was easy as pie to get around and the staff were very helpful. I really enjoyed my stay here. :)
3	I have to admit, my expectations were low for my two night- conference related stay @RioVegas . I was pleasantly surprised at the size and quality of the room.It was nice having coffee just outside the elevators in the morning as well.  Starbucks right there.  Caffeinate me.They did not do the greatest job on the conference lunches but if you're not having a conference here you're fine.Overall, I would stay here again...that's the bottom line.
3	Clean, but showing it's age.We stayed in the Masquerade Tower.  Our room was large, with a couch, had a fridge (in addition to the honor fridge) and a room safe which I like so you can have a place to securely lock up your winnings (HA!).   The carpet had a big stain near the entrance and the sofa had a few small stains as well.  There were also cigarette burns in it.  They also haven't upgraded to flat screen TV's yet (at least in our room).  The bed was on the firm side and slightly uncomfortable.  I found the pillows also firm and flat.  Needless to say, I didn't sleep well.  A weird thing, but both rolls of toilet paper only had less than and 1/8 of the roll left and there was no spare. You would have thought at least one of the rolls would have been changed.Went to the Seafood Buffet, which is another review.  Played a little in the casino and did OK.  Also walked next door to the Gold Coast casino the next morning to play.This was weekday so we didn't see any of the overhead shows they do in the casino, but I've seen them before and they are fun and free!In the end, except being a little far from the strip, (they do have a shuttle to take you to Planet Hollywood), it was OK.  Would like to see them upgrade their rooms in the next few years to help make it a fist class hotel, but then, who goes to Vegas to spend time in their hotel room?
3	Just got back from frozen fury. (F the av's).. Anywho, we stayed at the Rio all suites. The rooms are very spacious. It had a fridge and and other helpful hotel stuff. We had a view of the pool and the strip which was nice. The casino part is pretty small compared to all the major resorts out there. The pool area was big. They had sand beach's and little grotto's all around. They also have a topless pool however all I saw entering was old men :(    The cons would be we had a room that joined the one next to us. The door in between wasn't quite flush to the ground so it sounded like our neighbors were in our room! It didn't help that they were butt holes either. Also if you wanted coffee in your room you had to buy it from the vending machines. And if you have a room facing the pool in between 10am & 6pm They play bass thumping party music that we could hear all the way up on the 26th floor. If you have the inevitable Vegas hangover you will want to have a sniper riffle and pick off the DJ.   Besides that I'd recommend the Rio all suites. They always have deals on rooms. They have free shuttles to the strip. It's walking distance to the Palms. All the restaurants were pretty good. The roof top bar "Voodoo" has AMAZING views! And Penn & Teller perform there.
3	I have stayed here twice and would stay again.  The rooms are really big, for being their standard two bedroom queen.  We had 4 people in our room and it was very comfortable and didn't seem crowded.The unrenovated rooms look a little worked over but for the price, you can't beat it.  It is a suite and comes with a couch, fridge, seperate bathroom and changing area.  I didn't like that the hallways look like they haven't been taken care of in a year, or so.  Someone dropped a drink in the hallway, we were walking down the hall the next evening and it was still laying there.  Even worse, two days later when we were leaving, it was still there.  I love that they have a free shuttle from their hotel to Bally's/Paris and Harrah's and back.  This shuttle even runs until 1am.  Bonus.I recommend signing up for the Harrah's Reward Card.  You don't have to get a bungy chord for it but you do get great perks if you gamble.  My friends and I just had a comp'd night.  Holler.I do like a couple of their bars as well.  I recommend McFaddens for a few reasons.  1.  They might be the only bar in Vegas that serves Smithwicks.  2.  Their bar food is actually really good.  3.  Beer pong.  My friends and I also enjoyed the VooDoo Lounge and iBar.I do recommend swinging into Burger King for drunk dinner.  You can substitute a beer for soda.We didn't pay for the upgraded room so in addition to our downgraded room, we got a downgraded view of the roof and a lot of satellite dishes.  But, it is a much better view than the one from my desk.
3	This hotel is always great if you come with a big group.. because the rooms are all suites.  you are also away from the crowded strip and you get a big room!!!  Taxi fares to the strip isn't much.. And the hotel has the great world and seafood buffet so you can purchase the 24hour buffet pass and eat all day! If you have the total rewards card, you can get really cheap or free rooms here if you gamble pretty often.
3	I've been to the Rio before but never stayed there until now. I have to say it looks like they've improved it.  It's pretty good It has such a party atmosphere and is a really great place to stay if you want to avoid being on the strip.The rooms were pretty clean, I mean they're nothing like other rooms, but they have great deals, especially on suites. Their suites are pretty big so they're nice if you are staying with a lot of people or you want to hang out in your hotel room before going out.The pools are really awesome and the waitresses are super nice! It is also a pretty easy hotel to get around.Unfortunately, I did not like their bars or restaurants too much. I wish they'd bring some better places in.It wasn't as smokey as some of the other hotels.There are better hotels in Vegas for sure but I'd stay here again if the price was right.
4	Growing up, Vegas was always the family vacation destination.and that was back in the 80's when the "family" portion of Vegas consisted of a small room with about 8 arcade machines and a bill changer.  Pops would give us 10 bucks and expect it to last all day while he Gamed in his own way...With that said, Pops is Diamond at the Rio now, so his rooms are free (well free with gambling ;) ).  This is the spot we typically stay at when in town.  when he cant score us a room at the Rio we (my fam, brother, sister, etc) stay across the street at Gold Coast.Rio is a hip spot.  They've re imaged it several times since it was open, sticking with the Carnival theme.  The Cocktail Waitress costumes changed several times also but usually centers around a set of tits in a thongish leotard.  Gotta love Vegas.The place is very busy but big enough that its easy to find the entertainment you're looking for.I wasn't impressed with the buffet this last trip, in my opinion they're trying too hard to be too many things to too many different people. but that's probably another review...Overall, the Rio feels like home, maybe because I spent alot of time there.  I recommend it.word.
3	I like to think of the Rio as the ugly stepchild of all of the Harrah's group casinos. It's old and awkward and just underwhelming in so many ways.But, nonetheless, I find myself exploring the Rio fairly often as it is frequently the chosen location of political events (Jefferson-Jackson dinner, Netroots, etc.). So I've seen far more than I ever wanted to of their various conference rooms, etc. I do have to admit, though, that the whole conference / meeting area isn't so bad - well taken care, good restrooms, and easy access to outside.The restaurants are lackluster, the pool is ok, the rooms are whatever, there are male cocktail servers, the show in the sky thingy is fun to do once, the random girls dancing around the casino floor on platforms are amusing, etc.However, I can never set foot in the Rio without thinking of one particular night a couple years back - and this pretty much sums up what the Rio is like. Left unattended when my friend went to the restroom, I was approached, whilst sitting at a slot machine playing (and wearing a rather conservative outfit), and asked "how much?". Yeah, seriously. I move to another location. Same guy, same question. Move again. Same thing. Move to the bar and tell the bartender. "Oh yeah, that guy. He does that all the time. That's just kind of what happens around here." I was at a loss for words.So yeah, can't say I would go out of my way to patronize the Rio. However, I can't really quite give it just 2 stars either. And hey, if you are in the market for a lady of the night, I guess the Rio is the place for you to prowl.
3	Although the Rio isn't the newest hotel out there, there is still allot to do here. Voodoo lounge and Penn & teller are a must!!! Mcfaddens serves GREAT Irish Car Bombs and bar food.
4	Great Place, I like the International Buffet but stay away from the Seafood Buffet.
4	I've been staying at the Rio for a numerous time. The rates here is affordable. Every regular room is a suite basically. It comes with either a one or two bedroom and also a pull out sofa bed. It also comes with a mini bar/fridge and a safe. Big bathroom as well. you can try:smartervegas.com or www.efxvip.com for cheap rates.
3	Pros: -A lot of food selection IE. All American Grill-Rooms were pretty large and clean. -Short tower is the better of the two towers-Diamond Lounge is awesome, free drinks and food (Diamond members only)-Very nice pool areaCons:-Valet took forever / both picking up and dropping off my car-Crown Club is a joke!! (looked like I was at Compton High's Prom)-Games were on the older side-The Bartenders were cheap asses...The first night they told me I had to bet more then 25 cents per hand to get free drinks. I started to bet 75cents. The next day a different bartender said I need to bet $1.25 to get the free drinks. Wow...what a joke.
3	I would have to say my favorite thing about the Rio is the adults only pool. Yes, you can go topless, but that's not why I liked it. I liked it because I find it disturbing that people bring their children to casino/hotels which then forces me to be surrounded by the little buggers. Look, kids are great but they do NOT belong in a Vegas casino. It's filled with smoke, assholes like me are swearing and drinking and generally being obnoxious, and let's not forget about the half naked servers. Yea, that's exactly what your 10 year old child should be exposed to...asshats.Anyway, I digress. The pool area was perfect. My pals and I spent a large amount of time lounging in the hot tubs and enjoying the waterfalls in the adult section. The hotel itself is off the main drag and it's a hot hike over the expressway to get to where the action is. Luckily one of my hotelmates rented a car, so it was easier for us to get around. They did require a credit card at check in to pay for the room up front, which I found very odd. The food offerings are decent but not amazing. The gambling action is standard. The rooms are clean and spacious but there isn't much of a view from many of the rooms. We also had a hell of a time getting any towels delivered on a Saturday. We called 3 times over the course of 2 hours and never saw any. (Boo to that!) Overall, it's a nice place, but I'd rather be on main strip next time.
4	Just off the strip, this is a fine, older type of hotel. The rooms are very nice, the price is good and the staff are quite nice. Three pools which can be cold but cater to different types of folks. No river pool, however. Best seafood buffet in Vegas!
1	This was my second stay at the Rio.  Two years ago, we really enjoyed our stay.  This year.... not so much.  We'd requested a smoking room, waited 2 hours, and still didn't get the room we'd reserved.  Got to the room, the safe didn't work, make-up mirror was broken and there was electrical tape repairing the carpet.  When I called about the safe, I was told I should have been told upon check-in (NOT).  When I complained (because, really, I didn't want to carry all my cash around Vegas), management's response was pretty much non-existant.  Overall service was just so-so (except for the spa).  Too many hotels in Vegas to put up with attitude.
5	Always enjoy this hotel when we stay here. Huge rooms and close to the strip. Just play a little and you get comped rooms next time you come. We got married in Vegas in August 2011 and our wedding party stayed here and had no complaints.
1	One star for the I really don't give a damn attitude of the staff at check in.I made a reservation and questioned the agent extensively about the pool as my 9 year old son was going to be with me.  I knew part of the pool area was topless from previous visits but being an adult it didn't matter to me. I made sure he could use part of it, play under the waterfalls etc.  Sounded great and I made the reservation.Upon arrival TWO days after making the reservation I was told upon check in that the pool was CLOSED for the season.  The front desk person appeared not to care.  I said the ONLY reason we had chosen to stay there was because of the pool.  They would not move me to another property that had a pool or let me cancel my reservation.I was mad and still am.Yeah, the rooms were clean.  We all know that by "suite" the Rio really means big room.  Not a room with a separate bedroom and living area.  Whatever.  This was not my first time to stay here but I feel it was my last.  It's amazing how just one poor employee can ruin it for a business.
3	What can I say about Rio? I hate their Masquerade Tower---too outdate, too hideous. I felt so stuck, like I never wanted to leave the room because the decor just put me in a bad mood and inhibited me (yeah I know, backwards).  Ipanema Tower is not so bad but get a mountain view because a strip view will make you subject to the loud music coming from the pool. Ugh!One thing that's extra special about the Rio is their pool. PHENOMENAL They have a super cold one with a beautiful oyster, a nice adult section, two warm pools, one with sand and a big rock and another a simple swimming pool. Fantastic. I would go to Rio just for their pool. Otherwise, I felt nickel and dimed. I would go to VooDoo and Crown if I am staying at Rio but otherwise I would have no desire. I did not really like the show options that Rio had. I did not have a lot of fun at Rio but I felt like others were. So I gave it 3 stars...to be fair.
2	I stayed at the Rio for almost a week last August while attending the Star Trek convention. This was the first year the convention was held at the Rio after moving from the Hilton. There were pros and cons.Pros:- The suites are definitely large, but our room in the Masquerade Suites either hadn't been renovated, or remained a fixture of the 1970s. CRT TVs and old carpet. This was definitely the most out-dated room I've stayed in in Vegas (compared to the Luxor Towers, MGM, and Hilton.) Despite stepping into the past, the larger room is definitely a plus; it just wasn't what was advertised on the web site (at all.) - The overall atmosphere of the casino is much more energetic than the Hilton. It has a nice show, shopping, and dining area (towards the Masquerade towers). Two Starbucks and a fair amount of restaurants. - They offered Zumba classes, which my room mate took part in. They were held outside in the pool area and while I never made it down to the pool, I liked how many pools they had. - Convention space was HUGE. Sadly, the main hall and vendor's room were spaced pretty far apart (not bad since I don't mind the walk, but I did feel bad for cosplayers in difficult costumes or hells.) Cons:- Of the few casinos I've stayed in in Vegas, the Rio was the only one that made me sick. I'm not sure if it was poor ventilation or old carpet, but despite all casinos allowing smoke, it has never affected me as much as it did in August. I woke up hoarse every morning and had the sniffles every day (not a full blown cold, but similar to an allergy, although I have none.) - Though there were a variety of restaurants, they're all open varied hours and the food wasn't superb at any of them. I didn't get a chance to try the famous Carnival Buffet (when I did walk by, it was PACKED) but the breakfast buffet was formidable. The seafood buffet restaurant was meh. We ate at the breakfast restaurant several times and it probably had the best food to choose from, but is breakfast only. My room mate sampled the seafood restaurant and wasn't impressed with it either. - Again, the outdated rooms could have been better.- Shuttle system wasn't spectacular, either.if I'm able to attend the convention again next year, I'd only stay at the Rio again out of convenience (and unreliability of the shuttle). Fortunately they've got that going for them, but I wouldn't stay here for any other reason.
4	Super late check in and got upgraded to the PENT HOUSE!Two levelsGrand piano where I got my Alicia Keys onOne bedroom overlooking the living room downstairsTwo bathrooms, one massiveTVs IN the mirrors of the main bathroomJacuzzi tub which I floated in while watching TVWindows reaching from the bottom level to the second level's ceilingJust simply amazing! When I got home, I checked their website to see how much this would normally run for. The pent house wasn't even listed to normally reserve.Talk about VIP status!
4	My boyfriend and I are Total Rewards members and used our comps to stay at the Rio. Our stay was November 5 to the 10th. I paid $67 for the whole week. I gave 4 stars because this was our first time staying at this hotel and can't compare it to any previous stays there.We flew in on the 4th and check-in isn't until 4 p.m. the next day. We decided to try anyway and learned we would have to pay a hundred something for Friday since their cycle doesn't start over till the check-in time. That was okay. I had family living 20 minutes away whose house we could crash at. The young lady who assisted us at the counter was very pleasant.Fast forward to 4 p.m. The young lady that helped us the night before was still working! Poor thing. But it was a gentleman who checked us in and was just as pleasant. We chose not to get an upgrade of a renovated room with a view of the strip. Our suite was in the Masquerade Tower on the eighth floor. It was a pretty large size. After walking taking a tour of the room, I sat down on the bed and realized the pictures on the website did not match what we have. The photos on the website were of the renovated rooms. I couldn't really complain, especially for $67. We still did have a view of the strip, though. (See attached photo). The couch was a little tattered on one corner. The drain in the shower was slow draining. One end of the towel rack on the shower door fell off when I hung a towel, but was easily fixed. TV is old school style. Still, I cannot complain. We were mostly happy with having a refrigerator and the room was clean. Housekeeping did a good job whenever we asked for room service. She even gave us extra shampoo and soap eventhough we weren't really using them. I ordered in-room breakfast and the man who served us was very nice. I would definately stay here again.
4	There is best show in Las Vegas. It is also free!
4	I went into this experience having read other reviews and I was expecting to get an outdated room with less than desirable conditions, however I was surprised and we had a hell of a deal. I was staying for a convention and had a rate of $45 a night. My husband and I got a newly furnished room on the 16th floor. I LOVED the dressing area outside the bathroom.  The rooms were spacious, well lit, and comfortable.  The casino is off the strip by the palms and the gold coast.  There was enough inside the casino to keep entertained before and after the seminar I was attending, and a free shuttle to the other properties (paris, ballys, etc) for when you wanted something different. I had a memorable experience - I was there over veteran's day and they were hosting a marine corps ball. Seeing everyone in uniform was quite the experience over veterans day. The seafood buffet was great, there are ample starbucks and bars inside the property as well.  I would definitely stay here again, and I was, like I said, apprehensive to begin with. For the price, we definitely got our money's worth and more.
3	Pros:Clean HotelHuge RoomsCheap RatesGreat Food and Dining OptionsAmple ParkingGreat ServiceCons:Away from Strip. taxi will usually run about $8-10 bucks but I heard they do have shuttle service to the stripHigh Minimum's on Table GamesRooms are far away from the parking lot I would probably stay here again but next time I would definitely stay on the strip!
4	First time staying at the Rio in their suites and it certainly lived up to its comfy reputation.  The couch, coffee table, desk, and bathroom was very well spread out.  The furniture and beds certainly have had better days but if square footage and elbow room is what you are looking for, then Rio covers this in spades.  Having two sinks in the bathroom was nice but no fan inside the shower/toilet room.  Wireless internet and 3G coverage on AT&T was crappy from our 5th floor room.  I have a theory that hotels weaken 3G coverage to force guests to buy their wireless internet...watch and find out one day when I get proof!Love their center bar with the dancing hosts and all.  The Masquerade part with the open ceiling was nicer than the cramped gambling area inside where the ceiling was super low.  The self parking lot was a quite bit away from the casino.  I parked on the 2nd floor and walked to the casino entrance from the ground level.  They also have a 4th floor walkway as well but I didn't want to bother going down an escalator just to get to my car.Gambling wise, no cheap tables here even during the early early morning hours.  The waitresses here were pretty good about drink orders.  During peak times, they used iPads to take down our orders.  For $120 per night, no resort fees(big plus), I can certainly do worse for a Saturday and Sunday visit.  I've always been a fan of the seafood buffet but they offer no coupons for hotel guests so staying here isn't really an advantage besides convenience.  I'm on the fence if I do stay here again...
2	Overall.....not great. First thing we stayed 2 nights and never received maid service.....returned to the room @9:30 PM and no maid. Second the door NEVER locked. NEVER.  We didn't learn of this until the last evening when it didn't matter. The light on the door when you put in your key, didn't light, and I just pushed the handle. When it opened I thought the light was broke.....not the lock. As far as restaurants were concerned......again not great, American Bar and Grill, not bad, expensive, but nothing special. No gambling as the cheapest Black Jack table was $15.00 min.  Too expensive for a Monday evening.
4	Rio has very slow elevator, when it's busy you may need to wait for a long time.we stayed at the honeymoon suite. it has two living room and 1 dining room.the Jacuzzi bath tub is almost in the room because there no wall between the bathroom and bedroom. separate room for toilet and shower. and one more half bathroom in the living room.this will be a room I want to come back for.
5	This place is actually a lot better than I had expected.  When I first learned that I was gonig to the RIO for my girlfriends bachelorette party, I thought...the RIO is so far from the strip, we wouldnt be able to walk to any clubs and it sounds like a dingy place.  But I was wrong...and it wouldn't be the first time.  Our suite room was spacious, we were provided an extra rollaway bed since we had so many girls and there were more outlets in the place than the venetian suites.  Theere were 2 sinks, one outside and inside the bathroom which were extremely convenient for a big group of girls.  Furthermore there was a fridge in addition to the minibar so we could keep our alcohol cold instead of filling a tub full of ice :)Cab fares were about $12 each way to the strip...lets say RIO to cosmopolitan which isnt bad at all.  Bottom line...if you're tight on budget but still want to have a nice convenient room for a cheaper price...come to RIO.Oh and if youre with a group of girls...watch chippendales!  sooo in love.
2	I loved this place 10 years ago but it's slipped a lot since then, I stayed the 1st weekend of December 2011 and the place is looking tired. 1st off what dumb ass closes the pool and hot tub from November through March????? Really??? The snotty desk clerk told me I was welcome to use the hot tub at one of their sister properties on the strip though!!!! F Off!!! The desk staff was horrible, valet is totally understaffed for the volume of business they get so you wait to drop off your car and a LONG time to pick it up. I will say the wait staff as well as the casino staff were very friendly and on the ball. I will go back to Mandalay or Caesars next time.
4	We decided to stay off the strip this time around. We wanted to relax more, without all the crowds. Plus the rooms were a lot cheaper, so we put the extra money we saved on a rental car. We drove everywhere, so we didn't have to walk as much. It was pretty cool, because it didn't take us forever to get to one location to another. Especially when we went out at night, instead of getting a taxi, we hopped into our car.  I was very pleased with the room, it was fancy, but huge and comfortable compare to other Vegas trips I have been on. Only problem was that we booked for double beds and they were only able to give us a King bed, but there was a pull out couch. The food choices was okay. We went back on the strip to eat though, but the bar at the pool was pretty cool. The pools wasn't crowded like the other casinos, plus they had a DJ playing music and the bar was open. It was a nice day at the pool.When I come back to Vegas, I'll come back to RIO and stay, if I want to rent a car.
5	Five star hotel.  Beautiful rooms and accommodations.  Great buffet.  I go to Vegas three times a year.  I like to play the video poker and never win and loose a ton of money, but love to stay here.  The pool and spa areas are nice.  They have a lot of good restaurants.  The voodoo lounge has a great view of Las Vegas.  This is my place to stay and play in Las Vegas.
4	My first time staying at the Rio and I just was amazed at how great the service was. Yes this place looks like it is still in the 80's with that ugly color on the outside but the rooms in the inside weren't bad at all. Got comped rooms at the Rio a queen bed that also allowed our doggy. It wasn't a bad place to stay and I was actually really surprised! Also we got two free cute doggie bowls for our new puppy. He loved them! Stayed for the weekend had a great time and everything was free what else can I ask for? :) The only thing that I would suggest is not to valet your car because the self park seems much faster to get to the hotel. Also they do have a lot of these weird shows which half naked girls are dancing in what seems like underwear. A lot of people were looking at it. The music was good though. :) So no complaints on my end.
2	What is great about the Rio:  The room size and lay out.  The rooms are larger than standard strip rooms, and now the price point makes this place a great value.  It is off strip - but barely (by car or taxi).  There are shuttles run by Caesar's Ent to it's strip properties - so you can save a little on taxi's.  The pool is still great but it now has been upstaged by other properties - MGM, Palms, Hard Rock and Mandalay Bay. What is not so great:  The staff attitude and food quality is mediocre.
4	I came to Vegas for The Super Nationals Go-Karting Event which was in the Rio parking lot. I got a good view of the race track too  :)This was good for a few night stay. The rooms where nice and clean. And restraunts were only okay. But I enjoyed my stay watching the race and having the Starbucks in the hotel. ~ Overall, a HIGH 4 Star review
5	Went here for a 4 night stay and loved it. Very easy to access from the 15 fwy and not far from the strip. If you wanted to, you could walk there or take a shuttle to one of the other Harrah's owned casinos.We checked in on wednesday and didn't have to wait long to get a room (I know, it was a wednesday) but other places i've stayed at also had 1 or 2 people at the hotel registration when Rio had 4 people. Our luggage was brought up to us and the bellboy was very helpful in giving us some recommendation in and out of the casino for dining and shows.After the second day, we had our room cleaned and towels replaced and came back to see that the change we accidentally left out (about 20-30 dollars) and a nintendo DS was still in our room.I ended up playing mostly blackjack and craps and decided prior to our trip that i was going to make the most out of this vacation so i was very pleased to see the waitress coming 4-5 mins after i ordered my drink and the person taking orders came by every 15 mins. As far as I can remember, they were on time or a couple mins late each round and we ordered EVERY round lol.Buffet was delicious of course but I remember them serving crab legs that didn't crumble on you the last time I ate here. Ribs and Prime rib were mm mmm mmmm!Only thing missing from this place is the lack of activity in the Masquerade section. We brought our kids so we were expecting to see that show every hour or be able to hang out at McFaddens but the bar was closed (permanently?) and no shows happened for a few days.Definitely staying here again next time!
2	I'm sure you can do a lot worse in Vegas, but I was a bit disappointed in my stay at the Rio. Maybe my expectations of the Rio are outdated, just like their room decor. Seriously, avoid the Masquerade Towers... at least the 19th floor, unless you're craving extreme nostalgia from the early 90's. Sparsely decorated room, hideous drapes, worn out couch, CRT TV, and a toilet that moves when you sit on it. Totally misrepresented by the pictures on their website. I'll give it its size though, but really the rest of it made me not want to be in the room that much. Plus for having an empty fridge for personal items. Majority table limits were $10 minimum too, even in the mornings. Maybe check out Gold Coast next door if you're looking for cheaper tables. The free shuttle to Bally's or Harrah's is convenient and definitely welcome, considering Rio isn't really walking distance to anything. It runs 10am-1am every 30 min. Also, the Show in the Sky wasn't performing the weekend we were there either. Kind of hard pressed to recommend staying here unless you score an awesome deal or are getting comped.
4	5 stars for being pet friendly without charging extrastayed @ Rio for 2 nights during Thanksgiving wknd.They have petstay rooms where you can have 2 small dogs. (2 schnauzers)pretty big room (around 600 sq ft) and nice grass area beside the parking structure for dogs do their business.had a problem with a barking dog next door but they called the owner and no more barking.don't like the smell of smoke but not much you can do, it's Vegas.Paid about $170 for 2 nights but  just found out I have comp rooms available  already. I only played machines for few hours.
5	Great place; have stayed here about five times. Ask for one of the rooms in the tower, great bathtub, loads of room. Even "mountain view" rooms have impressive Vegas night-light views.
3	very mixed bag, here.stayed 3 nights - first of which in an unrenovated room in the Ipanema tower.  Not impressed.  Bed sucked, and glasswear was dirty.  Check-in dude told us to come back next day to get a new room.We came back down the next day and talked to someone else who gave us a strip-view in the Masquerade Tower, and it was much nicer.  I enjoyed this tower more - even though I heard some rooms in the Ipanema were renovated more recently.  But, why was glasswear in this tower dirty, too?!?!  Rooms are hella big when compared to basic rooms everywhere else in Vegas.  Ceiling to floor windows, as well.  Nice.Free shuttle to strip is a great option.  used it several times.  tip them a buck or two.Slots seemed about average in terms of return.  Certainly better than the Cosmo.Sports book was surprisingly decent.  Nothing great, but you can definitely live with it if staying here.Unfortunately, their free evening show in the Masquerade Tower area was off the three nights we were there.  The big head is pretty disturbing looking, tho.Four stars for room, but knocked down due to dirty items in it... plus the old rooms at Ipanema.3 stars for Casino in general... just doesn't have a very energetic vibe.For the money, it's hard to beat since you get a free shuttle to the strip that runs fairly often.
2	Friendly, accommodating and fun are 3 words that I would use to describe the Rio. The rooms are big, the staff was welcoming (BIG thanks for letting us check in early!) and I loved the party atmosphere.  Though the Rio is off the strip, they have shuttles that run back and forth from 10 AM - 1 AM.  So why only 2 stars? Well, for starters, when we arrived, we were told that since we had pre-paid for our room, they were going to put an $800 hold on our card. We were floored that there would be such a huge hold on the card and asked the receptionist again. Yep, $800 hold!  Yikes! Luckily, we were able to use another card while we were there, but this could have put a huge damper on our trip, for sure. The weird thing was that when we checked out, we were told there was only a $100 hold on the card. We've contacted our bank and are still unsure of the actual amount held.Aside from this, much like some of the other reviewers noted, the housekeeping was lacking. The room itself was pretty clean, but the hallways were just gross. They would leave food sitting outside of the rooms for an entire day. There were also dirty band-aids and floss littered about the hall. The outside area of the hotel where the shuttles pick you up smells like a dumpster as well.I hope the Rio reads some of these reviews and fixes  these issues. This was my very first time in Vegas and I ended up wishing I had chosen another hotel for my inaugural trip. The staff was so friendly at the Rio and I really wanted to give them a higher rating. I will be watching these reviews to see if they improve.
4	Definitely the best value for your money in Vegas.  Newer than most hotels on the Strip and boasts the buffet in town.  Also has a convenient shuttle that takes you to and from the Strip (Harrah's).  Everything here is perfect except for shower water pressure.
2	I remember when the RIO used to ROCK harder than any other hotel casino in town, but this way waaayyyy back in the late 90's.  It's sad to see what was such a grand dame age so poorly.Rooms are large but completely outdated without flatscreens.  Carpet, drapes and bathrooms are in desperate need of updating, and I saw many worn out and taped spots on casino floor.  Harrah's bought and paid a fortune for this property and are obviously trying to milk every single cent out of it.  It's sad, and only stayed here on NYE because I waited too long to book at the places I normally stay at like ARIA and the Wynn.  Restaurants weren't great back in the 90's and still aren't very good, although the burger I had at the American Grill was really tasty.  No good looking people stay here and the cheese factor has definitely been turned up with bikini clad chicks singing karaoke on top of the slot machines.Definitely wouldn't be coming back here!
2	Feel mixed about this place.  Can be very fun but the rooms are a gamble.  You never know if its join to be okay or or not.  The worst thing is that I get a sinus infection every time I go... the non smoking rooms even seem like you are in an ash tray.  Or maybe the ventilation just needs cleaning.  It unfortunate since the rest of the place can be tons of fun
3	I first stayed at this hotel for my 22rd birthday with some friends. At the time, this was one of the top hotel/suites to stay in along with the Palms. I loved everything about it. An awesome buffet, starbucks, gambling, clubbing ECT. 8 years later the boyfriend and I return to stay here for a night. Welll actually we booked this for a "napping place" before heading home, but instead stayed an extra night in Vegas. The Rio does have some amazing deals on the weekday. If I can remember, it was $ 55.00 for a night. In addition, they do not charge a resort fee like the other hotels do, which makes it a hell of a deal. Make sure you have a Total Rewards card the more points on that baby that better you will be later on. However, with such a good deal comes the pit falls.......................When we arrived, a tour bus just let off a bunch of international tourists who had just came in from the airport and were eager to start their own Vegas experience. So picture this, a full lobby swarming with adults, kids, and granny's all with their luggage waiting to check in. Since I am such an amazing girlfriend, I let Minh stand in line to check us in while I watched our stuff.It seemed like the staff at the Rio was working double time to get everyone checked in and moving onto their rooms. It probably took Minh about 20mins or so to get everything squared away and we were off to our room.Our suite was on the fourth room, okay not too bad. Highlights included:-600 square feet of spaciousness-Floor to ceiling windows. Our view was of the delivery area (awesome) at least we have curtains to cover that up!-Lounge area (One chair and a couch that turns into a bed)-25" Television. You have to pull it out and twist it around to watch TV in bed. Make sure you push it back into the entertainment center otherwise; you will knock yourself out walking into it in the middle of the night. -Normal king size bed, with a down comforter and some flat pillowsNow the not so great things:-Super paper-thin walls. They were so thin that we could hear our neighbor to the left of us sneeze and cough.-The guest who stayed to the right of us setting the alarm clock and it going off while they were not in the room. We were woken up to the beeping of the clock, which went on for almost 2 hours before we figured it was the room to the right. Called the front desk who apologized and sent security right away to the room. Within 15seconds, all was quite again.-While lying in bed talking the guest staying above us must have had either a pet or a small child staying in the room. As we kept hearing marbles rolling around the floor at all hours of the night.-After coming back from having dinner with our friends and finally falling asleep around 4:45am I was woken up to the sounds of high heels clicking up and down the outside hallway. This went off and on for about an hour.-Around 6:00am our neighbors above us have a heavy footstep and I honestly feared my life as the ceiling above our bed creaked and made scary sounds. All I kept thinking was I was going to see feet poking out of the ceiling pretty soon.-Water pressure in the shower was horrible along with nonexistent hot water. -No free WIFI. It was a pay per day deal which kind of sucked!11:00am was our check out time. Minh and I are not early morning people but we were eager to get the heck out of this hotel fast! We were pretty much zombies driving back home!
2	The once great World Buffet now has become a thing of our past.  See separate review.  To make matters worse, the fun and frolic associated with the rest of the hotel was nowhere to be found on a MONDAY night.  The overhead ceiling parade of floats, not to mention juggling bartenders and other fun events, were all MIA.  Turns out, they are "dark" on Mondays.  Darn it.  We were hoping to improve upon the failed World Buffet experience and got jipped on that, too.  Rio, methinks we won't be visiting you anytime soon.  Sorry.
1	The Rio should change its name to The Favela. If you don't know what that is, go to Wikipedia and look it up. We were there for what was supposed to be a special occasion. This is definitely not my first foray into a casino. I've been to Vegas plenty of times, almost exclusively to Harrah's properties. My mother, a Diamond Club Total Rewards Member, arranged our stay as a gift for us through her casino host at Caesar's in Atlantic City, sight unseen. The Paris hotel was full that weekend, but we were assured that the Rio was just as faaaaabulous. If you're an Atlantic City person, you'll understand this reference: The Rio is about as fabulous as The Claridge.Valet: We arrived at 11 p.m. on a Thursday to a check in situation that left us sitting in our motionless vehicle for a good 45 minutes before we decided to take it upon ourselves to move our luggage ourselves. When one of the valets saw us "stealing" a luggage cart, he decided to stop talking to girls in the taxi stand line and help us the other 2 feet inside. Check In: Worse than Thanksgiving weekend airport security, ruder than TSA. We waited in the longest line I have ever seen at any casino check in. Naturally, we were overjoyed when our room turned out to be on the lucky 13th floor. REALLY...they have a 13th floor...in Las Vegas. We brushed it off until we got inside because again, our "suite" was supposedly fabulous. Maybe 19 years ago it was fabulous, but not anymore.Room #1: All I wanted to do when we arrived was take a bath, get a bite to eat, and go to bed. Our room was not the most modern, but we could deal with that. I'd still have to say the least appealing aspect of our room was the creepy, peep show window into the bathroom. Seriously, who wants to watch their suite-mate sit on the toilet?  The fact that the room was not clean was a deal breaker. Idea #1 was nixed as soon as I saw our filthy bathtub. The previous guest must have been a coal miner with the black ring around the inside of the tub. Then we noticed the broken light bulbs still in the sockets around the mirror and the broken doorbell. I was looking at the carpet and said out loud 'Ohhh I should vacuum.' before I caught myself and thought 'Vacuum?! I'm in a hotel!' When I called to request a change of room, the broken phone cord actually fell out of the phone. We finally got through to the front desk manager  who told us to tell the bellman that we were moving to a room on the 29th floor when he arrived with our luggage. The bellman would let us in, then someone would be up to the new room with a key shortly. Room #2: The new room was cleaner and a little more modern, but still with the creepy peep-show window onto the toilet. We waited 45 minutes for our new key to arrive before we decided to call the front desk again about the key because we were starving and it was now almost 2 a.m. Besides, if a key card takes almost an hour, how long would it be before we saw room service? We ventured down the the bloody awful and messy Whopper Bar, our only option, and ate our food amidst some low rent prostitutes resting their feet and catching naps.Back to the front desk again, it's now 3 a.m. and the line is even longer than when we arrived. I ended up walking up to the side of the counter and asking to speak with a manager. The clerk refuses to let me speak with the manager and then calls up a guest while I'm standing there who yells at me for getting in front of him on the line. The clerk actually goes to get the manager when I yelled back. Manager shows up with 2 keys for our now second room. Total time for check in: 4 hours. Another 20 minute wait for the elevator and we are finally in our room and in bed. We stayed a total of 2 nights, and with the exception of sleeping, spent as little time as possible in The Rio. We hit the buffet once because a friend of ours said that it was awesome when she lived in Vegas 5 years ago. It so wasn't. We didn't bother to drop a dime in the casino either. Any time in casinos or restaurants was spent at other Harrah's properties over on the strip. The Rio (or The Favela) sure left a bad taste in our mouths, and it wasn't just that Whopper.
3	Who would have thought the RIO has good food??? Every restaurant we ate at was delicious.
2	This Hotel is old, dingy, and needs to be renovated ASAP!I felt like I was in Reno , instead of Las Vegas....The hotel has ok food options, but the rooms were the most disappointing to me. PLEASE update your 1990s style ZENITH tube tv to a nice sleek Samsung flat screen!!!!!!!!!!!
5	We stay here every year on our trips to Vegas.  We have received excellent accomodations, and service each time.  We like the fact that it is off the strip just a bit.  This way we can ride the shuttle to the strip, but when we've had enough we can come back to a nice place and escale the madness.  We also enjoy the fact that it is just across the street from the Palms, another of our favorite places!
2	Old, dingy, smells like cigarettes. Big rooms... with old, non-LCD TVs for that retro feel! This place needs to be renovated badly. I didn't pay for the stay, so I can't say if the prices justify the overall crappiness of the place. The one saving grace is that it houses Penn & Teller. But I'd much rather have stayed in a hotel that has been updated in the last 20 years and take a cab to see Penn & Teller.
2	Can't complain much since the room was comped, but there are definitely nicer rooms out there. It's also kind of a hassle that it's significantly off the strip. Fairly spacious room, long couch, strange window in the shower that allows people to look in from the bedroom. Pretty much your basic amenities. You can also request for an extra bed, in which someone will graciously bring up.
4	Best bang for you buck!Took the family to Vegas and we enjoyed our stay at the RIO.  We booked it through TripRes and they threw in 2 free 24hr adult buffet at the RIO or any of the 7 hotels.The room was a huge suite with a wall of glass with a beautiful view.  The staff was very polite and friendly.  There are more expensive hotels to stay at but this suited us just fine.
4	This was my first time at the Rio although I go to Vegas 4-5 times a year. This trip was unplanned and I simply booked the least expensive room I could find for a quick trip. I was very happy with the Rio. The room was beautiful, the bed amazingly comfortable and the bathroom was excellent (plenty of towels, water pressure and lighting)Will definitely stay here again. Also, loved the American Bar & Grill at the hotel, please see separate review.
2	I have stayed at the Rio several times over the past few years. Each time was great, but that all changed with my most recent stay. My review is only for the ROOM, not the buffet, casino, or the casino floor shows. I went there for my birthday, Feb. 1, 2012, and we upgraded our reservation to the Masquerade Suite. Having stayed in the spacious apartment sized room (900 square feet, I think) with 360 degree views, a separate bedroom, huge living room and dining area, two bathrooms, a jacuzzi tub and TVs in the bedroom and living room,  I had high expectations, as our stay in October was wonderful. The room was clean, updated and lovely. Unfortunately, not all Masquerade Suites are created equal. First, I should have known anything on the thirteenth floor couldn't be good! I should have asked for another room immediately, however, I was ready to unpack, regroup and  get the party started.  My desire to start celebrating my birthday caused me to overlook the numerous flaws awaiting me as I came back to my room, ready for bed.To my dismay, the water took FOREVER to get hot and the shower door was unhinged and wouldn't close AT ALL. I was afraid to try and force it, because it felt like I would pull it off its hinges! Yikes!Then, I started noticing more and more issues one wouldn't want to find in the "luxury" suites. Now, I've stayed plenty of times in the regular suites and could overlook alot of this stuff, but when you're trying to upgrade a bit because of a special birthday event, willing to pay the extra bucks, you hope all the amenities will be there for you. This "luxury" suite was a DUMP!The carpet was stained and burned (and this was a non-smoking suite)....there was someone else's hotel key card and discarded arm band in between the cushions of the sofa (which leads me to believe the house keeping staff didn't clean and vacuum that sofa, right?)....the duvet on the bed didn't seem clean AT ALL....the mini fridge didn't work....and the twenty year old  CRT tv's were a joke. The remotes didn't work and the picture was awful. PLUS, it smelled pretty musty and the windows were filthy. The last Masquerade Suite I stayed in had better TV sets for sure and it was clean and in great repair....not so with this thirteenth floor dump. If I'm paying the big bucks for a fancy suite (fancy for Rio, anyway) I want to feel like I'm experiencing a degree of luxury! This thirteenth floor suite was not luxurious at all, and the hotel shouldn't charge the same for it as they do the nicer Masquerade Suites, because they absolutely do not compare.On the plus side, the bed was comfortable and the sheets were crisp and clean. Also, we had plenty of towels and two big closets with lots of hangers. Another thing I have observed at the Rio is the utter indifference the staff has if you complain about ANYTHING. When we said there was no hot water they just said to let it run a long time and acted totally annoyed that we dare complain that the shower wouldn't close! FAIL on that for sure.It was my birthday, and although I have heard that special celebrations will often garner upgrades, or a bottle of champagne, that has never been my experience at the Rio. I have spent three birthdays with them and no one ever did anything special or say "happy birthday" or ANYTHING! We don't even stay through the weekend because my birthday is always around the Super Bowl and we get out of Vegas at least by Saturday, so it's not a super busy time for the hotel. I'm surprised they didn't offer us a nicer room, because I'm sure they weren't booked.Despite being frequent guests, being Total Rewards members, paying for upgraded rooms when we could have had comped rooms, being nice, and tipping generously, Rio hasn't shown us any love lately!I will say that if you gamble there, the cocktail servers are attentive and sweet, but despite others saying how sexy the girls and guys are, I find them anything but! They just look like regular folks trying to make  living and I totally respect that!Bottom line, DO NOT take the Masquerade Suite on the thirteenth floor! It is not worth the money!!!! If you have comped rooms,go for one of those regular "suites" (I just say they are large rooms) but for something special, go somewhere else!I'm going to try Paris or Planet Hollywood next time we go. Rio used to be a favorite, but the rooms aren't what they used to be.
1	Hate this hotel.  It's old, no air-conditioning on the casino floor, dirty, damp and the guests here rude.  The room air conditioning is based on motion detection.  So, if you sleep motionless, you get no air.  Bottom line - never coming here again...
3	Rio is a nice hotel in Vegas... It is off the strip, but very near. (Only a few minutes away by driving)... Has good buffets and shows inside the hotel. Not the best I have seen in Vegas and that's why I give it 3 stars... By the way this is where the W.S.O.P (World Series of Poker) Tournament is held every year.
3	The suite was nice.  The view was wonderful.  The employees and customer service were great.  The only problem was that music could be heard late at night.  We were on the 37th floor so I guess the music was coming from the Voodoo Lounge.  I guess this would not be a problem if this was our going out Vegas trip.  This trip was our relaxation, early show trip.  We still had an enjoyable time.  Love the Diamond Lounge here. The fact that the Rio offers a free shuttle to the strip is great!
1	Generally overpriced in every fashion (even for Vegas).  Sub-par quality.The Good:Our front desk person seemed nice.  We got tons of free mardi gras beads.  The Bad:To me the Rio is the Lindsay Lohan of Vegas hotels:  once a hot and promising place for fun; now it just looks sad and weathered.  Rio Advertises itself as an "all suite" hotel with large rooms, but merely providing more of the same putrid carpet space to stare at while you wait for maintenance to come fix the hot water does not a "suite" make.My "suite" experience at the Rio officially started with me walking into the room and noticing the television bolted down and tilted in a fashion not viewable from the beds.  Not even a flat screen (let alone flat panel) television, this thing looked like a throwback to something from the 90's.  Here's a tip guys:  if my single, elderly, mother has a more state-of-the-art television in her living room than you have in your "suites," maybe it's time to upgrade.  Fortunately I was able to muster the strength to tilt this massive dinosaur to face the beds.  In addition to the television, I also noticed these "suites" didn't have many of the conveniences I have come to enjoy in suites from other hotels.  For example, often times hotel rooms (suites and non-suites) will have some type of semi-adequate sound system, or even an ipod docking station.  The closest thing our Rio "suite" had was one of those old fake-wood-paneling alarm clocks.  We didn't have much luck plugging our ipod into that.  The "suite" did have one of those newer coffee machines, however.  Unfortunately, we couldn't locate the coffee.   Were we supposed to purchase it from the mini bar?Then there was the plumbing.  Oh the plumbing...  The only thing more enjoyable than amassing a thick layer of "Vegas" across your skin after a long day of heavy gambling, drinking, and cruising, is not having hot water in your shower to wash it off.  At best, the water in our "suite" shower reached lukewarm.  I called maintenance and the front desk requesting assistance.  They said they would send someone up.  We never saw anyone come up, and the problem continued.  Furthermore, the bathtub backed up while we took showers, so we had the benefit of not only being showered with cold water, but also soaking in cold water as well.  Lucky us.  As if that weren't enough, our toilet in the "suite" hardly had any water going into the bowl.  This is great news for those of you out there planning a nice romantic weekend at the Rio; nothing gets you in the mood like going to the bathroom and seeing the fat dump your girlfriend left in there an hour ago.  The UglyWhen we called and asked to speak to the manager, she made it seem like it was our fault for not calling.  When I told her that we called and spoke with maintenance, she made it seem like it was our fault for not calling the front desk.  When I said that we did call the front desk, she made it seem like it was our fault for not calling the front desk a second time.  Seriously?  In summation, my experience at the Rio reminded me of that old Duran Duran song, "her name is Rio and she SUCKS!..."*Additional final thoughts:  the Rio is located off the strip, so you'll either have to fight the crowds and wait a substantial amount of time for the tram to the strip, drive yourself, cab it, or walk a considerable distance.  Either way it makes for an expensive and/or unfulfilling trip.  If you manage to fight the hoards and snag a seat in the shuttle, plan on a short night out, as the shuttle stops running relatively early.  Often times we felt stranded there because we didn't want to drink and drive and we couldn't get a shuttle.  Perhaps they count on people feeling trapped there, which is why they make their food so overpriced.Also...the clientele there seemed a little sketchy...my friend (a 49-year-old Filipino man) was openly verbally assaulted by a seemingly drunk woman on the first night we got there, merely because his wife sat down and played in an empty seat she had long-since left.  Security never came to stop her.  It was a little scary, and a lot ghetto...
1	I was all ready to post a detailed - and fairly good - review of the Rio that I had written on the plane home from Las Vegas last week.  Then I got home and looked at the room charge;  Rio over-charged me more than $100, and this was after I caught an incorrect $135 spa charge on my bill during check-out!Attempts to fix the situation have failed- even after their marketing company replied to a tweet I posted saying the wanted to help/fix the issue.  I've had to file a case with my credit card to have it reversed- that's not good service Rio.  (I'm also going to file a claim with the Better Business Bureau.)
3	it's ok.  too big for me.
3	We had a very nice and large room for the really good price we paid (around 37$ / night). The person at check-in didn't seem to care a lot about us though.The casino has no smoke-free area and  the room kinda smell of cigarette, even if it was a non smoking room.Also, you have to be careful not to touch the things in the mini-bar if you don't wan't to  be charged. Everything is magnetized and as soon as you lift it up from the shelf, you're charged even if you put it back without using it. The employee at check-out removed all the mini-bar charges (we were curious and lifted some of the things in the mini-bar) and she told us it happened a lot.We were disappointed the Indian restaurant was closed all the time we stayed there.
2	It is expensive because, hey, it's Vegas. But for future reference, pick a hotel on the strip. Or at least a hotel that is kept up on a daily basis. Enough said.
3	Have had success a two-deck blackjack. The servers are active so a cocktail is not out of the question. (ALWAYS tip when you get a free drink or win a couple hands or have some fun.) They have lots of locals perks, The Carnival World buffet is a great go and a deal for locals as are some of the shows. They created a bunch of pink parking for locals....oh you have to be a diamond player...okay they took away a bunch of the parking but still worth a go. easy to score a 2 fer so you can ride on a float in the masquerade show and throw beads at unsuspecting slot players. have gotten rooms on a local rate for as little as $19 and no resort fee (that was directed at mgm and station.) they have a good comedy venue and penn & teller. they have a good conference facility and shuttles that will drop you off at i think harrahs or ballys. (tip the driver...it is good blackjack karma)
3	Pros: Large room with double sink in bathroom, nice casino, pet friendly.Cons: Have to take a taxi to the strip, bed was super uncomfortable.
4	I left my IPhone charger in the room, called Lost and Found, got a call back within a few hours, they had it and mailed it to me....that is CUSTOMER SERVICE!  Stayed there President's Day weekend (February 17th and 18).  Got a great price and really like that all the rooms are suites.  Sure, it is off the strip, but the half hourly shuttle they offer  that drops you off at Bally's or Harrah's is great.  I also did the $50 Buffet deal where you get in and out privileges at the Caesars Group hotels (Rio, Planet Hollywood, Paris, etc).  Great Deal, and the Rio was a great buffet, and looking forward to the renovated Caesars Buffet to open.  No resort fees too!  Great place for the price.
3	This place is better than let's say...Circus Circus, but falls short compared to almost everywhere else on the strip. The seafood buffet is worth the visit alone, but it seems like your gambling bucks would be better spent at any of the other wonderful locations on the strip. This place seems a little darker and slightly more sad than the rest. There was a guy shooting heroin in the bathroom offering fellatio for money.
2	I came here for my bday on 3/3/12. Sucky hotel. I would always go to the casino & buffet. So thought the rooms would be decent. But they sucked, huge crack on the ceiling above the bed that had been quickly patched. OLD freaking furniture & tv. OUTDATED. floss on the floor. Would NOT stay here again. Oh dropped my cell phone and checked back with security no1 seemed to find it. Security staff were assholes as well.I do love their buffet though
4	We checked in 3/3/12 and stayed for 3 nights completely comp from my Total Rewards.  This is our 3rd stay at the Rio.  Always had a great experience.  Front desk and concierge is always very helpful.  Rest of the staff were very polite.  Good morning, good afternoon, have a good night, good luck.  Wait staff even in the casino always introduce themselves.  Even though it takes forever to get a drink.  We stayed in the Inpanema tower.  Never in the Masquerade tower (rooms are outdated the times I've visited friends in that tower).  They still have tube tv's in the room.  Who cares, how much TV do you watch when you are in Vegas. It is a old hotel, don't expect rooms like the Wynn, Mandalay Bay, Vdara, Aria and other newer hotels. We were only in the room to sleep.  Did not use internet this time around because it is cheaper to pay your cell phone carrier $20 a month to use your iPhone or Android as a hotspot.  Reception and 3G is spotty in the hotel.  But thats in every hotel in Vegas even at the Wynn and Ceasers.  The Rio location is great if you don't want the hustle and bustle of the strip.  If you have a rental car, it is easy to get on the highway and close to Chinatown, outlets, Ethel M Chocolate Factory and etc.   Wish security was better.  No one to check your room key to get up to the rooms at night.  Someone can just follow you into the elevators. They run buffet specials for the locals for half off.  So, be ready to stand in line if you want to hit the buffet for dinner.  Sign up for their mobile alerts for deals.  We got one for $5.99 breakfast buffet Mon-Sun from 8-10am if you show the txt msg.  Overall....we are a fan of the Rio. Will definitely stay there again.
2	Old outdated rooms, my shower had luke warm water and I was told by hotel staff there was nothing they could do about it... and suggested I try running my sinks, flushing my toilet over and over and again to get hot water....Totally inept check in out staff or system.  I waited in 4 person line for 45 minutes to get a final billing statement.  Never coming back here again.
5	I stayed at the Rio when we went to Las Vegas to get married. The experience was great for the price! The rooms are a little out dated but this hotel is an older hotel. Wi-Fi is expensive for what you get I only paid for one day because it didnt seem worth the money. Be careful for the mini bar we pulled something out and put it back and got charged for it. The charge was removed at checkout.
3	I would actually give this casino 3.5 stars.  it was nice on the inside, I think the shows bring the traffic to the casino.  However, nice atmosphere.  Not alot of shops or food places.  However, I highly recommend the Whopper Bar.  The best Whopper sandwich I have had from a Burger King.
5	Came here twice by myself. Both times I got a free upgrade, the first being an upgrade to a higher-level suite, the second being an upgrade with a better view. I really like this hotel because it is away from the Strip which gives you a little more privacy. The great thing is that because it is not on the Strip, it is typically cheaper! No complaints with the room or housekeeping. Everyone I spoke to, the casino tellers, waiters, concierge, front desk, and housekeepers were polite and very nice-- though that could also be because I looked like I was 15 years old...darn my height!!However, I would say, as caution to the single female travelers, if a guy says hi to you, don't say hi back (unless you are looking for some fun...what goes on in Vegas, stays in Vegas, I suppose)! I was walking back to my room and a mid-20s guy greets me as I walk past him. I reply hi back, and then he says, "Wait", walks back to me, and says, "Hey, so what are you doing tonight? If you are free, do you want to go back to my room and hook up, or I can treat you at the bar for drinks?"I had the heart of a saint because I initially said no, but when I saw his crestfallen face, I decided to give him an ego boost and said, "Maybe, what room are you in? Okay, if I am interested, I'll stop by."See ladies? I am so nice...and then I promptly went back to my room and went to bed. But that said, yes, will definitely come back to Rio with a stern look on my face to ward young men off as I pass by them.
1	Stayed here as part of a package for a Hockey tournament.  Ugh.  Ghetto ugh.
4	Located off the strip at I-15 and Flamingo Across the freeway from Caesars Palace the Rio is a huge entertainment complex. I have stayed at The Rio 4 times while in Vegas. There are very cute waitresses and fun bartenders everythere throughout the property. The checkin has always run smoothly. The casino seems to always have something going on . Singers, Chippendale strippers signing autographs, etc. etc. From The the Show in the Sky to the Sexy Voodoo Beach, this place is fun! The I-Bar located right at front doors has awesome martini's and beautiful women in thongs serving them up to you! It can be hit or miss with the crowd. For dining options we have tried several. First the famous Village Seafood buffet. WOW!! From cut up lobster to prime rib its amazing. Be starving when you arrive! Its pricey at around $39 but its worth every penny. The World Buffet is very good as well and there are numerous coupons for it. The All American Bar and Grille is ok, nothing great, a bit pricey I feel for what we got. Then there is Cafe Martoranos? .....Very pricey Italian food, but good. The meatballs are to die for!! And the veal was very well prepared!!  But my favorite restaurant is the Voodoo Steakhouse. Located 50 floors up with fantastic views, its over the top outstanding. The bayou seafood platter appetizer is awesome. The scallops, the Tomahawk Ribeye, the dry aged NY...Its all well prepared but can be very pricey . Plan on $100-120 PP minimum with wine. After dinner at the steakhouse head up the staircase to dance the night away at Rio's Voodoo Rooftop Nightclub. The views are amazing. You can sneak up there for sunset as well and its well worth it. If you want to save money on drinks buy a witch doctor! They cost about $30 and you drink one or two of those and your night is set!! There are plenty of VIP seats and this place is generally fairly lax on the seating issues. This is not a Vegas hot club at this time, but it will get crowded!  If your early enough you can find places inside to set down without bottle service, which is an exception for most of the popular nightlife spots. The Rio's sportsbook is just average, while the casino floor is usually energetic! I enjoy most the dealers and staff at the Rio! Very friendly , nice, and fun!! Also to get to Vegas strip you can drive,take a cab, walk (17-18 minutes) or take the free shuttle which comes about every 30 minutes ."On to the rooms. They are large and always clean. If you can grab one of Rio's deals on the suites. Do it!!! The Masquerade Suites are HUGE! Over 1600 sq ft and I have stayed in them for as low as $119. Currently booking them for $125 on Harrahs website for April!! There is really not a whole lot of difference between the Deluxe Rooms or the Premium ones. Beds are fine, bathrooms ok. These Rooms could use some updating. The Pool is great and was very entertaining when the Saphire ladies used to work there!!! I think after a police sting or two, they are back at the club!!  Enjoy your visit, I always do!.
1	I came to Rio for Chippendale show on my bachelorette weekend here in Vegas. I dropped by the craps table after Voodoo lounge and this one Vietnamese or Filipino pit boss was so rude, unprofessional, and STUCKUP--TOTAL B***H had all my girls and I go back and get our ID's before we can play or "watch." I don't mind getting carded...but she needs an attitude check. I didn't want to drop another $1 on that table or in that casino period.....I would never return to this hotel ever....if its not for the sexy ass Chippendale guys this casino is worthless.
4	We have been visiting Las Vegas at least once every year since 1998 and we still go back every visit to the Rio. Their free show in the sky is worth an admission ticket. It is fun and entertaining. The Rio used to have the best buffet in Las Vegas, but sadly, I never go there anymore; overpriced and overcrowded. But some of the other restaurants make up for the shortcomings! Excellent. And the view from the restaurant and lounge on the 40th floor is flat spectacular, worth photographing!I highly recommend at least a visit to this convenient Casino when in Las Vegas!
4	They have the best buffet in all of Vegas. It's pricey but if you are starving, have a good appetitie and want to eat a bit of everything.
5	When I went to Vegas we didn't stay at this hotel but we did stop by and did some gambling and saw Penn and Teller. The guy who helped us with our ticket order was professional and  took his time to explain our seating options for the show. The Casino itself is nice, big with a ton of gaming options. I am giving the Rio 5 stars because they have Penn and Teller. Yup, the only reason. Not the guy at the counter really, even though he was awesome. Just because The Rio has Penn and Teller. So if your in Vegas, plan on going to Vegas and are looking for a great show please stop by the Rio and see Penn and Teller!!!!
4	I stayed the night at the Rio and it was amazing!!! alright.. parking sucks if you are stopping by to see a show or eat at one of the spots downstairs... but what hotel on or near the strip is good?the staff was very friendly as I didnt know where things were, they helped by pointing me to the right direction. Price was great, as I stayed for free through a family's discount.the room I had was very spacious and clean.
3	Rio oh RioWhere do we stand. I loved you and I hated you at the same time. On the one side I stayed in the Rio and that was a different experience from visiting you. so the good and the bad.The BadIf you reserve a room with 2 beds. Its not guaranteed. You are only guaranteed a room and when you get there they see what they have. The goodIts an All Suite Hotel. The Badthe Suites don't have kitchens. The GoodThey are pretty big rooms. The Bad There is a freakin window looking into the bathrooms. What the Deuce. Overall I think the Rio is a very fun place to stay because of the free shows every hour. The people staying at the Rio are characters. The bartenders and staff are awesome. The bad and the good leave me leaving three stars.
3	First of all, I can't believe that Gold Coast has more stars than Rio! It must be due to the cheap price of drinks and tables, because it ain't the rooms! I just moved to the Rio from the Gold and it's so much more comfortable! Okay, it's not as awesome as the new high rise hotels by a long shot, but it's a-okay with me.The window into the shower is bizarre but the bed is comfy and the pillows are nice ( I find that when I ask housekeeping to bring more pillows, the ones they bring are better than the ones that come with the room). However, I feel like (and probably am) a rube, because I didn't get my room for free. Somehow those of us who come to Vegas about once a year and don't gamble, don't get comped. Go figure.No fan in the bathroom again (none at Gold Coast either) which I don't understand but at least here the bathroom is more than 5 feet away from the bed.
1	will come to the voodoo but would not stay at this place. This is the first hotel in a very long time that for the money I find the room to have a standard big old fashion tv. Not only that but we had to hit the tv every so often to get the color back. They charge for everything and I mean everything. I was amazed that when we asked for towels and blankets they did not charged us for that. Even in a small town in northern california or a hotel in the middle of china this was the first time that a hotel charged me for coffee. The internet was crazy expensive at 13.95 per day. Again what kind of freaking place charges this to that amount. They give you two queen size beds and two towels which is ridiculous. Now for the bedroom furniture. This was very outdated like the couch. You think that if they are making money they would at least start improving the rooms. The other restaurants the food was okay to average. Old towns food to me seemed to be better for what you are getting.
4	Rio came recommended as a place to enjoy in Vegas. We went and hung around for a couple of hours and here's my take:Rio was great and was the only casino I came out ahead at. Rio had the best complimentary margaritas and I believe had the best list of complimentary beers of the places I went as well. Free Guiness? You betcha! Sure it was from a can but a canned Guiness still trumps a Budweiser any day of the week.The atmosphere was party-like with people of seemingly all demographics partying it up and having a good time.Some things I saw were a Burger King Whopper bar, an Irish pub type joint, some over-the-top bartenders pouring drinks in a suggestive manner that drove the ladies nuts, a little song and dance show thing with half naked guys and chicks in skimpy clothes and those same people throwing out mardi gras beads from boats that were hung from the ceiling with tracks so they could move around.The crowd seemed to enjoy it and it seemed pretty cool but I was focused on winning so I didn't give the show my full attention.Parking was easy. It's not on the strip which is cool in that maybe there's not as much crap to put up with. That being said I noticed a lot more cops driving around that area than other places so perhaps they're on the lookout over there for something.Overall I liked it and would go back for fun anytime.
4	The Rio is an older hotel with old Las Vegas style. They have a show called "Show In The Sky" with singing and dancing. They throw beads and you can catch them.
3	My friend and I stayed here for a couple nights since he had a deal for a double bed suite. Comparing to the suite at Excalibur we had the night before we came here, the Excalibur suite looked newer. I did like the fact there was a refrigerator. As for the TV, they need to upgrade to HDTV. They still have standard TV sets. I wouldn't mind staying here again if the price was right. There are plenty of food choices inside.
1	I came in on a business trip which was orchestrated and paid for by the business I work for.  When I arrived there was a fight happening at the concierge table between a staffer and a guest which was noisy and distracting. I walked past the altercation and went to the check-in line.  Despite 4 people sitting behind the desk and me being the next in line, it took 10 minutes to get called up.During the check-in itself, my $75/night suite was going to cost in excess of $400 for a 2 night stay.  They would not take my debit card without locking the account and as I was travelling light, I had not brought any other forms of payment.  I asked for clarification on the charges and the staff got attitude and told me that it was part of their terms and conditions.  Instead, I called the airline, and booked a $200 flight back home and I will never recommend this dump to anyone.  The staff here are poorly trained, rude, and incapable of managing even the simplest task without making it a complex ordeal.  Although I did not make it into a room, the outside looked tired and sun-faded.  No attention to detail here... I will never go back and I encourage you to avoid this place at all costs.
4	This hotel may belong to Harra's but they sometimes don't behave like a Harrah's hotel, My stay was really good. I was checked into a room that was supposed to be closed cause someone had apparently spilled a cup of coffee on the carpet it looked like coffee. As the bellman was checking me in the Housekeeping manager was right behind us and appogized profusely that this room was not to be sold and there was some error in the system with the front desk. So she called down on her radio and in 30 seconds I and my bellman were directed back to the elevators to the penthouse level. I thought I was getting some huge upgrade. The rooms there are just bigger, no big change at all. And I have stayed at Rio before. That's the thing about the Rio, they call it a suite just because the room is BIG ... but is mostly open and wasted space.Put in a microwave and then maybe you can call it a suite!!!!!As I siad I had a great stay, I was on a scooter becuase of knee surgery and my MASSIVE room gave me room to turn around with it.The bathroom was TINY for a person with a disability using a wheelchair. They seriously need to look at that.Servious was amazing for the disabled
5	Recently stayed for a conference, everything was good. I wasn't thrilled with having to pay for an Internet connection that never even worked, but I let the desk clerk know and they waived the fee.
3	Stayed there for my birthday April 26 through April 29, 2012. One thing comes to mind in particular, THE TOWELS ARE SCRATCHY!  I mean come on! Use Downy or something! Other reviews are right about the old TVs. My room didn't have the view into the shower. I think I was in the older side. The buffets were okay. Bellagio and The Wynn have the best buffets. The casino servers all had really cheap looking uniforms (lingerie). Looked like strip club rejects! Oh! I shouldn't say that!But they do. The so called "Sexy" Sky Show was anything but sexy. Unless you think the post teen mickey mouse club is sexy. Looked like a bunch of Back Street Boys meets Brittany Spears "Give it to me one more time".And why would you bring little kids to Vegas? It is called Sin City right?Good things:The conveniencs store is very convenient. They have everything!The rooms are very spacious. Taxi service is quick.The sex was off the charts! (The wife gets these points)Not sure what my wife paid for the room but if it was over $100 per night, she got taken!If you can get in there for $70 a night during the week, it's a great deal!  $100 on the weekend. I'd stay there again but I'd bring my own towels!
4	The Rio.  My old second home.  Seriously its like I lived here.  Back in the day I was quite the gambler.  So I stayed exclusively at Harrahs properties.  But back then they were Caesars properties.... OK I'm dating myself.  Anywho, Rio was my hotel of choice.  Now lets get down to the good, the bad and the ugly.THE GOOD:Gambling here is amazing.  At least from a Craps girls point of view.  When I want to throw my hard earned money away with little to no chance of ever getting it back here is where I want to do it.  Its lively and exciting, and once you get at a good table that drink lady is there ever 5 minutes.  Me being the lush I am, I never turned her down.  Which led to me having 3 drinks at once.  Oh the good times.  The rooms..... OK, here is the trick to the rooms.  If you want a newly remodeled room stay in the new towers.  The decor is nice but the rooms are small.  Me personally Id rather have a larger room then new decor.  But to each their own.  In Vegas I need all the room I can get to throw my stuff around.  The rooms in the Masquerade a HUGE.  But, beware.... Some of the rooms have a window into the shower.  I didn't notice until I was taking a shower and saw my son. I felt violated.  lol.  Also, if you ever get the chance stay in a Masquerade Suite.  AMAZING.  Dining room, living room, picture windows, great view......  I miss this place already.The amenities... The Buffet, Voodoo Lounge, The Pool.  All great.THE BAD:Location.  The major drawback is that the Rio is off the strip.  But thanks to cabs this is an obstacle you can overcome.  So deal with it, your wallet will thank you.THE UGLY:OK maybe I jumped the gun with The Ugly, but it rolled right off my thumbs.For Harrahs Diamond Players go visit the Diamond Lounge.  Free food and drinks, I love it.
4	Nice place with great service.  Front desk checking was excellent.  Downfall only, is that it's off the strip and the place could use a bit more fresh air.  I like it because of the low price and it's a suite.  Room was very excellent, they actually upgrade me for free.  Gaming floor is pretty big compare to some others.  Not a big fan on their blackjack tables.  Single deck forces all cards to lay face down (hate that).  Free shows daily (Show in the skies).  And for the ladies.. Chippendales.  Buffet is a solid choice (even better if you are a local, discounts for locals) Carnival offers a huge selection and is remodel recently.  Pool is nice, they have a sand beach.  Parking is a plenty, depends on where you want to be closer by.
5	I LooooVE this hotel!! The workers are so friendly and helpful. We have stayed there 3-4 times. Last time they gave us a super room, I don't even know for how much it was but we paid for a standard room and they gave us a room which was like 1000 sq feet with a Jacuzzi. Actually there were two rooms in one suite. Also they serve the best free drinks...They taste really good, not crappy like in other hotels. OK, it's not a fancy hotel but it's a really nice and affordable place. Thank you.
2	14.95 a day for wi-fi. Give me a break. This hotel is a dumpasaurus rex. Line for the front desk took 40 minutes. Off the strip, but the shuttle at least comes in handy. Just be prepared to wait a while for it to show up(don't forget to tip). The new hotels far exceed the grandeur of the Rio. Although the rooms are "all suite" as they claim, they are all suites that have been transported from the year 1990 to the present. Big tube TVs, ugly couches and plenty of birch and purple in the room to take you back in time. time for an update.
4	Rooms can't be beat, they're all suites with fridges and pull out sofas for extra visitors. Front desk personnel are pretty cold if you don't flash your diamond card, found out the difference when I forgot to show my card and the drastic change in attitude when I found it. The housekeeping crew are as sweet as can be. Don't forget to leave them a daily tip, they work they're asses off to clean up your nasty messes, hook them up!The AABG restaurant food is pretty good. Go see our friend Tracy, he's probably the nicest guy you'll meet. Great customer service, always smiling. Voodoo Steak House food is AWESOME. Well worth the pricing $$$$. The lounge has an amazing full strip view. Our waiter was super nice.The poker room is a great place for conversation and to meet good people. The dealers are so sweet,  you'll definitely meet some characters late night. The "beverage ambassadors" are, for the most part, really nice and remember your favorites real fast.I don't list reviews about the casinos, they're pretty much all the same when you're losing. If you want to win, high limit slots is the way to go. My luck is impeccable in those things.
2	Pros: Great sized rooms, hot showers, nice pool, very informative concierge. Darren!! He is the Bally's shuttle driver! He was the nicest and most awesome person we met on our entire vacation!!Cons: Rude and misinformed check in/check out staff, housekeeping never cleaned our room for our entire stay, dirty hallways (the same crumbs and used glasses were on the floor in our hallway for 2 days).Would I stay here again? No The rudeness from the employees sets the tone for the entire property.
4	Bought this trip thru TravelzooGot a great deal where we got VIP to Voodoo for each night we were there and $30 meal credit for each day we were there.Get there and the check in was super fast, easy and the front desk was wonderful.Told us where and where we couldn't use the meal credit.Went to our room and it was HUGE! We had a wonderful view from 28 stories up of The Strip. Our room did have the window into the shower ~ I didn't mind it much, the hubby LOVED it.PROS:Rooms were huge and cleanRoom service said 45-50 mins and they came sooner with super hot foodThe VooDoo Lounge - LOVED it! And since it was a Thursday, there wasn't a line at allThe taxi service was fast (but see CONS)CONS:I didn't really care for the slots they had. I wanted a Wheel of Fortune MachineDon't go when the Italian Festival is in town...second night of our stay, we had to wait over 30 mins for a cab because street was blocked off. Asked our driver to take us to Bellagio and he didn't want to because of traffic. After I told him we HAD to go there, he took us there. Too far off Strip (about $15 cab ride)Overall,I would definately stay here again without all the perks but they made the stay so much better. I would just plan better all my taxi rides, they really took up some drinking $$
3	Stayed here because I got it comped. Not a bad hotel. I had two rooms here. One was perfect, one not so much. The first one I entered had a smoky smell even though the room was non-smoking. The second one was a lot better, no lingering smells. The rooms generally are nice and spacious. Can't complain about that for sure. =) They have a mini bar and a fridge. The check-in line was super long even though they had a lot of people at the counter. The best thing was that they let you check in earlier than the 3pm check in time, maybe due to the line? The casino itself is rather small in comparision to the casinos the strip but that was fine since they provide a shuttle to Harrahs and Ballys/Paris. Pretty nice to stay here though, no complaints really.
2	We got a 59.99 per night suite with a $30/day meal credit deal on a suite from a site like travelzoo or somesuch. Here's the experience:Incompetent concierge tells us on the phone that we can check in early (noonish). Apparently this did not mean actually getting our room but rather some pre-registration nonsense that kept us out until 4 due to their failure to specify.The line at check-in was 40 minutes long and only 4 counters were attended. I parked in the garage which is inconveniently far from the hotel rooms, and they refuse to let me use a luggage cart unless I have a bellhop with me. What, are they afraid I am going to steal it? Honestly?Our room itself, is actually quite nice. This is somewhat redeeming for them. Except the refrigerator wasn't on and I had to call twice to get someone to fix it. 8:00pm on night 1: NOWHERE TO PARK. There is some Italian festival nearby and nobody is attending either garage to make sure actual hotel guests have a place to put their vehicle. After 45 mins of trying, gave up to go pick up friends at airport half an hour early. Disgraceful.Called concierge to get answers to some questions just before 9pm on night 1. Got an answering machine...I wouldnt mind waiting on hold until someone was available, but ten bucks says we don't get a call back.Horrible sewage smell outside that did not go away.The shower literally takes 20 minutes or more before I get even lukewarm water running through it.Going into nights 2 and 3 our friend's meal credit was screwed up more than once by the hotel staff. Ours, luckily, worked as intended. All in all, our first night there made me want to give this place less than one star. The incompetent, inconsiderate, or just illiterate hotel staff was infuriating and the venue of the WSOP should be classier than this. I should never see a line going out the door to check in  to the hotel on a Tuesday and there are three or more vacant check-in counters that could be getting used. The restaurant staff on the other hand was all very friendly, but I will review those places separately. Suffice it to say, we will not be returning to the Rio. The experience was very unbecoming for them and for an off-strip casino on weekdays, the table limits were way out of line. Skip this place.
1	WORST HOTEL EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!I went to Vegas for the first time and stayed at Rio because my boyfriends has comps from atlantic city. With that being said it was my first time i was really excited about this trip. I knew that the hotel is off the strip and taking taxis everywhere was not too big of a problem for us. As soon as we got to the hotel. I noticed the place is very old( kinda dirty looking). But I wasn't too worry about it because from the pictures of the room when we booked it, the rooms look very clean and nice.When we got to our room we were speechless!!!! I thought i was in a cheap motel out in the middle of nowhere!! We took our shoes off walking around the room in our socks. My white socks were black within the seconds. It made me feel so uncomfortable and that was just the floor.. As i walk thru the room and look at the couch and the footrest by the bed, there were stains on them (like someone spilled a drink and didn't clean up) We laid on the bed to rest a little and the sheets were so dry and hard feels like sand paper. It was a non-smoking room but the sheet cover ON the BED has cigarette burn holes on it!! When we booked the room, It saids we will have a flat screen. Not only it was an 1970's old style TV. The remote doesn't even work. That didn't really matter to us because we know that we won't be watching too much TV. But still, it was the quality of everything in that room that really made us angry. We tried to put some of our things in a safe later and that doesn't work. We called the front desk and they sent someone up to fixed it. The shower fan was broken so in the middle of my shower, it felt like I couldn't breath!!After all those problems of the room, we were very unhappy. So my boyfriend went to the front desk and complain. After hearing all of our problems of the room she went like," I can't put you into another room because we are all booked and we can have someone clean your room better the NEXT TIME". So there was nothing we can do but deal with the dirty room situation.On the day of our check out. We tried to check out on our TV but of course that didn't  work because NOTHING works in that room. We went down to the front deck  and there was a long line of people waiting to check out only one person behind the desk was helping all the people that were trying to check out. There were probably 10 or 12 people behind the front desk not doing anything. My boyfriend went up to one of the girls that isn't doing anything and ask her if we have to go wait in line to check out if we didn't put in any cash deposit. She was like," No. You can drop off your keys and just go and deposit on your card will go back in a week or so" My boyfriend asked," What if there's charges on there that not right or not supposed to be on the bill that I want to make sure?" Girl behind the desk:" Well, if you want to make sure then you have to wait in line ( with attitude and a mean face)!! At the point, we were trying to catch a plane and had it with this crappy hotel. So we dropped off the keys and left!!It was no joke THE WORLD'S WORST DIRTIEST HOTEL I'VE EVER STAYED!!!!!!!
4	I stayed at Rio in  April for the first time ever.  As a comparison, I've stayed at Caesars, Mirage, Wynn, Imperial Palace, and Flamingo.I must say I was very happy with my stay here.I checked in on Easter Sunday, around noon.  The checkin was fast and she was nice.The room itself was big.  I think they are the biggest standard room in Las Vegas.  Two queen beds, a nice big bathroom, a couch, and floor to ceiling windows.  My view was of the Palms and the mountains, no complaints here.Next up was the pool, dubbed VooDoo Beach.  It features 4 pools (3 were open).  One pool is more of a beach.  The second pool is kidney shaped, with very warm water.  The third pool was a beautiful fountain in t, but that water was ice water, like Atlantic Ocean water in NH!  There was pool side service, a bar, and a little shop for soda, water, sun tan lotion, etc. Pricey but not surprised given it is poolside in a casino.The shuttle service to the Strip was good, not great. They run every half hour to Bally's and Harrah's, but there can be too many people to be honest, and it runs from 10am-1am I believe.  I guess you can't complain because it is free.  Out of my four days there, I used it 10 times.  Just once I got fed up and took a cab from Harrah's to Rio, it was less than $11.  It also $7 from Krave to Rio (Krave is a club near Planet Hollywood).The Show in the Sky is my favorite "free show" in Las Vegas.  It just a blast, great music, hot guys and girls, and it turns the casino floor into a party every hour, on the hour, after 6pm.I would stay here again.  Its a quick walk to The Palms and Gold Coast Casino, and for the most part, a free shuttle away from The Strip.  The rooms are spacious, it'll satisfy your gambling needs for a little less cost than a comparable hotel on the strip.I stayed here complimentary, by the way.  Im not a big time gambler, though I definitely gamble.  But sign up for the Total Rewards program, the perks are definitely worth it.  Its a shared player's club with 40 casinos nationwide, including Caesars, Harrahs, Flamingo, and Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas.
1	The only benefit to this place was that it was a good deal. That being said, it was dirty, DIRTY- like we had to get a new room because we couldn't stand the shower-scum shower, dust coming out of fans and stains on pillows that came from questionable sources. It is off the strip, so you have to take the bus to drop you off, which can lead to a 45 minute wait. The inside needs some serious updating to match the other hotels, looks as if it is stuck in the 80's. Tube TV's in the rooms, no fan in the bathrooms, keurig machines in rooms that don't work..This place needs some serious work. Will NOT be staying here again.
4	We just got home from staying the weekend at the Rio with 17 other couples. The check-in was quick and painless. We spent$59/night weeknight, and $79/night weekend. Our room was very spacious, clean, and comfortable. The desk clerk tried to get us to upgrade the room (for an additional $200/night - yea right....sure...not).We did notice that checkin at midnight to 2am has VERY long lines.We also were celebrating our wedding anniversary, so we chose to dine at the VooDoo restaurant on the 50th floor. Yea...$200 for dinner and no drinks....but the food was AWESOME, the atmosphere was elegant, the service was phenomenal, and the experience romantic (yea....I got a few husband points to be sure). Even I found it quite enjoyable and well worth the visit...will do so again the next time in Vegas.After dinner we went to the Voodoo Lounge on the 51st floor. The average age for women was about early to mid-thirties (very nicely dressed - okay - say it- HOT).  Most guys were mid 30's to mid 40's....but decidedly more women than men. The music was high energy and lot of people dancing.We have stayed at easily 20 to 25 hotels on or immediately near the strip. We LOVED the high energy of this hotel. Lots and lots of the beautiful people were here....and we certainly enjoyed the eye candy.Will definately return in the future...our new favorite Vegas hotel.
3	My Husbands review (Ian S.) Pretty much details our account in full. It was bad. The only reason this place gets 3 stars is due to the nice size rooms, the view and the staff in the restaurants there. The hotel staff were very unknowledgable and rude, check-in for my party and our friends was an absolute disaster. Our friend was downstairs at 2am (mind you he got in at 11pm) with the concierge trying to fix his reservation which was no fault of his own.Best part? I called the concierge's desk during my stay and received voice mail, and left them a message and they never called me back. Bottom line you get what you pay for: I would not stay here again, ever.
3	Stayed here for a quick weekend trip and it was okay. It was very affordable and the rooms are nice (all suites remember!) but it's definitely "older" Las Vegas. The casino is a little smoky and busy, but okay. They do a show on the weekends called the Show in the Sky where there's some dancing and singing followed by "parade floats" hanging from the ceiling that rotate around their track and throw out beads. They do it every hour on the hour between like 6pm and 11pm, Thurs-Sat I think. It's not a great show, but it is something to do while you're sitting at the bar or at a slot machine. The pool area is really nice and free. There are several pools and hot tub spas spaced around, with waterfalls and sandy beaches around the edge. There's also an adults only pool that costs to go into (we were quoted $20 for guys, free for girls), and says it's "european style". We didn't pay to go in, but my guess is that means girls can be topless because it's surrounded by pushes so that you can't see into the area. They have a DJ there that was playing some good music too. There are plenty of bars around the pool areas as well. The best part about the hotel is the fact that Penn & Teller are there. We got a coupon book with our stay that got us 2 for 1 tix, which is always worthwhile. Their show is awesome!They have some good restaurants as well. I don't recommend the Dim Sum restaurant unless you're for trying something a little different, it's very traditional. The all-american grill was good, but didn't have the best service. There's a frozen yogurt place in the casino that I was quite fond of ($5 for a cup).
1	Wow you can get kick out of a casino and banned for winning money.   They are willing to take your money,  but once you start to win, they can kick you out of their property and kick you out of the room as well. There should be some type of Federal Law that protects gamblers.  If you lose your life savings you cannot get your money back. Any class action law suit out there?
3	2 1/2 stars.  Received a comped room, so I can't squabble about the price.  As far as I know, however, prices are always pretty reasonable here versus something on the strip.  Here are some highlights for a standard room in the Ipanema Tower:*Rooms are large, but not suite-like.  It is basically a large room with a sitting area/pull out couch.  *Tube TV, mini bar, in-room safe, and mini fridge*Shower head was like a fireman's hose, practically shot holes through my skin*Furnishings/Decor are dated, but not eye poppingly horrendous*The room is furnished with a Keurig coffee machine; I brought some K-cups from home and saved myself $8.*Valet service is great, everyone is super nice.  Front desk and bell desk were exceptional as well.Overall, it was just okay.   I do not like being so far away from the strip, and the room was just meh.  Can't beat a free room though, I guess.
2	Wah! No more please!I honestly don't mind the location, since we have a car. And I had a good impression of the room itself. BUT.WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL ME THAT FAMILIES LIKE TO STAY HERE?! We were placed next to a family with a baby. And I knew that they had at least two children because one was screaming and crying nonstop throughout what felt like most of the night, and the other was just screaming. The walls are not very thick. That family might as well have been in the same room as us because it clearly made no difference. On top of that, the beds were not very comfortable (pillows are lumpy), and the sheets  have stains. If you feel icky about that, bring your own pillowcase and maybe some sheets. This is overall not a bad place. It's really cheap, and the rooms are big. However, since having a good night's sleep is important to me (even in Vegas), I don't want to stay here again unless I absolutely have to. With earplugs. And my own personal pillowcase. Maybe bring my own pillow.If you want an extra roll out bed, it will be $30.Remember that saying you get what you pay for? This is one of those places.
1	I've stayed here twice.The FIRST time I came here, I stayed at the Masquerade tower. The AC in the room was the weirdest thing ever. You were either freezing your dick off, or sweating balls. The TV was old and blasted radiation in my eyes. The view was crap. I lost a shit ton of money playing games of the adult variety. I said to myself, "Never again!"My buddy Alex drags me by the collar and forces me at gunpoint to accompany him to Vegas and stay at the Rio. I said "Please sir! I'd rather eat a cowchip before I enter that rathole again!"After consuming said cowchip (maybe I should've told him I just didn't want to go..), we stayed at the Rio for two of the most unpleasant nights I've ever had since turning 21. On the plus side: 600$ from a slot machine!On the downside: 3 rowdy children screaming at the top of their lungs next door from the hours of 8am-11am. Seriously?? Don't you know that these are the REAL quiet hours in Vegas??
4	Besides the lock for the front door, none of the other locks worked. Locks come in handy when you are sitting on the throne and do not want to be bothered by the people you are staying with!  That is probably my only problem with this hotel. Everything else was great. The staff, the cleaners, and the people who calls the taxis. There is a burger king on the property and I love burger king.
3	BIG, clean, and well designed suites but not the place to go for luxury. The lobby is decorated with fake cobblestones - it makes the place feel like a huge half-empty basement. To add tot he creepy basement feel - there's a large, disembodied, 2-sided head mounted on the ceiling. It apparently is also mounted on a track and lights up as it travels across the lobby. Creepy much? Anyway, the room is fine but the lobby is sparsely populated by desperate-looking gamblers wearing oversized tee shirts and stone washed jeans and jean-shorts with fanny packs (bum bags for you UK people). It just has a sad and slightly deserted vibe that I do not like. The only plus is the room. Some crafty person was really thinking and did double sinks - one inside the bathroom and one outside the bathroom so people can get ready w/o taking up the entire bath. Overall, this place is not really my cup of tea - I prefer the action and hustle-bustle of the Strip - but it may work for you if you'd like a more quiet and low-key vegas stay.
3	Rio is not the newest or coolest but some of their rooms are pretty spacious, which I like. We also stumbled upon the dim sum restaurant and found the food to be quite delicious! Graving some of that basil clam now!
4	We re here for the world series.  Everything is great... We even got an upgrade to a bigger n nicer suite.  Our suite is furnished with modern furnitures, a comfortable bed, flat screen tv n a beautiful dressing area.  However, there s music blaring from the pool!!!  We re on the 34 th floor n it's still bugged the heck out of me. :-(. I was offered to switch rooms but who wants to deal with that hassle?  So next time I ll be sure to request for a room that will be a little quite.
3	A while back we did a last minute staycation and found a room at the Rio on a Friday night for $89. Upon check in, they decided to upgrade us from a regular room to a large suite for no extra cost. It was a one bedroom suite with two bathrooms and a living room. Separating the main bathroom from the bedroom was a large soaking tub. It was a cool layout and plenty of room all around, but the interior was dated. It had that old '80s hotel room look that desperately needs an update.They've got several pools on property. One was a zero entry pool with sand and a waterfall that was popular with kids and families. There was plenty of room to layout and we didn't have a problem snagging a few chairs in the late morning. Like their hotel rooms, the pool area could use a refresh and a better filtering system for the pools because the water looked excessively oily and dirty. I guess that's to be expected with so many guests using them.Not a bad place to stay if you're looking for a decent value, but definitely not a top tier Vegas hotel.
2	I stayed at the Rio not long after its opening...... it was nice back then, and had a flavor of Brasil, accurate to its namesake. But years have past, and styles have changed, and the Brasilian theme has evidently been orphaned by the new owners. The best thing about the hotel, for us, was the yogurt shop near the front entrance. Two nights in a row, we paid our $5, and figured our own way to "fill the heck" out of the 12 ounce cups that they provide. Your challenge, if you're up to it, is to fill up the cup with "unlimited frozen yogurt", and whatever toppings you can fit in... best deal in the hotel. If it hadn't been for our trade show being based out of the Rio a few months ago, I'd have stayed at one of the Hilton Grand Vacation Resorts in town, or far off the strip in Henderson. The room we had reminded me of my stays in the mid 90's... and considering we're in the first decade of the 2000's... this hotel, with its new ownership, is evidently being milked for all it can give. Eventually, I figure someone will "renovate." The capper to our shared opinion was when the shuttle driver and the cabbies we had all shared negative comments about the hotel. We thought we were being snobbish in our opinion that the "class of clients" and the hotel itself, had severely gone downhill. But we didn't have to look far for agreement. For me, this recent stay brought back memories of the Fremont St. hotels in the late 60's... early 70's, long before Steve Wynn "renovated" the Golden Nugget and made it golden. The Rio needs that kind of makeover..... the sooner the better.
4	Originally came here to meet a friend that was playing in one of the WSOP tournaments, they were on break so we decided to eat at the Seafood Buffet. I devoured all the prime rib and crab legs I could eat - translation 3.5 refills LOL To end the meal I loved the chocolate and strawberry gelato. Definitely worth the price!
2	For the amount of money that I paid for this hotel, I could have stayed in a 5 star hotel.  I should've used yelp as I always have but I was blinded by the fact they had an all-you-can-eat seafood buffet (which wasn't all that).  It took me about an hour waiting in line to check in. When I get to my room as soon as I open the door the first thing I noticed was the carpet in the threshold (the door to the hallway) was held down with black duct tape.  The deadbolt was broken when I tried to lock it (actually snapped in half).  They room wasn't cleaned well because when I pulled back the nightstand to plug in my cell, there was a stale carton on Burger King fries.  Yup....on a Friday night it took 30 minutes to wait for an elevator from the 27th floor.  Worse hotel I've ever stayed in. I only give the Rio an extra star because the Wifi was free.
4	Dear Yelp, it's official: I AM 21. :DFor my 21st birthday, I spent the night at a room here. I must say, quite a fun place to spend a 21st birthday at!Room: HUGE. To begin with, it was already in the older tower and yet it was still quite impressive. Two comfortable beds, a couch, a chair, a table/mini-office space and a fridge....it was almost like a miniature apartment. The view was also quite amazing, looking right over the pool and straight at the Strip. Oh, and it had a fridge, a plus seeing I needed to have refreshments for the get-together I was having.Service: Can't really say, we were just partying it up in there. Location: Not on The Strip, but close enough, with free shuttle service to Harrahs and Ballys. Pool: It was amazing with a bold, capital A. Crowded, but not overwhelmingly so. Beautiful people all around, and not overrun with the douchebags you see so much of at somewhere like, say, the Palms or Mandalay Bay pool areas. One cheesy, but cool touch was the waterfall that came out of a clam. Miscellaneous: As great as the room was, I was charged a security deposit of $50 that I had no way of knowing about beforehand. At least it wasn't a blasted resort fee, but still.The Final Verdict:Pros:More than enough space.Fridge in the room.Lovely view.Epic pool.Free shuttle to the Strip.Nice enough bathroom. Offered two free passes to the Voodoo Lounge.Lots of things to do on the property.Got the room for a pretty sweet price as well ($53.00).Cons:Sneaky security deposit. It's refunded when you check out but still. Suggestions: Please let people know about the security deposit in advance. So next time someone wants to have their birthday there they won't be $50 short on drinking and partying funds. Would I stay here again? I'd stay here again just for that pool.
4	We have this family tradition that started when I was 17...I celebrate my birthday 6 months in advance.So I came here at 20.5 years old to celebrate my 21st birthday with family, and had the best service I have ever had in Vegas at any other hotel. (I've been to 7 different ones.)Granted, I wouldn't say they are the best, but one of the guys there (I cant remember his name for the life of me) was so attentive and always had a smile on. :)One of the best starters to my birthday celebration ever!
1	Made reservations here a couple of months ago since I was going to attend the UFC expo. Instead of checking in on Thursday, we checked in on Friday at about 12:30am. Unfortunately, they had no more rooms in the Ipanema Tower. Which is the tower that I preferred to stay in since the rooms are a bit newer and cleaner than the ones in the Masquerade Tower. They only had rooms available on the pet friendly floor which was located in the Masquerade Tower. So I was stuck with that room and even though I told them that my bf and I have very bad allergies to animal fur!!! They couldn't do anything to get us a different room.So we were stuck there for one night and were informed that we can change rooms the following morning at 11am. But since I was going to head to the expo at 9:30am I wouldn't be able to do so. I asked them if they can just hold a room for us since we wont be back until late evening since the expo ends at 6pm. I was then told that the latest would be 7pm but then again with the traffic coming back to Rio from mandalay bay, I was not sure that we would make it back in time. So I asked if they can hold the room until 9pm and they couldn't do so. The latest was 7pm. GRRR..I don't understand why they couldn't just hold a room for us since I made reservations or at least check me into a room without having me to be there physically! I could have picked up my card keys after I came back from the expo. But NO! because of this I had to leave the expo early and went back to Rio and check in then go back to the expo! what a waste of time! I have stayed at RIO many times during my stay in vegas but this will be my last time with them! It's about time they switch out their TVs to flat screens and have Pay-Per-View in their rooms. We wanted to watch the UFC 148 in our room by ordering PPV but they don't even have it!!!Oh oh forgot to mention, I looked at my credit card statement today and noticed that Rio charged me an additional $200!! I was not sure why I was being charged an additional amount, but when I called Rio they said it was a deposit in case there were any damages done to the room. I thought this was strange as I never encountered any additional charges during my stay at Rio. But after talking to some friends, they did mention that the $200 deposit charge is probably because we stayed in a pet friendly room! So disappointed that Rio never informed me about the $200 deposit upon check in!
4	They have live shows throughout the casino in the style of Carnival with beads and floats and everything! Their Carnival buffet has the biggest selection of food I've seen anywhere.
2	Too far off the strip, average price of a cab to the strip is about $15 each way. There's not a lot of places to eat and the buffet closes at 10pm.Their main attraction is "Thunder from Down Under"....well that fine.....if you're into that!! We're not and those damn pictures of half naked guys everywhere gets irritating.
5	Fastest beer service ever.
1	First time at Rio - check in at 5 took 20 minutes - now at taxi everyone trying leave Rio - this place suck & will never stay again - I stay cuz of friends - not worth my time or money!!! Stay away if u under 35
3	A very ocnfusing casino layout, but isn't that their goal?  Some pits were very warm while others were very cold.  Off the beaten path but worth a visit to see the casino and shops.
3	I stayed here off and on for about 3 weeks during the WSOP.  The rooms were nice enough, plenty of room for me and my roommate to sprawl comfortably.  However, a lot of the TV's were old and out of date and it was hard to adjust them to the proper angle in order to watch TV from the bed.  There was an issue with one of the AC units as it would stay around 70 despite the fact that we had the temp turned all the way down to 58, who wants to sleep in a sauna at night, Vegas is already sweltering enough!  The food there was okay, my favorite spot was probably the Sports Deli located right next to the Sportsbook, they had a good selection of quick to order food.  The All American Grill was okay but on the plus side was open 24 hours.  Per usual the Rio decided to turn their convention center into a freaking icebox ensuring that I had to wear my hoodie despite the fact that it was 110 degrees outside!  All in all not bad, certainly much better than that complete hole in the wall, vortex to hell, known as the Imperial Palace.  I still shudder thinking about that place..
1	This hotel is absolutely HORRIBLE.The hotel was dirty and not nice.I have nothing left to say,this is horrible.Now, I don't know if they renovated it yet, but this is based on 2006-2008.SUCKS!!!DON'T STAY HERE!!!PROS:*Fridge in room(For Free Use!!!)*Panoramic Windows*Big Rooms(600 Sq Ft)CONS:*Dirty Rooms*Outdated*Not Nice*Off Strip*Smoky Casino
4	The man and I have stayed here twice, and have had a good time both times. First of all, staff all over the hotel is exceptional!! The hotel desk lady, the valet people, the dealers, the guy who brought up our luggage, and the restaurants' staff were all VERY friendly and accommodating. Service was prompt when calling for more towels -- less than 10 minutes -- when at other Vegas hotels I've waited nearly an hour for such a service!!I'm not sure how much it is to stay here, but the man said he got a "GREAT DEAL" through his Total Rewards card. You know, that little card you can get and stick in the slot machines and gain points. Apparently he's spent enough money at the Rio and some of its sister properties so that we could get a very very low room rate. Cool!The rooms are all suites and are spacious. The restaurants in this hotel are some of the best, in my opinion. Carnival World Buffet = I think this is the biggest buffet in Vegas. The downside is it always has a long line to get in. You could be waiting over 30 minutes. This is one of my favorite buffets though.Village Seafood Buffet = OMG. This may be my new favorite buffet EVER. it was soooo good. They had other things besides seafood too...the prime rib was exceptional!! Loads of different variations of shrimp, clams, seafood mixes, etc. Drool.Buzios seafood restaurant = this is a sit-down restaurant. I actually got a steak here since we had had the seafood buffet the night before.The steak was perfect, and the sides of mushrooms and garlic mashed potatoes were perfect as well. The man got some sort of creamy seafood dish which was very rich. The place is pricey but not outrageous.All American cafe located near the Starbucks = GREAT food for decent prices. I got a delicious shrimp and linguine last year here, and this year I got a caesar salad with new york steak on top. The steak was cooked to perfection and very flavorful. The waiter also came by and gave us a GIGANTIC slice of red velvet cake, for free!!! (i guess it was extra?)Make sure to use your Total rewards card at every restaurant because you get a discount!The pool area, called VooDoo Beach, is really fun. They have 4 pools and plenty of room. Lots of places to sit. There's also a place to get some decent food and two bars! One of the pools is 21 and over which is nice because there's no kids. But, men have to pay to get in that one. It is fenced off and private.They have a rooftop lounge which provides a fabulous view of Vegas. I think it was only 10 dollars a person -- don't quote me on that, but I don't remember it being overly expensive at all. It was not very crowded or "hopping" but the view was definitely worth it to take some pictures and stuff.I give the hotel 4 stars instead of 5 because I feel like the hotel could use a renovation as far as style of the rooms...it's pretty outdated. Also, when you go to pick up your car from Valet in the morning, it takes foreverrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
3	this is a good hotel for families. it is off the strip and away from the madness. i noticed that not many people at this hotel smoke which is nice.  we did have a problem with housekeeping - they never came until we complained.  it took them about 45 minutes to bring us towels and they kept throwing away my friend's hair ties. ??? weird.  it's not the greatest hotel in the world but it's decent and you get what you pay for.  the rooms are clean and the view is nice. the rooftop lounge called voodoo lounge has an amazing view of the stip and it's nice and open so you feel the breeze - very nice. the actual loung (indoors) is disgusting and smells of vomit but once you get passed that and move on outside you will def enjoy the view.
4	I was here July 18-20 2012 with my parents on a "wild" road trip to Las Vegas and the Grand Canyon. We stayed here two nights because I found an awesome rate on priceline.com. It was 36 dollars a night and the total came out to be roughly 81 dollars for three people and two nights. The room was on the fourth floor of the Ipanema Tower and the view was definitely a 36 dollar view. We had two queen beds, a desk, tv, beautiful bathroom, and a couch. The room was in pristine condition and the beds smelled great (in case you're a rate by smell kind of person like me). The hotel is about a mile from the strip, which is not walkable in the crippling, triple-digit Las Vegas heat. But they have a FREE shuttle that takes you to either Harrah's or Bally's at Paris resorts, which are on the strip, every  15 minutes-ish. We kind of got lost trying to get from self-parking to our room because there are different towers, but I think all hotels are humongous and you'll get lost in all of them, but I would have hoped for a little more staff to direct us in the right direction. One of my goals in life was to see Penn & Teller and low and behold their home is the Rio which was very convenient. The show was amazing and I really enjoyed the comedy and the tricks they performed. Just make you sure you get your tickets for any show at Tix4Tonight located along the strip because tickets are half price there for most shows. We also saw the CIrque Du Soleil Viva Elvis show, also very entertaining eye candy in that one. The Carnival World Buffet at the Rio=Gargantuan and scrumptious. We paid about 45 dollars for three people because we got the discount voucher at Tix4Tonight. So much food variety, I can't explain how many options there are. I loved the sushi and the pastas. I am a sucker for dessert and the gelato and cake selection were heavenly at this buffet. All in all for the affordability and pleasure that the Rio offers to strip-goers (not strippers) is great. If you don't mind doing the shuttle thing to save some money, then please come to the Rio. One knock is that I lost 30 bucks here at the slots, which I am dumbfounded why that is? I thought it was easy to win boatloads of money at the slots :P But my Dad did win 60ish bucks so kudos to him!
3	Cheap rates as compared to other hotels on the strip. Two nights here on a weekday cost me around $80 total, and I got bumped up to a premium suite on the 29th floor with a king bed and a strip view. The room was a little dated, but an effort was made to update it a little. The linens were neat, no ugly 90's geometric pattern on the comforter, unfortunately it was on the curtains and on the carpet. The bathroom was small, but clean. If you don't want to drive to the strip they offer a free shuttle to Bally's and Harrahs every 30 minutes.  The Valet is a little slow.  The pool was great, two pools (not including VooDoo) with waterfalls, one with sand bank. third pool was temperature controlled (I think), perfect temperature, not too hot and not too cold. Overall good hotel if you're looking to just get away for a few days, but not over spend.
3	I was part of a group that stayed at the Rio from 7/22 - 7/25.  I booked a standard room for my husband, young daughter and mother to stay in.  We arrived at the desk a little after 3:00 p.m. and the line was quite long.  It took us about 25 minutes to check in.  Our room was on the 16th floor of the Ipanema tower.  The rooms were large, but nothing fancy which was expected as our room was comped.  We had a mini fridge and it felt too warm to keep perishables in.  It was a bit of a hassle because they are not self-adjusting and we had to wait for maintenance to come and lower the temperature to keep my mom's medicine cold.  The room appeared clean, but on the last day (thankfully) I did notice a huge pile of dirt and grime in the corner of the bathroom.The pool area was great!  One pool has sand around making it appear like a beach.  They have waterfalls which were a hit with our daughter.  The middle pool is just a standard pool and the third pool is like the first without the sand.  The pools are all shallow with the deepest being like 4 feet or so.  The only problem we had was that the pool area closes at 7 p.m. which is rather early in Vegas standards.  It makes it difficult to spend the day on the strip and come back for an afternoon swim.  The sandy pool closed at 6 p.m. and they turned the waterfalls off at 6 p.m. on the other pool too.  It does open at 9 a.m. so you could always do the pool first and then explore the strip in the afternoon as it is definitely hot enough to swim at 9 a.m. in Vegas (in July at least).  I would suggest renting a car as the Rio is quite far from the strip.  They do offer a shuttle service that runs to Bally's and back.  The first time we walked by, it was full and people were standing and waiting.  The second time there wasn't as many people, so it's hit or miss on the shuttle crowds.  If you are renting a car and staying in the Ipanema tower, make sure to park in the smaller parking garage (3-story) as it is much closer to the rooms.  All in all, I would stay here again if the rooms were comped or priced the same as it was for my friend who didn't get her room free ($30.00 a night).
4	Stayed here 7/23 - 7/26. The check in line was long and I was in it for about 20 minutes with about 20 more to go and a man started picking a few people at a time and took them to the VIP are to check in. He picked my on this second go round, so that was really nice. The room was big. Enough for my husband, 2 teenage boys, and 2 under 10. Plenty of room with the 2 queen beds and a pull out sofa. For the price it wasn't bad, spacious, clean room. The pool were nice. More than one and the building provided shade in the afternoon. I requested linens for the sofa and they were brought up in 10 minutes. On our second day I had to return to the room after we had gone downstairs and when I returned, the housekeeper was tending to the room. I said hi and told her I was going to get something. Well, my husband had moved the bag to the closet and when she noticed my attempt to retrieve something quickly had failed and I was walking aimlessly, she nicely asked me to put my key card in the door. I told her no problem and thanked Flor for asking me to do so. That was great that staff are taught to do so and not afraid to ask guests to do this. Equals asking for ID when I use my credit card at the store.  The down sides: No free internet, no microwave in the room, the fridge wasn't very cold, low shower pressure, and only three bath towels in the room daily (I need more). I had asked the girl who checked me in (in the VIP area) to block the TV of purchases. When we got in the room my 8 yr old turned on the TV and didn't realize he bought Spongebob for $4.The coffee maker in the room is a Keurig. If you have one bring your own K-cups. They are available for purchase in the room, 3 for $8! And there wasn't sugar or creamer, but I guess you could borrow some from Starbucks downstairs!
5	I am a big fan of this place. The rooms are quite large, and have floor to ceiling one-way windows! Not a bad view in the whole place.  It is located off the strip, but since it is a Caesars property they offer a shuttle to the strip.  They have a great pool, an enormous buffet (half off for locals). The Rio is a bit more expensive than the next door neighbor the Gold Coast but well worth it. This place is a must check out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	This hotel used to be really nice when it was one of the few All Suites Hotels.  Haven't stayed here in about 5 years or so until this past May but that was only because I took my parents to Vegas for the weekend and they like this hotel casino.Rooms are ok but have become quite dingy and not as well taken care of as they were before.  I always remembered their showers having a small window into the living room area which could also be used to see in but my room during this stay didn't have that, which wasn't a big deal since I stayed in my own room.The restaurants here are mediocre at best.  Steaks at the All American Grill are decent and reasonably priced.  The World Carnival buffet which is usually the big hype of this hotel's dining has a lot of selections, but seems to have lost some of its luster compared to how things used to be.  Maybe this is because we're getting spoiled by how much better the other buffets have become.  Always entertaining to watch the bartenders on the Masquerade side with all of their tricks and juggling.Sports book is large and comfortable when betting on horses and watching your sports.  The rest of the gaming area is spread out across the whole property from one end to another.  The table games area is rather small with limited tables.  Not a bad hotel, but I prefer others.
4	the rooms were suites and very big and hotel was amazing.PRO's-hotel was amazing. lobby was big, lots of shops and casino was big and poppin the whole time with music and attentive cocktail hosts.  Rooms were amazing.  all the rooms are suites, big 540 sq.feet, beds comfy, couches comfy, tv big, central ac, floor to ceiling windows, i liked the fact that the bathroom had sinks inside the bathroom and outside in a seperate area, big closets, tubs. loved everything in this hotel.  pool was amazing as well.CON-the only con was the parking garage is small, and the hotel is off the strip, and the taxi cab stang is around the side of the hotel and always had a long line.
2	NOTE:  We did not overnight at the Rio, but spent the evening in the casino and had dinner.Overall, the Rio was just OK (2.5 - 3 stars depending on location.)  Our experience:Bar Areas - 2 stars* The Irish Pub At The Rio - shuttered closed (none of the staff were aware of this!)* IBAR - loud and obnoxious music and too many videos.* VooDoo Rooftop Nightclub - should have gone here, but it was too early.* Masquerade Bar - It was the best of the rest, but seating was limited and table service was non-existent.  So, we opted to get a frozen drink from a stand by the entrance and check out the place.Village All Seafood Buffet - 2 starsIt has many rave reviews, but it smelled fishy and was $48/person.  We opted for the main buffet.Carnival World Buffet:  Food - 4 starsThere were many food choices from the very basic to the fairly stylish.  The quality was higher than other buffets I've seen.  And, the food was mostly tasty.Experience - 2 starsFor $39/person, it should have been a much better experience.  The wait was ridiculously long.  The seating and "service" were totally absurd.  It was like eating at noisy & crowded food court in a shopping mall.  The host sent us a to table with only 3 seats,  yet there were 4 of us.   I had to walk around the restaurant pleading for an extra seat from other customers.Given that The Rio an older property, you'd think they'd have gotten it together by now.   We won't be returning anytime soon.
3	A good-looking casino. The big negative is that it's off the main strip. The big positive is Penn and Teller's show which is definitely worth checking out.
2	It may have been a 4-star when it first opened, but that is no more.Everything about the room was so tired, worn out and dirty. Even thecurtains were badly stained (I don't wanna know). Soooo smoky. The Riodesperately needs an update of the rooms and ventilation. Also, would be nice to have the pool open later.
4	My 4 friends and I stayed her recently and had a great experience.  I purchased a TravelZoo Deal so two nights between 5 girls came to under $50 per person.  Awesome!  I was worried because none of us had stayed here before and I didn't know how clean/nice the rooms would be or if they really were suite size or smaller.  With 5 girls we need all the space we can get for little money.  We were all pleasantly surprised at the size and cleanliness of the room.  We had two queen beds and a sofa - perfect sleeping arrangements.  There was plenty of floor space for luggage without feeling like we were on top of each other.  The bathroom had the toilet, shower, and sink plus a separate area outside with another sink, huge mirror, mirrored closet, and a fridge.  This was the perfect size room for all of us.  We liked that the hotel was off the strip because the casino wasn't packed with people wander through.  We spent Saturday at the Topless Pool (which was not as scary as I thought) and bought one of the lounge couches, with umbrella for my pasty skin, at only a $100 total minimum tab which we exceeded with one round of drinks.  The drinks came in plastic take-home tumblers with straws which we used for drinks the rest of the weekend (and have been deemed our drinking cups).  Our server at the pool was super friendly and awesome,  she even remembered my drink when I ordered a second one which is impressive considering the amount of people she was dealing with out there.  At night we went to Buzio's for dinner, which was very good and then headed up to the Voodoo Lounge for drinks and dancing.  The view up there is awesome and the music was a good mix of old school and current hip-hop.  Overall, we had a great stay and would definitely consider going again.  Yes, the hotel is a bit out-dated but is still clean, nice, and spacious.
1	Roach spotted in ladies room closest to the Big Seafood Buffet. YUK!
4	Great rooms. They just need to upgrade the TV to the 21st Century.
5	Visting Las Vegas for the first time, staying at the Rio was a true Las Vegas expirience. The ambiance is amazing. The casino is clean and busy all the time. The staff was incredibly nice and helpful and the food and bars were great. The pool has an amazing set up and the whole hotel promotes true Las Vegas style fun!
4	The rooms are wonderfully sized and clean. I love the views some of them give you that look out towards the strip. The casino seems to be a bit more smokey than some of the other larger casinos which is a bit of a disappointment. I think it's because they have lower ceilings than some of them.However, the problem is that it's far from the strip which means you could spend a good amount of time standing around in the desert heat waiting for shuttles to and from. I also wished they had kept the Lucky Strike there. That was always fun. But at least they still have the amazing buffet!
3	This is for the Convention Center sectionI came here for the Star Trek Convention this year. Hell yeah I'm a Trekkie. I've stayed here before many times as well but not this trip. Note: They do have a rate for convention goers - you need to call and ask and show proof of entry to the convention.Anyways, we used the conference rooms for the Trek events and they were spacious and the rooms had their own outlets every few feet - to charge phones and cameras! YAY!I got to charge my phone while taking photos :DThe only problem is - you can get lost in here. I couldn't find the convention area. The signs were tough to read. I know I came to the convention last year, but I don't remember where to go. :PRooms are nice tho! I've stayed before for bachelorettes and the conventions before.
1	This hotel is a smoker's paradise. Everywhere you go even your room has a hint of smoke. I think they have smoke scented plug-ins.... If someone wants to smoke ok but for all you nonsmokimg individuals who hate to smell smoke, smell like smoke, allergic to smoke STAY AWAY. I do not smoke and felt like I consumed a pack a day. Service: RUDE MANAGEMENT,  LIARS WHO DO NOT CONVEY CORRECT INFORMATION.Rooms: OK....smoke smell, outdated, 1900 TV, housekeeping does ok job. Hallways dirty, food outside rooms kept there for days.SPEND MORE MONEY AND STAY SOMEWHERE BETTER!!!!
3	This was my first time stay at the Rio, so here's the breakdown. Staff: 5/5Friendly & polite.Room: 3.5/5It was a conjoined room (suite), and I had the room with the king-sized bed all to myself. The room includes a sectional sofa, tube t.v., a Jack & Jill sink, & a typical shower/bathroom. The reason why I gave it a 3.5, is because the pictures from the t.v. fluctuated between black and white, and then to color.  And the floors needed to be vacuumed, or at least underneath the bed.Bed: 5/5So COMFORTABLE.  Not too stiff or too soft, just the right amount of firmness to give you support, yet cradles the body.Extras: 5/5I love that they give you a mini fridge, that kept my water and left-overs nicely chilled.  There's also an ironing board and iron; good for last minute presses.  Hairdrier (standard), and a single cup coffee maker (coffee is, of course comes with a fee).Noise level: 4/5Walls are pretty insulated, however, loud conversations can be heard, though. But overall, outside noise was kept close to none.
1	Drove hours across the hot desert with a eight-year-old boy dying to jump into the pool, only to be told that the one and only pool at Rio has been reserved for a private event - namely a convention. Sorry, but there was no mention whatsoever on the website, or when we made a reservation, that the pool would not be available. When asked for consideration, the manager brushed us off and offered us the use of a pool that closed in 20 minutes across town. Poor.It is not, nor should it be, acceptable to lease out the one and only pool in a desert resort for a private function without at least notifying guests of the inconvenience, and/or offering them a discount. Very unprofessional. Coffee maker in the room: great. $8 charge per coffee pod: not so great.Cockroach in our 11th floor bathroom: a wonderful reminder of my college days in NYC...not.Mattress was torturously saggy. Just like college, except without a door to put underneath.Won't be coming back.
3	This place looks old compared to the other hotels in Vegas. It's OK if you get a good deal but not a great place. I was "upgraded" to the Ipanema tower which was a bit of a joke as it looked like all of the other rooms I had seen online. The casino floor is filled with dealers who don't look to happy to be there but that are friendly enough. I would say that if you have a few days to spend in Vegas and are looking for a cheap place that is OK, this is your place, if you can spend the extra $$'s, go to the Venetian (just as cheesy as all of Vegas but nicer looking) or Caesar's Palace.
5	Front row seats at the Hells Kitchen taping with Gordon Ramsey... Amazeballs!  The process of gettin in was a nightmare but the show was worth it.
2	Meh, this place is okay, went here for a wsop tournament. It is annoying how you have to take a cab too and from this place. I also saw Penn and Teller here which was awesome, would definitely recommend that. I have heard from a few other poker player that the Rio has huge problems with theft around the wsop
3	Older hotel with nice staff. Room was big, but  very outdated. The room was also suppose to be non smoking but reeked of smoke. The price was one the cheapest in the area. The casino area was smaller but not too crowded.
5	This hotel is really under appreciated. It's got great games, great entertainment (hello Chippendales and performance in the sky), but best of of all, it has an excellent buffet. Rio has two buffets - one "world cuisine" and the other seafood. We went to the former. It was one of the best buffets I've been to. The selection was fantastic - prime rib, spanish food, great seafood, sushi, etc. Everything was cooked to perfection - the meat just fell apart. Everything I had, which I'm sad to admit was tons, was excellent. Totally worth the wait and the money. The best part? The dessert bar is to die for. They have a gelato bar plus mini desserts, so you don't feel bad when you eat like 3 of them. Well, you may, but you have an excuse - they're mini!
4	Got a room for $22 a night, super cheap, the rooms were pretty nice though. I stayed in the old wing and you could tell that everything in there was pretty old, but it was still clean and a huge room. The gaming is alright, they don't have a very popular poker room for 1/2 NL, only about 2-3 tables going during prime time. Getting from the Rio to the strip was really easy though with the shuttles.
3	We went to go see Chippendale's and was quite.. disappointed. What's with all the slow jams singing? Seriously just take it off. I guess I wasn't really aware of what this show was really leaning towards. The dancing was off, you can see them count their 8-counts steps. The men were sexy, but that's just about it.  The experience was alright though, I suppose. I just would think it'd be better. -_-
2	this is the second time i've stayed at the Rio in ten years. We got there on a friday night at about 1am. When we got to the room, the beds were not made, towels on the floor, and drinks from the previous guests were on th bathroom counters. My wife called down to complain and they said they would send up housekeeping, but I thought an entirely different room was more appropriate so we went back to the front desk and requested and got a new room. The problem with a lot of mediocre establishments now is that there is no legitimate effort to make things right. The front desk person really acted as if giving us a dirty room and then changing it was no big deal. I guess this is why I probably will not go back, As I seem to get older I expect good if not great service all of the time. The oh, I'm sorry sir, here ya go kinda attitude really doesn't cut it anymore.
1	We went there for a show on 4/22/12. The representative at the ticket box office was very rude. We were already in line and he told us to go to the back of the line, because he assumed we cut everybody.The need to re-educated staff to provide better customer service.
1	Wow. I have never had a worse experience at a hotel. I have been a loyal Total Rewards member for many years and have had good experiences with all the Harrah's hotels I've stayed at up until Rio. I made reservations at Rio for Fri-Sun and arrived late Friday night/early Saturday morning at 3:30am. Upon arrival, I was told that our room had been given away because the reservation only held until 3am. This made absolutely no sense to me since I had already been charged $80 something to hold my spot for the room. There were about 2-3 other parties at the counter that this also happened to. The manager (Gia) claimed that all their rooms were booked for the night and that if she had a suite or a penthouse she would give it to me but she didn't, which I think was complete BS because the place was totally dead (which is unusual for Vegas hotels even at 3 in the morning).So my friends and I left Rio and drove to the strip desperately looking for a place to stay. We went to Harrah's and explained our situation and what happened over at Rio and I am SO HAPPY we did. The lady at the counter was very apologetic (Rio and Harrah's are under the same umbrella) and accommodating. She even told us that, "they're not supposed to give your room away if you reserved it." Her and the manager ended up upgrading us to a top floor suite and lowered the price for us several times.Overall, chances are this won't happen to you as long as you don't arrive super late like we did. But if you want a guaranteed good stay with quality customer service, don't stay at Rio.
5	If  you looking for a decent hotel to get away from the crowded strip, if you love buffets, winning some cash  while watching a show in sky and Chippendale then you will have a blast at Rio.  We stayed here for 2 nights during spring break, it was $150 total because we stayed on a Friday night. Their penny slots have really good payout. Dont forget to pick up a reward card and use it to play, you can also get discount for 24 hr buffets. After tax it will be around $50 and you will get to try 6 buffets. Rio has 2 buffets out of 6 buffets on the list. I got the king suit at Masquerade Tower with pretty view. I told the employee who checked us in, it was our first time staying here, so she really made sure that I got the best room.The room is very spacious and boy they have good makeup lighting here. There are a fridge and a safe in the room. Their TV is outdated tho, but we came to Vegas not to waste time in the room to watch TV anyway. There is also a couch which is good for a person to sleep on.If  you are thinking about having a bachelorette party, consider booking at Rio.I think they designed this place for girl (Chippendale? lol  ) because the shower area and make up area are separate so one person could take showers while other can do their make-up and trying dresses on in a larger space.They also have two sinks so no fighting here. Going to Vegas with a group of girls is a disaster if there is only one bathroom.My experience at Rio was awesome, I love the show in the sky, it is not for kids tho, I remember me and my sister got kicked out before for standing there.Staying in a place that not good for kids isn't any better because the adults are a bigger mess. Dont make eye contact or smiling to strangers if you don't want them to follow you to your room
3	Spent 2 nights there,  I felt we were charged 5 star prices for a 3 star hotel,  High prices for food and other amenities,  The rooms are clean but old with low technology, not like the 5 star sister hotels on the strip.  They even charge for wi fi, give me a break!  Unless you need to stay there my recommendatiion is to consider the newer hotels on the strip the newer amenities and the extra comp.  services offset the price difference..
2	Way off the strip, it's one of the sketchier casinos I walked though.  It was pretty dark and felt dingy. It's not worth it to go to their buffet either.
4	Rio! The rooms are nice, we booked on hotel.com and paid 90 bux for thursday and friday.There is a security deposit that is 100/night internet is 15 a day i believe, but im not so sure about itThe restaurants inside are pretty awesomeWe didnt win anything playing the slotsIt is really loud in here, even when in your roompeople shout from the hallway, it was annoyingLOTS of drunk people!Not so good for localsThe view was pretty great from our window
4	I love this place! Came here for a friend's 21st birthday and had a blast. The rooms were ridiculously nice (Just don't touch anything in the fridge no matter how drunk you are because most of the mini bottles are $10+!) We ended up walking to Walgreens on the strip and buying a bottle of Gin and I bought some wine. Now that's more like it.
5	This truly is a Vegas hidden gem.  We stay here every time while in Vegas and we love it.  The bars are fun and the layout is great.  THe restaurants have good food.  The service is always excellent.  The pool area is fantastic.  The rooms are all suites so they are all pretty nice.  The hallways are sooooo long.   They have shuttle service to Ballys and Harrahs every 1/2 hour so that will save you money on cab fair.  I REALLY do love this place.  The Voodoo lounge is a lot of fun too.  The prices are pretty steep but it is Vegas so you can't expect anything less.
4	Rio is a solid 4 star hotel, nice big rooms, clean, lots of good places to eat, big sports book, cocktail waitresses in the upper tier, if you know what I mean.
1	the rio is an overpriced waste of time and money! The 22 year old building is falling apart and all the ac vents are moldy and blow swamp cooler hot air. For $275 a night you can go anywhere else and be better off. The staff is rude and I consider this to be my worse Vegas decision ever (and there have been a ton of bad decisions haha). The voodoo club sucks, and seriously if you pop the cover off any vent they are covered in mold. Gross.
2	This review is for the convention / meeting room facilities. And I am NOT IMPRESSED. In many other cities the Rio's convention and meeting room facilities would be considered downright opulent and something a city would be proud to have for hosting events. In Vegas, it's like yawn, been there, done that, it's a little dated and not all that. Service: Hustle was the word of the day for our visit from the manager we directly worked with. Got service with a smile too. When a technical difficulty came up their IT staff was on the ball with a quick response. I always love that and give it mad praise when you get that kind of service. Food: The food was average. Pretty to look at, slow to get on the table, servers didn't pay attention and were sloppy in getting food on and off the tables and it is insulting to tea to lump their so called offering into the category of tea. Bleech. But that's where the positive comments come to a halt. Seriously if you're paying premium money to rent a room for an event and they roll out a cheap projector that is broken to the point they put a 9 volt battery under one corner of it so it would project a level image onto the screen? Seriously? Of all the comps I've ever received in Vegas, a 9 volt battery to fix junk equipment is the worst on the list. (See the picture, you can't make this stuff up.)If you forget a clicker for your Powerpoint, it's a cool $125 a day rental for something I could have bought for half price had I had the time to grab a cab and run to Fry's to buy one (including the cab fare and cabbie tip). I ended up making changes so it wasn't needed but the price they quoted takes "FLEECING" to a whole other level. When I compare the Gold Coast to the Rio in terms of price vs. square footage, quality of the space, quality of the A/V equipment, and yes even the staff, the Gold Coast quite frankly kicks the Rio's ass HARD. Anyone renting space for a meeting and considering the Rio needs to think long and hard about it as most likely they are not receiving the best value for their money. 2 Stars, and even the second star is one I'm on the fence about giving. But a placement on my Jackassery list is a must. As yes, I think sticking a braying jackass in place of the Rio's management team would do a better job of handling this place. (Again our one on site rep who I can't name was awesome considering she was working with crappy equipment). Oh and the extra valet we paid for...can someone give those guys some 5 hour energy before letting them loose to retrieve cars? Yeah, not happy. We deserve better. And we'll be getting better.
1	Very disappointing!  You may get a good rate but beware of all the hidden fees.  If you want to check in before 4, that will cost you 15.00 plus tax! When you get to the room, be prepared to pay for your coffee: $8.00 for three cups.  They have keurig machines so you can avoid this fee by bringing your own coffee.  There is no free wi-fi...that will cost you $15.oo per day.  Do you want a boarding pass for your flight home?  That will cost you at least $5.00 to use their computer and .75 per page to print out your boarding pass. I tried to have room service bring me up some extra paper cups but they said they would have to charge me for them. To top things off, the people who work there are very rude.I usually stay at the Palazzo or the Venetian.  I tried the Rio because I was looking for an inexpensive room on this trip.  After all of the fees, I ended up spending more money per night at this sub standard hotel than I do at the more plush Palazzo.I will not return to this hotel.  It simply was not worth it.  Try the Palazzo and you will be glad you did.
2	So glad I only stayed here for a night! This hotel is off the Strip and the crowd is completely different! I stayed here the first night in Vegas and actually felt bored! Everyone is a lot older here and just the way this hotel is laid out....is so scary! It goes really deep and the hallways are dark and cold...It just seems creepy like you could have something tragic happen to you. Ok I am probably being too extreme, but still! Everything was clean here just older looking. I was so annoyed by the fact that you have to pay like $25 just to use their gym. WTF? What kind of hotel does that. $25 for ONE day? and you would probably even work out for an hour at most.... kinda crazy. The only positive about this place is that they have buses that take you to the strip so you don't have to spend extra money on cabs.
4	Very cool casino....
1	Just stayed here for two nights  and the room was pretty good but when checking out they wouldn't honor a voucher for the stay they had issued and accepted when I had checked in. Honestly, I still can't believe it. Beware if you stay here and have a deal they might try and pull the old bait and switch on you too. Very shady and I had expected better of Harrahs. They could not have sent a stronger message that they do not value their customers.
4	This review is for a visit and not a stay. I thought this was a fun casino here at the rio, it's off the main strip but worth a visit!     I liked the I-Bar (we had full table service here for a birthday party so all i could drink was covered and top shelve...even better!!) bartenders and servers were all nice.Enjoyed the world buffet, many choices of food here. The buffet attracts crowds here so expect a wait in line.The mardi gras flying floats are a lot of fun, and i had a great time at the rooftop club "Voodoo Lounge" great views but pricey up there.All in all i enjoyed my time here and even left with a little more money then i arrived with,even better!!
4	rooms are big and roomy--comfy bed, clean and spacious...great price for having a total rewards card!!!
3	I have always liked staying at the RIO.  The casino is great.  There are plenty of nightclubs at the Rio, so you don't need to leave.  The buffets are awesome.  The pool area is great!  There is a shuttle that runs back and forth from the strip.  I've been coming here since college and I don't think the rooms have ever been updated.  The rooms are always clean and big since its a all suite hotel.  I would give this place 4 stars, but I think the Rio is in dire need of a update to compete with all the other hotels on the strip.
1	After 10 years, I finally had a chance to stay at The Rio.  Such a disappointment.  Check-in was slow.  Show up at 10 min after 4 pm and you already have 35+ people ahead of you.  If you booked through any online travel agencies like Hotels.com or Expedia you need to make sure whoever is checking in (spouse, etc.) is on the reservation confirmation.  Otherwise you would have stood in line for nothing.  They have a strict policy about not letting you check in even if you can show that you and the other person are listed under the same profile.  The hotel is off the strip and situated in a commercial area- lots of dilapidated warehouses and depressed residential area.  Free shuttle to strip comes every 30 min.  Show In The Sky is in the Masquerade Tower and runs between 6 pm and 11 pm on the hour every hour- it's free and they give out colorful beads.  Free passes to Voodoo Lounge before 10 pm is available at the front desk- there are breathtaking views from the hotel rooftop.  Supposedly, they have renovated rooms at the Ipanema Tower- not as tall as the Masquerade but they now have flat screen TVs.  If you want strip view, upgrade is $20 extra/day.  Although renovated, rooms at the Ipanema are not as well maintained as they should be.  Bathroom tiles have mildew, dull granite, shower head is falling apart and full of mineral deposit; tub is stained badly from heavy use that I can't imagine soaking in it.  Drapes are soiled and torn.  There was a bench at the foot of the bed and you can tell it had not been cleaned by the white encrusted spots on the upholstery and not to mention a giant footprint still embedded on it.  I wore sandals the whole time because I was afraid I would get fungus or some kind of bacteria.  Room was still smoky even though it was non-smoking.  The only thing that appeared clean (thankfully) was the  bed.  But even that was not comfortable.  We were initially given a room on the 16th floor but the tub was dirty and stained so I asked for another.  They gave us one on the 5th floor which was more stained than the last.  The rooms on the higher floors seem to be less smoky but elevators take forever to get you to casino level.  Rooms should be $35 because they look like something you'll find in a dirty motel.  There are hotels that go for $49 that may not be as big but are cleaner, renovated, and kept up than The Rio.  But hey, if everything I mentioned  is no big deal to you, book the room.  Or... lower your expectations for this "luxury" hotel... like BIG TIME.
3	Overall, it is middle of the road for me. I brought my dog with me on a long road-trip with stop-overs in Vegas and there is only a handful of hotels that allow dogs. I actually would give 3 1/2 stars but appears to be no half measures with Yelp. Sooo...What I liked: Allows dogs. They allow them and allow us to be up farther than the 1st floor. Not much farther to the 4th but my room actually looked out  over the road and I could see the strip. They give amenities like bowls and a bag full of treats upon check in which is nice. Also on several occasions, staff offered me more individual treats when out walking him.I didn't eat there except for BK so I can't review food. Did not like: As with all casinos, the smoke is overwhelming. And that reminds me, my pet-safe room was supposed to be non-smoking but someone must have been smoking in there for a while because the lingering smoky smell was powerful. Don't get in the way of Grannies and walkers because they will run your butt over. That said, it didn't appear to be any older than any other casino.Myeh: Penn and Teller show is there. Nice theater with a good view of the stage but up in the mezz. section, you couldn't really see what was going on in the up close tricks and they don't project anything on screens so much is lost.Liked: It appears that they are really chasing the younger crowd because there were lots of dancer tables with young women dancing, with a big set area by the masquerade tower. While I didn'to to Vegas for looking at that, my impression was that they were changing to keep it current but I'm not positive as I rarely go to Vegas (3rd time in my life). It had a good energy to it allMyeh: location wasn't terrible but wasn't good if you're comparing it to the Strip. You're a free shuttle ride away to a central location so driving the strip at night is not necessary. Physically, you're approx 1/2 mile or so so walking is an option. They don't allow dogs on the shuttle unless they are work dogs so leave the pooch at the hotel. Reviewing location is difficult but to me, this was better than Circus Circus because to walk the strip at night over a mile to get to the Bellagio to see the show is just nuts. Liked: The rates and room was great . Dogs get charged an extra $50 so for $94 and $80, I got a (seemingly) monstrous sized room of 600+ sqf. Bathroom is seperate (imagine a big room with a wall placed 2/3 in the middle) but has a small window looking into the shower from the bedroom. Leading to the bathroom is an extra sink with fridge and closet with a safe. My cold water handle was leaking and there was no security latch on the room as it was broken but I forgot to mention this. Overall seemed clean.Liked: back to dogs. The doggie relief area is actual grass out in front of the hotel. Other areas to walk are around present with bushes, trees and dirt. Compared to Imperial Palace and other Strip located dog friendly hotels, this place was a virtual oasis for the dog. I understand that space for parking is a premium and so on but if you put a pet-friendly hotel out there (Imperial Palace /Harrahs) don't use fake grass and never clean it. No one likes it especially the dogs. Oh, and the room location to the dog area is good at Rio. Not so with the other places mentioned before.That's enough. Eliminate smell of smoke better, and this place would be given more stars. The staff was friendly and helpful. Total rewards staff was great so use it...I would stay here again absolutely.
3	Old style Vegas showroom set-up, nice to see. Pity we were in the cheap seats. And additional pity that the dress code in Vegas means the floor show patrons felt that shorts, sandals, and BALL CAPS were appropriate. Ball caps. Really.
3	The rooms are awesome but I woke up to the smell of hot Dogs coming from outside. YUCK!!! So gross!
4	Really nice hotel a little off the strip but they do have free shuttles that go to the strip every 30mins or you could walk it in about 25mins. Room was a great size and very clean I'd stay again without a doubt.
3	Two elements to consider:1. Outstanding customer service!!! Ron was the man that checked us into our room. Incredibly friendly, professional, & funny. He upgraded us just because and made our first experience at Rio a great one!!2. Really outdated.  Our suite size was fab & we even had multiple bathrooms and a jacuzzi tub by the bed. A stellar deal for the $40 we paid!!! Furniture & decor was pretty painful though. Great price.... Definitely not the happening spot or classy in any sense of the word.
2	Highly disappointed.  After a long day that included travel and working a show I was excited to check in, jump in the shower and climb into bed.  Walked into the room at 7pm and it was a complete mess from the previous guests.  All the beds weren't made including the couch.  No clean towels, trash everywhere. At 7pm, the room should have been made. Had to leave the room for an hour. They charge $3 for in room coffee.  Breakfast cafe wasn't open til 8am.   There are so many better options on the strip.
3	Stayed here for a girls Vegas getaway. And overall it was just like the reviews says A-OK. I booked a room through a representative for the hotel who quoted me for a certain rate and then sent me an email. Upon arrival I provided them with the email and checked in. Check in was fine and easy. Rio has a lot of really good things about it. We loved the club on the top of the building. Would defiantly go there again.We loved the sports club/ food area. It was actually some of the best drunken pizza I have had. We went there almost everyday. They have some great quality food for a reasonable price. The hotel room was nice, had a decent bathroom, could have used a newer tv, had a mini fridge in the room already which was a nice touch. Was clean and tidy. The casino was nice. Not to big not to small didn't win anything but hey that's for another review. The hotel buses to the strip were okay. They need to schedule more buses during rush hours times and pay their bus drivers more because they deal with a lot of stuff and angry people since they were waiting for an extra 30 minutes in 100 degree heat. Upon check out we went to go pay our bill and to my surprise was was charged over by $100.00. I informed the clerk and showed her the reciept/email to which she admitted that they had made the mistake by not putting in the original price upon check in. So I proceeded to wait for over 50 minutes and do the math for the clerk trying to get the bill corrected. I informed her that because of their mistake we now missed breakfast, which they tried to give us meal comps but it would have to be a discount on my card that was attached to my room, with the recent mistakes in transaction I wished for no more and turned it down. In the end they informed me that the money would be returned to my card within 2 weeks. Well 2 months later I am still waiting and with over 3 phone calls still nothing. So I have given up. So in the end it was like a good marriage with a bad divorce.
1	DO NOT BUY ANY COUPON or deal for this hotel, ( ie. Living social / Groupon / etc.) I purchased (4) at $159.00 each for a group of us to go to Las Vegas. The value of each coupon was for $318.00 each.  Every time, I have tried to book a hotel using these coupons for the past 5 months, that I purchase for $159.00 each, I have been declined for some excuse or another. I have attempted to use these coupons at least six times in the past 5 months. Today, I have been on the phone for over 1 hour and 36 minutes so far, trying to get to someone to explain why I can't use the face value of the coupon that I paid for which is $159.00 each. I have been told that they have not been paid by Living Social, like the Rio Hotel is going to allow that...yes, and the wheel was invented yesterday. And many other excuse's including moving the date of our families religious event.  SO DON"T BUY A DEAL FOR THIS HOTEL unless you have excess amount of hours every week to spend trying to book the deal. And customer service is not their concern.
5	I was on vacation with my parents and was actually stuck in Vegas due to Hurricane Sandy (I live in Boston). I was originally staying at the LVH and didn't really like it that much. It was okay, but nothing impressed me. Everything in the building is sort of old and falling apart for the once glorious Hilton. The rooms are TINY and very run down. So I decided to book another hotel when I found out I have to stay 2 more nights in Vegas. After reading some reviews, I booked Rio. It's actually a lot better that I expected, especially for the price I'm paying. My parents are very Chinese and are not use to American food. Rio is very Chinese friendly hotel and is close to Chinatown, there's also 4 Chinese TV channels (2 Cantonese, 1 mainland and 1 Taiwan.) The rooms are way better than LVH (also no resort fee.) It was very big, there's 2 beds and a sofa with ceiling to floor windows. The bathroom is very clean and pretty as well. The only downside is that's it's not really on the strip and there's no way to walk there, BUT there's a free shuttle to the strip from 10am to 1am every half an hour to the Harris and Bally's. If I do go back to Vegas, I will definitely stay with Rio again!
2	You really have so many other good options in Las Vegas that are as/more affordable, so I can't justify any reason to stay here. The Rio is one of the more depressing, smokier casinos I've been in; nobody in the place knows how to mix a decent drink; and the rooms are horribly dated. A two-star rating is generous.As far as "entertainment" goes, it seems like no decent restaurant can remain open, leaving you with few dining options, and there really isn't a good bar. Yes, there are bars; I said "good" bar. What they do offer is as tired as the rest of the "casino resort." That said, the one thing I felt when I stayed there was tired. Vegas is supposed to energize you and make you excited to be in Vegas, not drain the life out of you. Even if you're there for a convention, I'd recommend getting a room somewhere else. Most of the better places to stay are a very short cab ride away. And if you want to actually enjoy your time in Vegas, you're going to need to take a cab somewhere else anyway. My advice would be to stay away from the Rio unless you absolutely have to go here, and then rest assured that you can cab it back to your better hotel when your Rio commitment is over.
1	Okay, so the Rio sucks! We are Vegas regulars and aren't really picky but I won't be coming back to the Rio any time soon! First thing was when we checked in, the guy could see we had three kids with us (we were in town for a wrestling tournament being held at the Rio) yet he put us in one of the closest rooms up top by the Voodoo Lounge which is open until 4am! So as we are trying to sleep, we just heard the base of speakers BOOM all f' ing night! And we had kids that needed to be up early to wrestle! Arghhhhh, we were pissed!  Being so tired when I woke up, I thought I would just make some of the "in room" coffee.  Nope, if you want coffee, it costs 8 bucks!  I don't even think Motel 6 does that!  Can you say tacky?!? Second, the elevators suck. It takes 10 minutes for one to get up that high and it takes 10 minutes if you are downstairs so you are screwed either way. Not like you can walk up and down 30 flights of stairs! Third, the rooms are totally dated and not very clean. No one ever came to clean our room during our entire stay.  Fourth, ate breakfast at the breakfast cafe and it sucked.  The food sucked, the prices sucked (16 bucks for a bacon and egg breakfast) and the service sucked.  Fifth, I did spend some time at the tables there and ordered mai tais from the cocktail server.  I had about five of them and they were different every time!  Not one of the drinks I received was an actual mai tai!  Ewwwww.  Oh, and the slot machines suck too.  I probably lost $300 bucks on the stupid slots there.  So tight, didn't hit a damn thing!  Now I'm wishing I would've taken advantage of the free rooms and food I was being offered at The Orlean's.  That would have been a much better option.  If you do stay here, make sure you don't gamble, don't eat, don't drink and request a room on a lower floor away from the lounge unless the crazy boom of a speaker lulls you to sleep at night.
3	I stayed at the Rio a couple of weeks ago and it was a decent experience. Maybe I'm just being harsh because I stayed at the Palazzo a couple months ago and nothing can compare. On the positive side, the Rio was clean and check-in was prompt. They were also accommodating in bringing us extra blankets and towels. The pool area looked nice but we were there at the end of the season and only one of the resorts' pools was open. I could see it being a fun place to hang out in the summer.For the negative side, it's a mile walk to the strip. There is a free shuttle that takes you to either Harrah's or Bally's but it only runs every 30 minutes or so until 12:30 a.m. The room was a decent size but being advertised as an all-suite hotel, I guess I expected more. One thing that I found odd was the window from the shower to the bedroom. This would be fine with your significant other but when staying with a group of friends, it's a little strange and potentially awkward.
3	I just got back from Staying at the Rio and it was a GREAT experience. I know its not one of the nicest, or flashiest hotels in Vegas, but it was clean, the people were nice the rooms are HUGE. Generally the food was great and we received great service. I know some of my Co-Workers rooms were pretty shady-so I suggest checkign out your room as soon as you check in and calling if there are any issues. You can't beat the price though i've stayed at the Excalibur in Vegas before becuse its Cheap but it looks and feels cheap the Rio did not- I would stay there again.
4	Yay!! I'm a fanIt's a tough thing to review a Hotel/Casino.  When I review them, I have to remember not to review them based on my wins/losses.  I also have to keep in mind that most of these hotels and casinos have a different vibe during the weekdays vs. the weekends.  Regarding the hotel.  I've actually stayed in their rooms at least 20 times in the last 10 years.  Room are clean, spacious, and actually cheap.  Only issue with the rooms is check in and check out.  These lines can get long. Bars:  These get really full and on the weekends, tough to get a seat.  If you're a single, it's easy. If you're in a group, good luck.  However, service is always great.  Bartenders are always attentive.  I've never had a bad experience with them. Sports Book:  During game time, gets busy. I actually still prefers Red Rock's Sports Book and even South Point's.  Still a good sports book with good deli right next to it. Gaming (Tables and Slots):  I don't play slots so I wouldn't know, but my parents say they're tight.  I like playing Pai Gow and 3 Card Poker here mainly because their limits are usually low.  Pool:  Small, but one of my favorite pools in Vegas.  Poker Room:  During the WSOP, some good games out here.  You just need to know who is playing seriously and the ones that are here to just have a good time.  Ambiance:  Definitely feel at home here because a lot of my peeps are here.  From patrons to employees, seems like everyone is a Niner Faithful.  For sure the Niner Empire is in full effect at the Rio.  Not a strip casino, but close enough.  You get the best of both worlds in my opinion. After all these years, still one of my favorite hotel/casinos in Las Vegas.  Doesn't hurt that they also offer local discounts at their restaurants.
4	Recently on a trip to Vegas, we decided to stop by here to check it out and ended up doing some gambling. Maybe I just had some better luck here but I managed to win a lot more at the slots here than just about anywhere else, more often too. The same goes for video poker, I won quite a bit there as well. I played probably 4 different slot machines and at least broke even on all but one. My luck with slots was way better here than just about anywhere else. The table staff are very friendly, and make for a fun environment. I played blackjack at three different tables, craps, and roulette, and every single dealer was exceptionally friendly and ran some fun tables where everyone felt comfortable. I noticed that many staff of other casinos are generally pretty quiet and don't exactly nurture an environment where people feel comfortable. This was definitely not the case with the Rio where I felt like I definitely am going to plan to come back to this place the next time I'm in Vegas. Despite all the other casinos on the strip we visited, this is the one I've been raving about to friends since I got back.The people here mix some above average drinks, better than other table drinks at most places I'd say. My whiskey sours where great tasting (and had quite a kick to say the last). The waitresses are very friendly and attentive. Coolest thing ever, someone stops by with an iPad so you can see all the available options and not even 2 or 3 minutes later (without fail!) they bring you out your drink. I've found myself waiting for 10 minutes at some other casinos.Moral of the story: If you want a great atmosphere, some great staff, and great drinks, this is the place to go. This casino was friendly and upscale, yet didn't have anything to prove like the other ones. It was comfortable and not too ostentatious. The people gambling there were also very friendly when compared to other casinos. I would highly recommend it for gambling if that's what you're here for. I can't really attest to the food as we didn't really eat anything substantial here, nor did we enjoy the nightlife or stay in the rooms. But if you want a great place to gamble, this is definitely it. I'll surely be returning next time I'm in Vegas.
1	Just not what we expected. Leaky toilet and wallpaper coming of the walls. I called about the toilet and got told to call back. Just pathetic of a major hotel in Vegas.
5	To call this a poker "room" would be a farce. It's more of a warehouse. You'll find any game or tournament you want to play. You'll see the WSOP. You'll walk behind the Grinder and say wassup. You'll watch Patrik Antonius win a 100k pot. You'll be at a fun table all watching games and mucking hands. Service really sucks for such a prestigious place, but the dealers are the best around. The walk from the strip can be a bitch in 100 degree weather, but it's well worth it.
5	For locals discounts:  http://www.riolasvegas.com/locals/discounts.htmlI stayed at the Rio on Thu/8 Nov using a $59 TravelZoo.com local deal voucher which included a 1 night stay, $30 dining credit and 2 passes to Voodoo Lounge.5-stars because:- All of Harrah's properties (Rio, Paris, Flamingo...) doesn't charge a resort fee (usually $20/night) for a stay.- Rio treats locals with TotalRewards especially well: 50% off drinks at any casino bar and The Irish Pub (which has a cool lounge area with sofas and room for beer pong), 25% off their restaurants (except for Hamada) and 50% off Rio Carnival World Buffett for me + up to 7 other people in my party and other discounts (eg show tix).- Rio has that free Masquerade Parade in the Sky performance Thu - Sat.  It's ok but it is free (other free shows include Treasure Island's pirate show, Bellagio water fountain show, Mirage volcano eruption and the Fremont Street Experience).Kind of a fluke:- That $59 TravelZoo deal turned out really well for me since at the hotel I only had to pay an additional $3 or so in taxes/fees (since there's no resort fee).  I checked the Rio website and an equivalent room that night was priced at $250+.- TravelZoo also included a $30 dining credit which I used at the Rio Village Seafood Buffett (which I wasn't really impressed with).  I had been to the Voodoo Lounge before so I didn't bother to go there that time even though they have a great view (especially at night) of the Strip/Vegas.- During check-in the Rio employee gave me a free upgrade to the 1,600(!) square feet room.  The room had a beautiful 140 or so degrees view of Flamingo Road (which Rio, Gold Coast and Palms are located).  It's kinda funny that the Rio room is bigger than my house (which is 1,548 sq feet with 4 bedrooms) but the Rio room only has 1 bedroom.
2	If you want to see Chippendales or Penn & Teller, Rio makes sense. It's definitely a cheap alternative but you give up being on the Strip and good restaurants. I would say it's like a Holiday Inn - basic but nothing special. I stayed in a fairly large room with king size bed but the mattress was thin. The sofa and chairs were stained. Room was clean but wasn't kept up all too well. The hotel overall felt dark and dingy. It's true that Rio doesn't charge resort fee probably cause it's really not a resort. If you want a place where you can crash after hard partying and don't care for in-house amenities, Rio would work.
3	Stayed here for our wedding weekend, which makes it pretty difficult to write a review. Casino reviews are tough anyway, but it's even more challenging when reviewing a place connected with a life experience.We stayed in a Masquerade Suite. Those are the large endcap suites in the taller of the two towers. The suite is around 1500sf, and has floor to ceiling windows that wrap around 180 degrees. From the dining area, past the living area, through the bedroom, and all the way to the jacuzzi tub, you get a view that includes both the Strip and the mountains.The view is to die for, especially on a higher floor.The furnishings are dated, and pretty worn. You will find frayed edges all over every chair. You will find gouges in the wooden frames of chairs, even some pieces missing. The bed is comfortable, but certainly not top-notch.Check-in can be annoying, unless you are at least Platinum with Total Rewards (the shared players club with Harrah's, Caesar's, Paris, etc). Platinum status is worth next to nothing in most parts of the country. But it's very useful at the Rio. Skipping the long checkin line is great.Guest services was friendly. I have no complaints there. But there were the typical number of glitches. Overall I would give the place 3.5, but I am rounding down. There just isn't enough "wow" factor for that 4th star. Because while many things at the Rio are awesome (great buffets, great rooftop lounge), those are items I can review separately, and those are items you don't have to be staying here to enjoy. You can stay somewhere else and then visit for a few hours.3 stars.
1	Stayed at the Rio 11/30/12.  Nice big room, but walls were thin to where you can hear everything going on in other rooms.  Someone was greeting people & discussing money every 2 hours.  Horrible night's sleep.BEWARE DO NOT TOUCH the minibar.  My room mate looked in it to see what was there and we were charged 8.65 immediatey  It's pressure sensitive so if you touch it....you bought it.  Even if you didn't take anything.  Coffee is $8.00 for 3 k-cups.If you want to check in before 4pm, it will cost you $15.00.Carnival buffet is large, but quality is not the same as it used to be.  Ate there on Thanksgiving, nice prime rib and the server carved me a half sliver of the fatty part.  And Thanksgiving turkey was a chopped loaf.  WTF?Epitome of "upcharge Vegas".
3	Not the most glamorous place on the strip with the most beautiful people, but it will do.....  Our room was clean, but wasn't up to par with some of the other Vegas hotels I have stayed in recently.  We were in a remodeled tower, but I felt like our room was already crumbling. Although it was large, the room lacked character. We were on the 4th floor, and heard loud music all night long, so it was difficult to sleep, but hey it's Vegas I guess I wasn't supposed to be in the room and trying to sleep. The front desk staff was kind and efficient but the check-in line was SOO long and I felt they could have used way more check-in staff. I would stay there again in a bind, but it won't be my first choice.
3	The Rio is a great place for a little stay-cation!  *$10 Carnival Lunch Buffet for Locals *Great poker action in the room (especially during the WSOP)*Penn and Teller with local discounts (Buy one get one free tickets)*Chippendales!  Sexy male dancers =)*VooDoo with an amazing view of the city*Free Masquerade show*Inexpensive, clean rooms*Pool with real sand!*Close locals parking Yeah I'm a fan of the Rio!
3	I got a really good price via travelocity, $30 inclusive!  Upon check-in, I was offered an upgrade for just $75 more for a VIP suite -- done!  The room size was impressive, 1600 sqft, and tons and tons of windows in every room, but was not sexy at all. It's dated and just not deluxe in any way, shape, or form, and felt more like a timeshare, decorated in beiges and browns.  Full-size living, room, dining room, jacuzzi bathtub, shower stall, and 1.5 bathrooms.  While I accepted it due to the price, I couldn't believe that it didn't have a mini-bar, stocked with little bottles and snacks!  I need my overpriced snacks darn it!  Front desk said that they don't offer it right now.  UGH!  Thanks, I just had a pizza and a water delivered from room service for $30 instead.  THAT SUCKS!Positives:-------------1. Lovely check-in service, professional and efficient.2. Lots of dining options, incl 3 different buffets (recommend the Village Seafood Buffet, see my review at http://www.yelp.com/biz/village-seafood-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:ORgHZND2Wh-r-WNeAXTK0g)3. Free show in one of the main gambling areas (to the right of entrance).  A hip/hop, pg-13 burlesque show (called "Show in the Sky") -- fun, sexy, but can't say it's amazing singing talent -- hey, but it's free.4. Chippendales show -- you know you're curious for some hunka, hunka, burnin' love.Bookmarked for another time:--------------------------------------1.  Voodoo Steakhouse - is gorgeous. Walked around and loved what I saw.  2.  Martorano's Italian - open for dinner only, didn't get a chance to go, but this is SOOOO bookmarked!3.  Irish bar - Told it has very limited days and hours, and unposted to boot!Eh:------1.  Voodoo Lounge - amazing 270 degree view from the 51st floor, great music, luscious go-go dancers, and fun bartenders - but that's it - 2-3 star (see my review, http://www.yelp.com/biz/voodoo-rooftop-nightclub-las-vegas-2#hrid:syIIUeiEBe2eFH60M9JuCQ)2.  $13.95 extra for wi-fi, and Yelp has blocked the IP range for the hotel.  No access for Yelp!3.  Location - it's off the strip, so I'd only recommend staying if it's an extremely good deal.
3	Well, we arent at the Venetian, but for a cheap weekend and a decent place to stay I would be here in a hot minute.  They recently remodeled and it turned out pretty nice.  Checkin time is REALLY late, 4pm.....and checkout is 1pm.  To checkin early its an extra $16.  I didnt even ask what it was to have a late checkout.  Very close to the strip, a cheap taxi ride and right next to China Town where you can get some awesome food!
5	Cool hotel/Casino off the strip .. Been here a bunch of times throughtout the years. All rooms are suites here. Pretty big open Casino.
5	I LOVE THE RIO! Coming there every so often to vegas, this is my go-to place.  I'm there for work and appreciate having a quiet little haven of hotel rooms there.The rooms are very quiet(usually- though a few days ago I had to call down for a noise complaint- they sent up security asap and fixed that), and the rooms are nice and huge. At least in the Ipanema tower. The staff is really nice about working with you to get a room you want too. In the lowest rate rooms, there's an empty fridge, comfy chair, couch, king bed, floor to ceiling windows and really a ton of space for a hotel room- and very low rates if you book wisely, ahead of time, etc.  I recommend getting a total rewards card when you are there the first time- my room was basically free my second stay there after my comped rates.  Also, my big yays about the location- right on a bus line leading to several grocery stores only a few mins down the road. For natural food, look up Sprouts. For even closer cheap grocery food, look up Food for less(crazy cheap). Also, close-by-ish is china town(99 Ranch is a great asian food store). I'd really recommend getting a taxi there if the busses aren't convenient timing wise, tried walking, wow takes longer than I'd have thought. Also, trader joes is not terribly far, though you'll have to change busses after a very short first bus ride.  I'm really not into eating at restaurants at casinos, so eat really well when I'm there as I make everything in the hotel room!
1	This place is unorganized,  under staffed,  and the staff they do have doesn't seem to care. Rooms are very clean,  but equiped like an extended stay hotel.  Vegas hotels sperate them selfs by service and this one doesnt seem to have any real service.  This hotel/ Casino is closer to extended stay then a casino resort.  The valet are the most caring on the property and great. I wouldn't stay here again,  and I come to Vegas 4th times a year.
3	I recently went to Vegas for my bachlorette party in early December. I booked Rio because for 4 girls, 2 rooms with a strip view the total was $400 that's a $100 each! We stayed over during the weekend and by comparison this was the best deal.I was really confused with picking a place to stay at in Vegas but looking at some of the pictures and a map of the Rio I decided to stay here once I noticed the price was so great! The rooms were cool, we stayed at the imperial suites the "strip view" was lame but the beds were comfy room service was great! and we were glad Chippendale's was downstairs--- it made for our easiest night out! The CONS to this place,you're forced to cab it everywhere-- that or take the shuttle everywhere definitely NOT walking distance to anything. If you were as confused as I was when booking I'd recommend staying at The Paris hotelorThe Venetian My 2 favorite places while I was there! My next trip I will definitely book there! Rio was okay for what it was and my bridesmaids were happy as it was everyone's first time in Vegas so it wasn't a total miss we all made it work but I'd definitely pay a little more to be on the strip next time.
3	We stayed at the Rio for a bachelorette party in August, and had a decent experience staying there. First, the not-so-great things about Rio: there's constant room renovations, and we were in the wing that needed some serious updates; this hotel is definitely showing its age. We waited an unnecessary amount for an ironing board. And because like most hotels in Las Vegas, Rio is a themed hotel, there were also some pretty Cheesy with a capital C things going around the hotel, like that random show they have where they threw beads. OK, actually that was pretty awesome. Otherwise, Rio's an overall good choice for our party. You get what you pay for in the hotel rooms, in that it's a basic four-star accommodations. It's got a great rooftop club with amazing views of the Strip. The Chippendales perform here, and now that I've seen Jaymes and James compete on the Amazing Race, I kinda don't giggle in incredulity anymore. The pool area is huge and renting out a cabana is a great deal for a big group. It was definitely the perfect veg out experience, so very Vegas.
1	BEWARE! The RIO Hotel staff, managers, supervisors, restaurant manager along with hostess', and their security lack customer service skills and any human skills to be exact. I Just stayed at the RIO Hotel from 12/20-12/23 with a large party of 12 and had booked 5 rooms. Two of our rooms had a breakfast buffet included each morning for the duration of our stay. We attempted to use this the morning after check-in and was given hell at the cashier at the carnival buffet after waiting in line for 1 hr, another 45 min. wasted on incompetent cashier that didn't understand and for the front desk giving her wrong info. After 1 hr. 45 min, my husband aggravated along with 11 others in the group, patiently waiting to finally eat, when the hostess threw our receipts on the ground after telling her to please hurry up and seat us because of the long wait. She deliberately threw the receipts on the floor and ignored our party and deliberately took the party behind us. Upset and beyond shocked on what occurred, my husband started yelling and raising his voice on what occurred. This brought the restaurant assistant manager Abby, came to the scene defending her hostess and wasted no time talking to us, but rather doing nothing except for calling security and refusing our parties service. All we wanted at this point, was an apology, respect and to sit and eat. She said we weren't welcomed and we had to leave and they would refund us our $. After telling security we weren't leaving all we wanted was to be served, they told us to leave. We were escorted out by 2 security guards that had no regard for what happened in the restaurant and chose not to listen to our side of the story only the assistant manager. They lead our group out all the way to the reception desk as if we were drug dealers or had stole something. The head of security, Richard, was the only sympathetic and apologetic person we saw through the whole ordeal. He advised that he had no control over on the restaurant level and that the assistant manager Abby, has the authority to deny service to anyone. He walked back to the restaurant to receive our refund and Richard remained with us the whole time. We asked him to speak to the hotel manager to reflect on what just happened at the carnival buffet and to receive some type of apology.  Pamela Irion, hotel manager came to the scene and very quickly wasted no time to defend  the RIO staff and saw that we were at fault. She basically said they're private owned and showed no regard for what happened. I told her we were expecting an apology and maybe you as a hotel manager would care about the customer and keeping the customer happy for long term business and would offer our party a complimentary alternative. She immediately responded and said that that's not something she would do and refused. At this point, we were disgusted by the whole ordeal and our  stay at the hotel. We left to another hotel to eat and returned back in the evening and at this time walked by the front desk and asked to speak to a general manager, they told us he was on vacation and settled to talk with another hotel manager, Giacomo "Jack" D'Aleo who right Off the bat talked with a tone of voice that us in acceptable claiming that my husband looked at him in a intimidating way and he could understand why the carnival buffet ordeal happened. We were merely having a normal tone conversation and he was accusing us and again had no desire to hear anything from us. After getting no where with "Jack" did he end the conversation abruptly and we walked our way to the rooms. After about 1 hr., seating in my room, I found a knock at the door....a huge security guard along with "Jack," D'Aleo hotel manager, asking to speak with me. I had thought that after leaving him downstairs he came to his sense and was coming to apologize but in fact threatening us that if anything else happens from myself or anyone in my party that our rooms are considered "TERMINATED".......really! All I know after they left my room, did my party and I come to realize that this was all due to DISCRIMINATION, I urge you not to waste your time and $. Paying a little extra $ to stay at a 5-Star hotel to ensure your family a good time is priceless. Just think of it as discounted price = no customer service!
4	We got a good deal on this hotel through Kayak, and wanted to be near the strip. Overall the hotel was good, especially for the price. (About $35/night). My few complaints were that I found the pillows they have on the bed a little uncomfortable. We also had to leave the water running in the shower for about 5-10 minutes for it to get hot.The hotel has a good casino, good location, and good food. They also offer a shuttle to the strip, which is nice if you're going to be drinking a lot.
3	On a Vegas trip with my boyfriend and his family, we were able to book 2 nights here for a good deal. However, there were just some inconveniences with the room that makes me not want to be a returning customer. First of all, there is no switch for the room "light." Instead, the only light sources for the bedroom are some lamps by the bed, desk, and couch that requires manual power. If you need some decent light during the day, you're better off opening the curtains to let the sunshine in. Also, the TV is placed in a very weird position. It's not facing the couch nor the bed, it's actually placed off to the side by the wall in between the couch and the beds.Although there is an option for you to pull the TV out from the cupboard and for you to swivel the TV around to face the bed or the couch ... it's quite inconvenient when you have people sitting on both the beds and the couch. The arrangement of the furniture is one thing that I did not like about this place.Not only that, but I do believe that the hotel staff should better prepare their rooms for incoming customers. When we arrived, we found that there were not enough towels and the TV remote battery was dead. -.-Another thing about this place are the elevators. Of course, I understand the Christmas rush of everyone coming in for the holidays, however I do believe that the staff should fix some of their elevators. This would only alleviate the elevator traffic that my boyfriend's family and I had to endure during our stay here. We had to wait for about 15-20 min for an elevator to not be full of people. And not only that, if you are lucky enough to get on one, be prepared to stop at EVERY SINGLE FLOOR since everyone is planning to get on the elevators.But other than that, the rooms that we booked were pretty spacious with a pull-out couch, and housekeeping was nice. However, given the other 'cons' of the situation, I believe that I had much better stays at other hotels for either the same price if not more.Happy Holidays. :)
4	I've always wanted to stay here, and now I have. The place is older, but just as valid as any casino hotel. It's owned by Caesars Entertainment so I expect some quirks.They let the Flamingo go down the tubes and seem not to care about guests getting very dirty crappy rooms while others get the new remodeled ones. This property is nice, rooms are clean but I see signs of deferred maintenance. For example the elevators were hit and miss. A lot of the buttons won't light up and some refuse to stay on, like the down  button on floor 6. ( We found we could push the up button, get in, and press floor 1 and it worked )Elevators at rush times really suck. People were standing 20 minutes to get down out of the tower. One would think they would want the guests ushered down to the casino as fast as possible. Again, going up, then coming down was the only way to make it work.Someone spilled ice all over the carpet in front of the ice machine. Instead of cleaning it up, which would have taken a few minutes, someone just plunked at wet floor sign there. Hard to believe.A guest had room service and left the dirty dishes in the hall, which is what you do, but we walked past those dirty dishes all day. Finally at night someone removed them. Just for your info, the guest left onion rings on the plate uneaten and I see why, they were burned and look like they were cooked in old oil.The little things matter and this hotel has lots of little problems. The auto door opener going to the outside near the garage was busted and just a bare plate is exposed. The auto doors near the Buffet to the outside were working then not working, then working again, then left open. The buffet here is always busy. They insisted on putting up a sign that said they would not accept local discounts for the busy week. That just screams cheap. I hate that. Another sign at check-in said something about a fee for early check-in. Really? You don't see that at classy hotels. That shows what kind of guests the Rio is attracting these days and/or how anal management is. : Let's air our mean spirited nit picky management style for all to see. I would hate working here.Our stay was good. Most of the staff is very nice. If you have a mini-bar in the room realize that it is triggered by picking up the drinks and auto charges your room. Look at your folio often. Our kids played with the mini-bar and had $38 worth of charges on our tab in minutes. Even if you put the items back the charges remain unless you call. They are very good at removing charges as a lot of people must do that. I'm not a fan of mini-bars as it seems like a way to trick the guest rather than provide a service. They provided a coffee maker, but the coffee was in the mini-bar and they would charge $8 for 3 cups. Huh? Am I in motel 6 or a classy hotel?The room was comfortable. Our view sucked as we looked over the roof and some utility stuff. They wanted $20 per day for a decent view. We didn't care, but again, it seems cheap. The heater and cooler kept the room very comfortable. The shower had plenty of pressure and warm water. The shower head could have been serviced and had the calcium deposits removed. The casino is nice, but the layout is very long and tiresome to navigate. My favorite machine is JackPot Party and I played and played with hundreds of spins and never got one party. That usually happens within a dozen or so spins in other casinos. I lost interest after a while and just saved my money.The pool area was closed because they close it from Oct 31st on. This seems like a big mistake for a hotel themed around Rio. At least the hot tubs should be open like at Hooters. Really they should enclose the pool and make it a year round party spot.Parking is plenty if you get there early. At night it can fill up and it's hard to park. I don't really like that especially if you are a guest. As with any casino hotel it seems miles to your car from your room and you must haul everything in. I guess that is because they want you to use the bell service and valet, which I never do. I don't like valet because I hate to beg someone for a key to my own car. To me waiting for a car is more of a pain then just walking to it. Television is ok but not a lot of choices. They want you to buy movies. There is no provision for DVD's that you rent or bring. The tv is in a weird location and hard to see  from both beds if you have a duel bed room.Overall pretty good. I liked it.
3	Good size rooms for the price. Easy parking. Sports book good for hanging out to watch some games. Maintenance dept is poor. Tried for two days to get through to have them fix safe but no luck. Overall, good but not great.
3	Good size rooms for the price. Easy parking. Sports book good for hanging out to watch some games. Maintenance dept is poor. Tried for two days to get through to have them fix safe but no luck. Overall, good but not great.
4	i really enjoyed my time at this hotel.  Yeah its off the strip but makes up for it with the amenities and fun things to do at the hotel. The room was huge and very comfortable. The only complaint I had is the shower took forever to get warm and had low flow. Otherwise I do agree this is a hidden gem in Vegas to stay at.
5	Theee best $27 we spent for a hotel suite through Hotel Tonight APP. Sister in law paid only $17 for completing a survey.
2	First impression when we walked in the door...everybody said in unison "What the hell is that smell!" Smelled like Sh!t. Seriously..  Good thing our friend had room deodorizer in her possession, which we're still wondering why. The room was large which was expected because all their rooms were suites. It's a lil difficult for me to not be biased from what I've been used to. I'm a regular at the Wynn, Encore and Palazzo but we got this room Comped so we took advantage of it and accepted it as...well.... Comped. The wall decors looked like they've been renovated but most everything else was out dated. The couch, carpet and drapery were typical 90's. The restroom was very basic. Nothing to brag about. There's no luxurious feel whatsoever but then again, it's not the theme. The plumbing for the two sinks need some work. I can hear the gurgling every time one of them is used. Wifi was not complementary and the TV channels were very limited. The outlets were broken. I mean the wall socket plastic cover was shattered revealing the inner walls and the actual socket was loose. When I tried to plug my phone charger to it, it turned off the alarm clock. Yes there's a short. Isn't this a fire hazard? The beds were comfortable. The linens were clean. Loss my butt off on Blackjack but that has nothing to do with the room. Had a great weekend nonetheless.oh forgot... It's a No Smoking floor but the entire freaking hallway was reeking of Cigarette Smoke. WTF? When we opened the door to go out, it's as if somebody was smoking outside and blowing it directly towards our door for us to take a huge whiff of. We even laughed about it. We get Cig smoke going out and Sh!t smell coming in.
2	Freaky hotel. Needed a cheap hotel for new year weekend and this was it. Bad idea. ProEasy check inNo resort feeEasy access to freewayNice front desk peopleWetzel pretzelConFunky smellAsked for renovated room but got a dilapidated room - ehShower head super loudDirty coffee makerThe carpet looks grossTv is awkwardly positioned ... Blocking the window/viewUsed room for 10 hrs... It was okay....
2	First night we got there the room was not that much clean. It was obvious that  the cleaning was done hastily and poorly after the previous guest had left. The next day was a little bit better.
3	Average hotel in Vegas with usually lower prices than the newer hotels. This is one of my pics when there are conventions town, because the price is still low compared to some others and it's closer to convention center than about half the hotels on the strip.
2	The suites here are average, and kind of disappointing.  The room was dark and just felt blah (dull).  I guess that I was expecting a suite like at the Venetian.  Boy, was I wrong.  It was not even close.I would not recommend staying here unless there was no charge.  On the positive side, the Carnival World Buffet serves yummy food!
1	Quite possibly the worst hotel in Las Vegas.Starting with a short (for LV) checkin line that takes 45 minutes.  A clerk at the counter who clearly doesn't like her job serves me and my group.  One reservation screwed up, not billing at the same rate as the others in my group, another 20 minutes and a manager escalation to fix it.Reach the room, it's raining outside, and the window is leaking, Drip drip.  No rooms available to move.  The carpet wet. Don't walk on the carpet with bare feat either -- their black after a walk around the room.Two days later someone else gets keys to my room!  They reset my key, not theirs.  I cant get in my room.  Luckily I knew the people, nothing stolen/damaged.  Getting my key to work takes another day, their equipment doesn't work late at night to issue a key when I realize the key doesn't work.  Security takes 20 minutes to let me in my room.In gets better:  my company sponsored a deck party at the pool, goes well, decent food.  Invitations have 12:00 as the shutdown time.  Security starts moving people out at 11.  At 11:30,  a man in a suit starts making threats to the guests and me up to and including calling the police to remove us (these are geeks, it's a tech event and the people aren't roudy - remember they think the event ends at midnight).  I complain.  The person yelling, is the security manager!  He tells me there are "40 police officers outside" and how his job is difficult and he doesn't care about my guests or my business.  $50k my company will never spend again at this hotel - a big investment for a party of this size in Vegas.Voodoo lounge party we co-sponsored went off at least went off without a hitch but the same unhappy staff served everyone.  Overall the entire experience couldn't be worse.  Probably the worse LV hotel I've ever experienced hands down.  The staffs level of job satisfaction is visibly an indication of a serious problem.Won't be staying there again or sponsoring events that are hosted there.
1	This was absolutely the worst hotel experience I have ever had. They lied to me over the phone, guaranteeing a specific room type, then not providing that room type. Further, the 22-something "supervisor" essentially called me a liar because I could not provide a recording of the call and spoke to me in a very condescending manner.  They made no effort to fix their mistakes, and informed me if I wanted it switched the kind I reserved I would have to come tomorrow in a specific time frame that did not work with my meeting schedule.  I went through great lengths to be there at that time, and they took forever.  They finally put me in the correct room type--in a room with a broken toilet next to a room of Russians cursing loudly all night.  Security was called and did nothing.  Allegedly they sent someone to fix it the toilet, then "left a message" saying I would have to change rooms.  There was no message left and again they called me a liar despite that they could not pull up any message.  I had to change my room at 2am and the room they put me in smelled heavily of marijuana.  Their bell hop insisted he had to come into the room despite me being very uncomfortable granting an angry 50 year old man ranting about how he makes his money and union rules into my room.  When I brought it up with the front desk they dismissed my discomfort saying it was "industry practice" (it is NOT--in fact most hotels would prefer their employees not enter a room with a guest alone.)  Because I would not let the "gentleman" into my room after his aggressive response when I asked if I could load the cart myself and bring it out, I was refused any help with my bags.  When I checked out they refused to sign anything confirming no incidentals had been consumed, saying it was against policy.  Now I see additional and fraudulent charges on my bill.  The customer service at this hotel is the absolute worst I have ever encountered--in any country or hotel I have ever stayed at, including no stars, 1 star-5 star.  Look at other places to stay, and avoid the excruciating experience of dealing with condescending liars and fraudsters who try to cite "industry practices" and "laws" that do not exist.  This entire experience was disgusting and not only will I never stay at the Rio again, I will avoid all hotels under the same management.
2	We have stayed here many times since the hotel was new.  It is getting a bit long in the tooth...time for a facelift.  Duct tape on frayed carpet edges reflect some of the deferred maintenance.  TV in the room needs to be replaced, the display was too dark to view.  Caulking in the bathroom needs to be repaired. Room service trays were left in the hallway all day.  Elevators were slow and some not working at all. Interesting shops and clothing stores have been replaced by junk trinket shops.Sao Paolo cafe service was GREAT!  food was mediocre, cold waffles and toast two days in a row.  Kudos however, to the manager at Sao Paolo, Airrion, for rescuing my Saumsung tablet I left behind accidentally.  Thank you Airrion for putting it safely in a drawer til I retreived it.We'll be staying elsewhere on our next visit.  This property really needs a do-over.
2	Stayed at the Rio for a couple nights during a tradeshow that was being hosted in their convention center. The property has definitely seen its better days - just kind of old and worn down. If you sign up for the Total Rewards card you can get some smokin' rates too - so if you're on a budget that might be handy.The rooms are all suites here, which is nice. They're quite spacious and comfortable. Overall, nothing about this place blew me away or made me want to come back. I didn't really see anything in the way of customer service - the staff all just seemed to have blank expressions and didn't really offer up any recommendations unless asked. Again, no biggie, but I just didn't feel like anyone there was very personable.As I've mentioned before, I'm usually not too picky when it comes to hotels - if it's clean and there's a comfortable bed, I'm good to go. I suppose the Rio fit the bill. Relatively clean (though the hallways were ALWAYS littered with in-room dining remnants) and my toilet would sometimes make weird gurgling noises. Oh and side note on the Rio - Voodoo Steakhouse and Lounge (located at the top of the Rio) are both actually really nice. If you don't stay at this hotel, it's worth it to check out the food and view one night during your trip to Sin City.
1	The company I work for just had a convention at the Rio and 40 people all got sick with the stomach flu while staying there. I even ended up in urgent care and many had to leave the convention early. On top of this I had made a 2 room reservation a month before the trip and had paid extra to have 2 rooms next to each other only to have them tell me they gave my room away. After complaining to the supervisor about the health issue going on all he could say was "ill pass it along" are you kidding me?!! Oh and to go along with health issues there was blood splattered on the bathroom wall in my room. This was an aweful experience,  Ill never stay here again.
3	The Rio is aging, somewhat gracefully. While it's not the best, it's not the worst. One thing I found odd, there is nowhere at the Rio that has a selection of craft draught beers.
4	Great value hotel. $100 for 3 nights! Cant go wrong. Rooms were big, clean n nice. I could care less how nice a room really is because i come to vegas to have fun and not for the room. As long the bed is good and clean. Anyways the rio has some good restaurants good staff. Only downside is they are located off the strip. So i spent alot of taxis.  The kJ chinese restaurant is good. Also this is where the WSOP event is held so has to be good! Great value hotel at its best.
4	I couldn't find the Yelp "check in" for the Carnival World Buffet on my phone for some reason so I'll just post it here.  Pretty decent food for a mid-level Vegas buffet.  Very wide selection from around the "world" prepared pretty well.  Dessert section is pretty good although it seems to a smaller selection for what I remembered during my last visit about 10 years ago.  if you need a "Vegas buffet" experience without having to break the bank, this is a decent option
4	There is a lot to like about the Rio Suites and Casino. The price is extremely reasonable, as I scored a three-night stay at $53.00 per night. The rooms are very large, with floor to ceiling windows with many of them offering an excellent view of the LV Strip, and the room was extremely clean. The casino areas are your usual mix of slots, table games etc., but the layout is very confusing. The pool areas were very clean, and if you party, this is a local hot spot. The Rio is across the freeway, and offers frequent shuttle service to two other of it's properties. The shuttles do fill up fast so you may end up waiting a while to get back the the hotel. Overall, a nice place just close enough to the strip where you can easily navigate without a rental car.
4	I booked this hotel due to its great price and i must admit that I definitely got more than expected. Its kind of off the strip but they do offer a shuttle that run every 30 minutes until 1 AM. The bed was extremely comfortable (not that you will be in it much in Vegas). Parking was on-site and free. I booked via Expedia and they had a disclaimer about a $200 deposit charge but the deposit was only the standard $50. I will definitely stay here again on my next visit.
4	While Rio isn't the latest and greatest billion dollar monstrosity, and isn't directly connected to the rest of the strip, they, smartly, address these shortcomings by offering a free shuttle between their property and the strip, really large comfortable hotel rooms with floor to ceiling windows, the biggest buffet I've ever seen and, well....cocktail waitresses with...uh...interesting costumes. ;-)
3	I did not like staying at the Rio. its to far from the strip and the rooms are outdated. they have a shuttle going back and forth but i did not like taking it. Spent about 150 bucks on cabs that weekend. Its not for me. You can have fun, i just like the strip much better. the first room i went to was dirty. We were quickly switched to a new room. But its never nice to get to a dirty roomStayed November 2010,
1	If you don't smoke, don't stay here. One of the smokiest casinos if been in. What happened to the LV clean air act? When the A/C comes on in the room you can still get a strong whiff of smoke coming up from the casino. You won't find me coming back again.
2	Stayed at the Rio because it was fairly cheap and have had a good experience here int he past, but you get what you pay for. Dirty shower, a refrigerator that is not level so it tips every time it is opened and closed causing the cabinet it is in to be worn away at the bottom, beers in the room that taste like they have been there for a long time and food all up and down the hall my room was in from spilled room service trays. Will stay elsewhere from now on.
4	I've stayed here three times. twice in the winter and once in the summer. The hotel rooms are always nice and the rates always a steal! All the rooms are suit sizes so it's perfect for big groups to be comfortable!Winter trips: this hotel is perfect for winter trips. It doesn't matter that it's off the strip because its too cold to walk around outside anyways. and rates during the winter are so cheap. I just got back and only paid 70 bucks a night!Summer trip: A hotel on the strip would be better during summer but this is a nice alternative. The pool is really nice, didn't realize the private pool area was topless but its all good! The pool is definitely the best part of the hotel, a lot of fun!Good hotel! no complaints !
3	We came here for the Penn and Teller show so I have never actually stayed here.  We got here early and planned to try and kill time before the show. After wandering around the floor for about 45 minutes we ended up back where we started and really had only entered a couple places. There were several "crappy Vegas t-shirt" shops and a tattoo parlor and that was about it.Decor was okay, even though it seemed a little dated. All the waitresses/servers wandering the floor seemed to have the skimpiest outfits I've ever seen on a waitress in Vegas. I was surprised that kids were allowed to wander around the edges of the floors, honestly.
1	I stayed here because it was cheap, but was disappointed by a lot about it. There was mold around the bathtub. When I called to tell the front desk, in poor English I was told "We give you 'nother room."I was already unpacked, and it wasn't worth the trouble. I just don't understand why you don't spray bleach around there and get rid of that.Also, it was perhaps the only hotel I've ever stayed at where they have a coffee maker, but the coffee you have to buy. Most hotels have tea and coffee there for you.There are other complaints, but it's after midnight right now and I just don't care enough to get into them all.Maybe if I win more next time in Vegas, I can afford a fancy suite and a bigger casino.
4	We are presently staying at the Rio for the NATCA Conference on Safety and Communication, and have been delighted with our stay so far. We are on the 22nd floor in 22011. The Masquerade Tower. Our room is spotless! We arrived on Friday and will stay 8 days. The check-in staff were professional and informative, and our room is large (a small suite) that has recently been updated with all new carpet, and gorgeous granite in the bath area. Brand new mattress set. No smell of smoke at all! no excess noise even though we are not far from the elevators. the windows in the suites actually have a feature that will allow you to let in some fresh air. The seated makeup vanity is a special added bonus, and made me feel like I was on vacation. The view from out room was over the swimming pools (several beautiful ones).  Off to the right is the Las Vegas Strip, and in the background an excellent panoramic view of the mountains. We hate to waste time and products, so we did not request room service until Sunday. Claudia was excellent! She was kind, professional, and her area (our room as an indicator) is SPOTLESS!!! (I say it again). I requested a limited service, but she quickly dusted and did a mini-full service. Her attitude was compassionate and caring. A runner also brought me some extra hangers because we are staying longer than an average stay. All of this happened within 30 minutes of my request! The staff that I have come in contact with, even in the casinos, has been warm and welcoming. They greet me and give eye contact when I walk by, and are kind when answering questions they must have hear 1000 times. When we were playing slot machines last night, a young man came up and took out drink order on an IPad and within minutes we had our beverages. We have been treated with warmth and respect. The Prime Rib at the buffet and mashed potatoes were perfectly cooked. The desserts were fun. The cost of the buffet seemed like a lot, so we just ate there one night. The breakfast restaurant in the convention area was excellent and reasonable and there are two Starbucks on site. If you are driving, I suggest you bring water as it is $3.50 a bottle unless you are gambling. I bought a water bottle that filters at the gift shop. it will pay for itself this week! The shuttle to the Other Caesar's properties took us to the strip and we spent a delightful afternoon shopping. This had truly been a memorable experience. I love watching the chickens cook on the spit over fire, and enjoyed a steak cooked on an open flame at another eatery on site (they Cook red meat perfectly at the rio). No complaints here. Excited about the rest of our stay! The payoff is in the small details, like cleanliness and how you treat your guests, and the Rio is doing a great job with that!
4	"THE RIO".... Getting into Vegas the rio is right behind Cesar's palace which is great. Inside the hotel has a pretty good drinking spot but dj is not up to date on tracks. The room we got was beautiful until u laid on the bed. It felt like there was a 400+ man previously slept on it, it sunk as soon as you laid on it. Never gambled before we played this game called "LIFE" we played only $20 and lasted us about 3 hours which we thought was amazing... They added the club KRAVE to the casino which pops on good night lol.. "RED ROCK" We left the strip to go to this city we heard was nice and had a amazing buffet. It was about 15 min away. The casino had a players club card that gave u the chance to win some free extra money. I thought that was a generous thing to do. My boyfriends first time gambling and he lost some money.. /: I think gambling is a sickness. "THE STRIP" me and my boyfriend seen the dancing water, this tranny dressed up like those dancers lmao, homeless people with signs like "why lie I need a whore". People need to get a real job.... We went to a couple nice malls. People that work in Vegas have no sense of direction , when asking for directions to certain restaurants they make u go in circles. The weather was very nice out there but pool at the rio was closed and the pool is the best part of Vegas.. I love Vegas and would recommend the next person to stay at the rio..
2	I may be underselling the Rio a bit, because I'm not a casino person, and only came here for a convention.  To be brutally honest, I'm no fan of Las Vegas, and would not be here by choice.  LV is a dreary place that caters to that pedestrian herd known as Middle America, and the sundry middlebrow tastes and excesses of the same.  Not much fun unless you actually ENJOY surrounding yourself with fat, ill-dressed, drunken Neanderthals who stepped out of an episode of "Jersey Shore", or "Here Comes Honey Boo-Boo".   So I add as a disclaimer that I am mainly comparing this experience to my usual hotel haunts that aren't casinos.THE GOOD: Lovely room for the price point.  Spacious and well-appointed, with nice granite-tiled bathroom and a nice deep tub (a real treat for those who prefer to spend their evenings soaking in a nice hot bath with a good book!).  The desk staff is very attentive and pleasant.THE BAD: Extremely poor value for money, in my opinion.  The degree to which the Rio 'nickel-and-dimes' you for services that most quality hotels offer complimentary is downright disgraceful, considering the overall profitability of casinos.  Want wi-fi?  Pay up.  Coffee in the room?  They have those 'pod' coffeemakers, but charge you for pods used (I was able to avoid this particular indignity, as the aforementioned very friendly desk clerk upgraded me to a suite where they actually do comp you the coffee).  Want to print out your boarding pass for the flight home?  You have to pay to use the computer ($5 minimum, final fee based on time used)!  Thank goodness Alaska Airlines now sends boarding pass QR codes directly to your smartphone, so bite me, Rio!  How about a late checkout?  Well, normal checkout is 11am (??? In a hotel where you know most guests will be up late carousing?  It is a casino, after all, isn't that what most people at casinos DO?).  They'll push that back to noon if you ask, otherwise -- wait for it -- pay up, sleepyhead!The Rio has a number of dining options, but frankly, I was underwhelmed by all the ones I had meals at (All-American Bar & Grill, Sao Paolo, Martorano's).  None were bad, but none were really memorable either, and horridly overpriced for what you were getting.  And beverages are heart-stoppingly spendy, unless you're gambling.  Also, the casino is not 'smoke free'; I'm going to have to use the few dollars I did win at the craps table to dryclean the smell out of my Italian suit!One last tip: the hotel has two towers, the 'Ipanema', and the 'Masquerade' tower.  By all means attempt to secure a room in the former unless you are deaf, or don't plan on retiring for the night until after 3am.  The problem is that the 50-some-odd story Masquerade tower has the Voodoo restaurant and lounge on the top.  On a previous visit, I was astonished to find that I was being kept awake by the low-frequency bass vibrations from the club's sound system reverberating through the structure of the building, all the way to my room, which was 20 stories below (did I mention I'm a fairly heavy sleeper?)!!!  Fortunately this time around, I asked for a room in the Ipanema wing that would be 'as silent as an undiscovered tomb', and the wonderful desk staff delivered in spades.  I was able to retire at a sensible hour and sleep through the night until the next morning's convention activities.So should you choose this casino over others at it's price point?  I honestly don't know; from reading other Yelpers reviews, I get the feeling that LV is no longer a real travel bargain.
2	As most people, we were here for a convention, the annual NATCA convention - and it's no wonder it won't be held here again.  This is a very low quality-high priced, dated hotel, despite being bought by Caesars Entertainment.  The casino ambiance is on-par with CircusCircus; low slung ceiling with years of cigarette smoke permeating everything, acres of frumpy people glued to video gambling.Rio automatically charged us an $18 per-day 'resort fee' for a closed pool and uselessly weak WiFi.The hike to the Strip turned out to be a hassle, as Rio's shuttle drops you off at either the rear parking area of Ballys or the back parking garage of Harrahs - & you could wait 20+ minutes on either end of these no-man-lands.There's nothing interesting in the Rio's vincinity.  We hiked across glass-strewn abandoned parking lots to the Palms Hotel, for its movie theater --that's about it.The mediocre buffet was $30-35 dinner --$17- (kids) $25 for breakfast.For this, our Rio room was nearly $200/night.  A low-tiered Marriott.Never again.
1	What used to be a great fun hotel and party place to stay, hang out, get great food and gamble (and even win sometimes), is now like a senior citizen, creaking at the seams and very tired. Room appointments were old. High school style featureless showers and bath, with shower head straight out of the YMCA. Lumpy mattress and a bed that sinks in the middle. Lighting insufficient to make the room comfortable at evening and WIFI that doesn't go beyond 2 bars - insufficient to stream or really have 3-4 windows open. One of the sinks didn't drain and a grumpy plumber arrived who drilled for 30 minutes to get it working. Noisy refridgerator.The casino itself is equally aged and featureless. Gone are the stunning hostesses in green outfits... replaced by haggard irritated staff who run around but never someone a drink. Grumpy valets outside want you to pull right up to the bumper of the car in the front of the queue though there is only the two cars in the entire valet section. Front desk check in took 30 minutes. Buffet choices were full of dry meat, oily pastas and potatoes, over sweetened desserts without finesse.Needless to say, for the same money (room of $100 a night), right on the Strip, there are now many choices and we won't be back.Room Tip: Best tip - don't come to the Rio.
1	This place is as undesirable as living on the street and I have done that. The carpet has the odor and stains of a cheap motel while the furniture bare similar resemblance to something I left in front of my yard for donation. As with anything in Las Vegas, you pay for what you get. Next time my buddies want to go to Las Vegas and book the Rio, I will turn them down.
4	The Rio is not one of the hot spots in Vegas but for the purposes of this trip, it served its purpose and served it well. This was the hotel that my husbands team stayed out during their most recent hockey tournament in Vegas. The rooms are all suites so the single guys were able to bunk up and the couples had enough room to spread out away from all the stinky hockey gear. Plus, they provided discounted rooms for just over $100 a day so perfect for those on a budget. The rooms and the facilities aren't all that bad either so if you can get past that, you'll be ok.They do have a work out facility but you have to either pay for a treatment at the spa OR spend $25 to use the gym. You also have to pay for wi-fi. The spa is ok but don't expect anything super luxurious - just comfortable (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rio-spa-and-salon-las-vegas#hrid:LOKuIdrMxaY8xiUAvHcGug). There are two Starbucks (http://www.yelp.com/biz/starbucks-las-vegas-44#hrid:CvJgGgBFtQitf0q6XDbKZA)and many restaurants to chose from. I actually realized we didn't eat at any of them, although, I did order a cobb salad to the room one night and it was pretty decent. If you stay here, don't expect anything fancy but you will at least be comfortable. Our main focus was the hubby's hockey tournament (http://www.yelp.com/biz/las-vegas-ice-center-las-vegas#hrid:6v6HbPaPwAOLW6aWR3gR-g) so I wasn't really planning to spend much time on the Vegas strip and was ok with this hotel being off the beaten path. I give the Rio 4 stars for the price and for meeting our needs during this Vegas trip.
2	If you are an intellectual, you will love this place. You can sit it in your hotel room, far away from the Strip, and ponder whether it is a good business decision for the Rio to sell overpriced food at their restaurants. Doesn't that just remind people how far away they are from the cheaper food on the Strip? Should they be using the Madison Square Garden concession model when they don't have the Knicks? Then you can stare at your bathroom door and wonder why an outfit which runs and expensive Mardi Gras sky show can't paint the door and replace the broken door stop. You will have a lot of time to think, because after the Penn and Teller show, there is nothing else to do.
1	$20 per night hidden fee revealed at check in per night adding $100 to the trip.  Food overpriced at all the hotel restaurants, high prices in the one store.  Non-smoking room has cigarette burns on all the furniture, frayed fabric.  No fan in bathroom, sinks don't drain, fridge doesn't work. Not allowed to bring gatorade in plastic bottle to the pool area so you have to buy more overpriced refreshments inside.  TV/Cable frequently shutting off, as does the $14 per day wifi.  Never again...
4	Just spent two nights at the Rio Hotel and Casino and only have ONE COMPLAINT- the POOL CLOSES AT 5PM. Why? The weather is so nice......
3	Rio is an A-OK! :) it does the job of find a place to stay.I've stayed here a handful of times and have never been disappointed with the price you pay ranging from ($50++ per night). The rooms are cheap and huge! I've stayed at the regular room with two beds, and it has a spacious living room area and big bathroom. The bathroom is also separated with a shower, toilet and sing in one room, and another outside sink that is extremely useful if you have a group of people.Room also comes with an empty mini fridge. Only downside, is that it's not near the strip. BUT, they do have a shuttle that takes you there and is open till 1 AM. Other things:-No free wi-fi in the room-Self parking available-Make sure to catch a show in the casino and grab some beads!-$20 resort fee per night
5	Recently stayed at the Rio. It was a great experience.We were able to get a suite for $50 a night. The suite was large and comfortable.Buffet is one of the best we've had.There is a shuttle to Paris and Ballys.The breakfast buffet across the street at Gold Coast is only $5.99.
2	I recently stayed here with family on our long trip in Vegas and I have very mixed feelings about this place. It's easier to write a list of pros and cons than try to explain everything in detail.Pros:+Comfy beds. Seriously, these beds were the best I've ever slept in while in Vegas. I couldn't say anything about the pillows because I brought my own, but they were good to hug as I fell asleep!+Large rooms. Four suitcases and 3 people in one room? No problem! The bathroom had a sink on the outside and inside (they had a dressing room area), so we could all get ready for the day without having to wait long.+The Buffet is really tasty. Expensive, but worth it at least once.+The valet people outside are real gentlemen. There was one named Oscar that was just spectacular and he deserves a raise! They ask if you need directions and try to be as helpful and friendly as possible.+The pool! So warm and inviting, I wish I could have swam more this trip. I would love to come back to go to the European-style pool (aka the Topless pool) so I can get a nice tan!Cons:+FINDING A FECES COVERED WASHCLOTH IN MY BATHROOM. EW. EW. EW!!!!!!SERIOUSLY.EW.Why would you have room cleaning if they don't do actual cleaning? Our carpet wasn't vacuumed when we first got in and then I found the gem above. Thank goodness that they picked it up and apologized, because seriously. EW.-13.95 internet? Really? I work from my computer, so having to pay that cuts into my paycheck. Plus it was super slow and not worth the price.-Blackjack was $25.00 minimum MOST of the days I was there...including Monday! WHY? Just because they have a $5 automated machine doesn't mean that you should have such expensive tables. I felt a little cheated because I just had to throw my money at machines to just have fun. Their machines are tight too, no such thing as a loose machine here.-Lack of food. No fast food, at least. The rest was pricey, including the cafe that was only open for breakfast. Seriously Rio, you want us to pay `12.00 for 3 pancakes? Unbelievable.As "nice" as it was, I probably won't ever ever stay here again. Visit for fun? Yes....but on someone else's dollar. I'm not rich enough to even really step foot in this place and it's not even on the strip!(Oh, and the room was comped most of the time except one night and I have no idea what the price of the room was so I can't talk about their prices.)
5	Great place to be. Great rooms and for the price you cannot go wrong. Great bars and rooftop lounge is awesome. Also the adult pool is the place to be. I recommend you join the Total Rewards Program helps you get discounts off the buffet and other amenities at the hotel.
5	Love the buffet!!! Half off for locals too! about 30 bucks for 2 people... for locals... great deal. especially if your wanting to get your grub on!
4	I really liked staying here for my birthday the rooms where big and there is a fridge in every room so you can keep some food or drinks and keep them cold I booked my room with my flight and I feel like I got a killer deal we stayed Friday-Sunday night and they have a really good breakfast spot and the sea food buffet there is really good.
3	Average casino, went here for shows. Nice place for frozen drinks though.
5	I'll give Rio 5 stars just for the rooms and the lack of noise complaints LOL.We had a suite all the way at the end of the hall for a friends bday, and even with a live DJ, heavy drinking, and even smoking in the hallways, Rio didn't ever bother us lol.The room setup is cool...more of a long L shape, that has the master on one end, the kitchen and living area, and then a dining area at the opposite end.  Plenty of room for people to hang out and have a good time.  We had about 25 people or so, and were pretty comfortable.Prices are reasonable here too, since it is off strip.  Consider it strongly for a staycation or get-together!
4	The rio is great for the price.  Really its only draw back is that it is off the strip. oh and now you have to pay a resort fee too so that kind of goes against the cheap prices too.  Needless to say the rio is still a cheap option just make sure you have a car to get to the strip.  The casino is pretty nice.  It has that sweet smell of cigarets smoke and despair in the air coupled with the musical clanking of slot machines that I love so much.  There is a feeling of grungyness and greasyness in the casino do the fact that really brings a cheaper crowd, but that also makes for the expirience and good time.  The pool is one of the better in vegas plenty of over priced alcohol and european dudes with slicked back hair head banging fist pumping to the techno blastin throughout the whole pool..its hilarious to watch.  All the rooms are suites so they are huge you really get a lot for the money.  If you got money go to cosmo or bellagio but if ur doing vegas on a budet rio is a great option.
1	I WANT TO GO HOME.Checked in Sunday and found myself stuck in line because there was a big convention (and didn't realize that nursing convention visitors could be so rude).  I stood in line for an hour to get my keys.  I will mention the front deskman (Ricky for CA) was suuuper nice and warned us that our room would have some noise overhead from the pool.  No biggie to me.After waiting a long time to get our luggage from the bell desk (that includes being on hold for 20 minutes AND THEN waiting for the luggage to come up), we went to the pool to catch some rays.  Poor is nice...not amazing...but this is a Rio so I can't complain..  HOWEVER, I can complain about the state of our room.  The faucets were clogged with what was likely vomit.  We called housekeeping/maintenance (was on hold for 40 minutes before we hung up and called back) and waited again for the maintenance guy to come up.  The sinks in this hotel tend to have this clogging problem per the maintenance guy...and he was spending all day unclogging sinks.  He was also by himself and and this was a 2 person job.  My bf kindly stepped in to help him hold part of the sink so he could attempt to unclog it.  Kind of gross- my bf got sprayed by whatever was in the sink in the process.  After that happened, the maintenance guy called down to the front to ask if we could be moved and "they" said "no" [because they were so behind with the convention].  The maintenance guy left and came back with some other tools but in the end he was unable to fix the sink without "causing a big mess".  We were finally moved to another room- an upgrade!!! i.e. a bigger suite.Boy were we STILL in for a surprise.  The room wasn't that bad...until you noticed the small things.  Wallpaper peeling...dirty showers...etc.  And in addition, the hallways smelled like an illegal substance which kept seeping into our room.  To each his own, but I'm not in college anymore and I don't need to have everything smell like pot.The people that work here are really nice but the management is selfish and/or probably overworked like everyone else.  I didn't need a suite upgrade- it's not something I feel like I'm entitled to (I would have rather had the stupid resort fee waived or a free dinner if I had to choose).  However, I do expect decent service and decent rooms.  We ALMOST went home early but decided to stick it up.  I'm so annoyed though I am NEVER STAYING HERE AGAIN!!!
1	The only reason this got 1 star is because I haven't found any bugs in the room, yet. We came in for a conference at this hotel and arrived in the morning, with no sleep. I'm not surprised that they first told that check-in is at 4pm, but the front staff offered no help in trying to acquire a room, even after we offered to pay for the previous day, just so we could get a couple hours sleep before the conference started. I hardly believe that a single room at any rate was not available, on a Monday morning. Come back at 12:30 for early check-in was the response. We asked if there was any quiet area where we could rest, or somewhere my wife could freshen up to get ready for a meeting. Again, "no" was the answer. The concierge told us we might find something on the second floor. We did. A cold stone bench. What kind of hotel doesn't have comfortable seating for relaxing, waiting, small group meetings, discussions, etc.? Well, this one.After taking no more than 30 minutes of the stone bench, we left. We came back at 12:30 and checked-in to a long line. Early check-in is $20 plus tax extra. Internet, found free in most every hotel in the world, is also extra.I was under the impression that all rooms were suites. This is not a suite but a single large square room. There is a TV (that you cannot see from the bed) and minibar opposite the window, bed and couch occupying the remaining walls. There is a small alcove with dresser, safe, and a sink to vomit in outside the simple nondescript bathroom which could have come from a Motel 6. The Motel 6 quality continues to the bed, a squeaky overly firm king size with so-so sheets, no bedspread,  a depressed center, and hard foam pillows smelling of cigarette smoke.I opened the minibar to insert a soda which I had earlier purchased to get cold again. Within 15 minutes a maid appeared with a milk crate and proceeded to empty the entire contents and drag it away. Her stated reason was that their contents was being altered with different brands. She also stated that there was a sensor in the minibar that alerted staff that it was being used and we would be automatically charged for it's use.  WTF? I do not wish to be unfair to Motel 6, but there, you don't expect a JW Marriott, here you do. What you get here is a Motel 6 with a casino under it. It's redeeming quality is that the Gold Coast is next door and you and go there for the inexpensive breakfast.
3	Pros:-Our room was away from the elevators and mostly quiet. Could hear some doors opening and closing.-15th floor = cool view of the strip-Good customer service... I didn't realize there would be a resort fee because we were not told until check out time. I talked to the manager which said it was probably in the terms&conditions when we booked, probably true. Either way he only charged for one of the two resort fees ($20/$40) so that was nice. -Penn&Teller show is located there.-Affordable prices for rooms.-Room was pretty large, two queen beds and a sectional couch in there. We also had a mini fridge which was great.-Close enough to the strip that cabs to get there are cheap.-Complimentary shuttle to Paris and some other places.Cons:-Long check in line... eek!-Not really walking distance from the strip... if you're wearing heals and care about your safety.-We went to the Voodoo club on the 51st floor which had a nice view but it wasn't exactly nice... Kind of grungy. Overall the casinos and restaurants here were pretty casual and I saw many families there, so I'm guessing its one of the more family friendly hotels.
2	I usually stay for a few weeks each trip(multiple times per year) and the Rio has been my go-to second home in Vegas.I'm disappointed now though, with how they are handling their brand-new mandatory resort fee. I recently called to make my next reservation, and was informed of the extra new fee(about $20 more per night). It's detouring me from coming back since they wouldn't waive it, and it was going to be over $300 more than what I expected for the stay I intended to book.
4	Visit:Thursday March 20, 2003We had an epic room and the trip started out with me and a coworker and a local friend who showed up. We wound up going clubbing at the Beach and Rain and other spots, but that's another story. :)This hotel was great, we were up on the upper most floors and as this is an all suite hotel we had an Epic view of Las Vegas as well as a kitchen, giant tub, couch, great TV and a stereo in the room. At the time, one of the nicest suite hotels and our room had just been redone. Service was excellent. The staff was great. We had one small problem with the bathroom which they resolved within 15 minutes. I was really impressed. This stay would be among my first of many, many stays to come. :)
3	I recently stayed at the Rio while in town for a hockey tournament. It was offered at a discount through the organizers of the event... otherwise our team probably would have been content to stay at any number of cheap hotels.The bell desk graciously stored our foul smelling gear bags for a few hours before we got to our rooms at no charge. We were able to check in at about 12:30pm with an additional fee of $20 (they will drop it to $10 if you have a player's club card) and checkout at noon without any additional charges. Rooms were accurately advertised, clean and nothing to write home about. One of our guys upgraded to a masquerade suite which made for a nice "team headquarters" for post and pre-game partying/meetings. The pool is great. Several different pools with waterfalls and lots of room to relax. They have an adult section full of fat old dudes, with no women anywhere. The good looking women you DO see here are clearly employees and they are jaded, bitter, angry people. There are some ok places to eat here but as with most of the larger popular casinos, everything is ridiculously expensive and of questionable value. The do have a Burger King that serves beer. It is directly adjacent to the entrance to the Chippendales show, so at night it was a fantastic place to check out the babes attending.The cheapest table I saw had a $15 minimum even at 9am on a weekday... a little too spendy for me. Gold Coast next door had tables as low as $3 but it stinks like a dirty ashtray and you'd be lucky to find anyone under the age of 65 in the place.Not much within walking distance of the Rio. You can easily walk over to Gold Coast or maybe the Palms if you were feeling like a nice stroll. I did walk to In N Out Burger during the day but it was pretty bleak and took about 25 minutes each way. There is a hotel shuttle to the other hotels in the same corporate family available but we opted for taxis and never used it. Do yourself a favor and hit up a grocery store on the way in from the airport and stock up on some snacks so every morsel you eat doesn't have to cost you $18.Like I said, we would have been happy with just the bare essentials. The Rio isn't too bad.... it certainly isn't the off-strip hotspot it maybe once was, but it definitely felt like a decent value given the circumstances. I guess I was pretty satisfied overall.
4	Had mostly comped rooms at one of the Total Rewards casinos (Rio, Harrah's, Plant Hollywood, etc), so we opted to stay off the strip and check out the Rio for the first time.*Casino Floor: The gaming area is huge, and has more than enough tables for everyone there.  Had a great time playing craps, roulette, poker, Mississippi stud and 3-Card Poker.  Didn't have a chance to check out the poker room though.  *Rooms: While I will say that they are very big and roomy, they can definitely use an upgrade.  There were various stains on the carpet, and it could use a good thorough cleaning.  The beds were OK, as I have slept on much nicer and comfortable beds.  Hard Rock Hotel has them beat.  But who stays in the rooms all day anyways?? And when most of my stay is comped, I really can't complain.  We had connecting rooms which is always great when we need to steal towels, toiletries, cologne, borrow the restroom or just bug our friends next door.*Food: They have lots of restaurants, but only the All-American Grill is open late into the wee hours.  Visited the deli at the sports book, both Starbucks, the Carnival World Buffet and the All American Grill.  A small cafe with quick eats would be great here.*Pool Area: Their pool is OK, as it does have three (3) different pools that you can choose from. There are lots of reviews for Voodoo beach, check those out if you want to read more on that.  They did seem to card more than usual this time out, but I don't mind.  The Rio was fun, but we did miss the hustle, bustle and just generally being able to walk around the strip without having to cab it everywhere.  I have no problem staying at the Rio again, but next time out it's going to be Planet Hollywood as they are right in the middle of the strip.
3	I occassionally book at the Rio because it is of course a suite and the size of the room is great.  I've been coming to this hotel since 2000 because I get comped or really good rates.  Can't beat getting a suite for $20.00.  The casino/resort is on a whole fairly average.  The rooms are large but the bathrooms need to be updated.  The times I have stayed here, it was always clean.  The beds are comfortable and the seating area is big.  You can have room service sent up and you have the room to eat comfortably.  I have no complaints, except that it does need updating.  I would stay here again because of the comps and the deals as well as the size of the suites.
1	I see there are 3 stars on the main page here for the Rio?  Go some where else!! called around 12 to get room cleaned...  we went to pool @ 10 am. called at noon. still at 2:30 pm no room service. You know! never was a big Vegas fan! now?  i don't get it? what is the big deal? I have been on cruise's that take better care of customers!!  What happens in Vegas is all hype!!!  I can do better and will.
2	Essentially, the Rio is the locally branded version of a Motel 6. It's cheap. The rooms are large (lots of empty 80's carpet). If you are looking to save money and sleep with 10 of your best friends from college on the floor, it's a great deal.The place is run down: The shower is moldy. The surfaces are either dirty or permanently discolored/roughed up. There are many light bulbs burned out all over the place. Where the elevator button was is now a hole punched in by someone.They charge you to check in before 4 PM.On the plus side, the gym is included. The gym is part of the spa. You won't find it on the map. Because it's part of the spa, you get the sauna and hot pool for free as well. The gym is bare bones. There are some treadmills and weights.Tip: There is a rad Japanese AYCE restaurant near the hotel in a strip mall: Umiya (4.5 stars on yelp).
2	We ended up upgrading our room to a presidential suite type room which was gorgeous. It was huge with a beautiful panaramic view all the way around the room and the tub was big and spacious. The problem with this hotel is the staff and the horrible customer service. I called downstairs to ask a question and the phone rang for like 20 mins. I hung up and called back two more times still no one ever answered. I eventually had to go all the way downstairs and when I asked why they won't answer the phones I was told they have a policy that if a guest is in front of them they don't answer their phones. Well considering the line is around the damn corner basically they have a no answer phone policy. I told them that policy is crazy and how can you ignore people once they have paid for their room. It's interesting that when you call to book a room they have no problem picking up but the minute they have your money they are done with you. I won't be back to this hotel. They clearly don't care about their guest needs and only assist those who are paying for a room.
2	Where to start with the Rio Hotel & Casino. Usually my wife and I stay on the strip or Fremont Street but we have a baby on the way so we decided to do this Vegas trip on a bit of a budget ($30.00/night on Kayak.com) .Both of us have been coming to Vegas for over 10 years and have experienced many types of hotels, dining, and entertainment here. We arrived right around check-in time. We got lucky in the sense that only about 5 people were in front of us waiting to check in but we still waited almost 30 minutes to get to the front desk despite the fact that there were four or 5 agents checking people in. While we were waiting the line to check in grew to twenty plus waiting to check in and I started to feel glad that we arrived when we did. During check in we were informed that there was a $20,00/night "resort fee". So much for getting the room for 30 bucks a night. If we had not already paid through kayak.com we probably would have went somewhere else for 50 a night. The resort fee also included 2 complimentary entries into the gym. The gym is located in the spa so I guess if you go more than twice you have to pay. We were there three days so I used it twice. Also included in the resort fee was internet service. You still have to "pay" a charge of $13.95 when you connect but it gets comp'd when you check out. Of course they don't tell you this so the first time you try to use it you are left wondering how it works and have to call the front desk to ask why you are being charged when the internet is included in the resort fee. Seems it would be much easier to either explain how it works at check in or place an instruction sheet in the room. Either way my wife and I bot have smart phones and rarely need a laptop while traveling so it would be nice to have the option of purchasing the internet or not instead of having it included in a resort fee.Our room was located high on the 37th floor which we thought would be great since it is away from the noise of everything. We were sadly mistaken. Turns out the rooftop nightclub is only 5 floors above us. We got in a little after midnight the fist night and could hear bass reverberating throughout the room. We could clearly hear partying going on as well. We called the front desk to ask what time the club closed and were told 2 am. 2 am comes.... the club does not close. It finally stopped around 3:30 am. We complained the next day and were told that the club pretty much shuts down whenever people leave. There were apparently no similar room s to move us into they let us upgrade to a 1600 sq ft suite for an additional $60.00 a night. Our $100.00 original lodging cost on kayak.com has now turned into $300.00 after the cost to upgrade and pay for the resort fee.The Rio has lots of pools which is nice and several hot tubs. One of the pools even features and artificial beach which was nice. One thing that really drew us to the Rio was that they featured an adults only (21 and up) pool area with cabanas and reserved round sofa type areas. We were first disappointed to learn that the adults only pool area was closed Tuesday and Wednesday (two of the three days we were there). We went on Thursday planning to rent a cabana for what we figured would be an hourly charge only to find out that they are free but have a $250.00 bar minimum for the cabanas and a $100.00 minimum for the sofas. A little steep I think for the quality of hotel the Rio is. I would have paid 50 for an hour  but you would have to stay all day at the pool to rack up $250 bucks in drinks. We ended up just using the regular lounge chairs which were much nicer that the non-adult side. The adult pool was nice and large and there were two hot tubs as well. One thing I noticed about the Rio is that they are big on go-go dancers. You see them throughout the hotel and we also saw them at the adult pool. Kind of interesting but a little strange as well to have them out at the pool.We came and went a lot since we drove and the hotel is just off the strip. One thing that really threw me off this place is that unless you are a seven star member of some sort the valet will not bring your car around when you are getting ready to leave. You must go down to the valet wait in line to give the valet guy your ticket then wait for you car to come around. My wife is 8 months pregnant so we ask the valet and front desk for an exception and they wouldn't budge. I have never stayed at a hotel anywhere that you could not call and have your car brought around when you were leaving.Our stay included 2 complimentary breakfast buffets. We used them but the buffet was noting write home about. Needless to say, it was a free breakfast, but If you are paying, go somewhere else. It definitely is not worth the $30.00 bucks or so that they charge regularly.Overall, I would only recommend this hotel if you could find no other suitable accommodations for similar price and if you spend most of the time away from the hotel.
3	Not the best, by far not the worst either.I am in this hotel probably 20 times a year as this is the hotel of choice for the guy i fly for.the staff has always impressed me.  Whether it's the limo drivers, the valet service, concierge, or the host....they have always gone above and beyond.  I do take that with a grain of salt as the guy i work for is 7 stars, but that is the only service i have seen here, and this holds true when i am not with my boss.the rooms here are large.  it's true they aren't exactly suites and are pretty much just really big basic rooms, but let me tell you from someone who is hotels much of the year, i would choose a large basic room over a small basic room any day.It's true they the beds arent that comfortable, and they charge me $14 a day for internet which i think is ridiculous but it's a casino...they want to keep you on the floor.  I figure i can't complain too much as there is 100 hotels out here and i chose to stay here.  I have never had a problem with cleanliness here.  If you want to get something a bit more like a sweet as for something on the 20th floor as the rooms here are much fancier (though the basic room is still just a big square).They do have lots of actual "suites" here....but you arent going to get them for $30 online.the ipanema tower is where we prefer to stay.  They have two towers here, and this one is much nice, and in the middle of the hotel.Everywhere i have eaten here is amazing.  Buzios is top notch sea food, Martoano's is a fun Italian place with great food, loud music (not so great for chit chat..but it is lots of fun).  the all american grille serves awesome steaks (chicken fried steak is amazing) and they are open all night.   There is a couple fast food places if you look really hard (down at the end by the masqurade tower upstairs, though expect the prices to be jacked high too). i don't gamble much, but the table rates fluctuate greatly depending on the weekend you are here.  If the casino is packed, then the rates are high.  If you want low table rates you have to come at a time when the casino is slow.Either way there are much better places to stay in vegas, but there are also much worse places.  I have always thought even with internet rates, hotel fees and such that if you aren't getting your room comped and have to pay for it...a total charge of $60 a night is cheap anywhere you go.
3	They have spacious rooms but I was not impressed. We stayed here because Krave was supposed to be here. When we got here we found out it was at the Hard Rock :( I  only stayed here one night so I can't really say much other than the place looks outdated. If Krave comes back I would definitely stay here as the place is not expensive.
3	I like Rio because they're big, clean, and attractive. The cons are that they are off of the strip, they don't have any special free attractions for adults or children so its kinda boring. Each hotel on the strip does, whether it's the statutes at Caesars, the fountains at Bellagio, the habitat at Flamingo, the Circus at Circus, Circus, or the Stratosphere's rides. So they seem lacking in that sense. Otherwise the rooms are big, clean, and awesome, and they have Penn and Teller.
4	the casino is fun - service is good - wish the tables gave me more money! haha
4	Amazing seafood buffet
3	Staying with a 5-night comp. the room is nice: two full size beds, sitting area, separate toilet-shower-sink room from powder-makeup space with sink, closet, dresser, safe; there is a fridge. Clean room. View of the Palms is nothing special. Casino is nice, $10 craps, friendly casino staff. Valet is decent, slow at times. Parking lots close to registration desks & elevators. Pool: 3 in total, one with sand (was messy on a windy day), one children's pool, & another pool w/ water fall. Our bathroom didn't seem cleaned very well.Voodoo sky deck nightclub was nice. Promoter in Chippendale's area gave me a ladies free pass to get in plus one free drink, but would not hook my date up, "ladies only". He paid $30 to get in on a Saturday night. Drinks were expensive. There is an indoor space & 2 outdoor spaces. Both outdoor spaces were nice with awesome views of the Strip. I think this club is waaaay better than Playboy & Moon, both  at the Palms.  I probably won't stay here again though. Was a nice length of time for a free stay.
3	I only came here to check out a show (Ok, ok, Chippendale's ;P ) so I didn't check the casino or anything else out much. From what I saw, it was a lot like most I've seen. Seemed a little more dated than other places I've gone to, but again, that was just from a glance. It is a little bit off the strip (I don't think I'd walk there) but it was nice to check out a little since I hadn't in the past. The show was entertaining though and I enjoy the outside look of the hotel, very colorful :) I would probably come by another time to see more of the interior.
5	Great Buffet!!! Awesome 50% off local special!!
3	I got a in mail promotion for the rio hotel and Cesar's group for a two night stay for free. I booked to the rio hotel since it was the nicest out of the group. I called reservations and they booked me for a normal room, no upgrade for my stay. I was wanting a strip view room. If it was available i could pay a upgrade charge for 40 dollars a night. I was in luck, she said there was a samba suite with a strip view room. I decided to upgrade. I go to my room and it was not a strip view room, it was a view of the mountains and freeway. I saw the corner of the strip. Trump to be exact. I was extremely disappointed. I called the front desk and asked to be downgraded. I was on hold for 7 minutes until i got in hold with hotel operations. He said he would lower it to 20 a night.  Even though i couldn't get the full strip view, i cant beat 40 dollars for two nights. It was before a huge concert and regular rooms were topping 150 a night.
4	Had a recent four-day stay here courtesy of work, during the World Series of Poker tournaments. I didn't handle our reservation or check in, so all I can say is that we were able to get a room for what seemed to be a good price, with a couple of days notice, during the WSOP.Our room was a two bed suite in the Masquerade Towers with an awesome view of the mountain skyline and the pools. The room itself was very nice- large, with a couch and sitting area, extended bathroom area with counter and sink outside of the toilet/shower space. Both beds were super luxe- comfortable pillow top mattresses that worked well for a group that liked both soft and firm beds, with clean and fresh quality linens and lots of pillows.  The only odd thing about our room was that there was a small window in the wall inside the shower, looking into the bedroom. I don't know if it's intended so that an adult can keep eyes on kids while taking a shower, or so that you can watch TV while in the shower (which is what I did), or if the room was created for some wacky swingers group and I just wasn't told about it. Either way, it was odd but not a problem or anything. One of our group was a little put off by it, but was easily able to tuck some rolled up extra towels in the space to avoid anyone looking in at him- although no one was even trying, for the record.The property itself has a lot to offer, from the Carnival Buffet, American Grill, Sports Deli, Yogo Gogo, and Evening Call for drinking and dining options,  to the poker room and WSOP tournament in the convention space, as well as hosting the Penn and Teller show (though we didn't see it). There were always employees in sight if anything was needed, and most of them were helpful when we had any questions or concerns. Though we'd probably stay somewhere cheaper in the future if the bill was our responsibility, this hotel and casino was a really good pick and we very much enjoyed our time here! Highly recommend.
3	Il buono, il brutto e il bello(The Good, the bad, and the Beautiful)I know, I know. A riff on an old spaghetti western is an odd theme for a Brazilian themed hotel, but try to play along...The Good - It's spacious. I like a room that does not feel like I'm being put into storage for the night. All that space also allowed for extra wall outlets. Now, I'm probably not unusual here, but when I travel, I bring a laptop, an iPad, a cellphone, and my wife. While she does not need to be plugged in, she also packs a cellphone, and a tablet. We may be a little more tech-geeky than the norm, because she also has a work cell and a work iPad. That's 5-7 wall outlets needed for charging devices, and the Rio delivers here - without unplugging lamps (that you will forget to plug back in for the next guest).The water pressure is the shower is great. Strong enough to blast all of that sunscreen off of you as you head into evening.They have an in room coffee maker. Now if you've ever seen "The Good , The Bad, and the Ugly", you would know that Clint Eastwood (the Good) wasn't all that good...The Bad - The coffee maker uses K-Cups, which you have to purchase from the mini-bar, 3 for $8. Oh, and the mini bar wouldn't open. It wasn't locked, just broken shut. I mean really, you theme your hotel as Brazilian, yet I cannot get coffee?The room is old. The hotel was opened in 1990, so it appears that the room was 10 years out of date when it opened. It is also falling into disrepair. The sliding shower door has no handle on the inside, just the screws where the handle used to be. One of the shower doors is also off the track making it very hard to move that door.The shower-head is noisy. It sounds like a rocket taking off. If you thought you would take a shower while your room-mate slept, you were sadly mistaken (unless they are not disturbed by the aquatic NASA launch in the next room). You may also want to take that early shower with the lights off, because there is a window between the bathroom shower and the sleeping quarters, so when you turn on the bathroom light, you are effectively lighting up both beds.You're kind of trapped in the Rio. It's about a 45 mile walk from our room in the Masquerade tower to the doors out of the hotel. You have to navigate through the casino spotted with smokers, who stop in the walkways because that's where they put the ashtrays. Then you have a maze-like parking lot you have to hoof around to get to the street, where you are bound realize that your clean shirt now smells like you just rolled around in an ashtray. From here, you have a choice - just under a mile walk in the desert sun to reach the strip (and then some, unless your walk to the strip was to watch the traffic at Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd), or a 1/2 mile trek to the Palms. We opted for the Palms, but found that 117 degree weather sucks for a leisurely stroll past vacant lots, abandoned buildings, and the Gold Coast hotel/casino. They do offer a shuttle to the strip, but given how the rooms and casino were, I really did not trust the shuttle.The Beautiful - The view. When on vacation, especially in a late-night town like Las Vegas, It is important to have blackout curtains. But the view of the city lights was so magnificent, I left them open every night. During the day, I could see the mountains in the distance, as well as from the shower/launch pad.
1	Paid for an unlimited wristband and it ended up being a complete waste of $70 to those who are already VIP members at the hotel. The gaudy manager who goes by the name Art Pepper gave awful service to guests. His tone of voice was uncalled for. The cashier with bad makeup who goes by the name "Sasha" gave a snarky attitude to the guests as well. They need to reevaluate the way they treat their guests at this hotel. I can get better service at a Burger King drive-thru.
2	Smoker's alley inside an entire hotel. Look who smokes: Men, Women, Old Fogies and Old Ladies. Watch the slot machine aisles, that's where it's worst. It's not impossible to find some good old fashioned sin at this place -- i.e., $10 b.j. tables (that's short for blackjack), frozen chiller alcoholic drinks, dancer cages, the Voodoo Lounge. Hey, about the Voodoo, it was 120 degrees during the day, which means, at night the 51-floor rooftop where I danced til I dropped cools down to about... 105 degrees (I dropped after two minutes, it's like an open oven up there). Hey, my visit was the end of June, so of course it was extra hot & muggy. I think I paid $13 for a drink up there at Voodoo, but I'm unable to recall what it was. Smokey memory, err, foggy memory. The valet is short on employees, it took forever to escape. #likereally
3	Checking in here I tipped 20$ and got a bigger room on a really high floor so I would definitely recommend trying it. The only issue with having a room so high (the view was AMAZING) is that the elevators can take so long (seriously it takes forever). On check out the elevators had actually broken down so we had to walk down about 20 floors before we could get another elevator. The staff were really friendly but not invasive. The rooms are huge, good size closet and great vanity area. I liked that they provided a Kurig coffee machine and a refrigerator too so we weren't dependent coffee shops and could keep our own snacks. The rooms are pretty old though so don't expect the same standard you get in some of the other Vegas hotels (you get what you pay for)The only thing that bothered me was the $14 a day wifi charge(per device), which is frustrating when you have two computers and two smart phones as it adds up. The location is off the strip but they do provide a complimentary shuttle bus to Caesars, and you can always get a taxi. Walking through the casino they had a lot of different mini shows going on, some waitresses would sing, bartenders would flare etc.  We got a great deal to stay here so I was really happy to see what we got for how little we paid. (I paid about the same to stay on the strip for half as long and the room was very similar)
2	I've been coming here for the last seven years, for the WSOP every July. And it's not the worst place in the world, but it's sad to see this place get cheesier and more rundown every year. There are more shop vacancies every time, restaurants come in and disappear with alarming frequency, the live show previews are scaled back, room maintenance is pretty bad, and they are taking nickel-and-dimey steps to make up for lost revenue. This year? Downgraded toilet paper that decomposes when hit with any moisture, a new mandatory $20 "resort fee" for local phone calls, gym access, and WiFi for ONE device per room, additional devices are $14 per day, even though they cost the hotel nothing. I'm not sure what any of these things have to do with a resort. But the most insulting cheapening was the outfitting the rooms with a K-cup coffee brewer, but no complimentary coffee- if you want any, you are supposed to buy a pack of 3 pods for $8 from the convenience bar. This is the first hotel I've ever stayed at that doesn't give you a couple servings of coffee to go with the room coffee maker. Is this a deal breaker? No, it's a petty complaint. But the petty complaints I have been accumulating for this place keep on accruing. It used to be a nice enough place when we started coming here, but it has become shabby and threadbare. And I'm not even going into how, for the last three years, they screwed up our reservations by bad communication between desk staff. I'm stuck coming here because of the WSOP, but will be staying elsewhere for any other trips.
5	Stay at rio hotel Las Vegas with my husband  last July 7 2013 and stay for only 1 night, I was so surprised for the room they upgrade. It was in 20th floor  a suite room and a 2 story room for no extra charge because I bought that deal in living social for only $129 with 2 buffet and 2 passes in voodoo club...so lucky!!!
4	Penn and Teller were amazing, especially with front row seats! Loved the atmosphere and the food was great. Check-in took a while though which was the only let down.
4	I really liked this place. Besides the fact they take pets.  The room we got was a suite, as all the Rio rooms are, and it was big enough for the dog.  It had a nice sized bathroom we could leave the dog in while we went downstairs to eat. The dog got some treats and bowls at check in, how cool is that.  Yes I'd stay there again even without the dog.
2	My brother got married in vegas and we stayed for one night in the masquerade suite. The suite itself was very big, and had plenty of room for the 15 people who came to hang out before going clubbing after the wedding itself. Note: None of the ice machines were working during our stay. After the wedding, I needed ice badly, and went to three different floors to find it. Finally, I called the front desk to wait on hold for 10 minutes, before hanging up and calling room service. I explained to the lady that I needed ice as all the machines were broken. She said sure, $5 a bucket.Are you telling me that you are going to charge me $5 (outrageous for ice) per bucket, when I normally would get this IN ANY OTHER CASINO OR HOTEL --- for free??? You have ice machines, and blatantly know that none of them work.Ridiculous. Especially for someone calling from a suite. This is unacceptable. The people staying here were extremely ghetto as well. I will never book another room at the Rio again. What a bummer!
4	I wasn't sure about the Rio.  I lived in Vegas for a number of years but didn't frequent the Rio.  LasVegas.com  (they have the best deals!) had a great offer so I gave it a try.  You will not be disappointed.  The Samba Suite is nice!  The staff is friendly.  There is plenty to do.  If you want to stay in the hotel and just rest, they have everything you need.There are great shows, food, bars, a nice pool , spa and yes the slots pay!  I don't usually gamble but I won this time.
1	As others have said, wish there was  no star.  I have stayed on and off over the years, at the Rio since  they first opened in 1990 it was really a fun up beat place. now its a has been washed up waiting to be sold dirty dive.  Too many nice places in the same $$ bracket to throw your money away on this has been.  First the rooms are just worn out and dirty.  From my bed I could see two french fries under the sofa.  I don't eat french fries....ooo eeeuuuu.  The ceiling the the shower is peeling .  There were many stains in the carpet i never took off my flip flops.  The buffet is $30 and it is nothing but a bunch of frozen food yuck and double yuck!  I sat by the pool for three days and not once was I able to get drink service at the pool The girls chatted with themselves and waited on men and  people who rented the  cabana , but not women alone.  It got so bad other single women in my area noticed it too.  The only way we could get a drink was to walk to the bar and pick it up ourselves.  I moved to different sections each day to see if it mattered it didn't.  I guess they figured if they could flirt they would be able to make  more money so they wrote me off.  Horrible or shall I say non existent service pool side. I arrived around 11 am and was told i  could not check in till 1 pm so ok, I returned then got  to stand in  a line that took 35 minutes for me to be able to check in and get a room.   Customer service is not important here at all.As I said there are just too many good hotels in the same price bracket for anyone to go here.
3	A great older hotel. Just off the strip.
4	I love Rio rooms very large suites. enjoy the swimming pool, and hot tub. in Jan. 2013 I won around $700 off the Wizard of OZ slots this summer not as good winnings. the only thing drinks at the pool bar very expensive The waitresses, and staff are very nice always a cocktail around the corner when you gamble this casino is excellent love them comps.
4	The Rio has done a very nice job of keeping their property well maintained. Their rooms were clean and nice. Not new, but spacious and the in room mini fridge was handy. The pool is relaxed and very big so we were able to find chairs every day at noon.  I hate resorts that charge for pool chairs (Mandalay Bay).  The pool was set up nicely so that most of the pool got sun until past 5pm.    Overall I would recommend the Rio. It's not the Wynn by any means but it's also a 1/4 of the price.I would like to see the check in time reduced.  It took us over 35 minutes to check in when we arrived.
3	Her name is Rio, and she... well, she used to do a lot more.Told friends we were staying at the Rio and comments ranged from "I heard that was a great place to stay a long time ago", to "aren't they going to close the Rio?", to "why?"Flash back with me to 1990.  I heard nothing but people visiting Vegas talk about the VooDoo Lounge, on the 51st floor, the shocking cocktail waitress outfits here, the amazing huge suites, and the masquerade in the sky carnival show.Well, the VooDoo lounge is not as exclusive, trendy, or fancy as it used to be, but it's not trying to be.  Still cannot beat that view at night.  It can get windy, but it's amazing.The shocking cocktail waitress thongs have been covered up, as trends do, although the lacy negligee black lace outfits are still very sexy.  The suites were nothing if you've stayed at the Venetian, or in a suite at Caesar's Palace, but it did look like the bathrooms had been remodeled, as they were in modern granite, and very very, like superbly clean.  Not a speck or indication of use anywhere.  Speaking of bathrooms, the ones here have a strange square window portal where you can see right in.  Not sure who came up with that bright idea, but it skeeved me out to think people visiting could see me on the potty or in the shower.  Anyway.  Check in was a breeze, even though there was a line.  There are so many deals that even the front desk was confused.  Ours, booked through the hotel's specials page, included two 24 hour buffet wristbands, for two days, for two people.  And use those wristbands we did, eating four meals a day.  The buffet here (the regular one, not the seafood one, which we did not try) is amazing, especially the mongolian bbq/teppanyaki stations.  Lots of fresh cut vegetables, and a little of everything - sushi, italian, chinese, salad bar, etc.  Everything except the Palms is a major hike from here.  There is a shuttered strip club across from the Rio, which is funny to look at.  I imagine there are cobwebs covered with glitter inside.  The outside of the building has peeling glass film, which is U-G-L-Y.  They need to renovate that.  And, as others have mentioned, the Masquerade in the Sky has gone to that big place in the sky where floats and showgirls dwell, long ago -- it is no longer. They do have some of the cocktail servers get up on platforms near the slot machines and dance.  I think they do that some other places, and it's strange, but also a welcome vibe among the quiet seniors pulling slot handles.Amazingly, the pool here is fantastic.  Actually four pools, one of which is adult... I mean "European"... I mean topless or whatever the euphemism is these days.  It is basically "toptional", so no kids, and whether you wear a top or not is up to you.  Enjoyed the shuttle to the other Caesar's properties, including Bally's, Paris Las Vegas, Harrah's, and Caesar's Palace.  That saved a lot of driving or taxicab fare. WiFi is included in your resort fee, but is for ONE device.  So if you connect your tablet, forget your computer or phone.  Ice buckets worked fine, and housekeeping was on it with extra towels and other items needed.  Two towers here, the Masquerade tower, where we stayed, and I think the Carnival Tower, which is a little closer.  Masquerade tower is a slight walk, but not too bad.  Burger King Bar (which was not visited) and the Chippendale's show are on this tower's side.  We did see Penn and Teller, which was packed, even though parts of it was the same show I saw 10 plus years ago.  But it was a great great show nonetheless. The best part was the view of the lightning, thunderstorms, and lights of las vegas from our room on the 31st floor.
1	I would not stay here again.  although the rooms are quite large it feels old they need some serious remodeling felt like i was in the 70's but that's not the worse of it they are so cheap.There's no WiFi- Big NO NO.    extra charge for it and often gave us problems.The toilets flush so loud... too loud!  they give you this cheap little shampoo maybe a cream and soap that's it, not all the standard things you get at most hotels like shower caps, I use My shower cap every time at a hotel.  especially Vegas you spend so much time straightening your hair you don't want to get it wet right before heading out for the evening. coffee and tea always in every hotel I've stayed at.  It's there for you to make for your self this hotel in the mini bar you have to  pay for it WTH!!!!???? I don't get a breakfast , a buffet, a shower cap,WiFi, NOTHING! the least they can give me is some damn tea in my room, We payed all that money to stay there no deals no discounts so disappointed!
4	This hotel is ok for what you pay. Not the best location but it's affordable and nice.
2	i really didn't even want to write a review.Pro's: Large rooms.got lucky at check in. The line was about an hour long. Guest services pulled us and about 5 others out of the back of the line and took us to the VIP check in. Check in took less than 5 minutes after that.Con's: almost to many to listSmelly. Outside smells like smoke and farts.Rooms need updating and to be better taken care of.The check in line was ridiculous. I have stayed here once before. If it hadn't been for a cheap deal on priceline I would have picked somewhere else.I most likely won't stay here again.ps. I have read the reviews about having no wifi or an extra charge. That's really not accurate. It's free with the resort fee, but you can only use 1 devise per day.
4	Overall I really enjoyed the Rio and i would recommend it to anyone. Pro: Reasonable room prices. Great casino. low limit table gamesGreat Buffets (especially the 24 hour pass)Free ShuttlesBig roomsCons:Off the strip.CHIECK INWiFi ...we had to call tech supportThings to know.Check in can take an hour at peak times.  They use keurig coffee machines in the room....bring your own k cups.
5	I just recently stayed at the Rio and it was fantastic! Booked thru vegas.com so my room was already prepaid. The room itself was very spacious, clean and the bathroom was actually pretty descent. Found it convenient that there were two sinks and the safe came in handy. Loved the free shuttle service to the strip. The only negatives I could think of were that check-in and check-out took awhile and the resort fees (but hey, I guess all the hotels are doing that now). They're at least a bit cheaper than other hotels on the strip ($18/day). The price I think for the size and quality of the room is reason. I paid like $110 for a two night stay. Although, the front desk people could be a tad bit friendlier. Overall, I had a great experience at the Rio. I found my Las Vegas hotel indefinitely!
4	The sleeping room in the new tower are better than old tower. The meeting space is beautiful and newly remodeled.
4	great customer service from von !!!!!!!!! when i picked up tickets for penn and tellrr
1	$14 a day for internet service in the room is an insult. $3 for a soda from the vending machine is an insult.
1	I've been coming to the Rio for the past three years during the WSOP -- I will not be coming back. The first night we checked in and made it up to the room at around 1 am. Unfortunately our safe was not working. Even more unfortunate, neither was the door latch to our room. During the night, while sleeping, we were robbed of $700 cash. The next day we spoke to a manager about the incident and we were basically told it was our fault, that we didn't close the door properly, and that we should have reported that the safe was broken before we went to bed. Sure, the manager had some valid points, but he offered no help, gave no apology, and showed not a trace of empathy. It made me think this is a very common occurrence at the Rio. If you want to stay safe and keep your money losses at the tables, stay away from the Rio.
1	The place is not well kept at all. The first hotel room we stayed in, we had to move out of after one night. I called the front desk and asked to be moved and was asked why? There were several reasons, tile was missing from the floor in the bathroom (actual chunk of tile missing), the safe didn't work, the front door lock (the security one you can flip closed) didn't lock, the wallpaper in the bathroom was gross and faded from water splatter (maybe wallpaper doesn't belong in a bathroom if you can't upkeep it!), the shade for the lamp was all wonky because it had been bent back into place instead of just replaced, the shower barely put out enough water to get the soap out of my hair, and there was a weird spot (blood?) on the ceiling above the bed. All in all, it was like a cheap motel 6. Sure we could have "upgraded" to the samba rooms that just were remodeled for extra $$ per night. The rooms we stayed in were not the older rooms, they were the rooms that have been redone in the last few years but obviously not up kept. The hotel did move us rooms, but still had issues, The security lock on the door still didn't work. Also, we were there for a conference and apparently the boilers they have for hot water are insufficient because good luck getting a warm (let alone hot) shower during normal shower times because it won't happen. The hotel is also in need of a good scrubbing, the light fixtures shouldn't be hairy with so much dust.... Ick!
4	Great place to stay in Las Vegas if you have a car, rooms are old but comfortable. Comes with mini fridge and a safe in every room.  Love to relax there in the mini suites.
4	Stayed here while attending the Star Trek Convention. Plenty of dining choices, fairly clean, and most everything is conveniently located. I recommend going to the Indian buffet EARLY, because by the end of the service the food in the chafing dishes are less than appetizing. The Italian resto is pretty good, and the seafood buffet is quite nice. Our room was spacious and only cost four of us around 100 bucks a piece for 3-4 nights. The strip is just over the bridge and more specifically the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace.
1	I stayed here during the Defcon convention.  I was is room 1979.A friend and I shared a room.  We got checked in ok and thought everything was good until the next day when I tried to shower and the handle came off the wall into my hand.  I immediately called down (1:30PM) and was told someone would be up.  I went downstairs, grabbed something to eat, went to a few talks, and went back to my room at 5 to find the shower was still not working.  I called down again and was told someone would be there "in 15 minutes"  I waited around until 6 and went to dinner.  I came back to my room at 8:30 and the shower was still not working.  I called down a 3rd time and spoke to the 'Operations manager" who said she would have it taken care of.  I told her they have permission to enter as I just want the damn shower fixed.  When I came back to my room around 4 AM the shower was finally fixed.  Why did it take 3 phone calls to have the shower fixed when it should have been working in the first place?
2	If you're into drink girls wearing lingerie, this could be the place for you. But other than that, it's pretty drab and it's not on the strip, so it's probably one of my least favorite casinos in Vegas.
2	I would probably not book with Rio ever again. Although they have a lot of slots and decent restaurants the room was outdated and we got charged an additional $20 per person which is a resort fee. I know it's up to luck but dam their machines were tight not even $20. Service was okay nothing outstanding.
5	My boyfriend and I spontaneously came to Vegas for a turn around trip. We booked a regular room for one night. When we checked in, the front desk told us they were going to upgrade us to a room with a "better view." Little did we know, they upgraded us to the Carioca suite.  It was a very, very, very beautiful room. The suite included a large living room, 1.75 bathroom, 1 closet, 1 walk-in closet, two robes, dining table, a separate bedroom, jacuzzi spa and beautiful vanity table. It felt like we hit the jackpot!! Thank you Rio for treating us well!
4	My husband and I stayed here during a convention. The rooms were huge! The rates were reasonable, but everything like internet was an extra charge. The only drawback is that the restaurants inside are very expensive, and the outside restaurants are too far to walk to. I would not recommend staying here if you are without a car. Otherwise a good stay. The staff were very efficient and friendly.
3	We got in late, of course, but the gentlemen that helped us check in was pretty friendly. Even though it was 1am! The staff, was good, but, unfortunately the hallways and such were not very clean. We walked through to our room several different times a day, and each time, it looked like they never vacuumed! We also left a couple glasses in our room, that were clearly dirty, and the maids never touched them. I guess they had to be out in the hallway for them to pick them up. Who knows! Our room was all the way to the end of the hall, but we just figured that was because we got in late. We settled with it. I always check everything out before unpacking, and this time was no different. Everything was ok, except for the shower pressure!! It felt, to me, like it was just trickling out! I have pretty long hair, and with low pressure like that it takes me extra long to shower.. but instead of complaining I just dealt with it. Was afraid I might get a worse shower.. LOLAnyway, for practically FREE I guess it was ok. :)
5	I'm so excited to share this review!!! I've been to Vegas several times, I have never experienced the exceptional customer service, knowledgeable and friendly staff that I did on this recent trip.  I usually stay at Paris or the Venetian on the strip. I love Lights and excitement the strip offers.This trip my BF wanted to see the Penn and Teller show, and since this was a 1 night trip we decided to stay at The Rio.  We arrived at the hotel at Approximately 8:15 PM.  While checking in we got our tix to Penn & Teller and  considering we were checking in late, we ask for a late checkout.  Apparently the room we were in did not allow for a late checkout, The person helping us began Looking in to get us a different room. (Quick note: Late check out gives an extra hour).... We rushed up to the room so i could change for the show. Coming down the hallway we came up to double doors.  My bf opened the door and we entered a 2 story suite, With a marble entry, glass chandeliers, Expansive living room, separate dining room, (Capable of seating eight) A kitchen bar area, Bathroom, writing room and this is just the downstairs.  Upstairs was a walkway  that overlooked the living room, and led to a mini living room outside of the bedroom.  The bedroom had a 4 poster bed with pillow top mattress lots of fluffy pillows and wall to wall windows.  There was a entry hall that led to a closet equivalent to three of my walk in closet at home,  and a massive Double-sided bathroom with a Grecian style tub in the middle. Whew!  No I didn't want to leave the room! Damn just for a late check out request!It's really set the precedence for our whole 24-hour stay. From there we headed to the Penn & Teller show.   Sadly this didn't work out quite as well for us, Getting there late the person that was to lead us to our seats (front row) Refused to take us down as people were already sitting in our seats and he did not want to disrupt the show or make them move. Paying top dollar for something and not getting it, left a little bit of a sour note but all is well we got a refund.Next stop was the gaming tables I like " let it ride" and "21,". We were met by a dealer "Lucy". OMG this lady had such a great personality.  Seriously if you go to Vegas and you're losing money you need to have a dealer like this,  She was very engaging, funny and infectious.  As long as she was at the table we stayed at the table. Luckily we won.  Not a lot, but enough to make it fun and offset some of our cost.The next experience At the Rio was At the world buffet.  It's renowned for having any type of food you could think of.  Personally I didn't find the food anything extraordinary.  Everything was lukewarm and I prefer my food hot, Actually I'm not a fan of any buffet.  What's stood out though was the service. We asked to be seated away from kids , Which pretty much put us into a secluded area at the buffet and Serving areas. The  Coffee server was prompt and when she brought us mimosas, I had asked for plain champagne, No sooner than she turned around she had two glasses of champagne to us. I couldn't even count the seconds! I will definitely return I had such a great time & Exceptional service!!
3	Did not stay here but visited the casino to gamble. Enjoyed the gambling the waitress were attentive and nice.  Did not win much here but had much fun.
4	Nice hotel not too many smokers and there's a big restaurant as soon as you walk into the doors and you can't miss it it's a very fun type of hotel but still not for kids. I stayed here for a week and a half massive rooms the largest I've ever seen in my life besides Crowne Plaza in St Louis Missouri at Clayton
2	This place gets 2 stars instead of 1 star because of the price.  Probably one of the cheapest hotels you can stay at (off the strip).  The rooms are huge and have pretty nice views; however everything inside the hotel/room/casino looked like they haven't been replaced since the hotel opened.  Everything seemed old and outdated.  The decor needs a facelift.  The lights in the bathroom didn't turn on, showering in the dark was fun.  Didn't bother calling the front desk because that likely won't accomplish anything.  Front desk reps were rude and didn't really seem to want to help.  I'd only go back if I didn't have to pay for a room.
2	not a good experience.  Employees were great, management sucked at buffet though.  The food was just ok.  The Prime Rib was undercooked to the point of being unappetizing at the buffet.  But the kicker was the Buffet management.  I had an issue and asked a manager a question at the buffet and he looked at me and walked away.  i wont be going back.  unnecessary trip to go there anyway.   can lose just as bad at other more friendly casinos.   This manager was a big wig i guess.  to big to give a crud about me i guess.
1	My wife and I went to Rio for a short vacation. This hotel is run down and not what it used to be. First Rio does not have the show above the ceiling. Which I use to enjoy watching. That is sad=T. Customer service is not good either. The first room we had had a wet carpet floor, so the front desk gave us another room. Room 664 did not have soap etc. I had to call front desk to get soap. The hotel is outdated and needs new carpets. Upon checkout we had to pay a resort fee of 18 dollars per night plus a 12% tax rate which could not be waived. Even though the rooms for two nights is suppose to be comp. There were no signs , front desk did not even tell us there is a resort fee , etc. What is the point of a free couple of nights at Rio if you still have to pay for a resort fee. Complimentary means free not HIDDEN FEES!  To put this in perspective .... The Gold Coast Casino which is next door DOES NOT charge you a dime when they give you complimentary nights. Gold Coast staff is friendly, have good restaurants open late at night, and provides shuttle services. And oh yeah...they have signs all over the front desk telling you there is a resort fee of 9.99 per night so you are aware of the fees. The good:They have a free shuttle that takes you to the strip every 30 minutes until 1am. Hotel is outdated but is in ok condition.The bad:Resort Fees are hidden.Not friendly front desk.Not not on the strip.Hotel is out dated.No good places to eat late at night in the hotel except Burger King (Yuk!).Would I stay here again? No way! I rather pay alittle more for a better hotel.
3	We stayed at the Rio in September, 2013 and we were satisfied with what we got for the price. When we first checked in to a standard room we were actually pretty disappointed - the carpet was ripped, the counter tops were dirty and stained, the sinks didn't drain, and overall it felt a little run down. We spoke to the front desk and were able to upgrade to a Samba suite for $20 more per night, which was well worth it. The Samba room was much nicer and newly renovated, and we were quite happy with it.Being just off the strip is always a little harder, but the shuttle from Rio to Bally's was pretty consistent.The Rio also had $5 craps tables even on Saturday night, which was nice.Overall we had a fine time, but we will probably be willing to pay a little more to stay on the Strip next time.
1	I never want to stay in this bed bug infested crap hole again. Line to check in took over 3 hours. Awful, just awful.
3	It's off the strip, it's cheap and the rooms are huge. We stayed for 2 days comfortably with 3 girls in the 2 bed queen. The rooms had a living room and 2 sinks (one inside and one outside of the bathroom).  It's a bit dated compared to many hotels in Vegas, but it was clean and quiet and that's all we really needed. (Room service wasn't bad and there was a Starbucks and a Sundries store right off the elevator). Seriously, what do you do in the room except pre-cocktails, recover and sleep). I'd stay here again.
4	We went to Las Vegas for our 5th wedding anniversary - the first week of September. I was a tiny bit apprehensive at first but decided to have fun. My husband and his brothers stayed here 5 years ago and they really enjoyed it. Our check in was relatively painless. Our room was clean, comfortable and had no odor(that is a plus for me). We were charged a resort fee which they say pays for pool use and internet. Not sure what that was all about. Especially since when we booked on Expedia it plainly stated no resort fees. The staff was very friendly. We enjoyed the pool but the Jacuzzi did not work and I was sad about that. We ate at the famous Carnival Buffet. It was very good and the variety was grand. The casino has ticketed as well as free entertainment. The Rio has a party scene atmosphere - it was cool. The overall look and feel of the Rio was that is was older- had character and affordable. The Casino has a shuttle that takes you to the strip daily every 30 minutes until 1am. I wanted to ride the elevator up to the 51st floor just to take in the scene but was not allowed  to because the elevator is for club Voodoo patrons only.I would stay here again.
5	Rooms are great! Housekeeping did a great job! Prices are a bit high but its Vegas! Had fun here!
4	Love this place... So comfortable.  CleanOne of the best bedsLove the fitness centerHaven't tried the food at their buffet yet... too busy eating at The "M" and Caesars.  The  Mandalay Bay buffet never disappoints.  The Wynn, Aria, Cosmopolitan  are also tops.
1	BEWARE OF HIDDEN CHARGES!!! $21/per night automatic for Internet and 'resort access' (to use sauna, even if you don't use either you will be charged)! Long distance call is $12, even if you call and no one answers. If you do use the Spa, they round your charges... They do not charge your actual receipt amount. The front desk is unable to adjust charges even if you have receipts that prove the charge has been altered (rounded).The rooms were nice but don't believe your getting a deal, they will steam roll you with HIDDEN CHARGES!
3	Rooms are large and okay except the showers are terrible! Resort fee includes internet for 1 device per day otherwise it's $13.Pool area is nice and has sand and waterfalls but pools range from cold to lukewarm and even the hot tub is not hot. The fish pool is heated kinda. They have a shuttle to Harrahs and a shuttle to Ballys that are free and run every half hour or so. They have a Burger King which has a limited menu and the meals come with a beer, but if you're starving at 4am, it's a godsendCasino floor is decent size, ironically, not a lot of poker players.
1	It may have been nice when new but its far from it now. If your a smoker this is the place for you. I felt like Id smoked a pack between parking my car and checking in at the front desk. Don't arrive early because they up charge you to check in an hour early.($22) Then of course you need to also pay for the resort fee, another $22. Even if you don't use any of the so called resort. Half the shops are closed or close to it, even one of the Starbucks of the lobby. Dirty, tired the place is past its prime. Even for free I would never step foot inside again. Dump is the 4 letter word that best describes this place.
3	Location location location
1	Awful, the sports book is old and the people working here are all rude as can be. Was only person sitting at bar watching game... Bartender changes channel of game... Tells me "his bar his rules." Awful experience. Just play somewhere else.
1	Huge Disappointment - $20 per day for a resort fee that does not offer much is a bit of a sham.   We stayed in one of the ue  rooms and I would agree with others about the shower being terrible and the room having a musty smell.   You can see that the vents have not been cleaned out in quite some time.  The worst part is that we could not get any sleep until after 2 am due to the music ( or I should say the same beat repeating over and over) from the Voodoo lounge filling our room and shaking our walls.  We called the front desk to change rooms and were told that no rooms were available.  The manager was supposed to call us which never happened. When we checked out the hotel thought that removing the resort fee was good enough.  After explaining that we had paid for a room that we were supposed to get some sleep in which did not happen the front desk was willing to remove an additional $20.  Wow - hold me back.  Needless to say we are not coming back.FYI  - stay off floor 35 of the masquerade tower.
4	I've now stayed here probably well over a dozen times in the last 6-7yrs. Frequently the casino even more.Pros: -Just off the Las Vegas strip, so avoiding the typically major strip traffic but still near all the action. Note that one of the busiest intersections, LV Blvd/Flamingo is just around the corner.-Rooms are larger than the average hotel room. Included mini-fridge. The rooms ain't 5 star but aren't trashy either. There have been some minor problems a few times, but nothing to ruin a trip.-At least in my experiences, except for one major incident*, the employees have been real friendly and interactive.-Parking is ample. There are 2 parking structures, one each on opposite ends of the property and valet is also an option.-Locals get 50% off the Carnival buffet Monday to Friday lunch and 25% at a couple other food spots. There's a few other locals discounts but that is the most popular one I believe. Pho shop & Deli next to Sportsbook is good for a quick bite.-Penn & Teller, if you're into magic shows.Cons:-Late night dining options are pretty slim. BK Whopper bar on one end of the property and All-American B&G(which if you saw my reviews, I've had bad experiences). Usually friends and I will venture off property for late night grinds. There's room service too I suppose, if you're staying there.-Machines(video poker/slots) payouts & table game limits are in line with strip casinos. There is the Palms across the street and Gold Coast next door that offer better gaming options in both aspects.-For being the home of the World Series of Poker, the poker action is pretty sparse there. Even when there is a game, its mostly locals too.The Rio seems to try to market themselves as a locals casino with things like food discounts, 2-4-1 tickets to certain shows, staycations. Priority parking for local Diamond/Seven Star members. It can't be easy with 2 casinos next to them who offer more to local players.I believe the Rio sure beats staying at some of the lower end casino/hotels on the strip. The room prices are in mid range. At the same time, it doesn't compare to places like the Venetian, Bellagio, Wynn etc. But overall not a bad option depending on your budget/needs.*Three years ago, when I had a Seven Stars Companion players card. Friend and I were playing craps. In the middle of my turn, the pit boss interrupts my roll to 'ask' if I had another players card since this one isn't valid. I tell him it's definitely valid and current but he claims to never have seen this card before. What sucks is, right after this brief exchange, I throw the dice and crap out. You could hear a collective groan from the table of players. If you're familiar with gaming etiquette and craps in particular, it's considered bad luck to interrupt someone's turn like that and like clockwork, I lose right away. I was calm but not happy. I think the rest of the players weren't too glad about what happened. I know my friend was pretty mad about the pit boss interrupting my turn. Of course we both stopped playing right then, but I had to wait while the pit boss sorted it out. I found out he had called the shift manager. She showed up and did some calling and running around, I guess finding out if my card was real or not. After keeping us waiting about 15-20min, she finally introduced herself and explained the situation. She said she had not even seen that particular players card either but did check into it and indeed I am exactly what my card says I am and apologized for the inconvenience. When we cashed out at the craps table, all the pit boss said to us was 'good luck.' He didn't seem sorry at all for his lack of tact and etiquette. I was ok though since the shift manager cleared it up and felt really bad about it all.
1	Horrible experience staying here. We are in Vegas often, this was the first and last time I've stayed here. Staff was rude. Rooms are outdated dirty and not like the pics. They're called suites but are not very suite like. The room was dirtier after housekeeping than before. All in all terrible experience. Stay elsewhere!!!!
1	Worst service in Vegas. Dealers tried to take valid winnings multiple times, this has never happened to me in Vegas and it happened here 4 times in 3 days. The cashier staff ignored regular players and only serviced their "elite" for a good half hour, this included laughing and comments when one of us dared go near the only windows open. Cashier manager "Donna" was no help clearly if you are not a regular loser here you don't count.After a half hour of being treated like dirt she had a third window open, how kind of her.After I complained, she instructed her staff that they should alternate and not ignore regular guests. Mind you this advice comes in October of 2013 and they have  been open for how long??Room was old an dated. Housekeeping was sloppy and often left items in the hallway right after they "cleaned" the floor. My girl friend tripped over something left by our door, not ours mind you, just left by our door. Had to wheel her to airplane she couldn't walk. And most confusing only Pepsi?? Of course if your an alcoholic you can choose from multiple brands of booze.All in all stay away, the rooms are dated, the staff is rude, management doesn't seem to care.
3	Decent hotel with large rooms if the price is right. The bathroom had an odd sewage type of smell which they were able to resolve once I called. I have no idea what it was, but not the smell you want in a hotel room. Keep in mind it's off the strip so you have to drive, take a cab, or take their shuttle that runs to Harrah's or Bally's every 30 mins or so til 1 am if you want to hit the strip.There were a few annoyances, including the check in line taking half an hour and the in room check out not working so I had to check out at the desk. I'd consider staying here if the price were right but if you planning on hitting the strip every day, the lack of a "home base" if you want to relax some is a little annoying.
1	Terrible Service and no Coca Cola?? Cashier's treat non platinum members like dirt, dealers try to take valid bets, housekeeping well pretty close to an urban legend.
3	First night: the bed is as stiff and uncomfortable as they get. The pillows are very thick and I have now been on hold for 10 min with the front desk to ask for feather pillows. Unacceptable.The room is nice and large and is modestly decorated.
5	One of my favorite places to stay.  BEST buffet :-)  Great service.  Awesome rooms.  I'll be back here on my next trip!
3	We booked the Rio because Vegas was unusually busy the weekend that we wanted to go and hotels on the Strip were unusually pricey.  After logging into my Total Rewards account online, I saw that the rate for Rio was quite low for Friday and Saturday and Sunday was free!  The rates on Expedia for the same rooms at Rio were noticeably higher and Sunday would not have been free.  So from a room rate perspective for a busy weekend in Vegas, we got a great deal on 3 nights for Rio by booking online through Total Rewards.During check in, we were offered an upgrade to a recently remodeled room for $20 per night.  The agent recommended this as a very good deal.  The un-remodeled rooms were last remodeled almost 10 years ago vs. 4 months ago for the upgraded rooms.  We took the upgrade and the rooms were pleasantly furnished and carpeted.  The rooms are approximately 600 sq feet but it feels like a lot of wasted space because there's 1 small couch, and a cocktail table in the "living area".  There is no separation of a wall or anything between the "living area" and the sleeping area.  There was 1 older flat screen TV but it doesn't swivel easily between watching on the bed and watching from the couch.  (It didn't swivel at all actually, you have to turn the entire tv and the non-swivelable tv base toward the couch.)The pool area is decent. The lounge chairs are older but not terrible.  The nice thing was that there were plenty of them because the Rio pools are not exactly a hip happening place.The Carnival Buffet is solid and clean and we ate there as part of the 24 Hour Buffet of Buffets for breakfast and lunch.  Without the Buffet of Buffet passes, we wouldn't have eaten here though because the weekend prices were surprisingly quite high.Unfortunately, of the 4 elevators servicing the Masquerade Tower, only 2 were operational during the entire 3 night stay!   Apparently 1 of the 4 elevators is meant to be a service elevator for the service and cleaning staff.  That was one of the elevators that was broken so we were sometimes sharing already cramped elevators with service staff.  In addition, the UP escalator from the casino floor to access the parking garage was non-operational during our entire stay as well.  There were no visible nearby stairs.  This wouldn't have been so bad but they blocked off access so you could not walk up the escalator on your own either.  This was very annoying!  You then had to backtrack to a nearby elevator that just runs between the 1st and 2nd floor. On Monday morning, there were finally 2 service technicians working to repair the escalator.  It does suck that Rio didn't care enough to fix the elevator and escalator issues as soon as possible to minimize visitor inconvenience.Overall, we were satisfied with the value because we did get a really good rate when other hotels were 2-3 times the price, so I'm giving it 3 stars.  If not for the double whammy of the aggravating escalator and elevators during our entire stay, I'd have been a happier camper.
1	Rio wasn't what it used to be. Pro: has 3 swimming pools that are kid friendly (meaning that they are shallow)Cons: -bed was very uncomfortable-water head in the shower was set to conserve water...which is fine but the way it sprayed out it actually made showering longer!-elevators were super slow AND there's no complimentary WiFi Seriously?! In this day and age you can't offer free wifi?!
2	My husband and I have been regulars at the Rio for many years. However our last stay on 9/19/13 left much to be desired! We were given room # 512 in the Ipanema tower that was directly above the All American Grill . As soon as we walked in the room smelled like someone had been barbecuing in it . As the evening wore on the smell got stronger and stronger .   I went downstairs to see if we could be moved to another room due to the awful smell . The check in woman referred me to the manager Christopher Manville who actually brought a security guard out of the back office with him!    I explained the situation and was told by him that there were no other rooms available without even a sorry or any alternative solution. He then told me I could go to caesars.com to register a complaint . I did that twice but to date have not received a response .
4	Rio loves locals. They have local discounts in either most or all of their restaurants. It's off the strip so it's convenient for me as a local to get there. I've seen some of the regular rooms and some of the suites. It's not as outdated as some may think. Hotel rooms are clean and casino is clean. Good place to eat out and local discounts always help.
5	The rooms are great and spacious.The all suite makes it amazing as you don't have to juggle for the price on which room to pick.The rooms are clean and the staff maintains it all the time.Staff is wonderful.I normally prefer this to stay as it has low rates and also not so busy to get in and out.No strip traffic if you commute in your car.They have a shuttle/bus service from the casino to Bally's in case you don't have a car and want to hang out on the Strip.Get the pool view room as it also overlooks the strip.
4	How can I forget this hotel after watching Austin Powers so many times! This is not the Rio De Janerio, it's  the Rio Hotel and Casino! One of the well known hotels in Las Vegas, and kind of distant from the main strip. Well, at least not walking distance. I was on a mission to find a hotel close to my friend's MMA event and the Rio was the closest hotel. I was able to get a great deal on a travel website and booked my room right away.  Upon the day of my arrival, the check-in  was very easy. I came in at a non-peak time. As a hotel guest waiting in line to check, a staff member of the hotel handed us bottled water and coupons for the attractions within the hotel's partners.The pros for the room are that it's very spacious and had great view of the strip. The room was thoroughly cleaned before I even checked in. My biggest gripe I had about the hotel was not having cell phone service to save my life! With the $20+ resort fee I had to pay at least included WiFi. My service provider is Sprint.The checkout was as easy for  me as checking in. I checked out from my hotel room to be on my merry way to the airport. I would stay at the Rio again, but this time I would have rented a car. The amount I paid in cab fares, it would have been cheaper and go where ever I wanted. Or called up my friends who live in Las Vegas ahead of time.
1	The room was not ready at check in, and was not ready until an hour after check in time. Once in the room, it was learned that what they call a deluxe suite is just a standard room.  The manager actually told me they call it deluxe vs standard because it draws more people.  The sink faucet was broken and the toilet paper holder fell off the wall. Plus a 20.00 per night sur charge for internet, phone, and fitness center (didnt use any of these services). . A true disappointment.
4	Good price .. Decent service .. Big rooms .. Easy access to the strip.. Im sold!
4	Great prices for a room and not far from the strip although I would not walk, we had a rental car.I was researching prices and resort fees, parking fees, etc for our  trip to Las Vegas. It was our first trip there and I was a little overwhelmed at all the hotels, prices, resort fees, etc. I found a great deal with Allegiantair.com for our hotel, flight and rental car. Finding the hotel was not hard, but trying to park and check in was crazy for us! We parked where we thought we should but as we got out a valet screamed at us to move. I was very upset, we had just flew in from our delayed flight, we were tired, hungry and this is Vegas?? Let's go home, is what I was thinking.A different Valet came over to help us, he was so nice and helped us with where to go and where to park. My husband went to check in while I sat in the car. When he came back he was not sure where to park to get to our room. We circled around for a while trying to figure it out and had to go back to the Valet area where the same nice young man helped us out. He renewed my spirit that night! We finally found out where to park and then tried to find our room! Ugg, small town folk, it is hard! We were so lost, my husband left again to find someone to help us. It was kind of a maze for us. I was overly tired and started crying like a cranky toddler. He came back, we found our room and went to sleep. This hotel is rather old, but our room was clean, and honestly, we didn't spend a lot of time in here so as long as it was clean and quiet, I was happy. If you want a really upscale room, this hotel will be satisfy you. But if yo are on a budget and just need a place to crash, this is your hotel! If we didn't have a rental car I would not have wanted to stay here because the strip is long enough to walk without having to walk to the hotel afterwards.We had a great time in Las Vegas and the Rio was an economical choice for us. No resort or parking fees which can rack up! There is a fee for wi-fi but we jsut used our phones for everything.Seafood buffet was a let down. We heard amazing things about it and decided to spend the money (expensive) , we were disappointed. Of course, we come from the coast where we have amazing seafood, so this was not up to par in the least. I would not recommend it. Everything else was good.We would stay here again!
3	I've stayed at the Rio a couple times now, most recently because it was the cheapest (for a decent hotel) on only a couple days notice.  The rooms are nice and the rooms are huge.  There is a complimentary refrigerator for your in-suite beverages and plenty of room to get ready if you are staying with multiple people.  The place is huge and has pretty much every you need on site from eating to gambling to drinking to entertainment (though I've never seen a show there).  The rooftop bar is nice, giving you a great view of the Strip.  The only downside with it being a bit off the Strip I probably saw most of my savings going towards cab fares.  Otherwise a nice hotel for the price point, I'd probably stay again.
2	What is happening with the Rio ? Or maybe I should say what happened ?  Am I seeing the death of a big resort first hand?  Is this the sad ending to a once extremely popular hotel ?  I will say some good things still exists here. Buffet still rocks (Minor issue, see below)  All American Bar and Grill is still good for Sunday Football. Room was very clean and housekeeping took care of everything to a T. The personnel that worked the front desk, valet, and our waitress were great and I am glad that the Rio has kept up the tradition of good friendly hotel staff. It used to be such a nice change of pace staying away from the strip away from the hustle and bustle and you never even had to go to the strip because there was always so much to do here. Look I was a fan and stayed here many many times over the years. The pools were always so much fun, and now later in the year (November and it was 78*) even though the weather is still co operative, pools are closed and one is drained and empty. Shops are now empty, and what shops are open are having 50% off sales and pushy sales people hocking their crap. Escalator has been "roped off" for four days now. No soft serve at the buffet!  WTF!!!  Trash cans have been filled to capacity like they cut back on janitorial staff. The rooms have been advertised as recently renovated. And by that, I mean leave the chipped tile on the bathroom floor but throw a coat of paint on other things.  Free wi fi for only one device per day that you still pay a resort fee for so ultimately it isn't really free. And it's spotty service at best. And no more show in the sky ?  Really ?  Has the economy been so bad that they eliminated something that originally put them on the map ?  Sad. I would like to have the old Rio back that was synonymous with A Good Time.  Everyone has a place they stay at in Vegas. And I used to always say, without hesitancy, The Rio.
2	Unless you're in to hookers and blow (the former is abundant here), stay elsewhere. We were looking forward to some winter warmth on this vacation, but the pool is closed, as is ALL outdoor access. If you want to enjoy the 80 degree weather and soak up some sun, you may sit on the curb out front or climb atop the parking garage. There are NO chairs/benches to be outdoors anywhere. The gym is $25/day and you have to pay $15/day if you want wifi. If you want to gamble all day long in the super smokey casino and be hostage indoors, this is your place.
3	I had a great view of the strip, but paid 20 bucks a day for that said view. Oh well. That would be no big deal, but it was in the winter, and the pools are drained, and they are quite the eyesore. The concierge was fairly useless, or never answered the phone. My suite was newly renovated though, so it was pretty. it's too far from the strip really for a normal "stay". The shuttles to Bally's and Harrah's helps, though.
4	One of the better budget hotels out in Vegas since it's a couple minutes off the Strip,  It was a carnival/masquerade theme, although once popular. It never reinvented itself when the newer properties on the Strip came.None the less, I find the Rio to be a great bang for buck spot. I highly suggest it if you have been to Vegas several times, and don't need to be in the middle of the Strip and it's action.  It's also good if you travel to many of the local spots in Vegas (for example the Rio is literally right next to the Spring Mountain's Chinatown district), so I think Vegas vets should consider the Rio if they are looking for a more laid back vibe.Being off the Strip, its a lot more quiet out here and doesn't get crowded.  Hard to determine a specific demographic, but seems to caters to many locals.  It is a Harrah's property, so it falls under the Total Rewards Program for gamblers.  As far as the rooms goes, they are all suites. Bigger and although a little dated. They have the basic amenities and also a fridge.  I gotten the corner wraparound suite once, and that room was magnificent. Also don't complain about the resort fees...majority of the tourist and Strip casinos charge them, and yes nobody likes them. But they are a Vegas standard now so we just gotta deal with it.If I'm doing an extended stay in Vegas, I don't mind staying out here at the Rio. I suggest you have a car or plan out a bigger budget for taxis If you do stay out here. They do have a shuttle that runs twice an hour but only until 1-2am or so. It's also right next to the Palms if you want to party, and the Gold Coast is a locals casino with great deals as well.
2	Finally stayed here and wasnt impressed. I thought i liked the bed. It was pretty soft. So pull back the sheets to look at the mattress to see what kind it is what do i see, period stains. I was totally disgusted. I had highier expectations of this place. I checked in on face book and got a free drink at the bar, that was cool. The rooftop club is cool. The hotel room was a good size. But i probably wouldnt stay here again. the room was also far from the parking which i hate. This place is big too, easy to get lost.
1	The only thing that I enjoyed about this Hotel/ Casino is the buffet. Oh, and their roof-top party which offers a beautiful view. Other than that, they'll never get my money ever again. Customer Service is TERRIBLE ! Their HIDDEN fees are BS. They charge you for either (1) services that you don't intend on using or (2) Services that they can't even deliver: Wi-fi. I spent over an hour on the phone with their Tech Support trying to fix the issue with unsuccessful outcome, it never worked. No one followed up yet they were quick enough to add an additional $22.50/ per night .Unless you're really old, only plan on staying in--ONE--casino, and enjoy the smell of cigarette [third hand smoke], then stay here. (This hotel is so old that cigarette smoke is all you smell.. it's trapped in their carpet.) Otherwise, I'd  much rather pay a few bucks more and stay on the strip at a newer hotel.Although it's not located too far off the strip, expect to pay about $20/one way to the strip, and $30 to the airport. Sure they provide shuttles, but it's not always convenient, trust me! Sometimes you want to just jump on the cab and get to your destination.
1	Extremely racist, had a horrible experience of my wallet being stolen at a club & Hotel Manager Maria Mendoza was far from accommodating. They wouldn't let me in my room to get my things & I had to sleep in the lobby. Minutes later I was harassed and told to go outside at 5am after fully prepaying for my room for 3 days 2 nights. Mind you it's 50 degrees outside.... This use to be one of my favorite hotels? Will never stay here again!!!!
1	I was accosted and harassed by hookers so many times I lost count. Was pick pocketed and scammed in the elevator. There is no security making sure that only guests are going to the floors like most other hotels here have. When I checked in the first room has literally every piece of furniture damaged and first thing I see is a roach scurry across bathroom. Oh and the concave sagging bed. I complained and was switched to a much nicer but smaller room. When I complained about the hookers in the elevators and pick pocketing I was told "welcome to Vegas" and the apologetic staff stated that there was nothing they could do for me or about the problems.
3	It's not great, but it's not terrible.
3	Rio has an average of 3-stars here on Yelp and I think that sounds about right. My expectations are usually higher for non-strip hotels because there's so much to see and do on the strip, why would I wanna go off the beaten path?Room deals or should I say suite deals since Rio is an all-suites hotel. Their price is pretty decent but you get what you pay for. The rooms could use some upgrades. For this stay, they ran out of queen doubles so we had to settle for a King with a pullout. It wasn't so bad. We had to call housekeeping for the mattress cover and pillows. It took them half an hour to fulfill our request.There's mini bar for you midnight munchies and a mini fridge to keep your booze chilled. Who doesn't like pre-gaming, right? As for food options, they have 3 buffets: Carnival World, Seafood, and Indian. For your Asian cravings, there's Pho Da Nang and a dimsum place. And then there's the BK burger bar.The casino itself wasn't too bad. The female cocktail servers are scantily clad and double as go-go dancers on stage. Various game options and the minimums here seem to be lower compared to some strip casinos.Parking isn't to bad either. We opted for the Carnival Garage and it's closer than the other one. Don't make the first right on Rio drive, got to the next one instead.
1	I was just here there is a virus goggle it they won't tell anyone any they are acting like it is not true we just saw. It on cnn an bolted !!! They are not admitting it and they actually took 16 by ambulance with over 100 sick !! Stay away
5	I have to say that I had no complaints with my stay here at the Rio. When my boyfriend and I checked in, the front desk agent was very knowledgeable and friendly. Went to our suite and it was awesome! Very clean and spacious! The casino was a little small compared to other hotels, but it had a bit of everything. The dealers here were friendly and personable. I have to say that I was most comfortable and enjoyed playing tables and slots at the Rio. The Rio is about a mile off the strip, but the walk to the strip isn't too bad. Well we did go when the weather wasn't too hot. It would be killer during the summer. There are free shuttles that will take you to the strip too.The fitness gym is a little small, but everything that you need is in there. The spa and fitness employees were very helpful and kind. The gym was always neat and water and juice were always refilled.If I were to go back to Las Vegas, I would definitely stay at the Rio. My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay!!
1	Never Again.  See Exhibit A. http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2013/dec/02/health-department-norovirus-caused-100-sicknesses-/Most of my family contracted the norvovirus while at the Rio over this last weekend.  Now, I understand that the Rio isn't to blame for all of this.  However, the way that they handled the outbreak was so classless and cheap that I will never patronize this hotel again. My boyfriend and I got sick Friday night and assumed it was food poisoning.  However, then my sister, who hadn't ate with us, got sick on Saturday morning.  I noticed that the cleaning staff had started wearing medical masks that morning as well.  Finally, because we were all sick in bed, we saw this story on CNN and called down to the hotel.  They confirmed the virus and said it didn't make sense to leave because we were already sick and contagious.  The hotel didn't issue a statement until Saturday afternoon.  The hotel had known that these kids who spread the virus were sick as of Friday morning.  The Rio took steps to notify and protect their staff before their guests.  Had we been given the information earlier, we very well may have left before we were able to get sick.  It absolutely ruined our trip.  Even after you're down with the stomach flu portion of the virus, you are incredibly tired and achey for the next day or so after.  So, we weren't really able to leave the hotel.  Further, the Rio was absolutely rude about extending our check out time.  Our plan had been to check out on Sunday, leave our stuff in my mom's room, and go to the strip until our flight at 5.  My boyfriend was still pretty bed bound Sunday morning.  I asked the hotel for a check out extension because we were sick with this stomach flu and couldn't really leave the hotel.  They would only extend it for a short time and said I had to come down in person for an extension until 5.  I explained to them that I had minimal sleep and needed to shower and really didn't feel like hiking it to reservations - they wouldn't budge.  I showered and went downstairs and the lady in reservations was so unpleasant.  Her exact words to me were "I don't see what your issue could be, you already have late check out." Lastly, the Rio never offered any kind of compensation for the hassle we went through.  Now I know they don't have to, but they were fully aware of how awful this virus is and knew the guests who had it wouldn't be able to enjoy their stay.  Hotels give out rooms and gambling credits like candy in Vegas.  It would have been the classy thing to do.  My advice - stay away.  Far away.
1	Absolutely no good! Richard Tenhet a manager at Rio is very unprofessional on handling situation. He needs more training on handling customer service. I can't believe Rio hires a person like Richard Tenhet who was not able to calm himself down in front of the guest. No smiles on his face and no suggestions on how things can be better. Because of that I will never ever recommend Rio to my friends and family. Worst experience service I ever had.
1	I am staying here on a business trip.  Not your normal sleep all day party all night Las Vegas trip.  My company booked the room for me.  Recently my wallet was stolen from me, and so my drivers license went along with that.  My employer was sure to tell whom ever he booked the room with that this was an issue.  The person told him that it was fine as long as the paper the DMV gave me had my D.O.B. on it, in which it does.  I arrived in Vegas around 2pm and went directly to my employment to establish my job and duties.  I did not arrive to check into my room until around 11pm.  The staff was quite rude!  The first guy I delt with was not, he just did not have the authority to allow me to check in with out proper ID which contained a photo to prove I am who I am.  The manager did ok my check in, however she told me I am not allowed anywhere on the gambling floor.  Please, I am beautiful, but I do not in any way look under 21yrs of age.  My reply to this was simply, Im not here to gamble, Im here to sleep at that it.  (Mind you, I've been out on that gambling floor!)Now comes the cleaning staff.  THEY STEAL FROM YOU and when you bring it up to the front desk, they TREAT YOU LIKE POOP!  I raided the mini bar, yes ... yes I did.  I ate a container full of chips, a twix candy bar and ONE can of diet coke.  It was there, it was convenient and so I grabbed it.  The next night, I remembered that there was still one diet coke left so I didn't stop at a gas station to purchase on.  When I got to my room the second diet coke was gone.  I called down to the front desk to inform them that the cleaning crew had jacked a diet coke and I will eat on my dime, I will NOT pay for the cleaning personnel to eat on my dime! The person I spoke with on the phone pretty much told me I was going to be paying for this diet coke because Im the one who drank it.  Im sure they do get this type of situations all the time and thus the poor attitude in handling the situation however some people are honest.  Take a step back and look at how much you pay your employees, the person stole from me.  This is a round about decent hotel.  It is dated and does show its age, however the floor and entertainment is pretty cool.  They have some rather neat shops inside and thats really all I've had any time to check out.  They do offer WiFi, but you have to pay $13.00 PER DAY for it.  Im staying a week, there is no way  Im going to pay that much per day which makes it hard to perform business.  They should be offering some sort of deal for persons actually on business and not play.  Also, I know that you are allowed to smoke inside of casinos, but it smells so disgusting inside.  Like a stale old dirty bar.  Its gross.Im so displeased with the way that I have been treated by staff that I can not give the any higher rating that one star.
4	Usually I stay at the Mirage but last year I stayed there five times too many, so I decided to stay at the Rio because it was comped! Now it's time for a change of scenery, even though I'm treated there like a VIP and receive high floors with strip views for free and have my own line for buffets and check ins. Speaking of checking in, the Rio needs to organize their Hotel Registration area and create a separate line for Diamond, Platinum and Seven Stars vs the regular Joe's (Gold Tier), the person in front of me flipped out because the person assisting the registration area let 2 people from the VIP line check in before us. Talk about lack of organization! This hotel may not be up to date with some of the other Harrah's hotels (Caesar's Palace, Paris, and Planet Hollywood) but it gets the job done, plus all the rooms are suites. So more room for, ME! My suite included: 2 Queen Beds (No Bedbugs), Wifi, Sitting area for guests,  A huge bath with a separate shower and toilet with a second separate shower and toilet, I thought was pretty odd. Also a refrigerator for drinks and snacks and a Keurig Coffee maker. Although the suite was not up to date, along with the whole resort, it was incredibly clean and did it's job. Hurray for the Rio! I didn't get to see Show in the Sky but it looked corny too me. =l I didn't have time to try any of their restaurants because I checked in around 10pm and I was moving to the Orleans the next day for a slot tourney. I didn't get to spend too much time around the Rio, other then the Casino where the drink waitresses were friendly. I will definitely give Rio another try, if my room is comped or is deep discounted. CARNIVAL!
3	If your looking to walk up and down the strip an be in the center of it all do not stay here. It's a good 15 minutes in a taxi with traffic. You can't walk to and from the strip from here. It is clean and bigger then most. My husband saw Penn and Teller there and loved it. There's a lot to see inside and a big stage with a band playing. They have a wine tasting cellar downstairs which looked nice but I didn't make it in. Staff was ok.
3	Our room was very nice. Very large and clean. The room price was only $36 plus the resort fee. And there was a credit for some food. However the casino is mediocre at best, smoky with low ceilings. The restaurant prices were high and there wasn't even free coffee in the room.
3	This review is for the new remodeled rooms. Rio desperately needed a makeover the rooms have taken a beating in the last serval years. Finally they got a remodel, I believe only some floors not all got it. They're called samba rooms, colorful and much nicer than days of past. They installed stainless steal sinks and nice comfy new beds. If you get unlucky and get a old room than its like staying at a motel with large space and old tube tv and all.
2	The hotel is rather dated, and is far too worn to be pulling the crap they do with all the nickel & dime charges they want to pinch customers for.   Called to ask about an check in early and was told there would be a $20 charge.  Really?!  Decided to pass on the early check in and waited till the end of my day to go check in.  After being scolded for pulling into the wrong valet lane so I could unload my suitcase and check in (I should have been in the common folk lane, not the super duper multi-star lane), I checked in for a two night stay.  Finally got checked in and headed to my room.  The bathroom area has a nice seated vanity area, but THERE WAS NO MIRROR over it.  Clearly there should have been because you could see the spots on the wall where there used to be adhesive.  Got past that.  Was happy to see that there was a Keurig coffee maker on the counter near the vanity.The next morning I got up and went to make a cup of coffee.  Realized there was no coffee nor coffee condiments on the counter.  I called housekeeping and they advised that there IS coffee, but it is part of the honor bar and there is a charge if you use.  Are you kidding me?!  Another "amenity" that they want to nickel-and-dime-you-to-death with.  Once ready to head out I decided to leave the "do not disturb" on the door as I didn't feel like securing all my valuables and computer.  Come back after a long day, slip off my shoes and am getting comfortable.  Head into the restroom area and catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror over the vanity.  Wait a minute - there WAS no mirror over the vanity this morning!  Apparently the housekeeping and engineering staff decided to completely disregard my "DO NOT DISTURB" on the door and help themselves to my room, while all my personal belongings, valuables and electronics were out in the open!  I felt violated, unsafe and totally pissed off.  When I called the front desk to complain, they asked if I'd like someone from housekeeping to contact me.  Why?  Why would I want that?!  The customer relations person I spoke to were less than sympathetic nor concerned.   I slept uneasy that night, and vowed I will never step foot into that place again.  I didn't find anything missing but that is besides the point.  They had no right in my room when I asked for privacy.And the icing on the cake of the mirror suddenly appearing in my room was that they didn't even bother to clean it after they installed it!  There were smudges and hand prints all over it.  Nice.So if you decide to stay here - make sure you lock up your stuff even if you have the "Do Not Disturb" placquard showing.  Because they do not respect your rights or privacy.
1	They call this a suite... no microwave, they have a coffee maker, BUT... the coffee for the coffee maker is $8 in the mini bar.  Really.. I paid a $20 + resort fee, plus the room and now you want $8 for the coffee...No good, don't expect me to spend money in your casino if you nickel and dime me in the room.
2	Just finished up a stay at the RIO.  Front desk service was terrible. The staff member who checked us in never looked us in the face and in fact never smiled the entire time.   They offered us an upgrade to a better room.   I would have hated to see our original room. The shower head was broken ,  there was duct tape on the carpet to hold it down and the bathroom faucet water smelled of sewage.   When we first checked in there was a room service tray in the hallway outside our room.  When we checked out three days later the tray was still there.    I would not recommend this hotel.
3	Since I wasn't there for very long, this is a review in progress I guess you could say.. I seemingly take a trip to Vegas each year, so next time in town I will hit up Rio and give it another try  =~The Good~Rio is off of the main part of the strip, so  it has a feel of being its own animal, I guess you could say. I haven't eaten at any of the restaurants, but the variety of options is perfect, from Caribbean fare to fine seafood, then they have this fun looking Indian food place as we walked in...Best of many worlds if you ask me. Gambling hall looks spacious and spread out evenly, and the events center which we saw Penn & Teller at was large, had a Starbucks for those coffee lovers, and a large lobby for all patrons with a bar. They have some drink stations as well, like Last Call for those whom like the slushy drinks. I was not in for very long, but I love island-themed resorts, so this place looks slick and worth a try again.~The Bad~I did notice that the pool was small, looked extremely small, actually. So I must have been seeing a side pool, I am sure....otherwise that is the smallest damn pool, why would a Caribbean-themed casino have a rinky-dink pool? Hrmm... The parking lot was also crazy; the structure had no room for our car, which forced us to park in the overflow lot.  I did not mind walking, but it was annoying having to drive around to an overflow lot... Also, the place did not smell overly inviting, not sure if it was the cigarette smoke or the cigarette smoke... Blech.  Also, just as it is off the strip which is nice, it is also difficult getting to all the other action. It would be difficult for me to have to drive to the strip each time I want to go down there, a lot of work.~The Down low~Overall, this place is fun. I was not able to enjoy it and take the entire place in on my trip there, mainly because we had the show to catch. Next time in Vegas, I will try to venture back and view more the casino has to offer. I will try to verify the pool situation, and see if parking ever gets better...until then they will get a generic 3 stars...But that should change :-0
2	Casinos off the strip really need to step up because they cannot compete with the strip casinos.  Often they need to have cheaper tables, looser machines or some type of novelty to lure people in their casino.  Rio doesn't deliver, as with most off strip casino.  Rooms are large, but dated.  Views of the rooms are boring.  Casino, while large and cheap tables, doesn't seem to have any excitement.  I guess updating with newer slots is not a consideration here.  It's ok, but once you get on the strip, this place is kind of boring and tacky.
4	I generally enjoy my stay. The suit we got is very large, with a king bed, sofa, desk, chairs.Tub is small though, and overall decoration feels pretty standard / spartan even. If I can get Rio's suits at the same price again (around $60), its a worthwhile stay. Not much higher though I think.
4	Absolutely great show!  Sammy, Dean and Joey are VERY good, but Frank NAILS it.  Come and see this show!
4	The Rio is large, clean, the staff is friendly, it's away from the strip and best of all our room was only $27 a night! We came here for Christmas and the Rio was by far the cheapest. My only complaint is the $40 a day resort fee.... That's crap.
4	Being in Los Angeles, I'm a frequent Las Vegas weekender. We have gone there 9 times this year and have stayed in many great hotels, like Manaday Bay, Arias, Westin Lake Las Vegas, or ok hotels like Stratosphere (which is a better hotel than I had expected). It all depends on which hotel had a good deal for the weekend. I did a blind express deal and got Rio as a 4-star hotel. The price was great but I was concerned about the hotel, what with people saying it was dated, the rooms and linen were dirty, service was poor, etc. But my actual experience told a very different story.First of all, I like the location. It is right off Flamingo Blvd, which is the very near the heart of Las Vegas at the junction of Flamingo Blvd and Las Vegas Blvd. No you can't just walk to the main strip from the hotel because I-15 separates you from the main strip. But we drove in, and it was not a problem. (Tip: if you want a room right on the strip for low dollars, go for Hurrah's. It's right in midst of the hustle and bustle but it is an older hotel.) Second, you should know that as the hotel's name implies, all the rooms are suites. That should be worth extra dollars but you don't end up paying extra.I liked the check in experience. We dropped off the car with the valet and walked right in to the very large and colorful lobby. Check in was a breeze, and one big reason was because the check in counter was actually in the lobby. That's not like with many other expensive hotels where they make you walk through the entire casino to get to the counter (the Aria and the MGM Grand come to mind). Since it was already 9pm I asked if all the good rooms were gone. The clerk just smiled and said yeah most of the rooms are gone but no worries we are upgrading you to the Samba King suite. Sweet.The elevator was clean, bright and polished. The hallways on my floor was coloful, festive, clean and bright. The room? Very big, clean and tastefully decorated. Even though it's a suite, there was no separate bedroom with a door. I don't want that anyway, but I suppose parents with kids might enjoy that privacy. The living room has modern and comfortable furniture. The king bed was firm and, most importantly, very clean. The bathroom was huge! Double vanity, separate shower room, and easily the size of a small motel room by itself. Young folks and budget-concious folks take note: you could sneak in 6 other people with sleeping bags and they can all sleep in the vanity room comfortably. Not that I would advise it cause you would have to step over them to go wash your hands or brush your teeth, but hey it can be done.Anything negative? 1) Ok I did find one noticable stain on the bed-end sofa bench. Left by a romantic couple during their intimate fun, perhaps? I don't want to know but I don't sit there anyway. 2) They do charge you for coffee in the room and there is a resort fee, but that's par for hotels 4 stars and above, so I don't count it against them. You want coffe in the room and free breakfast in the lobby? Book a two-star motel and you'll be perfectly happy. 3) The Voodoo Lounge on the rooftop was pumping out massive amount of bass that resonated through the room. I talked to the front desk about it. They could move me back to an ordinary suite on a lower floor, but I really liked our room. So we stayed up until the music stopped around 1:30am. They did give me coupons for free entry to the Voodoo Lounge (if you can't fight'em, join them), but we were too full of food and alcohol to go anywhere lol! It was a Saturday night, so you should decide if the noise was unreasonable or not. We were not exactly happy about it, but we dealt with it. Rio has a young crowd and they party down, so be prepare to join them or stay away.Overall, I like the hotel. You get a huge room for a cheap price (if you know how to hunt for the bargain), and it's centrally located. Tip: upgrade to a strip-view room for very little money. Ditto with the Samba King suites.
1	Horrible hotel, shitty casino, really bad customer service. Internet sux, tv sux, people sux. Never again will I stay at this casino.
4	I'm not a gambler a drinker, so LV is not really my kind of town, unless I'm off the strip. The Rio is just that, a little of the strip and closer to where the locals go. Upon arrival, I was upgraded to a larger suite, SWEET!!!. The room was very nice, looked clean, didn't smell of yesterdays smoke, alcohol, or any flow play. The bed was a nice comfy size, king. Not sure why the t.v. is placed on the side wall, kind of difficult to watch in bed even have to do the head crank when seated on the couch, opposite the bed. The bathroom was fairly clean. I don't understand why hotels especially of such caliber don't wash their shower curtains. Upon inspection, I opened the curtain an almost hurled because of the sour smell the curtain spewed. It was nice to see that they automatically provided those little things you tend to forget, such as toothbrush, toothpaste and shower stuff. The vanity area is a bit odd, nice that there is a single cup coffee maker, but why put it on a shelf and one has to pull out and place on the vanity counter. Couldn't they just raise the shelf above to give the coffee maker enough room to open for water and the coffee packs? I was tempted. The casino itself is like any other, noisy and people everywhere. The downside is the HVAC. It must be the original unit since every time I walked out of the casino, I smelled of stale cigarettes. Yeah, I didn't spend much time there. I did, however, spend enough time to try their Pho restaurant. I will be writing a review for this place, so I won't say much here except, that was Pho? Blah. The room was nice and the price was good, should I go back to LV, I may consider staying here again.
1	Rio's management is horrible. We were place in a suite that's above a restaurant and we can smell fry foods coming out of the  restaurant vent. The worst part is the manager doesn't think it's a big deal. All  our clothes smell like fried foods. I will never book a room at this dump again.
1	We just returned from the Rio. 12/24-12/27/13Whole family ate at the Carnival Buffet on 12/25. By midnight, I was sick, violently. Just me.Was taken out of hotel suite by security, in a wheelchair. Hospitalized for six hours. CT scan. Major narcotic needed to stop intestines from convulsing. Food poisoning. Severe dehydration.
3	This is our 10th time staying at this hotel, our second time for New Year's Eve, we usually stay here for a week during the winter, spring break or summer, because my husband is a platinum member. We have always enjoyed our stay here since my son was born. My son is now 10 and he enjoys the pretzel place and BK Burgers on the second floor. However, this hotel is showing it's age, I never really had a problem with this place, but I am slowly noticing that this place is quickly aging and it is not being kept up well. Each room has a flat screen tv and a refrigerator. There are two room towers, the Masquerade Tower is less crowded with foot traffic and closer to their large parking garage, our favorite. The Impanema Tower is the middle of the casino floor and has more foot traffic. The rooms need to be cleaned better, the towels and linens need to be seriously replaced, the restrooms need to be modernized, and the carnival buffet, well, it is not very good anymore, not worth the price. The food is cold and you can tell that there is no pride in making it. The dessert section is very limited, doesn't offer any good desserts. All their desserts taste like they have been defrosted from the refrigerator and placed on dishes. This place has potential, but it seriously needs some TLC Harrah's Corporation.
1	A senior security officer told me the hotel is not safe.  So much so, that my son was unable to walk into a snack shop to get help with a bottle top.  He wasn't "accompanied"  and the halls of the hotel are not secure enough for him to walk down the stairs on his own.  He's 13.  He wasn't anywhere near  the casino floor.   He knows to stay away from there.  Just into the snack shop at the bottom of the hotel tower elevator.  About 15 feet from the elevator.    We decided to stay some place safer the next night.  Obviously, there must be a bunch of pedophiles  lurking around because the reaction was extreme. The restriction for keeping children out of the store isn't posted anywhere.  Clearly it's not a good place for families.  We checked out in the morning and choose a friendlier environment.  Too bad, I guess that's why it's so cheap.  The rooms were ok.  But, don't plan on bringing two wifi devices.  Even after you pay a $22.00 mandatory hotel fee, they charge an extra 13.95/device for wifi access on a second device.  And the in room coffee is $8.00.
3	I read the reviews after we booked the room through a Southwest Airlines package.  I have to say that my son and I were really pleased with the room.  It was a great place to watch the bowl games with plenty of room, including a small sectional couch.  We were also happy with the meals that we had.  The fitness room was also adequate.  Overall, we are having a nice experience.  We used the shuttle to go to the strip, but I could see it being a but far if you have a need to spend a lot of time on the strip.  My only other time here was for a convention and we had lunch after.  That was also a good experience.  If you want  to drink in your room, I would recommend bringing your own stuff in from the outside.  The alcohol sold here is expensive, but not unlike other resorts.
2	The Rio is an older Las Vegas casino/hotel, and it shows it's age. Although our room itself, one of the newer Samba Suites was nice, the rest of the Rio was old, dirty, dimly lit, poorly maintained in areas, and smelled like stale cigarettes throughout. Our room featured a large living space and bedroom with a floor-to-ceiling view of the strip, which was really cool. The windows were tinted so we could leave the curtains open and enjoy the view during the daytime and nighttime. We also had a large bathroom area with tons of counter space and a shower/tub combo. The TV had a large HDTV, but the TV signal wasn't in HD... The mini-fridge was nice to have, but made a noisy, humming sound. Finally, because we were on the 34th floor, we heard some noise from the nightclub upstairs, but nothing that bad or upsetting. Overall I was happy with our room at the Rio, it was sufficient for our needs minus a few things, but the rest of the hotel was lacking. On our next trip to Las Vegas I won't be staying at the Rio. I expected more given the price, even though we did get a good deal.
3	Online booking made this hotel seem great.  However, things went downhill starting at checking.  They could not provide the room I had requested.  The room provided was an old shabby room with ripped carpet , old ugly wall paper, tiny desk.  I thought I was in a run down holiday inn.  I asked to be moved to the room I requested, front desk said a manager would call back in 10 mins.  Did not  happen.  I will see if I can change hotels tomorrow!Update:  I am bumping up to 3 stars.  While a manager never called me back, I went to the front desk and a nice gentlemen moved me to a much improved room.  King size bed, higher floor, nice view.  Just what I had originally asked for.  I will also say housekeeping service was good.  Overall, I would recommend the Rio for a future stay, just be aware this is an older hotel, and some rooms have excessive wear and tear.  On the positive side, rooms are very spacious.  It takes about 15 minutes to walk to the strip from the Rio.  Not bad.
4	I can't speak as a gambler.  But as a hotel I really like the Rio.  The rooms are spacious and comfortable.  It is off the Strip, but you can walk across the bridge or take the free shuttle to Harrah's (or Bally's), so it's not a big deal to me.And the price is usually very reasonable.  Especially given how nice the rooms are.And the buffet...the Rio buffet is one of the best.  Huge variety, generally really good food.  But that's a different review!
2	I remember staying at this hotel in 2001, and back then the rooms where old, the beds where lumpy, the air smelled smokey, and the restaurants where outdated and crappy.Fast forward 12 years later, and to my surprise, absolutely NOTHING has changed!Except the mattresses now have a good 3 inch dip in the middle of them - great for exasperating your back pain (or trying on back pain for the first time), the cigarette smoke molecules have now given birth to grand children, and the restaurants are an expensive version of your microwave foods / Denny's.God I can't wait to leave!On the positive note, my view of the city was nice.
2	Older casino, away from the heart of the strip. Smell of cigarette smoke infused into the main casino floor. Shopping area is very small compared to what you find at Caesar's or Mandalay Bay. Only thing I liked about this casino is KJ Kitchen (dim sum restaurant). With so many other casinos to choose from I would never stay at the Rio.
5	I'm not sure why the Rio is receiving such low ratings.  I stayed there on the 21st of Dec 2013 for my anniversary and it was amazing.  The staff was great.  The young lady at the front desk named Gina was really great she gave us so much information about the area and things to do other then just giving us a pamphlet and reading off of it. To be honest she was one of the highlights of our trips.  Its always nice when members of staff go out there way.  Our room was greattttttttt it came with a full vanity equipped with vanity mirror and chair to apply your makeup for the night with ease it also had a wet bar in the area and it was super clean.  We went to the buffet there and the food was good.  We also went to Michael Jackson Experience Concert and it was so fun.  So overall from Gina, to the food, Michael Jackson and our huge perfect view room we had a amazing time and whenever I visit Vegas again the Rio will be my choice of hotel.
2	Only stayed here bc of my convention was here. Would not stay again. Internet slow and unreliable, shower water luke warm with 80s shower head, air not working right and outdated rooms. Also, gave us two queens when we reserved a king. Very uncomfortable especially for the price we paid. However, hotel was beautiful in and of itself with decent restaurants and service. Unpleasant experience, to say the least.
1	Very dirty room. No entertainment just awful place to be.  KJ Chinese is great though but skip this hotel when you visit vegas
3	The Rio nickels and dimes you for everything. Bottled water 4.00, seafood buffer 50.00, 24 hour WiFi 14.00, domestic beer 6.00, etc. I would recommend staying elsewhere. There are other nice casino hotels that do not do this to their customers. The Palms for example has 15 buffet. One last note....Caesars properties only have Pepsi products!
5	We had a 4 day stay at the Rio and it was wonderful! The Penthouse is beautiful, the service was superb! All our needs were quickly taken care of!  Woot woot! We will be back!
1	This place is kinda gross. Look, I'm not a prude but I don't necessarily want to watch every single cocktail waitress walk around in a thong and I'm kind of sick of go-go dancers in teddys EVERYWHERE in this casino. The clientele are a bunch of creepy older men who stare at the dancers and waitresses while they sip their drinks- and then they try to hit on the women at the bar (my friends and me). Um NO. There is pretty much nothing redeemable about this place.No good restaurants, no entertaining shopping or shows (other than Penn and Tellar). I've had more fun at the Hooters casino than this place. At least Hooters has chicken wings!
2	The room was loaded with dust in areas not easy for housekeeping to reach, causing us some respiratory issues at night.  Traffic noise disturbed my wife.  We were charged for an upgraded room without our knowledge.  Furnishings were from 1980.  Casino reeked of cigarette smoke.  Check-in line was 45 minute wait.  Convention area was nice.
4	All the casinos are pretty much the same to me (well, OK, that's not really true, but I'm not a huge fan of any of the casinos). However, the Rio has Penn & Teller, so they get four stars.
1	Check in was ridiculously slow , and that was at 8:am in the morning when no one was in line. Our bathroom reeked of urine smell and even after more cleaning they didn't get rid of it. Also the courtesy and attention you get at most of the hotels on the strip is completely lost here. There is a free shuttle to the strip which is nice and the drivers are all cool. But this would be my worst hotel experience in Vegas and I've been here over a hundred room nights.
3	I would give 2-1/2 stars IF I could, but I can't so I won't... The wife and I take at least one trip to Vegas each year, usually much more often but this one is the first time we've hit the Rio up in at least five years or so. (The only reason we did was this was a last minute trip and there was no room availability at Paris and Planet Hollywood, our first and second choices). I have to say, my oh my how things have changed... Some for the better, some so/so, but unfortunately, more so for the worse.The better, as follows:For one, the slots seem to be much, much looser than what I remember from before. Not sure if it was just me or what, but we had never had any "reel" luck here, but we did pretty good this past visit. Because it "isn't what it used to be" (re; the bad), the casino for the most part is quite "open" and finding a machine or sitting at a table is not too difficult. It's "off-strip" so that in and of itself lends to a more "intimate" feel. The All American Grill will always serve you up a good steak and or seafood, (particularly rib eye and salmon). The Hotel provides a free shuttle if one has had a few refreshing beverages, wants to hit the strip casinos, (Harrah's properties of course), and avoid walking or cab fees. Works for me!!! All (and I do mean ALL), of the staff we interacted with, from those at the check-in desk, to food and beverage peeps, to folks working in the Sports-book were absolutely fantastic!!! The so/so:The rooms are nice and large for the most part. And while I've heard that many, many upgrades had been made, ours hadn't. BUT... And this is a big but, It was very clean, unlike other reviews I've read. The bed was very, very comfortable as well, however the TV was older and the picture was not very bright. (We had to close all the curtains during daylight hours to get a good, clear, viewable picture). That said, we don't spend too much time in the room anyways and it's not too big a deal, hence the so/so comment... Parking was fine for us, (unlike some other reviewers mentioned), but we always valet so not sure how applicable that one is. Same scenario with the pools but then how many Las Vegas pools are open in mid-January anyway??? But, our previous experiences with the pool area at the Rio have always been good, again, hence the so/so.The Bad:$20 Resort Fee... Really? We didn't use the spa, or the gym... Not even the Internet!!! Why not the Internet? Because when I DID try to connect, it freakin' wouldn't let me!!! $20 a day (actually $22.40 w/tax) is just a ripoff. And that is for one device only!!! Absolute bull$hit if you ask me... But here is the kicker (and this is what bothers me most of all)... I remember when the Rio was a fairly happening casino, with lots going on and many decent restaurants to choose from. Our daughters, (when they were young ladies), always loved the "Masquerade in the Sky" show and looked forward to "catching beads" from the performers. All of the available shop space upstairs was utilized and business was, (for lack of a better term), "booming". What we noticed this visit was much of the shop space upstairs and downstairs was now "available", because many restaurants had closed. To me, without the "Masquerade in the Sky" show, the place almost seemed like it had been put out to pasture and it was on its last leg :-(. Too, too, bad. I had always felt that the Rio was still our "fallback" hotel/casino and I'm not sure that is the case any longer.The last word:While overall, we had a great time, we couldn't help but feel kind of sorry for the Rio and reminisce of the good ol' days, when we were younger, full of energy, life and the Rio Hotel and Casino was too... Bottom line is after staying for years at some of the other Harrah's properties, if we had to "re-stay" at the Rio, would we??? The jury is still out...
3	Total Rewards: Unethical, bait and switch, double charging.Trying to cancel or change the reservation is a nightmare. The communication, on the website, email, and over the phone is vague and dishonest.  It's just bad business.  The link in the email to change or cancel doesn't work.  When we called, David (he was from Total Rewards, which is the website used by Rio to make reservations) was relentless in giving us sales pitches, trying to overcharge us.  Spent 1/2 hour on the phone arguing.  Finally, he changed the dates at a reasonable rate.  He charged an extra deposit on the card, not taking into account the original deposit.  Checked the website and there was no total for the rooms available. We called back to try and cancel the whole thing.  She said there was only the first deposit of $26.66 was charged and no record of the $39.20 that David charged.  Got the cancellation email, but no dollar amount listed that was refunded.Now we have to find out from the credit card company to find the $39.20 David charged and fight to get that back.Update:  A manager at Caesar's Entertainment was very helpful.  He clarified the information to make clear what had happened and got us a good deal on another property.  The lesson is, contact Ceasar's Entertainment directly and don't deal with Total Rewards.
2	Had an awful night at the RIO, the noisiest hotel I have stayed in Vegas so far! All the strip facing rooms are smoking so to be punished us non smokers have the back hotel rooms with views of the noisy air conditioning units. Even on the 11th floor there is a constant loud noise all night long.To make things worse staff are throwing glass bottles into the trash all night long with the trash men coming at 1am this morning. Other lorries arriving all morning.Walls are paper thin so you hear everything. My carpet was also wet with a damp smell but only realised when we arrived at midnight and was too much hassle to move .Real pity as this hotel has great sized suites and a free shuttle to the strip. But due to the noise factor I would not recommend staying here. Suggest staying East of the strip at the Westin or Hard Rock which is a similar price if you bid on Priceline.
1	Not a good experience in Vegas, thanks to the Rio. The reason we made reservations at the Rio, is because my boyfriend had a convention at this hotel.We rented a car and drove to the hotel).Right from the start we were disappointed. Unless you want to valet your car, you have to park in the parking garage on the other side of the hotel.  So checking in was a slight nightmare.  Our room was very dated. No complimentary coffee in room (bring your own k cups). We were told the k cups in the minibar are about $18. The restaurants are astronomically priced. The Americana buffet was 30+ dollars per person (for so-so food) and the seafood buffet restaurant is about $45 per person.  Normally at a casino, you would hear people yelling and cheering for their wins. The only sounds we hear are the ching-ching of the slot machines. Doesn't sound like much winning here. We just tried to valet our car tonight after a night on the strip and was told it was a 30 to 45 minute wait for valet. My boyfriend found out that we have to come to this convention yearly (to keep his credentials) and it will be held at the Rio. We don't want to spend anymore money at this hotel or casino so we will stay elsewhere, from now on.
2	Beware, it's cheap for a reason. At it's best, it mediocre, at it's worst, it's complete garbage. I've been here several times, but this will be the last.Let's start with check-in. They never have enough people at the check in desk, so enjoy a long wait. Also, if you booked a king bed, be prepared to fight for it as they never have any. They pull this:Clerk: You wanted non-smoking?Me: YesClerk: We have no more kings in non-smoking.Me: Fine, smoking then.Clerk: Oh, we actually don't have any kings in smoking either.Me: But I paid for a king suite.Clerk: Yeah, you should have been here sooner.BTW, this was 3:15, :15 after check-in times, and that was after :15 wait in line. When they pull this, if you want your room, you need to make a scene. They have the king, they just want you to take the double. If you ask for the manager and threaten to write a Yelp review with his name in it, you'll get your room. They lie.Let's talk the room itself. Think less nice hotel, and more fair motel. Dated is a word one reviewer used. I prefer the term, garage sale. The furniture kinda matches. And the art on the wall was clearly picked out, and painted by a blind personLet's talk minibar. Three dollar cans of coke no longer shock me, but three dollar cokes in the hallway vending machine kinda does. Also, cans, not bottles. One nice thing here is they have a minifridge in the room, so BYO(whatever) and save a bit. Also, beware the juice in the minibar. Check those dates on the bottle or you may have a nasty surprise like I did. Moving on the Internet: Did you enjoy browsing AOL in '96? Then you'll love browsing at the Rio! When it works. And if you call the number for assistance, be prepared for a pointless conversation with a think accented Indian named "Jeff". Tip: Use Chrome to connect initially here. Every other browser chokes on the load up page. I swear that's the only way I get it to work.No complaints about the beds, other than they could use an upgrade. Room service is not too slow, which is good, since the food is not worth the wait. The Caesar salad is about as lifeless as the man himself, and the rest of the menu is uninspired. Seriously, it's the worst room service food I've had in Vegas, keep in mind, I live here. The restaurants are sub-par at best. The All-American Bar and Grille is where the room service comes from, so eating there is like going to see a band who's CD sucked, with the added benefit of fairly rude servers. KJ Dim Sum and Seafood falls somewhere between Panda Express and PF Changs, except at higher prices and worse service. I will say this, the servers are entertaining. The "walls" in the restaurant are portable, kinda, and I watched three servers try to rearrange them. It was like an Asian episode of The Three Stooges. The walls collapsed on them twice. We'll talk gaming. I'm not a big gambler, but I'll occasionally throw $20 - $40 into a machine after dinner because I'm too dumb not to. Remember when we talked about the1996 Internet? Well that's the last time this place purchased a new machine. Those cool touch screen machines that all other casinos have? Well, they keep it old school here. Also, worst odds and tightest slots anywhere in town. Why do you think the room's are so cheap? And management: Here's the thing, I live here. So these places to me are not just vacation spots, I frequent them. So when something is not right, I'll let them know. I try to be cool about it, as I know whatever problem I'm having is not the direct fault of the person I'm speaking to. Usually what happens is a decent conversation about the problem, they comp me something small, admit they could do better in that area and we part buddies. I have never seen more apathetic management than those at the Rio. They seem like the place could burn to the ground and they wouldn't care. Seriously, everyone from the cocktail waitresses right up to the managers act like they were drafted to work here and can't wait to be released. Case in point: I called down because the Internet, that I paid for, was down. I asked to speak to a manager and after 10 minutes on hold and calling back twice, was told there was nothing they could do. That's cool, not in that the Internet was down, but I get that if it's their service provider, not much the manager can do other than call them. So the manager apologized (kinda). I asked if I could get a refund on the Internet since it's not working. He said sure and that he'll just refund my Resort Fee. That was three weeks ago, and still nothing. In short, not worth the money. It may seem cheap, but you'll end up paying more and getting less than other, nicer casinos. Hope this helps.
5	Booked a comped room through Total Rewards for a Monday night. Arrived early and changed reservation to Sunday easily and with no fee. FREE UPGRADE TO PREMIUM SUITE UPON CHECK-IN. Comped resort fee upon check-out. Because of all of the above, the Rio get 5 stars from me. Customer service and front desk staff were fantastic. Check in / out were fast because I was in the Total Rewards line.I last stayed at the Rio more than 10 years ago. I had not been there in many years, and my expectations were low, so I was pleasantly surprised. Self parking was fast and easy. The casino atmosphere was nicer than I expected. Decent shops and food options. The suite was nice and the bathroom was huge. My only critique is though the bath tub looked clean, when I filled it there were quite a few hairs visible in the water. I showered instead. A very pleasant stay. Thanks Rio.
4	Rio is a great hotel that has recently been refabbed and cheaper than hotels on the strip.  Like I said, it is off the strip, but I walked back from the stip one day and it really wasn't a long walk.  Great hotel, with cool people and decent nightspots.  Certainly not upscale, but still very nice.
4	Great rooms and service was very friendly and helpful. Easy to get to the strip from here. Dealers were friendly too.
4	We chose to stay at the Rio Hotel & Casino because it was inexpensive and we wanted to see the Penn and Teller show. We were not disappointed. My boyfriend and I checked into the Rio at 8pm on Saturday night. The self parking garage was easy to navigate and convenient. We parked on the top floor of the garage which had a beautiful view of the strip, and there were plenty of parking spaces available on a Saturday night. We waited in a very short line to check in. The front desk had us in a room with 2 queen beds and, when I stated that we had requested a king bed, they quickly switched us into a room with a king.We stayed in a deluxe room in the Ipanema tower. It was a spacious and clean room with a king bed, desk, sofa and coffee table, large flat screen TV, mini-fridge, and a private bathroom and vanity area that was nicely separated from the rest of the room. There was a Kuerig coffee machine (with coffee pods for sale in the minbar for about $3 or $4 each) and a mini bar which we never even opened. We had a tremendous view of the strip from our room overlooking the Rio pool area. The pool was closed, but it was February and most of the pools in Vegas are closed in the winter. There was a free shuttle to the strip that drops off at the Paris/Bally's or the Harrah's casinos. We waited about 10 minutes for the shuttle each way and were pleased with the service. We didn't gamble or try any of the restaurants at the Rio, although we did get coffee each morning at the Starbucks on the ground floor of our tower.The Penn and Teller show was top notch and the theater was really nice!Cons: The internet in our room was equipped with ethernet cables which we were unable to use since we had iPhone and iPad devices. There may have been wi-fi, but we couldn't seem to access or sign into it so we gave up and just used our iPhone service. There were no usb ports in the room for charging devices either, and we neglected to bring one since most of the nicer hotels have charging ports in the lamp bases, etc. The $20 resort fee seems ridiculous, but even the crappiest hotels on the strip have a "resort" fee, so we just accepted it as part of the real price of the room.Overall, we would definitely stay at the Rio hotel again. We enjoyed staying off the strip because it was easier to navigate traffic and parking, and more intimate and quieter than the strip. I hope, after reading other reviews, that our next experience here will be just as good as our first. We're not that picky, but we like things to be clean, comfortable, and convenient, and that is what the Rio provided.
4	We were in town for a wedding. Got a good deal on our room on Expedia.  The room, where dated, was huge and pretty nice.  I didn't notice a problem with the WiFi as some did, but I think the resort fee is a little high for what you get.  We went to the spa and had massages that were just OK, but the spa is nice, they have a good selection of juice, clean hot tub and steam room.  Took advantage of the spa area twice while we were there since it's included with the resort fee.  The spa attendent Collyn was super sweet and attentive and even gave me a little bag with some samples in it for my birthday along with a birthday balloon!All American Bar & Grill was pretty good in the middle of the night when we got back from gambling.  Went to Hash Hash a Go Go twice for breakfast, this was pretty good.  Voodoo Steak was delish.  There is enough to do at the Rio that we didn't even go to the Strip during the two days we were there.  Will stay here again.
5	I went to the Rio Buffet in July 2011, fresh with a buffet day pass and ready for the excess of Las Vegas. The Rio even beat the Belagio, mainly due to the options being infinite while the Belagio's quality was maintained. At the Rio, during every given moment, you can get anything you want, even when a chef is required. The buffet goes for as long as a large New York City street block. There is constant seating and you, mark my words, will pile up that plate. Going to the Rio is the perfect tribute to Las Vegas excess that earns it the "Sin City" nickname.Rio's portions and quality are to no end.
4	So far, check in line the longest I have seen at any hotel. The pool and stay was good though.
5	Stopped in for a little gambling, Voodoo Steak, and Penn & Teller = great night! The casino area and property are gorgeous yet comfortable and fun. Good ventilation in the casino, did not walk out smelling like an ashtray, hurray! Friendly helpful staff.
2	I stayed several days at the Rio for a trade show, overall it was OK to "meh".  The rooms are clean but dated, they charge you for every little thing (as does most hotels in Las Vegas), the location isn't the best (it's definitely OFF Strip).  The amenities left a lot to be desired -- the pool was being painted (even though I was there all week saw zero work being done each time I passed by), the spa isn't super impressive.  Food is just "meh," as is the super smokey casino (have you guys heard of ventilation?!).I did think the staff was just "so-so", especially the reception staff.  While checking in, I was called "sir" (ehm, ok), she apologized and said it was "habit" when greeting her guests.  Another gal said right away "Whoa, SOMEONE'S sensitive," which took me by surprise.  Suddenly, I felt like it was high school or the trailer park, couldn't figure out which one.Free valet parking (as most hotels in LV are), they charge you a "resort fee" if you want to use the pool, and internet is $13.95 per day, per device.  They nickle and dime you to death, but every hotel in LV does this, so be prepared.The perks: there's a great "Wine Cellar" wine bar downstairs that has lovely wines to choose from and a sassy older lady that'll keep you on your toes.  The Voodoo lounge on the 50th floor wasn't open, but the view was impressive and isn't for the anxiety-ridden.  Nice martini's in the Voodoo steak house.  Zero to eat if you are vegetarian.
4	The price was not bad compared to everywhere else. Visiting you a conference. Rooms are clean not amazing but nice. The suites are a fair accommodation.
1	Paid $175 for a non-smoking newly renovated Samba Suite.  The upholstery had stains, there were crumbs on the carpet and the room smelled of smoke and deodorizer.  We asked to be moved and were happy with our Samba Suite on the 37th floor until we realized we could've danced to 3am in our own room.  We were able to hear the pounding beats of the Voodoo Lounge from the 51st floor!  I believe the Rio has an obligation to make their guests aware of this significant fact.  Don't get me wrong, we enjoy a good party... Just like my sleep too!
2	Super disappointed with this property!  I think they must be experiencing some financial difficulty although their occupancy was pretty high. I was here for 5 nights from March 9th. I pulled up to the front - waited, waited, looked and looked. There was NO ONE to come get my bags or car.  Yes, it was 5:00 pm on Sunday which is one of their busiest days, but no staff to greet guests.  I went inside to check in counter and said there was no one outside, they then called the bell dept and had someone show up.  When I said I was checking in and handed them my keys they said I had to go to the valet parking spot, drove there and they said oh no, you have to park in the check in lot - which was around the building!  So far, bad impression. No longer can you pull up to a hotel to check in.  You have to park 3/4 miles away.  No doorman to greet you. I ended up carrying my own bags.Check in clerk was pleasant, but my "guaranteed" room was not available.  After asking her to check again - 3 times, finally a king bed room appeared.  I was not told a thing about the hotel, no map, nothing - just room keys. I went over to Total Rewards to get my card, and given a little more info.Room was clean, spacious and nicely decorated but smelled like bacon.  The housekeeper was super nice and called and had someone come up to spray the room, adjust the temperature in the refrigerator. They all came promptly.  I did notice each day when I returned to the room it smelled like food.  I asked the engineer who came in to adjust the brightness on the TV about it and he said I was above the ventilation fans for a restaurant below.  I was on the 9th floor. It wasn't bad or I would have asked to move. I felt there was something missing from my room - no hotel directory. I called and asked about it, front desk knew nothing about it and I never got one.  Odd, nothing which lists what is here, what hours they are open and what they offer. The internet is horrible! the connection time is around 5 minutes and I kept having to login whenever my computer went to sleep, I left with my computer and came back, or changed browsers. My biggest disapointment is the Masquerade in the Sky is NO LONGER HERE!!! That is the main reason I made my reservation here :(  Also, the buffet is very expensive.  I seem to remember $14.95 for lunch - it is now $21.95 if you are a total rewards, and dinner is $29.95.  (there is a groupon avail now for dinner,  2 for price of 1) the seafood buffet dinner is $49.95!  Good grief! The buffet looked nice, but it encourages people to eat way more than they should just to get their money's worth.  No wonder America is obese!There is a Vietnamese restaurant which wasn't too expensive, kind of fast food like , prices were around $12.95, The sports cafe was next to it with prices starting at $8.95, but you can buy a piece of pizza for $4.95.One of the best things about this place was the spa. Very nicely laid out, perfect amenities and very clean. Use is included with the day use fee. Unfortunately it closes at 7:00 PM. The fitness center is located here. My day use fee was supposed to be $22.00 but appears as $24.60 on my bill - I guess they tax it?The casino is nothing special, lots of penny slots if you like those. Smoking is allowed in this casino and very noticeable.  All in all, the best things that were here are no longer what make it the best. It is very noticeable that they have cut down on staff.  Vegas is still busy no matter when you come here, I don't get it!Pool area is nice but the hours are very limited. It closes at 6:00 PM. Not sure if they have longer hours in the spring and summer, but for March it seemed pretty limited. When I went out there none of the bars or eating places were open. again, staff cutbacks. The Starbucks in the hallway on the way to the Ipanema Tower elevators is always open and very busy! Happy hour special: from 10:00PM to 11:00 PM all pastries are $2.00! They have two Starbucks here for your coffee fix. They do have Keurig coffee makers in the rooms,  so if you have a Keurig, bring your coffee pods with you because they don't seem to be available to purchase, or they are $8.00 for 3 (supposed to be in the in-room bar, but mine didn't have any)I passed a few other restaurants that weren't open so don't know if it was the hour I went by or if they just weren't open. TV channel selection was pretty bad, very limited channels.Compared to some of the newer hotel casinos, this place isn't that big. Which can be a plus. You only have to walk 3/4 mile to get to your car instead of 1 1/2! Felt isolated from the strip - it isn't walking distance, and the shuttles they have only run every 30 minutes. I wouldn't stay here again unless I was coming to a convention in this hotel. This is part of the very large Caesar's chain which includes Paris, Harrahs, Ballys, Casears.Don't expect much in the way of customer service. The bed is comfortable but the pillows are not!
1	Feels like I got forced into a time machine and got transported back to the 80s. Casino looks really run down... Stay on the strip. Only reason we are here is cause the wife and her gf wanted to see chippendales. Lots of old timers and people that look like they have a gambling problem.
4	Another stay at Rio.  We like the place even though it's aging. Staff is first class. They really seem to work hard at customer service.WiFi: slow, included in the resort fee, but only for 1 device. Watch out if you have several phones, ipads, and computers. You'll pay $14 a day for each if you sign in thinking wifi is free. It is, for 1 device only.Parking: Always a challenge. Valet is the way to go. They get your car parked safely and retrieve it toot sweet.
2	Wow, Rio, you need to rethink your penchant for greed over experience.  I've enjoyed staying at your hotel every few years for vacation,  eating at the Voodoo Steakhouse and dancing at the Voodoo lounge.  But this past week when I went and it has been a few years, I was highly disappointed with everything that I loved about the Rio.  No Mardi Gras parade in the sky (why not?  Why get rid of something fun and can enjoy with the kids? It's bad enough the "free shows" are dwindling as it is).  the room, well, I've never stayed at the Ipanema tower, always the Masquerade tower, but geez, never again.  And then there's the whole Voodoo Lounge issue, which is a big one with me-I don't gamble in Vegas, I go clubbing because it's AWESOME!  Always enjoyed the Voodoo Lounge, inside and out, but now-NEVER AGAIN!!!!  Your greed has totally RUINED IT!  First, all the "lounging" can no longer be done, as you have cordoned off all seating booths for those only who order $600 bottle service.  My feet were killing me and I would have liked even a CHAIR to sit down at!  Then, the outside.  The place where I USED to be able to go right to the rail and enjoy the view of the strip.  Nope, now THAT'S cordoned off 10 feet from the edge on all sides with seating for those-AGAIN-ordering $600 bottle service! (by the way, only two groups actually ordered bottle service Saturday night).  So, everyone is basically corraled into a middle section, not the big dancefloor I used to remember, AND there was like, half a dozen pillar/fire heating units, so not only are you squished that you can't move, let alone dance, but now you're worried IF you move, WILL YOUR HAIR CATCH ON FIRE?!  And with my feet already hurting and I can barely see the strip now, I just left after 20 minutes, not even ordering a drink.  So, their greed is backfiring, because I wasn't the only one leaving shortly after arriving, by the way.Bummer, this was my fav hotel, but now....Luxor?  MGM Grand?  Gonna have to check these out now....bye Rio!
2	The place little outdated. The hotel is not on the strip but has some good views of the rest of the strip. They have Penn & Teller as a permanent show.
2	I went to the Rio to see Penn and Teller, who were fantastic. I wasn't initially going to review this place, but my husband and I experienced something that was so shocking that I needed to mention it.After the show, like most people who have attended an hour and a half long show, I needed to use the restroom. My husband and I were a bit turned around while looking for the tram to Harrah's in order to get back to our hotel and ended up near the lobby, and ended up deciding to use the bathrooms to the left of the front desk. My husband did his business just fine, but when I went to use the ladies' room just past the VIP lounge, the entrance to the bathroom was barricaded and a very intimidating man was standing behind the barricades with his arms crossed over his chest. I had a feeling I was not going to get to use the restroom, so I returned to the entrance to the men's room to wait for my husband. When he came out, I told him what happened and he told me that two women were in the men's room because this same man was not only belligerent, but threatened to call security on them for trying to cross the barricade.My husband and I agreed that we will probably return to see Penn and Teller, but we will not spend money at the restaurants or at the slots because of the egregious behavior of this gentlemen.
4	I just had a really nice stay here. Yes I agree that the place is starting to age and look a bit outdated compared to all the new stuff on the strip. My room or "suite", was pretty standard for a Vegas room. Not really sure what made it a suite, but for $50 hard to complain. Back in the day the Carnival buffet was the best in town, now very average if that. My positive review however is all about the people here. The front desk lady who checked me in was very pleasant. The waitresses, card dealers, floor bosses, and bartenders here are very personable and fun. Even the other players at the tables make this place a fun spot to stay and play at. All very friendly and social. Drinks are stiff and easy to get everywhere. Lots of gaming choices and space to move around although their slot machines were pretty tight. Low table limits too which is nice. Another great thing is that the place doesn't reek of cigarette smoke like a lot of other places. I would certainly come back to the Rio on my next Vegas trip.
3	We recently stayed at the Rio.  There were two major problems with our stay - there are huge check-in lines with no place to sit for us old folks and our new tower room had no hot water in the shower!  But for $136 we had a god time, bed was great, food was good but expensive and guest services were good.  Hotel is also very convenient to the freeway system.  But nit being Abe to shower was very bad, had to wash up in the sink.
1	My room had not been properly cleaned. Bathroom was dirty and someone elses clothes were hanging in th bathroom. A/C worked sometimes and sometimes it blew hot air. Everything is top dollar even the in room coffee which you have to pay for. I stay in Vegas a lot I will never stay here again
1	We went to see Penn & Teller and the Security Lead Johnny was extremely rude. He had no regard for sensibilities. Johnny rudely yelled at us that we could not bring in our drinks to the show. Then when the show was almost over we were smoking by the restroom. Johnny came over and strongly grabbed the cigarette from my girlfriends hand and put it out while rudely informing us that it was a non smoking area. Then Johnny slyly said leave now the exit is there while another security agent spoke to us about the show very courteously. He is the most rude security guard who has no clue how to handle the public. Just to be sure it was head security guard Johnny. Very rude and doesn't deserve his job.
5	so I'm staying at the rio on a business trip and I love it! It's a greatly decorated hotel and the shows they offer are amazing!The weather was nice, so going to the pool was nice as well.But what I really appreciated the most was the shoe shining booth that was there. My co workers and I decided to get our shoe shined. They use the best top of line waxes and creams that I use to use when I shined my shoes. It was very professional and I  left with my shoes looking better than when I bought them new! The name was "Goodfellows" if I remember correctly. I also saw penn and teller at the rio and I'll tell you what- not only were they good magicians but also hilarious ! Las Vegas was a pretty fun business trip I might say
4	After booking a room for my birthday celebration, I became concerned reading many of the reviews on Yelp. Much to my relief, Rio turned-out to be a wonderful place to sleep, play and watch a great show. My room, although somewhat dated, was very spacious, clean, comfortable...and the water pressure in the shower was just fine for a hotel that is required to follow stringent local regulations. I didn't smell cigarettes or any other offensive odors, and never a bug. The only loud noises I heard was the train going by a couple times a day. The room itself was great, the view wonderful. The only real complaint was housekeeping never made-up my room during my 2-day stay...but probably my fault...I stayed in bed until early afternoon after a long night of partying and gambling, and I never requested a cleaning.I think many on Yelp either expect way too much from a lower cost hotel, or just love to pick their nits. Or maybe there's another Rio Hotel Casino in Las Vegas. The one I stayed at met or exceeded my expectations for the price I paid. This isn't Caesar's people...and none of you spent dearly to stay here.Everyone on the staff I encountered, from the check-in desk, the casino staff, the servers in the restaurants, the security, to the bell desk at the end of my stay proved to be polite, friendly and efficient. No one was ever surly or rude. Not one in the bunch.The Penn and Teller Show was simply wonderful, and was even upgraded in seat selection because I went early and asked. But will review their show separately. The only slight disappointment was the Hash House a Go Go, but not enough to not recommend. Will review separately.The Rio Carnival Buffet, which was indeed huge and spectacular, seemed slightly overpriced given the Rio's location in Vegas, especially since the Gold Coast Buffet next door is half the price. I won't bother with reviewing this buffet as it's buffet food, and not much more. You get what you pay for.The pool had very restrictive hours, 9am to 6pm, and it never fit my lifestyle. I like to enjoy an early morning swim, around 6 or 7, OR a swim in the evening. I'm not a sun worshiper, and have no use for pools in the daytime. Although the pools were plentiful and beautiful, being closed when I needed them made them worthless.The lobby and casino DID smell of tobacco, more than other casino's I visited in Vegas, but by the nit-picky reviews of others, I was expecting to cut thru a fog of cigarette smoke. I never encountered that experience, and my clothes didn't smell of smoke at the end of the night. Lower priced hotels seem to attract a higher volume of smokers by sheer demographics. Wasn't too bad, but longed to return to smoke-free California.The Voodoo Lounge on the roof was another disappointment, and will review separately, but just to say that the only thing to buy a ticket for is the view. The club itself was horrible. Thank God I came on a free night.The shops were okay, but overpriced for the Rio's location. They needed a discount gift store, and I would have spent more. Spent my dough at the better priced Gold Coast hotel next door.Won't complain about the Casino, as you place your bets and takes your chances, but very stingy slots. Beware.The resort fee was steep for the lack of a resort. I couldn't use the pool, and I don't go to spas. The WIFI was indeed slow, but much better than dial-up. Some reviewers are funny, expecting lightening fast speed in a massive hotel complex.Not sure what the Rio's true market is...it desperately wants to be a luxury strip hotel, but also wants to be known for value. I used the free shuttle to Bally's a lot. Overall, if you're on a budget, or just want to spend your money on other things than lodging, the Rio Hotel Casino is a great place to stay. Don't expect the Bellagio, and you won't be disappointed. Keep expectations limited to the price you're paying, and you'll be rewarded with a wonderful stay. I highly recommend the Rio.
1	Worst experience, you have to either blind or broke to stay here. Room was dated in early. 80's furniture, drapery,and carpeting .the wall paper was peeling the ceiling had major visible cracks. The room smelled like animals were living there. Stay away!!!!!!!
1	terrible terrible old ran down hotel!! there was an old moldy banana in our room and from a distance it looked like a mouse... ew!!!! cleaning ladies don't know how to clean... okay so that was fixed they came and cleaned it up and brought champagne and strawberries because the were "fully booked" and couldn't switch our rooms. that was okay. the next day saturday my family took a trip to the baker to vegas run. it was awesome well mean while i was in the pool and room, calling my local friends to meet up with them. keep in mind i was using the hotel room phone... (not knowing i was going to be charged almost $300 dollars) saturday night my family returns and were hanging out in the room when we come across another old moldy banana! like really??? can they clean up?? the shower handle broke off while taking a shower that night as well. (dangerous) sunday! we head to the desk to check out and pay for the 2 nights we stayed.... then a random amount of $700 dollars was charged.... the few phone calls i made were almost $300 dollars! wow! cheap hotel, every other place ive stayed i was never charged for my phone calls. long distance or not. and then there was about 4 to 5 hundred dollars charged for miscellaneous bullshit. if i can give this place no stars i would... cheap old ran down hotel needs to close down... they don't even have the show with the marti gras girls anymore.... that's what they were known for... now i know them as the worst hotel i've ever stayed at.  never again...
3	Solid value with huge rooms, a nice uncrowded casino and a great pool. Look its a b string hotel Off the strip but close with easy parking. Good shows, clean and a friendly crowd. Overall if you wait too long to make reservations, this is a decent option
4	Booked a room for $40 a night and was amazed how cheap. The resort fee was kind of lame, but it's where I needed to be. The room is huge and amazing. Little bit of a pain in the ass to get to because of the casino maze. Only real complaint is the vending machine for a soda or water was $5. Uh why?
1	Got kicked out of a casino even when you're over 21! I was sitting with younger relatives, waiting for the rest of our party to be done at the buffet. A worker asked where are parents were; mind you, I am capable to go places without my parents and this worker thought I still needed my parents. This worker continued to tell us we couldn't be on the gaming floor--when we were no where near the gaming floor, or near any slot machine! So embarrassed by this sad establishment. This is clearly a station casino that wishes it were elaborate like the rest of the hotels on the strip. I've never had this happen to me once--not even when I was under 21! Stayed in their rooms once and they are so gross.
2	My wife and 3 of our children decided to celebrate my birthday in Las Vegas!We rented Four (4) rooms!I usually try to keep up with my work using my Lap Top!To accomplish this I must use the Internet!The WiFi at the RIO is so slow it was impossible for me to conclude any work!The cost of the WiFi use is included in the resort fee, of $22.00 plus tax!But only for 1 device. Watch out if you have several phones, ipads, and computers. It is, for 1 device only!  I asked if I could use the Business office or another office and they are all the same!I felt ripped off and will never stay at the RIO again!E WoodBellevue Washington
4	I came in yesterday I booked in from hotels for tonight  the line to check in took a while but for some reason the guy gave me an upgrade and gave me an amazing room  with a  nice view on the highest floor
3	One of the older casinos located off the strip but within a 15 minute walking distance from Las Vegas blvd. Since it is one of the older ones, it doesn't have the amazing ventilation system that the new casinos have. So, you will end up smelling like cigarette smoke when you leave. There also seems to be an older crowd filing the casino from my observations. The rooms are actually pretty nice. Nice, modern and very clean. My favorite was the mini Keurig coffee maker in the bathroom. Nice touch. Don't forget to join their rewards program for $ off your bill at restaurants and to earn points while gambling towards comp rooms and other perks!!P.S. The Penn & Teller show is worth seeing!
2	I brought my family here to spend a couple nights to get away. I had seen the photos on the Rio's website of the rooms they have and chose my room based largely on the "remodeled" nature of the rooms. Our room's "remodel" consisted apparently of new bedding and a new tv. Weird wicker furniture is the rest and it doesn't seem all that impressive or comfortable.The TV is placed on a cabinet in the MIDDLE of the windows! My room is a pool view but you can't see out the windows because of the TV and cabinet...Worse still overall is the lameness of the pool hours. The pool closes at 6pm. When checkin isn't until 4pm, and there's a line a mile long to checkin, by the time you get to your room and get ready to swim, the pool is closed. Very disappointed children.As expected the food here is over-priced, but at least decent quality.Just a warning too for others traveling with children or non-romantically linked people.... I'm not sure if this is how it is in all rooms, but there's a WINDOW from the shower into the main part of our room. Not frosted. Not mirrored. Just an open creepy hole in the wall with a piece of glass.
4	My girlfriend is a high roller so we get free rooms at Ceasars, Ballys, Planet Hollywood, and several other hotels including Rio.  Of course I would prefer Ceasars or Planet Hollywood, but I really like Rio, they have real nice pools and restaurants.  As far as gambling I fell most casinos are pretty much alike.  Yeah the rooms are dated but if you can get a cheap room I don't think you will be disappointed.  They have shuttles to the strip that are very convenient too.
4	we went to rio and stayed there in march the hotels were a good size and fairly clean and a very good price. their seafood buffet was great ! the problem was the valet put a good size smudge on the bumper of the car .it took the valet a while to bring the car up . we did not make a big deal about it at the time seeing that it was a rental and we bought full coverage for the car. it had one of those rear view screens . maybe that was what confused the valet so be careful if you valet there.
2	I attended a great event at the Rio in one of their ballrooms last weekend. A fun time was had by all. Great music with a live band followed by a DJ. Dancing, partying staying much later than planned. Only 2 stars I did not feel the food was up to par. I have eaten at other Rio restaurants and had better. The wait staff was neutral. No complaints but definitely not memorable. I will come back for the event hopefully it would be better food experience.
3	Some family came to town to celebrate a birthday so we decided to stay here since we hadn't before and could get such a great deal on hotels.com. I have mixed emotions with this place so here it is -Pros:  Got a pretty nice room for only $30. Room was clean and spacious. There's a Starbucks right outside the elevators. Staff is friendly.Cons:  Bed and pillows are so uncomfortable I had trouble sleeping and woke up sore. The air conditioner doesn't work very well because we turned the thermostat down to 66 and it still was warm in the room. We have to pay a resort fee and yet we don't get wifi. The give us a keurig coffee maker but no coffee. Called the front desk and was told we have to buy coffee from the mini bar. Would we stay here again? I think if we were on a tight budget and couldn't afford something else then we would. At least it's clean. Note to self for future visits...... bring my own pillow!
4	We found the accommodations to be very nice.  We loved the buffet.  It has a great casino with machines we didn't find anywhere else!! The spa was great too.  Would come back!
3	We didn't stay here but came here for a uh...show and we had a good time!  Rio is where the regular normal people come - no crazy outlandish outfits.  People are regular people who want to play and have fun - I can respect that!  We had a good time and caught a cab quite easily at the front.  They also have these frozen alcoholic drinks at the front of the hotel that you can get served in a cup that changes color when cold drinks are poured in them - my friends enjoyed these and took the cups home as gifts.
4	For $49 a night, this place was a steal! I was in town last week for the Megadeth/Motorhead concert down the street at the Palms. Seeing as I didn't wanna drive too far or take a cab to the show, I decided to book at the Rio. I had previously stayed a couple of times before and had pretty good experiences. The room may have felt just a tad bit outdated, but it was still a great deal considering how much I was paying.Pros:- Very spacious and clean room, even if just a bit outdated.- Front desk was very nice and courteous, both during check in and check out.- Friendly staff.- Hotel is right next to I-15, so there's easy highway access.- Complimentary shuttles to the strip.Cons:- Not too great of a dining selection. You're probably better off finding mom and pop restaurants down the street.- Off of the strip. This normally means you'll run into some sketchy individuals and some scary areas.- $20+ charge for checking-in early.
1	I was very disappointed in my last visit to the Rio. My prior experiences there were 10+ years ago, and things have really gone down hill.  First of all the $60 resort fee, on top of the room rate was a bit excessive....and what do you get?  2 passes to the gym and free Wi-Fi for 1 device?  Unfortunately we couldn't opt out.  We brought our own wine to the hotel, and when we got the room we called down for wine glasses and a cork screw.  We were charge $3 for each of these items.  It seemed ridiculous signing the room service tab for 2 empty glasses and a tool.  The next morning we looked high and low for the coffee to put into the coffee machine that one expects in any hotel.  When we checked the mini bar we found that the coffee was $8 for the equivalent of 3 cups of coffee?  What was I supposed to do, arm wrestle my wife for the last cup?  Could you at least make it big enough for 4.  And again, WHAT was I getting for my $60 resort fee??The safe in our room didn't work.  When do you realize this, when you are headed out for the night.  We called and they said they could have someone there in 20 minutes, and that we had to be in the room.  We waited 30 before calling them back and saying never mind.  On to the pool area the next day.  One of the hot tubs was closed and they only other one had so much filth and grime and crumbling tile that we just couldn't stomach it.  (It sort of looked like the track on the sliding shower doors in our room....we just couldn't escape it!)  Also, my wife was treated quite disrespectfully by the people in the booth handing out the beach towels. We will not be coming back.  Such a shame.
3	I've been a fan of the Rio in the past, but hadn't stayed here in a while.  On our last trip, we were a bit disappointed by a few things.First, the mini bar and coffee hadn't been restocked.  There was NO coffee at all in the room, and the mini bar was over half emptied.  And if there had been coffee, it was going to cost a ridiculous $8 for three pods.Otherwise it's pretty good for an older hotel.  The room wasn't perfect but it was in reasonable condition for the age.  The bathrooms are pretty nice and roomy, as is the entire room.  I like the space a lot so you don't feel closed in like most rooms.  Price was in the middle range.
1	We're here because of a convention. First bad thing is the location. It's far away from everything else that is fun. We walked back from the Strip and it's a full mile of rather dangerous and unpleasant walk on a sidewalk that smells of sewage next to speeding cars and a walking bridge that is befitting of a ghetto.The novice black jack dealer was a little cute and mildly entertaining. She almost gave us push on a lost hand which the whole table laughed about.In the morning it took 7 minutes for a hostess to acknowledge us in line to be seated at the half empty breakfast restaurant. We weren't allowed to bring coffee from their own restaurant to the pool area. Some guy didn't like us moving poolside chairs into a shade.It's not one thing, but a collage of a bunch of wrong things that paints an ugly picture for this resort. We won't be back.
2	It's been a few years since we've stayed at the Rio.  The MU received an offer for three nights/$375 in slot play so we decided to give it another shot.The rooms are called "suites" since they include a sofa, coffee table and a chair.  Our room had seen much better days.  The carpet was frayed, the furniture was saggy, dirty and old, one of the sinks barely drained, there were strange stains on the ceiling and the mini bar fridge wasn't cold.  The view of the strip was fantastic, however.We called down to housekeeping to complain about the warm mini bar.  No one ever showed up to fix it.  We requested extra pillows since the ones they provide are more suited for children than adults.  They would only bring us two.I've never enjoyed gambling at the Rio.  Fortunately, we spent very little time in their casino and didn't waste our money.  The rooms are in desperate need of renovation or a thorough cleaning.  I did not want to walk on the carpet in bare feet for fear of catching some type of lethal foot fungus.
4	While I loved the past 3 stays at The Rio, last week was worse than I could have ever expected as.We were there 4/23 - 4/27 and I was so disappointed. The bench at the end if the bed was filthy. And shame on me for not getting a picture of it. I did get a pic of the sink missing a stopper and I was terrified that my rings would slip down in there.  Also, the room door would not automatically close. The second night, security woke us up around 5 am to make sure we were ok cause the door was open. Imagine what could have happened!!!  I know it's an older hotel but they seriously need to invest in upkeep!
4	I was very happy staying here. They took care of every need. The pool was great as well as the service. Skip the buffet, they need one or two more restaurants here and perfecto!
4	I stayed at the Rio for the first time this past weekend and my boys and I had a great time.  We went to the pool party and kicked it under the water fountain macking chicks and straight up got rad as fuck for 3 days.  It was clean. The service was great and the room was impressive. It was tidy, spacious and the bed was comfortable for the 3 hours total that I slept.I would definitely come back to get rad and party like chow again.Thanks for a great stay Rio.
4	I have stayed here 3 times now and I love the Rio! My husband and I booked a room for a 5 day stay and we were very happy with our experience. Rooms are spacious, clean, and well furnished. We had a great view of the pool and the strip which made things even better. The hotel as a whole is great, the only reason why I feel it is 4 stars and not 5  is because the food selection is very slim. There is only 1 real "fast food" place (BK Bar- which is terrible!) and the Sports Deli is next in line for a quick bite (I only had a pizza slice there- it was okay). Everything else there is a sit down meal or the buffet. I think this hotel would do well with some sort of food court. The best food we had during our stay would definitely have to be Carnival World buffet. We will definitely be staying here during our next trip. I love that this hotel is close to the strip but far enough away to where you are away from all the craziness. Shuttle service is great as well- 10am-1am every 30 mins drop off/pick up at Harrah's or Bally's.
2	The only reason we come here is for the room price -- less than $25/night, including wifi. The rooms are spacious, but the carpet needs to be stretched.  Better, it needs to be replaced.  There are no night lights, so a midnight trip to the bathroom can be tricky.  If you leave the bathroom light on, it shines through the window onto the bed.  The grout on the shower tiles need to be cleaned or replaced because of mold.  The coffee should be free, but it's not.  Rather, it's expensive!  The automatic door from the parking garage into the casino is broken, as it only opens one set of the double doors, making handicap access difficult, if no dangerous.  The bed was comfortable.  The Vietnamese restaurant is good, but expensive -- especially without table service!  Penn and Teller happened to be on vacation when we were there, and I had really wanted to see them.  Generally, we eat and play elsewhere -- and there was no show in the casino, as they used to.
2	my husband and I stayed at the rio over the past few days and it is one hotel that we will not be returning to, First off we check in and they ask one bed or two I said 1 and when we got there we had 2 beds, whatever. The toliet was acting up the whole time we were there and the shower had no pressure. There was a mini bar there but we didnt realize that once you picked something up you were automatically charged and they provided a keurig machine but did not provide coffee, you had to go down to their convenience store and buy some. My husband tried connecting to wifi on his phone and they wanted to charge 13 dollars to use it. The air conditioner sucked too, I was sweating every night unless i slept at the foot of my bed. I was excited for the pool but when we got there right when it opened the sand on the beach was filthy i was disgusted. We tried the sand pool and it was extremely cold, not enjoyable at all. We tried the "jacuzzi" the 1st was out of order, the 2nd was cold and the third was lukewarm. We tried the fish pool they had it was like a pool you would see at your neighbor's house, nothing special. I was also excited for the buffet  we went right when it opened, some food looked like it was sitting over night. We also took the shuttle to and from harrahs, it was a time sucker, not convenient at all.
1	Worst hotel I ever stayed at in LV. Not very clean, rooftop music going until 2 or 3 am, got a sewer smell several times, parking garage was filthy, could hear tv, conversations, and other stuff from neighboring rooms. Check in took 45 mins (line got even longer, friends took 1.5 hrs!)... less than half the computer stations had a staff person. Had to pay for wifi (even Motel 6 offers free wifi). Food overly priced and not that good. Slots were extremely tight. Moved to another hotel.
1	Overall it was OK but really dislike no free coffee in the rooms. I accept paying $5 for a Pepsi from the vending machine but how cheap do you have to be to not have coffee free to your guests in the room. Little thing but with so many choices I will never stay here again.
4	The Rio is not a bad hotel however, they could definitely use some upgrades. My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 days back in March of 2014 for pretty much free since he had racked up $400 worth of points to use for Las Vegas from one of his credit cards. One of those really nice perks. He was able to get this great package deal from a Christmas/Holiday Special Vegas was running back in late 2013. When he called back in February to check on the hotel to see if everything was still good, I believe it was stated to him that the deal could only be used in the month of February. He explained to customer service that he was never told that and booked the room for March. When we arrived to check in, we were told we were upgraded to I believe the Master Queen Suite after realizing there was a mistake on their end and which is how we got the free room upgrade, free internet and $35 room service voucher. GREAT perks! We would have been upgraded to the King Suite but they were all booked. The room had double beds and was huge! We had so much space to lay out our belongings. The place was very clean. The room had a TV, area for lounging, a huge vanity mirror, two sinks, spacious bathroom with a tub/shower and granite counter space. Also, there was a large closet, more than enough drawers, small fridge, Keurig and a safe. Everything you need for a hotel stay. We had a FANTASTIC view of The Strip. We could see all of Vegas. Our room was high up and located on the side of the highway. The view itself sold me. At night, it was a site to see.We ordered from room service which was very expensive. We shared some fries and chicken strips and had two drinks. It was over $30. Again, because we had so many points stocked up, it was essentially free. Also, we used the $35 room service voucher we were given as an upgrade. When we needed towels, we called down and they were sent up immediately. It was unfortunate we couldn't utilize the pool more but it was OK. The Casino was paying off very well. in total, my BF and I won $1500 our time there. Also, they have the Voodoo Lounge on the rooftop. WOW! The view is breathtaking. I was however bothered by the fact that if you wanted to sit on lounge chairs/couches that were by the window, you had to buy a bottle of wine. I think that is was crappy. You already had to pay to get into the club and then you're told if you want to enjoy the view of indoor seating, you had to pay an additional charge. That was crappy but at least the drinks were decent. Where there was room for improvement was the carpet. It's old and outdated. Also, the toilets are VERY loud when they flush. I am not sure if this is due to piping or what but it was noisy. Overall, I really enjoyed my visit. It could certainly be because we practically stayed there for free but even if we did pay, I cannot say I complained much if at all with the hotel other than the smoke ( which really can't be controlled).
2	This place is great if you have no problems.  problem one, the batter of the door key pad died.  Went abck and forth thinking i was the one that de magnitized the card.  After the fourth trip up and down, stated the i thought it might be the door so was told I would be greated by security.  The security gaurd (wish I remember his name but he is from Hawaii and really a very nice gentelman), meet us at our room.  Used he key and said...yup it is the battery so he called down.  I knew it was the batter being that there were no lights when i put my key card in the slot.  The "lock smith" showed up 25 minutes later.  So me and my friend had a very nice chat with the security gaurd about how he goes and visits home about once a year, blah blah blah, lol.the lock smith should have come with the security gaurd...to not have their guest waitingproblem two, i called for a wake up call at 445 am as might flight was at 7 am (stupid i know, but then again, missed all the security lines).  At 330 my friend came back (his flight was at 2 so he was still rocking the vegas night).  He being drunk, woke me up and thus i called to cancel the wake up call and reset one for 1030.  The operated cursed and said the computer was broken/down and nothing she could do.  I asked they she write it down and that when it was abl eto be done to make ti happen.  she said she "can not promise" that being done.  The greatest part of the weekend were the card dealers and pit bosses.  They scrambled to make everything right.  Boun (sorry if i butchered your name) made my trip so much better.  thank you for make me laugh really hard before my flight left.  until next time. this from the guy with one piece of glitter on his face...not sure i will ever stay here again but if they make some customer service changes, would really like too.oh and $125 per person for a cabana is insane.
1	DISGUSTING. this hotel is sorry excuse for a good clean time in Vegas. As a Vegas regular I try to change up staying places but my heart stays at the MGM and Mandalay bay but after receiving total rewards discounts for the rio I decided too try it out the newly "remolded" rooms were nothing more then trash it looks like a blind person decorated and the pool was Fing gross hair band aids and sludge can be found in the jacuzzi and middle heated pool  checking out I happened to leave my swimsuit on the bank of the door Handel I called within the hour of leaving it thinking the maid would have turned it in to later find out no such was turned up. This hotel is gross no remolded and obviously they hire thives.
2	I am really disappointed. My first time starting at the Rio and it is so run down.We get to the room and the first thing I notice is duct tape holding the carpet down. So then get comfortable and take my shoes off and the carpet was wet everywhere. I wondered if they just shampooed a crime scene or something.The beds are made so badly the sheets do not look pulled straight or tight. The good thing is they are not like sleeping on the floor or a sheet of plywood.
1	Where do I even begin? For starters, this was my second time in Vegas and after staying at The Palms and having such a great experience, I expected about the same from The Rio. When me and my girlfriend checked in, we were offered an upgrade if we wanted to pay extra so we took it hoping to enhance our experience. When we got up to the room, I could have thought it was a joke. It was one of the ugliest rooms I had ever seen. It did not look like a classy hotel as they make it out to be at all. They told us it had just been renovated, yet the furniture was old, stained, chipped. There was poop on our windows and they were so dirty we could hardly see the view. It was not very clean and it smelled of smoke even though we requested non-smoking. After complaining, the only thing they offered us was a DOWNGRADE. How is that any better? After some pushing the subject, they allowed us to switch rooms, but even though this one didn't smell as bad, it was still not very nice or clean. In addition, the shower pressure practically rips your skin off, you can hear the pounding music at night from the club above, the walls are paper thin, they have poor customer service and somewhat rude staff. The maid service was also poor. I left a good tip and all she did was make the bed. Two separate times, she came in before knocking and one of the times I was naked. She proceeded to then walk into the room (after saying hi) an then check something in the mini fridge and then left. I couldn't believe it! And after we complained, the staff just looked at us like we were being divas. The only good thing I can say about this place is the pool is nice and the restaurant, Hash House A Go-Go was great.I will be coming back to Vegas, but I would not waste a dime to stay here. Don't expect a nice hotel. Its more like a motel with poor customer service.
2	I stayed 2 days for a conference.Rio isn't horrible, but after staying at hotels on the strip I feel like Rio's heyday was in the 80's. This is what you have to expect from some of the hotels off the strip.My room happened to be right above a kitchen on a high floor. I was able to smell food in my room during the night. The rooms are spacious. The hotel itself is old-school and is in need of an upgrade.I came here on a different conference visit just to eat because a colleague swore by the buffett, but the buffett was just as good as any other casino buffett IMO.The other restaurants in the hotel were just okay. There's a burger king available as well if you feel like saving some dough.Rio isn't a bad choice if you are getting a REALLY good deal...especially if you are going to spend most of your time outside of the hotel.
4	With all the new casinos popping up on the strip, not many people want to stay at the older casinos like Stratosphere, Palms, Circus, and Rio. Rio is pretty old & is off the strip, but their suite rooms are a lot cleaner than I expected. For the price you'd pay at Luxor, you can get a way bigger room at Rio w/ a free fridge inside for use! Hooray for no more filling the bathtubs up w/ ice to keep the drinks & alcohol cold lol. Plus the fridge helps when you've got ton of leftover food or need to keep snacks cold.The pool area is really nice (there's about 5-6 different pools?), but the jacuzzi is small and is sort of unappealing after seeing it be crowded w/ a bunch of fat hairy men. They've also got a kid pool area w/ beach sand on it (no, sorry it doesn't look as nice as Mandalay Bay w/ their  man made beach wave pool).The only con about the rooms here though is that there's a random circular window that shows the head of the person taking a shower. The suites have such a huge amount of space you can easily fit 10 people in it. Sofa is comfy enough to sleep in and the beds weren't too bad either. Their room service and customer service were really top notch for an old casino. If you're too lazy to drive, they have the monorail that takes you back to the strip. Overall not bad if you wanna get away from the crowds on the strip.
3	Okay, so I got a free room offer as a total rewards member.  So free offer you can't refuse from Las Vegas right.  So here is my review and experience at the Rio:Goods:*  Rooms are very nice and comfortable.*  Casino has a big variety of gaming options.*  Very nice spa and the service in the spa is A+Bads:*  Maid service ignored my service request when I called for room cleaning at around 3 p.m., came back at 2 a.m. and room was still not cleaned.  Had to wait 45 minutes for them to bring me towels since I was checking out early the next morning. * Night club located on the top floor of the rooms,  heard the bass late at night from the music* Pool bass was loud and couldn't enjoy the movie in my room during the day.
4	So far my experience has been welcoming and my room rocks it's very nice and cleAn and may I add modern ! Love it
3	I stayed in a suite here. The suite was huge and ran almost the length of the building. The one thing I noticed is that the room showed its age. It was a good experience none the less. check out the buffet while you're there. The pool area was pretty tropical and above average!
5	Best roof top in Vegas!!!Amazing rooms ,big, cleaning, beautiful view, spacious bathroom and complementary coffee and the.Superb swimming pool.
3	Great price for a suite which includes bed and sitting area, a couch and a very large vanity that most ladies will love! The room itself was great! Very spacious. Perhaps the furniture is a little old or scuffed here and there but definitely not a deal breaker.My only complaint with the room we had was that the plumbing was very old. When you washed your hands in the bathroom sink, it would make some weird back up noise in the vanity sink outside the bathroom. Again, not really a deal breaker, just annoying. And please management, please update your shower heads!!! They are so dated and old and don't even spray properly. Living with that for 4 nights made me come home and analyze my own shower situation. Hub and I replaced our own shower head the next day.:  )It's not as exciting as the hotels on the strip but it does the job. There are a  few restaurants and a Starbucks even. And the main gift shop seems to be open 24 hours but not positive on that. It's great for your morning Tylenol or to get a quick snack. I think I would come back to this hotel. It was a great deal and didn't make me feel dirty.
3	The Rio is a relatively nice place. It's comfortable, and the property is large with good amenities. Pool area is good. Staff is friendly. Why 3 stars?? Although the property is nice, there are some repair needs that seem to be blatantly avoided. Management should step up and put in some repairs and updates to make this place competitive with the newer hotels.
5	This review is specifically for the graveyard craps dealer team:  Joe C, Jeff K, Jon H., Hee Chi, and Mike Angelo.  We are regular craps players, living locally in Henderson.  We have played almost everywhere.  This particular team of dealers was by far the best group we have ever come across.  They work together seamlessly efficient, while maintaining an approachable, yet professional atmosphere.  They were welcoming and pleasant.  The thing that stood out the most for us was their  comradery and supportive team dynamic.  This, we have seen nowhere else.  Thank you, guys for a great experience. We will be back.
1	We came to Vegas for a bowling tournament and we stayed at the rio for the first time and it was horrible! The room that we had smelled like smoked BBQ, I called guest services and they sent someone to ionized the room so it would not smell anymore. They asked us to  leave the room and return in two to three hours. So we did and when we came back it still smelled like smoked. I called them again and informed them that the room still smelled like smoke and they said they couldn't do anything else about it and they did not have any other rooms available. Which was fine and I totally understood. The bad part about this is that since it still smelled like smoke it triggered my asthma at night making it hard for me to sleep. So the day of check out I talk to the manager about the situation and he was so rude and he couldn't offer us anything to make up for our stay at the rio. The best thing he was able to do was not charge us for the resort fee. I felt like the manager did not try his best to help his customers. Honestly I don't think I will stay here again. I usually do not bad reviews but I was very disappointed at my stay here.
1	On 2/22 we had a company retreat in Rio.  We have reserved 16 rooms and checked in all at the same time, paid all by a company credit card.  There were not only room charges but also other charges like ball room, meeting equipment, beverage, and so on.  While believing we have paid for everything, today 6/6 I received this collection call from a collection agent.  His name is Nelson.  He said that it is reported to credit agency that $72.00 was unpaid.  All the 16 rooms and all the expenses, thousands of dollars were paid, and $72.00 was unpaid???I paid for it.  Then I called in to the billing department trying to figure out how the mistake happened and trying to find a way to remove it from my record.  The lady in billing department was very rude and talked like I am someone trying to steal their money.  She totally ignore the fact (and refuse to check) we have already paid 15 other rooms with one credit card and all 16 rooms were checked in and out together.  Rio made a mistake and send me to collection without at least trying to inform me.  That event cost $5,000 and were all paid for.  I don't understand why Rio believes that I am not paying $72.00 but have paid all the other rooms and expenses.This is a bad experience.  If you go to Rio please make sure you get your "Paid" invoice after you check out.  That part was my mistake to trust RIO.
4	I actually could care less that it off the strip. I love the pizza there, the pools, and the assistance you get when needed. Only down side is the rooms are dated. The beds are super comfy though and the rooms larger than most.Truly would stay here again. Maybe a suit next time for the upgrades?ThanksJenny
2	Clean room in newer tower but no coffee for the in-room coffee machine. I called housekeeping and they said we have to pay for it. Rio wins as the first hotel I have ever stayed at that does not offer complementary coffee. Sham on them!
3	All rooms are mini suites or larger, comes with a reefer and room safe....We used to get comp rooms with slot machine play... yea it's still a comp room but you have to pay a $20. resort fee plus tax... per day.  still a great deal but other casinos don't charge a resort fee if you get a comp. room.  I needed wheel chair on my last trip, it's not free they charge you daily,  the only good thing is you can take it with you vs. the other casinos will let it to you for free but it can't leave the property.
1	I play slots at the Rio the service gets worse ever time Im there!There is service from the cocktail servers in the afternoon. the employees rather visit with each other than take care of the guest. I played for two hours never got offered one water! Theres no excuse for this neglect.The severn star guests playing next to me weren't happy either!
1	So we picked the Rio to try because the pictures of the pool looked awesome.   When we got there I was pretty happy with the room and casino, we went out to the pool and they have 4 total, 1 adult only that is closed except on the weekends.   We bought a football and everyone had an ok time.   When the adult pool finally opened we were all excited, dj, good music, we were throwing the football around and probably 15 people we didn't know all joined in.   That's when the problems began,  there was a lady who was probably in her 60s got mad, the football didn't go near her, but she wanted to lay on her noodle in the middle of the pool and us having fun bothered her, so the lifeguard was cool and Told us just to try and keep it on half of the pool and her to stay  on the other side. She got mad they didn't make us stop and got out.   Well more and more people joined in, about 20 people having fun just throwing a ball around,  someone new threw the ball across the other side of the pool cause he didn't know we weren't supposed to, so the lady gets back in the pool and lays directly in the middle of our side where we are throwing the ball.  Someone throws it and it lands next to her, she gets pissed and starts yelling, the manager comes over and tells us, this is our last warning, my.friend goes to get the ball and the lady grabs his arm and starts screaming at him!!! So he gets the ball and starts to get out, the manager comes back over and tells him they are Gunna kick is out, huh????? Im sorry I don't think.We are the ones who grabbed anyone.   We watched about 15 people  leave the pool after that,  dead, nothing fun going on.  I wouldn't ever stay here again.  As a business why would you not want people having fun, drinking, not causing any issues, isn't that exactly what you.should want? Instead u allow someone to grab another person and threaten to kick the person who got grabbed out? Go to flamingo, great pool and they like their guests to have fun
5	I love this place. I was a member here in 1993 when it only had one tower and was a small gem if a place. We recently came back in 2012 and come regularly now. This is a great place, all the food in here is great. Sportsbook is nice and the casino is nice. My wife and I are reminded of our younger days here and it's so fun. I don't know why it is rated at 3 stars. Come on out an enjoy.
1	Terrible registration service right. 25 guests and only 3 staffers. Manager was no help in speeding line
3	We choose this hotel primarily because of the location and the fact that they are pet friendly for an additional $75. They must designate a floor to travels with pets, because we noticed quite a few other pups on the same floor as us...which is understandable and good. But the moment we walked I to our room, there was a potent smell of urine. You eventually get used to the smell but definitely not what you'd expect walking in. They do have a couple designated areas for the pups but kind of hard to get to. There is one next to the Indian restaurant...just follow the paw prints. And the other one is through the front of the hotel. Our room didn't have any trash cans or a coffee maker. They did have a one cup coffee maker-Kerigue(sp?) but no free coffee cups. However they did have coffee cups in the mini bar, that was impossible to get into. Another odd thing about the room we stayed in was, a see through glass from the shower/bath into the room. For a second, I thought I was in a love motel in Korea, since it's common there, but not for a room with two queen beds. Overall it was okay. The great thing about this hotel is it can be cheaper but it has the free shuttle to and from the strip and it has an easy exit and entrance to the freeway. FYI- if you book through hotels.com, just be aware that they tack on a resort fee that allows you to use the gym and spa (not full services). The spa itself was nice and have a jacuzzi, steam room and sauna. They also have full spa services that I didn't utilize.
1	Very disappointed. Won't stay here again. Stayed here only for WSOP. Front desk service slow. No coffee in room. Room stunk. Key did not work twice on different days. Filthy head boards. Old pillows. Waited 20 minutes for valet, so we self parked. When we returned to our car, we found a major dent in the door.
3	I didn't stay at this hotel but my brother, his wife and kids did. The suite they stayed in was pretty nice. Pretty spacious, clean and comfy with a nice view of the pool area. The pool area was also another nice thing about this hotel - they have four big ones - one was even heated and a couple of hot tubs. My brother and I tried out their new Zipline - it was fun but not intense and I guess a little expensive for a minute ride but it did give you a nice view.This is a pretty nice hotel - fair price and I would considering staying here next time.
2	I stayed here for 2 nights, nice and spacious hotel lots of activity here. The pool is awesome , sports book deli is the best, but its the little things that I didn't like. No free coffee in rooms ! Oh yeah if you book smoking rooms , you'll also be lumped in with dog friendly. Sooo get ready for dogs to be barking or whining while their owners are gambling or have just left them in the room for hours at a time.
4	I don't know if I will ever stay on-strip again! Normally I stay at the excalibur, and with the resort fee I end up paying the same amount as I paid for an ENORMOUS SUITE at this Hotel! I was extremely impressed by how comfortable the bed was. It was also very close to the Strip, and with the shuttle there was practically no difference. My only grip was the fact that the Shuttle only ran until about 10pm, which isn't really conducive to going out and having fun in Las Vegas. Otherwise, I would probably go here again!
1	This place is the most dishonest casino I've ever stayed in my 20 years going to Las Vegas I request the rooms non-smoking and guess what we get a smoking room begin to complain downstairs to a manager  she told us that they will spray my room with chemicals and they will not change my room because they don't have any rooms available we have to stay away for 3 hours , when we came back is still smell like a  dead skunk this is not The same Rio that was 10 years ago, now they charge $11  for Reservation plus &25 per day for I don't know what  will never go back to this place there costumer service not exist zero totally agree with previous reviewer Gevorg exactly same thing happened to us
1	They have so many bogus fees that are ridiculous plus they have the oldest slots I've ever seen. Pass this place up
4	I'm a Total Rewards member and somehow wound up getting comped for two nights here. I was in a 17th-floor suite in the Masquerade Tower, and the room was very nice, complete with a view of several casinos on the Strip. There were a few minor issues, namely a couple spots of paint in weird places, but the bed was comfortable, service was excellent (they waived an early check-in fee when I showed up Sunday morning), and I enjoyed my stay.Staying off the strip can be a bit of an issue, but they do run shuttles to Bally's and Harrah's every 20-30 minutes. I do wish they were a bit more frequent since it's inconvenient to wait so long in 110-degree heat, but it's a free shuttle, so I can't make too many complaints. The buffet is pretty good, and the casino is huge. Shockingly, I even saw a few $5 blackjack tables on my way out (a Tuesday afternoon), which is very low considering the usual limits for tables. I'd absolutely stay here again.
3	Interesting during the wsop event only for me. It would not be my first choice otherwise. They raise prices exponentially during that time frame.
4	Only one wireless device can be connected for free if you are a guest here.
1	Did not stay at this hotel but did go to the buffet and it was nasty!! Food looked nasty and the place is filthy. The whole property needs a good pressure wash inside and out. Stay on the strip its worth the extra cost.
4	I like that during the week it is free for locals! Also you can bring your kids there is a pool with a sandy area which is great for all ages and if your kids are in the teens you can let them hangout it the under 21 area... and you can go to the adult pool which is only open on weekends. They have a dj but it's just okay.. I think that pool used to be the sapphire pool. Also there drinks are kind of boring they need a menu redo.
4	The Rio is a pretty decent hotel. The rooms are spacious and the whole hotel is very clean. It is a mid range priced hotel, but using Total Rewards you can get a number of nights comped if you are staying for a while, which makes it quite a cheap option.The club on the roof has amazing views of Vegas, so I definitely recommend taking a trip up there to take a gander.I do have to say though that the location is a bit of a pain in the derriere. It is a good 15-20 minute walk to the strip and the main road is a little sketchy, so I would not advise walking it on your own. There is a free shuttle bus that takes you to Bally's and Paris Hotel's every 30 minutes, so that helps, but it can be a little on the slow side.
1	Rio pool! No longer a hot spot free pool for local son the weekend. They started charging for pool entry a month ago for Friday - Sunday.  $20 per adult and $10 for children.  No wonder it's completely dead for a Saturday!
5	I may never stay anywhere else. The Rio was awesome. We had booked just a normal room for $116, when we got there the guy at the desk (I wish I knew his name) upgraded us to the two story penthouse suite on the 20th floor for free!! Everyone was so nice, our room was beautiful (of course) and the hotel was clean. I loved the Rio and it made my Vegas trip so much better.
3	Arrived around midnight on Thursday night. Took over 2 hours for the bellhop to bring our bags.  Then gave an excuse that only 1 bellhop at that time of night. I don't care what the excuse is. 2 1/2 hours later, I'm sleeping and no longer in the mood to go have a couple of beers and hit the slots. Had they told me how long it would be, I would have taken my own bags, even if it meant two trips. Upgraded to a double masquerade suite. Decent view. Yes strip view, but kind of a side view. Old dingy room. One light didn't work at all. No robes nor tv remote. They don't even give you free coffee anymore. What?!  Yea $8 from the mini bar. Didn't buy that either. We were on the 28th floor and could hear the music from the pool all day and then the club at night. Was a joy from 2am til 9am with no noise or thump thumping. With that being said...the room was quite spacious. Three of us and I didn't feel cramped. The bed was hard and the pillows even worse. There is a small window that looks from the bathroom into the bedroom. They need to offer some blinds with that or some way to cover it. We just used our soap and shampoo bottles. Staff (except bellhop)We did win here, so that's the only thing I can't complain about. And the cocktail service was rather speedy.  I also like that it's NOT on the strip and because of that, not generally super packed.
2	BORING. We always stayed on the strip and visited the Rio in the evening. Enjoyed the gondolas in the sky along with the little stage show that they put on. This was the 1st time we actually stated at the Rio. Unfortunately, both shows have been eliminated. Even though we had out car, we took the shuttle to the strip. No fun waiting in 112 temperature for a shuttle. Too much of a hassle.  NO reason to go there.
5	I have no idea how this place is rated 3 stars. Ive been to vegas 3 times. We try to stay at different places to check out new hotels. But by far this is the best hotel we have stayed at.Pros Huge roomsHuge bedSafe The have a shuttle that stops at 1am and circulates every 30 min.FRIDGE!! Weve stayed in other hotels way more expensive. They have no fridge. Your in vegas for goodnes sake you need a fridge  Spa services need to relax you get to go once each day you stay it was amazing. N they have delicious drinks in there.Wifi some hotels still have dial up wtf ?! LolCons:Its off the strip. Some people might find that a bad thing but i really enjoyed it. It was all drunk party people on the strip and you got to experience that but then you go to rio and you feel like you were away from all the craziness but still in vegas. Its a bit hard to get around. If we left somethin in the car it was a mission to go get it lol. Its so great you really need to check it out.
3	Came here for the first time to try out the carnival buffet I had bought with a groupon. The buffet is pretty pricey but there is a lot of choices! Nice, clean, lively atmosphere and most the food I had was good. The Casio area didn't offer the variety of slot machines I am used to seeing in most places and the layout i found to be strung out and crowded feeling! Not sure I would come here again, way too many other places to spend my time and money.
1	An absolutely disgusting example of a allegedly nice vegas hotel. Why?1) Security is horrible - two straight days we walked into our room while the maid was cleaning and she didn't ask us to verify our key2) The rooms are dirty - mold growing near the showers...spotted carpets..,you name it. 3) The pool area is awful - stuff floating in the pool, filthy deck chairs, garbage laying in the common areas. 4) Rude staff - when you mention 1,2 or 3 they act like you are the problem5) The buffet is terrible - cold and over priced food6) The little things - like how about having elevators that all work...or buttons that exist...and/or don't get stuckThe place needs so much work. Edit/addition: I've been staying at the Rio for 10 plus years...2-3 times per year. It will be my last time. Good luck!
3	Older hotel rooms but still in decent shape, queen beds could use replacement. Service was good as well. Pool was a great place to hang out, ton of kids, pools and jacuzzis could use a little rehab. Decent stay, would go again.
4	I like rios casino Kuzz the food is reasonable for me that can afford to pay for all my family to eat  room is big and service is good  Oh and the food was great compared to other casino n their price    Good job rios  I am coming back next year again  and hoping getting good service as we'll like this time
1	This use to be a decent hotel when it was remodeled.  Now it's a dump.  Room show all kinds of wear and tear.  We booked 3 rooms and all were crappy.  The billing receipts is atrocious!  The charges don't match anything on my itinerary or bank statement.  Stop trying to settle charges that are more than the actual charge. Pool has mold by the water fall.  Customer service has more attitude than a Kardashian.  I can go on and on. I'll never stay here again!
1	All-around BAD experience. :-(I recently stayed at the Rio while I was playing in the WSOP Main Event. I must say that this was a very disappointing experience and not one I was expecting from a Total Rewards Casino.When I arrived in the afternoon I waited in line for over 45 minutes to talk to the front desk to check-in and there was no room available for me, even though I booked one over 6 months in advance. The individual working was very rude and not willing to help. Once I got a manager she said they were cleaning a room and would text me in 30 minutes when it was available. about 90 minutes later I went back down to the front desk to check on my room as I had not received any text.I was staying on the 15th floor which I was assured was not pet friendly yet there was a Dog barking throughout the night. I called the front desk to let them know of this and they didn't do anything to help.Also, my fiancee ordered a basket for me which was a surprise and I did not receive until Tuesday. They said it was sitting there for a few days. I don't understand why it was not delivered promptly to my room.Notes- Out-dated Hotel- Dirty Rooms and Pool Area- Slow and Rude Staff- Terrible Customer ServiceThere are so many other options, don't waste your time trying to book the Rio.Updated:I actually checked out a day early and still go charged for the resort fee for the extra day. I emailed Caesars and again they did NOTHING for me.
3	The rooms were fairly priced,  Good sized. There was a funky ass smell coming from one of the drains. Nothing to scare us off tho. It was nice to have a fridge. The pool area is great in my opinion
4	We came here to play roulette and had a great time. Donny was awesome. I loved that the cocktail waiter came by many times!  I rarely find this in any casino these days. This place is very trendy and fun.
1	I do not remember Rio being this horrible. Rude staff and not willing to accommodate guests. Very unorganized and they make everything seem like it's your fault. Took over an hour to get our room and we walked into the room and found phone ripped out of its socket. How are we supposed to call the front desk or get our bags?
2	The Rio was once a great hotel/casino in Vegas. We have stayed here many times and usually because of the Seafood buffet and the beach area at the pool. It is located off the main strip so it makes it harder to visit other hotels. When I walked in today I felt sad because it's so outdated and most of the stores are out of business. We have brought our kids here several times over the last 15 years and I can't believe they have let this once great hotel become almost a ghost town. It is a Saturday and the casino is almost empty. I know the rooms are very large and just need an update. If the owners would put a little time and money into this awesome hotel it could draw a great crowd. I sure hope that people keep visiting the Rio because it would be so sad to see it go.
3	The hotel is outdated. But the Penn and Teller magic show is a must see. We came here for the show and decided to take off the minute it ended.
3	Was here for the Penn and Teller show. The Rio seemed outdated and smelled like stale cigarettes.
3	Once a great hotel... Now just an average hotel with big rooms!I have been coming to the Rio for over 20 years. I was here when the masquerade tower just opened and had the hottest night club in Vegas. They had the best buffet back then too...I know there are always newer and greater casinos that will come and go but Harrahs needs to understand that you can't cut back on everything and expect tons of people to still show up!For those of you that don't know, the Rio had an amazing FREE show- Carnival in the Sky that was totally discontinued about a year ago! People loved it and came here just to see it. Then after, they would do some gambling, eat food and spend money in the shops. Now that area is totally dead! I spoke to many of the employees and they are unhappy about it too and saw a major drop in business!Another disappointment was at the iBar. They got rid of the dancers that came on stage every so often. It made the place cool and hip to hang out and buy drinks!  Now it's just a regular bar with expensive drinks and I probably won't be spending my money there anymore. Now for the good... Rooms are large with lots of room for 5 or more people if u need it.  You get a lot more room for your money compared to the strip. This is the main reason I still come here but not sure after all the cutbacks. However they do charge a resort fee and will charge you for an early check in! I was charged $10 to check in 2 1/2 hrs early. Buffet is still good but very pricy now at around $33/person for dinner on a weekend.  Hash House had the best breakfast and lunch. They hit a homerun with this place!!! See my review for more info on that. Pool is decent for families with kids. But not great for the young party crowd. I believe there are 4-5 pools all together but one is a 21 and older only. Casino has lots of table games that have lower limits than what you can typically find at the high end casinos on the strip. There is also no shortage of slot machines either. If you want to experience the Las Vegas Strip, this is NOT the place for you! But if you want a big room and a big casino, then this may be for you!
5	Just got back from the Rio - Excellent experience.  Great room - very spacious.  Terrific bed! - very clean.  The shuttle service is sooo convenient.  Very friendly staff.  Fridge works very well.  So very comfortable - good security.  Found two places to eat that were marvelous.  Hash House  A Go Go - zagat rated - and a steak and hamburger restaurant (can't think of the name). Neither expensive.  Only complaint  way too much food.  Share the order.  Really don't like monstrous amounts of food - such a waste - for me anyway.  But it is delicious - especially the hamburgers! - Terrific breakfasts.
5	pros-  our window was from floor to cielling and wall to wall with a view of the striphuge rooms huge bedfridge in closet safelots of mirriorsshuttle to the striponly SEAFOOD buffet in Vegas that i know ofthe A/C is strongcons- resort fee unless you book with easyclicktravel.com then you dont pay resort fee.carnival buffet could be betterpool needs more shade
3	I go to Vegas once a year for a Star Trek convention, as I told a dealer once I only gamble with my life never my money so I can't speak for anything casino related. This review is for those that like me are there for something other than gambling.Let me get my one complaint out of the way, which is there is not enough low cost eating options in the hotel which wouldn't be an issue on the strip but since the Rio is off strip you're kind of trapped unless you want to drive or cab it somewhere else. That being said it's an all-suite hotel so each room has a refrigerator so just do what we do and buy food for breakfast and lunch and spend your money on dinner or better yet the buffet which is great, this would be high praise from me you see because I had a bad incident at a Home Town Buffet once which really put me off that dining concept forever, that is until I ate at the Rio's Buffet.The convention space is great very roomy and much better than the old hotel where the Star Trek convention used to be held, I'm not refusing to name it I just have no idea what they're going by today as they have changed their name a couple of times since I was last there. While I'm on that subject I can't say enough about how well the Rio treats the Trek fans while the old place acted like we were some sort of inconvenience the Rio has been very welcoming every year and the room rate is better than Motel 6 as is the cliental, I'm reasonably sure the FBI could find most of their most wanted list at the Motel 6 in Las Vegas, not that you need to know that but they're likely reading this review since they read everything and I just thought I'd give a heads up.
1	I booked this hotel thinking it was truly a four star and it is by far one of the worst rooms I've stayed in while in Vegas. The locks didn't work, the curtain didn't close, the furniture and bedding is outdated. Just disgusting. When I called the front desk to complain about the lock and window I was told I could either have someone come to the room and fix them, mind you I'm calling at night before going to bed, or I can upgrade to another room at an additional $100 per night. I don't need much, but a clean room at a four star hotel is expected. Don't stay here if you want a clean room or good customer service. Feels more like a cheap Motel.
2	* Rio desperately needs better ventilation - lobby, casino and hallways smell like an ashtray that hasn't been cleaned in a while* Rio's "Hash House a Go-Go" restaurant served us coffee in a mug wearing a previous guest's lipstick - and sausage not fully cooked* In convention center (site of pool tournament we were attending) patio, garbage cans and ashtrays were filled to overflowing* We complained about a bed bracket that was sticking out - it took three requests over three days to get it fixed* Comically amateurish: Hash House A Go-Go is next to a Starbucks; both are open to each other and to convention center entry hall. The restaurants and hotel play three different music channels simultaneously, so nothing can be heard.* All suite? My room was large and comfortable, but I don't consider a large bedroom and a bathroom to be a suite.* I find food prices in hotel to be ridiculous - but there's better & cheaper food across road at Gold Coast.
3	A tired hotel in need of some serious updating.There are many goo features: Dog friendly, the buffet, the pool area, and the vibe on the casino floor. However the rooms and hallways are in serious need of a spruce up.I think this hotel has now slipped into the bargain bin category of hotels. It's fine if you can get it cheap sub $50/night and avoid the exorbitant resort fee, otherwise look elsewhere.
4	While it's starting to look a little dated, it's still a great place.  The rooms are huge, with floor to ceiling windows, and a fridge you can actually use.  The buffet is still one of my favorites for a champagne brunch (I love the Mongolian station).  Good pool(s).  The wine cellar is awesome.  Voodoo Lounge still has amazing views.  Shuttle service to the strip.  Great venue to hold the WSOP.  They probably should start pouring some money into sprucing up the place, because it's kinda at the turning point.  If they let it go, it will look like hell in a few more years, but it's at the point where it can still be saved.  I hope they get on it, because I really like the place.
1	Due to the site not allowing 0 stars I am forced to give it a star.  This hotel is very dated and dirty. Our room was missing the remote, two lamps were broken and the light up mirror in the bathroom did not work.  Called down to the front desk and they sent up a remote and then an engineer.  The engineer looked at me an said, "Here's a light bulb." Then he said, "Aren't you going to put it in?" Are you kidding me..!?! Then I explained to him that it was not a bulb .. It was actually BROKEN. The front desk DIDN'T OFFER to move us & then told us at the rate we paid this is all they could offer us!  After calming down we decided to check out the pool - On the way to the pool, a dog peed on the carpet.. The owner made a loud screeching noise, picked up her dog and ran away - Who does that?! We told a worker & they acted as if they did not care.. Like it happens all day.  Upon leaving about 20 mins ago my daughter was carrying her bag to the car, she felt something swish under her sandal & yup ... Dog poop! I swore it wasn't but once we got in the elevator.. The smell was atrocious .. Dog poop, to the point I told her to throw the shoes away! NEVER staying here again.. I can't believe the lack of care employees have and totally shocked at how dirty this place is!
4	The Rio was very nice overall. The staff were very accommodating and pleasant. The restaurants we awesome!! The "House Hash a go go" is a must see.Martorano's is another must do, see, try for great Italian food. It was very elegant and the food was my favorite itI cannot wait to go back!
2	We've stayed at the Rio a couple times in the last year and after the second visit I've noticed a few details that will affect our decision to return or not. The hotel is starting to appear run down - it's the little things. Many of the buttons in the elevator are broken, the carptet is looking tired and frayed, the broken elevator floor indicator had a clear piece of plexiglass covering the LED display so that all the electronics were visible. I don't think these are huge issues, but they tend to wear on you when you obtain a good rate and then add 50% of that rate as a resort fee so that great rate isn't so great after all. The hotel is really in a convenient location and I'd like to return due to the convenience. Maybe I should check out the pool before making the final decision. To be continued.....
3	Good- Many pools (4) & hot spas- Bigger room- Seafood buffet (if you eat there)...hmmm that's it?Bad- Old- Not very clean- Resort fee is $22/nightIn short- Hotel: C- Casino: C- Pools: A-The safe in our room didn't work.I stayed there 2 nights, but it was a comp (still paid about $50 for resort fee+tax), so it was worth it.
4	I stayed at the Rio once. It was nice and affordable. Its not located on the strip but its only 5 minutes away. The view I had was a distant strip view. The room was clean and the staff was nice. They dont have room service. Parking wasnt too bad. Overall, I'd recommend it.
2	Dissappointing recent stay at Rio.  Room was very nice but the maid knocking on the door at 8:30am is not cool especially in Vegas.  Valet parking is a joke, took over 45 min a few times.  Stores within the casino are very expensive.  It is so far off the strip it is very inconvenient.  The pool is very nice
1	Worst stay ever !!! I come to Vegas very often but this experience is my worst Vegas trip ever !!! Don't stay here! If I can give negative star I will give them -5 stars !! First of all we waited 40-45mins for check in on a Sunday afternoon around 4:30pm. Not only that we book two room and want to be next to each other but they put us on a different floor I asked if they can change it for me, they told me has already been done and they don't have any room next to each other. So I say is ok .. We got super low floor, one is on 5 and one on 6 floor, no view at all!! I'm fine with that too but both room they put us at the very second to the last room and my grandpa ( first time coming to the US so my family want to show him Vegas) who's 85 years old and is super inconvence for him, so later I went down to ask the front desk if they can change one of the room for us.  I explain everything to them,  there is a blond girl manager come out and ask me if I enter my room, I say yes but I just put my luggage down and haven't touch anything in the room. Then she told me that they were completely book for tonight and there is nothing they can do about it so I believed her and went up to the 5 floor room. I went online and check the booking for tonight, I can still book a room on Expedia.com with the same room type I have, which is two queen bed, non smoking room,  I was very mad cause I falt that I had been lied to, so I went down to the front desk again, this time they have a different manager an asian lady come out from the back and told me that they do have room left but is smoking and pet room , I told her that we don't might as long as is close to the elevator and we can have any floor but she told us that she can't put me in there because I didn't book that type of room and she also tell me if I can switch room with my family I mean come on !! I already told them both room is almost very to the last room and both room numbers !! I feel they are not listening to what you say ! And they should be more professional and  should already know about this !! Then I asked if there is anything she can do about it,so finally the lady told me they can try to put me in the smoking room but in different tower and is still in the very back without even checking on the computer. I feel they are just bs things up !! And they just say no to whatever you say without even trying !! Lucky I only book for one night cause I was about to change my stay to two but after this experience Never Never Never. I'm not come back to Rio ever again!! Overall very unprofessional managers !!   Don't stay there !!
3	Hotel is older, however, the price was right and the rooms were a very good size, I would stay here again, not too far from the Strip, and the buffet was amazing!
1	It takes 30 minutes or more just to check in to this place. 3 people working the front desk. And this is at 9pm on a Monday. I can't imagine what a busy night looks like. When I got to the room I quickly realized how filthy it was. I've posted several pictures. It was also in disrepair. The toilet paper holder was broken, the tub drain was also broken, and the shower head was in bad need of replacement. The mini bar was missing many item. Hopefully they don't bill me for that, I'll post an update
3	Last time I came here, I was attending a wedding in the mid-90s, I vaguely remembered the buffet offer was large.  And there was some kind of sky show at certain hours.  It hasn't changed much from outside and inside, checking was painfully long on this day because of Deathcon, now I regret staying at the event hosting hotel.  I'm just glad we didn't have to split up to wait for the badges as well since a friend took care of that the day before. And you would think the hotel would put more ppl at the checkin desk for the surge of the guests, and be well prepared of such surge from many years of hosting the same event which attracts the ppl from over the world.  Apparently, our reservation was not to be even though I had confirmed the day before, but we were offered an upgrade $150 to stay at one of their premium suite on the 20th floor of Ipanema Tower, on top of the base rate which came to $340 per night plus the resort fee.  That seems to be a decent rate to me, because I remember paying almost that much in Stratosphere for one tiny room years ago.  We did not have another reservation somewhere else, so why not?  The problem with this suite is that one of my kids has to sleep on the couch, as they only allow one roll away bed per suite.  The suite was fine, very clean, contemporary but not showy which I like.  I LOVE the big tub by the window, and its switch operated shade.  Nice touch with  the panelings above the shade in the sitting room, they brighten up the room a bit and gave the otherwise dull looking drapery a classic look.  The furnitures were plain and worn out somewhat, the decoration was minimum which suits me.  My other favorite part of the room is the vanity and the stool that comes with it, albeit the stool could use some cleaning.  The walking closet has a safe which didn't work, because the battery has worn out.  I called the front desk, the repair man came and fixed it.  Took me a while to rinse my long hair in the shower, because water leaked at the faucet, so only two third of that already economical flow came to the shower head.  While drying my hair, I was distracted by their shower window which I haven't seen it elsewhere.  Don't think they designed it with mitigating the slow shower flow in mind, rather it was a fashion statement or a way to let lighting in from the bedroom, any way, it's quite unique and I like it.  Warning: don't use their shaving kit, because the blade can actually hurt you.  Also, I'm glad I brought my own Q-tip, because their Q-tip can't hold candle to the store bought ones.  Keurig coffee single cup brewer and the two TVs worked fine and the AC worked great also.  The bed was firm and comfortable, no complains there.  I did not smell much smoke except the third night and I hardly heard any noise.  Had trouble using wifi, very slow or not working at all.We use to stay at the Black Hat hosting hotel for the last few years, this time we decided to stay at Rio.  Little did we know that dinning could be a challenge.  The buffets have long lines before they were open, the American Bar and Grill was bursting out of its capacity, so I opted to dine out, thankfully there is Gold Coast.  Lots of other deathcon attendees went over there as well, judging by their distinctive attire with flashing or non flashing (minus the battery) badges. Didn't get to try KJ's dim sum, but we tried their dinner which I have to say, not impressed.  To sum up the experience, big price for small portioned mediocre overly salted food with halt service. There are 10 lifts for the tower, the average wait for the lift could be from 1-6 mins,  I heard someone saying there isn't enough lift for this tower.  I bet it's not like this everyday.  Also, one needs to insert the room key in the lift for the 20th floor, it's just one extra thing to do.The bill was large, our splurge for the year, or whatever makes the man happy.  We are working poor but we can make the boat float by regulating the flow economically for the rest of the year as well.
4	The best times I've had in Vegas was spent being at rio. My friends and I have our annual trip and found that rio is the best place to have it. Mainly because of the buffet and atmosphere. The staff here is also friendly and helpful when need be. The rooms were spacious and clean and everything always seemed to be in working order. I only give 4 stars because I just wished they had a microwave in the room. I would bring my own but wouldn't wanna carry a microwave around a Vegas hotel. They even have shuttles to other hotels every 30 mins or so which makes it convenient when you don't want to drive or can't drive. Over all I will be coming here again and again! And if they add a microwave, I'll be surely to update this review.
4	Not bad. I have stayed here a few times and the last time we stayed we got upgraded to a suite free of charge.  Rooms are pretty modern.  Hotel is away from the strip, but they do provide shuttles to and from the strip.
4	Clean and very comfortable. We were upgraded to a suite, which was very nice. The gym was good too. Very clean, tons of towels,  lemon ice water. Too bad it was raining so we couldn't use the pool. Overall, clean and comfortable. Definitely recommended
2	This review is just for The Village seafood buffet which I heard so many great things about. My mom and a few co-workers said Rio has the best seafood buffet so how could I go wrong ? So I couldn't wait to eat at this buffet and I was thinking it would be better then Valley View Casino in San diego.So I knew it would be a little pricey at about 50 bucks and I was fine with that. I got there and the cashier said I could take a look around just to see if I would like it. So I did and I didn't see any lobster claws but I did see some lobster tails about the size of your pinky finger. That just blew my mind but I was hungry and I did want seafood so I just stayed there.They had a lot of cold crab which I've never been a big fan of but they did have warm crab also. The buffet was a little small for my taste but that's alright. There was Asian food, Mexican and American but for the price it just didn't measure up. I order a lemonade and it was terrible the only things that I liked was the warm crab and some of the desserts. I wouldn't really recommend this buffet because it's way to pricey, they have small lobster tails that didn't even taste good and it's kind of small.
4	After a 3.5-4 hour drive turned into a 5.5 hour drive into town, when a lovely woman handed me a complementary bottle of water while I stood in line to check in at the Rio... I had a good feeling.  When we went to check out our temporary digs and found a spacious, clean, and very comfortable room, my good feeling was well confirmed.  The mattress was a little too soft for my liking and I will warn you all- those pillows are stuffed and fluffy!  Also, there was a sign on the mini-bar requesting we not store personal items in it... which would have been sad, except that there was also a refrigerator in the suite!  Very nice!  This was my first off-strip experience in Vegas and honestly, I may never stay on the strip again!  Or in the very least, I look forward to kicking back at Rio for a few days again in the future!  No resort fee btw!And of course- its Vegas, they have free parking and a shuttle to the strip.
3	Since I didn't stay here I can only write from the perspective of a visitor for a conference.  Like many hotels in Vegas there's a casino.  Wasn't a huge fan of secondhand smoke but it's inescapable at least it seemed that way for casinos in Vegas.  The pool seemed pretty neat but it was too hot to enjoy it.  I mean, we're in a dessert.  There's a reason why it's off season.  The Defcon hacking conference has been growing in popularity every year.  There's no reservations and entrance fee was a steep 220 USD cash only obviously.  Careful about trying to connect to the wireless during that weekend.  Poor other guests at the hotel.  They may have unwittingly been put on the Wall of Sheep for being hacked on the wireless network.  Even with the price and excrutiating hot weather there were tons of people.  Fortunately we got to skip the insane wait and save 20 bucks by buying tickets from a speaker.  There was even a massive line just to buy Defcon swag.  As far as food options go there were quick sandwiches, pizza and salads for convenience.  The Dim Sum we tried within the hotel wasn't stellar quality but the price was pretty reasonable.  If you're willing to spend more there's a seafood buffet.  There's also another regular buffet and vietnamese restaurant within the hotel.
4	I like the place very much. Clean, friendly, we love huge room with plenty of space and wall of windows. Its bit older then others and some wear n tear shows. We totally loved though the pricing, service, it has more dining in different price options, like burger place and two Starbucks. Loved Royal India withits wonderful buffet.
3	Nice room very clean and big the food I had breakfast the food was not very good Starbucks was over priced the pool was great
4	3.5 stars. The Rio is massive. If your into endless gambling, aggressive girls in feathers, and waitresses in skimpy clothes you'll probably like it. It's defiantly older, but the rooms are huge, you can fit a lot of people in them. I ate at the Pho place right by the check in, which I would recommend, it's good, healthier, and casual. The gym opens at 7am and it small, but nice. The pool is a huge area, with a fake sandy beach, plenty of room to play around. The Penn and Teller show is funny, but so expensive for what your get, some people really like it though. Young-midrange age group. Fun, colorful place. If your into vegasy artwork there's a good little store upstairs from the casino with some good stuff. Tatted girls, sexy artwork,etc..check it out.
3	The hotel has aged a lot over the years. I havent been here in several years. Checked in on friday at 4pm had a very long line but went fairly fast with all the windows staffed.A hotel employee was handing out bottled water to people in line which was a nice for people who needed or wanted them.The room was very large and comfortable. The bed was a little bouncy and not that firm but ok. There's a coffee pot in the room but no complimentary coffee.It must be purchased from the in room service refrigerator which automatically charges when items are removed .The wall paper in the bathroom was peeling next to the sink at the baseboards and the wood borders needed paint.  The room had no walk in shower and only a old style tub with a SHOWER CURTAIN..Really? Everything was clean and no visible moldAround one of windows was masking tape on the border of the window, not sure if it was to seal an air leak or if it was used to mask when painting, it had paint over spray on it. It had been there for a long time.The air conditioning worked very well and had a updated digital control.The gaming floor is large and the hotel is busy on Friday afternoon. I did notice there are a lot more dollar machines then in the past. Not a fan of dollar machines.There were two things that are very annoying on the gaming floor. They have a company on the gaming floor set up to sell time shares. It's  very annoying, they have set up numerous areas staffed with well dressed individuals who bother people and target couples.They solicit personal information and you enter a drawing for a new Corvette. They hand out a coupon for a "FREE" two day cruise on the east coast. But it's up to you to get there first , at your cost.It's all TIME SHARE so beware.!!It's all TIME SHARE DID I SAY THAT!!!I DONT CARE IF THEY GIVE ME FIVE GALLONS OF FREE BEER ON THE CRUISE,  I'M NOT SITTING THROUGH A ONE ON ONE SALES PITCH WITH A YELLOW TOOTHED HYPED SALES PERSON PRESSURING ME TO PURCHASE A FRIGGEN TIME SHARE.........HELP!!!!!!!If I wanted a time share I would of purchased one in the 90's and would of been using it and not vacationing at the RIO.....please no time shares it's annoying and a thing of the past ......TACKY! !On the second level next to Burger King is a cosmetic business . The employee's stand at the doorway and bother people. They hand out decorative bags that contain skin lotion products,  this is to get you to stop. They then use every tactic to engage you in a conversation to discuss your grooming standards as it relates to skin care products. There trying to get you in the store to solicit products. They will actually  say        " LET ME SHOW YOU SOMETHING INSIDE "Really??....if I wanted skin care products I would be at the mall......please!!They have one Starbucks set up on a very small scale kind of hidden next to a set of elevators The employees are working as fast as they can!!.  Extremely long lines, my wife waited 35 minutes in line just to order two coffees. This was on Saturday morning at 10 am.......they need more Starbucks like other casinos set up in various locations in the casinoThere are a lot of food options , we ordered from a walk up deli and the line was short, but the wait was just terrible. The order receiver at the cash register was just plain slow and confused. We ordered well done french fries and they were barely cooked, we ordered a cobb salad but it was more like a chef salad.After ordering it was another long wait to receive the order. They had also forgot to give my wife a drink cup while ordering, she thought it was at the fountain machine which it was not and had to stand in line again to get the cup that WASN'T given to her the first time......ANNOYING and INCOMPETENT EMPLOYEES.   In the past the hotel had entertainment in the sky with decorative lively entertainers flying around on a ceiling mounted track above the gaming floor , I didn't see any of this on Friday nite. The hotel was just not as lively and boaring. The cocktail waitresses were very attentive and very personable and just didn't walk by and yell "DRINKS"they would actually stop next to you and engage in conversation. FIVE DAY PRIOR RESERVATION ON RIOS WEB PAGE.TOTAL FOR ONE DAY INCLUDING RESORT FEES WAS $163.00  NCLUDING TAXES....DON'T FORGET ABOUT RESORT FEES WHEN YOU BOOK THEY ADD UP DAILY.....Overall I would rate my experience at the hotel as a THREE I guess.Would I stay here again, maybe!The vibe was just missing this time!Thats it!.......
3	Our first experience at The Rio was the check-in line.  We waited for about 45 min just to get to the end and be told that there were not enough rooms ready.  They said to come back in 2 hours for a room.When we finally checked in I was thoroughly impressed with the room itself.  It had a wonderful view of the strip (backside of Bellagio and Ceasers) and was spacious with a king bed and sectional couch.  The TV had a line going down the middle of it but we barely used it anyway.  The mini-bar was expensive ($9 for a Keurig coffee cup) but I guess that is standard in Vegas.  There was a separate mini fridge available so we could store water bottles and beer we purchased at a grocery store nearby.I thought the amenities, bars, restaurants, and casino floor were very nice.  I think the piece that was most lacking was an engaged hotel staff.  The check in/out process was not terribly friendly and staff we spoke with were not very knowledgeable about hotel policies, events, and hours.  I've had better experiences with hotel staff at airport hotels.Overall, I feel the amenities and atmosphere are worth 4 stars but the customer service brings the overall experience down to 3.
4	The Rio is a nice hotel. They have some of the sexiest cocktail servers (men and women). The only casino that I know of with male cocktail servers for the ladies. Though they're away from the strip there is plenty to do here. They have a free shuttle to either Harrahs or Balleys on the strip. The shuttle runs about every 30 minutes until 1:00am. There is Voodoo Nightclub. A rooftop nightclub with an amazing view. One DJ outside and one DJ inside.
3	This hotel is off the strip but still in a festive area.  I stayed in the Masquerade tower in room 9017. The room (suite)  was very large,  at least 500 square ft. It had a large sectional couch,  fridge, sitting chair and vanity.  The bed was very comfy.  I got this room for $29 ($55) after tax so it was a good deal for the money.  Chippendales is here in this hotel along with Eddie Griffin and the Penn brothers (magic show) from what I remember. There is also a zipline that was heavily promoted and a great skyview and Club.  The pool area is awesome, it has 3 jacuzzis and 3 pools from what I saw.  This is an older hotel but has been maintained pretty well but of course it could use some updates in order to stay  competitive. I would definitely stay here if not concerned about being in the middle of everything on the strip and just looking for a good value for your money.  My flight was overbooked at LAX so I took the 45 min flight to Vegas and saved $150 on a hotel.  (A decent hotel in LA was about $200 a night) I took the bell tran shuttle from the airport for $17 round trip.  Not bad compared to a cab ride.  Oh and food. .. the is a 24 hour sandwich shop in the main casino area and on the second floor there is a burger king..... this is what is open really late.  There are lots of other restaurants open during regular hours.  The staff was great,  I would stay here again if in a jam.
5	What a blast! The front desk took care of everything we needed from the start. All of the staff were super friendly. Shout out to the spa and Collin for taking care of us! The hotel was clean, the pool was beautiful, and the spa was phenomenal. We are definitely booking our entire next trip here! I loved our room, plenty of space, clean as a thistle, and everything was updated and just gorgeous. We paid a great price for great service, friendly staff, and a super clean atmosphere. Thank you Rio!!
2	Our experience at the Rio Hotel in Las Vegas(I sent this letter to their customer service - let's see if I'll get any response) On Friday (8/22/2014) around noon I called the hotel to inform them that we are arriving late and requested for a baby crib to be ready in our room.The representative was very kind and made the comments promising me that everything will be ready on time.We arrived at the hotel around 10:30pm and expected to check in and go to sleep.The check in counter was packed and we had to wait, when finally we were able to check in - we were told that there are no King size beds available and only queen beds rooms are available.Even though the reservation confirmation said: "ROOM PREFERENCESWe will make every effort to fulfill your preference requests; however they are not guaranteed, as rooms are assigned at check-in. Additional charges may apply for some requests. For accommodation preferences for the physically challenged, please call us at 1-800-CAESARS."I had no choice but to except that - BUT I don't understand, if I'm booking a specific room I should get what I paid for.Then, I asked for the crib (which was obviously not ready in our room) and I was told I need to pay for it.***On the phone call that I made earlier no one told me about the rooms not being available nor that I have to pay for the crib!***I told the guy at the front desk, that if I am not getting the king size beds I should not pay for the crib. Eventually he said that he will not charge me for it.In addition, he suggested that we will switch to a king size room the day after (Saturday), and to expect a voice mail from the registration desk.No need to mention that no one called us or contact us in any way and we never got the king size beds.The first night was quiet and calm.The second night, 3am a cloud of cigarette smoke took over our room.A group of young people were partying in the next room. Doors were slamming, people were shouting and cursing all over.And then - my 17 months old baby woke up coughing! The smoke was so dense as if someone was standing next to our beds and smoking in our faces!To remind you, we asked for a NON-SMOKING room, which I assume will be placed on a non-smoking floor, or am I wrong?It is unacceptable to me that my baby will wake up coughing in the middle of the night because the room is full of smoke - after I paid for a non-smoking environment. In addition, my parents were in the next room - experiencing that exact smoke experience. My mother just recovered from cancer, and this is a health hazard for her.I would recommend to change the air filters because when comparing this hotel to others (Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, Cesar's Palace, Wynn, New York New York, and many more) - this is the hotel with the worst cigarette smell in the lobby. The only good experiences we had are the pool and the "House Hash a Go Go" restaurant.We are extremely disappointed from this experience, and will make sure to share it with our family, friends, and colleagues.Here is their response:Thank you for taking the time to write and for making us aware of your experience at Rio Las Vegas. Your comments are appreciated as it enables us to identify what we are doing correctly to satisfy our guests, as well as, discovering where adjustments can be made so we may continue providing the best products and service.I am truly sorry that you were faced with breakdowns during your visit. I hope you will accept my sincere apology. We are deeply concerned whenever our guests are faced with challenges during their stay with us. It's obvious by your email that we have some opportunity for improvement. There is certainly no excuse for you not to receive the best service we have to offer. Many of our customers consider Rio Las Vegas their home away from home, so I am disappointed that the same service and comfort was not what you experienced. It is never our intent to inconvenience or frustrate you, or any customer. You certainly deserve the very best we have to offer.Thank you again, for sharing your experience and concerns with us. I hope you will take some comfort in knowing that all customer comments are taken seriously. Your business is truly appreciated. We hope you will give us another chance to serve you again in the near future. I am confident that your next experience visiting us will be enjoyable. Yours truly, Tara GalauskaTotal Service Central SpecialistCaesars Entertainment877-716-4500 / 702-369-5160
4	GG Rio, it's been fun! I stayed here multiple times, but was last here for Defcon 22. Defcon is an information security conference or "hacking" conference, just imagine the shenanigans of concentrating a large number of counter-culture hackers in one spot... yeah so things happened. Sorry Rio, mostly mostly sorry to housekeeping and unrelated hotel visitors. Do try and stay in the Ipanema Tower rather than the Masquerade Tower if your left with those choices. Some of the Masquerade Tower rooms look very dated with faulty bathroom fixtures and AC. :(Great conference area, secluded away from the rest of the hotel there is even an outside area for a smoking patio connect to the parking lot outside. This area makes it easier for transferring boxes and items to the conference. The large panel partitioning areas are convenient and block sound well. The hotel's security is great for the most part but boo for shutting down pool parties earlier than scheduled. I'm not usually a big coffee drinker, but attending conferences will make you one. Thank goodness there are two locations for Starbucks, there's one next to the newly installed Hash House A Go Go and a kiosk type one right by Ipanema Towers. Go to the kiosk, shorter line than the main one and runs at all hours, at least during the convention. Hash House, really stellar breakfast fare. Happy that they opened one up here, I remember having to cab it to Imperial Palace for Hash House! I suggest the chicken and waffles if you got an appetite.KJ Dim Sum & Seafood is a legit Chinese place, I got an authentic bowl of Won Ton noodle soup here. Bonus the staff speak Cantonese. Pho Da Nang, expensive for Pho I would suggest you go to the nearby Chinatown for a better bowl and better deal. You pay the price for convenience of not leaving the hotel a key to conferences, Pho is a good hangover cure in my book but wow is it over priced.All-American Bar and Grille, a solid lunch spot I've probably tried every burger on that menu. They even have a decent steak for what it is. Shutters Bar- The bar to hang out and chat, not if your parched and need a drink fast. The long bar is staffed by two bartenders and takes a while to get a drink.iBar- Right in the middle of things, loungy feel welcome your friends as the make it through the hotel's main entrance.Masquerade Bar- More of a dive bar feel even though though it's inside a hotel, weird I know. Overlook people playing slots or making their way in and out of the Masquerade tower.Ozone Oxygen Bar- Didn't try this but just made note they added it this year, getting hooked up like someone's grandpa with emphysema isn't appealing.  Do sign up for the Total Rewards Card, if you plan on dining at the hotel often you can save a buck or two with every meal. Also try and get a room upgrade whenever possible too, you never know what's open. I ended up with a ridiculous room that had a "living-room" area and whirlpool for cheap, totally unnecessary for just two people but hey Vegas.
4	Venue: Rio All Suites Hotel & CasinoDecor: Red, Purple, Blue(ish) Service:  Decent Environment:  A Younger Vegas Food:  Different venues (Whopper Bar, Village Seafood buffet) Prices:  Not too bad Debbie Downers:Perhaps it needs to be on the strip but then again off the strip isn't too bad depending how you look at it. Conclusion:  Great thing it is right off I-15 on Flamingo.  Plentiful parking, decent entertainment venue, rooftop lounge (Voodoo) overseeing the skyline.  Huge Pool area.  It is an above average hotel & casino for your food, lodging and entertainment needs.  Carries multiple of shows.  Options between the Masquerade Tower or Ipanema.  A viable option to stay if you choose to stay off the strip.   Overall: B
4	The Rio is really great for what you pay for.  I've stayed here multiple times, and will certainly be back.  BUT, I think they need to start checking the rooms to make sure everything works from time to time.  The desk lamp with charging station was inoperative (no light, no plugs worked); 3 out of 5 lamps in the room had bad bulbs; one lamp had a busted lamp switch; the curtain pull on both curtain and drapes was broken; tub took 20 minutes to drain after my shower.  That said, it's a room and you basically just sleep in it.  The casino is great, the pool area fabulous and restaurants are really great.  The only reason this didn't get 5 stars is because of al the things in the room that didn't work.  So, the Casino, Pool and other amenities get 5 starts from me....but the actual room itself warrants 4 stars.  However, i WILL be going back there so don't let my complaints about the room send you away.  I really like the Rio.  Easy to get to, easy parking, shuttle to/from the strip.....I'l be back!  Oh, and you cant beat the price!
2	The room was beautiful but the beds could be softer. Great view and good AC. TV had less than basic cable, mostly local networks and Cartoon Network. Casino was clean but I wasn't on e offered a drink after several hours of playing. Pools were nice but jacuzzis were pretty dirty and they closed about 6:00 pm. Very odd for a Vegas pool. Here's why it only got two stars. After first day noticed a $100 charge that was explained to be a security deposit. They made no mention of this at check-in. Then on 2nd day nearly $100 more charges of mini bar purchases that I never made. $10 bottle of water and and $55 WiFi charges. WiFi charges! Something that Motel 6 gives you for free! They removed the charges but told me it would take several days for the refunds to hit my bank account. Left town hundreds of dollars poorer not from the slots but from underhanded business practices and charges for things that the most basic budget motels don't charge for.
4	I decided to try something new and book a off the strip hotel. The Rio was the perfect choice. I paid around $26 dollars a night including taxes and resort fees (I do get hotel discounts through my employer.) I arrived at the hotel around noon, check in isn't until four so I opted to pay for early check in for $20... Well worth it to settle in and be able to enjoy the multiple swimming pools. As I was checking in the lady at the front desk told me that my room included $9 per person, per day to use at Starbucks. For me, that was a unbelievable perk! My room was very large, it was a basic suite, had everything that one would need including a fully stocked minibar. Room service could have done a better job getting it prepared for us, but it was clean and comfortable. The actual resort is unbelievable, there are three swimming pools one that is designed to look like the beach complete with a sand bottom, and multiple hot tubs... Plenty of shade and you can watch people zip line over head. The pool wasn't too busy, midweek in September, but the people we met were very friendly. I didn't eat at the restaurants, I opted to have dinner on the strip which is easily accessible via a free shuttle that runs every thirty minutes until one a.m. However the hotel offered many selections and had a very reasonably priced gift shop that sold sandwiches to take on the go. I would stay at the rio again.
2	What were we thinking??Apparently we weren't when we booked what was told to us be a four-star hotel.  Really?  I think 3-star would have been plenty generous.  How can they still call these rooms suites??  The last time I stayed here, the rooms were REAL suites.  And no, it wasn't when I was 10 years old and things maybe seemed bigger when you're smaller.  I was an adult, though a poor college student.  Our room this time was half the size of what a suite should be. What a rip.I call into question the cleanliness of the facilities.  When we arrived we saw a lot of debris in the hallway - our room was at the end so we saw it all.  This included a piece of smashed bread in front of a particular "suite" that stayed there for another day before it was cleaned up.  We woke up the next morning to see a suspicious looking Rio shopping bag in front of our door (prob filled with barf based on the celebratory noises that woke us up in the wee hours) that stayed there for most of the day as well.On top of that, it doesn't appear that there's any security....at other mid-grade hotels, they at least have someone checking room keys before letting you up the elevators.  I guess they assume here, you'd have to be staying here to want to go up to the rooms.  The old adage you get what you pay for is definitely evident here:  early early morning drunken pounding on doors, smelly shower curtains that maintenance never replaced at the behest of THEIR OWN MAIDS, smokey casino and all.
1	Never go to the Rio buffet. Sooooo salty you can't enjoy your food. Disappointed, and 67 dollars short. Sigh... NOBUENO.
4	Samba Rooms Rule!We were staying at the Rio for a week with a comped standard room, and after reading some of the reviews I was a little apprehensive about staying here...to the point that we reserved a room in another hotel for later in the week, in case things went sour. In the end, it was a very pleasant and enjoyable stay at the Rio!We arrived near midnight and didn't have long to wait to check-in. Instead of the standard room we upgraded ourselves to one of the newly renovated Samba rooms in the Masqueraded tower. The room was very nice and very big. Two double beds, a couch, a safe, a minibar and a separate fridge (that came in very handy) and there's a window in the shower...it that looks onto the sleeping and sitting area...curious location for a window.Anyways, we did stay for the whole week and cancelled the other hotel plans. The casino itself was fine and didn't reek of cigarette smoke. I found all staff members, regardless of their position to be very friendly and courteous. The cocktail waitress were lovely and came by frequently asking if we needed any beverages.Prosfast elevators to our floor.hot, hot water for the shower and bath.the shower head was an energy saver shower head, but it was still powerful.Consour room had adjoining room via a locked door...very noisy when someone in the next room is standing near the adjoining door and talking.noisy hallway...you will be wakened from your sleep with people talking in the hallway...glad I brought earplugs....although Ive experience this noise in other Vegas hotels.if your a light sleeper you might hear highway traffic and railway train noise if your room faces the strip.the TV is a nice modern Panasonic, but the signal to the TV in non high-definition and the setting on the TV has the images stretched from their original 4/3 image to a 16/9 image which could not be changed.met other guests in the elevator, on two separate occasions, they were very unhappy with there rooms and were on their way to talk to the front desk.Kleenex and toilet tissue are institutional quality.The vending machine on our floor was charging $5 for a soft drink...really!?Tipswalk over to the Gold Coast Hotel for inexpensive liquor and beer, but first sign up for a loyalty card at the Gold Coast and get 10% off you liquor and beer!walk over to the Gold Coast to gamble, but beware, the cigarette smoke will sting your eyes!cut through the Gold Coast and head over to the Palms Casino to gamble...it has a decent food court and an movie theatre too.there's a small grocery store, Green Valley Grocery, located at the intersection of S Valley View Blvd and Twain Ave...its a 10 minute walk if you want to grab some snacks, juice, bottled water, milk, etc...but do not go there on foot after dark...I noticed few undesirables lurking about...there's also a Chevron, another 10 min walk at E Flamingo/S Arville St.find the Burger King in the Casino and grab some free WIFI, and the two Starbucks might have free WIFI?Take the shuttle to Bally's or the other shuttle to Harrah's...the shuttles leave every 30 minutes from 10 to 1 pm.
4	While this isn't the Bellagio, it is very adequate. I stayed in here on a business trip with 9 of my colleagues and it truly fit the bill and the price was fantastic. TV's were great, but the cable selection being piped in was less than desirable...and not HD. It was super convenient, and I would come back in a minute.
1	These "suites" are horrible. Don't stay here if your expecting a good experience. Slept 2 nights in a hot room and no compensation. I guess that's why a lot of their restaurants have closed. Try closer to the strip.
1	WE FOUND A USED NEEDLE IN OUR ROOM....On August 20th, my family and I drove to Las Vegas for a short trip before my kids went back to school. We decided to stay at the Rio Hotel resort and Casino. While we were there, we had a great time. The pool was nice, the concierge was very professional and the Voodoo Zip-lining was amazing. As our trip was drawing to a near end, the last day we were there, we discussed extending our trip and staying the weekend. As we browsed the internet to check availability, my three year old daughter walks up to me and hands me an exposed needle. I quickly but carefully take the needle from her hand and ask if she was hurt by it and she reluctantly said no. I then proceeded to secure the item and checked my kids for any bruising or traces of blood. I ask my daughter where she got the needle and she told me it was in the couch. I couldn't believe a needle was in the crevasses of the couch in which my kids were playing on and jumping on. Keep in mind, we had already been staying there a few days and I thought to myself and said, "If they missed a needle, what else could they have missed". I began to search the rest of the room for anything else out of the ordinary.I was infuriated and called the front desk to speak with a manager. I spoke with a manager and her name was Rosana. I explained to her what happened and expressed how upset we were with how irresponsible the cleaning staff was to miss something as dangerous as a needle. The manager apologized for the incident and we had to make a report of the incident however everyone involved acted like it wasn't a big deal. The supervisor that came to our room picked up the needle and walked out with it, no plastic baggie, nothing. Then another guy came to our room to collect the needle and we said it had already been taken care of. Then he came back a while later because he needed a report. It seemed that no one knew the proper procedures to take place for an incident like this and took about another hour and a half of our time while we were trying to leave. Considering the risk and that this is a safety issue and what could have happened, I would have thought they would try to be more apologetic or at least try to offer some type of compensation to try to earn my business back. It made me sick to my stomach to think that my kids could have been hurt or killed by this exposed needle. We don't know whose needle that was or what they did with it before it arrived as our roommate. We have decided to never stay at the Rio or any of its affiliates. Not to mention the large collection of dust and debris on top the TV stand and on the carpet that looked like it wasn't cleaned for an exceptionally long time, and no one acted like this needle thing was a big deal. Overall, Rio will never have my business and will never be a place my family and I will stay. I can say that our experience at the Rio will scar our memories as well as give us another reason not to go to Las Vegas for a vacation.
2	We just stayed here and not to happy with this hotel.  Went to the Pool and it was freezing during Sept and everything is over priced. Customer service workers do not care about their guest. Ordered a tuna sandwich and they gave us wrong order we were charged $17.  No drink or side included told we could order something else so played safe ordered a hamburger and there is a difference in pay. I told them and she said she would have to get manager over a hamburger we felt like we were not  treated as a guest but that we were bothering them. During lunch:eating the worker told us to go the cashier and that Mgr wanted to speak to usthat he would give us $2.00. Unbelievable service !. After a day of spending money on drinks and a expensive bag of chips. Manager was very rude& didn't care & I told him.  Gambling at their tables and machines and never winning once between the both of us.  Very strange hmmm.. We r not ur penny gambling people Say no to the Rio...Anyways next day we went to older part of Vegas and gambled and won nice people than our own hotel we made the best out of ur trip by just sleeping there and going to other casinos we wont be coming back to the Rio they do not care about their guest. 9/12 to 9/14 was our stay...unwelcoming stay....they want every penny and don't care if u return or not ....!
1	We arrived here this Monday. For a mini honeymoon as we just got married two days ago. We went to get a players club card at total rewards. I got my card no problem. Then my husband walked up and he had never received a card there before so the employee Paul (I believe) explained the benefits to him. Then he said if you get the late night munchies if you know what I mean you can get a discount. I said excuse me and he said yeah I smell it all over you guys. I said are you accusing is of smoking weed? I said yes I smell it too but that is NOT my husband. We are drug free!!! Just married ready to start a family. Are you kidding. I spoke to the total reward manager who defended the employee before apologizing. We will gladly take a drug test. My husband is black and was the only black person in line. I think he was definitely racial profiling. The manager apologize and sent us on our way. When I started to cry he then added 25 dollars comp on my husbands card. WowWhat an awful experience and way to start my 4 night stay. I will never choose them again.
5	This was our 2nd time staying here. Love the rooms (spacious), a safe for all your winnings, or losings LoL! Great casino and all amenities within a comfortable distance, and easy access.  The casino is lively, dancers (a MUST see!), Drinks abundant, plenty of slots and great game and video tables. The surroundings: shops, restaurants, all within easy distance from one another. Great buffets. The Voodoo Lounge, is just awesome. This club on the roof has an awesome, breath taking views ."Voodoo Lounge Music Style: Live music, Hip Hop, R & B, and House."  Another Must ...Breakfast or Lunch at THE HASH HOUSE. You won't believe their unique and huge portions (Picture worthy!!)  The CARNIVAL WORLD BUFFET is amazing for dinner!  There is a great variety of eats. Smaller eating venues, reasonably priced, as well. A bit of shopping to soothe your needs surround the casino and interior of the hotel. Huge pool area is equally as good, with several pools to choose from. A walk down sand beach pool, water falls, bar and convenience shop.  BTW: you will always be surrounded by friendly staff!
3	3 Stars at the most would be all that the Rio would get from me! I got a chance to experience the Rio this past weekend that my cousins visited for the Mayweather fight weekend! This hotel was only chose because it was apart of a package that was booked via expedia I believe. Even though I know we checked in on a insanely busy weekend I feel that's no excuse to have less than enough staff working the front desk to check in the guest. We stood in line for at least 45 mins no lie... Anyways to add insult to injury as soon as we get to the front a girl behind the desk tell us "oh I'm not taking anybody else right now sorry.. Then we go back to the front of the line only for another representative to walk away from their window as well?? wtf where is the customer service around here? After check in was complete on our way up to the room that was located on the 3rd it was alllllll the way at the end if the hall '___' if you are looking to do Vegas on a budget this place is good however be prepared to have your walking shoes ready because it's located OFF the strip you will need to take a taxi because it's too hot to be walking any long distances in Vegas! The carnival buffet is good but it's not the best..
3	I've stayed here on a couple different occasions. Once a long time ago when the Village Buffet was hot. Another time for an all girl weekend excursion.  My last stay was for a convention. I love... The pool. It has a beachy sand area so it makes you feel like you're some place tropical- but not really. It kind of reminds me of the Mirage. Eating at the bar top of Bizou (seafood restaurant) wasnt bad. The rooms are nice and pretty clean. Ive slept on the pull out couch before which isnt as comfy. I like my rooms cold so i had to turn the AC to 65 degrees.The crowd here is much different from what you would expect at....The Cosmo for instance. It's a mix.Perk? A shuttle runs every 1/2 hour and will take you to Bally's or Harrahs. Go to the back of thd building pass the valet. There are signs indicating which waiting area is for what.
3	After, escalating my incident further from my last review I have to bring them back up to a 3. If I didn't have to complain and escalate my issue myself rather then them taking care if it right away I would have giving them a 4. After my complaint I gave to say that they have taken care of the employee, as well as my husband and I. Good1. Pool is amazing 2. Rooms are huge 3. Both buffets Bad1. No coffee in rooms2. Poor customer service at total rewards (but was taken care of after some persistence)  3. No 24/7 cafe. No late night meals. Like good breakfast deals.
1	I took my daughter here for her 21st birthday and what a mistake I made!!! We rented two rooms and to begin with the carpets were filthy in the room and hallways, one room the sofa a ripped lining which hung on the floor. The alarm clock made this really weird humming noise and I had to unplug the makeup mirror was broken and had no light as well as the base was broken so it listed to one side. When you flushed the toilet the outside sink gurgled for a few minutes. I asked for two non-smoking rooms and one stunk of cigarette smoke.I stayed at the Rio for three days and one of my rooms was not cleaned for two consecutive days. When I called housekeeping they tried to say that we were in the room too long in the morning but we were up and out by 11AM each day. The Rio has two pools one with a waterfall and another that is heated were kid mainly enough themselves. This pool was absolutely disgusting. The white tile had a filthy black ring around it. Once I returned home I completed a survey sent to me by the Rio and I heard nothing but once I posted a review such as this one on Trip Advisor I was contacted by the Total Rewards depart offering me an upgraded room the next time I visited. This tells me that they in fact had cleaner and better maintained rooms if you pay extra, otherwise you get filth, no housekeeping services and tattered furniture. I would have to be out of my mind to throw good money behind bad. Keep in mind that the Rio "All Suites" Hotel and Casino is owned by Caesars Entertain who also own Caesars Palace, Paris, Bally the Quad and a number of other "Strip" properties. It's clear to me that the Rio is there "Ghetto" property where they clip poor unsuspecting tourists who are trying to save a few dollars while on vacation. Since my return I have done extensive research on this property and the vast majority of the negative reviews are consistent with the property being a poorly maintained dump. Don't believe the glitz and glamour that you see on the Discovery Channel this place truly sucks and management knows about it. BUYERS BEWARE!!!!
4	I'd like to edit my previous response though the registration line was stupid long and not cool.  Guess it was rush hour in there?It actually was a pretty good time and the view of the strip was deluxe. Wish I'd eaten at their steakhouse with the panoramic view.  Shower head was mad confusing though, the geriatric head spouted water all over me and the floor which resulted in unexpected wetness.You know where this hotel would kick total ass? Atlantic City.  It can't compete in Vegas as everything in Vegas is so over the top, but if you're cool with standard stylings, large rooms, and plenty of weekend potential to visit other places, this place will do you well at their generous price point.Power plugs are behind the mattress, ladies and gents.
1	I have NEVER had such a horrible experience at a hotel. First strike, I tried to check in with two different front desk employees and they had the worst costumer service they were very rude, smart remarks, and were not helpful at all! they charged me for 3 reservations. I asked two different front desk employees to cancel them, they said it was cancelled. I later speak to a manager and she had to cancel because the reservations were still there. One a good note I was refunded for the 2 reservations. Employees were quick to throw this situation to their manager because they were lazy and did not want to handle the situation. I was unable to check in until I finally spoke to a manager. The rooms were not bad; however the cleanliness of the hotel I rate a 4 on a 10 scale. Game employees didn't have the best customer service, they also seemed rude and unhappy to be working, weren't polite. Lastly, it took 1 hour for bell service to finally come up and get my bags. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless you're on a serious budget.
4	I like this casino even though it took eons in the valet line before we got up to the attendant.  We were like this place is busier than ceasar's & Bellagio.  We came to see the MJ Live show & stayed afterwards for drinks & tried our luck on the tables.  The Beatles lounge & the others are nice.  And, more importantly, lots of hot chicks eye candy.
5	In 2012 I was working in Las Vegas every other week, so I got to try almost every hotel in Vegas... I loved the Rio... except its proximity to anything. People always say its just off the strip... technically ok, but it is across a freeway over the strip. I love the food options and have no complaints whatsoever... we even go to their seafood buffet when we aren't staying there.I booked a room and I guess they overbooked rooms and was upgraded to a suite!! WHAT!?!?!?! And the suite was beautiful. I was sad I was there for work and not with hubby... that huge room all alone for a week :( but no complaints.I highly recommend this hotel.
1	Highly disappointed. First thing was you have to pay $13.00 per day for wifi. WTH???? The hooker hotels have free wifi and I'm not dropping $$$$$'s there and a $40 breakfast. Second. Put A/C down to very cold. Never got below 80. I've been in way better rooms for the money. Not a place I'd go out if my way to stay at again. Here for 3 days so far and have not heard one alarm or people yelling as if they were winners. This place is tighter than a frogs butthole.
2	Needs a serious cleaning,  we stayed there because of the convention.  So at least it was free.   The shower doors have mold. Restaurants are way overpriced. You can go to the strip and get far cheaper food.  I would never pick this hotel for a vacation. In the restaurant, you can not substitute at all.  So customer unfriendly.
2	Let's see where to start.. First if you decide you want to get clean after arriving into town you might want to try a better place because their sowers are horrible. Sprinkles ate much better then this shower. Secondly i booked a room for 3 nights at a rate of 47$ a night so around 160$ total. A friend of mine booked a month and a half in advance due to attending the 5linx conference and paid 637$ for the 3 nights. Being told they were getting the best rates because the convention was extremely big and so many people from this company booked with them and it was supposedly the best rate around until she seen how much we paid. Pricing needs to be fixed because this is outrageous tripled the price. Third when calling house keeping expect to wait 30 minutes to and hour for anything, and that is even if u are able to get through to them. This was the worst place to stay even for the price. Away from the strip and being a 4 start hotel i could have stayed at a 5 star.  Don't recommend unless it's very convenient.
1	Not impressed. With all the casino options in Vegas, go elsewhere. We stayed at the Rio because that was where the convention was. When we made the reservation we had upgraded to a king size bed and a room with a view (weeks before arriving) but when we arrived we were told that none were available because they don't hold single bed rooms, but that the next day we could switch rooms and that they would call us. Check in took close to 20 minutes. The next day we didn't receive a phone call. The room was good size and the big windows were a saving grace because the room wasn't super clean and the carpet had a bunch of stains. The shower head would sting your skin it was so strong and there was no happy medium. The room does NOT have a microwave. And by day 3 I called the front desk because I couldn't take the fridge completely FREEZING any food put in there. Luckily the maintenance man arrived within minutes and took only seconds to fix. It took longer trying to thaw my food...Huge annoyance... expect to pay for wifi and the gym facilities unless you pay extra because these items are NOT included in the price of the room. Also no outside food delivery are allowed inside the hotel. So be prepared to walk to the front entrance to pick it up.
3	So, my room was Hideous.  Forest Green naugahyde tufted headboard and drapes that were a throw back to the 70-80's...Really?   Perhaps the rooms in the Masquerade tower have not yet been renovated?   On a positive spin, Loved the Casino, the games were great!   And the restaurants were also very good.  Really liked the Grill and the Dim Sum place was Bar-None.  Will definitely come back for a visit to the casino but will most likely stay at another hotel, the pics on the website are very deceptive.
4	stayed a few years ago and thanks to the "amentaties" i am now a married woman to a man who has been my best friend since I was 19.  Yes, there are those days i feel one of us should pack a bag and go back (j/k) but while we had a wonderful time i felt the carpets were dated and the entertainment was almost sub-par for what vegas has to offer.
1	Please improve the cleanliness of your rooms and sanitize your hotel. We need better customer service who can pay more attention to a customer's CONCERN without giving me attitude in what SHE CAN DO FOR ME. I asked for the hotel manager that night because the house keeping grave yard "manager" in charge that Friday night, October 4th, AM in the morning, was not compliant as I expected her to be. I found a cockroach in my room next to my HEAD on the couch! She said there was nothing they can do to make my stay better other than sending a house keeper to come up to KILL the roach.  She did not offer me a better room nor did she address my concern or offer any sort of compensation or upgrade until I requested for the Hotel Manager and made our conversation awkward because I kept asking her, "are you serious? there's nothing you can do?!". When I called front desk about it, all they did was inform me that housekeeping is on their way. Housekeeping took 15 minutes to reach my room and by that time, I had to kill it before it reached my bags and luggage because it started to walk downwards off the wall to the carpet! This made me think how unsanitary this place is! We walk barefoot on the carpet.  We sit on the carpet. How do you know if these cockroaches laid eggs or laid droppings on the beds, carpet and the fact that they can crawl into my luggage in the middle of the night is absolutely disturbing! I do not need to bring cockroaches home and infest my whole house because of RIO's cockroach situation! We were on the 3rd floor! Can you imagine how large of an infestation of cockroaches you have on the first floor in your kitchens and restaurants! I eat at those restaurants! I have been a loyal customer to RIO since I can last remember and this type of situation and customer service needs to be brought up to Human Resources! Had I not asked for the Hotel Manager, I would have not gotten another room.  The weird thing is it ended up to be the last room down the longest hall ever on the 14th floor. Was that a coincidence or on purpose because I found a cockroach in your room? The Hotel Manager should have given us a Suite or some sort to make me forget what I experienced.  Either way, thank YOU to the hotel manager who gave us a new room (I will ignore the fact that it was the last room on the hall).  As for the GRAVE YARD "HOUSE KEEPING MANAGER" that night, you need a GOOD COACHING or WRITE UP for being the most unfriendly MANAGER at RIO!  I will post this on social media sites thanks to you!!
1	There may have been a time when the Rio was a decent place to stay. Based on my experiences the past four years, this was a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. It's convenient to stay there during the Star Trek convention, but every time I have problems that make my stay miserable.This past trip (August 2014):We learned that the bartenders at Shutters and Masquerade were rounding up charges! For example, if you got a receipt with your beer, it showed $7.11 .. but they charged $7.25 or $7.50. Long story short, I worked my way up to their SVP of Legal who said it was NOT a corporate policy to do this (even though I found out they don't have small coins in the cash drawers ... hmm) and it was an "isolated incident' even though more than two dozen people confirmed my findings. I think they get enough of our money, but to cheat us as well? Reprehensible.1. Tiny closet with four hangars in it.2. Called housekeeping for more hangars, took an hour to arrive, and some didn't fit the closet rack.3. No ashtrays in a smoking room, and when requested, took 90 minutes for them to arrive.4. Air conditioning return duct was clotted with dust and filth (allergies went off the chart as soon after I arrived)5. Overall room is mediocre ... I asked for a great room based on prior year issues, and they gave me a Mountain View King Samba Suite. It looks like it was decorated by a sightless, color blind person. Not the "fabulous" room I was promised.6. They call them suites, but really it is a slightly oversized hotel room with a wall.7. Don't look behind the TV/refrigerator cabinet unless you like viewing dirt and dust from the Reagan years.8. A refrigerator! Great!! Except it froze all the food I put in there.9. Minibar was not serviced before I arrived, and there was a half-eaten Rice Krispie bar in there from the prior tenant.10. "High Speed Wifi" is not what they offer. Speeds are slower that dial up! If you are tech-savvy: I ran a speed test and download speed was 1.5; upload was .75. Yes. POINT SEVEN FIVE!! (Run a speedtest.net on your own and compare.) When I complained they admitted they had to upgrade their system. This is not only atrocious but false advertising - especially as they are aware of the issue.11. Tub stopper brokenThese are just the issues I recall. Basically, unless you are spending less than $50 a night at this property, you are paying too much. I'm  never staying there again.
5	For the value you get it's five stars.  Room is large & well kept, restaurants are decent & off strip cost, pool/spa are very nice.   For $80/night how can you go wrong.
2	We got the Presidential Suite on the 51rst floor for a bachelor party.The room was amazing. 3500+ square feet, private pool on the balcony... amazing view.The reason for the 2 stars is this:1. the sound system was shot- i mean, really shot. We brought our own jambox which covered...2. the service downstairs. we got a few other basic rooms because there were so many of us. they messed up over and over with all the keys.. it was a nightmare.3. they offered a limo to pick us up from the airport with booking the suite. the limo never came, and I had to order a limo last minute.The hotel sucked for nightlife, especially if your in your 20's. The room was amazing, the hotel was crap.I would recommend spending 2k more, and getting a better location.
3	It had been about 10 years since we stayed here. The property has definitely gone downhill in that time. It is a good value for the money; however, you should not expect a 5 star experience. The room was in disrepair. I had to call maintenance within 10 min of our arrival because the safe didn't work. So, I had to hang out and wait for the person to come and fix it. New batteries were all that was needed. Simply having a safe check on the housekeeping checklist would have been all that was needed to avoid this problem. Next things we discovered is the hair dryer in the room didn't work. We called. No one came. We called again. No one came. We found a maid in the hallway, she called. No one came. Finally on the fourth call, a guy came and replaced the hair dryer. He also noticed the outlet was loose in the wall and put in a maintenance request for that as well. One of the mattresses in the room was completely collapsed on one side. I called about that and they offered a room change but could not guarantee the view so we elected to tough it out with the crappy bed. The alarm clock in the room next door started going off about 9pm on the first night of our stay. We called about that. It finally got turned off about 3 hours later. Hard to get kids to bed with an alarm clock going off in the next room. Our alarm clock went off in the middle of the night as well. Seems like someone thought it would be funny to set the alarms clocks to go off. Not the hotel's fault on that issue. The pool area is in an extreme state of deferred maintenance. The concrete around the edge of their sandy beach pool was cracking and the chicken wire underneath was exposed and sharp edges were visible. The material under the sand was also exposed and creating a trip hazard. We still had a good stay. The kids loved the place and didn't notice any of these issues. This is an aging property which has not been well maintained over the years. I talked to a manager about all these issues and she said she's give us a late checkout the next day and credit our account $50 for the trouble. When I went to check out the $50 had not been applied, so I had to call and talk with another manager. She increased the credit to about $60 to cover all the "resort fees". They charge a $24/day resort fee for the wifi (which works very poorly) and the fitness center which is also in great need of updating. All-in-all a successful stay at the Rio. Get a strip view room. Without the great view, there is absolutely NO reason to stay here.
4	Very nice accommodations.  But it just absolutely fries my cackles that they provide s beautiful keurig  coffeemaker, HOWEVER, the coffee packets are in the mini bar, thus you incur an additional charge should you desire a coffee at rise and shine time.  WTF!!  They just proved to be complete a-holes!  I may stay again, but I will bring my own coffee.  Dicks. That's why I prefer a Holiday Inn Express that actually appreciates my business.
4	Stayed 2 comp'd nights at the Rio Oct 6 & 7 (mon & tues).  This was our 2nd time at the hotel.    Check-in line was about 8 deep at 730pm.  Line moved quickly  as there were about 6 associates working.  Janeesa cheerfully checked us in with enthusiasm and made us feel welcomed.  Rooms are beautiful, very roomy and room service is great (Creme Brulee-is deeeelish).  Being that the rooms are mini-suites, it offsets the fact that you are not on the strip.  However there is a shuttle that runs to and from the strip-we didn't use it though.  The casino has a wide variety of games, poker room is rather small for WSOP hotel, but does the job.  Drink service is slow-after 11pm on the casino floor-can't speak to any other time, because I tend to only gamble after 11pm.  They have a wide variety of shops, sundry store is open 24 hours, the one located by the Ipanema towers (which are closer to the front).  No arcade for kids.  Nice pool area though. Note: 2 queen beds cost more per night.  Nice property to stay, didn't come across any "street people", felt safe and secured.  Overall mood of the casino was OK.
4	I have stayed at many a hotel in my life in Las Vegas. Each one notable within the time frame and age.  But I have to tell you about the Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino. This was probably the best stay I have had in a long time. The rooms were large, updated, clean and comfortable. A nice choice of restaurants to meet every budget. A nice ambiance and feeling amongst the staff. Located away from the strip, but for those who want to be a part of the bustle, a free shuttle is available every half hour. The pool area is inviting, including a sandy beach. Plus, was able to actually go home with winnings in my pocket. I will definitely stay there the next time around.
3	A large room that could use some updating. The hotel isn't bad for the price. If your going to stay here make sure it's a good deal for the price they add on in the resort fee there is better options.
2	Stayed here because there was a festival I was going to and this was where the shuttle pick up and drop off was so I thought - convenient! For being right off the strip, the prices of mediocre food was high - I get it, there aren't many choices, doesn't mean you have to gouge your customers at every chance. I prepaid my room and then I came to find out there's an additional 'resort fee.' Rooms are ok at best. Just find a place on the strip, this place is not worth the hassle or the price.
4	Convention time.Twice a year I go to a Safety Convention run by our insurance company. Our group has grown steadily. 10 years ago we were the 7th company to join, today there are 200 companies. Being so big, we need a big place. This years venue the Rio Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada. It's a big hotel, able to accommodate a group like ours (about 150 participants). Our group was the small one. Another group had over 1,000 participants. Yikes. The Room:800 sq ft in area. The beds were comfortable. Bathroom was clean. Living area had a sofa and a work desk. Flat screen TV, mini bar, refrigerator, safe, hair dryer,  iron & ironing board were the amenities they had in the room. All in all, a nice place to relax after a long day of work. The Convention:Big rooms to accommodate us. We had breakfast and lunch catered by the hotel. The food was good, but nothing special. It is a long long walk to get to the convention area from the hotel. The RestaurantsThe Rio has quite a few of them. They have 2 buffets. The famous Carnival buffet and the Seafood buffet. I've tried both and they are both very good.Martorano's is an Italian restaurant. We had our group dinner here and food was great. It's served family style so it good for a group. They also have a dim sum (KJ Chinese Dim Sum), Indian (Royal India Bistro), seafood (Buzios), breakfast (Hash House A Go Go) & steak (Voo Doo Steak House) restaurants inside the Rio. The CasinoAll the casino games you expect. They also have a sports book area to bet on games. The Rio is off the Strip. They offer 2 free shuttles to their sister casinos on the Strip. One goes to Bally's and the other one goes to Harrah's. There is a return shuttle from both of those casino back to the Rio. It operates every half hour. I really enjoyed my time here. The convention space was huge. The room are nice and clean. The restaurant inside the hotel were a plenty. The casino area was vibrant and fun. A Las Vegas experience indeed.
4	great hotel. the breakfast ham steak is the best I've ever had. large portions and they even cook your eggs perfectly in olive oil if requested. daily maid service is prompt and friendly. rooms are always nice with kuerig coffee makers in room. pool is nice too. 3 stars as I wish they would offer free wifi & get better air circulation for the smoking.
2	Everytime I come to vegas I stay at one of the ceasars properties. The rio has always been good cause the room as pretty big and usually pretty nice. I upgraded to the so called samba luxury suite. Don't waste your money, get the regular suite. All they have done to this room is put a couple of colorful pictures up, changed the carpet and a new headboard. When I put my clothes away the closet door would not open and there was trash inside the dressers. Check in was not very friendly, but I think it was just that person cause everyone else in the property was really nice. This property is off the strip but they do have a free shuttle. Overall it was an ok stay and I would stay again. I just wouldn't be paying the extra for the samba room.
2	Came here for a convention during the week for my job.  For how big it was and how much money was spent, it was very disappointing! I was shocked to discover it was an add'l $13.99 a night for Wifi and $24 if you wanted to use other amenities' like the spa and gym.  Maybe I am spoiled but I have always found it to be a given. My coworker and I got rooms across the hall from each other.  She says hers smelled funny.  I thought maybe it was because we were on the smoking floor but no, it did smell funny.  It smelled like a mixture of stale smoke and sewer.  As a matter of fact several parts of the casino had that sewer smell esp out by the shuttle area.  She tried it out and couldn't take it so asked for another room the next morning.  They said she would have to wait til 3pm when the rooms were cleaned but before 6pm before they get all checked out.  WTF???  so we couldn't go anywhere and that was our only free night. Then the room itself was pretty beat up that they seem to find acceptable.  While the AC worked well, it was extremely loud and noisy.  Not a hum but a rattling that kept waking me up when it would kick on.   My flat screen TV was visibly crooked with wires hanging all about. I tried to straighten it but it was stuck there crooked.  The lamp was cracking.  Furniture edges were worn/chipped.  The shower has two vertical nozzles that 'once' had a cover and now its these two rubber things protruding from the wall.  Looked awful.   It is off the strip but they offer a shuttle to go to their sister properties on the strip Ballys or Harrahs.  Both properties are pretty far from the Luxor or Stratosphere.  The food here is very expensive if you just want a small bite to eat.  Even the burger king was pricey if you want to spend $7 for a whopper.   The only positive that this hotel has going for them is the size of the room is very spacious and the gaming had a decent variety.  I would never stay here voluntarily again.  They also nickel and dimed our company for silly charges after bringing in over 1000 ppl in attendance.  We did go back to another person to try and get my friend a room replacement earlier rather than later and she was very helpful and friendly and why I am giving 2 stars and not 1.   See my pics!
5	Pleasantly pleased with this hotel! Got a great price last minute and my room was huge!! Pretty big bathroom and sectional in my room with partial view of the strip! Couldn't beat this at $38 a night! Very easy to get too and the front desk was very nice! Def recommend.
3	I like the Rio, it's clean and kept nice, but the only thing that kills it for me each time I stay here is that it's a bit far from the strip. I know they've got their shuttle service and all, but when you're a drunken bum, having to walk or take a cab back to your hotel could be a bit of a buzzkill sometimes. The actual place itself is great!  My only complaint is the location itself, which really is NOT that far away from the strip, but not being able to do what I want right away is what I just find inconvenient.
5	I stayed at the Rio this past summer with my best friend for her birthday.We paid a great amount for a Friday and Saturday night strip facing room.The room was awesome, call me simple but I loved the big suite, huge couch and giant windows with a strip view.We had a blast, no problems with staff, our room or anything else.Will definitely stay here again soon!
2	Second year here. Elevators still do not work and the front desk doesn't.have their act together. Expect long lines at check in and long waits at the elevator.
5	Want to say thank you to Mary the hotel mgr at the rio I came in late we'd night  had major issue wallet gone my rooms were comped but I had no money for deposit or resort fees she still checked me in treated me with respect and dignity shout out to chasers entertainment that deal with people and not just policies me and family stay here all the time anyway thank you rio for your loyalty to your guest I will always be a total reward player please everyone stay with these people and when at rio say hello to Mary thanks Mary
1	After many years as a loyal Caesers property  visitor I can say with 100 percent honesty this will be the last time!!!  Having just stayed 5 nights at the Rio I am so disappointed. From the elevators not working to the keys not working to the water completely stopping while I was full of soap (for a full 5 minites) in the shower I've had enough. I took my very valid complaints to the front desk at checkout, well unless you are a platinum or higher total rewards member forget it!!!!  My friends had less valid complaints and because they are platinum they were pretty much compt for their entire stay as well as getting a limo ride to the airport. We tried to use the fitness center and were told it is 12.50 if you aren't paying resort fees which I was because it's manditory for Gold level members. The whole experience was very demeaning they continued to make us feel like we were not as important as our fellow travelers from check in where we couldn't have rooms close to each other again no platinum level or higher. They did however take off $88 for our trouble. Wow I didn't expect to get my whole stay free but they didn't even care! Crazy since I actually paid for our room and lost alot of money there. Live and Learn! One star for the $88 comp
1	Old and run down. The bath tub and sinks don't drain right and you stand in your own water in the shower. Also some nice red duck tape to hold the carpet down in this room. Thanks for rolling out the red carpet for us Rio! We over paid for this room and when we voiced our concerns they waived our resort fee. The Rio is not wort the money you think you will save staying off the strip...
4	I went to Vegas for the first time for my bday weekend and it was amazing!! I stayed at this hotel and I can say my stay was pleasant. Neither did my boyfriend, cousins or I have any problems while our stay here. The bed was comfortable and the sheets as well. The room was pretty cheap too, altogether it was about $300 (2 nights). It wasn't all glamorous of course but I think for the price it was decent. The bathroom was clean and so was the area where I got all dolled up! ;) Few things I didn't like was that the snacks and drinks they offer in a lil fridge are too expensive. $5 for a can of soda or a snickers? $10 for nuts? That's ridiculous! Of course one can take their own snacks but I just thought i'd mention that. Another thing is the housekeeping. On Saturday morning we woke up at 7 (yes, i know, it's early lol) and were out of the hotel room by 8 am. We went and explored the strip, had some breakfast, went shopping and didn't get back to the hotel until about 4 pm. As we walk to our rooms we see the house cleaners' utilities there and we are like "Wow, they are barely cleaning?" Neither my cousins' or our room were even cleaned!!! This is why it loses a star. I mean I would think they would have done this in the morning. My boyfriend and I even ate at my cousins room, we chilled for about an hr or so and our room was not cleaned yet and no one had gone to their room to check if we still needed the cleaning. We finally went back to our own room and as soon as we got comfortable enough to take a nap after a long day of walking there's a knock on the door. "Housekeeping" Seriously? At that point we just declined it because we were too tired. That is the only "bad" experience we had. Other than that, our stay here was pleasant!
1	Is there a minus 5 star review because that's what I would give to them! DO NOT STAY AT RIO!!!!! I have been coming to Vegas for years & years & never in a million years I would encounter something like this!We stayed at room 12004 & we  noticed the smell of odor coming from the hallway, our neighbors told us that they had been complaining but they did nothing.We came back to the room around 2:30 am & got woken up by the itch sensation & that's when we saw some crawling bugs on the beds that we slept in. I freaked out crying because It was all over my body (my leg & arms). I called the front desk & they sent the security up to our room. He provided us with bio hazard bags to put our clothes in. We left all of our belongings & got out of there, only to wait for hours. The managers at the front desk didn't seem that surprised when we told her, offered another room but we didn't want to stay there....not EVER again. We lost everything we brought, only the clothes we wear...& bumps all over my body. They only offered $50 to get a couple clothes to wear in the gift shop where average clothes are around $40-$100!!!!!!!! Las Vegas for I have come here so many many times! It really bothers me that they think this is a normal thing & even mentioned "Even WYNN Hotel has them!" WOW!!!!!
2	Charged A Resort Fee But No Services Were Provided   I was charged a resort fee of $24.64 for staying at the Rio All-Suite Hotel & Casino.  However, the resort area, swimming pool etc, was not open on the date.  The sign outside of the pool area says it will not be open for the whole season.  How can they close the pool area and still think that charging a resort fee is fair?  I also stayed at Golden Nugget and had no problem paying their resort fee.  The room I got at Rio was ok.
4	Nice clean modern rooms. Great views. Take advantage of the shuttle system. Had a great time during my stay at the Rio.
3	It's an a nice casino with some great shows to watch and one of the main venues for the WSOP
4	Rio hotel is a nice hotel. Rooms are bigger than the hotels in old Downtown. Bathroom is nice, but the only thing that annoyed me was our room phone kept ringing at night. My husband answered the phone thinking it was the desk, but it was some kids prank calling. Rude & disrespectful. Other than that our stay was okay.
5	I got a full body massage here at the Rio Spa....wow Dexter the man with the golden hands.   That massage was probably the best massage I've had so far.  If in Vegas treat yourself to a Massage by Dexter.  You will not be disappointed.  Let's not forget the awesome  staff that works in the spa.  The attendants are on point. Excellent  customer service all around.
3	Here's the Rio:Great value (if crashing is all you're doing here).Hard to find a spot so connected to all the places you'll want to go, without having to pony up for the "cool tax."  But if you're paying north of 100 bucks a room = not worth it.*Room was a suite and it was nice!Irrelevant facility.Nothing really going on here.  Pool is lame sauce, bunk club, etcetera.Staff is great.Ricky at the front desk was on point.  Everybody was nice, that's all yo really want in a spot - for them not to get in the way of your stay.  Everyone seems to make the most of their "Off Broadway" status.*Breakfast at Hash House is a must.Highlight of the spot.Only bummer: the ventilation on the casino floor during peak weekend hours is brutal if you're a non smoker.
1	Wow almost made me cry for being a good customer. I was playing their electronics craps machine, the machine would not let me clear my beat or cash out my money. An employee passing by and I asked for help, he was short and said press that button (collect) it miraculously worked.  My husband though it was me not machine so I tried playing again this time with a smaller bill as I didn't want to risk loosing too much money. It happened again. I gave up playing and after several games the machine let me collect my money. I just realized they don't let u take out ur money unless u loose!!!!Steve D., gambling Manager, comes over without being called and asked what the problem; I was surprised as no one called him. When my husband and both tries to explain, this tone got nasty! I was so embarrassed! It was only $3 each hand that had been lost that I could take out. I never asked for it, I didn't ask for him yet when we tell him what he doesn't want to hear belittles customers. I have spent thousands as a customer and they lost me over Steves tone. Everyone in the machine was in shock over his tone. Never coming back!
3	Sort of a basic hotel that is off strip - a bit older of an offering with a smaller casino layout that is pretty easy to navigate through Restaurants in the hotel are pretty basic, there are 2 different Starbucks to keep traffic to a minimum - I have not stayed here, but I am here once a year for the national go-kart race that is in the parking lot each year -- which will be changing to a different location in 2015...The main attraction for the Rio is the buffet which gets very crowded when there are larger conventions or events going on at the casino - to which I have not been impressed with the food all that much. The Casino can get smokey and is probably not the best place for kidsAll in all - a cheaper off strip hotel probably one of the few originals that are left from the early 90's that came at the time right before the strip expanded past the mafia ran casinos that were torn down for what is there today.
4	Thanksgiving week, we had what I think was the smallest suite a 600 sq. ft. But for two XXL guys, this was more than adequate! We had a nice writing desk, a sofa, a nice bathroom and two sinks. Enough light to do a close shave, newer aircon system, wireless internet.
1	12 months later, and the Rio flatly denied any responsibility for my illness, and subsequent hospital visit that I still owe $1000 on. It's disgusting that they all but called me a liar.  Their own security wheeled me to a waiting to car, throwing up the entire way. I was nowhere else in Las Vegas my entire trip, and did not eat outside the hotel even once.Sad, because we had made the Rio our Christmas family getaway for the last two years. As the season approaches, we aren't making reservations at The Rio.Shame on you guys.
4	Awesome hotel! I knew it was all suites, but haven't stayed here in a while. Got the basic room, and it was ever so spacious with a fridge, big living room area, desk, huge bed, and enormous bathroom with separate door and sink for the toilet and shower. Best of all... a fully stocked Keurig coffee maker (rare these days in Vegas with most greedy hotels pulling coffee makers out to force you to go downstairs to their Starbucks in the lobby for coffee). Front desk service was also superb. Yeah it's not on the strip but who cares... they have a quick and easy frequent shuttle taking you to all the action for free. The "resort fee" kinda sucks... but you get FREE WI-FI, so really it's not that bad I guess. If not for that resort fee I would have given 5 stars for sure!
4	Awesome service and clean rooms. I wouldn't mind staying here again. I didn't like the carnival buffet though. I heard it was world class buffet, maybe on a world I have yet to visit. Congealed macaroni a cheese and old sushi is not my idea of world class. And the whole meal certainly wasn't worth $32.00. Other than the awful food, especially the over-price Chinese restaurant across the way, my stay was great. Will be staying there again and soon.
1	The hot water in the shower took 30 mins. It was so bad. I complained about that and they still didn't do anything
1	Concerning the shooting of armed robber in hotel on Dec. 7...Hotel operations, not interrupted? My daughter was staying at the hotel and was trampled by a panicked crowd, she was treated by a squeamish hotel EMT who said, her forehead gushing blood was making him nauseous! The hotel did not make sure she was taken to the ER and they had to take their own cab! The hotel did not bother to check on her or her friends who were also in the middle of the chaos.  Were they treated so poorly because they were young adults? She happened to be staying at this hotel because her Friend was celebrating his last USMC ball as an active duty Marine! Thanks for making it memorable for them, the staff could have shown a little compassion and offered some kind of assistance!Sincerely, Mary CarterOrlando, Fl
3	I've been at the Rio a couple of times and no matter how hard I try, I'll probably never love it. it's not that it's bad place to stay when you're in Vegas, but the whole place could really use a major overhaul, especially the suites themselves.I used to stay here for trade shows once or twice a year and if you're lucky, you can get a good value on the room. But as soon as something is happening at the Rio itself, better look elsewhere. This summer, I found rooms at the Four Seasons (!) for a cheaper price than a stay at the Rio during a conference - and that's another level of service and ambiance altogether.Again: As a cheap place to crash? Sure. As an actual "nice place" to spend your time, keep looking. Vegas has more to offer.
4	It's ok. Nice rooms, but a club on the 30 something floor going all night??? I'd stay again. Food was good at the deli at 2am. Nice location off the strip.
3	This hotel is one of the older ones but it's clean and the rooms on the high floors have great views .It's has shops and great pools with sand . So the pool are nice if you have children.
1	The Rio is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in Las Vegas.  The rooms are old, dirty and outdated.  I may have been able to deal with that, however, the shower head was the worst.  You could not take a shower due to the extreme pressure ( in one steady stream).  When I called to move rooms, I was told we could.  After packing  all of my stuff, I was moved to the same room, with the same horrible shower head.  Never again......
5	Great service to match the great resort fee room rate.  I recomnend the Rio Hotel and Casino to anyone that likes to stay closed to strip without actually staying on it.  Rooms are spasious and modern.  I would come back anytime.  got to see the MJ show which was grand
3	Lined up to adjusted expectations. Adjust your expectations to a 3 star casino off the strip that is older and you pretty much have the Rio. It was comfortable and fairly clean. Black Jack tables were ok limits were pretty high for the odds and some decent craps tables. Rooms were ok at the Samba tower. One plus was spa access was open with the resort fee. One minus was the steam room was closed for repair and jet in hot tub the same. I almost got the feeling they were closed for good or for staff convenience. Tip if you like Pho, Pho Da Nang served the best Pho I have ever had.
2	Slightly outdated, but large rooms.ROOM:My friend booked the regular queen suite.  All rooms are suites so our room was huge.  In addition to the two queen beds, there was a living room area and a long counter space which also served as the bathroom vanity and included an in room safe and mini fridge.  Our room was clean but fixtures are clearly outdated.  Our bathtub was clogged and didn't drain fast enough so you feet sat in a pool of your shower water.  Our friend stayed on another floor and he said his room looked more outdated than ours.Housekeeping was a huge issue.  We were here during one of Vegas' biggest weekends of the year.  Before we went to dinner, I called housekeeping at 8pm to ask to clean my room.  They told me they didn't have time but they could bring us towels and toiletries.  People leave their rooms at all hours of the night so not being properly staffed at 8pm was ridiculous.  I said we would be leaving our room so they could come in and leave the towels on our bed.  When we got back a few hours later, I was appauled to see what had happened.  They left all the towels in front of our hotel door...ON THE FLOOR.  Disgusting and so unsanitary!Next time, I'd rather pay a bit more to stay on the strip at a place boasting better rooms and better service. WHAT TO KNOW:*Located off the strip*Rio charges a per night resort fee*Free wi-fi...for one device (ridiculous only one device in my opinion)*11am check out but if you call down, they'll usually extend it to noon*Complimentary shuttles that run to other Harrah's properties*Complimentary valet parking and self parking areas*Separate check in and check out lines for Total Rewards Members
3	The hotel and casino are alright. I like the large room and that the price for the room can be very reasonable if you book on the total rewards web site. The cons to this place is that anything food or drink related in this casino is waaaayyy overpriced!!! Example bag of chips is $6 in their snack store near the elevator. The buffet is 32$ mid week for dinner....the problem is that there is not any competition close by so they gotcha once you are there and want to eat.
1	I was charged $784.00 to replace a mattress that they claimed had to be replaced! I had to call them to find out that housekeeping said they found 'bio' on the mattress and had to throw it out. I did NOT mess up the mattress in any shape or form! No one seems to have any solid information either, and keep talking in circles. I've never had such a horrible experience as a hotel guest. They can't provide me with any pictures or any specifics, and just expect me to bend over and pay for something I have nothing to do with.No managers available, no specific information, no evidence of a ruined mattress, nothing...I've stayed in hotels all around the world for most of my life, I've never ruined any hotel property or have been charged for any sort of destruction. I've never felt so cheated by a hotel in my life. I wish I had looked for reviews on this hotel before I booked because I would've rather stayed at a cheap hotel off the strip than be robbed like this. Unbelievable...
3	So normally I don't really review places other than eating establishments, but this review seemed necessary after the craziness that went down my first night in Rio.It's 6am and I can't sleep. The time difference has not been my friend. I get up, and decide i'll waste some time at the gym. As I exit the elevator that connects the hotel rooms with the actual casino floor I am suddenly met by a big black sheet that spans the entire width of hall way. Along with the ominous sheet is: a handful of casino security, 3 or 4 metro police officers, and very tired looking casino managers. Everyone immediately points to an "employee's only" door to my left and directs me through. I walk down winding hallways, at each checkpoint another police officer pointing out the proper directions. Eventually I get out to the casino floor, and I notice another black sheet. Apparently I had just taken a detour via staff-only hallways in order to avoid a small portion of the main hallway that leads to the elevators.So I decide that it is best to not hang around and I start to head to the gym, only to be met by police tape. Now I was a little more curious. I ask the guard what happened, and she immediately cut me off and insisted she "could not talk about it at this time." So, me being the savvy millennial I am, I pull out my phone and google the Rio. Turns out undercover security shot an alleged "repeat offender" who was attempting to the rob the casino. A man was killed my first night in Vegas.... Definitely a story to tell.At first Rio really did not handle this well. They didn't accommodate the people trapped out of their rooms (once you left your room and came downstairs, police wouldn't let you back up. "Security measure"....I was locked out for about 5 hours.)my boyfriend and I weren't too angry about being locked out of our room because we were sure the hotel would be accommodating their customers and giving them things to do as they waited to back into their room. This just seemed like pretty basic crisis communications. When we went to talk to the manager though, this was not the case.The hotel managers and staff wouldn't actually listen when we spoke to them. They just kept droning over and over, "we cant let you up into your room, once metro is involved we have no control." This wasn't what we were asking though. We didn't NEED to get to our room, we just wanted something to do while we waited. We weren't the only ones either. People started getting really heated when they found out the hotel wasn't offering any kind of distraction. Eventually though, with quite a bit of complaining the hotel finally started giving people champagne brunch vouchers and waiving hotel fees.It was too late though for me. Having graduated with a marketing degree, I know this first thing about marketing is to keep the customers happy. Angry customers can only lead to trouble. By the time the hotel finally connected the dots too many people were mad. Overall this is a very long way of saying Rio needs to remember that at the end of the day, if the customer isn't happy: you aren't doing your job.
4	This hotel is wonderful! First of all, all the staff we encountered were super-friendly, helpful and nice! Great customer service! Gorgeous huge room with incredible view! Very clean, great amenities, all around thumbs way up!!!
2	This review is specifically for the All American Bar and Grille in the Rio Hotel.We came on Thanksgiving night and it was our worst meal and service we had during our week long stay in Vegas.I get that the servers probably were loathing the fact they were working on Thanksgiving night... However, you don't need to show your customers your anguish and lack of manners.Food was mediocre at best, which was surprising considering the Rio buffet has such a good rep...Our server though avoided us for most of the night, was non social, and could have cared less about our experience... Not a good way to treat your customers.
4	This casino isn't directly on the strip, but I almost preferred it. For one, you get a beautiful view of said strip from the top deck of Rio's parking garage.It has the classic gaudy bright colors. It looks less updated than other casinos, but I preferred the general layout better. It was pretty easy to navigate. In particular, I loved the balcony like top floor that wrapped around the edges. It gave a nice view of the casino floor.Went to see Penn and Teller, which was amazing. We wanted to eat at Hash a Go Go, but it has limited hours. Otherwise, I wasn't as impressed with the food options.
3	Good and affordable hotel in Las Vegas. It is an all suit hotel with king, 2 queen beds rooms. There are sofa beds (not good at all) or rollaway beds. Quick note:The beds are a bit old and saggy.The casino is average but comfy. I like the rate at which drinks are being served at the table: a bit faster than other casinos and one of the reasons I'm giving the props for. There is a shuttle bus to Ballys in case you are not driving or don't want to get a cab.Rooms are pretty close to the main entrance, that's a big plus too. Good luck !!
1	I've stayed here over ten to fifteen times over the past 5 years.  Sometimes for up to three weeks at a time.  But I am fed up with the nickel and diming.  The last straw was the throttling of the internet down and an extra fee for higher speeds.  Is it not enough that we get charged for it in the resort fee?  I could barely check emails and god forbid I tried to surf two pages at the same time.  For a good connection I'd have to shell out another $8.99 per day in addition to the $25.99 resort fee.No thanks.
4	A decent hotel, the room is nice and big with no complaints to the room. Other than the overly price of vending machine drinks, $5 for water, seriously? And the lack of any recreational activitys its a average casino place. Would this hotel be recommended for kids? Not at all so don't bring your kids with you here. Buffet was nice a little pricey but very worth it.Overall decent, nothing too special oh and the wifi is indeed free here.
2	Large room, ok bed, worn out sofa.  Lousy shower.I booked the room because it was a good price and Expedia rated it as ****. Not four star hotel. The food at the hotel was lousy, won't return to the Rio
3	This is a legit hotel for the bargain price. I booked through Priceline and underbid for $42/night plus taxes and resort fee in late December. I saved 75% easy and for that I give the Rio a decent review. The room was clean, you don't get any amenities like free coffee, water bottles or any of that... You pay for it all here. There was a bar of soap leveling a table, kinda ghetto but it's not a five star resort neither. The crowd here is old and families period, you may see some young twenty something here but mainly foreigners. It's a legit and safe hotel period. I suggest booking through Priceline and underbid for the area you want to stay, if you get rejected you don't get charged... Beats paying retail value.
4	First time checking out the RIO. Although this hotel is not located on the strip they provide a great free shuttle service to Bally's and Harrahs (it runs about every 30 minutes to 1am).  It took us about 20 minutes to walk to the Strip. Every employee we interacted with were friendly and knowledgeable. Our room was one of the newly renovated rooms in the masquerade tower. It was very clean and quite large although we could faintly hear the bar (?) even on the 37th floor.  We only ate at the American Grill for lunch on our first day, it was a good veggie burger option, cold beer and great bar service.  When we travel to Vegas we want a clean comfortable room... at the end of the day the Rio delivered.
3	This would have been a four star review if a few things would have been better. We never had a hot shower in the 3 days there. Water turned all the way to hot was barely lukewarm. When we called to complain they asked if we let the water run for 15 minutes---unacceptable. The fridge was missing a leg so was wobbly.  Room was extremely spacious and comfortable with a large sofa and a higher qualify tv. The bed was comfortable and had a wonderful  sleep on it. The room was a bit noisy as we had traffic noise despite being on 19th floor. Wifi was included in resort fee which made the $28.00 somewhat palatable despite pools being closed for winter.
2	Rooms are nice.   Staff is so so.    Would never stay again.  Hidden fees.   Also checked in at 8 am.  Couldn't get us in, understandably...   But gave away room after room...  didn't get us in till 8pm.   Then charged a late fee of 60$   We even had a party of 14 people with 7 rooms and no type of discount...   Which is no big deal.   But.    When you stay off the strip, in a old run down hotel to stay together with a group there should be some sort of appreciation.  Or at the very least a room you paid for months in advance.
4	WowOur room was Great.Large, Clean, Well Laid out.The View was Outstanding.The service was good and helpful and the food was Great.Went to the PENN & TELLER SHOW Christmas Eve was Fantastic.Spent Three nights including Christmas Eve And Christmas Day and enjoyed every minute.Will be back again.
3	I had to wait 45 minutes to check in; not acceptable.  They had 5 and then 4 windows out of 15 open.  Not cool at all.  Rooms were large and spacious. Our non-smoking room smelled like it was really non-smoking and not a room that was converted from smoking to noon-smoking.  Staff was not friendly,  In fact they were downright grumpy.  At midnight I started hearing a lot of noise and music from the room next door; paper thin walls.  I got out of bed and went next door to ask then to quiet down and I saw a cleaning crew cleaning the room.  when I told them that they woke me up and asked them to quiet down, they did not even apologize.  Small bank of elevators and a couple were not working, so there was a lengthy wait time to get up and down the elevators.  Security was helpful; helped me find my car (it was in a different parking structure).  For a reduced price from what is available on the strip, if you can deal with mediocrity, then the Rio will suit you fine.
1	This hotel has the worst front desk stafff and specially the manager in the morning.  He has no personality and NO WORD OF HONOR. before I checked in they offered and promised us a rate of $89/night if we extend a another day. Then the next morning I called the Front desk and said to come down  and extend the day.  When I came down they gave me $199/night and not honor what they offered.  They even called a security for us to leave the place. Then the manager offered me half way and he said $159/night.. That's not half way!!  This hotel is coming down soon!!
3	I booked 2 queen beds and pet friendly room. But when we check in there was only one king bed room available. There was no sofa bed in the room. They did provide a  roll away bed. The room is slightly outdated, but it is a large rooms. The pet friendly room was actually clean.The seafood buffet  wasn't good and  we were so disappointed.
1	What happened to the Rio?  I checked in and checked out.  The room was horrible.  it had a couch that was covered in stains.  Hallway carpets were filthy.  Rio needs some definite renovating on all levels.
1	I am the founder of a tech startup and a regular visitor to Vegas (50+ times). I was late booking my travel to this year's CES conference (January 2015), so had limited options for hotels on/near the strip. I've stayed at nearly all the hotels on the strip, but for this trip the best option from a cost and location standpoint seemed to be Rio. This was my first booking here. Total nightmare. They didn't have my room ready, and finally instead of a Deluxe King room I was put into an older double bed room. It was 40 degrees in Vegas and the heater was broken in my room. I called Maintenence three times to no avail, and finally went down to the front desk to speak with a manager myself. The customer service rep, Joanna, was rude and unhelpful. She told me I would just have to sleep in the cold. The manager, William, said it was a hotel-wide problem, with no heat in any rooms. For $350/night that is unacceptable. He said he couldn't move me to any other room and offered me $30 for the inconvenience. $30?.... A credit for my stay would be more suitable. Aside from the maintenance and check-in issues, the demeanor and lack of professionalism from the staff was very upsetting. I have never seen that before here in Vegas, where hotels staffs' typical bend over backwards to ensure you have an incredible stay. I will not stay at the rio again and do not recommend it. Stay at MGM, Palms, or Mandalay Bay for the same price. Or pay more for the Wynn, Palazzo, Bellagio or Venetian.
1	Seriously? $20 to check in "early" meaning 1 pm? And no acknowledgment of spg status. So so hotel that is far away, overcharges. I won't be back...
