4	This is an unusally good neighborhood restaurant in Pt. Breeze. Completely unexpected menu-- it is really a european bistro with a belgian menu.  Most popular dish is mussels with fries.  Restaurant is small (about 10 tables), trendy and upscale. There seems to be a decent (if overpriced) wine selection and quite a beer selection.
5	fried shrimp + belgian beer = heaven in pt. breeze. this is one of those places you can take a date, a best friend, or even mom and dad, and everyone will find something to love about it. thoughtful service, consistently outstanding food. can't go wrong here, except you can expect to wait a while for your table. still, it's worth it on a gorgeous night.
5	This place takes me back to Belgium.  It truly does.  Although, no offense to a touristy eatery in Brussels, Point Brugge Cafe is much cleaner, more peaceful and less touristy.The location is very residential, on the corner of a nice block of homes.  This means you'll most likely have to look for street parking, but the times I've been there it has not been a problem.On two separate occasions for an appetizer I had the crab cakes and the roasted tomato and spinach dip.  Great combination of flavors.  I think out of the two I prefer the spinach dip, because it's a great communal dish with crostini and celery dipping sticks and the cheese is unique in flavor.For entree, I had the 'Classic' garlic and white wine mussels and fries (Moules Frites).  This dish was pretty much a clone of a meal I had in Brussels years ago.  I loved it.  They also have a Thai-style curry version of the mussels which is also amazingly mouth-watering.  The mussels were all cooked to perfection and the sauce was bread-sponging delicious.  This can be enjoyed with a good Belgian beer for an excellent summer meal.  The drink selection is excellent - a huge selection of beer and a full bar serving many wines and cocktails.The service is also great, although not seeing the place during a busy period prevents me from giving you a comment on that scenario.Whenever I'm in Pittsburgh I make it a point to stop here.
4	I really like this restaurant - it is cozy, unpretentious and truly has the feel of a European Bistro.  I love that it is in Point Breeze.Of course, their most popular dish (and my fave) is the moules frites (mussels and fries with aioli).  I love the white wine sauce, so that is what I get, but I hear the other sauce options are good too.  I suggest getting the appetizer version and sharing it with a friend.  We've had other stuff off the menu and while decent, nothing that I was blown away by!  On Sunday, they also do a brunch.  It's good.  I think that I prefer the Casbah brunch, but the food here is good and you do get a nice deal (with drink).  Decent belgian beer list, not up to the Sharpe Edge, but really, how many places could be like the SE?  Wine list is just ehh.  Overall, a decent place with great moules frites and a fun atmosphere.  I definitely will continue to come to thsi restaurant!
3	Sorry, I thought it was overpriced and I wasn't the one paying. The mussels left me underwhelmed. Portions were small. Seriously, mussels are nothing to get excited about. They are one of the easiest dishes to make. When I go out, I want to feel like they're making something that I couldn't do as well at home.Wine is always going to be overpriced in PA, since restaurants don't get wholesale prices on it.
4	As I sit here writing this review, I still have a very faint smell on my fingers of mussels in white wine heaven sauce. *sniiiff* ahh, delicious. Calm down guys, I only went last night and the smell is starting to fade away. Most of it is now a fond memory. I give this place 4 stars because my one experience, and what I ordered was great. I've heard from others that the other selections aren't as good. Stop ordering the other things then! If a place specializes in delicious mussels, year round, then order that! I got the white wine based cream sauce. It was awesome! I was drinking that stuff like it's soup, using the mussel shell as a spoon. I don't know if that's acceptable, but it's how I roll. Other than that, the beer selection is great. I had the Maredsous 8, a darker beer, on tap. Oh boy was it tasty. The fries are really good too, and they serve it with mayo. Yes, this joint is overpriced, but it's not as bad as the other reviews make it seem. The moules frites will run you $17, and the beer is about $7.50 (thanks to PA's drink tax, i'm sure), but you pay for what you get: good food, the cozy atmosphere of a wannabe European bistro, and on a nice day/evening you can sit outside on their patio overlooking a quaint residential area of Pittsburgh.
5	I no longer live in Pittsburgh, and besides friends and family, I miss this place more than anything else.  Well, it depends on which friends you are talking about.The menu is reasonably priced, the beer selection is large, and the embience is a small bisto tucked in a residential neighborhood with treelined streets.  The only negative is the limited seating, which requires you to wait on most nights.  However, the waiting time is also a signal of a restaurant's quality.The mussels are delicious with any of the three sauces.  I prefer the red curry sauce, and the chef was kind enough to add some heat just for me!  Very good strip steak, and the chef knows how to cook it rare.  A $2 supplement will get you bleu cheese, which a creamy piquant compliment to the beef.Whatever you order, make sure you get the fries.  They are fried twice for extra crispiness, served with homemade basil mayo.  Even in the home of Heinz, ketchup is not necessary.
4	No need to repeat the praises given here, their reviews are accurate. But be warned, it is very difficult to get in without a wait. For every 4 times I go, I usually leave 3 times because I don't want a long wait, especially on a week day. So here's my backup plan: I stash a bottle of wine in the car and when I can't get into Brugge, I retrieve my wine, walk down the street and get a table at Pino's, a BYOB restaurant. I love Brugge, but I have to admit I'm eating more at Pino's because of the Brugge wait.
4	This place is close to my house, but tonight was the first time I've gone.  My wife and I took her parents when they were in town visiting and we were all very pleasantly surprised.I heard in advance that there is usually a wait for a table - and they don't allow reservations - so i was prepared to wait.  We were told it could be 20 mins but I think we were seated in less than 10.Huge wine selection, but I don't drink much wine.  The beer selection was really good though.  They had tasty dishes for everyone.  My wife   is vegetarian - so she was happy with her selections.  I had pasta with chicken that was fabulous.Desserts were quite tasty too!  I would suggest this place to anyone looking for a nice dinner in a neighborhood cafe.  Be prepared to wait for your table.  I think it's worth it.
5	A top notch restaurant. It's worth it to go just for the frites. It has a nice ambiance, but it can be difficult to get a table.The Sunday brunch is also really good, they make a great eggs benedict.
5	Well worth the wait if you enjoy mussels and fries.    I went on Saturday for lunch and enjoyed a large juicy hamburger with frittes (first time i didnt get mussels).  The hamburger came with fresh lettuce, a generous tomato slice, delicious sweet cole slaw, and crisp deli style pickle slices.    While eating i got plate envy as i watched others around me eat delicious looking salads and pasta dishes, so people who do not enjoy mussels will be able to find a satisfying meal.   I almost wish i  worked there so i could try everything.
2	While I love the idea of neighborhood restaurants, this one did not live up to my expectations.   I thought the food was fair to good, but not exceptional.  Both food and the drinks were a little pricey, and my mixed drink seemed to be a tad short on alcohol. The worst was the service however.  The best I could say for our server was that he was disinterested. Never outright rude, but clearly thinking there was a better place he could be at that moment.  This place was certainly NOT worth a 40 minute wait in the middle of the week, even if it is walking distance from our starting point in Point Breeze.
5	Although you'll undoubtedly have to wait (even on any weeknight) it is well worth it.The place was created with the intent of being a neighborhood joint, and it does that very well.  It is filled with regulars, some of which immediately struck up a conversation with me as I sat at the bar enjoying a Belgium beer waiting for my table.The menu is short and changes often but you will not be disappointed.  Some of the dishes are pricey but it will never bust your budget (unless you enjoy a number of the many beers).  I'll be sure to be back often and soon.
4	Great restaurant packed with locals. Ended up at the counter rather than a 20 minute wait for two around the lunch hour on a Tuesday.The mussels with white sauce was just perfect served with crusty bread to sop up the sauce. The macaroni gratin is a fine rendition of mac-n-cheese.Street parking is a bit tough in the neighborhood but manageable.
5	I love this place.  I only wish that it wasn't so popular.  The only thing that keeps me from coming here more often (other than the fact that I have young children) is that it is small, and there is usually a wait by the time 5:30 pm rolls around.  My wife and I went to Belgium a few years ago and enjoyed both the delicious fries and the walkaround waffles that they sell there.  Feeling particularly poor given the Euro-currency exchange rates, and given the cold weather (it was winter when we went), the fries in Belgium were a constant and cost effective and warm companion during our travel.The Point has recreated these heavenly fries and mayo-aioli style dips perfectly and deliciously.In addition their moules (mussels in white wine and cream sauce are also delicious).  My wife likes their vegetarian appetizers etc. as well.  This is not  an inexpensive place, but it is very yummy.
4	I had dinner here last night and there is really nothing bad about this place I mean I wish I could give it 4.5 stars.  This place is located in a part of town that I often forget about.  It's by wilkinsburg and in between shadyside and regent sq/squirrel hill.  It's the epitome of what a neighborhood joint should be.  It's packed with super friendly and efficient staff who know most of the folks. The prices are fair and the folks are friendly.  We got here last night early and got what I would say is the best booth in the house towards the back up some short steps.  Since we were here early there wasn't a wait but it was stilled filled up.  By the time we left therer was people almost out the door.  And, this is on a Tuesday feezing cold February night.  That says a lot!  The space is so warm and perfectly decorated.  The lighting is flattering the bar seats about 10 the other tables and booths fit maybe 50.  The tables are a little too close together and privacy is limited, but we found ourselves chatting with the table next to us.  We are greeted by a nice young server wth a big smile who starts by saying "can I grab you a beer?".  They have a great belgian beer selection second to only Sharpes edge, but the food at sharps edge doesn't compare.  My friends ordered a couple of extremely reasonable priced belgians and I had a very inexpensive excellent Peter Lehmann Shiraz.  The drink prices are great!  We started with the cheese platter and added sausage.  The platter itself was good and had a great variety of room temperature cheese (served correctly).  The selection was good there was a sharp cheddar, blue cheese, and a few others.  It was also served with apples, walnuts and dried cranberries.  The sausage was tasty as well.  It was served with crusty bread.  THe bread here btw is top notch.  Then of course we ordered the moules and fries.  There was three of us and we each tried a different sauce.  The red curry sauce was great served with just the right amount of spice and cilantro and cream on top of perfectly plump fresh mussels.  The classic sauce was also good with garlic, shallots, wine and a hint of cream. This was my second fav' sauce.  I wasn't all that impressed with the tomatoe, fennel and saffron broth.  IT was watery and didn't add much to the flavor of the mussels.  The fries are as good as any in the city, fried twice and served with a basil mayo.  THey do mussels and fries better than anyone in the city, but I've been told the rest of the menu is great.  The next time I go which may be tomorrow I was so impressed I'll try some of the other items like the Seafood Waterzoii which is like a cioppini and I hear excellent.  Overall this is a great spot and I wish it was closer to my home it would become my new local bar.
4	My biggest complaint is the wait and that they don't offer reservations. Or at least they didn't the last time we went.Otherwise, my wife and I have eaten here several times and really love it. The mussels are wonderful, the beer is great, and everything is well worth the wait.
5	Some of the best food I've had in Pittsburgh; Point Brugge features friendly service, and a pleasant ambience. This place is quite popular, so expect to wait between 45 minutes and an hour for your table. Brunch is served on Sunday mornings only (after 11am) but is well worth it!
4	Despite the long wait, this is one of my favorite places in Pittsburgh.  Dishes that never fail me: the cheese board, the mussels, and the steaks (medium rare). The other specials can be kind of a hit or miss.Good selection of fancy beers.
5	I love this restaurant so much!  It is probably my favorite in the city. It's hard not to get the mussels in white wine sauce with extra frites and bread (to sop up the delicious broth) every time I go!  I know friends have also had the steak and salmon and enjoyed them quite a lot.It's true - the wait can be killer, since they don't take reservations.  Get there around 5:30 or 8:30.  We made the mistake of arriving at 7 p.m. on a Saturday night and waited 2.25 hours for a table (though we were a party of 5 - a group of 2 or 3 people would have probably been able to sit sooner).  But the point is that we waited the whole time, not willing to miss the chance to eat here!  It does get a bit cruel, as the restaurant is so small, you're practically on top of the lucky ones who got there before you, giving them the evil eye as they enjoy the deliciousness.  However, you can just imagine that this makes your food taste even better when it arrives.When it's nice out and they open the front of the restaurant the air is just wonderful. Sitting outside is great too.
5	Their Sunday brunch items are TO DIE FOR!!  It's no wonder that there is an inevitable wait for sinfully delicious food (*ahem* hint-hint-nudge-nudge to those who aren't patient for their food on a Sunday morning, expect a wait!).  Point Brugge Cafe has definitely MASTERED the perfect concoctions for brunch--It's not the diner style brunch items of a typical breakfast joint, and their offerings aren't overly savory/heavy for brunch.  The scrambled eggs on puff pastry is brunch perfection and their belgium waffles w/ fruit is a party in my mouth with every bite.  And according to my brother, this place is worth flying from California for.  I must come back to try their dinner items--I'm sure they won't disappoint if brunch is out-of-this-world amazing!
4	A really great little restaurant in residential Pittsburgh. What I like most about this spot is that it's so versatile. It's great for weekend brunch, it's great for an afternoon glass of beer or wine, it's great for groups, at night it's even a great spot for a date. The only negative is the insane wait times, but they can't really help it if they are popular and successful, can they?The menu is belgian-inspired Mediterranean and a bit of all-over-the-world light fare fusion. Which is a really neat concept. The prices are down-to-earth, and the food itself is generally delicious, although nothing really stands out as exceptional. Of course, they hit my soft spot, and carry good belgian (and german) beers on tap. The people alongside me at the bar seemed impressed with the wine selection too. Overall, Point Brugge Cafe doesn't bring the rustic, old-europe feel of Brugge to Pittsburgh. But it does bring Brugge's modernity and lack of pretentiousness to a town that's obviously eating it up. Literally and figuratively.
4	Mussels, frites, and Belgian beer, there is really no better combination on the planet.  I go here all the time, and I've convinced all my friends they should do the same.  This popular spot boasts a fun residential atmosphere, creative dishes, and long lines.  There's usually one or two interesting imports on tap, and lots of bottles.  I do have one confession to make...after each visit it always strikes me that Point Brugge might be slightly--just slightly mind you--self-conscious about its own virtue.  I'm sure I'm wrong about this though, or at least that's what I tell myself on my way back.  But maybe that explains the prices and the reservation policy?
5	the best "ethnic" food i've had in pittsburgh is... ___________.(fill in the blank)a) polishb) italianc) belgianok, so the polish and italian food is great too, but the standout so far... point brugge.  they're serving up some serious belgian bistro bites.  the moules and frites are a do not miss. words cannot describe.the steak frites was perfectly seasoned and cooked.... the best steak i've had in a long time.the dry rub pork chop was juicy and delicious.the beer.... ooooh, the beer.  everything is so good, just close your eyes and point to one.i love good food and good beer, but by no means am an authority on belgian cuisine.  of our group of three, i was the polish/italian/hungarian third.  veronica d. was representing the cuban third.  and lastly, we brought along our friend :::drum roll:::: who lived in belgium until she was 18 (figure that gives her opinion some serious weight).  and now you're probably wondering what our belgian friend thought of point brugge.  well, she loved it.
4	While Bob and I were waiting to be seated, I looked around the restaurant at what people were eating.  Pretty much every table had a huge bowl of mussels on it, with a helping of fries nestled alongside.I wasn't planning to get them, but I buckled after Bob agreed to split.  I am so glad he did, because they were delicious beyond my wildest hopes.  We ordered them in the classic white wine light cream sauce, and I can honestly say I've craved them at least three times in the past two weeks since we went.We also tried the Mediterranean platter, which was equally delicious and very healthy, and the Carbonnade Flamande, which was basically a very salty pot roast.  For entrees, stick with the mussels.  Oh, and the fries?  They are out-of-control good.  Bob and I don't eat fries, but we ate every last crumb of these.  They are damned good.
4	I went here for Brunch and, yep, it is delicious and not a bad deal. My Eggs Crab Cake Benedict was quite good and the Potato Strudel was carefully made and not too heavy. I tried my friends Belgian (Brussels) waffles, which were good, but I prefer the Belgian Leige waffles, but these were good too. I just wish I had the Mussels, to really put this restaurant over the top and into 5 stars. But still, this place is definitely worth the trip and the wait!
2	I have to agree with Jenney C. on the "overpriced" review.  The restaurant is in a great spot. You wouldn't expect it to be right in the middle of a neighborhood by itself. The server was great, but the food was underwhelming. Portions were small and over priced. The large portion of mussels came with a tiny bowl of fries. We got the traditional version with white wine, shallots, etc. It came swimming in cream which was not traditional at all. The cheese plate was tiny for the price & a lot of the cheese was boring. The sausage that it came with was dry and not very appetizing. The fettuccine bolognese was good but again over priced.I've had better mussels in larger portions at lower prices in other major cities.
5	Easily one of my favorite restaurants -- anywhere.  The food is always so good and fun.  We always get mussels and the baked goat cheese app.  I can't think of anything I've ever ordered that I haven't thought was quite good.  And everyone I've ever taken has loved the place.  The place has a good mix of menu items to keep everyone happy.  (We even went  here after my law schol graduation!)  Just thinking about it makes me hungry.   The prices are a solid good deal.  Beer list is good, they make good brunch cocktails, and the wine list is solid.  The place is small and cozy and the service is friendly (though sometimes a bit slower than you might like).  If you go for brunch, be aware that a line will form outside before the place even opens -- yeah, it's that good!
2	Maybe my expectations were a bit too high, but I was kind of disappointed in my brunch at Point Brugge.There was maybe a 10-minute wait for 2 people at 1:00, which was not bad at all.  The restaurant itself is nice, even though the tables are a bit close together.  Service was nice and quick without being obtrusive.  I ordered one of the prix fixe meals - Liege waffles with fruit, the potato strudel, and a mimosa, plus a side of fries.  The fries were pretty good and crispy, but not mind-blowing.  The mayonnaise was not particularly basil-y.The waffles - not that great.  The menu says that Liege waffles are supposed to be dense and a bit crunchy with a caramelized sugar flavor.  They were kinda bland and dry, except where the fruit topping had been, where they were soggy.  Syrup or butter would have helped.  The mimosa and the potato strudel were both very good.  My friend ordered the French toast, which looked awesome.  I kind of wish I had ordered it instead.  Total was $36, which seemed a little pricey, but we did get a fair amount of food.Overall, I wouldn't mind giving it another chance but I wouldn't be devastated if I never made it back.
4	hype is only slightly overwrought. I went on a thursday at 9pm and didn't wait for a second to sit. The server was polite and helpful. The beer selection was absolutely phenomenal. the moules frites were good not great. perhaps I'm too much of a neophyte to pittsburgh to make that judgement but on the basis of all the different mussels and fries I've had, these are not the earth shattering life changer that everyone is raving about. That said, what a phenomenal beer list...
5	This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Tucked back in the residential streets of Point Breeze, you can actually sit on the patio and not deal with road noise.  Imagine that!Beer selection is great, and service is friendly.  The decor is nothing special, but it doesn't detract either.  Come for the moules and the beef entree.  Pretty much everything here is delicious, so you can't go wrong.  My only complaint (and it's not even really a complaint) - sometimes you have to wait and they don't take reservations.
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant in the city. It's tucked away and has a great local vibe. The staff has always been very friendly. The food, though, is what makes this place. I haven't had a bad dish here. The moules (mussels)....my god....the mussels! Get the white sauce....it's amazing.Sometimes the wait can be quite long - it's a small place. When we want to eat here, we usually aim for an earlier dinner than usual...4-5ish. Also, the food can be high in salt, although it will taste amazing. The next day you may feel like a blowfish...but it all depends on what you get. It can also get a little pricey, but usually our desire for the food outweighs concerns over cash.The only thing that makes this place better is that they have a great selection of Belgian beer to go with those tasty mussels, and a full bar as well.  Not too many people seem to know of this place (in my experience) but it's definitely one of Pittsburgh's best secrets!
5	This delicious and beautiful restaurant is by far one of my absolute favorite places to go for brunch.  The menu is awesome, the service is always great, and the food is delicious.  The potato strudel, mac and cheese, omeletes, and quiche are all can't miss selections.Sometimes the wait can be long because it is such a small place, but I find it to be well worth the wait.  The area in which the place is at is also beautiful.  You feel as if you have been transplanted to someplace in Europe.  And in the summer, its open air so its so nice.  I LOVE THIS PLACE and hopefully you will as well!
4	This restaurant is very good and has a great dining area.  They have a good selection of beers and solid Belgian menu.They didn't seem to have all their beers in stock when I was here, disappointing.  The mussels and fries were phenomenal.    I had the white wine sauce, which was good and the mayonnaise with the fries pairs very well.  Their dessert, not so much.  Half of the pastry hadn't been fully cooked.  I don't believe the menu is over priced, but fair for what you are getting.
5	Part of a double header, I hit up Point Brugge for dinner Saturday night and also Sunday midday for brunch.  The result?  Two perfect meals.For dinner, a friend and I split an order of mussels with the red curry sauce along with an order of crab cakes, chicken skewers, beer battered shrimp, and dessert.The giant dish of mussels came with two large crusty pieces of bread and came with an order of brugge frites which were paired with a basil mayo dipping sauce.  And oh my goodness that red curry sauce.  We asked the server for a sauce recommendation and without hesitation he told us to get the red curry sauce.  Maybe it's because I enjoyed the Asian influence behind the dish, but it was so delicious.  The red curry was rich from the coconut milk yet not overwhelming in flavor.  AND you get sooooooooo many mussels too...The brugge frites were absolutely perfect.  Enough said.The small plates we got were all pretty good, but I don't think I'd get the chicken skewers again.  They're cooked well, but not super inspiring.  The cheese tray and the mac 'n cheese both intrigued me; I definitely gotta try them out.Dessert was an Apple Walnut Crostada with fresh whipped cream.  Sinfully delicious.  It was a perfect ending to a perfect meal.*********By the recommendation of so many yelpers, I KNEW I had to try out Point Brugge for brunch too.  I ended up getting there right around noon and not having to wait at all for a table.  I went with their prix fixe selection and had an Eggs Benedict with a side of house-made apple sausage and a glass of mimosa.The Eggs Benedict were pretty good; not traditional Eggs Benedict but still tasty.  The sausage was this ginormous patty that was well seasoned and cooked well (as opposed to poorly cooked sausage?).  It was just so big though.  Next time I'd probably split the sausage or just settle with a granola with yogurt.I'm always happy with mimosas, and my friend described their Bloody Mary's as "F***ing good."One of the guys next to us ordered the corned beef hash and it looked so sinful tapping into my gluttonous side.  The pair of eggs over easy on top of everything were basically just aching to be cut open to reveal the beautiful oozing yolks inside.I'm also curious about their scrambled eggs w/ chevre cheese and of course their smoked salmon scrambler.
4	Love the pommes frites with the basil mayo- positively addicting. The mussels are delicious, as are their little crabcakes. The brunch is probably the best in Pittsburgh. The braises (Carbonade and bolognese) are ok- not bad, but not as good as the mussels. Same with the salmon and steak. Go for the mussels- traditional white wine/shallot/cream, italian, or curry with the frites and you will be happy. Get a nice Belgian ale on tap to accompany your meal and you will enjoy your dinner.
5	A---MAZING.God how I love mussels and fries. Huge order of 1.5 lbs mussels with WHITE SAUCE! And the twice fried fries... wow. Yum. I swear, visiting my sister in Pittsburgh... its just an excuse to come here. The great warm flaky crusted bread that comes with it totally makes my annual trip to Pittsburgh.Their beer selection is great.Their pork chop was hearty, good solid food. But omg, ask what their specials are each day, I had this AWESOME steak, it was blow-you-away awesome. With savory jalepeno mashed potatoes, omg that special was amazing. **note. Whenever you go, try to do an early dinner, the crowd gets thick past 6 and the wait is excruciating. Save yourself the pain of having to smell wonderful food and wondering when the hell you're gonna be seated by going early, or late.
4	Quite a nice place with a great atmosphere. Decent beer selection and the food is always top notch. Perhaps a bit pricey. The fries are good, but not like Belgian fries, otherwise I would give them a 5.
3	Enjoyable lunch. Mussels with white wine sauce were excellent. Both fries and grilled cheese were just ok.
3	Amazing Pomme frites , Mussels, and Beer list. he rest of the menu is a bit uninspiring a bit pricey, and come at the cost of one hell of a wait to get a seat.worth a trip, but plan to be there awhile
5	i read about the point brugge cafe on yelp and it was also recommended by a friend. we were in pittsburgh for the day so we decided to check it out. we were there for a late lunch - about 3pm - so it wasn't too terribly busy. we ordered house salads to start - very delicious and large portions. then we split the crab cakes and the mussels and fries. you can get the mussels three ways - traditional butter and white wine sauce, a red curry sauce or a tomato based sauce. we chose the traditional white sauce and it was excellent. the twice fried fries and the basil mayo and the crab cakes were also exceptional. they also gave us several chunks of good, crusty french bread for dipping - YUM!the restaurant also has a killer belgian beer list as an added bonus. the location was a bit tricky since we weren't familiar with the area and it is in a residential neighborhood. totally worth seeking out though. excellent food!!
4	It'd be great if they took reservations.  Anyway...we arrived and had a few beers until we were seated (1.5 hrs later).  The beers (a duppel, a trippel, and a christmas ale) were great--good quality for an OK price (~$8 per beer).  The food was awesome.  We had the mussles w/the red curry sauce, the mediterranean platter, and the crab cakes.  The mussels and the mediterranean platter would have been enough for our group of four (considering we'd each had two beers waiting for the table).  This place is highly recommended--the drinks, food, and service are great.
5	The first time I went to Point Brugge, I wasn't sure it would live up to the hype. Small, almost cramped little place, and I wasn't sure about Belgian-inspired food. But, there were tons of people packed into the bar and stairwell and overflowing to the outside waiting for tables, which I took as a good sign. The wait wasn't actually horrifying, given what the scene looked like on arrival, probably due to the speedy service. And though I was skeptical, by the end of my meal, Point Brugge became my favorite Pittsburgh restaurant. I have since been back a handful of times.As for the food, I once got the shrimp sandwich, which was meh. Everything else, however, has been incredible! Mussels are great and the 1.5 lb order comes with fries which...let me tell you...are some of the best fries EVER created. I'm not one of those people who has an orgasm over fries, but these were insane. I find ketchup to be completely repulsive (probably why I'm not a fry person), so the basil mayo is truly a godsend. My favorite dish by far is the macaroni gratin. Yes, that is just a fancy way of saying mac & cheese. But this is no goopey mystery cheese soggy noodle you get what I'm saying. Gryuere, Parmesan, White Cheddar, herbs of some sort, totally creamy and awesome with a perfectly crusty top. Even if it is just glorified comfort food, it certainly earns its name.  And it's a generous portion for only $7! Big enough for an entree, considering you'll need to be ordering the mussels and fries as a starter.The one thing I wish more than anything would happen is that they would take reservations. Waiting for such amazing food is just plain inhumane.
4	On a lonely drive back home to Maryland we decided to Yelp and sniff around downtown Pittsburgh.Boy did we nail it.So, in what order? Pomme frites are the best we've ever had ... the steak sandwich (skirt steak) was crazy good.  Mac and cheese was "plus" and the mussels were quite tasty ... even for my first foray into mussels.  Even the baguette was swell.A very quaint joint with great service and high quality food.
4	so far the best pittsburgh restaurant we have been to.  as a vegetarian, its hard to find a non-asian/indian place that makes tasty food.  Pointe Brugge delivers.  on food, i would give it 5 stars.the good: the fries, mango tofu, and the french baguettes that come with the salads.the "decent": the mac and cheese (went dry after like 5 mins), and the portabella salad - which would have been great if the salad was tossed with the dressing instead of having it just drizzeled on top.  i only reason i'm docking a star is because the place is small and is FREEZING if you are sitting anywhere near the door (which is basically half the restaurant).
5	OMG.  No.  ZOMG!!Understand that for my 200th review I do not take lightly the use of tweener text speak.  But simply put this was one of my favorite dining experiences in recent memory.  It was a perfect dinner.  Started with the crab cakes which were terrific with a dill remoulade and the macaroni and cheese which was gooey and great.  Both were good and filling at reasonable price point.  Then came the moules frites which I highly recommend.  The red curry sauce is the best.  Please get this.  I beg of you.  The fries were terrific as well.  Twice fried with an amazing mayo.  The baguette they give you is necessary to sop up the juices or perhaps your tears as you sob uncontrollably in gastronomic hysteria.  Top it off with a bottle of Mark West pino noir for $25 and you have a wonderful evening.  Highly recommend.  And thanks to my brother and sister-in-law for the recco.  This place is indeed a gem.
4	A great little restaurant in a nice quiet neighborhood, Point Brugge would be one of my standard hangout spots if I lived in Pittsburgh.They've got a great selection of beer and good food to boot. They've also got a tasty brunch, and I particularly enjoyed their eggs benedict with crab cakes.If you are nearby its definitely worth a stop for the beer and food and the neat little community vibe its got going. Check it out.
4	Excellent beer selection, fantastic food, and a really nice atmosphere make for a win.  When the weather is nice, the long wait is tempered by drinks out front.  My only complaint is that the hostess was difficult to locate and was extremely rude, but hey, at least we got a table.
3	You know, I really am so happy this place exists.  It's kind of the perfect bistro/date/meet some friends place.  However, my last meal there was a disappointment.  The mussels just didn't taste good and the special (a supposed Cod that tasted exactly like Salmon) was such a disappointment.  If I could give it 3 and 1/2 stars I would.
4	Ryan B takes me to THE best restaurants in the 'Burgh - I am so lucky! When we arrived around 6:30 on a Wednesday night, there was a 45 minute wait! What stinks is that you have to wait basically on the stairs, in the doorway - even the bar is packed! When we finally sat down we both ordered the moules frites. Ryan B got red curry - which was ahhhmazing, I got the traditional, which was really good (but not as good as Ryan B's). The bread is soooo good, as well.  We really enjoyed the frites and the yummy mayonnaise dipping sauce; it all paired really well with a bottle of Leffe blonde. In my opinion, the BEST place for mussels in the city! Quaint, cute, and well worth a visit!
4	Would have given 5 stars but the mussels that everyone raves about were average.  Actually the order we received were horrible.   Sauce was good and would give them another try based on our overall dining experience.  went for lunch and went with pub food classics that they put a bit of a gourmet spin on - was not let down.  Was not too crowded when we went but I woud say it would be worth a wait.  Good wine selection and Great beer selection - this one is a keeper.
5	I'M STINGY WITH MY 5 STAR REVIEWS.... and this place gets one. It'd get 6 stars if I could. Bonus points for being a small neighborhood kind of place with a great beer selection. Service and atmosphere was kind and friendly. Place is tiny, but it seems like it'd be the perfect spot for a weeknight meal. And the food was the icing on the cake. Let me tell you about the mussels...or you can let all the other yelpers tell you....but if you don't get them, you're seriously missing out. The Red Curry sauce, and the bread that comes on the side...wowzers....spicy, but not spicy too hot, just spicy perfect. And the pumpkin black bean soup (it was a special), oh my. The shrimp pesto sandwich was good, but not as stand out as the rest of the meal, but please don't read that as not good, as it was good, but not 5 star almost 6 good. Everything that came out of the kitchen looked amazing and I wish I could've chowed my way from lunch to dinner, but I was afraid I wouldn't be able to roll myself uphill to where the car was parked.
5	My favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh! The best mussels and frites, combined with belgian beers you'll find out there. Perfect little spot, tucked away - a true neighborhood gem.
4	Add this to the mountain of positive reviews for Point Brugge.  A nice variety of egg and non-egg items on the brunch menu; very good front of the house staff; charming location in Point Breeze; and a smart but still cozy interior with a really great painting of, I think, a Caribbean street scene.I had the creamy polenta with figs and walnuts, which was great.  I also had the seasonal fruit bowl, which was also good, although instead of pineapples and strawberries, I might have preferred some more seasonal and local stuff like apples and pears.What I did not like:-Juice was not freshly squeezed.-Despite being a cheap, quick fix, there were no purely vegetarian options on the menu (like tofu instead of egg scrambles, or vegetarian sausage).-Bathrooms are not unisex and are both single person.  I imagine that this could make for significant waits.On a related note, I think there's great potential for a slightly larger commercial district in Point Breeze, so I hope to see more things here.
5	Point Brugge no longer represents solely a restaurant that has good food; it has become the place where I can sit back, relax and chow down on comfort food while leaving all my problems behind.For me, everything is just right about Point Brugge.  The noise is always loud enough where I can be myself and won't bother other patrons.  The lighting is a comfortable glow where you can see everyone else around the table but aren't left in an awkward dim or the blinding light of fast food restaurants.  And oh the food.  I always have a large order of mussels to split, an order of macaroni gratin, and a bottle of Chimay Red.Some people prefer the mussels with the white wine sauce, others prefer the red curry sauce.  I really have no preference; both are delicious and I love sopping up either sauce with their warm crusty bread.  The best part though is their macaroni gratin.  The cheesy blend of parmesan, gruyere and cheddar is ultra rich and I love cracking through the crunchiness of the top crust with my spoon revealing the gooeyness inside.  All of this is of course washed down with a bottle of Chimay Red.  They have other varieties, but I think Chimay Red pairs the best with the food at Point Brugge.I never walk out of Point Brugge without a smile.
4	yum. crab cakes for appetizer - 2 pretty large crab cakes w/ some salad in the middle. definitely not your regular tiny, oily frozen crab cakes that you get at other placesi had the braised beef for dinner - it was a little salty but still really delicious, especially loved the frites. SO GOOD!!! if it doesn't come w/ your entree, make sure you order it as an appetizer! (although it comes w/ most entrees and everyone basically got the mussels that come w/ them)my bf had the seafood waterzooi - i just looked on their menu though and it said a tomato base... but his was all white, he said it tasted like white wine. dunno how i feel about them not having the right ingredients and simply substituting w/o telling us. he really liked it though regardlessthe entree did take a while to come out though, that was kind of annoying. i saw a couple who came in maybe 15-20 after us get their entrees about 10 minutes before we got ours. BOO. the wait and substitution of ingredients = -1 starwe went around 6pm on a tuesday night and had a 30min wait, but after our wait was over another couple walked in and their wait was only 10min, so i'd suggest going on a weekday to avoid the lines - place is pretty small
5	I took my girlfriend here Saturday night for dinner. Overall a great experience.Got there ~7. We were told it would be an hour and half wait. We agreed and just drove to Shady Side to walk around because it was so nice out.Got back around 8 and sat at the bar. I got the Belgian Strong Ale (12%) on tap. It was delicious. My gf got the Pom Fizz. For 8.50$ it was a tiny amount of liquid (it came in a champaign flute). Right at 830, we got our table.We got the Mussels with white wine sauce with fries. It was our first time trying mussels, but they were terrific. The sauce was great to dip our fries in.GF got the veggie sandwich and I got the beef stew and a Belgian Brown Ale on tap. The stew was awesome. The beef was super tender and the sauce again was great. It wasn't overly sweet, as I feared based on the description. It was fairly heavy on rosemary though. GF liked the sandwich.Didn't even look at dessert because we were too full.
4	I love their mussel in white wine sauce, absolutely heavenly. The only down side is their beer are way overpriced.
4	This weekend a friend was in town and we did not get to hang out much at night.  So we planned to meet for brunch.  I had never been to Point Brugge, so we both decided it would be a good place to meet.  They said the wait time was going to be 45 minutes, but it was no where near as long.  When we got in and ordered the waffles we amazing.  I have not found a place as good in Pittsburgh.  I will be returning for brunch again.
5	We wish there was a place like this is Larchmont NY.
4	Delicious, exactly what you'd expect.Enjoyed dinner, outside, with a bottle of wine and an old friend.  Of course I had the mussels and of course I had the red curry!  It was so good I needed a nice Belgian beer to wash it all down.And then there was a little lemon tart thing for desert, it was good.Would love to return for more of that CURRY!
4	I'll need to go here a few more times to write a more in depth review but food was excellent. I was a little outraged by the almost two hour wait but I guess it was worth it after all. Like other reviewers said their mussels are great. Their folding front wall is perfect for the space and when the weather is right allows a perfect breeze to drift in. Recommend!
5	As a Pittsburgh native now living in San Francisco--which I unabashedly view as the culinary center of the universe; I can't say enough about Point Brugge!  I love that this place is tucked away in Point Breeze down a quintessential Pittsburgh cobblestone street, but what I love even more is the mussels and interesting beer selection.  If you think you can't eat 1.5lbs of mussels yourself, try these out.  You'll manage. The red curry mussels were my favorite, though the white wine were pretty awesome, too. This place is amazing.  You have to go here!
4	I've been here once for brunch & once for an afternoon beer. Brunch is creative & fun, but come early to find a seat. It gets crowded quickly. In the afternoon and evening, the beer selection is good - centered around Belgian beers - but prices are expensive. In fact, that's the only drawback of Point Brugge.Otherwise, great neighborhood restaurant bar in one of my favorite Pittsburgh boroughs.
5	I'm sitting here right now eating the best eggs benedict I've ever had, loaded with Canadian bacon. The coffee is outstanding, the Bloody Mary is Bloody Delicious, there's fresh fruit, and great service.  The place is packed, but as a single I was able to walk up right to the bar for brunch.  The place has a very European vibe, but it's located in one of Pittsburgh's prettiest residential neighborhoods.  It's not stuck-up...I'm listening to Neil Young, just heard Bob Marley sing his Redemption Song, and the total bill was $14 before tip. I also had a great bar conversation with Sharon, a nurse at a local hospital, who also highly recommends this joint.One of Pittsburgh's best, and it shouldn't be missed for dinner (re: the mussels) or this brunch.
5	I've been couple of times trying first one of there salad and then the second time a steak. It was really good and well proportioned food. I would say that what i like the most is that they don't put too many artifacts in their meal and they try to keep it simple. One not-so-good point would be their cocktail but that's not a cocktail bar!
5	Come here for brunch and you'll be surrounded by delicious aromas of fresh coffee and smoky bacon. That alone makes waking up before noon on a weekend worth it.
5	My wife and I celebrated our first anniversary by having brunch at this European style cafe. Its neatly tucked away in an small neighborhood and judging by the the line of customers that we've definitely found a gem. The dining area consists of the option to eat outdoors (albeit very limited), indoor tables or booths, and a bar. The decor and ambiance was modern and intimate. The wait staff was excellent and the owner (at least I think she was the owner)  was very friendly.  Except for a very water-down sangria, the food overall was exceptional!  And good portions that is moderately price. The down side is that we waited for 45 minutes for a table.What we ordered:- steak and eggs with Canadian bacon and Spring sangria- Brugge Frites with basil mayonnaise - the best fries in Pittsburgh so far- Moules bowel with classic garlic cream - the second best mussel dish I've had ever- Franziskaner - I'd join any monastery to learn the secrets of how monks brew beerWhen did we go:Sunday at noonWill we come back?Absolutely!
5	My partner and I also visited Point Brugge for our one-year anniversary and were pleasantly surprised.The cafe itself is extremely unassuming, the wait staff friendly enough and the atmosphere casual (but you can definitely dress up if you like).The menu consists of 5-6 "small plates" ranging from $5-12 which could easily be a decent meal, 3-4 salads, 2 or 3 sandwiches and 6-8 entrees ranging from $8-30 in addition to specials, etc.The beer list is fairly extensive with a good number of quality belgian or belgian style beers.  Prices on these are fair.We started out with splitting the warm goat cheese salad.  It was rather pleasant with fresh mixed greens, some spicy greens, roasted red peppers, warm goat cheese and house-made croutons.  Then we moved onto the entrees...My partner (being vegetarian) had somewhat limited options on the entree side, and ended up going with the vegetable pasta.  It was rather tasty pesto-style based with tofu pan-seared in somewhat of a caribbean style.  Flavors were rather bright and lively.I had some beef that had been braised in a belgian brown ale, cherry, rosemary, apricot sauce.  The fruits were not visible in the sauce, as they had been reduced down over many hours, so the plate wasn't so visually appealing but boy was it tasty!  The sauce was not too thick and somehow managed to save a bright note or two from the fruits.  The beer was not overpowering as it (and red wine) often has a tendency to do so in this type of sauce.Overall I was very pleased.  You can easily go and have a drink and a small plate or sandwich or go all out with appetizer, entree, dessert, etc.  The food was extremely well executed and each plate seemed to have a hidden feature with potential for "ah-hah!" moments.In other words, there are a slew of European/New American restaurants in Pittsburgh with this type of menu and pricing.  Most of them are underwhelming or disappointing... Point Brugge is none of these!Does not take american express :-)
5	If you're in Pittsburgh, you gotta come here and try the moules.Best I ever had. Hands down to Point Brugge.If you come and dine for two, I'd suggest you get one order of moules and one order of frites. That will pretty much fill you and your buddy. Your order also comes with bread to eat with the moules.My favorite is the curry. But they all taste good so just try them all haha.I've never been here for dinner but it gets pretty crowded here for brunch. I usually have to wait about 10-15 minutes for a table.This place gets a good amount of sunlight and it is perfect setting for the weekend afternoon. They provide outdoor seating but it is very very limited.5 stars!
5	Most of my friends come here for the mussels but I come here for the fries, baby!  I don't know how they make them so amazing but they do and the garlic-mayonnaise-whatever sauce they provide for dipping is great.The staff is really great - I've been here as a part of large groups before, and despite the place being super popular they have always managed to accommodate us.  That leads me to my next point, though, which is that you should probably expect a fairly long wait.  This is probably a unique case, but one time I was there with about 14 other friends, and we decided it was worth the 1.5 hour wait.  It totally was!  And, they gave us a free plate of those delicious fries to tide us over while we waited.  Another bonus is that you can always go in and order drinks from the bar while waiting.  I would characterize the staff as really friendly people who care about the experience you have and show their appreciation when you are willing to wait a long time for a table at their establishment.On the other hand, I have also shown up right when they open on the weekend and been seated immediately with 2-3 friends.  There were definitely a good amount of other people waiting for the cafe to swing open its welcoming doors, however.The inside is charming and comfortable.  Brunch on a nice day is associated with feelings of airiness and contentment.What have I eaten besides fries?  I know I've had steak there, and a cheese plate, both delicious.  My friends rave about the mussels.  For brunch I've had french toast and one of their famous waffles (with strawberry-mango topping).  There's a ton of good-looking stuff on the menu that I look forward to trying; I don't think they make non-tasty dishes.Definitely go!
3	It seems from looking at other reviews that I am the only one who thinks that the staff at Point Brugge is rude and cloying at the same time. I don't know what it is about the one waitress who always serves me, but I wish someone else would take over.As for the food, the frites are amazing, as everyone notes. The moules are also really good (but I distrust in-shell shellfish this far from the ocean). I like the sandwiches, and the burger is good. I've rarely gotten the higher-priced items, but when I have they've been good, but not quite worth the price. The beer list is good, which I appreciate, and the brunch is very nice. But they should hire better wait-staff (I suspect the woman I don't like actually owns the place, or close, if so, she should let someone else take over waiting tables)
5	Rupe Rankings of note:- #1: moules (mussels, to the layperson)- #1: Belgian frites- #2: crave factor- #2: bloody maryMenu recommendations:- curry mussels & frites (w/ baguette)- they serve a brunch, gots to try the bloody mary- big bottles of Belgian brews (alliteration, anyone?)- anything else on the menu, especially their fresh fish dishesWhy you would go:- racking your brain for a date destination with a girl WAY out of your league currently only yields Oyster House and Primanti's- have to avoid french fries due to dietary constraints (no one said I couldn't eat frites!)- enjoy trying new dishes with global influenceWhy you wouldn't go:- impatience (get there during the rush and you'll have to wait at the bar.  they don't take reservations.)- chowin' down with more than 3 others (the place is small and has limited larger tables)- unwilling to order something newOverall impression:This quaint bistro in Point Breeze always delivers.  Arrive with an open mind and a lenient schedule; I'm sure you'll leave happy.
4	We came here for brunch and the food was amazing! I had the potato streudel, the eggs benedict with crab cakes, and a mimosa. My food was amazing, maybe the best eggs benedict I've ever had. The service was awful (and I can't stress that enough), so you should know that going in and prepare yourself to wait for food, refills, etc. Otherwise, this is a really fun place with good energy, and the food is delicious.
4	Cute little cafe with outdoor seating. IMHO, their curry mussels were just OK... Their brunch options were the winners in my book. The bf got the Eggs Benedict (which was a bit heavy, but still good) and I ordered the Chicken Florentine Omelette (which tasted great).For Pittsburgh, this place is a gem of a find.
3	I know everyone and their moms rave about the moules here, but there are those of us who don't eat seafood.I came here for Sunday brunch, just ten minutes after their posted opening time (11), and the place was busy.  We snagged an open table, but people who showed up just ten minutes after us had to wait.  The front area of the restaurant looks pretty nice, though we felt cramped at our table in the back.  As a waffle fiend, I had to try the Liege waffle, with the seasonal fruit topping, apple and cranberry.  I ordered it as a prix fixe meal, with potato strudel as my side and a mimosa.  I liked the crystallized sugar which gave the waffle a little crunch, but the waffle was sort of dry.  The fruit topping was tasty, though.  The potato strudel was okay, but not that remarkable.  My brother had the moules with the tomato-fennel broth.  It looked like he could use more bread to mop up the broth--he resorted to using an empty shell as a scoop once he finished the piece of bread.  Our server didn't check on us after our dishes arrived, so my brother couldn't even ask for a spoon.Other people's egg dishes looked good, so I'd probably go that route if I were to come back for brunch--but I don't feel a burning need to return.
5	There are 81 reviews on here.  I don't think I can say anything that will be different than anyone else.I love this place, and it made my entire visit to Pittsburgh worth it.  I recommend it like crazy.  And, as a last point, I thought the mussels and the cheese board were the best damn thing I've ever had.
5	I rarely give out 5 stars, but oh-my-god is this place good.Amazing selection of micro brews.Service was spot-on.DO yourself a favor and get mussels in the red curry sauce and fries (frites).We went for brunch on a Sunday and arrived around 12pm. By 12:30 people were waiting for tables. So make sure to get to this hot spot early!Oh Point Brugge with one meal I think you just became my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh
2	Went in for Sunday Brunch with high expectations.  Without my GPS, I am not sure that we could have found this place!  I wanted to bring my BF here for the mussels and I was in the mood for some spectular waffles!   Sorry to say, it didn't live up to our expectations.  Seating was crapped, service slow and the food was okay.  The moules were nothing special and my waffles were a little cold.  We also shared an omelette which was decent.  I know everyone loves this place.  But I am sure that we will not be making a second trip.
5	My parents came in for the night, and we were looking for a place to eat. We had to wait fifteen or twenty minutes until being seated on the Sunday night we decided to come, but it was well worth the wait.Appetizers: Mediterranean platter and roasted tomato spinach dip. The red pepper & walnut dip on the mediterranean platter was delicious, but the real surprise was in the spinach dip--it completely blew me away. I don't think I've had a better dip in my entire life.For dinner, we all shared a pound and a half of mussels with the classic white wine sauce, as well as the seafood waterzooi. The mussels were cooked perfectly, the waitress was helpful, and we shared a Delerium Nocturnum with the meal.At the conclusion, we were too full to try the dessert...I guess I'll save that for next time.
5	I have been here for both dinner and brunch and each was a differnt kind of amazing. You have to wait in the line at least 15 mins ahead of the restaurant opening its doors at 11 am. Totally worth it! We were a party of two chose to sit a tthe bar because I felt bad for the other bigger parties waiting for tables. Good call. Got excellent service from the bartender and the waitress. The food was delicious. I cannot remember the exact name, but the potato souffle was great. The waffle was probably as good as it gets. My boyfriend loves French-Belgian foods and he loved the fare here too. I have been here for mussels before. I am not a fan of molluscs, except for those at Point Brugge. Get the cheese plate also. Totally worth it!
4	Hadn't been to Point Brugge in years until this past weekend.  I'd say it's lived up to my expectations.  Was visiting Pittsburgh for the first time in years since I've went to college here and remembered Point Brugge being a cute spot for Brunch.  I had steak and frites with a bloody mary.  Bloody Mary was good, on par I'd say.  The steak was exactly what I was craving.  My only complaint - the frites were too greasy to even touch.  I did find it funny (and very Pittsburgh) that the soup of the day was Beer Cheese. I cannot even comprehend what that tastes like or if it's good or not.  Another friend got the curry mussels.  I can't say that I was super impressed, but it was good.  Side note: Coming from New York, we were were shocked to hear that Brunch ends at noon in other cities.  We are pampered with our 4pm brunches, hence we did not get to try dishes off their brunch menu.
4	the mussels were awesome! had traditional and red curry.  Stay away from the crabcakes as they were very much filler.
5	This is one of only a handful of restaurants where I enjoy eating in Pittsburgh.  Their menu is simple (not a plethora of dishes), which is great because you won't be confused by the million choices, and virtually of the dishes are great.  The menu is seasonal so I've never been bored.  I love the carbonade flammande, moules frites, and steak au jus (for lunch).  Theirvegetable pasta is delicious too.  They don't take reservations and are often busy (especially at dinner hours) so you will have to wait, but it's so worth it (I would rather wait than eat at a restaurant where there is no line--the long line shows that their food is good).  Also, they have great beers.
4	Good fresh food and Belgian beer.  Moules, or mussels, are available and good portion.  Clean and very flavorful.  Had to have the frites, or fries, served Belgian style just like use to get in Belgian and other parts of Northern Europe, with mayo and some vinegar and some flavoring.  They are crispy and thin, most in Europe were fat and crisp.  Frites are wonderful. Crab cakes are delicious and so were some of the other dishes we tried.
5	Pretty darn sure I wrote a review of this before - where did it gooooo?Well all right Yelp, I'll do it again, albeit two months after my visit.I had been wanting to try this place as long as I've been in Pittsburgh, as it's been universally recommended to me by every friend and coworker I've met so far.  I went on a Saturday, but early in the evening - I think around 5pm - to ensure that we got a table.  The plan worked -we were seated almost immediately and it wasn't long before the bar filled with other patrons waiting.  Go early!  Especially on the weekends!  You won't regret it.We ordered a few different beers (my boyfriend, my mom, and I) and shared them all.  The only ones I can recall ordering now are the Leffe Blonde, and Delirium Tremens, which my mom the doctor found hilarious.  All the beers we had were excellent across the board, and paired beautifully with the food.So....we basically pigged out. First we ordered the macaroni gratin to spplit amongst the four of us, and it was excellent.  Say it's nothing more than mac 'n' cheese with a fancy name, and I won't argue with you, but the quality was superior to any I've had in a restaurant, ever.  I was dreaming about it afterward.My boyfriend and I also tried a small bowl of moules frites - I can't remember now whether I got classic or red curry - but they were excellent as well.  I remember loving the basil mayonnaise served with the frites.  For the main course, my boyfriend and I got the carbonnade flamande - a delicious braised beef stew.Since it was two months ago, I don't recall specifics, but I recall that everything was divine and that I was SO FULL I could barely walk/breathe.  I'd suggest coming back often and trying a new thing each time, instead of trying to eat everything all in one visit like I did.  But oh, it was fun to try!  I would love to come back for dinner or brunch, anytime - as long as it's early enough to avoid the rush!
5	A big improvement over the former Point restaurant. I have never been disappointed at PBC. Their menu is limited but diverse - love the salmon, the mussels are tasty too. The service is great as well.
4	I cant get enough of the hummus and cheese appetizer and cream and garlic moules! This place can get packed...since they dont take reservations it can be a pain to plan a dinner there.
4	Excellent! The only reason I took away one star is because it's a little out of my budget as a college student (my parents paid ) so I can't come here too often. I recommend going for lunch if one wants to keep the meal a little cheaper.  We ordered a bunch of meals and shared them family style so I got to sample a few of their tasty dishes. Everything was delicious.
5	I have somewhat mixed feelings writing this review. On one hand, this restaurant definitely deserves the attention. On the other hand, it will mean I have wait even longer to get seated.The place is tiny, so either get there very early or at odd hours. They also don't take reservations, so getting seated seems to be rather hit or miss. The entrees here are quite good, and reasonably priced. I would score them as a solid B+/A-. However, the real reason this place is a gem is, as everyone else has said, the mussels.$17 gets you a heaping bowl of plump, tender mussels cooked in a rich astoundingly flavorful red curry, with a side of frites. Simply amazing... and I don't even LIKE mussels. They're actually among my least favorite seafoods, and I cleaned the plate in under 20 minutes.Just go and get the mussels. Simple as that.P.S. They have a pretty comprehensive beer list, and the wine list is very reasonably priced as well.
4	This restaurant really is not my "thing". I say this only because I am 22 and do not have $100+ to throw down on a dinner for two. Luckily, my fairly affluent cousin and her husband were kind enough to give me a gift certificate to this restaurant for my birthday last year. They said only one thing; try the Belgium beer and the mussels.My girlfriend and I got there and waited a long time to get seats, this place is seriously popular and in that "quaint" kind of way. This isn't Olive Garden where they have some elaborate seating system in place. Expect to wait a little bit, grab a beer or a cocktail, and just enjoy the evening.Once we were seated we ordered the mussels in red sauce, beer, and the steak and frites. The mussels were incredible; juicy, nicely marinated in their sauce and most important of all plentiful. The beer was great as all Belgium beers are.The steak and fries arrived when the sun had finally slipped below the horizon. The candles were lit, giving the small restaurant even more charm. The fries were incredible. Double battered so they are extra crispy, just how I like them. The mayonnaise dipping sauce was very good even though it was a bit of a guilty pleasure. It was creamy and a little tangy with the taste of basil mellowing it out. The steak was tender, juicy, and cooked to perfection.I don't think it's possible to have a better dining experience. The night was calm and cool, the food incredible. The wait staff and fellow patrons created an atmosphere that was both communal and private.
5	Best Belgium Gem of PittsburghI have been to Brussels but not Bruges, but the minute you enter this place it screams of Belgium.  The ambiance is amazing, but what really impressed me was the amazing food.  There is nothing better than mussels and a Duvel to start off a great day.  Even better, this would rank as one of my top ten favorite brunch places ever, not just Pittsburgh.Yeah there is a little bit of a wait especially on the weekend, but the bar can definitely helped to fix the anxiety of wanting to eat their waffles. The staff was friendly enough to let me sample some brews before i made my purchase and knew what they were talking about.  So as I waited, I filled up on several belgium beers and then was seated.Now let me tell you something.  You have to try two things here.  The mussels and the waffles.  Somehow convince whoever you are with to get at least those dishes so you can have them too.  But are amazing and when mixed with the beer.  Excellent.  By the way, they do have mimosas, but I just love Belgium beer. End Result, excellent afternoon.
5	The best restaurant in Pittsburgh! Great food and beer, exceptional mussels (classic and Thai sauces are both fab). Super busy at peak times at the weekend...go early or late to avoid the crush
4	This review is of the Sunday Brunch only.Make sure you come early!!!  They open at 11 am and we came there 20 min. early and there was already a line forming.  So if you come 15 to 20 min early you should definitely be able to get seating right away.  I had the waffles with an assortment of berries on top.  Absolutely amazing.  They're almost like waffle cakes made crispy by possibly large amounts of butter?  Either way, amazing.  However, they are quite rich.  My friend had the eggs benedict and potato strudel.  The eggs benedict was fairly good and the potato strudel, although creative, just got an OK rating in the flavor department.  Overall, I will be coming back and can't wait to try some different dishes.
4	Point Brugge Cafe is a place you want to go every Sunday for brunch and wish you have one in every town you visit.  The restaurant itself is located in residential. It's cozy with cute decor.  We were there for Sunday brunch around noon and it was packed and they don't take reservation.  Fortunately, we were seated promptly. We ordered fries, mussels with curry sauce, Spanish omelette, and duck confit with hash brown.  The fries were very fresh and crisp, they are good to much on while waiting for our food.  Mussel curry was just the perfect right combination of spices and coconut making the sauce wonderfully flavorful It's a MUST TRY!!   Spanish omelette was not as impressive due to the salsa sauce over dominate the omelette taste. Duck confit was tender served with non greasy harsh brown.  We would go back to try other items on the menu. Minus one point for the service.  We had a bad waitress.  She was loud, pushy, impatient and rude.
5	Point Brugge is my absolute favorite place in Pittsburgh! It's now been a while since I was last there, but I know that we got a burger, the mac and cheese, and the tofu appetizer (at the very least). Re the tofu...don't judge -- we're from California. And in my California opinion, it was damn good. For that matter, everything was damn good. This place has great ambiance, and is the perfect size, too. I had a fabulous cocktail, and the service was friendly, attentive and informed. Overall, the food is superb, cocktails are amazing and ambiance is comfortable and genuine. One caveat....be prepared to wait. But, do wait -- it's well worth it.
5	Not a lot needs to be said about Point Brugge. Simply amazing, loved this place. Great food, cozy atmosphere, amazing mussels! Unlike other mussels I've had around Pittsburgh, Point Brugge's mussels were tender, juicy, and saturated with flavor. The mussel I ordered was with the red curry sauce, which I would definitely recommend to anyone. I did had to wait 2 full hours though, on a Saturday night and did not make a reservation.
5	Delightful, delectable, de-lovely! Driving up the street I could smell the wonderful aromas before even exiting the car! One of the best dining experiences in Pittsburgh. Walking in I soaked in the busy atmosphere and found the last seat at the bar as we waited to be sat. Pinot Please! We didn't wait long this night.For a starter I ordered the famous moules, they were out of this world! Plump, juicy, tender, and without the often found chewiness. The classic sauce consisted of white wine, shallots, garlic and light cream. I ate all the bread just to sop it up. I don't usually like to get full on filler bread but I couldn't help it. You can also have them prepared with Red curry coconut milk, lime juice, basil and cilantro or tomato saffron, and fennel broth. A-mazing!Intellectual types make the modish community. The whole place hums with wine, brews, food pouring out of the kitchen, and conversation.  It is a minimalistic design but so warm, and cozy as you sit at the candle lit mosaic tables in the huge storefront windows. The twinkling lights in the trees and the starry night seem massive outside, so European. They have more seating such as booths and other tables in the back but I loved where we were placed!My entree came out steaming as I fluffed the perfectly cooked noodles. I decided on the ragu bolognese since I had been craving it from HB's E2 dinner choice awhile back. A rich ragu made of beef, pork, and sweet sausage braised in red wine and herbs had my mouth singing! It's watering so bad right now as I close my eyes and remember it. Oh dang! fasting sucks right now! I had a large to go since I had eaten the bread but I was happy for the lunch a day later. I can't wait to visit again and again.
5	I couldn't wait to order the mussels in red curry sauce with a side of Brugge frites and bread. It was as good as advertised. I will go back just for this dish. From my count, nearly every table had an order of mussels and Brugge frites. No doubt this dish is a winner.
4	Great hostess service despite being SO crowded on a Tuesday night. Great phone service too.the food was pretty amazing. mussels in a delicious sauce with lots of crusty bread to dip in it. we had a really good fish entree and a mango salad. obviously a nice belgian beer selection and they have wine too.atmosphere is dimly lit, noisy but felt like the place to be. we had a nice booth on the upper level.
5	I had the most incredible lunch at Point Brugge Cafe today! The cafe is small, but not crowded. I felt the atmosphere was warm and cozy. The staff was friendly and smiley! My boyfriend and I started with the Brugge Frites, which are served with basil mayonnaise. These are awesome!! I would say these are a must order.I had the Brugge Seasonal Cobb salad for my entree. This salad was magic! There were so many flavors, but they all blended and played off of each other. Not one flavor overpowered any of the others, which is hard to do when blue cheese is involved. The amount of dressing on the salad was absolutely perfect! And, it was served with a piece of crusty, but soft bread.I look forward to enjoy more wonderful food at Point Brugge Cafe!
4	The cafe is quite small and very popular. I went on a sunday (lunch) and it was packed! Had to wait a bit before we got our table! We had the brugge frites, hot devil shrimp, and moules bowl. The brugge frites was delicious! I'm a big fan of frites so when I eat one that tastes appetizing, i will know so. Can't go wrong with this!  The hot devil shrimp were okay, not the best I've had, a bit too buttery, but some people enjoyed it as well. Lastly, the MOULES BOWL! This is a must! We like the white wine sauce THE BEST, but I've heard good things about the red sauce as well. The mussels were sooo delicious! If you want good mussels, go here!
5	Five years ago, when I was in the post-college, pre-career doldrums, I went to Point Brugge. Not the best idea. It's not much fun, when you're broke and working in the arts with no hope of real income in sight, to go to a pricey restaurant. That said, I still recall really enjoying my beef dish; albeit, enjoying with a hint of 'I won't be eating much but ramen the rest of the week.' Which shows you how much $20 can mean to someone.Going back and looking over the menu, it turns out everything is really reasonably priced for the quality (when you have a job that affords expendable income. Which I do now. Woo!)And brunch? Best. Seriously. This is the best brunch I've had in Pgh. There are two prix fixe options. One is about $23, one is $19. And you can order a la carte. And the Bloody Mary is spicy enough (in that creeping spice way) to make you burn a little. And I love it. If it wasn't so crowded with brunch lovers, even as late as 2pm, it would be a weekly visit.
4	I went to Europe for the first time last year and I was in love. Point Brugge makes me relive those memories and each time that I have gone to Point Brugge I always get the moules frites along with a Belgium beer. The mussels are cooked just right and the broth is delicious that you can't help to soak all of your fries in them. The bartender and waiters have always been super friendly and knowledgeable, and the decor is contemporary but laid back and intimate. Point Brugge is tucked into a residential area so you'll be street parking and will need to keep your eyes opened. I have yet to have brunch or try other entrees but have heard both are good too. This is a popular place so if you go during peak hours on a weekend night help yourself to a few good beers at the bar.
5	I love this place even with the crowds.  It is alive and while we wait we order fries and have a couple of beers-  I like the scene, it is lively and I feel like I am going out not just eating.  The chef is nice the servers know the menu and they have a great bar.  I have not ordered anything I did not like on the menu.  Steak Frite is a standard for me as are the mussels in white wine- I love the frites here.
5	Point Brugge Cafe! I've been wanting to go to this place since Winter break, but I never got around to it since it was so freaking cold in Pittsburgh, and I didn't know that my friend had a car until later. We had attempted once to go on Easter Sunday, but that day being Easter, it was unfortunately closed (Yes, I'm so fobby that I didn't expect it). But anyway, my other friend, Ben, was also interested in going so I went with him last night and had dinner there.The restaurant was really small, so even on a Wednesday night we had to wait for twenty minutes for the two of us.  I told him that their specialty was moules (mussels) and frites (fries) and so that's all we ordered.  There are 3 types of sauces for the moules: garlic, red curry, and spicy tomato.  Both of us got the red curry (I was hoping he would get another one...) but he got the bigger platter with the frites.  It also came with a chunk of french bread which was also really good.  Overall, the meal was delicious.The red curry sauce was really, really good.  It was made of coconut milk, basil, onions, and other amazing ingredients which I do not remember, but it made a great dipping sauces for moules, bread and frites.   The frites came with a thick mayonnaise-like sauce and it looked liked it had either green onions or something in them.  It was incredibly creamy.  The coating for the frites was amazing too.  Incredibly crispy and crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, and I suppose lightly salted.  The moules were really fresh. They also didn't have any seafood stench to it, or strong taste of innards (you know, like the brains of shrimps?).  It really took up the smell and taste of the sauce it was in.  I personally love anything that has basil in it, so the meal was definitely amazing, and I would definitely come back.  It was cheap for me - 13 dollars including tip, and of course we could always ask for more bread.Amazingly delicious.  I can't wait to go back again, especially when I'm old enough to have some beer with the meal =D.
4	Great place tucked away in a quiet Pittsburgh neighborhood.  Never had anything but the mussels frites and don't particularly have a reason to as they're so consistently tasty.  A glass of cold wine and a big bowl full of mussels is a great way to spend a Pittsburgh summer night.
2	It had to happen, I eat here and have good consistent meals and service.  This place is always packed so it comes as no surprise that we would have to wait but we did not wait long and we were seated mid way through my bar order.  When we  got to our table and ordered.  I decided to try something new, I ordered  tofu Bihm Ma sandwich and I got Mango Tofu appetizer that  I did not order which I sent back.  When the tofu sandwich arrived 25 minutes later it was served on an old baguette and was covered in coleslaw for a sandwich that was so bad I could not eat it.  The wait staff had a oh well attitude that left me feeling like I had something wrong with my taste buds.  No one with me would taste it to prove me right.  I had the waiter wrap it up and tried it again for breakfast and no surprise it got worse.  Stick to the mussels,  beware that Point Bruges does not  care about replacing  a  bad order.  Yuck.  Too bad because I thought this place was a cut above.  I feel like they were getting me back for having  the nerve to send back something I did not order.
3	Cute little place!Fries were wonderful, steak salad very good.  The french dip sandwich was good and bad - steak was great, the au jus was _pure salt_.  So salty that it wasn't edible, thank goodness it was served on the side. We'd definitely return, but like an earlier reviewer, we also noticed a lack of service on a Saturday afternoon.  Our order was taken, then we received our food from someone else, and never saw anyone again until we got the bill, so fortunately we didn't need anything during our meal.Dessert was perhaps slightly above average, wouldn't bother next time.
4	Point Brugge has great food and a good atmosphere. For appetizers, I would really recommend getting the cheese and meat plates. Think stinky cheeses, sharp granular mustard, and decadent cuts of great cured meat. Hands down favorite for an entree is the traditional Moules Frites. I would also recommend the ice cream with Belgian chocolate sauce. Dark and rich. See the photos already posted if you're on the fence. They also do fish and pork well here. The Mac and Cheese is an amazing appetizer that a few friends who came here when they visited me four years ago, still rave about .   The only reservation I have is about the wait. The restaurant is small, which gives its layout a more intimate feel than most higher-end Pittsburgh restaurants, but means that there can be often a wait of at least an hour if you come on a popular night. This can be fun if you're with friends or on a date. You'll end up squeezed around the bar, enjoying (reasonably priced) wine or one of their many Belgian beers. Unfortunately, it also means that it doesn't make sense to go here if you're starving, if you need to take people out for business, or are on a tight schedule.
4	Delicious food, great beer selection. Worth every penny!
5	It's always a pleasure to dine at Point Brugge.  Everything, from the great service and excellent beer selection to the fantastic food, makes each visit a memorable one.  Point Brugge is a semi-upscale neighborhood restaurant, where you can wear jeans and a tee shirt but spend (only) $80 on a dinner for two that you'll talk about for weeks.I've been to Point Brugge about 10 times in the past six years (granted, I didn't live in Pittsburgh for about four of those years), and I've never ordered anything I didn't end up thoroughly enjoying.  This is your destination if you crave fries and a burger or a perfectly-cooked South American fish filet topped with a new age chutney.  Regardless of your tastes, you'll find something excellent at Point Brugge.
5	Here's how to have one of the best meals you've had in a long time: Moules Frites (Mussels & Fries) and Beer Cheese Soup for appetizers. Honestly, you could stop here and be perfectly happy. Seriously, these are life-changing fries. The Belgains figured out something that would shock any American eatery...if you deep-fry something TWICE it turns out even better...yes, twice-fried fries....crispy, served piping hot.....awesome! The mussels are fresh and flavorful (classic preparation), and served with crunchy french bread to soak up all the beautiful juices. Bring some gum for after-dinner...because holy moly is there a lot of garlic in it!We had a total of five beers (3 styles...the Southern Tier Farmer's Tan pairs especially well with the moules frites)For entrees, we had the Cobb Salad (a beautiful mix of blue cheese, egg, seasonal fruit, and veggies), and Goat Cheese salad, and a Cafe Chicken Sandwich. For dessert...the ice cream with belgian chocolate sauce is not be missed. Smooth, rich, and just enough to split. Total Damage: about $100 for dinner for 3, with all the trimmings and booze!
4	Proof positive that good food exists in Pittsburgh.  This tiny, funky place has a great atmosphere and is quite literally a neighborhood spot (which is to say it's actually on residential street with nothing but homes around it.)Classic dishes such as moules frittes and steak frites are exceptionally well executed.  My favorite, though, is the rich and satisfying ragu Bolognese.  This is a blueprint for how this dish should be made.  I wanted to lick the bowl clean of every drop delectable sauce.In addition to the great food is a strong beer list, that leans slightly toward Belgians, but also features a good selection of American micros.  Bar staff is very literate in their beer knowledge, which is always appreciated.Definitely a place worth seeking out.
4	Very cute cafe with great atmosphere and a nice patio. The food was good and the service was good. They also have a great selection of beers. I had the chicken skewers. They were good and cooked perfectly, but I would have preferred a little bit more flavor. My friend loved her spicy pulled pork sandwich. Very nice place. I would definitely go back.
5	Curried Carrot soup for an appetizer, delicious, a little too spicy for me, but others at my table loved it.  The Frites (fries) are amazing, they come with an herb mayo dipping sauce which makes them so so tasty.  I split the mediterranean platter (olive hummus, some kind of wal nut dip, fresh veggies with cheese sprinkles over top), there was so much food we ended up eating it for a couple days.  Everything was so fresh and delicious, would highly reccomend!
4	This is mine and my fiances go to place for an easy meal when we don't feel cooking. Everything is always delicious and freshly prepared and every server is interested in the food and always gives great recommendations! Standouts: Cheese board (a few different types always tasty and great for sharing)Beer and Cheese soup (tastes a little different every time, but always delicious and warming)Red Curry Mussels (Our favorite thing on the menu.  A must order every time we go with extra bread for soaking up all of the broth) Beers and cocktails are all stellar and well made.  Service is laid back and you never feel like you are being rushed out even with a line out the door.
5	Ok, so I know this place has a ton of reviews already, but the Yelp reviews is what made me try it in the first place so I felt the need to comment as well. My mom and I visited Point Brugge on a Saturday afternoon on a recent trip to Pittsburgh. We shared the moules in wine and garlic, a side of frites (natch), and the mac and cheese (we were obviously in the mood for carbs and decadence). Everything was delicious, piping hot, and came out quickly. The mac and cheese was a perfect blend of three cheeses and was probably our favorite dish, although we'd be happy to eat all of them again! Even though the restaurant was packed we didn't feel rushed at all. A good beer selection and good service helped the experience as well. This was our first meal in Pittsburgh (ever!) and was a great choice. Can't wait to go back!
5	One word...Amazing! Service was great and everything taste so good! Mussels a must!
5	Great experience, worth the wait (35 min)! Relatively small venue with a good vibe.  Excellent cuisine served in a casual but upscale environment.  We enjoyed the mussels in thai curry to start -- just the right consistency broth and amount of curry.  Great to soak up with the ample bread provided.  Steak and Frites was just what we were seeking -- cooked to right temp and crisp frites.  Also had the seafood in lovely broth.  Small wine list but very reasonably priced and good selections.A nice date place. Great to have a weeknight dinner when crowds may be less.  No place to wait but we enjoyed a glass of wine curbside since there was no traffic (seemed to be the thing to do, at least in summer!).
3	We traveled to Point Brugges last night from Mt. Lebanon, specifically in order to satisfy a craving for mussels. We waited about 10 minutes for a table, were seated, ordered beer, and only then were we told that they were out of mussels!!! What a disappointment.  Other than that we had a decent meal, the beer+cheese soup was good, the fries were transcendent, but we probably wouldn't have come all the way out to the East End on a Sunday evening just for those things.  Oh well, c'est la vie
5	One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh, hands down!They don't take reservations, so the wait can be really long during peak hours, but it's definitely worth it. We usually went in the middle of lunch/dinner (~3pm) and there were always tables available. I'm pretty sure I've eaten everything off the menu, and byfar the best dish they have are the moules frites. My favorite sauce is the red curry and their fries are to die for, to DIE FOR! They are freshly made and perfectly crispy with the right amount of potato inside and they come with the BEST homemade mayonnaise. I would recommend the Liege waffles if you make it for Sunday brunch. Tastes so refreshing with the fruit on top, and the waffle is delicious, perfect crispy, and not overwhelmingly sweet. As for their other dishes, the crab cakes are pretty good as well as the chicken skewers. The steak frites is always an excellent choice for a main entree and you get more fries with it! I am literally salivating as I write this review.This place has great food and a friendly staff; definite must if you are in town.
5	In one word, awesome.  I went to Square Cafe a week ago and my experience didn't meet the high expectations that were set based on reading the reviews of other yelpers.  Today, that wasn't the case.  Point Brugge met and exceeded my expectations.  This place hit the right spot for Sunday brunch and I'll be going back here for dinner sometime soon.I ordered from the prix fixe brunch menu, which includes your entree, a side and a brunch beverage.  There are two price ranges to choose from depending on your entree, $23 or $19.  I went with the Liege waffles at $19 which are topped with the fresh fruit of the day.  They must have known I was coming because they topped it with my absolute favorite fruit, fresh mangos, and pecans.  The waffles were crispy and had just the right amount of sweetness.  Their flavor was very unique and I'm almost embarrased to admit that I cleaned my plate.  Despite being full, I couldn't leave anything behind.  I also had the potato struedel and a mimosa.  The potato struedel was good but I think it could have used a bit more salt or maybe some cheese that had a little more of a bite to add a little more flavor.  The mimosa was excellent and was served in a wine glass versus a champagne flute.  I'm all for a bigger serving of mimosa and unlike the waffles, I felt no guilt over finishing my drink.The service was excellent and the waiter gave us a great run down of the favorites on the menu since we were first timers.  We didn't have any issue with the wait.  I got there at noon and got the last available table (although it could have been the rain and 1PM Steelers game that eased the long wait time).  This little hidden gem is a must visit.
5	It's taken me way too long to get here!  Especially with all the rave reviews.  So naturally, you'd have to ask after that statement, did it live up to the hype?  Absolutely!If not for the popularity, you'd never know it was here!  It's amidst a cute little row of houses.  When you walk inside it gives you a homey feel, since it's so tiny inside.  But the food packs a huge punch!It's hard to chose what part of the day you should come here based on how great everything sounded from the reviews.  Since brunch wins me over most of the time, I chose that.  Good thing I was not disappointed in the least!I love me a prix fixe meal because it offers a lot of options.  The prices for these are $19 and $23 depending on what you pick.  I chose the Eggs Benedict, Potato Strudel and Mimosa.  First off, the mimosa was slammin'!  They don't give you a dinky champagne glass, they serve it in a wine glass.  Total win!  Speaking of large and in charge, the loaf of bread my eggs and Canadian bacon sat atop was HUGE!  it was delish and most definitely fresh. The eggs were a fluffy-ness I've never experienced before and the Hollandaise sauce was light and abundant.  I need lots of sauce and it included enough for dipping.The potato strudel was equally as yummy.  It's made with Parmesan sauce that is actually making my mouth water as I type this.  This should for sure be your side dish pic.  Although, I'm sure the other ones are winners as well!  I will note that we didn't have to wait for a table at all, which probably had something to do with particular sports team playing at the same time, our win though!  Our server was incredibly friendly and helped make suggestions on different food items.  The meals came out super fast too.  I was really amazed at how smoothly everything was!  We kept glancing over at other people's dishes ogling what their choices were.  I wouldn't say it was food jealousy, because ours was equally as fab, but everything that came out of the kitchen just looked so darn good!  Of course, I absolutely want to come back and try the mussels.  I will NOT wait too long again...see you there soon!
5	Very good food and service. Brugge frittes w basil mayo is a must. Even though the place is mainly famous for the mussles their meat plates are gorgeous as well. The environment is very nice too. However, it is small abd might have a long waiting time in busy hours.
4	Just had Sunday brunch here and I had high expectations for the Liege waffles since after all this is a Belgian restaurant.  The waffles came topped with "spiced apple" fruit topping.  First cut into the waffles, they were super dry.  The taste was good, but they were too burnt and dry for me to enjoy them.  The fruit topping was pretty good, but the waffles also came with big slices of cantaloupe, pineapple and honeydew melon, which were just terrible.  Regardless of the fruit, the star should be the waffles, but they certainly fell short of my expectations.  If you want good waffles, go to Waffalonia in Squirrel Hill.  My boyfriend ordered the croque madam, which he was excited about, but once again everything was dry.  The slices of brioche were huge and burnt (DRY!!!!!).  It was supposed to come with ham and gruyere inside, but there was not much ham or gruyere to be found.  The slice of ham in the sandwich was also dry.  I tried some of his sandwich and I could not cut through the ham.  At least the bechamel sauce was decent, but the rest of the sandwich was disappointing.  We still love this place, but maybe the key is to not go here for Sunday brunch.  We've been to lunch and dinner here many times and were not disappointed.  We just won't return for brunch.
5	Pointe Brugge is upscale casual amazing Belgian cuisine.  Everything is great but the highlight is the PEI mussels in a white wine curry sauce.  It's amazing with the Belgian frites that come with the homemade mayo dipping sauces.  We've had great brunch here too, and they have a tiny patio when it's nice out.  The roasted tomato and spinach dip appetizer is also a highlight.  They also don't take reservations - you have to put your name in and wait.
5	A perfect night at Point Brugge-  we got lucky and scored a booth within 10 minutes of arrival on a jammed packed Saturday night.  Had a wonderful Octoberfest on tap- they give taste samples so you make sure you like before you order.  Tonight I had the Carbanade Flamonde- a Belgian braised beef stew that is very flavorful because it is cooked with fresh herbs , rosemary , carrots and onions and the secret ingredient Belgian brown ale.  I am a sucker for the fries as well.  Our server was fast.  After a long and blustery day a little comfort was found at Point Brugge.  A local crowd pleaser that is consistantly good.  My kids love it there too-  Burgers and Mac and cheese are real winners.
1	I've been here several times and I like the food.  Mussels and frites are good.  Don't ever order the Ragu Bolognese.  It is by far the worst dish I've ever tasted.  Seriously, after a few bites, I had to push it to the end of the table.  It was runny and watery.  The flavor taste like crap.  I can't believe such a bad dish exist at this place when their other food is good.The last time I came here it was for my birthday.  My two friends never been here before.  They graciously paid for my dinner with a credit card and I ended up leaving a 15% cash tip.A few days later, my friend called me and told me that Point Brugge overcharged her.  She was over $8.  When my friend called she was told that $8 was written on a tip line.  The total didn't even match the cost + tip.   They said there is nothing they can do because they have to go by the receipt (even though it was obviously written in after we left).  They still said they can't do anything.  I understand they have to go by the receipt.  However, this leave us no opinion other than that our server or someone else wrote in an extra $8 for themselves and management is fine with their servers writing in their own tip.  They might be super nice but end up adding their own tip to your receipt.  Keep a copy of it, take a photo with your phone, and don't leave the tip line empty.  Be sure you fill it in no matter what.  You don't want to get robbed by one of the workers and management.
4	Came here for an afternoon snack before meeting up with friends for dinner.  Point Brugge is situated in the suburbs and mostly residential area.  The place was beautifully decorated and the ambiance was awesome, even though it was in the middle of the afternoon.  My friend and I just ordered the pom frites with the basil-mayo dipping sauce and loved them!  Fried to perfection and came out piping hot.  The dipping sauce was delicious as well!I would definitely go back and try out the other items on their menu.  If I were still in Pittsburgh, of course.
5	i came to this cute, upscale cafe for early lunch on a friday, and loved everything about it. the environment, service, and of course, the food! my date and i ordered the roasted tomato and spinach dip to start, and then a pound of mussels (each...) with the brugge frites.i probably could've been full and finished eating just after the dip, but the mussels... the mussels were just sooo good. we finished them alllll, along with the frites. and of course, frites are always delicious (but i would say that the pomme frites i've gotten back in new york were better).i'd imagine this place gets pretty busy, but i had no trouble on a friday afternoon!
3	So Point Brugge was a pretty big disappointment. After reading numerous review calling this the best restaurant in Pittsburgh, I really expected to be blown out of the water - I was not. So let's talk about the food and service...Things that were excellent:Hop shrimp -- generous sized shrimped, fluffy batter, tangy dip. Service -- more on that later. Things that were good:Mediterranean Tuna Sandwich -- chewy bread, zesty dressingFrites -- we got a plate full of 1/4 inch nubby pieces, which was pretty disappointing. But, I am rating on taste alone. They tasted good and I can see why people who have likely grown accustomed to potato patch fries would find these to be wonderful. However, just about every restaurant I have been to outside of this area that touts homemade fries employs the double fry method that makes these fries good. Things that were ok:House slaw -- lots of citrus in the dressing, but crispy cabbage that's shredded and not minced up. Would be delicious if used as a condiment and not as a side. I know what you are thinking, "How very Pittsburgh of you, Amber". My thought is, this would be AMAZING on a fish taco. The citrus pairs well with fish and seafood, as a side to beef or chicken? Not really. Things that were bad:Sitting at the bar to eat when 10-15 are waiting to be seated. We sat at the two stools that are at the end of the bar. There is a half wall 2-3 feet behind those stools. For our ENTIRE meal, 4 people stood behind us coughing, sneezing and talking arguing if a word was Spanish or Portuguese waiting to be seated. Cafe Chicken -- I would never claim to be a foodie with a super discerning palate, but I can certainly tell when a cut of meat has not been seasoned and has been over cooked. Such was the chicken breast on this sandwich -- extremely dry and bland . In addition, the roasted red peppers, which is one of my favorite foods, were slimy. I ate 3 bites of this sandwich and stopped. I was very hungry when we went, I was reasonable hungry when we left. I would have disappointed getting this sandwich from Ground Round, I was extremely disappointed getting it from the supposed best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Back to the service (which remember falls in the excellent category). I didn't complain about the chicken sandwich, as this place was packed and we'd already had been there for an hour before our food came (and people just kept coming as we ate). After our waiter offered me a box 3 times, I was nice but told him the sandwich really wasn't good and I didn't want to take it. He looked horrified and took it off our bill without me asking him to. We were here at 2 pm on a Saturday. If I could find a time this place wasn't completely packed (we had a 20 minutes wait to be seated), I would try it again if I was randomly in Point Breeze and hungry. But I wouldn't wait for it and I wouldn't make it a point to come back again. Yeah, I was only here once -- and I typically don't review places I have only visited one -- in this case, I felt I had to because of all the hype.
5	Stop in for a Dale's Pale Ale!
5	I was at Point Brugge Cafe for my third visit last night, and I just can't tell you in words how much I love this place.  Of course, that won't stop me from trying.The menu is on the pricier side (for my budget, anyway, about $22 for an entree on average ... caveat, I did not actually do the math on that), but man, do you get bang for your buck.  The portions are very generous, and the flavor is unbeatable. I love it, my choosy parents loved it, my eat-anything husband loves it, you will also love it.A few words of advice.  1) Don't eat at the bar if you're looking for a cozy, intimate experience.  This is common sense that probably applies to any restaurant.  I've always held out for a table at the back, and it is worth it.2) They do not take reservations, and the space is pretty tiny.  Expect to wait as long as an hour for a table when it's busy (which is often).  Good things come to those who wait!  (Side note, at 5:45 p.m. on a Sunday night, the place was busy, but we got a table immediately.)3) Order the moules.  The classic white wine AND the red curry sauce are both fabulous.  For an entree, GET THE CARBONNADE FLAMANDE.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  The beef is tender, the sauce is amazing, it even reheats well for leftovers (and you will have leftovers).I spent a lovely casual evening with my parents at Point Brugge when they visited from out of town, and I also enjoyed a romantic dinner with my husband there for his birthday a few months ago.  Great place for special occasions or a nicer-than-usual meal.
3	This has always been one of my very favorite places in Pittsburgh.   I regret to say that we were mildly disappointed on Saturday evening (11/12).  The fine beer was wonderful as usual.  We ordered the moules and frites as we always do, but this time the mussels were not as fine as our previous visits.  Many of the shells didn't open and they were not as free from grit as their previous standards called for.  The food has been so good, that we have to return, but this was a cut below their past performance.
5	Wow, I went this place for the first time not really knowing what to expect. All I kept hearing was that the mussels were fantastic. I'm not a huge fan of mussels so I was just having a cheerful "We'll see about that!" attitude on me. They don't take reservations and we got there and the space was small, but not in a bad way. It was warm, inviting, a little crowded and they told us that it would be about a 45 minute wait for a table. Not really caring about waiting, we grabbed a delicious pumpkin ale at the bar and chatted for a bit and we got a table in more like...20 minutes? We sat down, our waiter was very nice and attentive and we ordered our meals. I felt like the food took a bit too long but once I got my order of mussels and took the first bite, my first thought was that this was certainly worth the wait! My meal (I had the garlic mussels with frites) was completely amazing and If I could have fit more in my belly, I would have. The staff, the service, the food, all of it was more than I expected and I loved every minute of it. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone and I will most certainly be back as soon as possible! Definitely one of my new favorites here in the 'burgh!
5	On a whim we decided to take our 3 kids, aged 9, 6 and 4 out to dinner tonight.  I called up to confirm that they weren't too busy and we rolled in to find the place busy, but with a couple of tables open.Great, friendly and prompt service, essential when you are travelling with kids :-)But the food, the food is why we were there.All I can say is wow.  WOW. My wife ordered the Moules, red curry sauce; and we thought it was good, damn good, until I tried my Carbonnade Flamade.  Beef braised in Belgian brown ale.  WOW.  Mouthwatering good.  I love you but I am *not* sharing this with you, good. Paired with a Chimay Blanche, I was in heaven.I have heard of Point Brugge for some time and never managed to get around there until tonight.  I will be going back, and soon.To be clear, this is not a 5-star restaurant.  You can probably get better food elsewhere.  But, this is a simple concept delivered very well.  The atmosphere is very homely, comfortable and inviting.  The service friendly and efficient.  The food met or exceeded my expectations, and these were set pretty high.As we were leaving, around 7:15, we walked past a long line of people waiting for a seat, so my suggestion would be to be early if you can...
4	This restaurant has been on my "to try" list for awhile, so I was happy when friends asked to meet us here for lunch. It's a mixed bag, for sure, but some of what we tried was very good. I had the Chaud Chevre, which is a salad of greens, roasted red peppers and goat cheese tossed in their house dressing...I asked for it topped with salmon. The salad itself was very good, with fresh, crisp greens, great quality chevre and a nice tangy vinaigrette. They overcooked the salmon, but not to the point of dryness, so I didn't send it back. Next time I would ask for it medium rare. Doug had the mussels in curry, and this dish is terrific; mussels cooked perfectly in a delicious red curry, redolent of ginger. Usually when you order this dish at a French bistro the fries come with it, but they don't do that here, so Doug ordered up a batch. These fries would be great if they weren't so greasy, and the mayo that accompanied them was just too heavy, so these need work. One of our friends ordered the grilled cheese sandwich, and it was petite. I noticed, looking around the room, that other sandwiches were also small, so getting your money's worth can be an issue here, depending on what you order. They have a good selection of Belgian beers, which are listed under types. It would be nice if they described these types on the beer menu for novices; I imagine if you sit at the bar you'd get assistance from the bartender. It's also a tiny space with exposed brick walls and wood floors, so it gets noisy, and would probably not be a good choice for a first date. The food was good enough to get me back in, and I look forward to trying more of the menu.
4	Ventured here for my fifth visit or so & took GF and my nephew. The red curry mussels were divine, as always, with crusty baguette for sopping up the delicious broth. Frites w/ mayo were nice & crisp. Enjoyed the mustard salmon which is my usual staple there. GF ordered the Chaud Chevre salad w/ salmon which arrived in a huge bowl. Very good. Nephew enjoyed steak w/ blue cheese crumbles on the side but said he wished he ordered the salmon after tasting mine. Really great service on a very busy night. Bathroom is tiny but super clean. Well done, Point Brugge! Park Brugge location is good but not yet great.
4	Neat little cafe with nice ambiance.  A bit cramped at some tables but on the whole pretty romantic.The fries are to die for.  We ordered the veggie burger and the tofu banh mi sandwich.  The bread was crusty and tasty on both dishes.  The Banh Mi was a little light on sauce but overall well done.  Service was slow but friendly.  I really enjoyed the beer selections as well.  The staff was really helpful in helping us with pairing our food and beverage.  I will likely return.
4	My wife and I had lunch with another couple today. This was my first trip so I decided to go with what the reviews say are must eats. I had mussels in red curry and an order of fries. The mussels were perfectly done and very tasty. I loved the red curry, light and bright tasting with ginger and a nice crusty baguette to sop with. The fries were a little greasy, really too oily to pair with a very heavy mayo. The mayo was nice but could be lighter. My wife liked her salad very much, the salmon was perhaps a bit overdone and another second and would have been too dry. She thought the chevre that came on the salad was terrific. I tried a few bites of the chocolate mousse cake and it was pretty good too. Good coffee. The service was very good. We'll definitely go back to try some more menu items at dinner.   It's 3.5 stars for me.
5	Love the mussels and the dessert are phenomenal. Be prepared to wait though if you have more than 2 or 3 people because the restaurant has limited seating but it is well worth the wait. Have gone two times in the last month and want to go again.
4	After walking through Frick Park and going through the Frick Museum we wandered down to Point Brugge.  At about 2:30 on a Sat afternoon they were packed.  We were starving and had a bad experience at a "gastro pub" the night before so we waited about 10 mins for a table.  Service was prompt and friendly.  We ordered the crab cakes and Steak Au Jus sandwich.  My husband suggested I have the Duck Rabbit Porter with my sandwich.  Most excellent pairing as I think a hint of coffee might have been in the au jus.  The crab cakes were nice and plump.  Everything coming out of the kitchen looked amazing.  I've always had a great experience at Point Brugge.  Great food, great service and great beer.  We will be back again and again.
4	Small, but trendy bistro type restaurant. With its size it can get crowded and loud pretty quick. Not a good place for children or groups over 6. Other than that, the food is fantastic! Very tasty and somewhat unique menu, which applied to the appetizers, entrees, and deserts alike. Try something new each time and you'll still have a great meal!
5	Found this place on yelp when I was traveling through Pittsburgh.Food, atmosphere, and staff were all amazing!!
3	Too heavy.  Too sweet.  Too salty.  The food is somewhat fresh, but the preparation is lacking.   Nothing special with the menu except for the beer.
5	WOW! Really glad that Yelp! steered me here on my short trip to Pittsburgh.I'm not one to frequently order mussels, but WOW, these were freaking amazing!  I ordered the small bowl of mussels in the curry sauce, which was strongly recommended by the bartender--who was also fantastic.  I seriously wish that I could have bought a gallon of the curry sauce to bring back to my hotel room and bathe in.  It was incredible.  I was even forced to ask for some extra bread (which was also great) to sop up all of that delicious mussel infused curry sauce.  I thought I'd start with the mussels because I think that's what they're known for, but I also ordered the crab cakes, which were equally, if not more, incredible.  If I had a degree in food journalism I might describe them as sumptuous, flaky, and moist, which I'm sure they were, but all I know is that they were some of the BEST crab cakes I've had in a long time.  They were also paired with a really nice roasted red pepper salad.To top it all off, I thought the atmosphere here was great.  As I mentioned earlier, the bartender was friendly, informative, and was serving up some delicious belgian beers.  This place would be great for a date, but I was quite comfortable sitting at the bar alone. To all you PIttsburgher's who insist upon eating a giant sandwich topped with fries (my hotel was actually serving a salad topped with fries?!?), try Point Brugge--the food is incredible and the people are great!
5	Excellent beer, and excellent food. Never disappoints.
5	This is one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants. I have taken out of town friends and have dined there with others. Everyone feels the same way as I. The salmon dinner and salmon salad are fantastic as are the mussels and frittes.I highly recommend both locations (Park Brugges and Point Brugge).
1	I have in the past loved this place--but WHAT-SUP??the floor was dirty, the service slow and unattentive --if the waitress had ever asked I would have told her  the food was cold and tasteless--and that was the 'special' !!despite this the place was packed so i guess they are resting on their laurels... too bad.
5	Excellent food, service, trendy atmosphere.  Cozy, but not too small to accommodate the crowd.  Popular, but not too loud for conversation.
5	One of thee best eateries in Pittsburgh.  The mussels in any of their sauces are fantastic.
5	So let's say it's a lazy Saturday or Sunday afternoon, around 4 or 5, and you had an earlier lunch and are getting hungry. Or maybe you had a long day and are...getting hungry and just wanna treat yoself. Immediately head over to Point Brugge and order the red curry mussels (large, with frites) and delicious delicious beer. If you're not feeling thai flavors or what to switch it up, go for the regular white wine sauce. Either way, I doubt there's anything more delicious. The chevre salad is another favorite, along with the seasonal cobb, which we order when we're trying to eat some vegetables with our mussel sauce soaked bread and beer.As someone who gets hangry when there is a long wait, going early is the best way to enjoy this neighborhood gem. If you show up on a weekend around 6 you'll probably already have a wait. If you're not starving, this is a great time to drink some beers while you're waiting, but it might be a while.The beers aren't cheap, at around $9 each, but that's because they're amazing. And I'd argue that the dollar per %ABV ratio brings them closer to the $5/6 US microbrews. I don't really like beers that are too hoppy and luckily the Belgians are not into the hops. The duvel, korsendonk, dekonick are some names of beers I like that I can remember. Of course, you can never go wrong with 'the best beer in the world' delirium tremens. The bf has recently been enjoying the flemmish sours which are tart and unlike anything else I've had. He thinks they go great with the mussels. I'd suggest jotting down a beer you like into your phone to remember for next time as things start to get a little hazy. The names are hard to remember!
5	Indisputably the best mix of atmosphere, food and drink I ever experienced in the Pittsburgh area. Breakfast, lunch or dinner; it's all wonderful!
4	totally totally totally LOVE!!! I dont even know where to start. We went for brunch over the weekend and were seated right away. A few tables outside and a beautiful space inside. The menu is well rounded and good portion size actually. I ordered the mac and cheese while my boo ordered a bread salad. We were not disappointed at all. So. Good. If you haven't been here, you must go.
4	Came here on a Sunday with the bf at around noon for brunch. Luckily there was no wait at all and we were seated inside. Our waitress was super friendly and made all the daily specials sound amazingly delicious! I came here craving French toast and I stuck with it despite everything else sounding so tasty as well. My bf got the daily special for the omelette and he enjoyed it. The French toast I got at first looked completely burnt (see pic I posted), however the black crusts were from the sugar caramelization (is that a word?). It was super delicious with the syrup they had on the bottom (somewhat tasted like condensed milk. YUM!) Because of the "burnt" parts of the French toast, the only complaint I had was that the bread was hard and it was difficult to cut with the knife. Other than that, the food was delicious, service was great and the prices were affordable!
4	Last year, I had the chance to eat at Brugge Brasserie in Broadripple, Indiana, a brugge style restaurant that is very similar to Point Brugge, as well as Pittsburgh's the Sharp Edge, and ever since I've been trying to get to Point Brugge to see what they have to offer. While I enjoyed my meal there, I don't believe it lives up to the hype.Don't get me wrong- the food was very good. We had their cheese board with sausage (although we got cured meats, not sausage with ours) that was fresh and distinct, and our mussels were cooked well with a tasty wine sauce. The rest of the menu also looked topnotch, and the selection of Belgium beers was huge. However, the restaurant is small. The decor reminded me of a cheaper version of Gullifity's. My seat, which was up on the riser section, was vibrating the whole time I was there- I think I was sitting on an A/C unit or some sort of kitchen appliance. The waitstaff was okay- when I asked about which beer I should try, our waiter didn't seem to know which beer tasted like what, and would give answers like "oh yeah, that's a good Belgium beer" when I would ask how it tastes. My mussels were good, but not fantastic- anywhere else, these would be very good, but for a place that I've been told has amazing food, I didn't think they were that great. My frittes were a bit soggy, not the crispy flavor I'm used to in frittes.Maybe I was spoiled since Brugge Brasserie in Broadripple, Indiana made their own beer and the mussel choices had 20 some flavors (mmm, bacon and blue cheese mussels), or maybe it was so hyped up that it didn't live up to it's reputation. I think Point Brugge has good food and a great beer selection, but I don't see myself making a special trip to go back there.
2	Noisey, limited atmosphere
4	Went to Point Brugge Cafe for lunch yesterday with a friend, and overall I was quite impressed! I knew I would probably enjoy this place, based on looking at the menu online and reading such favorable Yelp reviews. Quite a few delicious veggie options, it was hard to choose. It was a beautiful afternoon so we were able to sit outside. The surroundings were very neighborhood-y and cute. We were feeling thirsty and each ordered a yummy specialty cocktail. I ordered the mango and tofu, and I really enjoyed it. The mango was grilled to a great texture and served over a bed of spinach with a ginger brandy sauce. So good! The tofu was lightly breaded and had some sesame seeds incorporated for some crunch. The flavors were light, refreshing, not overly sweet, and the contrasts of textures was very welcome (not always the easiest task with tofu!). My friend got the crab BLT. For obvious reasons I didn't taste it, but the colors were pleasing, the ciabatta looked very fresh and delicious, and she really enjoyed her choice.I am very much looking forward to my next trip back to Point Brugge Cafe. Perhaps after I try a few more dishes, I'll be able to give it a 5 star rating!
4	Came here for brunch and I wasn't disappointed. The reviews said to order the mussels so everyone in my party did just that. It was pretty good but I felt like we missed out on other things on the menu. I'd definitely come back. The service was pretty good too
4	Finally tried it out for brunch! We absolutely had to have some of the red curry moules which were outstanding as usual in terms of flavor, but we did have about 8-10 unopened mussels in the portion, which seemed a bit disproportionately high for the amount we received. The hubby ordered steak and eggs.  He ordered the steak rare, but it came out about medium if not a little over, but the flavor was good.  It was also served with frites which are always out of this world, and these were no exception. I ordered the eggs Benedict and I was not a fan (I actually sent it back).  I wasn't aware that it was served over brioche and though I do love a good brioche, it was just too much bread to stand up to the toppings and it felt sort of as though I was eating a dry sponge. For dessert we ordered a single Liege waffle with chocolate sauce.  This was a transcendent waffle!  It was soft and crunchy at the same time and the flavor is indescribable, just order it and enjoy you can thank me later! Overall though this wasn't the best meal that I have had at this restaurant, it was delicious and I will return many more times just not for the eggs benedict.
4	My wife and I have eaten at point brugge before, but today we decided to try them for Sunday brunch. Of course I must recommend that any self respecting foodie try their moules, they come in three varieties and I highly recommend the red curry coconut milk sauce. The frites come with mayo (as they should) and are crisp and scrumptious. I had the steak and eggs, which was perfectly cooked and served with a horseradish cream sauce. My wife had the eggs benedict with a pesto hollandaise. Although not noted on the menu the eggs benedict is served on a very large cut of brioche which they did not stand up to. Alas this left them rather bland and flavorless so I can't recommend themFor desert we had a chocolate leige waffle. The waffle is a nice combination of crunchy and soft, with just a hint of sweetness. The chocolate sauce also compliments it nicely.
5	I decided to take a friend here for lunch today, 8/17/12, as a token of my gratitude for helping me with a project. I have been a fan of the Point Brugge and Park Brugge for several years and knew that I could not go wrong.  We were very fortunate to have Tilman wait on our table who made our experience extra special. He recommended one of the lunch specials so my friend and I decided to share it along with a lunch menu item. Tilman is charming, attentive and funny, he ranks in the top 10 of my list of outstanding restaurant employees. BTW the lunch items were excellent.
5	I have a feeling this is going to be our new goto place in Pittsburgh.  Went here for a date night with my wife and everything was excellent.  I had the steak frites and my wife had the mussels and both were excellent.  I love Belgian beer so the beer list was to die for.  Will definitely be back!
5	The other reviews for this place speak for themselves but I couldn't resist adding my own 2 cents, because I loved it here!The frites are authentic and amazing. I know, i know... they're just french fries, right? Well anyone that has had frites in Brugge knows these are as close as you'll get to that superior deliciousness in the States. The beer list is solid and had a lot of Belgian favorites. I looked longingly at the cheeseboard option, but with no one willing to share it with me... I had to pass. Sadly, the table next to ours had it delivered and I was quite jealous... it looked amazing. As for our meals, everyone was happy but we did notice a few things missing (eggs from the salad, a topping on a sandwich, etc). We wrote it off to the influx of people who cramed into the small space 20 minutes after we took our seat. One thing the menu is severely lacking... a truly belgian dessert. Sugar crusted waffles? Chocolate fudge with gran marnier? A plate of pralines? Something other than a mouse cake, please!!!!Next trip to Pittsburgh I want to return for just the cheese and beer... mark my words.
4	Mussels and beer! Love the thai style mussels, great with the bread that it comes with. Love their fries too. Great place for brunch too (wait can be long) - so be patient.
3	Disclaimer first: I am not a fan of Belgian beer, so this takes some of the fun out of the place. But I like mussels, and I do mussels well, and I know mussels. So, I guess I am decent judge of the place.I liked their mussels (went for the traditional sauce), and the mayo for the fries was very good (mayo matters, folks). The fries themselves were tasty, and seemed fresh (meaning not from a frozen pack). So, go there for the mussels if you like mussels. And if you dig Belgian beer, you'll like the place more than me.It's also a nice restaurant, although for some reason my seat was vibrating for most of the evening. Wonder what was on the other side of the wall. Still, I'd give only 3 stars. It's a bit pricey for mussels. And one of my dinner partners did not like her dish (lamb I think).
5	This is the best restaurant!  Get the white wine mussels and frites, dessert and whatever is on tap.  You will not be disappointed.
5	I'm a huuuuuuuuuuuuuge Point Brugge fan. It was one of the first places I really fell in love with in the city and I have waited an hour or more for a table here because I love it that much. It. Is. Worth. It.Moules Frites with basil mayo. You get them, always. No exceptions. Best mussels in the city. Best mussels ever? It's quite possible...Macaroni Gratin is amazing baked cheesiness. Polenta is a brunch must. Burgers and salads are great. I never have enough room in my stomach after the one-and-a-half pounds of mussels for any of the large plates, so...sorry. Can't review those!I'm not a fan of Belgian style beer, but that's okay because I can always order the Pimm's Cup, one of my favorite cocktails. And this was the first place I tried that magnificent creation. If you do like Belgian style beer, you're in luck because almost their entire beer list is comprised of Belgian brews.One complaint...THEY TOOK THE TOMATO AND FENNEL MUSSELS OFF THE MENU! I still like the other mussel preparations, but my visits to PB just aren't the same without that amazing broth. Dear Point Brugge: Please bring it back! I'll sell my soul, sell my body...whatever you want me to do, I'm game. Let's make a deal. Call me. xoxo Yours Forever even if you don't listen to me, Meghan C.
5	Killer good mussels, great Belgian style beers, many brewed right here in Pittsburgh. Friendly staff, gracious, cool owner, good vibe. Had the red curry Thai mussels with Belgian fries - excellent. This kind of place you usually only find on the coasts - a great asset for this city. Well done.
2	My experience is based on Sunday Brunch:Although the food was good, it was way over priced for brunch.  Coming from DC, I've experience much better brunch cafe's that included bottomless (insert alcoholic brunch drunk here) and cheaper - which says a lot comparing Pittsburgh to DC.  I'd go back, but it's not on the top of my list.
4	A fantastic place to enjoy a nice meal.  Point Brugge apparently is known for their Sunday brunch.  This reputation, per previous Yelp reviews, led me to this place on a recent Sunday afternoon.  The brunch menu may be somewhat simple, but the food is anything but ordinary.  Having had the waffles and the vegetable frittata, I can say I was extremely satisfied with my meal.  Also, I highly recommend the potato side-dish they offer.  It is this weird mix of potato and cheese that tastes tremendous, especially when paired with some ketchup and Tobasco sauce.  Perhaps what I like most about this restaurant, however, is the ambience.  The neighborhood is small, quiet and quite serene.  This would be a fantastic place to visit on a nice day.  The actual inside of the restaurant is also nicely appointed and clean.  Everything about this place is great.A couple criticisms, nonetheless: the price is a tad bit more than what I would expect to pay for a brunch. The orange juice was not as fresh as I would like.  Nevertheless, neither of these critiques will keep me from coming back.
3	My experience is based on Sunday Brunch as well:The food was Really good, but was way over priced for brunch.  Tough to find parking too.I feel like these people frown on the common guy and therefore treated me like I should eat then leave.just not that warm homey feeling , do you know what I mean ? maybe its just me... I did leave a good tip.Food is good. Give it a try.
5	Well, Well, Well...I have been chasing you for a while now and I finally was able to seduce you to join me for brunch this wonderful Sunday afternoon. God Dang I want more of you right now! How wonderful your selection of Belgian brews for me to ponder over and enjoy all before 5pm, is that appropriate??? Apparently so to enjoy a beer as opposed to a mimosa with my brunch. I really enjoyed the flavorful goodness of all that makes your Eggs Benedict out of this world. The Hollandaise sauce is so good that I feel like I'm in Holland...Just kidding...but it certainly was not that gloopy overly salted gravy mess that many places think is what Hollandaise sauce needs to be. But than you tossed a crab cake on it, now I'm wondering why you are so good to me? I can't wait to do this again,hopefully my wife doesn't find out about us Point Brugge. Oh but she was watching us the whole time while enjoying some of your mussels, can you believe that she enjoyed this as much as we did. She said she'll be back with me soon.And the fries are really good!
5	On our honeymoon, my husband and I stayed in Amsterdam and from there took short trips to other nearby cities we could reach via Eurorail. One of those cities was Brugge. In this fairytale-like town, we had dinner fireside in a cozy restaurant that served beer better than most wines and perfect, simple mussels and frites. It was the type of meal you don't expect to replicate outside of Europe.Point Brugge Cafe takes that challenge and raises you one lambic.The building itself is evocative of the friendly little cafes that populate most European cities. Seating is limited, but expanding would ruin the intimate atmosphere. (A small bar, a smattering of tables on the ground floor, and handful more on the secondary raised level make up the total seating for the restaurant.) Better yet, the food is evocative of the actual meal we had in Brugge. I ordered the mussels and frites, expecting to be a bit disappointed. But I wasn't. On the contrary, I would be hard pressed to distinguish the mussels and frites at Point Brugge from the ones I had on my honeymoon. It was remarkable. And then there's the beer. The beer is reason enough to go. You can choose among such Belgian specialities as Wittekerke, Hoegaarden, Chimay, and more. They even have the sweet, fruity dessert beer, Lindemans lambic.  If you're a connoisseur of malts and hops, Point Brugge should top your list of restaurants and bars to visit in Pittsburgh.I can't speak for the Sunday brunch, but it's next on my list to try. However, I can highly recommend that you stop in some afternoon or evening (preferably on a weekday when you may find parking and seating) to order  - if nothing else - a delicious Belgian beer and a platter of mussels and frites.
4	The food is better than Brugge is as a city, that is for sure. I've been coming here for nearly 6 years now when I come home and it is always a solid restaurant. Aside from wishing they had a Saturday brunch as well, they do delicious burgers, frites, and pastas. They know cheese decently well too.
5	As tour guide in a city I had visited once, I was so relieved that the map app which led me through totally residential streets ended at an actual restaurant, that they could have served me anything.  Well, that's not true... not only do I have to uphold my rep as trip planner extraordinaire, I'm also our family's biggest proponent of Yelp.  I read all your reviews on this place, noted down the recommended items, and passed them along with confidence.  So thank you fellow Yelpers for the tip on the Red Curry Mussels - the huge serving and DELICIOUS sauce had a San Francisco Chowhound clapping her hands in glee.  In fact, we asked for more bread, and the entire table sopped up our sauce (I got an order too... though I shared, my arm was worn out shoveling mussels into my mouth... nevertheless, take the large portion).  The crab cakes, crab BLT, and Cobb salad were good too, but the mussels are the stars.  Also, six adults had their own lunch entrees and beers for an even c-note before tax.  We would have been back if I hadn't felt I was navigating on borrowed time!
5	Excellent little Belgian cafe with fantastic mussels and a great selection of Belgian beers on draft and bottles.  Also loved the cheese plate.  There isn't much seating and it gets busy on the weekdays so expect that you might wait awhile.  During the warmer months they have some outdoor seating as well which is really nice.  I wish they were open later in the evening on Fri/Sat as they close around 10pm.
5	I have to update my review again!Came back here for dinner after a long time away.   We happened to be there on a Tuesday night which was cream of mushroom soup night. This was the best soup EVER!  I'm not kidding.   The rest of the food was good, but this soup it was the reason I tried making cream of mushroom soup at home for lunch this week (mine didn't measure up...yet).  I think I am going to have to go back and do some more research (yeah we will call it research and not Sharon F. having an addiction to this cream of mushroom soup).As usual the service was great.  We told our server that we were on a low carb diet and she made sure that the minute bread touched our table she swooped in and took away the temptation!We also ordered the mussels in red curry sauce which are always delicious, Rotem G. had the steak with vegetables instead of the frittes which they easily substituted for us, and I had the duck which the kitchen served over vegetables mixed with sausage and they left off the sweet glaze (low carb).  All of their help in keeping us honest on our diet was greatly appreciated!  We will definitely be back and on a Tuesday so I can get some more of that cream of mushroom soup!
3	Loved the atmosphere and my mussels, but definitely wasn''t crazy about the lamb. Great wait staff too!
4	When my friend suggested this place for a double date, I was excited because I've heard good stuff about Point Brugge Cafe!This place was very cute and homey. We came for lunch, and we were seated promptly. (Usually there's a wait, I've heard). Our waitress was attentive enough where we didn't feel like we had to flag her down, but she also allowed us enough space where we didn't feel pressured or rushed.I would definitely recommend the moules (mussels). They were so fresh, and we got the traditional sauce, made of white wine, and garlic, while our friends got mussels with dried tomatoes and parmesan. We both really enjoyed our plates.One thing you must get if you go are the frites. The fries are really doughy, and they taste very homemade in the best way possible. Also, the basil-mayo dipping sauce it comes with is AMAZING.Definitely coming back :)
5	The moules frites is the best  hands down. Great ambiance.
5	Amazing place.  I relocated here from NYC and found this little gem one snowy afternoon.  Most fantastic mussels I've ever had.  Better than NYC, better than Italy, better than France.  The red curry coconut broth is amazing.  The only caveat is that the needs to be more bread!! Too much delicious broth to not soak it up with bread.  The Mac and cheese is also delicious.  I wish I could eat here every day...and with the prices it could be possible! I will go here as often as possible.
5	Great place.  We don't get the chance to be in town very often but it's near the top of the list every time we are.  Great food, great staff.  Sometimes hard to get into there especially (I've heard) for their weekend brunches but that's the only [not surprising] negative.
4	Great place to eat. We did order quite a few dishes - Mussels, crab cakes, dip, scallops, steak and chocolate mousse. Mussels by far was the best. Steak was not the best as it was over cooked.Will definitely go back. I am sure the outside sitting in summer would be great.
2	The food was good -- not great. Service and management was really poor: amateurs with wrong antagonistic attitude towards their clients. Typical provincial attitude of somebody that thinks/acts as a big fish in a very small pond. No finesse, no style, but OK heavy food.
5	Delicious, fresh food, prepared well.  Frittata, salad, mussels, all great.  Really fast service, in spite of the fact that they were packed.  They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait.  Well worth it, though!  Tucked away in a residential area in Point Breeze, it's a gem!
4	I always get the mussels in white wine sauce, coupled with a random beer. It's always absolutely delicious, alcohol selection is nice, and service is good. Among the other few dishes that I or my S.O. have gotten, they've all been great too. Only complaint is the wait sometimes, and the fact that there is no poutine here. Ha.
3	I have to admit, this place does always seem to come with a wait, and when you ask them about whether their dishes are vegetarian or not (pescetarian in my case) they really have no effing clue what they are talking about... GRRRThis is why they get 3 stars instead of 5.However, the food here is awesome! mussels in curry are the best I have ever had, and the salads are HUGE and to die for. My beef with them is that I have been told 2 times that the beer cheese soup is Veg and once that it isn't. I suspect that it is not, which peeves the shit out of me, because I have already eaten it twice and have fallen in love. (Not to mention that this is grossly negligent on their part and would seriously piss off some other people). So, eat at your own risk veggies, because they don't know what is in their food!You have been warned.
4	I've had people tell me about the mussels so it was on my short list.  Wow they didn't disappoint.  I think I got a pound and a nice piece of crusty bread for $12.  For $18 you get another half a pound and their pomme frites.  Maybe next time.  I'm not crazy about Belgium beers so it was slim pickins for me.  But it wasn't about the beer for me this time.  It was the mussels.  I got them in the traditional way with white wine, garlic and shallots.  I could have eaten the broth like soup.  Man it was so good.  I'll be back without question.
5	Always a treat to eat here, somewhat of a French bistro style where the dishes are done simply without the fluff and stuffiness and richness that most would associate with French foods.  My favorite is to get a glass of white with moule and frites.  Point Brugge is a place where I trust the cooks and establishment where I would frequent to eat around the menu both brunch, lunch, and dinner.
5	Point Brugge Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Tucked away in a seemingly residential area, it boasts a cute little space with a porch that I could spend plenty of warm summer hours on. The mussels here are amazing, my top two favorites being the one curry (has a bit more flavor) and the white wine one (for a classic). The amount of mussels that you are getting for the price is definitely worth it because it comes with a massive amount. The other food on the menu is also really good but the moules frites is the dish that keeps me coming back.Only thing is, they don't take reservations so expect a wait during peak hours on weekends.
2	Disorganized, Mediocre and Bland:Chorizo Soup ($3.5 cup/$5 bowl)a bland bean soup with a tomato puree consistency and three half centimeter pieces of mexican chorizo, served at lukewarm temperatureMoules Frites ($18)une honte pour la patrie, in a bland watered down cream sauce and heavy on minced garlic, served with mushy pomme frites, and over-flavored mayo. Chicken Skewers ($9)as rough and dry as can be, four skewers over a pile of citrus cabbage.plating and serving is completely disorganized, waiters and busboys in casual dress and conversation, this place lacks character, no tablecloths, and carpet that is begging to be cleaned. not what is expected.
4	I go to Point Brugge very often, and I never get tired of their moules. It's perfect, good, and very satisfying to eat. It is a bit pricey but for food in that quality I think it is worth it. The only problem that I have is the waitline....It would be amazing if Point Brugge is able to hold reservations because especially during the winter time it is quite cold to wait for 30 to 45 minutes for you to get seated.Apart from that everything is really amazing.
5	I feel confident saying that their menu is among the best, if not *the* best, in Pittsburgh--excluding the non-exceptional frites. Everything else I've tasted there is exceptional.If you're concerned about the prices for dinner entrees, I suggest going for small plates rather than passing this place up.
4	Ordered some beer and mussels to start. The mussels were great. Wish they had more beer on tap though.  For the main course, I had macaroni gratin and husband ordered the shrimp po boy.  He had a little trouble eating it since it was large and hard to cut, but overall we really enjoyed our experience here!
5	I have been there a handful of times and alway enjoyed each visit, whether it's weekday dinner or sunday brunch. Always order their mussels, either to share on the table or selfishly devour all on your own. I never get tired of them and have yet to find a place with better mussels. Their lamb ragout is also top-notch. I'm partial to anything with chocolate for dessert but any one of their dessert that comes with chocolate is delicious.
5	My favorite in Pit. Get some beer and mussels. And the fries are also perfect. It reminds the little Belgium restaurent I used to go often in SLC. And it's even better with full diner menu. I just love the mussels. Cannot get tired of it.
5	How lucky am I to live in the same nabe as this place?! Point Brugge Cafe is such a delightful place to eat, drink, and be merry. Their food is divine, and they have an awesome beer list. My favorite eating activity is most definitely brunch - the hubs loves the liege waffles and I love their blood mary drinks. It's all about priorities people. :) If you come for brunch though, expect a wait.
5	Point Brugge was the perfect ending to my first day apartment hunting. It cemented my excitement about my future home. Every bite was delightful. My husband and I started with red curry mussels. (What ever you do -- don't miss the mussels!) The sauce was so good that I wanted to ask for a spoon to slurp it down. The main course was perfect too. I got the salmon with mustard sauce and risotto ($22). It was cooked perfectly. My husband got the burger ($9). They went the extra mile with the caramelized onions, thick cut bacon, and fresh bun. Only miss was that they did not come with their fries, but we are glad we spent the extra $5 as they were double fried, crispy, and served with a seasoned aioli. Our meal was perfectly complimented by a light Belgian beer brewed specifically for them.  The bill for the two of us came to ~$100 with tip.Understandably, we did not make it to dessert. Hopefully we can save more room next time to get a strawberry shortcake. We saw four go by in the hour and wanted so give it a try. And there definitely will be a next time, perhaps we can try the patio seating looking out on the cute neighborhood.
4	I came here for graduation weekend with the family.  My brother, who had lived in the area for school, said that this was the "go-to" for mussels and fries and a neighborhood staple.  It's a small intimate space with good food and friendly service, but expect long lines during peak hours as everyone and their mom seems to love this place.After waiting nearly 90 minutes for a table, we finally sat down to eat.  Of course, I had to go for the mussels, and between my dad, myself, and my brother, we were able to try all three sauces.  I ordered tomato and fennel style, which was pretty good, although a bit too nondescript for my taste.  My dad's red curry was much better, especially with that added bit of heat to break up the briny seafood.  My brother, who opted for the classic white wine sauce, had my favorite; it was creamy, savory, and really complimented the shellfish well.  I also really liked the fries, crispy and salty enough to serve as a formidable side.  The flourless chocolate cake for dessert was also outstanding and is a must.Despite the ridiculous wait and crowds, I really enjoyed Point Brugge.  The food was on point and the service and staff were good.  I would definitely come back if I was ever in town again, but maybe try for a less-crowded day of the week.
5	We are so lucky to get lost and found this place. we ordered beef stew, steak frittes, and chocolate cake. this is a must go to if you're ever lucky to be in this area.  i posted pics of our empty plates, because that's what the end of a delicious meal looks like.bartender and manager are awesome and super friendly. this place gets packed, so be prepared to wait for a table or eat at the bar. we ate at the bar and were totally comfortable.
5	Best restaurant in Pittsburgh. The artichoke dip, mussels, fries, and ice cream are what I usually get and every time I order them they continue to impress me. However, all the dishes are delicious. There is also always a wonderful variety of beers. I recommend going at odd hours since they do not take reservations and the line can be out-the-door.
5	One of my favorite restaurants on the planet.  Their frites are life altering (one time they were underdone). It is excellent, charmng, warm and a perfect place to take out of town guests.  (or just a great date place) It is small and it can be a long wait.  I took my stepson from Toronto here, he had the curry mussles and practically drooled on the table. We planned ahead and skipped lunch and usually went for an early dinner.  We recently moved from Pittsburgh, we miss this place!
5	Typically a long wait for Sunday Brunch but the food is always awesome - one of the two places I will eat mussels in Pittsburgh
5	Consistently my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, especially the brunch, and especially when the weather's nice and the outdoor dining is available.
5	Excellent lunch and brunch menus (sadly brunch is only Sunday) that make me, an omnivore, and my sibling, a foodie, very happy. It is very popular for meals on the weekend, so if you don't want to wait around, you might think of going at a non-standard time, like a late lunch. During the summer, there is a small outdoor area to sit in.
4	Went to Point Brugge recently for lunch and had an excellent meal. Mussels were good with reasonable prices, service was fast and efficient. There are certainly better mussel places in cities closer to oceans, but Point Brugge was quite nice nevertheless. Would make an excellent goto place for business lunches.
5	Nice gastropub with good food good beer and good service. Every dish was done well and service was good. Small inside but worth the wait. Easily a 4 or 5. I chose 5.
5	I travel 13 states, and this is the restaurant i get the most excited about coming back to!
5	If you like cozy, hip, and good food you will really enjoy this place.
5	Delish Belgian cafe in quaint neighborhood of Pittsburgh. Great beer selection and quality food.
5	Went here on a date night to cross off yet another highly recommended spot off of our Pittsburgh bucket list. It was definitely worth it. The only annoying thing was that we had to wait about 20-30 minutes and the waitress told us she would not need a name, which left us waiting outside the place, slightly confused. If they had taken a name we could have taken a stroll around the neighborhood or something. Once seated, everything was great though. We had the mussels with 2 different sauces and frites, which were amazing. The Brother Thelonius ale recommended by the waitress indeed went really well with the food. Too full to really do anything, we took home one of the flourless chocolate cakes for dessert, which was delicious.
4	I stopped by here for brunch a couple of Sundays ago with my fiance and her parents.  I have been here before on a number of occasions but not any in the recent past.  We had actually tried to go on Mother's Day weekend for Sunday brunch only to miss out on getting a table by one person.   So my recommendation is that if you want to have brunch here on a Sunday that you get there at least 10-15 minutes before it opens or else you may not get a spot in the first round of seatings.  In any case the outside of the restaurant makes it look like a cute little shop included a little patio area where they have 3 outdoor tables.  The inside of the restaurant is pretty cool as well with a warehouse type feel with exposed brick and pipes in the back but also some stained glass in front of the windows.We decided to start off our brunch by splitting the white wine mussels as an appetizer.  I know that everyone always raves about them here but I have actually never had them before.  It came out to us with mussels heaped up and what seemed like a whole french baguette on the side.  Wow were they good too!  The mussels were sweet and tender while the sauce was absolutely amazing.  It was so good that we actually used up all our bread sopping it up and the waiter had to bring us some more.  For my entree I decided to have the steak and frites while I asked for the steak to be medium.  Sadly after the amazing mussels, my entree was quite the letdown.  That is not to say that it was bad but it was merely ok.  The steak was cooked to temperature and had a nice sear on it but was nothing special and while I enjoyed the crispier of the frites, some of them were soggy and were not nearly as enjoyable.  As usual the basil mayonnaise that comes with the frites was good and provided the perfect dipping sauce for them.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  Just thinking about those mussels makes me want to get some more and having had many of the items on the menu, I know that most of their food is really good!
2	I went to Point Brugge with the understanding that they had the best mussels in east Pittsburgh. I'm from out of town and was looking forward to my dinner. I'm not sure I've ever seen smaller mussels served at a restaurant. The sauce was great, but it was served in a large bowl, so the broth cooled down in 5 minutes. The rest of the menu looked great, but I would never go back again. Unfortunately, my friend's salad looked better than my mussels. Also, their Web site does not have a contact e-mail, so it's hard to give them criticism that could improve their food.
5	Great mussels!  Get any Belgian ale that's on tap.  This is one of the few Pittsburgh restaurants that would thrive in any major food city.
4	My boyfriend and I managed to grab seats as soon as we walked in for Sunday brunch. Although the seats were at the bar and we got there five minutes after they opened, I was quite excited that we would be served right away because I had heard horror stories of exhaustive waits. Of the two staples I know well - mussels and a Bloody Mary, I fell in love with the special curry sauce of the mussels but was unimpressed with the Bloody Mary. I tried my boyfriend's Belgian waffle with blackberries and have to say that it was the best waffle I've ever had! The texture was just perfect, and it had a very natural, vanilla-like flavor that complemented the fruit well. I truly loved sitting by the bar because we got to have a fun conversation with the busy, busy bartender, who was extremely nice and impressively efficient (and you really have to be at this place)! Sitting by the bar was also great because we got fast service and easy access to the goods - we asked for more bread to dip in the curry sauce, and the servers gladly gave it to us. The only not-so-good part about being at the bar was that 34 of the way through our meal, large crowds of people started hovering around us, ordering drinks, waiting for food, and resting their hands on our chairs (!). I decided it was time to leave at that point. I really wish this place weren't so busy, or we had sat at a table outside because I think it would have been the perfect experience then!
4	I've been here with my fiance about 4 times this year during dinner hours.  It's a little quaint cafe at the corner of a nice neighbor.  The on-street parking may be a challenge if you come during their busy hours. My first impression of this cafe was that it was too crowded and small for any comfort.  We were told that they do not talk reservations and that there will be a 45 min wait... and boy was it worth the long wait standing at the doorway!  We ordered the mussels and braised lamb ragout.  The mussels came with a side of frites and bread that pairs perfectly with the creamy white wine sauce. As for the braised lamb ragout, it was delish.  The dish came with two pieces of crispy polenta and the lamb was tossed with mushrooms and spinach. My only complaint is the size of the place which cannot fit large parties. Overall, we were both satisfied and happy with the friendly service.
5	fantastic mac and cheeseaffordable pricesgreat mussels for a Midwestern localesmall and cramped, but quaint local place in a cute neighborhood
4	Food (8.0/10.0) = Mussels and beer...can never go wrong with this combo, and Point Brugge Cafe does it well.  Also had the steak frites for brunch.  Steak was originally overdone, but the the folks were very nice about re-firing another steak.  A friend had the frittata, but she wasn't impressed.Ambiance (8.0/10.0) = Great cozy restaurant tucked away in a quiet neighborhood.  Very chill/casual environment.Service (9.0/10.0) = The waiters and waitresses I've had were great. Attentive, and always smiling.Overall Opinion = Definitely the go-to-place for mussels and beer.
5	I dragged my husband to dinner here a couple months ago. Though I could tell he was pessimistic (he doesn't hide it well), it ended up being one of our favorite restaurant experiences since we've moved to Pittsburgh. Considering the number of amazing restaurants here, I think that's saying something!We came here on a weekend night and actually didn't have a very long wait. Maybe 30 minutes? The restaurant has a nice atmosphere - overall dimly lit with bright little lights shining directly above each table. We were seated at a spacious booth in the elevated portion of the restaurant toward the back. I liked the fact that I had a nice view of the hustle and bustle at the bar and within the front of the restaurant. Our waitress was great. She was friendly and available when needed without being overbearing. I think this combination of skills is hard to achieve as a waitress and hard to find when dining out.All of our food was incredible. However, the star of the meal, of course, was the mussels. I was going to order the classic white wine sauce but am so happy that my husband suggested the more unusual red curry. Oh. Wow. There are no words to describe how delicious these mussels were. Now, please consider that we both went into this meal unsure if we even really liked mussels or not. We inhaled our shared pound and a half portion, probably both thinking that we had to eat faster than the other to get as many as we wanted.The larger portion of mussels comes with a side of Brugge Frites, or fries as those of us from 'Murica call them. Though fries are a pretty commonplace thing for a restaurant to serve, these fries were spectacular. Plus, thanks to a college roommate with Belgian family, I am a fan of mayo and fries and therefore really enjoyed the accompanying basil mayonnaise. We also ordered Crab Cakes, which were delectable (sorry, running out of synonyms for "incredible"), and a Point Burger. I was the pessimistic one when it came to the burger, but my husband wanted to order it since he was concerned the mussels wouldn't be filling enough. Well, I was proven wrong as the burger was just as good as everything else, and he was proven wrong when it came to how filling everything ended up being.For some reason, something possessed us to order dessert as well. I really wanted to try the ice cream with chocolate sauce and our waitress insisted we try another, which I believe was a flourless chocolate cake. As you might guess from the rest of this review, dessert was crazy-good. I actually enjoyed the ice cream more than the cake and was tempted to lick the remaining sauce from the bottom of the bowl.Between all this food and a beer, I felt like I was going to die from over eating. But if I had died, it would've been worth it, knowing that I had gone out after eating one of the best meals of my life.
5	Pretty sure I'm in love with this place. I have been to Park Bruges several times before but somehow never made it to Point Brugge. I went to dinner here with my friends last night to celebrate my birthday, and it was great. We had a large-ish party, but the hostess was so accommodating and we were able to get a table with only a 30 minute or so wait, which was not bad for this tiny place on a Saturday. I live only a couple of blocks away and it seems to be consistently busy, so this was a pleasant surprise. Once seated I found the atmosphere to be cozy and warm; it's a small space but its laid out well and wasn't overly loud like small restaurants tend to be.A couple of my friends ordered mussels with the white wine sauce. I did "steal" one and enjoyed it. It was also nice that they give you generous amounts of bread to soak up the delicious cream sauce.I ordered the gemelli pasta dish which featured cherry tomatoes, asparagus, artichoke, and peas with a lemon herb ricotta sauce. The vegetables were delicious in the sauce and everything was very fresh. I added seared salmon which ended up being a good choice as well. The salmon was perfectly flaky and tender on the inside while the outside had a flavorful coating. One of my friends also apparently told the waitress that we were celebrating my birthday, because before I knew it she brought a piece of cake with a candle. Thankfully this isn't the type of establishment that performs a weird song or dance -- I'm embarrassed enough as it is in these situations! It was really nice of her and the cake was amazing. With layers of chocolate cake and mousse with chocolate flakes and cocoa powder on top, it was truly decadent and we all enjoyed sharing it.I'll definitely be returning here, especially considering its proximity to my house. Not sure why it took me so long to give it a try!
3	Met the ladies here on a recent Saturday for what was supposed to be brunch but ended up being lunch. I guess they only serve brunch on Sundays? Big disappointment. The brunch menu looks phenomenal. I was craving a waffle but had to resort to real food. I chose the two for lunch which is a soup or salad and half sandwich combo. I went with the cafe chicken and house salad. Our meals came out in a reasonable time frame. However, while we waited we were rudely assault by a mass amount of flying insects. And not just the annoying kind, the biting kind. Flies mosquitos and UFIs (unidentifiable flying insects) swarmed around our heads landing on the walls, the tables and us. Yuck. I felt like I was at a campground. I even had to swat one with my shoe on the wall in order to not be bit which I had already been at that point. When our food arrived, we did our best to ignore the incessant buzzing around our heads and dug in. The salad was standard. The sandwich was tasty. Crispy baguette, tender chicken, fresh mozzarella, roasted red peppers and basil mayo for added flavor. Service was satisfactory. Overall, this would have been a much better experience had we not had to defend ourselves from the ridiculous amount of insects flying through the dining room. I will definitely head back on a Sunday for the brunch menu.
4	A great find through Yelp!Thanks for the friendly service and catering to my vegetarian husband's needs with the Asian Marinated Tofu sandwich.  Nice Belgian beer selection.  We will definately be returning to visit again next time we're in the burgh!
3	Well, I would say, the food is fine but I had to wait there for a really long time. Finally I decide to order take-away. After I paid, nobody talked to me. They don't even take my receipt. I understand they are really busy, but still feel uncomfortable.
5	This place is absolutely amazing! What a gem hidden in Shadyside. You'll most likely have to wait to get in, seeing how ridiculously popular this place is. Don't miss the mussels with the white wine creamy sauce and the Belgian fries. A bonus that they give you as much bread as you need to soak up that delicious sauce.
5	My first meal in Pittsburgh, before I even lived here, when I just thought I might, was at Point Brugge; I had the mussels in white wine cream sauce and frites, with a lovely Belgian tripel.  Two years later, Point Brugge is still wonderful, and I still get the mussels almost every time I go - and every time I go, I think I should go more often. There are lots of people who say that the quintessential Pittsburgh experience is dinner with a view at one of the restaurants on Mount Washington, but I think it might be a great meal at a neighborhood restaurant in a city made of neighborhoods (where you could get the steak frites or the carbonnade flamande with a nice glass of red or even the Route 8 Mule, full of big ginger flavor and rum as a farewell to summer). Sit out on the patio and watch people go by, and when the waitress asks if you have room for dessert, say no.  Instead, take Boulevard of the Allies to the Liberty Bridge, turn right and head up to St. Mary of the Mount on Mount Washington - there's parking across the street and an incredible view of a city that sparkles after dark. You'll have one of the best meals in Pittsburgh and the view to go with it.
5	Really lovely, cozy atmosphere with wonderful service. Their specialty are the mussels, but I am to a fan, so I did not try them. Instead, I had a delectable tofu sandwich on a perfect crusty French bread. The cole slaw served on the side was impressive. I loved the Belgian frites and ale selection. Great place!
5	This place beyond all expectations! I cannot  simply recommend this place to you, I insist that you eat here... Mussels were great, beer selection was fantastic, atmosphere had a manhattan feel to it. You MUST try the mustard crusted salmon!!!!!!!!
4	Probably one of the most popular places in Pittsburgh to go for brunch/lunch. Go for the quintessential mussels and frites. Expensive but they give you a pound and a half of mussels and four huge pieces of french bread. Fries are hot and crispy. Another favorite is also the Macaroni Gratin. Salt, cheesy goodness. Yum!Gets extremely crowded on a weekends, especially during brunch/lunch time. They don't take reservations so be prepared for a wait. Or go early in the morning or late in the afternoon.
5	best place in Pittsburgh wish it was bigger.
3	The Pasta Bolognese was pretty good but overall I didn't think it was anything special.
4	The food is very good but the portion is small. My husband ended up ordering two breakfast. We are planning to order a largest portion next time when we are there. I think the address is not 401 hastings St. It is located in residential area and it took us a while to find the place.
5	If someone comes in to Pittsburgh and asks for a restaurant suggestion, Point Brugge or Park Brugge (sister restaurants) are usually the first restaurants I suggest. Along with the mussels (and the rest of the food), the restaurant has a beautiful ambience and the service has always been quick and professional. Definitely a great place for date night or for when the parents are in town.
3	I struggle here on my rating, I liked the food although I think there are some pitfalls to this place. First we ordered a cheese plate which was TINY, we ordered a second, it was so so, nothing extravagant or to write home about. Second course was our main, I got a traditional Belgium Carbonnade, it was tasty but very salty which seems to be a theme here in Pittsburg. I only ate half and typically I can eat like a monster. Finally dessert, meh, refrigerator flour less choco cake. Seating tight, service somewhat slow, crowded.
2	Like many Pittsburgh restaurants, Point Brugge gets overhyped and overpraised because there isn't much competition. It's a decent enough neighborhood joint, but the food--while ranging from pretty good to meh--can't make up for lousy service.My SO asked for a beer recommendation from the bartender while we were waiting for a table. (Note that you will probably have to wait if you come here, and it will be awkward, because there is nowhere to wait unless you can get a seat at the bar, which you will also have to wait for. Bottom line: you will wait.) The bartender immediately recommended one that was a special, to which SO replied  "Sure, sounds good." Nothing out of the ordinary...until the bartender reached underneath the counter and handed him an already-poured beer, before immediately turning around to cross off that beer name on a chalkboard and walking away.So she was trying to get rid of the last beer, I get it. But the beer was warm, and relatively flat. It had been sitting there a bit--the glass wasn't even full.  That's not something that a bar named one of the  "Best 20 bars in Pittsburgh" should be doing, and that's absolutely not something a restaurant that prides itself on its beer selection should be doing. It irks me that this bartender couldn't even try to be subtle about it. If you're going to hustle customers, maybe be better at doing the actual hustling? The rest of our meal was decent enough--my mussels were pretty good, in fact, and were the highlight. The service did not improve, however, which is why I don't feel bad about giving it 2 stars. The servers literally just look and act like random people who walked off the streets--I get that it's a small place with not much space, but having to listen to them stand around talking wasn't particularly pleasant, and our server was visibly annoyed when we asked him questions. It also didn't feel very clean--our table wasn't, and seeing employees' personal items displayed on a shelf in the middle of the restaurant is downright bizarre. If you can get here on a less crowded night, it might be worth it...just don't expect much in the way of hospitality. The fact that people are willing to wait an hour in line for this place isn't a testament to its quality, but rather to the lack of other options in this category.
4	Best place to get mussels. The restaurant itself is pretty small, so be prepared to either go early for brunch or for a late lunch. The location is easily accessible by both bus and car. It's a little less than a five minute walk away from the nearest bus station. The mussels and fries were delicious. I tried both of the red curry and the spicy tomato. The spicy tomato mussels weren't too spicy, so even if you don't like spicy food, it is still a good choice. The red curry was very flavorful and you can most definitely taste the spices in the mussels. I also had the Mediterranean Platter. The hummus dip was pretty ordinary, but the red pepper-walnut dip was exceptional and very unique.I will definitely go again.
4	Their muscles are just perfect. I would have their bread dipped in their white wine sauce every day! 4 stars because the wait is always sooooo long.
4	Just had a quick tapas style dinner for a sort of business outing.  They had several sandwiches, mac and cheese, frites, etc.  I thought they tasted pretty good even though the food got all cold when I got there (I was late).People serving us were very nice.  They were very attentive in that they took the empty plate whenever I finished a portion.  Also refilled my drink whenever it became empty.  Overall, this restaurant serves good food and brings great service to customers.
4	Great casual place for some Belgian moules. The mussels were done really well, and the sauces were delicious. Service was friendly, and the interior is cozy.Not a big fan of the frites, though. They were on the greasier side.
5	My  family and I came to eat here on the first night we had moved to Pittsburgh. It was extremely good: the Belgian fries, the chicken satay and the flat bread were especially memorable, as was the selection of import beers,We came with a 20 month old and the waiting staff were extremely friendly with her.We've been back since: the first night we had family visiting from out of state and it was as good again.It gets busy so you may need to wait a little. It is worth it though.
4	I finally went here for dinner and I was so excited, but like a dork I couldn't stop thinking about their tofu Banh Mi, so I ordered a lunch dish!! The flavors were great and it was very filling for a sandwich!! The rest of my party ordered mussels and they were all very pleased. I already look forward to my next visit there!!
5	The wife and I came here after seeing how high it was ranked on Yelp. Well it did not disappoint. The waitress was super nice and very good at her job, the food was delicious, and the nice atmosphere rounds out the experience. We had the mussels in a curry sauce and the point burger. The mussels were awesome and the bit of bread they give you is nice to mop up the sauce in the pan afterward.The burger was also very good featuring the smokiest piece of think cut bacon I have ever had. The bacon itself delivered such a great smokey flavor that goes great on the burger. It was amazing. If all that wasn't enough they had ommegang three philosophers, a fruited Belgian triple, in bottles which went nicely with my meal or as a dessert beer as the menu suggested. This is a must stop in my opinion.
4	We stopped here for lunch - sat at the bar to avoid the cold window seats.  We munched on mussels (white wine sauce a bit too creamy, I know how is that possible but I could barely taste anything in the sauce but cream), some chicken skewers and the spinach cheese dip.  Nice spot. Good vibe in the place but I'd recommend playing a variety of music rather than nonstop reggae for the hour we were there.
5	Definitely one of the best restaurants that I've dined at in the East End!I highly recommend the Hop Devil Shrimp. The batter was crisp and thin, and the dipping sauce was phenomenal. It was sweet and tangy. I even dipped the shrimp tails in the sauce because it was so good.For dinner I split the Moules with red curry, coconut milk, and basil. I highly recommend it too. It had a very tasteful blend of flavors: a little spicy, a little sweet, a little savory, a little bitter. Overall, it was quite delectable. Lastly, they have a nice Belgian beer selection. It's not the biggest Belgian selection in the city (I think that belongs to Sharp Edge) but still a nice offering.
5	The mussels here are my hands down favorite mussels in Pittsburgh. There are always several varieties, and sometimes variety on special. I always come for brunch, and I know I should branch out and try Point Brugge for dinner, but the brunch is just sooo delicious. I love to order the fixed price menu with a mimosa. Yum! The croque madam is delectable, and their house bechemel is simply divine. The waffles are a great choice as well, as is the omelette of the day. I have never had a bad omelette here. I usually order bacon as a side because it's always thick and cooked well done, just the way I like it. There is sometimes a bit of a wait for brunch because the place is so popular, so it's always worth the wait.
5	Awesome beer and alcohol selection, even more amazing food. Mussels, salmon, steak, beer cheese soup, macaroni gratin are among my favorites!! The quality is outstanding and everything is always cooked perfectly. Never disappoints!
2	Great food and atmosphere if you can get past then incredibly rude hostess. Their brunch is a better option than their dinner.
4	I guess its kind of a sin to go to Point Brugge and NOT have the moules, but hey - I'm a sinner.We got there at about 2pm on a Saturday afternoon in February, expecting it to be kind of quiet.  It was absolutely hopping.  We waited about 10 minutes for a table and game on--Starting with the Roasted Tomato and Spinach Dip.  SO GOOD!  Generous serving, perfect for sharing.  Then for me the Chicken Milanese - very good but, as soon as I saw my friends face after her first bite I did have Butternut Squash Gnocchi envy.  She indicated that the gnocchi was made from the butternut squash and immediately began to formulate possible recipes. The place is small, the service is excellent.  We were seated up the stairs and immediately around the corner so neither of us could see much of anything.  We were doing a lot of chatting though, so that was ok... but not awesome.  We both saw some other things on the lunch menu that we'd like to try, so maybe we'll try another Saturday - this time at 3pm.
4	Visiting Pittsburgh makes me really happy because they have some serious restaurants. I really liked the vibe here. It was relaxed and everyone working was sweet and personable. The menu isn't long, but it will still have at least 3-4 things you'll want on it. Bring friends, try everything (that's my motto for just about any place)Late on a Saturday afternoon we arrived and the wait was about 10 minutes. Once we were seated the waitress brought over waters and quickly took our order. She overheard my sister saying she had a headache and was sweet enough to bring over some ibuprofen as well.We ordered a few things on the menu to share, the beer cheese soup, Brie and apple chutney flatbread, macaroni gratin, and 2 types of mussels. The beer cheese soup was amazing. Thinner than most types I've sampled but with a more distinct beer flavor. I wasn't crazy for the flatbread but that was me. Everyone at the table loved it. The macaroni and cheese was delicious as well. The two mussels we ordered were red curry and classic. Both delicious, though I much preferred the white wine mussels. But the star were those frites. Holy hot damn batman! With the basil aioli!? Are you kidding? So delicious.All of this, plus a drink, ended up being $65. Maybe because I'm from NY but this was crazy affordable and worth a trip every time I'm in town.
4	My wife and I dined here for Sunday brunch, fittingly after I performed at "Bach Beethoven and Brunch" at Mellon Park in Point Breeze.  I had a mimosa and the crab cakes eggs benedict.  The crab cakes were full of lump crab meat and delicious!  The mimosa was the right combination of orange juice and champagne.  My wife had a mimosa and frittata, which she enjoyed as well.  Overall a great experience.  I would like to try this out for lunch some time!
2	I don't get it. After 2 visits, all I can say is Point Brugge completes the triumphant of "Restaurants That Start With The Letter "P"' that Pittsburghers inexplicably revere and line-up for. Pamela's and Primanti's being the other two. My brunch cassoulet was an over-priced and over-cooked combination of white beans, duck confit, and soggy bread crumb topping. Seemingly void of the bacon and sausage described in the menu. As well as any French bread for mopping up the bowl. For the portion size, paying about 1/3 less may have been acceptable.I don't even recall what I had on my first visit, but clearly it wasn't anything memorable.Atmosphere-wise, not my thing either - too loud. Tables aren't cramped too tightly together at least. Service is generally friendly and genuine. Think I'll stick to brunch at home....
4	Really fantastic place to enjoy good food and drinks.  The staff are mostly friendly and the atmosphere is great (although sometimes chilly, temperature-wise).  The food is consistently great as are the drinks!  Highly recommend.
4	Unfortunately, I'm not a fan of mussels--so the talked about moules frites were off the table for me--however, I was wholly impressed with my choices. The macaroni gratin and roasted yam arugula salad were as good as it gets. I recommend arriving early during the dinner hour during springtime, as the patio tables are quite lovely. Overall, it was a fantastic, reasonably priced meal in a welcoming, comfortable atmosphere.
3	We went for lunch, on a weekend -- no wait.  It is a cozy restaurant with great views of the neighborhood.  We got the Mediterranean Platter --- fresh veggies and hummus - very good.  And we got the red curry and zesty tomato mussels.   Overall, a good meal.  However, I will always be partial to the Belgian restaurant, Waterzooi, in Long Island, NY where they have 13 flavors of mussel pots to choose from.
5	Fantastic. Get the chocolate cake if you love chocolate.
5	Brunch.  Is.  AMAZING!  Get there before it opens so you can stand in line for one of the best brunches on a Sunday morning in Pittsburgh!!
5	I had the mussels and gnocchi. I don't understand what they did to it but I've never had gnocchi that good in my life. It won my heart. And endless French bread- so much French bread for the sauce the mussels came in. They also have a pretty good beer selection. This is definitely now a new go-to spot.
5	Love! Great food!
4	It was one of the first nice Spring days of the year, and my girlfriend and I really got the itch to dine outside and enjoy the warm weather.  I've been wanting to scope the Point Brugge Cafe out for a while now, and knowing that they offered outdoor seating, I decided to finally take the drive down to Highland Park.  I loved the location of the restaurant.  It's in a quiet little neighborhood away from the busy streets, and the interior has a cozy, warm feel to it.  I really liked store front windows that let a ton of light in.  Unfortunately we were not able to get a seat outside, but we were able to snag a table right beside the windows. Anyways, on to the food.  We did not order separate entrees for ourselves, but instead ordered a few plates to share.  I couldn't come here without ordering the mussels, so we ordered a pound and a half of that (red curry style), the Asian tofu sandwich, and the Seasonal Cobb Salad.   We had a few beers at the bar before we were seated, and I didn't exactly have an empty stomach, but the portion size of the mussels blew my mind.  I could have thrown in the towel after that.  They were incredible, and met the expectations I had coming in after reading glowing comments about them here on Yelp.  The Asian tofu sandwich was tasty too, and something that would hit the spot for lunch.  Unfortunately, the Seasonal Cobb Salad was just ... nasty.  First, I found a long hair in my salad.  The waiter took it back and gave us a new one, but he didn't even apologize.  And the salad itself was drenched in an incredibly powerful vinaigrette that made me sick just smelling it.  My girlfriend felt the exact same way I did and we took about a half a bite each before deciding to pitch it.   It definitely makes me leery of ordering a salad from here again, as most of the salads they have are vinaigrette based.  Maybe I should have asked for less dressing, but I definitely was not expecting it to be poured on so heartily. In all though, I really dug the place and will come back again.  Other than the salad, the food was great and like I mentioned above, it's a cool place to eat on a nice warm day.  Very inviting and pleasant atmosphere.  Plus they had Bell's Oberon, which is one of the better warm weather beers you can find in Pittsburgh.  Brownie points for carrying it.
5	I'm so glad that I finally stopped in here after reading rave reviews from fellow Yelpers. I had high expectations for this place, and I have to say that they were all met on a brunch date this past weekend. Everything on the menu looked incredible, but I decided to go with the french toast, complemented with a tasty mimosa all for $20. While a little on the expensive side (Harris's brunch with a mimosa is cheaper), I enjoyed everything. The french toast was made perfectly, juicily soaked with syrup and butter, and a nice side of fruit. The actual restaurant is in a brilliant location, off the beaten track in the middle of the Point Breeze neighborhood. The building was beautiful on the outside as well as inside, and there are a few tables on the patio that will be perfect to eat at on weekend summer days. I wished I lived right in this neighborhood, because Point Brugge would definitely become a staple to my outings and diet. Can't wait to go back.
5	High quality, good mussels, great main dish (I think I had chicken or maybe steak) .. been a while since I was here, but this place deserves to be on the Food Network
5	My in-laws are visiting from Michigan so of course we took them to Point Brugge. My mother-in-law is of Belgian descent and we definitely wanted to bring her here. What can I say that hasn't already been said. The food was fabulous. Everyone got something that was thoroughly enjoyed. Two of us ordered the carbonnade flamande (with the awesome frites and basil aioli on the side). The others ordered the salmon and risotto, and the the awesome lamb ragout. The beef and lamb was extremely tender and cooked perfectly. I mussels are very good too, but I didn't have them on this occasion. They have a great Belgian beer menu (although the Sharp Edge has a more thorough selection if you are more into an exploration of beer). We went early so we could get a table quickly (the place is rather small, but it is meant to be an intimate neighborhood gathering place). On nice days, the tables outside are a treat. The staff was, as always, friendly and efficient. Highly recommended anytime, any occasion.
5	This is a cute little cafe with good food!  Its great to go there on a nice day and get one of there tables outside!  The whole front of the cafe opens up on nice days!  There food is really good love the fries!
5	Great drinks and food. Service here is also top notch.  My wife and I went there last night and decided to split a salad and entree.  The salad came out pretty split which is always a nice touch.  The chevre asparagus salad was very good, the asparagus was not overcooked and was still crunchy. We also got the the steak and frites, steak was cooked perfectly.  Overall, can't wait to go back!
4	Popped in late on a Thursday night because I didn't feel like cooking. I could actually walk to the restaurant from my house (which is cool). I ordered a Manhattan and chicken Milanese. I think my waiter and I were victims of non meshing rhythms. My dinner was not properly seasoned and I waited 5" for someone to walk by to ask for salt and pepper. 2" later my waiter walks by. See? Our rhythms were off. I finished and requested a box from the first person to walk by. 2" later my waiter showed up. Can you fault a waiter for not being there when you need him/her?. OK. Bottom line: really healthy, fresh food  nicely prepared. Great price point. Seasoning. So so. Waitstaff, slightly off. 4 stars instead of 5. Still, a very good meal, well prepared, well priced. Service slightly off. Seasoning slightly off. But a great meal nonetheless. Try Point Brugge. They'll probably be on target when you go.
4	This was probably my 4th or 5th time here for brunch ( I've never been for dinner), and I've never been disappointed.  The menu may be a little eclectic for some and it is pricey, but the fresh ingredients and cooking style more than make it worth it. My wife has the Grand Marnier French Toast, which was a symphony in well balanced sweetness. I don't recall the name of my special, but it was basically a salad of greens, breakfast meats and poached eggs. Perfectly seasoned. Probably the most healthy breakfast I've ever eaten. I can also recommend the croque madam and the Benedict.
4	Went here on a first date and was definitely more impressed by the food over the company.  Ended up getting the crab cake which was small but delicious and surprisingly filling.  Love that they change up the menu and the neighborhood it is nestled in is super cute.  Friends who are "foodies" seem to love this place as well!
5	Best.  Mussels.  Anywhere.  It's just that simple, although in addition, the drinks and the bartenders are terrific and all the food I've tried has been superb.  But Oh!  Those mussels!
5	Point Brugge Cafe is a little gem, hidden off the beaten path in a little neighborhood.  My husband and I love to come here for lunch and dinner and it's also a favorite place to double date with friends.  The food NEVER disappoints.  The mussels (moules) are amazing.  I've tried them all, but my favorite is the Classic white wine, shallots, garlic & light cream.  I always ask for extra bread, because the sauce is to die for.  I'd totally drink it out of the bowl if I could!  Another must have are the Brugge Frites.  They are perfectly golden and crisp and served with a delicious basil mayo dipping sauce.  The house salad is light and fresh.  Other favorites are Pointe Burger, Steak Frites, Mustard Crusted Salmon and my husband LOVES the beer selection!  The staff is friendly and the service is great!What are you waiting for?!  You need to try this place!!  You won't regret it!
4	Delish. Get there early for bunch.
4	Service is slow, as they get packed and its a very small restaurant.  However, the food was delicious!  I had the mussels and it was like I was back in Europe eating dinner.  I even loved the mayonnaise dipping sauce for the fries.  Very authentic and european.
2	Their bloody marys don't have celery in them and their food is too expensive when you add it up.  Good coleslaw though.
5	Love this place
2	Loved Point Park so I thought I'd check out Point Brugge. It was only moderately worth it.  Maybe there was something that I was missing.We went here for lunch and ordered some crab cakes and fries. I easily could have defrosted some crab cakes from Giant Eagle and enjoyed them just as much, spending half as much. As for the fries they were way too greasy for me.  I understand they aren't your normal fries but it was a bit excessive.  Definitely sticking to Point park.
5	Just returned from a lovely evening here. We make it a point to go at least once a month. Something about this place just feels like home. Maybe it's the fact that it's located in a quaint little neighborhood? Or maybe its the fact that all the meals taste like your moms cooking, only much better (at least in the case of my mom!) Or maybe it's just that once you walk in, you feel like you know everyone. I can't put my finger on it, but between the delicious foods and the welcoming atmosphere, we are back here constantly. It's even better now in the summertime because they open the front up and let all the fresh air in! My recommendations? The moules with the red curry sauce (don't forget to order the extra bread!) My fiance, who hates seafood, will even have a few, and he orders his own plate of bread just to mop up the sauce. If it weren't for a fear of overindulgence, I'm pretty sure he would order an entire loaf of bread. The Carbonnade Flamande is delicious, and reminds me of my grandmom's lazy day stew. My fiance swears by their steak and blue cheese. Still hungry? Their chocolate cake is to die for. We leave this place feeling full, happy, and relaxed every single time.
5	I have have a few meals at Point Brugge, and always suggest it to friends when they ask.  The waffles are unbelievably good!  I also enjoyed a special they offered one day, which was a spin on mac and cheese.  This restaurant never disappoints!
5	I've been here 1,000 times despite wanting to try new places. I just love it here too much. The MOULES FRITES. I'm obsessed with them. They're fantastic. Everything else we've had here is good and having Sam Smith's cider makes it even better. They know what they're doing here and when we just come for the mussels our wills are seriously tempted by the rest of the menu; everything always sounds so good.
4	I wanted to try the Chili verde, tomatillos, lime, cilantro, steamed in beer moules but they were out of that preparation when I went on the weekend so I went with the red curry which I've had before.  While I enjoy the red curry, I was in the mood for something new.  Also my first choice beer was not available so this seemed to a be trend for me at Point Brugge.  I didn't end up finishing my second choice beer which was the Anchor Steam.The fries were crispy and tasty like always and there was more mussels than I could eat.  Hit the spot on a Saturday afternoon!
4	Over priced.
5	One of the best of the best in Pittsburgh. The food and service is always consistent which is difficult to find in Pittsburgh. The mussels and frites are the main attraction of the restaurant but they also offer so much more during lunch, dinner, and brunch. My own complaint is that they don't accept reservations but if you get there before or after popular dining times, you won't have a long wait.
4	A favorite spot of mine in the city, good atmosphere, and great food!
4	I quite enjoyed my time here and the mussels were top notch.  The only things stopping me from giving it five stars are that the beers are a bit expensive, and the seating is a bit cramped.
4	Always a great meal. The food is out of this world. One of my fave places in the East End.
4	We visited Point Brugge last night (Tuesday evening). It was busy - but we were expecting that. It didn't take long for us to get a seat, but while we waited we both got great drinks at the bar.The food was fantastic! We got an appetizer (cheese plate and meat plate) and then both got the large portion of mussels in the classic sauce. The service was great as well, due to the heat (will explain later in the post) we were drinking quite a bit of water and pretty quickly after we emptied our glasses, they were refilled.I had 2 complaints/frustrations with Point Brugge:1. The flies were obnoxious. They were in over abundance. I understand having folks sitting outside and needing to go in and out, allows the flies to enter. But geesh! It got old, quick.2. The heat. The location of the restaurant is hard due to the sun. The front of the restaurant is all windows (which is great). But Turn the air conditioning UP. It was far too hot. My friend was wearing a knee length, tank top style dress and was pouring sweat! I was wearing jeans (so granted, I was bound to be warm), but was uncomfortably hot. We may have been more comofortable sitting outside. I understand in a busy restaurant, it gets warm. I understand with the sun positioning, it can get warm. But to keep your patrons comfortable - just turn the air up! Silly complaints, I'm sure. But they needed to be said. I do hope to go bakc for brunch sometime!
5	PROS: This came highly recommended. Spot-on. The mussels were the best I ever had. Seriously.CONS: I've been there once, for lunch and no Cons poopped up.PARKING: Could be a little challenging since only street parking available.All-in-all, if you like mussels, and you're Hastings, do yourself a HUGE favor and go enjoy. You're welcome.
4	Pros: Red Curry Moules - the sauce is addicting, and you can get 1.5 lbs of mussels. The Chopped salad was delicious. Service was excellent.Cons: Our Frites were not as good as some of the previous reviews suggested. I think they gave us the bottom of the pot frites because they were a little hard and too crispy. The pricing is just a tad high, for example the Mac & Cheese dish is not worth $9, it should have been half that price. I was expecting AMAZING Mac & Cheese for that price and honestly it was just OK. It is a small place, so be prepared for a wait. Also, they do not take Amex. Overall a solid dining experience, and if you love Moules then it is definitely worth a visit.
3	Okay loved the French toast spin. Highly recommend. Wasn't a fan of their eggs Benedict version. It'd be a 3.5 for the food but 5 for  everything else!
4	Before this trip we've never been to Point Breeze before.  It's a really nice community and the Point Brugge Cafe just happens to be rightly nestled in this cozy neighborhood.  We had a short wait as the place was very busy.We had come on Sunday so we went with the brunch.  We each had the prix fixe.  My wife had the 20 dollar version with the Grand Marnier French toast, potato strudel and Bloody Mary.  I had the 24 version with the Benedict on crab cakes, apple smoked bacon and a Bloody Mary as well.The Eggs Benny were good.  It was really different having them with crab cakes as it's not something I eat very often.  While I enjoyed my breakfast I really liked what my wife had ordered over what I had.  The French toast was simply amazing.  It was baguette and not too eggy and not too sweet but it was simply perfect in every way.  The toast was toasted just with enough crunch with the egg and cinnamon.  It was really very good.  The potato strudel was a dense and creamy and a nice savory  complement to the French Toast.  My wife ended up ordering a coffee and I ended up having both Bloody Marys.  They were really nicely spiced, just the way I like them.The service was friendly and staff were attentive.  Overall this was a wonderful brunch.  I'd like to return for another meal on the next trip... wonderful place!
5	Overall a good place to come, delicious and outstanding service with the German food. Love the place and will be here for the next time
4	Way too noisy but mussels are great..
5	Absolutely fantastic.  Unique and delicious food, and plenty of off-the-beaten-path beers and cocktails.  I love coming here with family and friends - it's one of our favorite hidden gems!
4	very popular neighborhood place in residential area. tough parking, always busy. good food, good craft beer. friendly service.
5	Great place. Great service, great drinks, nice ambience, and we always leave happy.  One of my favorite restaurants now.  Their steak fritte is a perfect meal. They do mussels in style!  Excellent bar and a great place just to have a beer or cocktail with a friend, or to bring your family to.  Makes me proud of Pittsburgh to see this kind of place!
4	I was there when the restaurant was empty, I had a lentil soup which was good and the fries. The fries are a huge portion - they tasted good.
4	I've been to a couple brunches here and always been pleased with what I order.  The place has a small town vibe and a great wait staff.
2	We came here for dinner tonight and I don't understand the hype. Arriving at 7pm, we had a 30 minute wait for a table and finished around 9pm. It was very busy so the waitress failed to refill the wine and beer at our table. I had the Seafood Waterzooi and it was overcooked. My husband enjoyed his lamb dinner. We weren't offered dessert or a menu so we just left. After a 5 hour drive, I was not in the mood for this place. Hopefully everyone else has a better experience.
3	Not really worth the always-long waits. Not much vegetarian food on the menu.I've had the mussels. They were okay.
1	After waiting 30 minutes for a table, I was told by the server that they were out of the one item that Point Brugge is known for, their waffles. Imagine my disgust when I had driven across the city of Pittsburgh for this famed menu item and didn't get to taste it!Considering I don't eat eggs or seafood, the only option left was French toast... From a Belguim place. Good one.
4	SO delicious! The classic mussels are out of this world! And the order comes with bread and fries, so it's plenty for sharing-- in fact, if you talk a lot, the large is enough for two people to have a meal. This is a fun date spot. The atmosphere is cosy and casual. I had a great time and will definitely be back.
5	One of Pittsburgh's finest places. It's often way overcrowded on the weekends (Brunch-loves beware/prepare in advance) so going here during weekdays is usually nicer if you can find the time. If you're in a group, get the LARGE moules frites in either the white wine shallot sauce or the red curry sauce. Never be shy to ask for more bread, the servers are incredibly helpful and kind :) LOVE the roasted tomato and spinach dip-- melted piave cheese is to die for. Charcuterie board is better for splitting between two people IMO, and if you're a mac & cheese lover you can't go wrong with theirs.
4	Wow! Point Brugge definitely lives up to the hype! I went here tonight on a first date - and I'll start off by saying this is a perfect date spot! Once you're seated its cozy and perfect for good conversation. It was about 7:15 on Friday night and although crowded we waited only about 20 mins. The draft selection is small- maybe 4 beers- but they had additional bottles that supplemented the draft list well. My date had a Moscow mule And thought it was really good And so did I. I had a terrapin IPA can tgat was good. We shared the mac and cheeee small plate as an app. It was good but a little dry. Large portion though. My date had the flatbread. I tried it and the flavors were there but the actual flatbread needed to be cooked longer. I had the mussels classic style with white wine, garlic , shallots, and cream. They were delicious and more bread was offered to sop up the sauce without me asking. I ate about half the mussels so even the small bowl which is what I had is enough for 2. I'd love to come back for brunch at some point too. Our service was very good as well and she suggested everything we ordered so props to her for not steering us wrong
3	Overcrowded small place and long wait. Food was reasonably good. Location is weird and obscure.We ordered moules frites which was good. I ordered a grapefruit margarita which I didn't like.
4	Excellent little neighborhood bistro!  Just wish it was open to all people, regardless of disability status, like the Park Brugge.  Maybe the outside seating would be, just hope you don't need to get inside to get a table or to use the restroom!
5	Love the modules and carbonnade.   The Belgian restaurant  is a true local find b
4	Was there for the first time today and lets say I'll definitely go back. I loved the food, especially the waffles are to die for (and I am not a waffle person).Only reason I am giving it four stars though, is because most if their dishes are either seafood and pork. Wish they had other or at least more protein alternatives, like chicken or turkey. Other than that, this place is worth the wait.
4	I am giving it four stars for the French fries with gravy and cheese. They call it something fancy like cheese curds and pourve something. The bartender was our waitress. The small plate of Mac and cheese was nothing spectacular. The mussels were average. The dessert of a berry crisp was very small in size and disappointing. But if you go for just a cocktail and appetizer, get the French fries. It's worth it just for them.
4	Came here for a big bowl of mussels and had the whisky with their label. It was yummy and you might want to ask for extra bread!Service was friendly and as efficient as they could be with all the customers there waiting for a table. We grabbed drinks at the bar and waited for a table outside.Cute corner restaurant tucked in a neighborhood. Makes you wish if was right around the corner of your place.
4	aahhhh... what a gem. Came here for lunch with my husband where he got the steak sandwich with au jus sauce and I got the mussels in classic sauce with french fries. The steak was good, bread was crispy on the outside and soft in the inside. They gave me a lot of mussels, although the broth was a little bland for me. It was just a creamy white sauce with no strong taste of garlic. They have a pretty good selection of beer as well.Service is very friendly.
5	This place has a great, quiet environment for a cozy dinner. It can get crowded, so try to show up a little early for a weekend dinner. Great beer and wine selection. Not a great place if you're on a budget, but smaller plates do offer a cheaper meal.
2	Meh.  I'm not a huge fan of this place.  The food is less than interesting, the service is kinda awful, and the price definitely does not reflect the quality of the food.I gave this place two tries, both times I'd give it a slightly less than average rating.  Will probably not return.
4	This restaurant takes brunch seriously and does it right...every time. If you're looking for a refreshing take on brunch staples made with quality ingredients and washed down with delicious cocktails, then this is the place for you! It's not a greasy spoon diner nor is it cheap. If I want to cure my hangover and not break the bank I'll go to Ritter's or Mauramori in Upper Lawrenceville for that. Tip: Get there half an hour before it opens on Sundays if you don't want to wait. Otherwise, be prepared to wait at least half an hour for a table.
5	Point Brugge Cafe has, in my opinion, the best mussels in Pittsburgh.  I know this is not an outlandish claim, because this viewpoint is shared by many of the boutique restaurant patrons.  An afternoon or evening with the Point Brugge staff is truly a step into Northern Belgium, for classic Flemish cuisine.  From the frites with basil mayonnaise to the Prince Edward Isle mussels, the experience is delightful.  The cafe offers three types of Moules (mussels), my favorite being the Red Curry Moules with Brugge Frites. The Classic White Wine and Zesty Tomato options are also very good options.  All of the Moules options pair nicely with a Belgian Beer selection from the bar.I would recommend this as a great location to share with family or your significant other.  Point Brugge Cafe will soon become a new favorite.
4	Last night, at Point Brugge, I tasted the best dish I've ever had. Seriously. THE. BEST. DISH in my whole life: their butternut squash gnocchi. We came at 9 pm on a Tuesday - no wait and the restaurant was nearly empty. My friend seemed satisfied (but not amazed) with his duck confit. The dish I had was one bite of culinary nirvana after another. The butternut gnocchi itself didn't pack a lot of flavor, but with the seared kale, garlic, butter and goat cheese it was a symphony of perfection. Bliss and wonder ensued after each taste. The chocolate mousse we ordered for dessert was exceedingly rich - giant portion size. The service was excellent but waned a bit towards closing. (Bonus points for serving authentic Belgian fruit beer - imported Lambic Framboise!)All in all, great experience with reasonable pricing. And the gnocchi - I don't smoke, but now I need a cigarette!
5	I had half a buffalo bites w ranch, which is already a lot, Belgium burger, a fantastic lamb burger, and a sweet potato fries that are definitely the best sweet potato fries I have ever had! We also ordered a beer Bloody Mary and two over the edges! The beer cocktail tasted weird with the taste of celery and banana pepper. But their beers are really good. For desserts we had a chocolate lava cake and a cheese cake w cream.I love their desserts. They taste like happiness.
5	This place stands out. Consistently great food, service, well selected craft beers and wines. The frites are quite amazing, even if you're only there for a drink, order a side of frites to share. I've not had anything here that wasn't delicious. Strongly recommend!
5	This place is awesome. I prefer their sister restaurant Park Bruges, which is a little less fancy... but for a special occasion, highly recommend. Great food (mussels are out of this world) and Belgian beers. We keep saying that we're going to try new restaurants when we go do out for dinner, but end up at the Bruges more often than not. It's that good.
3	I've been here twice already and I definitely enjoyed my first experience over the second. It was a Friday night so they were pretty busy and we ended up getting a table in the back left hand corner of restaurant against the brick wall. Our server was nice taking our order and helping us with the beer list bit after he served us our food he practically disappeared.I ordered the mussels which were only warm when they arrived. I must have had the big plate because it took about 30 minutes just to get all the mussels out of their shells and by that time my broth was cold. I had them reheat it and ate it as a soup with the extra bread. My husband ordered the special which was spare rib but he said it tasted like chuck roast. It wasn't very flavorful in my opinion.We decided to order dessert, vanilla ice cream and an apple tort. I loved the crust on the apple tort but the filling had way too much cinnamon and wasn't sweet at all. Maybe they will work on the recipe.
3	Belgium? We don't need no stinkin Belgium! Crammed haven in residential Point Breeze, PBC pushes the boundary on what's Belgian. The decor feels like Eat'n Park. A six seat bar functions as the inside of a family restaurant riddled with brown, pastels, and 80s carpeting. Come off-peak or you'll wait with those families.The menu is equally odd. PBC boasts a comparatively thin beer list, spinach dip, gnocchi, and milanese.. not the Belgium I know. Fears evaporated when the sand-bucket sized plate of classic mussels arrived.. balanced, simply-spiced, and cooked tender with no rubber, all shells open. I'll get them every time, best in the burgh. The fries are double fried but closer to overcooked ore-ida, and the thin Chicken and sausage gumbo should be spicier.So come for a bottle of orval and the mussels. Leave with a smile. Ignore all else.
3	The Russell are really good. We are here for brunch and we ordered a mussel, a house special potato pancakes w pouched eggs, and an omelet. I had really high expectation for the food because we arrived 20min after it was open and we had to WAIT for 30min before there was an opening for us. And I do really love the mussels and the base. But both the omelette and the potatoes are kinda disappointing. They are good. But like regular good. Maybe I will try dinner at this place sometime.
2	Six of us had lunch at Chelsea Grill in Oakmont. I ordered my blue cheese hamburger to be cooked medium. While it was large, the meat was very well done. The blue cheese was in some thick green sauce that oozed out of the bun like it was salad dressing. I hated the taste which made me shudder, I hated it so much. I scraped most of the sauce off the meat and the bun.. I was very hungry, but never finished even a half of the burger and refused a carry-out for the other half. The fries are the kind that have a flour costing which crisps up in the fryer but I prefer fries without  any coating. My husband loves hot stuffed banana peppers. He said that if there's a rating system of one to ten, he would rate them a one for awful. He ate the peppers but could not stand the  filling which had no sausage but what he thought was a rice/ bread filling. The other Adult had a chicken salad sandwich was ok. They do  not give free refills for children's' drinks. The cups for the kids were the smallest cups I have ever seen a restaurant have for children. With ice, I bet there was no more than 4-5 oz. of liquid in each cup. Then waitress saw that I ate hardly any of my lunch, but never asked if  I was unhappy with the food. We should have just gone to Oakmont Bakery next door  and  had a pastry and coffee. We would have enjoyed our food and not wasted our money.
1	They don't take reservations and the hostess was rude and also inept. She seated a party of 2 at a 6 top table which meant the wait could have been even longer. Wasn't worth it. There's lots of good restaurants in Pittsburgh that take reservations and/or know how to seat people effectively. Go to one of those.
4	I'm a bit biased as Point Breeze is my hood and I want people to come this way and enjoy the area; but even if I didn't live a few blocks away, I'd make a point to frequent Point Brugge.  It's small and cozy with both table and bar seating.  Nice selection of craft beers and a bunch of fancy schmanty cocktails available.  Good selection of appetizers ranging from frittes to mussels to cheese plates.  I am not a huge fan of mussels but if you are I challenge you to find a better place than Point Brugge for them.  This is their specialty and many of my friends have been unable to order anything else on the menu because they just can't stray from the delicious mussels (served in a nice sauce with a good helping of bread for dipping).  Personally, I like their pasta dishes and recently had a butternut squash gnocchi.  Point Brugge is full of charm and good smells.  I can smell the garlic sometimes from a block away when I drive through.  It makes me happy.My caution to you is that they don't take reservations and there is not a lot of seating so plan to come either early or to stand and wait at the bar.  When it's warm out many people stand outside to wait and enjoy the pleasantries of Point Breeze.
4	Recently my first visit and it was awesome.  The food was very tasty and fresh.  the service was great and I will be back.  I had the Cobb Salad and some Mussels and they were great.  Thanks for a great experience
5	Excellent spot. Great beer selection and modules frites plus good salads and also interesting beer related dishes.  Small spot and I'm sure it can get crowded on weekends but on a wed night it was busy but they worked us in with about a 10 min wait. Fabulous staff and service. You can get a beer or glass of wine and hang on the sidewalk outside.One of our party got the steak frites and the rest got mussels - one traditional and the other two red curry - all were delicious.  Get extra bread to soak up the tons of extra sauce.  Would go here again tomorrow night!
5	My husband and I have been going to the Point Brugge since it opened in 2005. The first time was FABULOUS. Nearly 10 years later, I still remember how perfect our meal of moules was, how friendly the staff was, how comfortable the dining room was. I've tried and enjoyed so many items on the menu: the classic moules, Carbonnade Flamande, and Chicken Milanese are some of my favorites. But they make a great steak, regardless of cut, too. The Mac and Cheese is so addictive as are the frites as I'm sure every other review has already stated. The Point Brugge is the reason for my years long piave addiction! The dessert selection changes seasonally but they've had the Coupe Denmark on the menu for years. It seems simple: vanilla ice cream and hot fudge, but it is so satisfying!The staff is always knowledgable and beyond helpful and the restaurant's owners are fully invested in the neighborhood. It can be tough to get a seat after 6 just about any evening but especially Friday and Saturday nights. We avoid the rush and go a little early if we have our young children. Sometimes we even have a lunch date sans children. If we ARE going child-free, we don't mind having a signature mixed drink (some seasonal and some a little more permanent) at the bar while we wait for one of those coveted seats, although you can eat at the bar.I adore this neighborhood fixture.
5	I had another amazing dinner here last night. It is the third time my girlfriend and I have eaten here, and each time the food has been exceptional. We are particularly fond of the mussels and the homemade "frites". There is usually a short wait because we go at busy times, but the bar has a great beer selection.The atmosphere is wonderful for a date, the whole staff is friendly, and the food and drinks always arrive promptly. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Point Brugge Cafe is perhaps the very best brunch in Pittsburgh. Did I say "perhaps?" It most certainly the finest brunch I have had. I always enjoy the steak and eggs, and my partner has sampled a few tastes. The waffles, as expected, are delicious and the seasonal toppings as always likable. I typically enjoy a coffee and a mimosa, both of which is delightful. The service is always on point, as is the preparation. Be prepared to wait a bit, especially at the beginning of the lunch service.
5	First off, Point Brugge has outrageous mussels.  I don't care for seafood at all and even I enjoyed them, so you know there's a lot of butter and garlic involved here.  While they have a smaller selection of beers, their offerings are excellent Belgian and local beers.  I have only been here for dinner, but it would be a fun (and somewhat fancy) place to bring a date even for just a drink.In addition to traditional Belgian offerings, Point Brugge also has things like gourmet mac and cheese, curry, and decadent desserts.This place is totally packed on Friday and Saturday nights, so be prepared to wait and schmooze over a drink or two at the bar (or out on the sidewalk if it's warm enough).
