4	Ok, I'm new to the whole Thai food thing, and I'm a wuss when it comes to spicy food, so take this review for what it is....I was told by plenty of uber-Thai food fans that this place was the bee's knees, but I wasn't too impressed. i kept it pretty standard ordering just pad thai noodles with tofu and iced tea. the iced tea was killer (i find that at most thai places, what is it with the iced thai tea phenomenon??)the flavor was pretty bland, i have to say. it was the right amount of spicy, but just still bland, no bueno. plus, for a thai place, they did not cook the tofu well, it was totally bland, too.i was disappointed, but i will probably go one more time because you never know if you just catch a restaurant on an off day. it was super busy on a tuesday lunch hour, too, but we got in and out pretty quickly, so it's good for a work lunch.***update 1/08I'm glad I made that disclaimer in my original review, because I've been back three times (only for p/u) and it's now one of my top thai places. Maybe I was bitter because my editor took me there for my year review to tell me the paper couldn't afford more than 3 percent raise (on a reporter's salary, that's about 35 cents - you can imagine my bitterness). Hahahaha. I'm still not 100 percent a fan of their tofu, but the other entrees I've tried are not as bland as my OG visit.It's a great spot to pick up even if I just walk in and order because, what I assume is the owner (a middle-aged Asian women who dresses professional), is SOOO nice and helpful* with the menu and there is a small bar (really small, like 4-5 seats) where I can order a draft and hang out for the 10-15 minutes it takes to make my order.*definition of "soooo nice and helpful": She answered all our questions regarding level of spiciness and confusion over which entrees included noodles or rice patiently and with a smile; suggested one of the most delicious fried banana/ice cream desserts I've ever had; and, one time she realized we weren't finished with our beers when our tightly packaged food was place on the bar, so she spent five minutes undoing the tie to poke holes in the to-go boxes so the steam could escape and not make our food "sweaty". RIGHT ON!that definitely earned them an extra star for service! so... more like 3 and half***************************i'm bumping up another half star because their stellar customer service is dead-ion consistent every single time i come here. i highly recommend the Yupha's House fried rice with tofu - flavorful and not too greasy. and big points for being able to order every single item on the menu as spicy as you want it.
5	After living in Thailand for a while and feasting for pennies, it gets painful to pay American prices for Thai cuisine unless it's top notch. Yupha's really hits that notch. The food is authentic except for the spice rating. Mild at Yupha's can be bland compared to the intensity that was considered mild over there. The environment is really pleasant and it's one of the few Thai places  where the staff actually indulge my poor Thai language skills with enthusiasm and a smile.
5	Absolutely fantastic.  During my first dinner at Yupha's, I remember commenting that these people really give a shit -- and that, to me, is the difference between an awesome restaurant and an average one.Everything from the freshness of the ingredients, the tenderness of the fish, the crispness of the vegetables, the delicacy of the herbs and spices, the aroma of the Jasmine tea, the texture of sticky rice -- you name it, and these guys are all over it.I highly recommend the curries, the tilapia, the garlic and pepper dishes, and, of course, the sticky rice desserts.If there's one downside to this place for me, it's that their vegetarian options are somewhat lacking in all menu sections.  But since I eat fish, eggs, and dairy products, I can deal.  If you're vegan, you may find it a bit challenging to order straight off the menu.This is one of my absolutely favorite places to eat.
4	My friends and I eat Thai for lunch about once every two weeks, sometimes more. That being said, I've been around a fair amount of Thai restaurants in and around Tempe and Yupha's is second to Malee's on my list (first when the budget is tight! He ;) ). A few other quick notes:Double Thai hot, we've discovered, is just hot enough. Yupha's is busy at lunch, but not impossible like Thai Basil.Service is good, but a little slow when they're busy. The two seem to correlate anywhere, so I don't let this one bug me too much.I've tried the pad thai and the pad gra pow. Both are excellent. Servings are good-sized. If you like Thai, put this one on your list.Amen.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Phoenix area - and I love some good Thai food.  I've been to many Thai restaurants and none of them stack up against Yupha's.  You would be hard pressed to find better food and a nicer atmosphere and staff than Yupha's!
3	I've got a friend who loves this place: everytime we go there, I wonder why.  I'll grant that the place seems clean and the staff are friendly enough.  However....1.  Not spicy enough...ever.  It doesn't seem to matter how I instruct the server, my food always comes out at "slightly above frozen General Tsao's Chicken" level.  It's as if they're rationing chiles there.2.  Ridiculous payment policy.  Seriously, how shortsighted a business decision is it to refuse to split checks?  I go out with a group of 4-5 other poor students.  There's no way any of us is in the position to pretend to be a Rockefeller and buy lunch for the whole table.  This is just a dumb policy.
3	Me and my Curry kick are at it again.While others complain of it not being Hot enough, I Ordered mine mild and it was a bit spicier than other places "mild" but it was just right to me.I was first served a bowl of broth with a few veggies(see pics) it was good.I ordered the Red Curry with Tofu (see pics)I thought it was OK, it was mostly bamboo shoots and peppers with tofu, there were only two green beans and 4 very small pieces of eggplant in there. Kinda disappointing after the abundance of veggies I've gotten at other places.Another bummer is they don't serve you that yummy little egg-roll with your meal either.I was really looking forward to that, so I ordered them separately (see pics) and they were not as good as I hoped.No choice of soup or salad , you just get soup and No egg-roll. So while it wasn't bad, It wasn't fabulous either. NEXT!P.S. on their daily special board they misspelled Broccoli as Broccori...hee hee hee
4	This is really, really good thai food.I always get the coconut curry with tofu and have never once been disappointed. I have brought several people there that have always enjoyed.Lilke most Thai restaurants they close between lunch and dinner, so check the hours before you head out.
3	Yupha's recently moved east on Elliot, they are now right next to Tempe Cinemas.  Anyone say dinner & a movie?We had 2 appetizers, one good one merely average.  The Chicken Satay was particularly good with tender and juicy chicken that had a very nice yellow curry aroma and flavor.  The other appetizer was Little Mermaid which is shrimp and bacon wrapped in spring roll skin.  It was not nearly as flavorful as I expected.The main dishes we shared were Pad Thai and Panang Curry.  The Pad Thai was particularly nice with fresh and distinctive flavors.  We ordered the Panang Curry with chicken and beef and we ordered it mild so that the kids would try it.  It had a bite, but not nearly enough to bring out a sweaty brow-so pretty mild.  It was very heavy on coconut milk flavor and the curry was nice but it could have used a bit more complexity.  There were an abundance of string beans which were hardly cooked at all-too crisp.  I think they were just tossed in at the last second.  There were just a few sections of red pepper and a couple of lime leaves.The service here was very good.  We had 4-5 people checking on us regularly and my water only went empty once.  I drink copious amounts of water, so that is pretty good.The atmosphere was nice and open with a very clean and modern take on a Thai restaurant-I approve.
5	The new location is big, open, and a bit more like a dinner spot rather than a mish-mosh diner. But that's just aesthetics, I realize.The food is great. I had the pad thai and tried one of the duck dishes. I'm not a huge fan of duck, but this was nice and tender and the sauce was amazing. Whatever sauce it had on it was composed of peppers, mushrooms and ground pork, if that helps you find it on the menu. The drunken dragon is also fabulous, and at $7 for lunch and $10 for dinner, Yupha's a steal. I just finished the other half of my pad thai a minute ago. Yum.I think it's my favorite Thai in the greater campus area, but then I thought about it and, isn't most of the good food in the Phoenix area in the Tempe area? I think so. Anyway, Yupha is one cool lady and you can tell they're trying hard with this grand opening. A little ass-kissing is nice, but then again, places like these are for regulars, so I guess they don't have to be overly nice to me. I'm just here to grub.EAT HERE. And ask for twice the spicy you would normally. The medium is not spicy and the thai hot is medium.
3	I've tried the green curry with chicken (twice) and with crispy tofu (once), and I must say that I'm giving up on their version of this dish. The curry sauce is too watery for my taste, and, c'mon now, ten small pieces or less of green beans, a smattering of bamboo shoots, and coconut milk do not a delicious green curry make! Apparently, a couple of my Thai coworkers agree that the curries at Yupha's leave much to be desired. I'm told that Yupha serves excellent noodle dishes, but I'll have to take their word since noodles do not rock my boat. Speaking of boats, check out the cool green mural of a floating produce market at the new location. I really like the atmosphere here. 'Tis a shame that I must go elsewhere for fantastic green curry... I DO recommend the, albeit not authentic Thai cuisine, TASTY dish of soft-shelled crab with garlic sauce. This certainly rocked my world that one evening last week ;)  I'll be dining here with a group of chowhounders this week, so I may be back with a review of non-curry based dishes. Stay tuned!You MUST try the homemade coconut ice cream- we had ours served over sweet sticky rice and toasted grated coconut sprinkled on top.  It totally made up for the lackluster curry.
1	I'll be up front - I've never eaten here before.  Right before they changed locations, we had read so many great things on yelp that we had to go there.  We walked in and immediately got a whiff of something truly nasty - there must have been a back up in their sewer because it smelled awful.  We turned on our heels and headed out the door.  We tried to give it another chance but they were in the middle of moving locations.  Does anyone know the scoop on why they moved?  Did it have something to do with that hideous smell?  We're excited to actually eat here but need reassurances that the new place smells better.
4	Yupha's moved east about 2 miles. Don't miss the old location since this was the first time I've been here. :) But it was quite confusing to me since I drove to the old location and just couldn't find it. Luckily my phone can browse the web and I found the new location on their website.Anyways, the new location looks pretty nice. Nice decor and the lady manning the cashier was very helpful and nice (I'm guessing that's Yupha?). I ordered the Pad Sew Ew lunch special, one of my favorite Thai noodle dishes. I took it to go though, so when I finally got him after about 30 mintues, the fried spring roll was not crisp anymore. I can't complain though and I was more interested in the noodles themselves.What can I say? It was good, very good in fact. The right mix of soy and spicyness. Other thai restaurants get the spicyness wrong for me. I like my dishes with heat, but I can't take too much of it. And too little makes it bland. This was the correct amount of heat for me. Also, the chicken was cooked properly. Other places sometimes overcook it, making it tough and rubbery. This was still quite moist and tender.It's a thumbs up for me, but I'll have to come back with a group to order more dishes.
4	Had a group of eleven people dining at Yupha's tonight.  My group of three shared the soft-shelled crabs with veggies and garlic sauce and honey roasted duck with steamed veggies (delish, but half of the plate was duck skin and fat, which doesn't translate to good value for the money).  We still enjoyed dinner, however.  We also ordered the excellent homemade coconut ice cream, which upgrades this review from a three- to a four-star!  My other companions enjoyed apps of chicken satay w/ peanut sauce, and fried and steamed dumplings.  I heard the pad thai was very satisfying.  After conferring with my cousin, who agreed with me that the crabs, while good, weren't as tasty as before, we've decided we'll just stop by when we have a craving for coco ice cream.  Hmm... having ice cream while chatting over a viewing at the discount cinema next door sounds like a great outing to me!
4	The new location passes the smell test!  We had the red curry chicken and the chicken pad thai.  I really liked the consistency, flavor and spiciness of both of the dishes.  They could have been a little more generous with the chicken and shrimp.  The bathroom is nice and clean.I like the new location and I like the decorations.  However, they need to break the space up a little bit with some divider walls or hanging dividers and lights that come down from the ceilings on the tables.  It is a little too much like a big open auditorium.  The service was fabulous!
4	Wife and I have been there twice now..Pad Thai was excellent as was the Massaman Curry!  The only problem we have had was the service...it took SOOOOO long for anyone to even come to the table.  The waitress was busy filling some large table's to-go boxes instead of waiting on other tables.  The sad part was that we filled our own to-go boxes.  Even after the not-so-great service, the food was good enough to come back for.
2	Lost 2 stars!  Sat in the restaurant for 15 minutes ... no waitress ... no water ... no nothing.  We left.Sad part was there was people who left, then came back and got service before us.  The guy who came in after us got seated, hot tea and his order taken while we just sat and waited.  SERIOUSLY doubt we will be going back now.  If you have an hour or so to kill, you can wait for your food/service in there.
4	This is a great Thai restaurant !!! My husband and I eat here very often. The Pad Thai is wonderful and so is the Himalai.A great atmosphere, the servers are very attentive, the food is served in good time.It is highly recommended!!!
4	This was one of the first places I ate after moving to Phoenix, and I must say I was impressed.  Slightly overpriced, but delicious none-the-less. I've never eaten in the restaurant, only ordered take-out so I cannot comment on the service (hence 4 stars).For all you fans out there....the map does not show the correct location for the store.  It used to be near the Wal-Mart off Elliot and I-10, but has since moved to 1805 East Elliot Road #115, off McClintock and Elliot.
5	Yupha's Thai Kitchen is the best Thai food in the valley.  I am married to a Thai who likes to cook and we both agree on this.
3	Goods:better than average food, way saturated in tastegood variety of flavorscashier let me borrow "18% gratuity included" stamp to mark all my currency and debit cardBads:speed (sneaking a peek at 17 mofos unproductively giggling in the kitchen while waiting 20 minutes for  drink order does not make a person feel good about mandatory 18%)portion (I was full, but ate a couple pounds of my own food before going)price (really an offshoot of  "portion")2 3/4 stars would be more accurate.
5	Delicious food. The Pad Thai and Satay are great and the atmosphere is very nice.
5	Everything was great.Tom Kha soup was fresh (but not sure if that's because my husband asked for it with no mushrooms, regardless they offered the option and it was so good!)They have "Thai Hot" and on the menu state that if it is too hot you can't send it back to the kitchen.  I wasn't totally destroyed by the hot, but I'm not sure whether it's because my hot tolerance really has gone through the roof or they secretly went a little easy on me because I'm a nerdy little white girl.They have the AC blasting so if you're one of those get cold easily because you're dressed for the 90 degrees outside - bring a jacket.Oh and their coconut ice cream sticky rice dessert was AMAZING.And like the other review said they are off McClintock now at the Tempe theater shopping center.   Southeast corner of McClintock and Elliot.
5	The Panang Curry is one of those meals that feels like you are home; really a life affirming meal.  One of those meals that makes you feel refreshed and happy to be alive to enjoy such a thing.The food comes quickly and you are always provided plenty of refreshment.  Really, this place is a wonderful thing.  The only sad fact is that there isn't enough rice to sop up every remaining ounce of curry.  Seriously, I think I might ask for more rice next time.
4	Shick place with a good variety of food. Despite I like spicy things I always order mild or I'll leave crying. Taste is good and service is very friendly. Good to share as the portions are big!
4	These guys make the best Pad Thai I have ever had. I am also a big fan of a dish called Himalai. (It's number 800 on their menu) The service is great, the portions are nice too. I like the new location - closer to home for me! We go there so much, the owner knows me. She is a warm and gracious lady. You have GOT to try this place!
5	I somehow randomly drove past this place after attending a race event at Firebird and decided to give it a go. I was totally blown away! The food was made even more delicious by the luck of running across such a wonderful place. The decor is great, the open-ness of the room makes for a comfortable dining experience and the colors are vibrant without being too busy. The artwork was fun to look at while we waited for our food to arrive.I ordered pad se ew with chicken (my mainstay Thai dish) and had wild berry tea as a beverage. The tea was amazing, with fresh berries added which gave it a natural flavor as well as a lovely snack once I was finished with the drink. My husband ordered drunken noodle, Thai spicy and it was definitely just that. My pad se ew was cooked perfectly. The noodles looked like they were made in-house and the black soy sauce was a perfect mix of salty with a bit of sweetness. The broccoli and chicken were all cooked perfectly and there was a nice balance of all three ingredients. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about Thai food and gave very good recommendations. If I even find myself in the Phoenix area again I will definitely be making a return visit.
4	I have visited Yupha's Thai Kitchen once for lunch and once for dinner.  Let it be known that they close for a short period between lunch and dinner so you have to make it before 3pm for lunch or after 5pm for dinner.  The lunch was very nice although the lunch menu had somewhat limited options in comparison to the numerous dinner menu offerings.  The lunch menu offered the most popular Thai fare for an average lunch price.  During their lunch hours, Yuhpa's offers a little soup and salad bar at which you can make your own little Thai salad and/or soup.  Although soup and salad bar is very basic, I was impressed with sweet and rich peanut dressing and the ornately cut cucumbers.  The ambiance was pleasant with it's contemporary decor and high ceilings.  My dinner visit was much more exciting as the dinner menu was far more extensive with some unique Thai dishes such as the Thai Jerky with Papaya salad.....both delicious, I might add!  The curry was very good also.  The presentation of everything was lovely as well.  I also noticed upon leaving that they have a live Jazz band that plays on certain nights, something that I will surely be back to check out.  Indeed I have many dishes to try before I add Yupha's to my list of favorite Thai restaurants, but it has definitely caught the attention of my taste buds for my future Tempe Thai cravings!
4	Best Thai food in the valley.  I have been to others with better pad thai and better tom yum soup, but try the drunken noodles or the pad prik king - nice.
5	Delicious food, incredible service.Went with a group of six people and all the food ordered was fresh and well prepared.  Some dishes of note were the green curry (ordered medium, nice amount of spice, although not for the meek) and the pad prik khing.  The chili garlic sauce on the latter was delish.  The perfect amount of sweet and spicy. The owner was there and made excellent recommendations to those in the party who did not know what to order.  We will certainly go back.This restaurant compares favorably to Thai Basil, which we also like very much.
4	So a co-worker took us to this place.  I barely know this co-worker, which is to say that I have no idea if she's a culinary idiot or if she's worth listening to.  I have issues leaving my comfort zone.Well we ordered the Kew Something appetizer, which is basically pork wontons.  As in, seven pork molecules in a wonton with some sweet and sour on the side.  Tasty, but not the sort of thing that I'd pay $6 for.  One star deduction.But I had Kao Pad (which is a little disturbing sounding) but it is essentially fried rice.  With onions and tomatoes and egg and scallions.  She asked if I wanted it spicy.  I did.  She looked at me like I was a fool, as if I couldn't hang.  I can.I don't generally love fried rice with spice, but I do like rhyming.  So I tried it, and it was amazing.  Really probably the best fried rice I've had in years.  Next time I'd try beef instead of pork but no complaints--for $8 you get a ton of it and it is sensational.The spice is pretty hot.  I got hot, which is not as hot as Thai Spicy, but still spicy for sure.  I was fine with it, because that's just how I roll, but Dallas G's head was sweating profusely, creating quite a look.  Kind of like a shabby chic, with sweat.Anyway.  I have yet to try anything else but what I had was delish.  And unlike my suspect co-worker, you can trust me.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food9 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueA live blues duo (trio?  jazz?  whatever, you get the point), a tasty green curry full of bamboo, a yummy froo froo drink, and a cute Thai waitress = 4 stars.
5	I just had to update my review to five stars because this place is THAT good. Seriously.We now have a new weekly meet up called #ThaiTuesday (or the occasional #ThaiThursday) and I cannot imagine living a week without this delicious treat. In fact, this week I had it Tuesday and Friday. Plus I will be back Monday and then again next Thursday. I guess you could say I am addicted.This is the first restaurant I have been a "regular" at.. and I love that they know my exact order. Although I am having a splendid love affair with the yellow curry (medium-hot) today I also got the Kao Pad with Tofu... its my new obsession!The Buddhas delight appetizer is amazing too. Deep fried tofu wedges with a spicy sweet peanut sauce. MMM MmmMMM.Do yourself a favor and compliment your meal with a pot of jasmine hot tea too!
5	Yupha's is located in the same plaza as Vincitorio's Restaurant on the Southeast corner of McClintock and Elliot. They used to be located on Rural and Elliot, but have moved to this new location in the past year. The space is big, open and modern; with high ceilings, minimal furniture and modern art, it makes for a very relaxing vibe. We arrived at 6:30 on a Thursday night, and while the place wasn't completely full, most of the tables were occupied. Our waitress came by and took our beverage order, and then gave us some time to look over the menu. And time she gave us, because it seemed like it was 10 minutes before she finally returned; they must have been understaffed that night, because it was just her and one other waitress covering the whole restaurant, so we decided not to get to upset by this.When she finally did return to take our order, she couldn't have been more pleasant; answering our random questions and suggesting items on the menu. We got the Thai Rolls and some Tom Kha Gai to start.. The rolls were cooked to a nice, golden, crunchy brown, but they were seriously lacking in the veggie department. The plum sauce was good, but they are probably not something that I would recommend for anyone to order.I absolutely love Tom Kha Gai soup, but almost every Thai restaurant that I go to doesn't offer just a single serving bowl of it, they get all fancy and serve it in these giant silver urns, so I rarely end up ordering it. When I saw that I was able to order just a bowl of the soup, I knew that I had to give this version a try. Well, I have to say, this was the best version I have ever had; it had a touch of heat, mixed with the cool coconut and lime leaves, it was heavenly. My sister had never tried this kind of soup, so I scooped some into a bowl for her and she too thought that it was really good. The flavors were so well balanced, that I really could have eaten a giant urn full of this version!I got the Pad Thai as my main dish....it was AMAZING!!!  The best pad thai I have had to date; sweet and spicy and just all around great.  I was impressed by how un-greasy it was, my only disappointment with it was that it came with just 2 shrimp!My sister got the roasted duck, which she loved, they gave her the whole duck!  Our friends ordered the beef green curry, extra hot, and thought that is was good too.Other than the spotty service, which I am chalking up to a bad night, and the skimpy Thai Rolls....Yupha's is my new favorite Thai place!  I just wish that I lived closer!
5	I think this has to be the best Thai in town! They have so many dishes that can only be found on their menu like Thai Jerky and Duck 4-5 different ways that one must go back... but even then it's hard because you probably have a favorite dish that you just can't help but order everytime because it's the best you've ever had... what dish you ask?Well... for me, it's their Pad Seew. Pure Heaven on a plate... the perfect balance of flavor, and the noodles are so fresh! I'm so thankful my friend had the obsession before me and shared it with me so now I am in the same boat. It is Freakin' Awesome (My highest foodie approval rating).As for the lunch buffet... well, while the vegetable soup and salad is a nice extra, I find it completely unnecessary. The soup is more broth and the I prefer other thai restaurant peanut dressing to theirs... just my humble opinion. Besides, their lunch serving portion is the same size as an entree at dinnertime and filling enough for a second meal.I only have one note of caution: For those afraid of spice, be forewarned... I think when they ask you what spice level you'd like your meal at, you must say: None... because even mild has a warmer kick than usual. I come from the world of Mild, but have worked on my spice level so I can handle their mild quite well... but for the unspiceables, you've been cautioned! Those who like it Spicy hot... this is the Thai place is for YOU! Ask for Thai Spicy for more heat!Yupha, I'm so glad your restaurant is in Metro Phoenix and I hope you keep serving up your brand of Pad Seew for years and years to come!
5	Yupha's Thai Kitchen has the best Thai food in Tempe by far. I love everything I've eaten there and have become a regular. The staff are great, the ambiance is great. I highly recommend.
4	I have been to Yupha's twice now with the #ThaiThursday crew.  I have liked the two different dishes I have tried.  Don't even ask me to get the names right.  I have ordered by number both times.  The first was a noodle dish with shrimp and the second is the fried rice which I get with extra veggies.  I have gotten both dishes medium heat, they let you choose, and both times the top of my head has started sweating so consider yourself duelly warned.  The fried rice is really good and the portion is huge.  I, of course, eat every last grain on my plate and leave fully satiated.  It comes with a small spring roll and a soup and salad bar are included in the price of lunch.  The warm peanut dressing for the salad is really good.  Give the place a try if you are nearby for lunch.  The service is super fast too.
4	being new to the area, i'm really on a quest to nail down my basic food groups: thai, persian, and mexican. mexican i've got down i think, but the other two i've kind of been baffled by. luckily i have my very own personal tour guide who invited me to lunch at yupha's one day. the place is pretty cute but can get pretty crowded when in the full swing of lunch. the tables are kind of close together, so be sure you arent carrying a big purse or anything otherwise you'll be whacking people in the head with it.i had the pad thai for lunch. HUGE lunch portions. i could barely finish a third of it and i had a ton to take home for dinner. also if you arent into spicy, i'd definitely go mild. medium spicy is pretty groovin, but i dont think it would work out well for someone who only wants a little spice. yupha's also has an interesting salad bar/soup thing that comes with some of the lunches. check out the salad with the peanut dressing. mmmmmm peanut dressing. i loves it. service is fast and friendly. take your check up to the front if you want to get out of here quickly. i think yupha's is going to be my work lunch thai place :). garlic beef here i come!
5	Yuppha's is my favorite thai spot. Its got great food, atmosphere service, and even a live band on some nights. Its a fun place with awesome food. I have yet to be disappointed after countless meals.
4	I love Thai food, so when Yuphas relocated closer to my house, I had to try it.The place was full of people right around lunchtime. We got a table quickly though. The food was fresh and flavorful, albeit rather uninspired. I had the pad thai and my husband had one of the chicken lunch specials. There was about a 30 minute wait for the dishes, which was not too bad considering how many people were in the restaurant. The salad and soup do-it-yourself bar was a pleasant surprise, and we helped ourselves to many bowls of soup while we waited.The presentation of the food at Yuphas is really beautiful, and the portions are notably large as well. All in all, a great place to go if you're craving Thai and happen to be in the area. I may have to go back to try some other things on their menu.One thing that did bother me, however, was how close together the tables are. It made it rather awkward at times.
5	In my opinion the best Thai place in AZ.  Very healthy portions, very flavorful food, very friendly staff.
5	Drunken noodles are AMAZING!  It's the best anywhere.  Yupha is great also, always very nice and friendly, and she remembers my name every time I go!  Goodness...writing this review makes me crave it, cuz I haven't been in a while.I'm cuttin' this one short....off to Yupha's!
2	Perhaps I just had an off experience with the food.  The restaurant was very crowded on a Friday night.  I got a curry that was mild.  It was very very very spicy.  I ended up eating two bowls of rice and a small amount of the curry.  Now my husband on the other hand ate my leftovers when I brought them home and loved it.  He likes really spicy food and couldn't believe what he was eating was Yupha's Mild.  I won't go again.  I love love love Papaya Thai.
4	Yupha's has been a personal favorite of ours.  We eat there several times a month and it is always great.  The dishes I usually order and love are the Red Curry, the Drunken Noodles and #302 (I don't know the name).  I gave 4 stars because, while it was good, the Pad Thai wasn't amazing.As for the spice/heat, yes Yupha's is spicy.  I order medium, which would be hot at most other places and it never disappoints.  This was actually a problem in the past because I like spicy food but my wife can't eat spicy food.  We didn't eat at Yupha's for awhile because of this issue.  That was until she found the Chicken in a pot dish and realized she could order no spice.All is good now.
2	I thought the service was good and it is a very pretty restaurant. But, my good was just okay. I ordered a beef salad and while the flavor was good, the meat was really tough and it was hard to eat. The Tom Kah soup I had was a nice sized portion, but I thought the spice (heat) overwhlemed the flavor.
4	We just can't get enough Thai food lately, and Yupha's didn't disappoint.  We were there on a Friday at lunch time. The included salad and soup are modest, but a nice touch.  I ordered Prihk King, medium. The flavor was right-on, but the spice level was WAY higher than a typical medium.  The chicken and vegetables in the dish were fresh and tasty, not over or under-cooked.  Also at the table was the red curry, which was pretty standard, but very good.  That was ordered medium as well, and came out at a more expected spiciness.Service was prompt and friendly.  It was a great deal at $22 for two...would have been $17 without our two frosty Thai iced teas!
5	Hands down the best Thai food restaurant in Tempe!I met 5 of my co-workers there yesterday for a lunch meeting. Yupha came over to our table to say hello (very gracious and friendly), so we ended up asking her to order some of her favorites off the menu. For me, this was awesome because it got me away from ordering the same things that I always order (Pad Thai or curry chicken).Our apps were those tasty, crispy Thai rolls and Satay chicken. The Satay was tender and juicy and probably the best I've ever had.Oh, I wish I could remember the names of main dishes because they were all AWESOME. We had Yupha's fried rice, some kind of curried beef, some chicken with veggies, and drunken noodles. All of the food was great, but the DRUNKEN NOODLES... WOW. Flavorful and spicy enough to clear out your sinuses. Highly recommend the drunken noodles.Thank you, Yupha, for enlightening me. I will be back!!!
2	Our friends go to this joint a lot and raved about it so we decided to give it a try since we were in the area.  We've both been to Thailand numerous times and have frequented plenty of local as well as out-of-state Thai restaurants...and this place was a real let down.We ordered the Pad See Ew and the Spicy Eggplant (w/shrimp & chicken) and also Thai ice tea.  We ordered both dishes at a level "1" spicy.  Even though we both could eat medium spicy...we weren't in the mood for really spicy food...so decided to go w/a "1" just for a little kick.I can pretty much predict how the food is going to be by judging the Thai ice tea...and it appeared too clear, tasted watered down (lacking in the essential tea flavor), too sweet & had an artificial sweetener after taste.My Spicy Eggplant looked beautiful upon arrival and I got my hopes up...but once I dug in...it was way too spicy.  I'm not sure if there was no flavor to my dish or if it was so spicy I couldn't taste the flavor.When the lady came back to ask me how my food was and I told her itwas really spicy for a 1...she told me I should order it non-spicy thenext time.  I thought that was kind of dismissive since I didn't wantmy food non-spicy...just at the level that I ordered and could enjoy.  All the meat & vegetable also looked like it had been steamed or boiled and then a sauce poured over it...no absolutely no pan sauteed look, smell or taste.Our Pad See Ew noodle was mushy and unappetizing...and it didn't taste too much better than it looked.  I did notice that it wasn't as oily as stirred fried noodles usually are so maybe that's why it was clumpy & mushy?One good thing I do have to say about the place is that the decor and ambiance was really nice and the rest of the wait staff were friendly.Overall, I would have given this place 3 stars if it hadn't been for the patronizing attitude from the one lady.
4	Went here for lunch!  I am usually pushed for time on projects, so I wans't sure if I wanted to go to a sit down, but this place was nice and quick.  The lunch offers salad and soup with an entry ($8).  I thought that the salad and the soup was weak.  However, the pad thai and the drunken noodles made up for it.  My coworkers got their dishes mild and hot.  I got my noodles extra hot.  And of course, being a Thai restaurant, had another standard of spiciness.  The dish provided enough food for lunch.  People were friendly and cashed us out in a timely manner.  Definitely recommend it if you want to switch it up for lunch between Jimmy Johns, Subway, and the AZ Bread Company.
5	I just had the pleasure of discovering Thai cuisine at this restaurant. A friend and I work near by at Supercut's and had been hearing rave reviews about this place. So, we decided to check it out. When we went the sign had already switched to "closed" and my friend decided to check the door anyway. We walked in, since there was still people there and they had no problem seating us, a great start. We ordered Buddha delight, and crab puff to start. Both of these were amazing. For the main course we ordered tom yum goong, which is a delicious and spicy soup (if you can't take the heat i suggest you go with mild.) After our soup we asked the waiter if we could have the fried banana and the flambed fried ice cream. She said she would ask to the chef's since it was already quite late, which was understandable. To our surprise the chef's said, no problem. The deserts were fantastic ! I will definitely be back ! Note: They do warn you about the spiciness in the menu, you have four levels of spice to choose from so choose carefully.
5	Best Thai place not only in Tempe, but in the Phoenix area.For an appetizer, I have never encountered Siam Wraps at any other Thai restaurant, but the minced chicken wrapped in lettuce is reason enough to visit. For a soup, their Tom Yum is perfect. I'll just leave it at that. Their Drunken Noodles and Pad Thai are exactly what they should be with fresh meat and vegetables. I'm not a huge curry fan, so I can't speak to that, but if you love noodle dishes, you're going to the right place.Their levels of spiciness are fair. If you want spicy food, order it Thai hot. I like food that's considered spicy by the most and it's perfect for me. However, if you want VERY spicy food, have a conversation with your waiter and they'll surely accommodate you.
4	Warning. Yupha's likes it hot. Their mild is not so mild.I'll admit I'm not that into spicy food. Wherever I go for thai food I always order the mild. Usually that means little to no spice. At Yupha's mild means spicy. I ordered the pad pak - mixed veggies with chicken. It was so hot my tongue was burning. So I asked the waitress if I could get it remade and se did accommodate me and told me "next time order no spice" will do! But then not 5 minutes later I overheard a guy saying the same thing about his pad thai - too spicy. So at least it's not  just me!When I got my fresh order it was delicious. A nice mix of veggies and flavorful sauce - just no spice! And the servings are huge! I had plenty left over for another meal.So if you like spicy food you'll get your fill here. If you don't, remember to order no spice or get ready for your tastebuds to go up in flames.
4	Delicious Thai cuisine at reasonable prices for lunch.  The lunch specials include unlimited soup and salad as well.  The salad comes with a warm peanut dressing that is very tasty, and the soup we had was a clear broth with vegetables.  The curry dish I had was the right amount of spiciness (I asked for it regular hot), had very fresh ingredients and was packed with flavor.
4	Excellent pad thai, great ambiance
5	I love love love this place!!!! They have the best drunken noodles!!!! Way way better than Thai Basil!Its a little place but its sooo good. I love going there for lunch, its very affordable.Five starts baby for food and staff!!!! :)
5	Yupha's came highly recommended by a coworker so we went here for lunch.  The ambiance of the restaurant is very cool.  It's open, calm and even though it was very busy, it was somewhat quiet.  I ordered the Pad Pak with chicken and a side of fried rice.  I'm really sensitive to spiciness and their "mild" has a bit of a kick to it - but not to the point where it's unbearable.  The veggies were cooked to perfection.  My dish was incredibly flavorful.  And that fried rice!  I will be going back there just to order the fried rice!  It's the best I've ever had in my life!Definitely a great restaurant!  I can't wait to go back.
4	i've been here twice and both times was extremely happy. the servers are very friendly and prompt and the atmosphere is nice and quiet. i've not seen it busy either time, and we went around dinner time.i usually get beef with basil, green onions and white onions. i've gotten it medium both times, it's delicious. not very spicy and just the right amount of flavor.  Matthew usually gets the thai fried rice with tofu and just loves it.we've tried some appetizers; the chicken satay and the spring rolls. the sauce that comes with the satay is wonderfully peanut-y and spicy.not too expensive, highly recommend.
4	Yupha's Thai Kitchen is a pretty nice little place. My girlfriend and I are both big fans. The foods reasonably priced. The service is great and timely, and as a picky eater (typically) I still find lots to digest here. My favorites are the Thai fried rice, Lard Na and the Pad Thai. Typically I get these with tofu-- which they always cook to perfection and supple tastiness. Every time I've been here, it's never been particularly busy, even at dinner and lunch. This place is a great little hide-away of Thai goodness. Definitely worth stopping in to have a meal at...
4	Tried Yupha's for the first time tonight before catching a cheap movie next door. Although I ordered to-go, the interior was nice and the staff was extremely friendly. Best Pad See Ew I've had in a while. I wolfed it down like there was no tomorrow. I get this dish at every Thai place I go to and this one is up there with the best, if not the best. Looking forward to trying it again if I'm ever in the area. Thumbs up!
4	Wow, best red coconut curry ever!  This place is great, totally not what I expected.  I went there for the first time with my friend for lunch.  We were sat right away and food came out about 20 minutes later. The service was just okay, we had to ask for our drinks twice and for a box, but they were busy, so I'll give her a pass. They attract a large lunch crowd and I was impressed how well they managed.   The salad bar was good too; it was small but had nice fresh veggies and a yummy peanut dressing!  My friend had the pad Thai with tofu, I thought it was okay, but the compared to the rocking flavor of the curry it really didn't stand a chance.  I will say, when I said I wanted it medium she highly recommended I go with mild spice and they could add more if needed... definitely didn't need it!  Yum, yum... go get some!
5	Best Thai food I ever had. If you haven't tried this place yet...you really are missing out...its that good!!I ate from the dinner menu and had the Thai barbeque classic, my stepdaughter had Thai fried rice  (she's 9 and very picky) and my friend had one of the Pad entrees. For an appetizer we had the Golden curry puffs. Because of the way the food is served, we were able to share everything.Everything, and I mean everything, was delicious! I can't wait to go again. No one in my party had any complaints all you could hear was "hmm" "so good"...etc.
5	Great Thai food! My favorite dish is their shrimp with coconut curry & pineapple!! They always have friendly staff and a great ambiance! It's also in a great location right next to the Tempe Cinema.
2	Nothing too special.  Decent Thai food at a good price.  I was disappointed in the Tom Kah soup, as it wasn't really served or even tasted quite like the way I'm used to it, and it's usually my favorite thing on a Thai menu.The bigger downside was slow, though friendly, service.   I couldn't tell if they were understaffed because all the girls serving and busing looked the same to me, honestly, so that may have been the problem, or I might just be kinda racist.Worst of all, perhaps particular to our experience or the product of popularity and layout, was the noisy couples surrounding us.  It was hard NOT to hear their conversation even over the noise of eating our own meals, and it made my dinner mate and me oddly self conscious and uncomfortably aware of a lack of privacy for our own conversation.So yeah, two stars.  Sorry, nothing personal, just overrated.
2	Food was OKAY. just okay.My husband and I had tom yum goong and nam sod to start off our dinner. The tom yum goong was flavorful, but didnt have the authentic taste. It tasted very strongly of fish sauce, authentic tom yum has a sour bite and instead of having dried chili flakes for the spice, there is spicy chili oil that makes everything blend so well together.  The nam sod was too sweet and lacked of that spicy sour thai taste as well. I had the pad sa eew.It was too sweet, comparable to hoisin sauce. The sweetness was overwhelming, I felt a little sick and got over the taste pretty quick.My husband got the panang curry. It was too runny for curry and tasted quite bland.For dessert we had coconut ice cream and sweet sticky rice. The rice was delicious, the ice cream was pretty tasteless by itself, but when eaten with the rice it tasted perfect. For its price though, the portion was not worth it.The service there is friendly and when asking for their suggestions or opinions on dishes, not very informative, but they do try their best to explain and are honest. I appreciate her effort, accent and all lol.This is arizona though, im from california, what was I expecting after driving around and seeing how arizona was like lol.You guys pwned with your mexican food though. OMG.
3	Yupha's... I love the idea of this place.  It's nicely arranged and decorated and the staff is friendly.  They also feature animal cruelty free soaps and lotions in their nice bathrooms.  The problem is, when I go, which has been 3 times now, I only like one of the 50% of the food that is ordered.  That which I do like though, is pretty good.  It's just kinda hit and miss for finding something that I'll like.  It'd be the kinda place to go if you find one dish and just stick with it maybe.  For me for now though... I think I'll keep looking for my favorite neighborhood Thai.  I'd still easily go if friends wanna meet there though.Possibly see ya there.
5	I am not the most experienced Thai food eater, but I have been on a Thai kick lately and Yupha has been the answer. I am in looooove with the fried rice. Great portion, amazzzing taste. Love at first bite!I like to compliment it with the sweet and sour entree with tofu. I get it mild and it's plenty spicy for my taste. The sweet and sour is not like that of a Chinese restaurant, but I'm thinking I like it better. It's more like sweet and spice and that is A-OK with me. It is also a generous portion and includes a side of white rice which is delicious when drenched in the sauce.The staff has always been incredibly nice and the service is usually pretty speedy. I like the setting of the dining area too, it's usually pretty quiet when I've been in there and it's a relaxing setting.I would definitely recommend going here to anyone looking for some delicious Thai food!
5	It took me a while to write this review. Yupha's already had so many reviews I figured it didn't need another one. But after almost 70 reviews, I think it should have higher than a 4. This has been my favorite Thai restaurant for 2 years running now, and every now and again I try other Thai restaurants that just aren't as good. Yupha's is exceptional. It is exceptional compared with other Thai places in the Phoenix area, and it is exceptional in comparison to Thai places I've tried in other cities, too. Their Pad Thai beats any other I've tried, and they offer fancier dishes that are always incredible: things like shrimp and eggplant, duck, and lamb. The curry puff appetizer is to die for, and they have lots of tasty salads that are fun to share. I usually pass on dessert when I eat out, but Yupha's offers really tasty, subtle desserts in reasonable portions: sweet sticky rice, rose-scented custard, and homemade coconut ice cream are all amazing. There are other good Thai restaurants in town, and you should support those, too, if you like them, but Yupha's is truly incredible, and if you've been meaning to give it a try, do.
5	Great food, great service.  Yupha's serves large portions.  Not a fancy place, but very nice.  We many times hold our legal department lunches here.
5	Our experience at Yupha's was bomb dot com.  The menu is a little intimidating at first since every dish has its authentic Thai name, but the numbers next to them helped.  We asked for some dishes to be spicy while others not to be and it turned out great.  The spicy dishes gave a kick wile the mild ones still gave a full flavor.  I suggest to order by the numbers though, since there is sometimes a little lost in translation.  All together I really suggest Yupha's, especially if you are sharing amongst a large group!
4	Had the Little Mermaid app and Pad Thai... both really yummy! The Pad Thai was quite spicy - I asked for like a 4 out of 10 because some Thai places any more don't serve their food as spicy as you ask - this was right on though!Can't wait to try more of their menu :)
3	Three times is not a charm, between dinner and lunches... it's ok and I'll keep chugging over here if someone is asking to go... but nothing memorable... I've been across the menu from duck to seafood to noodle dishes and curry.  If you like hot and spicy, they will go the mile and this place will be for you!
4	I have been to many Thai restaurants in the Valley and this is the one that I aways go back to. Their roasted duck is consistently good. Get the Ped gang daeng (801).
4	GREAT THAI - GREAT LUNCH SPECIALSI admit, i'm a Yupha's die-hard lunch crowd fan.  I go in with friends and the waitress both remembers us and remembers our standard lunch orders.  I have a hard time saying anything negative about this restaurant.Me?  I'm a big fan of the Drunken Noodles, Pad Gra Pow, and of course, the Pad Thai.  Also, tofu (fried or soft) is always an option for every lunch dish.  The staff readily and easily makes dietary exchanges - I get brown rice and no eggs. oh and it's the perfect place to test your heat index.  I get HOT regularly, but it seems that Monday's lunchtime chef is a bit sadistic.  Be careful.  You can always add crushed red pepper at the table.  They do not accept take-backs if you ordered it too hot.
1	I've had this food twice, once in restaurant, once take out. The first time I got garlic noodles, and while they were good, it just wasn't flavorful enough. Plus, over half the items on the plate were not meant to be eaten, just for decoration. Looks like a lot of food, but it really isn't. Maybe I was just really hungry.The staff sucked. I've heard from numerous other people (who love and still frequent this place, despite their staff) that Yupha's has the best food, just horrible service when the owner, Yupha, isn't there. It took forever to be seated, when we (party of two) could see actual tables open just sitting there. Second visit was a complete and utter disaster. I thought, oh, I'll try take out since I'm by my self and everyone says that's the way to do it anyway. I ordered the Pad Thai for dinner, not realizing that I was looking at the lunch menu. Who would think their lunch pad thai and their dinner pad thai would be different? Well, they are. I'm a vegetarian, and the lunch pad thai has tofu, no meat. Well, the dinner pad thai that I paid $13 for and got home with, had chicken and shrimp in it. I called to see if they could cook me a new meal if I came back (which was already irritating considering I live 15 minutes away. 15 minutes there, 15 minutes waiting, 15 minutes home, 15 minutes back, 15 minutes waiting,15 minutes home... This better be the best pad thai I've ever had.) But instead, after explaining the situation, the lady copped a major attitude with me and said, "Ok, so?" I explained again: I'm a vegetarian, I don't eat meat. What I have here has meat, so I can't eat it." Her reply: "Yeah, we have options without meat. And?" I cried. I paid $17 dollars after everything was said and done for something I couldn't eat. I will take my business somewhere that understands what good customer service is.By the way: I've worked 3 years in the restaurant business and the last year I have been in retail, so I have extensive customer service experience. You should NEVER treat someone like that.
4	The food was great. Service great. Cute place. The pad thai was amazing. The yellow curry was ok. We asked for hot but it didnt taste that spicy. The shrimp in the pad thai wasnt very good.but the chicken in it was great. Overall it was a great experience.
4	I love to come in and get my fix for some yummy Thai food.  One of my favorite dishes to get here is the Drunken Noodles, and it has to be one of the more spicy dishes on the menu.  I also really like the red curry dishes.  I've tried so many things on the menu, and have liked everything.
5	I love thai food, this is the best in the valley. Everything here is especially great, from the Pad Thai which is my favorite to more unusual dishes. The service and atmosphere is exceptioonal as well. Try it, you will be hooked like me.
4	This place is great. I love the salad dressing that they have at the salad bar and the soup is great too. I've tried a couple of things on the menu and have not been disappointed yet! A favorite spot!
5	I have been going to Yapha's for years now and they never disappoint. Each meal you order you're able to get soup and a salad from the soup and salad bar. It seemed strange at first putting hot peanut dressing on a cold salad but wow that dressing is so good I could drink it. I always dump a little in my soup as well it's so good. The service is always a little slow but I would wait any day for such kickass food. I always order the drunken noodles with beef thai hot it's so good. A must stop for any one that loves great thai food.
4	This place is good.  It's little high price, but it was good Thai food.  I wish the portion size was bigger.
5	Thanks to fellow "Yelpers", 6 ladies enjoyed a most fabulous lunch at this restaurant today.  We all love Thai food and have tried numerous restaurants in and around the Phoenix area.  I had the Green Curry special (with chicken - it's my most favorite item on a Thai menu); flavorful, fresh. HOT and delicious!  The $8.95 special included a trip to the salad/soup bar.  FRESH is the primary reaction to this addition - a warmed peanut dressing topped the beautifully sliced veggies for the salad (tomato, onion, cucumber, etc.) tossed onto a serving of head lettuces, carrots and the likes.  The amazingly tasty vegetable soup  was flavorful and light - loaded with fresh, crisp veggies.  Our entrees arrived steaming hot and cooked to perfection.  Each dish was accompanied with a crispy Thai roll.   We ate too much but every bite was more delicious than the one before.  I'll go back again and again!  (You can take in a cheap movie next door at the Pollack Theater).  To Melissa W. of 2/11/2011 - I LOVE hot and spicy foods....they met my desires.  However, if you don't want it hot, tell them.  They'll most certainly accommodate you.
5	The Green Curry with Chicken was breathe-takingly good.  I am new to the Phoenix area having moved from DC and really missed the availability of great Thai food.  This Curry was better than some that I ate at the Thai Embassy in DC and rivals the best Thai restaurants in the world!
4	Love Yupha's for both lunch and dinner.  The service is friendly.  Lunch is fabulous as you get the soup and salad that you can prepare how you want, with their really good warm peanut sauce along with whatever entree you order.  Every dish I have ever ordered there is wonderful.   I drive a little farther at lunch to go to Yupha's as it is my favorite Thai place in the East Valley.
3	I've been eating Thai food since I was little, so I guess you could say I'm pretty critical of the food. The food is probably the best food I've found in the area, but compared to all of the Thai places I would frequent in Chicago, Yupha's is rather sub-par. Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but the prices are pretty high. (Some prices are higher than Chicago prices). Another one of my biggest qualms with Yupha's is that the food is rather inconsistent.I once ordered the Tom Yum which was great, but the second time was terrible. I also ordered the House Salad which is really good, but I was surprised at how small it was, a couple weeks later it came with extra ingredients and was huge.Overall, it's definitely a place to try, especially if you're critical of your Thai food. It'll probably be the best Thai food in Phoenix, but I still can't believe some of the prices.
4	Best Thai restaurant in the east valley! I've had lunch and dinner there a number of times and both experiences have been great. The number of times I've been there for lunch it was packed. Lunch seems to be the better deal. You get more for the money. Dinner is more expensive and it seems like you get a little less. I think it's because the lunch specials come with a spring roll, soup, and salad. (Soup and salad is all you can eat....as long as they don't run out.) Other Thai restaurants I've eaten at skimp on the meat. Not Yupha's. It's not like they pile on the meat, but you can actually find meat. The Thai dishes are amazing and fairly authentic. Be forewarned that if you order dishes extra hot, you'll not be able to taste anything else after the first dish. The servers are very friendly and provide good service. The place is kept very clean and looks more upscale for a non franchise Asian restaurant. The restaurant is a good size.
4	Friendly owner that serves good Thai food in a clean restaurant.  I ordered the Tom Yum, papaya salad, and the 304, and topped it all off with some coconut ice cream (yes I shared my food).  The hotness was dead on, I ordered hot (not thai hot) and my dish was just right.  The food had good flavor and didn't let me down.  Prices are similar to other nice sit down Thai restaurants so I don't understand all the complaints.
4	Go here!  Everything was good, drunken noodles were fantastic.  Great atmosphere; polite, quick service.  Wish it was just around the corner from me.
5	One of the best Thai places I've been to in the Valley. The drunken noodles and yellow curry are great.
4	We were in from San Diego and all 5 of us really enjoyed our food. The portion sizes were large enough we could have shared. The service was excellent. If we're in Tempe again I would definitely go here again.
4	Yupha's fried rice is a must! It will keep you coming back for more.
3	When Yupha's used to be on Elliott and Hardy their prices were lower and the portions were bigger.  Now they are at Elliott and McClintock, and with the move came a price hike along with a reduction in the amount of food they served.  For me, they have priced themselves out of my regular rotation.  The food is still tasty enough when I am in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
4	The food was great. I get the Yupha's Fried Rice or the Pad Thai.My girlfriend gets the curry.They ask you how spicy on a scale of 1-10. The first time we got a 4 and a 6 and we were both dying (and I eat spicy food all the time, raw peppers, etc).This time we got a 1 and a 2 and it wasn't spicy enough. I think I'll go with a three next time.BUT:My only complaint is the "No Firearms Allowed" sign.For those of you with CCW permits, please take note of this because it will instantly turn you off to spending your money somewhere.Since they serve alcohol, people without permits already can't legally carry there, but since I have a permit I am legally allowed to carry in a place that serves alcohol (I don't drink, obviously).I probably won't be returning due to this when there are countless places in the Phoenix area that respect my right to self-defense.
5	My favorite Thai restaurant in Phoenix metro area. Yupha and her staff do a great job - I've enjoyed everything I've tried.
3	I went here for lunch today with a friend. I ordered the drunken noodles and she ordered the pad see ew. I saw the little salad cart, but no one told us if that was included in our lunch or not. So we sat there trying to make eye contact with someone in order to ask if we could go up there. We finally were able to ask as our food was dropped off. It turns out it is included! That would've been nice to know. We went up and got soup and salad. The salad was alright, fresh, but the dressing wasn't my favorite peanut dressing ever. The soup was kind of boring, not the normal either coconut -y and sweet soup or the tasty veggie and tofu soup.... it was just chicken broth with chopped, not completely cooked bits of carrot in it. Kind of meh. My noodles were alright, they were spicy, but everything was chopped up real tiny so it was hard to find the noodles. This drunken noodle was a lot different than others I have had, it had egg and had way less veg in it. It was alright, but not my favorite. My friend ordered her noodles medium spicy and it was a bit too spicy for her, so that's something to note. I thought the service was fine, not very friendly, but efficient. Overall, this place is alright, not the best, not the worst.
5	I was meeting some high school friends after a long time and we decided to go for Thai food. The ambience was good and the food was good too. I ordered the Buddha Deligh (fried tofu). Loved it .Got the yellow curry which was awesome too. Would definitely recommend this place if you are in the area and want to eat thai food.
5	One of the best thai resturants in AZ.  I love thai food and will drive out of the way to eat a good one.  But luckily for me this one is in my naighborhood.  Three good dishes that they have are the drunken noodle, the lettuce wrap & the mussels (yuphia basil).  the mussels are unique and you should try it.  I've never had it anywhere else prepared this way.  give it a try.
4	Food and atmosphere, it's excellent for me. We ordered the chicken satay with peanut sauce, my husband is generally picky and only praises the American comfort foods but this time , he liked it a lot. We ordered red chicken curry and two thumbs up! I cant wait to dine in at that place again. Winner!
5	Yupha's is close to home and A SERIOUS FIND!On a Friday evening, 7 PM, I got the urge for papaya salad.  My Yelp mobile App found Yupha's as one of the Thai restaurants close to home.  I got in the truck and headed east to Yupha's in anticipation of, because it was Friday, a bit of a wait when I got to the restaurant.Arriving at Yupha's, the parking in front of the restaurant was pretty full.  Entering the establishment, I took in what was about 20 tables seated, some dining, some waiting for food, and some just finishing their meals.  I was met at the door quickly and ushered to a table.  The waitress presented me with a menu and asked what I would prefer to drink.  I ordered water and looked at the menu.My water was delivered in about a minute, and I advised I was ready to order.  The waitress took my order for Som Tom, Thai Hot, along with a side of Jasmine rice.  The prices in the menu are cheaper than the prices on the website, so I was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant is easy on the eyes...subdued lighting, tinted windows and partitions throughout that provided a sense of defined space and some privacy at the same time.  Music was subtle, conversation there, but not too loud.  The water was filtered and served with lemon, very refreshing.My wait for dinner was not nearly as long as I anticipated.  From ordering to being served, I waited barely 5 minutes.  The portions of salad and rice were both impressive, about 2 1/2 cups for the Som Tom and about 1 1/2 cups of rice.  The salad was nearly perfect!  The spice was right on (5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat, 10 (Thai Hot) brings tears to my eyes.  The dressing was a bit sweet for my tastes, so I asked the waitress for some lime.  She was gone barely 30 seconds and back.  The accents of sweet, sour, spicy and salty were perfect!  I also experienced hints of garlic that were just right.My server came back and asked if I needed extra napkins as the tears were beginning to run down my face.  I advised that everything was wonderful and I had enough napkins.  Thank you, Yupha!  You have certainly proven your skills!  I also appreciate that you have the fortitude to display that firearms are not allowed in your restaurant.  It is gratifying to see that you are willing to state your preference toward a violence-free experience.Know that I will return!
5	Notice all the five star reviews?  Yea, one of the best in town by far!  I always get the red or yellow curry.  Been eating here for a few years now.  Yupha is great and she kinda looks like Kim Jong Il in Team America, which is one of my fav movies! If your lady likes spicy/Thai food, Yupha's is probably going to be a panty dropper for ya because the food is great and the atmosphere is very ambient and sexy.
4	I have traveled across the internet to sing the praises of a certain Thai restaurant. Through a semester and a half of research with one of my favorite ASU professors, we had dined at Yupha's Thai Kitchen once. It was incredible! One of the best Thai meals I've ever had was overshadowed by some service faux pas and thus they lost a star in my book... but the food (!) oh the food... We began our meal with a sampler platter, it was a big plate of deep fried beige. Normally, this would repulse me and wish for some creativity, but I gave it a go before I started my ranting and it was SO good! the thai rolls are your basic deep fried spring rolls, at least the ingredients were fresh. but the plum sauce was great and it went well with the fried dumplings and I always enjoy fried tofu!I ordered #850 the Lard Na. Thick noodles in a gravy with veggies. I was happy with it. I ordered it to be cooked at medium heat with a chili tray. Our server was very happy to accommodate me. :) But the highlight of the meal was my friend's meal. He ordered #812 Thai Beef Jerky. It was a nice hunk of beef that was marinated and then deep fried and served with sticky rice and a nice dipping sauce. It was crispy, tender, flavorful with a combination of spices I never really had before. I loved every bite I stole from my friend. The sticky rice went perfectly with it. It was served on this leaf atop a plate and the leaf perfumed the rice. It was a perfect dish. I *need* you to give it a try also!! We capped off our meal with the Fried Banana & I cream. An Americanized Thai classic done right. I could have used a lil LESS honey in all honesty but that's just me. Now for the bad news...Everyone at the table got their food except for me. It took another 20 minutes for me to get my Lard Na. *harsh sigh* really?? I know Thai places usually serve food as its ready and not necessarily when the table's orders are all completed. But 20 minutes! Come on! AAAAND... the worst food crime didn't even happen at my table: at a table near me, a dish of hot food, pineapple fried rice maybe and the guests were a little bewildered at its sight but still began to eat it. They used the serving utensils and dished some of it out, one of them put the utensil in their mouth and began using instead of a fork or chopsticks (something I do sometimes too) . They laughed about getting free food... at the same time, another table got their food and same thing... one person was left out. **harsher sigh** and THEN the server realized what she had done, she gave the dish to the wrong table. So in what I consider to be very gross more than anything. The server grabbed the rice dish and its utensil that was sitting next to the dish on the table  from the table it was delivered to and brought it to the table it was supposed to go to. half eaten, with an obvious dent in it. Before the guest could say something, the server re-fluffed the rice and left the table. **shudder**To My Fellow Yelpers: That's gross. And yet I stand by my 4 star review. The food's THAT good! But when you go, be sure to keep an eye on the servers. Just to be safe and speak up when your server serves you a half eaten dish.
4	Great Thai food at a great price. They throw in a simple salad and soup bar with your lunch special (a meal all by itself). Nice decor and friendly staff.
2	I got the panang which was good but still not better than Siamese cat and the meat was a bit scarce. I also sampled the sample platter which I had to give away. Maybe the problem was I got take away but I could not eat any of it. When I picked up the food though the ambiance was nice and looked clean. It was pretty busy also so maybe it's a better dine in experience.
4	What a fantastic find for a Saturday night with a big group!I came to Yupha's after my friends and I decided to not go to a particular Italian restaurant. I have had some really good Thai food in the past, so I have relatively high standards.My friends opted for the standards of Pad Thai and Pad See Ew and they were both very respectable renditions of the dish, even surpassing some of my hometown favorites. I however decided on something I had been craving for months after having it at Lotus of Siam in Las Vegas a few weeks prior. The Crispy Roasted Duck.The duck came on a hot skillet and it was a very generous portion being topped with fresh basil and caramelized onions. The duck itself was cooked more than I would have preferred, but the skin was crispy and the meat was very tender and flavorful. It was very good and I have been craving for it a past few days. Hard to beat good duck......I also got a soup with coconut milk, mushrooms and chicken. Overall the soup had a great depth of flavor and was also very rich. It was also really really spicy, which made me want it even more.Overall Yupha's really surprised me. I am often left satisfied, but never blown away with Thai food, but Yupha's is some of the best I have had in the United States. The crispy duck really blew me away and if I am ever in Tempe, I am heading to Yupha's.
4	Elegant, upscale and modern decor. Classical music. Friendly, helpful and super fast waitresses. We had: Pad prew wan, medium hot, it was delicious, nice balance of sweet and sour; Pad prik khing, sauce was nice texture and balance of spices was best I've had; Homemade coconut ice cream had a light flavor perfect to cleanse the pallet and had a sorbet texture. Brown rice was too dry. I can't wait to try their noodles!
5	So its kind of an understatement that I am a bit of a picky eater. I pretty much don't like anything. My buddy Kris asked me to dinner one night and suggested to come to this place. He said it had good Yelp reviews and was close to his house. I reluctantly agreed, mainly because the last Thai place he took me to was kind of "meh". I'm very happy that I agreed because this place was awesome. So awesome, that I have been back multiple times!! I've been to a few other Thai places around town, many of which are good, but non as good as Yupha's!! I strongly urge you to try this place, I don't think you will regret it!
3	you lost me Yupha! I haven't been here in a long time, though I always recommend it. Yesterday we were a group of 5 and "group" tip is something that get's to my nerves. Probably I wouldn't be writing this re-review if at least the service had been good. Seems we had the bad luck to have a newbie under train but she got confused in the orders, forgot some napkins we asked for and finally we had a mix of 2 or 3 other persons, who also kept forgetting that one of us wanted to ask for desert.
5	I've been coming to Yuphas for about three years, and an absolutely addicted to their drunken noodles! Their staff is really quick for lunch service (which comes with a small salad bar and vegetable soup, and spring roll), which is great for a workday lunch. I'm really excited that they're now open for lunch on the weekends too. My friends and I are regulars and the staff always remember our orders and bring us extra hot chili sauce. I highly recommend Yuphas!
4	I had the pad thai here, it was just O.K.... It was flavorful, yet still a bit too sweet. I still think Thai Lahna has the best pad thai. THAT said, I would like to come back here and try the drunken noodles, as everyone seems to sing it's praises. The lunch special isn't too bad....7.95 for any dish (plus $2 for shrimp) and it comes with a salad and soup (both of which you serve yourself buffet style).We came here at lunchtime, it was very busy, many of the table's were full, yet we still received great, prompt service. Another plus is that they serve their tea loose leaf in a tea press, and not in bags. (quality of tea in an oriental restaurant is always high on my list of important aspects said restaurant should have) The jasmine was DELICIOUS.
5	Yummy,yummy for the tummy! Great fresh Thai cuisine. The penang curry with beef is to die for along with drunken noodles and of course pad Thai with chicken. Also...try Yupah's fried rice..OMG so good. The owner is a sweet woman who works her tail off. She appreciates the locals and wants you to have a great dining experience.Clean, clean restaurant too. You have to try this place, worlds apart from normal AZ Thai. Enjoy!
4	We saw a show called Check Please that gave this restaurant a great review so we decided to try it.  It was very very good! I have a gluten allergy and when I asked the waitress if they had a gluten free menu ,even though she didn't quit know what I was needing she promptly spoke to the owner who came to our table personally and went over the menu with me. The food was excellent as well as the wine from Chile. Would definantly do this again.
5	Mama Yupha's Thai Kitchen definitely has the best fried rice I've ever had!  Their uniquely flavored Basil Fried Rice is the reason I've been back countless times & I live 25 miles away.  Talking with the waitress who is from Thailand, I learned that all their chef's are from Thailand, as well.  The restaurant is always fresh & clean, with their combination of spices tasting delicious; their service always quick & friendly.  Their combinations of flavors are amazing in all of their appetizers & dishes I've had & shared!
5	115 reviews! You have got to be kidding me? A small restaurant in a strip mall? Next to a cheap theater? Limited parking? Worth every minute you have to wait to be seated. Although the wonderful aromas while you are waiting might just be the last of your heart's desire.My tummy starts rumbling and I get hungry all over again just thinking about it. I doubt there is anything on this menu that isn't extraordinarily good. If you like authentic Thai food, this is the place. Go, but go early.
5	Best Thai food I have experienced in the 3.5 years I have lived in AZ. My 92 years young Mother is loving it as well. Nice atmosphere!
5	This was my first experiance with Thai food. i was not quite sure i would like it ,but always willing to try something new.     It is located in a strip mall,true but, that does not mean it is not good. Those are many times the best!   This place proves that to true.                                    It looks to be family run. Hot Tea and Ice Tea very good.   The food is fantastic. We started with a plate of all differant choices of food. Each one was excellant.             For the main meal i had Pad Thai noodles, with shrimp and Chicken,i was very impressed!  My date got Yellow Curry Chicken, she loved it and gave me some as well it was fabulous!    When we first arrived we could smell wonderful spice all around. We knew by the smell alone it was going to be great!      It was!!
4	I'm picky about Asian food so this place was a surprising find.  Here's is my overall take:  Food = 4 StarsService = 3.75 Ambience = 3 StarsValue = 3.75 Stars
4	This place is amazing! I don't usually venture to Tempe but a date suggested it so I was excited to try it! There aren't many Thai restaurants in the Phoenix area and the ones I used to frequent have been closed for awhile (thaifoon and jax).The decor is okay (as a designer I'm kind of critical) but as for being in a strip mall, the decor is great!! We went early on a Sunday night so there was no wait. The server we had was sweet and attentive and our food came out very quickly. I ordered the chicken coconut soup (which I love but haven't had since jax closed). The portion was rather small but perfect for a starter. I ate every drop and still had plenty of room for my entree (and usually I get stuffed pretty quickly). It was really flavorful with big chunks of chicken. Then for an entree I got the yupha's fried rice with chicken because of the rave reviews on here from other yelpers. I concur - the best fried rice ever!!! I will be craving it!! Love that it had the pineapple and cashews and nice big chunks of good quality chicken. A little heavy on the onions for me but I just picked them out. Again, AMAZING!Both the soup and fried rice I ordered as MILD and they were that - just a tiny bit spicy. I was scared to order MEDIUM but I like a little more kick so I'll try it next time. My date didn't want anything for dessert but I had to get something. I asked for the mango sticky rice (which I love) bit they said the mango aren't in season right now - which is fine - I'd rather not be served hard mango chunks and be charged $7 for them! Will have to come back when they're in season. So i ordered my second choice - homemade coconut ice cream over sticky rice. The ice cream was a little hard and icy (probably because they make it) but it was still super yummy with the rice and I ate almost all of it myself (my date doesn't like coconut).I got the jasmine tea to drink. However, it comes without a strainer so all of the tea leaves pour into your cup! I asked if it was supposed to be like that and she said yes. I just didn't like having to spit out or chew on any stray tea leaf I drank. I noticed if you pour it and let it sit a little bit most of them go to the bottom - but by then it's a little cold. And I do agree with other yelpers that the prices are a little high for the quantity of food, ambiance and location. Although this won't stop me from returning. So I didn't give four stars because of ambiance, tea and prices. But, I will be back and highly recommend it if you're craving Thai food!!
5	I took a friend here the other day who claims 'no one can make it too hot' for him; he ordered the red curry and they made it 'tripple hot' just for him. I watched closely as he took every bite.....is that? is it?? yup. Those are tears....and then, the sniffles began.....and then the stealing of his wifes mildly spiced food and more and more sips of cold water.....yes, I believe, I actually believe...he has been conquered and will PERHAPS gloat no more.........and for THAT (besides the yummy, delicious food and GREAT service), Yuphas deserves 5 stars :)
5	Came in here for a post half-marathon meal with a couple of friends. They told me that since it was a Sunday, we had to go to Yupha's since Yupha had great Sunday Specials [or great lunch specials in general].One of the perks of having gone the day that we did was that their soup and their salad for lunch were all you can you eat [or at least they didn't hint at any restrictions - I still only went for one round]. What was great about the salad is their peanut sauce/dressing - SOOOO DELICIOUS!!I got their chicken red curry, one friend got their chicken green curry, and another got their duck red curry. All of the dishes were of generous portions and extremely flavorful. The texture in the chicken was not tough and not overdone as it often can be in curries. There were ample ingredients in the curry to complement the rice. I was extremely satisfied with my selection, and from the looks of the empty plates from my friends, they were extremely happy with their selections as well.The service was really nice, although one of the servers were not as proficient in his English and misunderstood a few of the things that were said. The staff all made us feel very welcome, making this place an absolute consideration to dine at the next time I'm in the area [I'm from Cali..]If you want ample portions, good flavor, good pricing, and a friendly service, Yupha will NOT disappoint.
4	I Usually Get The "Thai Fried Rice" It's Very Good. This Time  I Got The "Pad Thai" Another Great Dish. I Will Go Back Here Soon. Been To A Few Different  Thai Restaurants And This Is One One The Best In The Area.
5	just got back from lunch here. it was simply D'light'full. I'm a big fan of the Thai, and this little hole in the wall spot did not disappoint. soup, salad, chicken pad Thai, egg roll all for $10. fresh, home made goodness. A+ all day.
3	I guess I am in the minority. I'm not a huge fan of this place in the two times I have been here.  The servers are okay, but they seem to just whisk in and out without really acknowledging you very much or smiling. I will say they are very fast.  Both times I was in and out quickly. The decor is pretty nice. The lunch specials seem to be a good deal. As usual I have only been here for lunch.They have soup and salad bar to go with your order which is nice.  The vegetable soup is pretty good, but I prefer it with the little chunks of tofu in addition to the veggies that most of the other thai places I frequent have.I think I am missing something on the food.  The two things I have tried here the Pad See Eww and the Drunken Noodles were both much different than I have had before.  The sauce on both is thick and sweet.  It's okay for about 1/2 the plate, but then gets to be too much by the end.  It's a lot "heavier" than I was expecting. These don't seem to be very light dishes.Guess this place is just not my cup of tea, or I should get something other than the wide noodle dishes.  When I'm over here again 'll try one of the curries.
3	I was in town for work and stopped by here. The food was decent, with quick service.
4	Came in on a Sunday evening, place was quiet and very clean. I love their decorations and design of the restaurant. Cozy place to sit and enjoy the food.My friend and I ordered the drunken noodles (since everyone bragged about it), tom yum hot pot, and a beef salad. I wasn't very impressed by the drunken noodles since its too sweet on top and when I dig into the bottom it was a little too salty. Nevertheless, I enjoyed it but probably won't order it again. The Tom yum soup was flavorful, maybe cause I like my food spicy and sour. The soup could use a bit more meat in it. As for the beef salad, it was fresh but the meat could use a bit more flavor. Ordered two side of rice to eat with our soup and I was surprised that they charge $1.50 for a scoop of rice each. Maybe .75-$1 would be a decent price for it but $1.50? I'm not stingy when it comes to food, but for that price they should at least gave me a full bowl, not a small ice cream scoop of it. Overall, the bill came out to about $32 for all the food and rice, not bad. Service was decent since it was not busy. The waitresses sat in the middle of the restaurant talking in their native language and only look up when you call for them. Overall, my waitress was attentive enough and friendly, and you won't have to ask for water refills because they bring out a pitcher along with the cups right when you are seated. I'd go there again whenever I'm in the neighborhood.
5	Delicious.  It's the best Thai food I've ever had in Arizona.  But, living in Tucson, I've only been to a few places there, and this is much much better.  Give it a shot!
5	I had to give this place five stars b/c I thought the food was excellent and I had one of my best fried rices ever.  I like spice in my food so I ordered all of my dishes as medium and it was exactly the amount of spice I wanted.  We started with the Yum ped - a crispy duck salad, and it was tasty.  I had the beef fried rice and it was superb and I couldn't stop eating it.  My husband got the Thai jerky - hot - and while he liked it, he thought the beef was a a little too crispy and took away from the flavor a little bit.  He did think that my fried rice was quite tasty, however.We topped off the meal with fried banana with coconut ice cream - it was a dream dessert!  Excellent Thai food and their spice levels are dead on!
3	Very nicely appointed place, nicely done. The Thai tea was just okay, and although the Phad Thai was tasty, it was real greasy. I may try it again, may not,
4	Drunken noodles and a salad/soup bar? Best lunch ever. I dream of this place on lazy Wednesdays at the office. The flavors are consistent, food is fresh and they dont seem to slack on their quality if there is a rush.
5	I saw this resaurant when I went to the discout movie theater.  Since I like Thai food I had to try it.  Very glad I did.  Really good food - full of flavor.  The special seafood dish was full of fresh seafood and had a sauce with lots of citrus notes.  The people running this are very friendly.  I got medium heat with some trepidation since I can not eat extemely hot food.  It was just right, spicy but not burning hot.  If you like your food really hot I would get hotter.
4	So this place is pretty darn heavy on my rotation.I've come here in big groups, small groups, bymyself - and this place never disappoints. Itdoes get crowded so I try to usually come hereafter 1pm when the crowd dies down a bit. Thisis yet another place where I constantly run intogroups of people from my workplace. Heck we mightas well just hold all our meetings here. Maybe theattendance would improve.  Parking is never a problem as it's part of a bigmall. Service is always pretty good even if the place is packed. Probably because this place has somany regulars. I know folks that come here more thanonce a week. I usually go for the lunch special - posted right at the entrance. The lunch menu is notthat big so the specials are often the thing to try.If not for the specials I go for the red curry. Nice and spicy. Oh yeah. You start out with a saladbuffet with peanut sauce dressing. You can also getsoup with that. Very reasonably priced for all you get.
5	This is our favorite Thai place between Central Phoenix and Chandler.   The serving staff isn't dripping with warmth, but they're attentive and pretty quick.   We've been there half a dozen times and haven't made it too deep into the menu yet, but so far our favorites are the Pad gra prow and the Massaman curry.  And the Golden Curry Puffs are delightfully different and delicious appetizers.  We took some Thai food lovers here from out of town, and they agreed, it was as good or better as any Thai they'd had in a variety of cities.
4	The restaurant ambiance and food was very good. We are vegetarians and often struggle to find good food outside and this was a perfect place for us. We ordered Buddha's delight and other tofu curry with rice. It was delicious. The prices are reasonable.
3	Went here last night after catching a noir at the Pollock Theater next door. I ordered the yellow curry w/rice and the Thai iced tea. The food was great, staff was ok....but they are extremely stingy with portion sizes on the rice and the tea. I was shocked when my tea came, I was expecting a big huge glass of yummy Thai tea like most places give you and what I got was a tiny ice cream sundae style glass with a LOT of ice. I'd say my actual tea was about 10 oz, for $2.75 and no refills! The curry was a good portion however they gave me a tiny little bowl of rice and I had to ask for a second serving, which costs an extra $1.50...lame. Anyways, good tasting tea & curry...bad on the portion sizes for tea & rice!
3	Wow, quite a jump in the prices since we were here last.  And the funny thing is I had said to my dining companion that the portions seem to have gotten smaller the last two times we dined there.You are served an individual portion or rice, about the size of an ice cream scoop, and if you need more it's gonna cost you.Originally I would come here and be unable to finish my meal but the last few times it wasn't a problem.The food is delicious but it seems as if the prices sky rocketed with the new menu.I mean even the lunch specials aren't even a bargain.Disappointed my neighborhood fav decided to go this direction.  :-(
4	Stopped in here to get some grub to go. They have a large menu. We got some spring rolls, Pad Thai, Thai BBQ chicken and chicken satay. I love me some Pad Thai but it could have been a little hotter for me and i got it at medium. It's hard to judge since each Thai place is different with spice but Hot would be a safe choice here if you like a little kick. Food was ready pretty quick and order was hot, correct and delicious. Nice decor and pretty big restaurant altogether.
5	Great Food! Great Service! Great Ambiance! All in that order. Me and my Thai Companion decided to do lunch on a Sunday afternoon. Well "fortunately" the place we decided to try out was closed, so with the help of "Yelp" we found Yupha's. As we are "Thai Junkies" we carried on with our Thai Tour 2012..next stop Yupha's..We walked in and we were greeted with a warm smile as soon as we walked through the door. We were seated, we sat down, we changed our minds. So i asked if we could sit at a different table, the waitress said,that section was closed. Hhmmm bizarre, oh well, so we settled, no big deal. We came here for the food. I have to say that this place was very clean with a relaxing, ambient setting.  We placed our order. We ordered the Siam Wrap for an appetizer, then we placed our order. I ordered the Drunken Noodle, my companion, she ordered the Red Curry. As soon as we placed our order, we were offered the salad bar for their lunch time special. Let me tell you! The Peanut sauce/dressing was GREAT!!! We went back for more. The veggies were fresh, as well as the salad. I mean I can drink the peanut sauce, it was that good. By the time we were half way into our salad, our Siam wrap came. Excellent! The minced chicken was great! very well seasoned, I even used the peanut sauce with the wrap as well. Now came the Goodness, That was quick, was my reply. The drunken noodle was fantastic, an even amount of ingredients, the chicken was perfect, it seemed like some of the chicken was shredded, not a bad idea! The Red Curry was to die for, not literally. It had a different flavor, that I'm not used to. It had a lemon grassy flavor, the curry was thick, not too fishy, and a plenty even amount of ingredients. Our table was completely covered with food. Now that's how you eat Thai.. I'm putting Yupha's on my top three for Red Curry. I cant wait to try their other dishes.. Yupha's gets 5 stars! Ill be back!
4	If you're looking for a good way to clear your sinuses, I suggest heading to Yupha's Thai Kitchen in Tempe. The heat in the delicious food should have you breathing clearly in no time.The spot is intimate and cozy and a great date place, despite its strip mall location. It has pretty artwork on the walls, and it's quiet enough to where it's easy to have a great conversation. The food there is some of the best Thai food I've had, and my companion said he's still dreaming about the meal he had there.He started off with the Little Mermaid ($5), which is shrimp and bacon wrapped in a spring roll. The faces he was making while eating this said it all: they were great.For my meal, I went with my favorite Thai dish, the Red Curry ($10.95). I got a medium heat, which was wayyyy too hot for my sensitive palate. I would recommend going with the least amount of heat possible, especially if you're new to Thai food, because the heat always tends to be way hotter than you anticipate.I got my meal with brown rice, and combining the two was just heavenly. It's one of my favorite meals ever, and because it's mostly vegetables, it's relatively healthy. The service at Yupha's was also really friendly and attentive. If you're in the area, it's definitely worth stopping there for a bite.
4	Good food, good service, unlimited soup and salad.  Extra charge for brown rice, and portions are an average size.
4	Yummy Thai food! A little expensive for what you get, but I'd still go back for more :)
3	The food is good and flavorful but the prices are out of line. A cup of soup here is $4.99 when it should be about $2.00. It consisted of broth, maybe 1 sliced up mushroom and 3 shrimp. Nothing to it at all. A bowl of soup is $10??  Prices need to be competitive. There are some great thai places around the area that give Yuphas a good competition... especially when prices are more reasonable as well.
5	Woot!  I have found Chicago level good Thai food in AZ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I am giving Yupha's Thai Kitchen the crown for AZ's BEST Thai food-hands down!  I was elated to see they had beef and pork Thai style jerky on their menu.  Folks, this is the real deal...it might sound weird but it is amazingly good....just as good as the street food I used to get at the Thai Buddhist Temple's Sunday Markets.  It brought tears of joy to my eyes.  I will drive the two hours to Tempe any day for this dish!The inside of this place is unlike any other Thai restaurant is no small, dingy, typical hole in the wall kind of place.  It is hip, modern and elegant (in a relaxed, non intrusive way).  The plates are white and square...the placemats are bamboo like...they even plate the food!  The beef jerky was cooked perfectly!  The sauce was dazzling- it is like a Thai waterfall sauce with lovely notes of lime and chili.  The sticky rice was presented in a banana leaf....the papaya salad was great and you could tell, they made it with a mortar and pastel-the proper way.  I also tried the Thai Toast, which was a special of the day...it was not much to write home about.  Minced chicken inside of panko crusted fried bread.  The sweet chili peanut dipping sauce was quite good.One diner stole the show, when his dish arrived wrapped in tin foil that was shaped like a swan...I am guessing it must have been the duck (they have duck served 4 different ways here)...yes, it is cheesy....but kinda cool at the same time.  I saw at least 4 tables ask their servers, what he was having.I wish more places offered Thai style jerky!  Now if I could just get some mee krob on the menu, I would be in total nirvana.   No room left for desert, but they had some nice offerings for sure...I rarely can turn down a Thai style fried banana with the tasty sesame seeds in the batter.....yuuuuummm.
5	Excellent food and friendly people everytime
4	One of the best Thai food restaurants in town. The only thing keeping me from a 5 star review is the service during lunch can be a bit slow.Don't get me wrong, they are super friendly, but clearly get overwhelmed by the lunch rush of people from local businesses. Putting that aside, the food is top notch, they make the best Pad Thai I've found in AZ, and if you're brave and get it Thai hot, the burn is so good, but doesn't mask the flavor!The salad bar with the awesome peanut dressing is a big plus, and they make a tasty Thai iced tea as well. Great lunch spot if you work or live nearby!
4	The service here was the best part of my experience. Our waitress was on it, and gave the perfect amount of attention without being annoying. I ordered the Green Curry with crispy tofu.. Thai hot. Sometimes Thai restaurants will skimp on the heat when I order this way, but Yuhpa's did not. I highly recommend this plate.. Very good! My fiance went with the Pad thai, and her dish was great as well. Coconut ice cream to cool off with after dinner was yummy. This will be my go to spot for Dinner and a Movie in the Pollack Center.. even though the theater bums me out sometimes. Yupha's Thai Kitchen ranks among my favorite Thai restaurants in the valley, and I am excited to explore their menu.
5	Everything I've had here is awesome! I especially love the pad Thai and the drunken noodles. The mango desert is yum too!
3	We ate here about two weeks ago with another couple. My husband and I both enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was excellent. I ordered one of their curry dishes as "mild" and it came extremely hot. I usually do well with spicy food, but this dish was way past "eye-watering".
2	Nothing special about this place - just another Thai food joint in a strip mall. THe chicken pad thai at 10 bucks was oily and wet and wasn't that appetizing at all. It was a big portion, but that was the only plus side. Then at $2.50, I tried the sticky rice, but that was a mistake as well. The rice was undercooked and yes it did stick together, but did not even come close to a true sticky rice experience. It was more like crunchy, undercooked sticky rice wrapped in a banana leaf. Onto the next Thai joint.
4	Great quality. Their Pad Thai with chicken is the best I've ever had. Fresh, flavorful, and perfectly cooked. Their Yupha's Fried Rice is delicious with the pineapple compliments. Their Red Curry gets a 2 star rating for just being Red Curry (it's not as creamy, fresh, or flavorful as Thai Basil on University). It's a neighborhood gem and I'm lucky enough to live right around the corner from Yupha's Thai Kitchen!Also, it's clean, bright, and has an inviting ambiance. It's perfect for a sit in casual dining experience, and even nice for takeout. Staff is friendly and attentive. Come here. Seriously.
5	Yupha's was featured on CHECK PLEASE, ARIZONA (great show on PBS) and we love this restaurant! This is our "spicy Thai" restaurant, and it never disappoints! Recommended: the papaya salad and the Pahd See Ew... both are better, and different, than I've had anywhere else. You can't go wrong with whatever delicious specials their chefs have created each day, and their teas and desserts are always wonderful too. AND, even better, they are just doors down from the Tempe Cinema's (the Tempe $3 movie theater), so you can have a gourmet dinner followed by a movie just steps away. ENJOY!
3	Came here last weekend for my friend's bday dinner.  Beautiful space (1 star just for that).  The bday girl thought Shrimp Pad Thai was just ok, my pineapple fried rice was ok, but my other friend thought the Thai BBQ chicken dish was dry.  No one liked their sticky rice, it was hard & sticky,lol.  Overall, an ok experience.  In my opinion, nothing beats my Thai Spices :)
3	This place is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch, the food is always really good but the portions are super small. I like their soup and salad bar during lunch, especially their hot peanut dressing. All the entrees we've ever ordered have been consistently delicious. I would've gave them a full 5 stars but their service is HORRIBLE!! It's not just once or twice but every time we've encountered either rude customer service or they're really "short" with us as if they're annoyed that we're there. Luckily for them the food is worth the horrible customer service. If you're going out for a pleasant dining experience this place isn't for you, if you just want good food and that's it, that's all you'll get from this place.
3	I've been working my way through Yupha's menu for a couple months now, EVERYTHING that I've tried has been awesome no exceptions.  So why just 3 stars? You could call the service efficient or minimal but I've never seen my waitress more than once during a meal.  Order everything you want right up front, you won't get another chance before the hostess drops off the check.
3	Yupha's gets a lot of buzz, so I decided to check it out.  In a word, this place is "meh."  The food wasn't bad - it was just mediocre.  At any rate, Yupha's definitely doesn't live up to all the hype.  I was actually more impressed with the food at Thai Rama on University (just east of Rural).
4	This is our 2nd time here and I still like it. Thai Food is something fairly new to me. But, my girlfriend loves it so I want to check it out as well.Still smells very good when yo walk in, the spices are nice.Thai Ice Tea I love!    We got a nice salad this time as a starter.It was quite good.We enjoyed the green curry this time. For myself I got beef,my girlfriend got Chicken. The staff seemed a little somewhere else this time. Our food was good but, not nice and hot. Still we enjoyed it and will be back. Lots of parking in the lot.Bathrooms are clean and stocked.
5	One bite and I felt like I was in Thailand, all that was missing was the sand to sink my toes in.  I had a seasonal special which had pumpkin.  It was fabulous.  My husband had the green curry and he had it hot just the way he liked it.  He usually eats things extremely spicy but the hot but perfect, he did not order the Thai hot which could have been too hot even for him.  The wine list was pretty good for a Thai place.  I will most definitely be going back for more.
3	Decent. Great Pad Thai but the rest fell just short of great Thai food. My husband and I ordered the hot pot of Tom Yum soup which was tasty but a bit on the sweet side compared to the authentic version we had in Thailand. The same for their 'Labb' which I assumed was supposed to actually be spelled Larb. Same flavor profiles but again just short of great. Staff was friendly and quick and restaurant was bright and clean but unfortunately, we probably won't come back. There are too many other Thai restaurants to try and find the 5 star.
5	Yupha Thai is definitely a "yuppy" in terms of being a great spot to go to.  There are not too many places to eat near ASU Research Park, which is right off the 101 and Elliot.  Yupha is about a couple miles west on Elliot off the 101 freeway.  I entered in and saw the special of the day, which was a pumpkin dish with whatever meat or tofu.  Most Thai dishes are known to be pretty spicy, and I was curious to try something more on the sweeter end.  It was still right after Thanksgiving, and it was an appropriate time to try a festive dish.While I was waiting, they offered us a soup and salad bar to get something to appease us for a few minutes.  This is the first time I have ever seen this, which is the main reason this rating goes from a 4 to a 5 star.  The pumpkin dish was really good!  The thai spices to go along with the sweetness was the ultimate complement.  All of my friends loved their meals too.
4	Good food, good prices, good service.   What else to say, especially good for lunch.When they say "hot" they mean it, so be aware when specifying stars of hotness.
5	One of the best Thai places I've been to. Love that they use Thai peppers to spice up your food instead of the dry spices.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant for lunch.  I of course get the Pad Thai which is always great.  But they also have a soup and salad bar.  I can not tell you how much I love the hot peanut salad dressing.  I have also had a few of the appetizers and desserts and every single one of them have been fantastic.
5	I'll make this brief since this place already has over 100 reviews.Service: ExcellentPrices: On point (especially during lunch time)Dining area: CharmingFood: Some of the best Thai food I have ever eaten.Portions: Good size; I've never left hungryCons: Lunch service is ALWAYS super packed so be prepared to wait to be seated (nearly every seat will have a but in it!).
4	The food is great but a bit salty. Btw, i have had the drunken noodle.
4	Nice lunch menu which includes salad and soup, I think we spend about $17 total.  I don't really like getting the soup and salad at a Thai restaurant but it was self serve and the vegetables were super fresh and the dressing optional.  We had the drunken noodles and the pad thai, both well prepared, hot and very delicious.  The restaurant was clean, modern and had a really nice atmosphere especially considering it was lunch.  Will definetely be back.
5	Yummy goodness!!!! We were seated promptly on a busy Friday night and the server greeted us warmly. I had the Papaya Salad hot and it was so delicious--I like to get HOT not Thai Hot, but 'hot' so that I can feel all the flavors tingle my lips.  We also ordered the drunken noodles and they were OK with substituting out bell pepper for broccoli.  And my friend ordered a soup with a soothing coconut base, just delicious!  I am a fan!!I do not live in Phoenix, but I will be sure to frequent this restaurant when I am back in the Valley of the Sun for super yummy Thai food!!  Thank you!! :)
4	My husband and I are from the Chandler area and have gone to Yupha's Thai Kitchen several times now for lunch now. We love it and we think it's one of the best without going to Scottsdale. The food is authentic, the atmosphere is good and service is excellent. One of the very few Thai restaurants that have an authentic chili tray. We've tried about every dish on the lunch menu and have not had one bad dish. Now we just have to make time to go for dinner.
4	First impressions were right!Whnn I walked into Yupha's for lunch today, I was surprised by the bright, warm atmosphere in this strip mall restaurant. The place was nearly full, and yet the staff had the time and awareness to greet me right away. The service was quick and we weren't bothered unnecessarily during our lunch cconversation.I ordered the Pad Garlic Sauce and asked for it medium. It arrived quickly and looked beautiful. It was enough to fill me up for lunch, so I didn't partake of the salad bar and soup, but they did look delicous. My friend had the salad and raved about the peanut dressing.It was a great expeerience, and I'll return to try more items on the menu. I feel like I've found a locals only treasure a few miles from home.
5	One of the best Thai restaurants in metro Phoenix area.  Our staple menu: pad Thai, panama curry and Tom yum ..... Yum!
5	food, service, ambience .. superb!!
5	I've been to quite a few Thai places in the valley, and this one wins as #1! The place is clean, the people are nice, and the food is delicious! I also love that when I ask for spicy, it really is spicy and they aren't just humoring me.
4	When my office moved from its other location, I thought that was the end of my Thai food for lunch, since the place I used to go to is now on the other side of town, but a friend told me about Yupha's right up the street from, so I thought it was time to go investigate! Grabbed a couple of coworker/friends and off we went!We arrived little after 12; we were a party of 3 and were seated right away. After I sat down, I looked around and thought this is a really cute place, I like how its set up and how the lights hang and the art on the walls, and how tables are divided by bamboo, I liked the place just by site now.Now I was looking at the lunch menu, soo many choices to pick from, I had been craving Pad Thai forever, so for this trip that's what I ordered, the Pad Thai lunch special, and some Thai Tea. With the lunch special it came with soup and salad, and the soup and salad are all you can eat, wow that's cool, because the lunch special price was like $7.99, that's a bangin good deal!The salad was good, but what made it great was the spicy peanut sauce they have for the dressing, OHHHH MMMYYY GAWD!! That stuff is amazing, I think next time I'll have less salad and more sauce , I know, that's bad, but it's that good, and the soup, that's great tasting soup, it's a vegetable soup, but extremely clear broth, so tasty! Glad I gave it a try, because I'm not really a soup person.Ok when I ordered my lunch, the waitress asked what spicy level would I want it, I was thinking of playing it safe since this was my 1st time there and I was unsure, and she told they have different levels, no spice, mild, medium, hot, Thai Hot, Double Hot and Triple Hot, and I thought to myself, if they have a double hot & Triple hot, then Im going to start at Thai Hot and that's what I did baby!  It was packing heat, but I think next time I will give the Double or Triple hot a try! The dish was perfect!! The entire lunch was very delish!I look forward to making this a regular lunch time spot for me and to trying their entire lunch menu to find me a favorite! I think next I'll try there Red Curry!
5	My favorite thai restaurant in the Phoenix area.  Great panang curry, drunken noodles, and a tasty orange chicken lunch special that they will sometimes make even when it isn't a special.  If they ever start delivering food, I'd probably order three times a week.
4	-Updating from 2 to 4 stars because my review was a bit emotional. I'm still pretty upset, but their food is so good I can't stay away!!!-Would have had 5 stars until tonight.I love Yupha's, their food has always been good enough to warrant a 30+ minute drive to get there. However tonight they were severely understaffed for Valentines Day, which lead to a terrible experience.After waiting over 20 minutes to put in our order our server asked if I wanted my curry spicy, and I said yes as it was how I have ordered it in the past. She did not specify how spicy, and when I received it was to the point where I couldn't even taste my delicious food because my mouth was on fire. She had put in for Thai hot. Queue another 20 minute wait with empty drinks and my boyfriends food getting cold as we waited for our waitress to come by our table again.  They did replace my order no questions asked, but the service is honestly the worst I have received. I used to waitress, and am very patient in most circumstances but after nearly two hours, most of which was spent waiting to even see our MIA server I was not impressed. If I had received a smile, or even 30 seconds more of her time the entire situation could have been avoided or at least I wouldn't have left with such a bad taste in my mouth. I will be returning for take-out in the future as the food is delicious, but I will never eat here in person again as the service was a real downer on a great day!
5	I thought this place deserved an update. They have always served great food but before their service used to be really bad. Now this place has really changed, their service has been consistently good for the last 4 times we've eaten there while the food is as delicious as always. I'm very pleased with that and wanted to express my happiness. :)
5	It was love at first sight and at first bite for me here at Yupha's.  I'd heard all great things for months, yet hadn't  had an opportunity to try it.  Oh, the anticipation!  The entire experience was well with my wait as the chic decor, outstanding customer service, and fabulous food exceeded my every expectation.  Warm, welcoming and patient staff assisted us as we asked 1000 questions about the 800-item menu and then ordered (coconut curry with chicken and drunken noodles).  The food was fresh, hot, and just as spicy as we wanted it (we ordered Thai hot and almost licked our plates clean!).  I've been home for three hours now and I'm still reliving this amazing culinary experience and I'm already planning my next visit.  So happy to meet my new friend, Yupha, and can't wait to see her again!  Ahhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
4	It's been awhile since my last update and I will have to move Yupha's up on the list of thai places in the valley.  Every time I have gone since my last review I have liked the food even more and more.  I mainly eat the noodle dishes and they are vastly different than all the other thai restaurants.  At first I wasn't sure it was a good thing, but they have really grown on me.  They all tend to be saucier than other versions, but I have really grown to like it.  I'm not sure which way they are supposed to be as I have never been to Thailand so I will say they are good and different.  The staff is here has actually been consistently nice and helpfully.  Today I went for lunch and they were packed ( I actually had left another thai restaurant that had forgotten they had sat me ) but I was seated promptly and my food came out incredibly fast.  I will definitely keep coming here for lunch.Try:- Iced Thai Coffee- Pad Thai- Pad See Ew- Drunkin Noodles
1	Worst service ever !! Please don't go here ! This place doesn't maintain hygiene standards , we found a stapler pin inside Tofu !!! My friend realized it when the pin was in her mouth .. After this owner today even apologized and blamed it on the tofu itself .. One more weird thing in this restaurant is that you can't food here you would have to pay extra 2$ if you do so !!!! Servers are super rude ..
1	We had great experiences here several times, but our last experience was one that we won't be coming back.  We arrived around 9:30, when they close at 10.  Which most places means they seat until 10.  They seemed annoyed that we were there that late, reminding us of when they close right away.  The dish that I usually got and thought was the best I had ever had at a Thai restaurant, was suddenly the worst.  There was hardly any meat and instead of putting brocoli in it, it was littered with little stubs from the stalks.  It was basically a plate of few noodles and tons of little brocoli stems.  When they saw I didn't like it and I told them why, they just brushed it off and didn't do anything to resolve the issue.  Too bad, I really liked the place and had been there at least 10 times, and now never again.  Mostly because of how they didn't resolve my compliant.  There are other Thai restaurants, so long!
3	mild pad thai not so mild, more like working out and sweat hot. other than that, the food was decent.
4	Had a very nice dinner here on a recent Friday evening. Even the mild is pretty spicy so be careful but the food was delicious, and service good too. Prices are slightly higher than average but it's a nice place!
5	Wowzers! The hubby and I have been searching for a place like this for a long time. Awesome food, great service, good sized plates, relaxing ambiance... Couldn't ask for more. A little more pricier than the other place we went to but well worth it. Definitely found our new Thai place!
4	Okay, it was a couple of weeks ago. Went there with a couple of friends. Yummy food, great curry, great portion of soup, but the sticky rice dessert, yummy, yummy, yummy. Saw the lines to wait when we were leaving, so prepare. I think they have a buffet for lunch, would love to try this sometime.
4	Don't get me wrong -- love Yupha, love the food, the service (most of the time) and the decor. Last night was a real turn-off.  We arrived at 820 for dinner. Still had about 4 tables of people and they willingly sat us. from that point forward it was rush, rush rush. we gave drink orders immediately, but when asked two minutes later for our food order and we asked for one more minute we were told the kitchen was closing in 10 minutes. so we quickly ordered all our food (including dessert). first appetizer came out at lightening speed and was delicious. Our two main dishes came 5 minutes later. dessert a few after that. then, about 10 minutes into eating our food, they started moving furniture around, turned on the bright overhead lights and started cleaning for the night. the cashier came over and gave us our bill, telling us she needed to close out the computer now. one server swept up our wine glasses though my dining companion still had wine in it (she stopped her). when we asked about the rush, we were told that the servers had to catch the bus (admittedly, service runs sparsely in our area at night). But, if you want to have your restaurant closed by 9, put out your closed sign by 815 at the latest...don't take us in and then rush our through our meal. we ended up taking half of it home.
2	Got under cook shrimps twice... :(
5	I am a sucker for good Thai food, and let me tell you this is GREAT Thai food. The service was great, the pad see ew amazing, and the Thai tea was perfection. If you want an authentic Thai meal in the valley, this is the place to be. p.s. I want those wood Buddha wall hangings :)
4	My home town (Anchorage, AK) has the best Thai restaurant I've ever eaten at and I compare all others to it. Yupha's is the first to be equal in flavor, service and all around experience. Hubby and I recently moved here, this is the second Thai place we've tried and we hit the jackpot. The Thai iced tea was superb, not overly sweet as most are, very well balanced. Siam wraps are delicious. Similar in style to PF Changs lettuce wraps, they're far superior in taste. We ordered chicken pad thai (if a Thai restaurant gets this wrong there is no point in trying anything else!), drunken noodles and Yupha's fried rice (the one with pineapple). The pad thai was excellent, just enough sauce to not glom together in an impossible to eat glob. Medium spicy was perfect for us, still able to taste the flavors and enjoy a bit of heat. Drunken noodles (also medium spice) were delicious! The basil taste was incredible, great flavor all around. Yupha's fried rice (mild) was good, nothing extraordinary, but tasty and satisfying. We topped it off with the sticky rice mango dessert which was refreshing and light. Service was prompt and friendly.
5	You have got to be kidding me!!! Yupha's is now up to 185 reviews. There is no way that anyone would look at all 185 reviews before selecting this as the place to go for a fantastic Thai lunch or dinner.I took a visiting family member here for lunch the other day. I knew he would not be disappointed. I now give myself a little pat on the back . . . .I was . . . oh so right! He ate everything on his plate. Every last rice kernel. Every single drop of yummy goodness. (Oh, and by the way, SO DID I!) Yupha's did not fail to delight my taste buds once again. Service is fast at lunch, but cordial and efficient. No mistakes. Love this place. Absolutely love it!
5	So we came here again and tried new dishes. Started with the sampler and our favorite was the golden curry puff, but everything on it was great. We ordered Panang Curry and the Basil Fried Rice. They were both exceptional!
5	roast duck is so good~
5	OK, I have been all over Asia, and love all the different foods from Korea (Yes Kimchee is the bomb), to PHO, Mongolian and any form of Chinese even Sushi is a major part of my diet.  However I have never eaten at a "Real" Thai restaurant till today.  I had the Salad with spicy Peanut Dressing (Awesome) it all you can eat, and the Drunken you talk about Tasty.  I do like spice and this place has plenty; but it's the good flavorful spice that makes Thai food great.I plan to try more Thai places in the near future, but they have to live up to the high Standards I had today at Yupha's Thai Kitchen
1	Bad service leaves a bad after taste, and I won't be coming back for more. First time I ate here I loved it. The Pad Thai was yummy, the ambiance was nice, and it was perfectly placed next to Tempe Cinemas making a great go to for a date night...or so I thought. Second visit was about 30 minutes prior to closing. In most restaurants that's not a huge deal, but here it means they will ask you for your order before even getting to look at the menu, remind you every ten minutes that they're closing soon, and pretty much stare you down until you're uncomfortable enough that you can no longer enjoy your meal, ensuring that you don't leave a single minute past closing. Fine, they don't like to work late. Noted. Fast forward a few months for a stop in at lunch. Doors locked. Seems we're 15 min. early this time. No big deal, we'll wait. As we wait we see the same woman who was so rude before. The same woman who is always there. She clearly sees us but doesn't open the door...not until exactly 11:01 that is. You would think she would open the door we were standing at, but nope. First she opened the door on the opposite end, then stopped to answer the phone, then merely unlocked the door we're standing in front of and walked away as if nobody was standing there. Not a smile, not a hello, not a thanks for waiting. Nothing. I thought maybe she recognized us from before and this was an isolated incident but I've now read other reviews stating the same. Perhaps all the positive feedback has gone to her head to the point that good service has become irrelevant? Maybe it's just as simple as her not wanting to work a minute extra? I dunno. What I do know is that part of what makes a dining experience worthwhile (at least for me) is the service. Food with attitude doesn't taste nearly as good, and I'll gladly go to one of the other ten Thai restaurants in the area the next time I get a craving.
4	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Tempe. It's taste is better than Thai basil on the select dishes that I have enjoyed. However, the value of traveling there may too high if I'm closer to a Thai basil in Tempe, as they have comparable food. Good service overall. I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area!
5	Excellent Thai food, likely the best in the east valley.  Yupha's Fried Rice is their standout dish for me, but all parts of the menu have been enjoyable.  Some folks have rated Yupha's low due to the owner's attitude.  Running a restaurant has to be one of the most difficult things to do--I say cut her some slack.  Anyway, I go for the food, not the service.
3	Came here for lunch the other day and have to say I was a bit dissapointed to what I expected to find.It was just 1:00 and they were not all that busy at all. Service was very slow, but, there did not seem to be a reason for that. I ordered and a salad bar or soup comes with the lunch. I chose the soup that you get yourself, it was not that good.But, before I did that ,I had gone in to the bathroom to wash my hands. It was not very clean.Soup was plain, and the lunch was good. But, the staff all sat down to have their lunch  as well. Which meant they were not attentive to the customers. There was about 5 tables in there. But, why not wait until your luch service is over. THey close for lunch at 2:30.I just found that to be in poor taste to sit down to eat,in the middle of your lunch service while you are still waiting on people.Not too impressed with this place any more.
5	Great food, great service. If you like Thai food you will love this place.
4	The green curry was great! Spicy but well rounded spicy. & I HIGHLY recommend the Thai coffee!
2	I brought my date to this restaurant because of her previous experience with their green curry. We ordered the green curry and the chicken basil with a sticky on the side. Although the green curry and chicken basil was delicious, the sticky was rock solid. As far I can remember, sticky rice were not suppose to be like rocks. Furthermore, we ordered the mango sticky rice dessert. That too was a big disappointment. It was sad when my date stated that she can make better product that Yupha. Lastly, the service was sub-par when it gets busy. We tried numerous times flagging a helper for addition rice. I think the service is good when it isn't busy. Although this restaurant is close to my house, I don't think I will visit this place much...unless I crave some green curry....
3	Wasn't my favorite, but pretty good and beautiful decorations and excellent customer service. Been here twice and tried to order as many things as possible to try. Dishes we tried:House Salad - interesting and different but in a verry good way Pad Thai w Beef (Thai Hot) -  just okayPad Prew Wan w Chicken (sweet & sour) - really good -I like that they don't bread the chicken (like the American restaurants blech)Pad Nam Mun Hoy w Beef ( beef and broccoli) - My favorite, oh that oyster sauce was sooo good!Red Curry (Hot) - just okayPla Lad Prik - 2nd favorite, yummy piece of tilapia breaded and fried w hot Thai sauce on top, delic!Drunken Noodles - ehCoconut Ice Cream - yummy and homemadeFlaming Ice Cream - Terrible! rock hard -couldn't even put our spoon into it w/o it flying off the plate and the honey doesn't pair well w it ($7 wasted)*All that food on a tiny table was kind of weird, but probably our fault for not mentioning we were ordering a lot for a family of four lol *Kind of pricey*not sure if they add MSG, but I felt weird both times I ate here (headache, lethargy, thirst, bloated)
5	This time I ordered to go.  Pretty fast and tom yam with tofu and mushrooms was wonderful!
4	Phoenix suffers from a lack of great thai restaurants. Yupha's is good, not great.My favorites, though I only ate here twice, are the crab puffs and yellow curry chicken. I pass on their thai iced teas, too sweet for my taste. In all honesty, I'd probably like Yupha's better except for the fact my husband considers it quite average. He's spoiled after years of great thai restaurants in California.
5	Authentic Thai food!!!! Had the best dinner tonight. We ordered the chicken satay which was fantastic. The side of cucumber salad was so light and refreshing! Also enjoyed the siam lettuce wrap which comes with two different sauces. Hands down the best wraps ever! Entrees we thoroughly enjoyed included the pad thai, seafood yellow curry, himalai, and thai jerkey with a side of papaya salad. We would highly recommend any of the entrees we had! Can't wait for our next meal at Yupha's!
3	I have been here many times. The food was good but the service sucks. You have to wait a long time or your food. And it's like that every time I go.
4	Really good food.Lovely atmosphere.Attentive and gracious service.My only complaint, is that at quarter to 9pm, (closing time during the week) the staff begins to make you feel very uncomfortable. They were taking things off our table at 8:45 pm. Packing up our food. Asking if I want a plastic bag.They took our wine glasses and our bottle of wine before we were through. The manager was ready by the front with her keys in hand, to lock the door as soon as we were all gone. We were not the only two people in the restaurant. There were 2 other parties at tables, getting the same bum rush that we were getting. It nearly ruined the experience for us. Meanwhile, the staff was all eating dinner together in the rear of the dining room.  At exactly 9 p.m. the lights were turned all the way up. I have been a server and it is annoying when people stay far past closing time. However, this is too extreme. I will still come here for dinner, but I will go early so my meal is not ruined by staff trying to rush us out.
3	I went there for the first time with a friend, enjoyed a yummy dinner and a bottle of wine....But they were very pushy when closing time came. She literally took my glass off the table with wine still in it. She came back every two minutes asking if we needed stuff and was very pushy. It pissed me off. They took the bottle of wine off the table and the lights came up like we were at some damn middle school dance and it was over. I was annoyed. For customer service they get 2 stars. For food, 5.
5	My favorite place in the valley for authentic Thai food. I can order "Thai hot" and actually feel the heat in the dish rather than other places that consider a mild-medium to be "Thai hot". I've had most of their dishes there and EVERYTHING was amazing. Lunch deals are awesome with the soup and salad bar (although sometimes crowded).Give this place a try if you want some REAL Thai food!
4	Good Thai place. I've had better but this is definitely worth going if you're in the area.
3	Is it me? I just can't seem to find "the best" Thai restaurant here in AZ. I have visited Yupha's twice and have had good experiences on both occasions. My husband loves the drunken noodles and I thoroughly enjoyed the Pad Thai. We've also tried the sampler appetizer (yummy) and the Tom Yum Goong soup...way too salty! The kids haven't developed a palate for Thai food, so we ordered the American style kids meals they offer, chicken nuggets and fries, disgusting! The kids meals tasted worse than generic brand processed frozen food you would get at the grocery store. Luckily, the desserts made up for their disappointment...the sticky rice and fried banana desserts were excellent (just wish it was bigger!). I am used to amazing Thai restaurants in Northern California, so I am probably biased with my rating. I will visit again, but considering they are a little pricey, probably not more than a few times a year.
4	Have had thai in a lot of different cities and Yupha's is one of the best. Tried the bbq chicken and the pad si ew. Both were great.Terrific service too.
5	This is, by far, the best Thai restaurant we've been to in Arizona so far!  We went on a Sunday around 1pm and they were not busy at all.  Maybe 4 or 5 tables of people.  They offer their lunch specials...even on weekends, which was great.  All you can eat soup and salad bar comes with the lunch specials too!  I ordered the pad see ew with tofu, medium spicy, and the bf got the fried rice with tofu, hot.  Then we headed to the soup and salad bar.  The salad was not your typical iceberg lettuce, but a great mix of kale and cabbage, and maybe some lettuce too.  There were cucumbers, carrots, tomatoes, red onion and green onions to add to your liking and a peanut dressing that was super yummy!  The soup was a vegetable soup that was broth with diced veggies in it.  I was barely 2 bites into my salad when our entrees arrived!  I snuck a taste of my noodles, before finishing my salad and soup, and then devoured my pad see ew.  It was just wonderful!  Perfect heat level for me, not oily and super flavorful!  The bf LOVED his rice too!  Said he could easily eat it everyday.  Everything tasted so fresh!  They even had Kiltlifter beer.  We have found our new go to Thai place!
5	I have had good thai experiences...and especially bad thai experiences...but when my friend brought me to Yupha's I was nothing but impressed! I have such a hard time finding good thai food that is gluten free and they were SO accommodating and knowledgeable about what was gluten free and what wasn't and the Pad See Ew was delicious!! The only thing that makes me sad is that they aren't open all day long and it seems like every time I really have a craving they're closed for their lunch break.  If you're craving thai give this place a shot. The inside of the restaurant is pretty cool too. Really laid back and comfortable!
5	Always amazing food. The pad thai is delicious as is the yupa fried rice with pineapple. Service is always fast. The salad and soup bar is a great bonus as the peanut sauce is to die for!
5	Definitely worth going for their lunch special!You get soup and salad with your meal.The husband and I ordered pad thai and drunken noodles, both were delicious.The pad thai is the best I've had, outside the city (NYC).The service is very fast (and they were full to their capacity) and still nice.
5	Love this place. Great food and great service. What more can you ask for?
5	I love this place, I've eaten at a few Thai places in the valley and none so far come close to being as good as Yuphas.  I go at lunch so I can get the salad with the amazingly good peanut sauce. My favorite dish is the pad see ew, but the pad thai, drunken noodle and fried rice are also really good.  The staff are also really friendly.
4	I have been here now 3x and have gotten the Drunken Noodles every time!  They are delicious.  The portions are just right and the food is always fresh and hot!  The thai levels are 1-7 and aren't always accurate.  The thai tea here is a little too strong compared to others that I have had at other thai restaurants.  The lunch options are great which include a thai salad and soup.  They are quick and efficient so if you're on a lunch time crunch, you will make it without a worry.  They are super busy all of the time, so keep that in mind.  I would highly recommend trying this place out!
5	Amazing food! Great atmosphere! Tastes as authentic as it can get around here. I have been to nearly every Thai restaurant in the east valley and this is my number one spot!There's a curry without coconut milk, very spicy! That's my favorite dish there. A medium tastes Thai hot! Highly recommend this place!
4	Very authentic Thai restaurant. Definitely will be coming back. Their drunken noodle with seafood mix is delicious!
4	I was craving for thai food tonight so we came here to try the drunken noodle because it look so good in the pictures! Wow! People are right, it was so good! Service was okay but can be improved. They checked on us when we were almost done. Down side was i came here really hungry so our food took 15-20mins before it arrived, it felt like 30 mins for me.
4	My first time having Thai food and I have to say it was a pleasant experience.  Everything was very fresh and delicious.  Portions were very much on the small side.  Prices a bit high--$50+ before tip and without drinks only to be dying of hunger 3 hours later.  We arrived right at opening time and had to wait 15 minutes for the doors to be opened.  Great decor and ambiance.  Thankfully you can order all dishes with very "mild" spices, as I have heard that Thai can, in some cases, scorch the mouth.  My wife really enjoyed her custard dessert.  I had the flaming, fried ice cream, which was so doused in rum that any home-prepared deliciousness was drowned out by a scent/taste that reminded me of paint thinner.  All-in-all, very pleased.  Not sure if we'll be back based on price vs. quantity.  Taste was great.  Except for that particular dessert . . . have to avoid it in the future.
5	This place has the right balance of ambience and great food. I like going here. Their food is so comforting. I have tried the Panang Curry with shrimp which was great. Also the fish cakes are very flavorful. I did not like the Pad See Ew because of the overly eggy flavor but they quickly replaced it with my favorite Goob Ob Won Sen when I returned the plate. Great for lunch or dinner. Right next to the dollar theater. Must visit.
4	I ordered the drunken noodles, which were pretty darn good (although I don't think I've ever had them before, so there's not much to compare to).  The price was comparable to other noodle dishes at most Thai places I've been. The portion I was given was perfect for me, but a little on the smaller side than other restaurants. Nevertheless it was a very flavorful dish! I definitely need to try their pad Thai and pad see ew next time.
5	Every time we go see a movie at the Pollack Theaters, we always leave plenty of time beforehand for a dinner at Yupha's. We love our Thai food and Yupha's is one of my two favorite Thai places in the valley (the other being Thai Spices in Mekong). I always get Pad Thai every time I go to Thai restaurants...I really wish I could try more things but I can never stray from Pad Thai! Arrrgh. Anyways, I love the Pad Thai here but one unfortunate thing is the heat fluctuates each time we come.The first time, I got hot and oooo-weeee my bowel movements hurt the next day! I ordered a step lower on the heat scale the next time, and I barely even felt a singe of heat. So it's kind of hit or miss if the level of heat is there that I want, but regardless the rest of the taste of the dish is the same and it's great. My husband thankfully changes up his order each time we go so I can try more of their dishes. Everything he's ordered has been good. The ambience and timeliness of the food is also a plus -- we don't have to panic about not making our movie on time because we're usually in and out in 40minutes tops. Yupha's will always be a staple of our movie date nights.
4	Very good, but pretty standard Thai. I prefer more hole-in-the-wall Thai restaurants but this was still good!
5	It's an awesome thai restaurant and their peanut sauce at salad bar is a thing to die for. My office is not very far from this place and everyone in my team is always ready when we decide to go to Yupha's. This place is generally packed at lunch, so advise is to call before if you have a large party.  As with every thai restaurant, if you are vegetarian ask them to avoid fish sauce. Highly recommended overall !!!
4	Definitely a great place to go if you like Thai food or would like to try it for the first time. The ambiance is casual, inviting and fun. I like that their decor is tasteful and not overly frilly.  The wait staff is friendly, when they are available. I have to say, this place is not where you'd go for a "quick bite". Even for lunch, expect to be there at least an hour. It's usually very packed. Price-wise, it's not overly expensive here, but it's definitely not a cheap Thai joint either. If you go for lunch, the lunch menu ranges from $5.99 (just Soup & Salad) to Seafood dishes at $12.99. If you order lunch, you get free self-serve soup & salad. I really enjoy the hot peanut sauce for the salad and the soup is very light. It may throw some people off that the soup is rather bland but it's an appetizer. I'm sure if it's too tasty, people would just keep helping themselves to the complimentary Soup & Salad bar. Some of my favorite dishes are: Pad See Ew (usually with beef), Chicken Pad Thai & the Yupha's Fried Rice. Their curry dishes are also YuMmMMmy!!! I really need to try other things since I keep alternating between those. I always wondered why their food tastes sooo good then realized it's because they tend to make their food a bit sweeter than some places. I'm not complaining since I have a sweet tooth! The only disappointment I ever experienced here was their Seafood soup. I've had really good Seafood soup elsewhere and was sure this place would rock.. only to be so let down. Their broth was extremely limey and sour, lacking any other flavors. Thankfully I only ordered a small bowl of it and not a huge one. Aside from that, everything I've had there is fantastic! For dessert, I've had their sticky rice with mango which was delicious since the mango was in season. I'd really like to try their Homemade coconut ice cream next time I go! I love that stuff!Aside from the slow service and their nasty Seafood soup, I really love this place!
5	I have loved everything I have ordered here.  If you like curry I highly recommend the blend of the green and yellow curry, it is one of my favorites.  They also offer a small side of fried rice, which is really tasty and it is nice to be able to order a smaller portion.  Drunken Noodles are great and the roasted chicken is really good too.  I have yet to try the duck, but will soon.  I pick up take-out from here at least once a month and the service is always quick and polite.
4	This was the best lunch I have ever had at Yupha's. Great service, delicious smoky fried rice with delicate tofu, crispy orange chicken and soup & salad. Good prices and quick lunchtime turn-around. You can order your food as mild or spicy as you care to go here and that's a good thing. I don't know a lot of Thai restaurants that work for me, but this one surely does. Thanks Yupha's!
4	I've been eating at Yupha's since 2006, back when it was at the old location on Eliot.  I've kept coming back because the food is great quality and tasty.  Also service is friendly and ambience is nice and clean.  Can't ask for much more in a restaurant.  The reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because it's a wee bit pricier than other Thai restaurants for the amount of food you get.  I can usually finish all my food at this place, but at other Thai restaurants I pay less and take home leftovers.
5	I think this place is often overlooked. The drunken noodles are fabulous! It's kind of hidden next to the 'Dollar' theatre, but worth trying!
5	How I love this beautiful restaurant...If you love curry, you must eat here.  Try the yellow curry.  By far, the best I've ever had and what my husband craves after growing up in Thailand.  The flavors are truly lovely and the heat is perfect.  Don't skip the appetizers - the sample plate serves up all the favorites and is always delicious.Thai tea can be hit or miss - and expensive.  Excellent service, every time.  Gorgeous decor and extremely clean.  We are forever customers :)
4	Definitely good Thai food! Don't live in Tempe anymore but my folks do. Decided to try this place out and introduce my girlfriend to my parents here. We all had a very pleasant experience. The service was ehhh. But (with all due respect) Asians generally have 'whatever' service anyways. Maybe it's a cultural thing. Anyways, the food was great, wait wasn't long, and fresh atmosphere. They also do some pretty creative things with their presentation. To top it off my parent loved my girlfriend! ;) Pros-Great food-Endless selection-Short wait times-Cool looking place-reasonable pricesCons-average servers who aren't too welcoming-inside needs more creative depth
1	omg what the heck did I do? I came here again by mistake. Ordered the Satay. That is noooo chicken. Again inedible. Well, they haven't gotten any better in 2 years. Jeez I knew this place looked familiar.
5	Ive eaten at at least a dozen Thai places in the Phoenix area but this one is by far the best. The only bad thing I can say about is that the service can be sub par at times. Tom Yum, Pad Thai, Panang and Massaman are my favorites
5	Best Thai food in Phoenix metro. We love coming to Yupha's for our date night. Excellent food and great service!
5	I have been looking for a perfect Thai food restaurant for years and I have finally found it at Yupah's. I have tried countless Thai restaurants from Thai Rama to Latitude Eight to Thai basil and none of them compare to the food and atmosphere of Yupah's. The prices are standard to Thai but the food is out of this world! You can really taste every single flavor. I tried the tom Kai gai coconut soup and it is by far my favorite. The lemon grass and spices are amazing. Every flavor is present served amazingly. The service is incredible as well. Everyone is extremely friendly. The red curry is without a doubt the best food on the menu. I absolutely love it. Definitely go here. No other place compares! I love Yupah's!
5	Wow, red curry with pumpkin is so yummy.  Service was terrific, interior is nice too.  What a fantastic Thai place, wish it wasn't 30 miles away.
5	Able to do gluten free. Not listed on the menu but just ask. I had the GF Pad Sew Ew and it was delicious. I'll be back!
4	The red curry is good not great..Good price and good service. I recommend coming during dinner time for more options.
5	I love this place, hands down the best Thai food in Tempe! Their green curry is a perfect blend of flavor and spiciness. The ambiance is adorable, it is a great place for a date! You can have most dishes made gluten free, which is fantastic! Don't forget to ask for brown rice, so much tastier and healthier than white rice!
5	This place is a great lunch spot!  The soup and salad buffet that's included with lunch is small but you don't come here for that anyway.  The meals are made with fresh ingredients, deliciously seasoned, with nice side features that are unexpected for a lunch under $10.  I've had the Pad Khing Sod cause I'm a sucker for ginger but I've got my eye on that one with the kaffir lime leaves...
1	Worst service ever. Visited 2 times here and both the times treated differently compared to other guests. Second time asked the server that is there any issue and she rudely replied we are busy. And I can literally see the behavior with other guests which is completely different. Never coming back here again.
5	Food here is high quality, genuine Thai and generally fantastic. The staff was awesome. I had a vegetable dish (Thai Spicy with Shrimp) and it set me free, had to ask for more napkins. Lol. Good atmosphere. A must try.
2	To keep it short:We didn't ask for check, still eating but the waitress brought us the check, she was rude because when we complain that why we have to wait 15 minutes to order she said there is nothing she can do.Food was goodDessert was goodFor such a low service the prices are too high.
5	My husband and I ate here for lunch today. We had the lunch special - he had Pad Thai with tofu and I had the Pad Sa Ew with Tofu. Both dishes were DELICIOUS! Plus they have a little salad bar and soup for you to have before your meal. We will definitely be coming back here for lunch :)
5	If you go there on a Friday or Saturday night, the place is packed! Oh, and if you go there at lunch time, it's packed too! That's because IT'S WORTH THE WAIT! The food is delicious, the portion sizes are adequate, and the staff is fast and friendly. Great restaurant!
4	Consistently good food and service!
5	Yupha's has become an addiction in our house! I love love love the red coconut curry with fried tofu and veggies. The staff is friendly and fast, and take-out is very easy. The restaurant itself is always clean and the decor is tasteful. If you love thai food this is the spot for you.
2	It was my first time at this restaurant. Good food but a bit on the small side. The service was terrible and I am hesitant to return. We came during dinner time on a weekend so understandably it was busy. Once we were seated, the waitress came to take our drinks and then never came back for our food order. We thought perhaps she was waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, but even after everyone was seated we were still left waiting with no acknowledgement for at least 15 minutes until we had to flag someone down. I would not say it was because they were understaffed - parties around us were having their orders taken even though they had arrived after us. To top it off, they added the 18% automatic gratuity to the bill even though our party was less than 6 people! They didn't deserve a tip at all.
5	To the Yelp-powers that made my previous review for Yupha's the ROTD, thank you so much!Update on Yupha's awesomeness: When I wrote the last review, I had only had dinner. Since then, I have gone to Yupha's for lunch and it's even more amazing! Their lunch specials are $7.99 and come with unlimited soup and salad bar that you can serve yourself at. The soup is a clear vegetable broth and the salad (kale, cabbage, etc -- super healthy) comes with cucumbers, tomatoes, carrots and onions as garnishes and they have a to-die-for peanut dressing. You can even do an unlimited soup and salad lunch for just $5.99.I hope you all enjoy Yupha's as much as I do!!
2	The place was empty and there were a lot of servers, nonetheless, service was slow and inattentive. The prices are good but food isn't that great. Similar priced places have food that is a lot better. Food was mediocre and thai rolls were not good. Not many items to choose from on the menu either.
4	Awesome drunken noodles.
5	I went there last night for take out for the first time. Holy crap! This place is amazing!!! We got pad Thai and some beef dish with peppers and green beans. So good! Only one criticism: they very clearly did not want us to order. We ordered for pick up at 8:30 and they close at 9. They made sure we knew that they did not appreciate our order both on the phone and when we got there. I debated giving them 4 stars because of that but the food was so dang good I can't bring myself to knock off a star. We will see what they are like next time.
2	I've had better....a lot better.
5	We had an outstanding dinner at Yupha's Thai Kitchen. The interior is modest and tasteful, but very nice for its location in a strip mall. For an appetizer, we shared a Golden Curry Puff which had a pastry crust that was a perfect combination of golden crispy and tender and flaky. Two in our party ordered the Yupha's Seafood #803. The presentation of the Yupha's Seafood dish was an unexpected surprise, with the seafood wrapped in a foil peacock. Luckily, the food inside lived up to the presentation. I had the Green Curry (#401) with seafood which was perfectly medium-hot. There were large pieces of shrimp, calamari and mussels. Another member of our party tried the Himalai (#800) and said that it was excellent. I sampled small amounts of all the dishes and the ingredients tasted fresh and the seasoning was delicious. For dessert we shared the flaming-ice-cream which had generous quantities of rum and the homemade coconut ice cream over sticky rice. Both were delicious and a perfect conclusion to our meal. I also had their French press coffee which was served in a French-themed mug which was a charming touch. I'm eager to see if a return visit will as satisfying.
5	So good!!! Their are so many vegan and veg. options!! Great food great service can wait to go back. We had the drunken noodles and they were great
5	Love this place, the pad Thai and Pad Sa Ew are both amazing!! Great lunch specials with salad bar and soup. Always friendly service.
3	Food was good not much spice. My son and I both like spice and we ordered I number below hot and neither one was spicy. I had the green curry the taste was good but I would of preferred some spice. My son had the drunken noodles as everyone was raving he normally always has pad thai and he wishes he would of stick to his normal. The unlimited salad bar was very good. The one down fall my food came out 5 minutes before his. When you order together you should be served together I think the waitress grabbed his and have to the gentlemen that set across from us.
3	I order papaya salad which is my favorite dish in Thai restaurant. Thai fired rice is good. The green curry is just fine. However my boyfriend said it's the same flavor as the one I bought from Asian supermarket. (And when he went to use the restroom, he found out they had lots of curry sauce cans which was the same one I used for cooking green curry at home) The sticky rice mango is worth to try!
3	Food is good. Ambience just so so. Would be nice if they had booths. I've been here three times and I always end up facing the wall. I had some sort of Sweet and sour chicken. It was made with fresh ingredients - no bottled sweet and sour sauce. The sauce was also fresh tasting. Also, there are no salt shakers on the tables. What's the deal with that?
5	We came here on a double date and both parties where blown away by the flavor of their entrees. This visit was on a Friday night, and we all know going out to dinner on a Friday is gonna be a wait. This place is really popular, so if you don't want to wait go before the dinner rush. The food and service once we got sat were well worth the wait. This is why we've continued to come back. We always seem to get sat in Clarissa's area. She is so upbeat and genuinely happy to see us. Whenever we have questions she provides with more than enough information to help us make our choice. She's even brought us samples of the sauces used in dishes to see if we'll like them. This is AMAZING customer service. Here's what we've had that I HIGHLY recommend:902 (yes, I know it's fried rice, but the flavor is unlike any other typical fried rice I've had)403,400,306,854.  The only I haven't been too crazy about is the golden curry puffs. I felt they were bland. One out of the many we've had isn't bad. Can't wait to try more dishes!
4	Love their lunch options - always busy but well priced and yummy!!! Good to go for casual dining - pretty authentic Thai - just about everything on the menu is good.
2	I'm not sure if I'm jaded from the lack of truly delicious thai food after trying out so many different places only to be let down.Yupha Thai did not start out good for me as the soup and salad they provided for lunch was bland and tasteless (like soy sauce mixed with boiling water).I ordered the Pad Thai with beef and while it did come out piping hot (a good sign), the portion size was a little lacking. My dish had more veggies than actual noodles...If you're looking for authentic Thai food that will truly hit the spot...you're likely to have to keep searching...
4	Love the food, but not the signs. You have a beautiful restaurant. Remove all the tacky laser printed signs plastering your windows. It's tell everyone you have a problem and "nags" at them. Also the buffet sign/poster over the back table, ditto.Remove that also, signs in bathroom. Enough said. Keep it simple.We all get tired of saying the same thing, but putting up a sign, tells EVERYONE YOU HAVE a problem DOING YOUR JOB!The food is marvelous--bring back the ambiance please.
5	Love this place! Go here all the time and always get Red Curry, Drunken Noodles, or Yupha's Fried Rice- YUM! Everyone is so incredibly nice and the food is always delicious. Is it bad that they know my name, work schedule, friends, and family now?! Love you Yupha's!
4	Man, do I regret not trying Yupha's sooner! Dude and I have lived almost walking distance from here for nearly two years and we finally stopped in last weekend. Yupha's is super deceptive if you judge it from the outside only. I was expecting a Chinese take out (think Hot Wok Mr Cook) type of place, but WOW! Very beautiful, aesthetically pleasing decor. Given how many people were in on a Saturday night, it wasn't overly loud like I was anticipating. Just the right ambiance for a date night. We were seated immediately, and once we had a chance to check out the menu, our server came by to take our order. We ordered the almost obligatory Thai Iced Tea, Drunken Noodles with Beef and Red Curry with Chicken - Both Thai Hot. The Thai Iced Tea wasn't anything spectacular. Red Curry was the perfect balance of meat and vegetables. They did not skimp on the chicken and it was cooked just right. I really enjoyed the Drunken Noodles. Also very generous with the steak and vegetables. The noodles weren't dried up like the last Thai place we went to. I will say though with the spice levels, we'll go double or triple Thai Hot as single Thai Hot was more on the higher side of medium for our spice tastes. Both dishes were more than enough for two people and we had leftovers to take home.Overall, friendly service, fresh, delicious food, in the neighborhood ... Will definitely be back when a craving for Thai strikes!
5	This is my favorite restaurant EVER. It doesn't matter what you order, just close your eyes and put your finger on something- it will be amazing.Yupha's has a great atmosphere, I will never tire of staring at that beautiful green painting with the boats- which is lucky since a new boat themed Yupha's painting has been added to the back wall :)The staff is super sweet- they always remember mine and my boyfriend's order when we come in- and often tease me about my aversion to spices, haha! As for Yupha herself- she is kinda like the queen of Thai food here in phoenix but, that is just my opinion ;)My favorite dishes are the Pad Thai and Pad Woo Sen- but seriously, it is all amazing!
2	Eh this was a bit of a letdown.  I didn't exactly have great expectations, despite the raving reviews, but I was still holding onto a fool's hope that this place would be at least...somewhat good.Nope.  Not as good as Thailicious by a long shot.Since I don't like going on negative tirades when I have no resentment or anger toward the establishment, I'm going to phrase everything in a more positive way!Yupha's totally passed with flying colors the following tests:1. Is my chicken satay devoid of flavor test: PASS2. Is the meat in my entree dry: PASS3. Does the portion seem skimpy even for the lunch special price?  PASSReally there are only 3 redeeming things to be found here:1. Par thai iced tea.2. Friendly, on point service - can't deny this at all.3. FLAMING ICE CREAM (I would go back just for this)
4	Yupha's has amazing food and beverage. My girlfriend and I frequent this restaurant often b/c it is so delicious. We usually start off with an app and always get the Drunken Noodle. We've tried other things but we always make our way back to the drunken Their Thai tea with cream is also really good-the spices are def interestingly different but worth a try if you've never had it.The atmosphere is nice, clean, and the employees are friendly. Sometimes service is slow which is pretty much my only complaint and why they didn't receive all the stars.
5	Foods always good. Staff is always friendly. My fave is the pad prik king. My girlfriend says their pad thai is the best she ever had. They give you a yummy kale salad and soup with their lunch menu.
4	Yupha's is great!  Don't be put off by it's strip mall location (or paper napkins); this place is casual yet still nice enough for date night.  My husband and I have been there for dinner twice and we thoroughly enjoyed both meals.  Our food was served warm (hot, even) by pleasant and competent wait staff.  As others have mentioned, the Drunken Noodles are outstanding.  We've tried two desserts: the sticky rice with mango, and sticky rice topped with coconut ice cream - both were excellent.  We found the crab puffs to be a little oily so we'll skip them next time.  I also like that they serve (non-alcoholic) beverages in a carafe so there's no wait for refills.  Their prices are just a smudge high - two ice teas, two entrees and one dessert came to right around 45.00.  We'll stop in for lunch next time to check out the buffet.
5	Good food. Reasonable prices. Strange line on their menu which states "no sharing". My wife and I shared and no one said anything... The service was good. We'll eat here again.
5	First let me state that i have lived in Thailand for more than three years.  Yupha's Kitchen is the best Thai food in Phoenix.Thai food is my favorite cuisine.  The French invaded Thailand and held it as a colony for may decades.  During that time the French cooking techniques were merged with the traditional Asian ingredients and techniques.  The result is modern Thai food, the greatest food today.So with regard to rating a specific restaurant there are three components.  The authenticity of the food, the quality of the food, and the quality of the service.Yupha's Kitchen is a winner on all three.  The owner (always present) definitely knows how to cook authentic Thai recipes.  The mix of fish sauce and lime is perfect, the mix of protein and spice is perfect, and the mix of textures is perfect.  Secondly the ingredients that are served are top notch.  I have eaten at many Thai restaurants that really do get the spice mix part but want to serve less than top grade proteins.  At Yupha's you will get very fresh chicken or beef or pork.  Thirdly the service at Yupha's is amazing.As a world traveler, I will say not only is Yapha's the best Thai food in Phoenix, it is one of the best in the west period.Wes
4	I have been here twice within the last week and both times the food has been excellent. I really love Thai food so I think most places are great but Yupha's is definitely worth checking out over some of their competition. At first I was a bit worried because it is kind of tucked away in a strip mall so I was expecting business to be slow. Both times I have been in for lunch it has been very crowded. I have tried their red curry and pad Thai and both were very good. Only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because after getting our food I didn't see our server again until we got our check. I am not someone that wants to be constantly approached by the staff but a simple "is there anything else you need?" Or "how is everything" would make up that little difference. I ordered my food Thai hot and ran out of water. It would have been nice to have had someone check in and refill our carafe.All in all the place is great and I will definitely be back.
4	Delish! I went here on a date with my boyfriend and fell in love with the place. The ambiance is sheik and laid back, the service was quick and attentive, and the food was fresh and flavorful. It was his first time having Thai food and he couldn't get enough. The sliced papaya salad was so fresh and flavorful and a great starter on a warm day. The Pad Prew Wan was fresh and full of flavor also. I will most definitely be back and highly recommend trying it out. Great for a date or with family and friends.Has a great selection for vegetarians also.
4	3.5 stars!  I was craving Tom Kha Gai today and Mr. W. had been scoping this place out for months.  What better time than to do a little take-out to go with my Ghost Adventures marathon?  So I went to call in my order and the nicest lady picked up.  After a few questions, I placed my order of: The Sampler, Massaman in Pineapple Boat with Scallops, Pad King Sod with Calamari, a bowl of Tom Kha Gai, and a bowl of Seafood Soup.  Here's the breakdown:- Sampler ($12):  You get two Thai rolls, two golden curry pastries, six buddha's delight, and six kew krob.  The Thai rolls are your standard little spring rolls with nothing too remarkable, the buddha's delight is your typical fried tofu, the kew krob had an interesting medley of ground chicken and spices, but my favorite were the curry pastries.  Puff pastry with curry chicken, onion, and carrots?  Yes please!  I think I would skip on the sampler if I come back and just order the curry pastries.  - Massaman in Pineapple Boat ($16 + $3 for scallops):  Advertised on their site as a Mother's Day weekend special, I decided to order this because I love massaman curry and the added pineapples intrigued me.  While I think the $3 up-charge for like four scallops (cut in half) was a bit much, I enjoyed this dish!  The pineapple really adds a brightness to the otherwise heavy dish.  They even threw in the pineapple boat... which ended up getting tossed after I kept spilling curry all over the place.  - Pad King Sod with Calamari ($13):  Squid stir-fry with ginger, onions, mushrooms, and bell peppers in its simplest form.  I was hoping for a balanced dish but all I got was an overwhelming garlic flavor.  I love garlic but whoa!  It was a bit much.- Tom Kha Gai & Seafood Soup ($4 & $6):  The Tom Kha Gai here is delicious!  It might've been the blinding craving for coconut milk soup but this stuff hit the spot.  It was silky and coats the mouth!  The chicken was a bit dry but what can you do about white meat chicken really?  The Seafood Soup was mainly eaten by Mr. W.  It tasted of your standard hot & sour soup with lots of lime.  The seafood soup was definitely not my favorite.The decor was lovely and I almost wished I dined-in instead of carried out.  The service was friendly but for $61, I was hoping for a little more.  The portions are a bit small and they're pretty stingy on the seafood but the flavors for most of the dishes were great.
2	I don't see what all the fuss is about. I've eaten here twice and was disappointed both times. The food just wasn't that good. They nickel and dime customers by charging for things no other restaurant would charge for ($2.00 for a little extra sauce). Don't plan to return, hope not to. :-(
5	Go here,it is wonderful!
5	Great taste! Fresh produce and meat! Serve yourself salad and soup bar. Soup is so simple yet ssooo delish! The food always comes out quick and hot! Most of the servers are very friendly and they are all polite. Great place for lunch as they can get you in and out quickly without compromising quality and freshness. I order the Pad Gra Prow almost everytime. The Pad Thai is tasty and their Drunken Noodle is my boyfriends favorite! I order a Thai Iced Tea every time I go, yum!
5	I love the cocunut curry chicken here. Makes for peffect lunch and convenient location.  I had my bday dinner here too and my friends became fans; )
5	I found this place watching check please Arizona.  I have been in love since the first bite. My daughter and I go at least a couple times each month and we have never been disappointed. It's mango season so the mango and sticky rice dessert is not to be missed.
4	Excellent Thai Fried Rice. I just wish the portions were a little bigger for the money.
4	I love Yupha's!  The bottom line: great Thai food at reasonable prices with excellent customer service.I've been here two or three times in the last couple of months for dinner with one of my best friends.  The last time I went here our server recognized us and said, "I recognize you!  You guys come here often!"  This place is always busy, so it was incredible that our server recognized us as quickly as she did.  Perhaps it's the strangeness of our order - I generally order things just under Thai hot, and she orders things with no spice at all.I generally order the Pad Thai with an appetizer (often their spring rolls).  They're very conscious of dietary restrictions:  I order my dish with tofu, and they always ask me if egg is okay.  I love that they do that.  I've always found their spice level to be spot-on.  My dishes have the right amount of heat, and my friend never complains about anything being too spicy.  I really appreciate that they trust me when I order my dish hot, but I've also seen them bring out jars of chili flakes and chili oil to patrons who are requesting something a bit spicier.The portions are perfectly scaled.  If I'm ravenously hungry, I can eat the whole plate without feeling overly full.  If my hunger is at normal levels, I can eat about half the plate and will end up taking the rest home as leftovers.This place is always busy for dinner, but I've never had to wait to get a table.  The restaurant is spacious and extremely clean.  I never feel like I have to wait long for anything - drinks, someone to take our order, food, or the check.There are a lot of decent Thai restaurants in Phoenix, but this one is a gem.  If you're craving Thai, come to Yupha's!
5	One of my regulars. This place is phenomenal! Some of my favorites are the penang and massaman curries - both have this creamy peanutty taste to them. So rich and delicious! Staff is very friendly too but can sometimes seem rushed but they always take time with you if needed. If you want something to drink beside water, you might need to be proactive and tell them.I make it a personal goal to bring a new friend along each time I go and they always beg to go back.
5	Love the red curry. Not a fan of drunken noodles because there is egg in it. Definitely my favorite for curry though.
5	Wonderful!!!! Loved it!! Awesome soup & salad bar too! Very generous portions, definitely got a lot for your money... Would definitely come back!!
5	I just love this place!  I had never had Thai before trying this little gem out.  I have been to serveral other Thai places and nothing compares.  The staff is great, the Thai tea is delicious, and this place has the best coconut ice cream w/sticky rice I have EVER had.  Food is fabulous, give it a try you won't be disappointed =)
2	This used to be one of my favorite Thai restaurants until my most recent experience a couple months ago...DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE EVER EVER EVER ORDER THE FISH CAKES APPETIZER.Please take my advice and you will thank me later. These fish cakes sounded so delicious on the menu but when they came out, it was a whole different story... when I think of fish cakes, crab cakes, etc, I think of fluffy, flavorful, tender, puffy, etc. These things were small, rubbery, highly compacted little discs of who knows what. They looked disgusting and the taste was one hundred times worse than the appearance. They tasted like what I imagine Pledge tastes like. Yes the cleaning solution, Pledge. What we were brought was so highly unacceptable to be served ANYWHERE. It was like something that would be featured on an episode of Kitchen Nightmares. I lost all respect for this restaurant after this experience...even though my entree tasted fine. I don't think i will be back.
4	Yupha's is the best Thai I've ever had.  The food is delicious, portions are decent, and spice is well controlled (from mild to triple Thai hot).Lunch is busy and crowded, and service may be a bit slow. The food always makes up for it.
3	Came to try the Tom Yum Gai & Thai tea. Service was very friendly, my food came out quickly. Ordered my food to go, so maybe my experience will be different when I eat there.  Soup was very good, was very happy with this. Flavors were perfect, could have had more chicken though since I got the pot for two but only enough chicken for one. My Thai tea was the disappointment. For the price I feel a kid sized cup is not appropriate. Would have rated higher except for this.
4	Fresh food, great service, reasonable prices  Love the Pad Thai!  Not a fan of the yellow and black sign at the door welcoming me to the restaurant.  I"ve been in five times in the past two months, and felt uneasy each time.  Is there a problem about which I should be concerned while I'm eating?
5	Love love love Yupha's!  The food is always fresh and exactly how I order it, plus the service is always friendly and the restaurant is immaculately clean.  I don't live close and anytime I want Thai I make the drive to Yupha's.  If you are a fan of Pad Thai, theirs is delicious.  Hot is definitely hot enough unless you want to burn off your food sweating while you eat, then order the Thai Hot!
4	Pretty good Pad Thai noodles.  My  coworker and I try to get it every other week for lunch. I'm so glad it's close and not too expensive.
5	Sooooo good!!! I had the drunken noodles and they were awesome! We took a group of 7 with a 2 year old and then split the check 5-ways -- the server was extremely accommodating! I know we asked for a lot and she delivered with a smile - awesome service! Awesome food!!
5	Best thai food on the east side of town in the tempe, mesa, chandler area. Large portions to share with a friend or to split multiple dishes. Great thai custard dessert :) try it.
5	Very fresh food. Can customize all the curry base without fish sauce. Excellent salad bar at lunch. Little spicier than other thai places.
3	Last time I came my boyfriend ordered the Pra Ram and it was so good! We decided to come back so I can order it and this time I was so disappointed. The dish was just drenched in peanut sauce.. I tried to pick the chicken off to eat but even that was gross.
5	This is one of the best Thai restaurants I've been to in the area. The spring rolls and peanut sauce are delicious. We always order these sides along. It's usually crowded with a wait time of about 10 to 15 minutes. The wait is worth it though. My favourites here are Pad Thai, drunken noodles and red curry here.
2	I come here every Sunday and sometimes during the week because they have great food at a great price, but they increased the price on all the food. To be honest, I think it's now too expensive for the portion size that they give you. I'll be trying other places instead on Sundays. :(
3	After searching for a long time after my favorite Thai restaurant closed, I finally found a new restaurant to be excited about. The food here is amazing! The only reason I didn't give this restaurant a better rating is because their service was very bad. In the middle of our meal they dropped off a receipt which would have been fine but we still wanted to order dessert. Then, in the middle of our dessert after we payed they came back over and said 'You sign now.". We felt very rushed and there were only three other customers so there was no excuse. It is also a bit off putting that their are several warnings (a couple in the menu and one on the wall) saying that you are subject to be charged extra. So say you want to share a meal, it was something like 2 to 4 dollars extra.
5	Love this place!!! It's definitely among the best thai in the Valley and somewhere my husband and I visit regularly. It's busy, so you may wait a bit for a table, but overall, the service is pretty quick from that point on, and the food is really amazing! Pad thai and red curry are both delicious at Yupha's.
5	The Best Thai Food I have ever had. So good! If your going for lunch make sure you go early because by noon they are packed!
4	Yes it's a good Thai Restaurant. It has good Lunch Specials and have Complementary Salad with Peanut Dressing and Soup with Celery, Cabbage and Lettuce ,etc. and you can take second serving of both.Today Penang Curry (Tofu, Beans, Red Bell Peppers ,Green Peppers and Curry was at 9.99 inclusive of Steamed Rice. It was worth it with Salad and Soup. Theu have gorgeous walls and wall decor with Buddha Pictures. Good One !
5	My favorite Thai place in town. Delicious foods and desserts if you have room (I always order desserts first). Pad Thai, Pad See Eww, Tom Yum Soup, and their lunch salads (all you can eat) with the delicious peanuts sauce. I have been coming here for years, and I still love it.
5	Great place for Crispy Duck, one of my all time favorite dishes. Any of the panang curries are excellent as well. I recommend coming in before 630 as the dinner rush can be quite intense.
5	Wow - the food was awesome! It was super busy during lunch time and the servers did the best that they could with non-stop people coming through the door. I highly recommend this place! It is definitely my new favorite Thai place.
2	I really wish that I could give this restaurant a better review because the food was really good. For the food alone, I'd give this place 4 stars.We saw many great reviews on yelp for this restaurant, so we decided to give it a try. It was pretty busy when we went in which was expected as it was a Friday night. We expected a wait but there was none & we were seated promptly. The waitress was completely in a hurry & seemed like she wanted us to order right away. Since we had never been to the restaurant, we were taking a look through the menu & trying to make a decision.After a few moments, we decided to order the Drunken Noodles with Chicken, medium spice & the Pad Garlic Sauce with Chicken, medium plus spice. About 25 minutes after we had ordered, we finally got our order. No one checked on us during that time to let us know our food was coming or asked us if we wanted to order something while we waited as it was going to be a while. Considering how hungry we were, we definitely would've ordered an appetizer.Like previously mentioned, the food was really good. The Drunken Noodles were full of flavor & the spice level was just right. The Pad Garlic Sauce was the same way. It came with a side of steamed mixed vegetables, which honestly, I wish they would've tossed them in the garlic sauce with the chicken but since it was a large bowl, I mixed together the rice & vegetables in it.I've eaten at quite a few different Thai restaurants in the area & it seemed like the portion sizes at this restaurant were smaller than what they normally are. For the taste, I guess it could be argued that it was worth the cost ... Maybe.After we had finished our meal, our waitress came back & dropped off the check. She didn't ask if we wanted any dessert or how our meal was (no one checked in with us while we were eating either). Not sure if we will come back .. If we do, it'll probably just be to pick up an order.
3	The food here is amazing. It's fresh and tastes great. I would give it 4 stars. The service; however, was not great. We got there with a group of 7 for lunch and the wait was 45 minutes! We ordered our food with appetizers and waited another 35 minutes for our food. We kept having to ask the server for more water. The wait here is normally longer for lunch since it's so busy so just be prepared for that.
2	I wanted to like this place based on the number of positive reviews and my desire to eat endless amounts of thai food.  Unfortunately, after going here on 3 separate occasions we kept getting consistently subpar food. Our appetizers (the sampler) were cold. I ordered the Lard Na, the Pad See-ew, and the Pad Thai with chicken (ordered at medium hot).  All were really sweet with no degree of heat. Even my girlfriend, who has little tolerance for spicy food thought it was too sweet. The servers were nice. We're moving on to a different place.
3	Great food but not happy with the food price increase.  I most likely will not be coming here again.
5	Yupha's is my favorite Thai restaurant in the Phoenix metro. My husband and I have been coming here for 3 or 4 years now, and we've never had a bad meal or bad service. They have the most delicious Thai iced tea I've ever had. I usually order the chicken pad Thai because I love it so much, but I've also had the pad garlic sauce, drunken noodles, boat noodle, and yellow curry. The lunch menu also includes all you can eat soup and salad, which are both very good. We've been in for Valentine's Day and Mother's Day before, and they usually have nice special occasion menus.
5	Great food with Fantastic serviceI have been there so many timeI love their food very muchAll staffs are very nice. They always help us thought menu.I'm a big fan of Ped Gra Pow and Pad Thai Shrimp. Little mermaid and Calamari strip are delicious!!! As well
5	Best Thai place in Tempe. Great food, nice staff, and a nice atmosphere. I love this place and eat there all the time. Very vegetarian friendly. I recommend the papaya salad and pad pak.
5	So good. I seem to find my way into this wonderful place at least once a week. My go to dish is the Pad See Ew with tofu. I also get the Panang curry quite a bit. If I want something more fried the Curry Puffs will always put a smile on my face.Top notch and always super friendly.
4	This is my favorite Thai in Tempe.  The garlic chicken and pad Thai are great.  They don't "Americanize" their spicy scale, so be careful what you wish for when ordering.  The building is pretty and their lunch specials are great.  They have a little buffet style setup to get soup and salad while waiting on your food to come out.
5	The lunch special is great. The salad and soup bar is always so yummy and fresh. I always meet my family here for lunch and we continue to come back for the great food and awesome servie. Yupha is always walking around making sure that you are taken care of. The red curry is my favorite!!
3	With my coworkers and they wanted Thai food and found this place on Yelp. I ordered the Pad See Ew with chicken. At lunch time, it comes with a salad bar and soup station. They do have an interesting sign above saying to take only what you can eat, for if there is too much waste, they will need to increase their prices. The only thing with my dish was it was too sweet. I really do not like spicy food but it should not taste like a dessert.
5	Finally I have found great Thai food in this area!   The food was delicious and the service was great too.  The drunken noodles were amazing,  as was the sticky rice with coconut ice cream.
4	My boyfriend and I came here last night.  The restaurant is clean and has a nice atmosphere. The host and server were both friendly and helpful. My boyfriend ordered curry with shrimp and I ordered a noodle dish. Both dishes came out really quickly and were delicious. I would recommend getting any curry.  Overall our experience was great and I would and plan on coming back again.
5	If you want great Thai food and you really should because its healthy you must try Yuph's. Samantha will take great care of you. The lunch specials are delish. The entres come eith salad with peanut dressing and soup. Orlando is a great cook and you will not be disappointed. Come hungry! Very, very good.
5	Delicious Thai food! We enjoyed the -Pad Thai veggie : 4 star excellent taste and texture!Drunken noodles chicken : 5 star- incredible flavor!Red curry chicken: 5 star very good!Green curry pork 4 star yum!! If I lived here it would be my go-to Thai place!!!Keep up the good work !
5	Super tasty!!  I ate here for the first time tonight, fun, colorful setting.  The people are super nice, and the food was quite pimp, I shall return!!
5	First time eating here very tasty food. Tried the 117. Drunken Noodle awesome my wife had the 120. Kao Pad she loved it! me 2 :)  Thanks see you soon.
3	We ordered the TomYum soup with chicken, Pad Thai and golden curry puff. The Pad Thai and golden curry puff is really good. The soup is kinda disappointing. Only some mushrooms and few pieces of chicken in it. The Tom Yum soup I had in Chandler has silver noodle and vegetables in it. The service is good. I might just come back for the curry puff.
2	Thank you for the friendly service! But the food was too sweet for me and never really did it for me. I'm willing to try it again, based on it's close location, but I will hope for a spicier experience.
4	Came here for dinner before heading back to the Bay Area. I'd never been before but after having some good Thai in SF, we decided to find a spot nearby. Yupha's is tucked back in a strip mall and is very warmly decorated. The service was good and there was quite a good crowd coming and leaving while we were there. We had the golden crisp puffs to start which I am a huge fan of, and we both had red curry - chicken and beef. I had the beef thai hot and for someone who likes spice, it wasn't too hot but it did have a kick and was very flavorful. It was my guest's first time having Thai and he described it as "excellent". I would definitely recommend and return if I am back in the area.
5	This Thai restaurant is fantastic :)  1.) Friendly staff2.) Quick orders3.) Delicious Food
5	Truly, this is the best thai food you will ever eat. Hands down.The staff is incredibly friendly, I have never had a bad experience with them. Sam, at the front of the restaurant is so kind and will do anything to help make your experience a good one.I try to get Yupha's at least once a week - which is becoming difficult since I recently moved to Scottsdale, but it is worth the 20 minute one way drive. The take out process is extremely easy and quick.When in doubt, order the Pad Thai or Pad Gra Prow. It is what dreams are made of.I wish this restaurant all the success possible because I never want to live in a world without Yupha's Thai Kitchen!!!!
4	Had a leisurely lunch recently with some dear friends that I don't see too often:This place is is small and nicely decorated.  I love Pad Thai and am on a mission to find the best  peanut sauce in the valley, so wanted to try Yupha"s with this in mind.  We met up on a Saturday and ordered a lot of apps to try them all.  First of all, the food was really yummy and there was a ton of it.  We consulted our waitress and she was really helpful in terms of making recommendations.My pad thai was delicious, as were the spring rolls and peanut sauce.  As always, there were plenty of leftovers for later snacking.  My friends highly recommended their appetizers as well.  They also had plenty to take home.Yupha's is really fairly priced; their quality ingredients and great service really made this a pleasant experience for all of us.  I can recommend  them to anyone who enjoys good Thai food.
4	1 star for customer service. They really don't care about their customers. The food is amazing, service is atrocious. They can be down right rude. I went with a large group and someone ordered just an appetizer. The waitress pointed to each of us and said we can eat from the salad bar then pointed to the person who ordered an appetizer and said you cannot get anything from over there. It's just ridiculous how she had to single them out like that. On a separate occasion I asked for a container for the salad dressing. Instead of saying yes it will cost _ the waitress freaked out at the thought. There's been several occasions where they are just mean. The food is so good though. I think the service is worthless.
5	Awesome service...beautiful display of food. The bathroom was very nice as well. Must try Drunken Noodles with spice! And the fried banana dessert was to die for! Fan for life...Thank you Yupah...your service is excellent.
1	I was a server and I know how hard it is to work in a restaurant but this place is rude and provides zero customer service. I had to ask 3x in 15 minutes for a glass of water and still did not get it. I didn't get a menu, utensils, or napkins either but at the point I didn't give a shit. They clearly don't care if you're not part of a big group or something. I will never go here again!!Nothing but rudeness and that's offensive. Most people will not put up what I put up with. I'm only extra patient because I worked as a server but even I have limits and this place really tested me.
4	Came here after gym with my wife and great ambiance along with a nice authentic Decor. Food was great.. We got the tom yum soup and the eggplant entree.. Great stuff! We'll be back
4	Okay, we are back.  My favorite places to dine I try to visit a few times a year cuz I don't want to ruin a good thing by od'ing on it.  Ya know what I mean?  We have dined at Yupha's when it was in the strip mall behind Olive Garden just up the road for 5 1/2 years, and more routinely at this location which they have been at for more than five years now.  Yep, we have been dining at Yuphas that long.  Almost hard to believe they've been around that long, but I'm very glad they have been successful.So onward and forward.  Tonight I was seated promptly and given a chance to review the menu options.  Was pleasantly surprised to see new items on the menu AND a wine list with a selection that's much improved ---that alone was long overdue.  So many tasty sounding options, that alone makes deciding a difficult thing to do.I opted for a salad with duck, red onion, green beans, etc. and my son chose Pan Ang Curry.Our server was polite, efficient, and  she did not hover excessively.  I could only ask that she returned sooner to take our order but part of that is our fault not being able to decide quickly.  I blame the new menu options for distracting me.Favorites:HimalaiPra RamPink DiamondTofu Song KrungThai Jerkey -the Papaya Salad is an acquired taste that I haven't acquired.  The Curry's are also fantastic but our favorites are the Red and Panang.Occasionally I like to have the Drunken Noodles or Yupha's Fried Rice.  Yummy stuff.Conveniently located near the Tempe Pollack Cinemas makes it all too convenient to catch a movie before or after a delicious meal here.We have been tempted to bring a meal in with us from Yupha's but I think others might be distracted by the fragrant aromas of real food.Glad this restaurant is in my neck of the woods.
5	I have loved Yupha's since they were further west down Elliot. We went in tonight for a birthday meal and they have changed their menus, with notable price increase and a few new items. If it keeps them in business I don't mind at all. Their food is always spot on. I had the Panang curry with tofu and my partner had the duck. Yum!
5	With so many Thai options in the Valley, this place really does stand out. The variety I think is what sets Yupha's apart from your everyday Thai restaurant. The ambiance is fitting, and the dining area is very clean and elegantly decorated. All of the times we have eaten here, the service has been very attentive and accommodating. Even the owner is there in the dining room greeting guests on most occasions.The wait staff knows their food and is willing to explain the dishes and substitute ingredients where may be necessary for you.I really love how they have monthly specials for lunch and dinner. It really makes for an experience that doesn't get mundane; although with their vast menu it would take quite some time for the food to get boring here.The sampler appetizer is a great place to start to get an idea of the variety they have. Along with a piping hot bowl of soup, your appetite is going to be begging for your entree. Everything from the nutty Pad Thai to the super savory Massaman curry to the endless entrees (try the eggplant basil for something you won't find anywhere else), there is something here for everyone. Specify your level of spice, and enjoy a fresh-made entree that is sure to leave you wanting to come back.The portions are nice and large; enough for two meals if you have the will power to stop halfway. Sure, the prices are a little higher than what you may find at another Thai place, but one meal here and you'll see the quality of the ingredients and the care that goes into preparing each dish is a cut above the rest.
5	This place is great. Definitely recommend the chicken pad thai. If you like it spicy I'd recommend getting the triple Thai hot. You get a lot of food for what you pay. I'll definitely be back!!!
4	Still a very solid choice for Thai in the South Tempe / Chandler.This time we tried a the pad woo sen, which their rendition of it was truly great with the fine noodles veggies and tofu. The one surprise is that this dish even came with rice even though it is a noodle dish. I do like it when they ask if egg is ok when ordering with tofu and veggies.The panang curry we had was rich and full of spice, if you are not in to spicy this may not be the fish for you.
3	3.75...Heres the thing...I've had really awesome food here (drunken noodles and green curry) and I've had some so so food here (Pad garlic w/chicken, pra ram). It could be that I went at different times of the day, but who knows. The thai hot is NOT hot. If I order thai hot I expect it my mouth to be flaming. It was more like a medium spice level. It's good but I like another place much better....Thailicious.
4	Great food with fast service. Food spice was not as spicy & I had expected, hot spicy was about low spicy.
