4	The girl and i hit M Resort Last Night. Wow ! this place is hoppin'. Primary goal was dinner - long lines everywhere - the Buffet, Terrzeto ( steak ) , Veloce ( sushi ) Marinelli's ( italian ) etc. We were able to snag a few seats at the oyster bar at Terrzeto ( separate review coming ) When i read that over a billion $$$ was being spent to build this place and watching the progress of the building, it didn't make sense to me - the place looked kinda small. Once you walk into the place - you understand the cost - it's impressive. Kinda reminds me of Red Rock Resort. I'm still not sure i buy into the primary color of brown - but it does look good. The casino area is huge ! alot of machines, tables, etc etc. I liked the idea of putting a serve yourself soda fountain on the casino floor ( the cocktail waitresses may not care for this .) speaking of cocktail waitresses, the son took a page from dad's book ( as in the owner ) - the waitresses are "top heavy" - oh yeah ! The poker room was decent. In the sportsbook, i liked that the TV's were up higher on the walls and i liked that the chairs swiveled with more of a lounge feel. The lines were too long at the rewards club so not sure about what they had to offer in deals. I was a little disappointed that when i played craps that the floor/pit people did not offer to prepare a card for me - they do at other local casino's. I gotta believe this place will take a chunk of biz from South Point and GVR . It's a little out of my way, but i'll visit on occasion.
5	I went the day after opening.  The place is pretty bad ass.  Red rock look alike kinda.  The pool area is the coolest thing I have seen, it looks over the strip and has a walk in beach type pool.  A huge bar as soon as you walk out to the pool area.  This pool is ACCESS easy.  Not like others that you cant even look at.  The restaurants seem awesome I saw a steak/seafood/pasta  place that was packed, a sushi place, cafe, sandwich joint, and a baby cakes.  Three of us  ate at baby cakes.  I had a fruit tart, my husband had a sorbet, and brother did as well.  They were pretty good and cheep all together it was 8 dollars. (not like the sorbet you get at the forums for 15 dollars...ouch)There was a huge line at the rewards area and if your wondering what it is for it's cause they were giving away free buffet dinners for whomever signed up.  Valet looked like a showroom!  Al together awesome.  Not to big, not to small.  Not a lot of games compared to other places.  Finishing on the place was beautiful.
4	This place does have the look/feel of a Red Rock or Aliante. It is kinda of out of the way but it will take some business away from SouthPoint, GVR and Silverton.  I like the 32 degree draft beer bar and how it integrates with R&S/deli.  The Hostile Grape wine cellar with enomatic systems is cool and just needs a couple of service tweaks to be a great place to hang out and enjoy wine..  Otherwise, I think finishes throughout casino are nice but restaurants like Marinellis will have tough time delivering on quality/service/price promise. Lastly, having complimentary beverage service stations and a pharmacy seem to be ackward/interesting business decisons.
5	OK...aside from bowling and movies, there's absolutely no reason to go to the Southpoint anymore.  This place is awesome and I can't wait until it gets warmer to fully enjoy all cool outdoor spots they have here.  We had a drink at the Ravello Lounge where a Bacardi diet and appletini came out to $9.75 total!!  What??  Awesome.  All the staff we interacted with were super friendly but we'll see how that goes in 6 months :PThere are 2 places with enomatic wine systems...Veloce and Hostile Grape.  Both were great and I am definitely taking my wine snob friends to the Hostile Grape.  Can't wait to go back.  I'll put some hours in at the poker room and maybe some pounds on at one of the restaurants.  I guess my only gripe about the place is the parking area.  There just didn't seem to be enough of it during peak hours.  Quite a few cars just driving round and round.
5	We tried to go on Saturday night, but it was PACKED.  Had a nice look around, and opted to come back for Sunday evening buffet.First, the decor throughout is perfectly tasteful.  Well-lit without being bright, and there is a wonderful blend of old-school decor incorporated in a modern way.  Former hippies will recognize the harmony of geometric lines through the casino.  One neat thing they have are soda-stations in a few places through the casino.  While there wasn't a shortage of cocktail waitresses, you also have the choice of serving yourself at one of the beverage stations.Returning on Sunday, we made our way rather quickly through the player's club line.  The wait for dinner at the buffet was about 40 minutes long, but well worth the $15.95 cost after applying player's discounts.  There was a hugely varied selection of food, all of which was outstanding in the method cooked.  Between my husband and I, we sampled nearly every item there, without any complaint.  The dessert station offered many selections, as well.Did I mention that beer and wine are FREE, included with the price of dinner?  Best of all, the folks serving are friendly, helpful, and very nice.  That was refreshing indeed.We'll certainly be back time and again, as it's just as close as GVR, but M resort still manages to have a few $5 craps tables.
5	I was just in the M Resort in Las Vegas March of 2009 I stayed there for 3 days. I was delighted an amazed at the service stress free. The prices were reasonable and the service impeccable and classy. The rooms had refrigerators, robes, slippers and hair dryers. You do not have to walk though the Casio to go from a convention room of lobby you can just go to your Room.  It has a spa & a state of the arts Gym and great quality restaurants: Deli, Italian Restaurant, Night Club, Tapas Bar and Pastry Shop. Also a modern awesome pool with great views of the mountains. I plan to stay there again next time I go to Vegas. On the Web    http://www.themresort.com/
3	I was just at M report over the 13-15th. It was our annual girls trip to Vegas. It was beautiful inside and the pool area looked great as well, but it was still too cold to use it. We had a few problems, upon check-in they told us that their computer system was down, so they had to do everything by hand. OK, no big deal. We got our room card & went to our room (I loved that the elevators were right next to check in). Walked in & realized that someone else was already in that room! So, back down we went, they gave us a new room that was on the 2nd floor, so goodbye view. They also gave us a $50 food credit, so that was nice. After turning on the lights it was still dark in the room, so I call down & find out that the power is out. You would think that is something they could have mentioned on check-in. We tried to go to the Buffet for dinner on Fri & Sat night, but at 8:45 there was at least an hour wait & they closed at 10. So both nights we ate at the Red Car Cafe. The Chinese food there was good. We can highly recommend the shrimp tempura and potsticker appetizers. Sun morning we were finally able to get into the buffet for brunch & it was yummy. There was no wait at 9 & they told us it got busy around 10:30. If you sign up for the players club you get a free or discounted meal, depending when you go. As for gambling, the roulette table was $10 min on Fri & $5 on Sat night. They have plenty of penny slots, which I think is unusual for Vegas. When we were leaving on Sun, the valet/parking/doorman guy helped us out. We had gone to the outlets on Sat & had lots of bag in addition to our luggage. We told him we didn't need help, but he helped us out anyway, which I thought was nice. So, would I go back, yes. The lobby/casino is nicely decorated. The rooms are pretty standard for Vegas, although they did have a big tub & a TV in the bathroom mirror, which I've never seen, but I don't get out much.
5	Great Casino.It just opened a couple of weeks ago but only had the chance to visit while I was in Vegas.Theres lot of parking so no need to worry that you're gonna walk a mile to get into the casino.There was a self-serve soda bar, and the cocktail waitresses were coming by making sure i always had liquor.There was a large variety of tables and slot.  Its not as large as the casinos on the strip, but its a nice alternative to Green Valley Ranch or Sunset Station or any other local casinos.
4	NIce casino. Well thought out and designed.  Went there last night to hear some live music, wasnt too bad. They have a free self-serve fountain drink stand. Will have to come back for some of the restaurants and give them a go. The cocktail waitresses were smoking hot AND polite!  A nice change from what Vegas has become.   The centerpiece of this casino looks like the pool. They have a great stage set up for live concerts and if you want there are 2-3 balconies and other areas that you can be at to watch the show without having to be in the pool. Will definitely be returning in the daylight to check it out and give the restaurants a spin.   Be aware, this is way south of the strip and a bit of a slog. Will likely only go there for concerts. Mostly will be populated by californians who dont want to go all the way up to the zoo to play......
5	For my 250th review, I feel the need to review a place that deserves 5 stars. Congratulations M casino and resort. From what I was told, this casino opened up less than a month ago. For those of you who are unaware of this place, its off the 146 towards Henderson if you're traveling along I-15 north. The outside looks really swanky. It kinda looks like a mini building that's being built in city center. There's a bar on the top floor that resembles Ghost Bar at The Palms. Ground parking is on both side of the resort, and a parking garage if you don't want your car sitting out in the sun/rain/whatever crappy weather conditions you don't like. You would think that once you walk in, the casino is right there, like bam! casino. Actually its like that if you come from the garage haha. The first floor is all meeting rooms and stuff from what I remember. As far as interior decorations go, the place reminds me a lot of Planet Hollywood's casino, only a lot more brown. I guess that's the best way to describe it. What draws people here as of right now is the free breakfast buffet if you sign up for their "imagine" players' card. I read the previous reviews on how there's long lines trying to take advantage of this offer, but when I went the other night, the line to sign up wasn't bad at all. Staff was really informative in telling us that if we opt to come for lunch or dinner, we only have to pay the difference between breakfast and whatever meal we decided to go to the buffet for. On top of that, for the rest of March (not much time left), all rewards' members get $2 off their meal. More about the buffet later.The casino floor is pretty lively with a bunch of gamblers, yet its not too crowded in trying to get around. For the most part, I noticed the craps and roulette (ahem Clarisse C.) tables had $5 minimum bets late at night. Since, I'm not that big on gambling, this is highly appreciated. What is also highly appreciated is the complimentary soda station for all the customers to enjoy. No need to flag down a waitress unless you're asking for alcohol, nor is there a need to buy soda at the gift shop.    The wait for the buffet was ridiculous. I came here yesterday for lunch, and the wait was well over 30 minutes. since I had the buffet voucher, my family and I only had to pay 3 bucks per person. It's $7.95 for breakfast $10.95 for lunch M-F, but shave off 2 bucks since we're rewards members. Warning: brunch is $20 on Saturday and Sunday. The buffet had a really big seating area, and honestly its one of the nicest looking buffets I've seen. The variety the buffet has easily outdoes most buffets on the Strip. Quality is even up there too, but remember its a buffet. Highlight of the buffet: free beer and wine on tap. Before you get excited, note that the beer on tap was coors light (at least I'm pretty sure it was) and blue ribbon. basically, the buffet is worth your money, and M marketed their casino into getting people to visit really well. I'll be coming here again next week since i enjoyed it haha. I have yet to browse the rest of the casino, but I have nothing but good things to say about this place. Swing by this place before reaching Vegas if you have the time. It's just too damn far from the Strip.
5	There are so many buffets in Las Vegas...where do you go to get your money's worth?Going to Studio B is like going to Disneyland.  You cannot do it all in one shot.  You have to plan.  Tonight...I shall concentrate on the Seafood, or Italian, or American.  Unless you really can just get a tiny bit of everything just so you can taste it.  The seafood buffet is so worth the money.  It was a good incentive to send us locals a coupon for a free buffet and to also sign-up for their IMAGINE REWARDS CARD which gets you a $2 discount off the meal and a free brunch.  I have been warned the lines is crazy long and need to go quite early.  We weren't really planning to go ...just wanted to check out the new casino and sign up for the card.  Passed by the buffet and the line was not to long so we decided to go and try it out.  We must have waited in line for maybe 50 minutes.  Not bad considering it was 3pm and Seafood Buffet already started.  (The seafood buffet starts at 2:30pm on Saturday.  - and the buffets include all you can drink beer and wine...WOW)They must have had 4 crableg stations.  Hot and  cold.  Oysters, shrimp, there was this huge white fish maybe 3 foot long they were carving and also like a 2 foot long salmon.  It was hard to choose what to eat but what I did try I was not disappointed with.  The one thing I was disappointed with is name cards.  I wished there was names on the glass shield to tell you what you are looking at or about to taste.   The sashimi was quite fresh and yummy.  So can I eat some more???..... too full and I have not even tasted half of everything.  (Will just have to save that for the next time- good we live close....lol)Time for dessert.  Soooooooooooo good and yummmms.  Creme brulee was perfect, flan was hella good, they even had pink meringue cookies, fruits on the tart pie was to die for, chocolate souffle was stupendous, yum yum yum!!!!!   We tipped our waitress for great service and a smile and stopped by the ice cream station.  Not just 4-5 flavors to choose from like some places.......LOTS to choose from.  Chocolate, coffee, mango, coconut, pistachio, strawberry and others more!!!!So...for those who do not have a coupon, it is worth even the full price.  Just don't bring somebody that does not eat much...lol.  Go hungry, don't wear tight pants and get ready for your tastebuds to go on an adventure.  (No - I have not tried the Bellagio Buffet- heard it is good.  Next on the list)
5	Las Vegas is a special kind of hell. That being said, the M Resort is like the best part of hell. It's the place where you'd want to hang out, if you had to hang out in hell.What sets this place apart from the 100s of other casinos in Vegas? The PHARMACY! Yes, the casino has a full service PHARMACY inside the gift shop. Let your imagination run wild with that one for a while. Other 5 star worthy attributes would have to include the self service complimentary (free) soda stations, the all you can drink beer and wine in the all you can eat buffet, and the very-not-las-vegas interiors. My personal favorite thing about the M? The entire wing of the resort totally removed from the casino floor. You can sit, eat, drink, talk, whatever, look out the windows at the strip about 10 miles away, and never ever have to look at or hear a slot machine. It's like a posh hotel in any other city. That is practically revolutionary for Vegas.
4	I went here for the Studio B Buffet. I agree with everyone else on the looks of this place. It's beautiful. Anyways...the wait times for the buffet weren't long but it was worth it. Pretty much all the food was good. The waitresses were nice and friendly as well as the chefs that served us at the various sections of the buffet. (They seem to hire a whole lot of chefs) The sign of the Vice Shop (gift shop) reminds me of the signs found in the game,  BioShock (or at least the style and font does). The guy at the counter was chill and pretty cool. There's also a pharmacy located in the Vice Shop.Pretty awesome place overall but I think there's still some things that could be possibly improved.
3	I accompanied four people to the Studio B Buffet for dinner on a Monday night.  The line was amazingly long- we waited about an hour to get in.  When we finally got inside we were seated near huge glass windows that showed us the night view of the Strip- very pretty!  There is a large international selection of foods at the buffet, and most of the fare tasted fine. Nothing was spectacular, and nothing was horrible. The deserts looked and tasted like the standard array you get at the casinos buffets. The meal came to about $100 for the five of us.The casino itself is nicely-designed, although casinos tend to all look alike. The one thing that made this casino a little different was the self-service beverage station. Instead of waiting for a scantily clad woman to bring you your drink, those who prefer non-alcoholic beverages can service themselves.  Unfortunately, patrons can be slobs, so the station was sloppy. Too bad people have to ruin a good thing.My opinion of M is that it is nice-looking and offers a nice off-Strip place for locals to visit. I wouldn't want to stay there if I were visiting Vegas because I'd rather be on the Strip where all the action is, but if you want to be away from the Strip and still have the casino experience, this would do. As for the buffet, though I liked it, it is not worth more than 15 minutes in line.
4	Wow, really nice in here.  We stopped by for gambling and drinks, and honestly this was a nice drift from the main strip.  Everyone was really attentive to us, and it didn't take forever to get our complimentary drinks (although we paid for them many times over in the slots/tables).  We had a great time at the craps tables, and the dealers were a lot of fun.  On a fun note, my sister made out as the old men kept donating funds to her gambling endeavors, so she was quite happy.  Too bad I'm not a size 0 with perky boobs.
5	A very new and nice casino/resort. I didn't get a chance to stay in a room on my day trip here but the casino was clean and exciting. Table games with $5 minimums with plasmas over every other table displayed live sports games. Another cool part about this place is that they offer complimentary fountain drinks! They have self-serve drink stations in a couple places around the casino which include Powerade! I also checked out their pool area which had day beds in the middle. Nice place to wade around and relax with drink servers and lifeguards on duty.Nice place, lots of business potential.
5	After reading some reviews online and also hearing about it from some friends, I decided to try The M Resort Buffet.  I had high expectations being that my friends raved about this place.  I must say.. it met all my expectations.  The spread was amazing.  The free beer and wine are always appreciated.  everything is prepared right in front of you.  What else could you ask for?  I didnt go on Seafood night, but I suspect that would make me want to rate as 6 stars.  The service was great.  The only downfall was the wait in line.  However... after the meal I felt like it was well worth it.  i think its safe to say this... goodbye stations and south point, Hello M Resort.
5	beautiful beautiful resort. found out about this place because i attended a wedding here and i am in love. great room, great pool, and especially great restaurants. in my room, the bathtub has a view of the strip so it was nice to just relax and look at the nightscape. lots of room amenities. pool is amazing. very modern. day beds to lounge around on. quality of food is top notch here. baby cakes is my new favorite sweets place. baby cakes, i heart you! only thing is that it's a bit far from the strip and the shuttle doesn't run often. cab costs $40+ from airport to here so make sure you catch the shuttle or come with a car. shuttle runs every other hour to Fashion Island and the airport.on a random note, the carpet is so new that i kept getting fuzz on the heels of my stilettos. by the end of the night, my shoes looked like it had grown a beard. =P.
1	RUDEST, MOST HORRIBLE SERVICE EVER.  I WOULD NEVER GO BACK.I am not generally the type to complain at high-end hotels if the service if less than impeccable but M resort was so rude and unprofessional I do not want anyone to spend there money here unnecessarily.I booked a room under my name with my fiancee's credit card and after we ate at one of the cafes in the resort, I was called three times by the cafe to inform us my fiancee was not authorized to make room charges. AT 11:45 at night I was told I needed to come down to the cafe to fix the non-existent billing problem.  I was already in bed and refused to get dressed and to go downstairs.As if the midnight call were not worse enough, the next day I requested a late check out because I was filming a major TV episode at M resort the next day and was told if my bags were not out of the room by 12:00pm the next day we would be charged.  Considering the TV show will give the resort lots of good publicity I cannot believe they were so rude when I made a simple request.  I would NEVER go back here even though the resort itself was modern and beautiful.  I cannot tolerate rude, unprofessional, unaccomodating service.
4	I was planning a last minute trip to Vegas, and came across The M Resort by chance...and what a good chance it turned out to be.I've been to Vegas a lot, and I didn't want to stay on the strip, I wanted to be away from it all and just relax and enjoy some time by a pool. I got all of that here!All of the staff that we encountered were very pleasant and helpful. Check in was a breeze, and we had a lovely room with a view North towards the Strip. The bathtub also looked out towards the Strip, which was pretty cool!I got a chance to use the fitness center in the morning, and it was nice. Everything was clean and new, and they have great machines. Then my boyfriend and I proceeded to spend several hours by the pool, and it was a delight. My only complaint for the entire 2 days was this: it took forever to get the poolside waitress's attention. She walked near us quite a few times, and short of throwing something at her (which I wouldn't do, but I think that may have been the only way to get her attention), I couldn't get her to look at me. It was like she was actively ignoring me. After finally getting her attention and getting some drinks, she looked at us every time she passed us by.Another cool thing I really liked was the complimentary beverage stations in the casino. Self serve sodas always available. A very cool idea.I'm looking forward to going here again.
1	Very beatiful place, friendly staff, BUT, there is a $27 charge per night for use of pool, fitness center, wifi, and turn down service.  They only did the turn down 1 of 3 nights, left out the water bottles  which we were told would be included, the wifi is slow, we didn't use the fitness center, was too windy to use the pool, seemed to be windy here all the time, though down on the strip was not.   The housekeeping service never cleaned our room, the AC in the room was set to 60 degrees, but never managed to cool the room cooler than 77 or so, too hot for me to sleep.The complimentary drink stations are nice, but the slots are tight as hell, never saw a slot machine pay out anything the whole trip, but that's fine, its the extra charges they don't tell you about and that don't get you very much that make me upset.  So, don't expect to get everything they tell you, they didn't mention the $27 was per night, so that can add up quick if your staying more than a night or two.  Next time we will stay somewhere that doesn't charge the extra fee but still manages to clean your room and make your bed.
4	AWESOME spa facilities. I ate half my weight in fruit (plums, pears, asian pears, bananas) and drank the other half of my weight in Perrier. There are cold cucumbers in the spa area for your tired eyes. It's totally worth the resort fee of $25. The bathrooms in the rooms are ... interesting. You have to see it to believe it. It's super far off the strip so it's nice that M does really work to make you stay. The wine bar concept in the cellar is really cool. They have wine vending machines.
5	This place is great! Even though it's like out in the middle of nowhere, this hotel is really nice. They have good design inside. very elegant. We got mid-night snack at  Red Cup cafe. They have good deals that's 50%. I'd ordered a sandwhich, but can't remember what it's called but it was really good. It's one of the popular sandwich and of the few selected 50% off. The onion rings were huge and hit the spot. Afterward, we went to Hostile Grape wine cellar. You purchase a card, I think it cost $5, and you add money on it. Then, you can go around their selection and chose what you want to drink. You can try a sample or get a cup of wine if you really like it. This is really nice, because you can just taste a little here and there. I think you need to put at least $20 on the card minimum. So, I think this is a good place for locals, because they can go back whenever to use the card.
5	I'm so happy to finally have found a property in Vegas that I know my company will be using again, again, and again. The M is brand spanking new -- only opened a little over two months ago -- but wow, are they starting off strong! It's a beautiful resort with the most amazing staff ever, incredible catering, and all the luxuries of the Strip without actually being in the middle of all the filth. The M is about a 15 minute drive from the Strip, right down Las Vegas Blvd. They offer an hourly shuttle so you can go get your fix and retreat. I loved the view from the floor-to-ceiling windows in our room that showed the lit up view of the Strip from a distance and the M's killer pool. They have a big stage overlooking the pool area for concerts, and we lucked out to catch a reggae show there one night.Can I say just one more time how much I loooooved the staff at this place? Don't let the front desk people deter you (they're still working on stepping up their game), every single person in this hotel will do backflips to make sure you're having the best time ever. Highly recommend checking out: the pool, casino (great raffle giveaways!! they were giving out Lexuses last week!), the ginormous buffet at Studio B, the luxurious spa, and the super cool wine tasting bar. Oh yeah, and their room service is delish & inexpensive. Couldn't be better!!
4	The M Resort is the first place you'll spot if you're driving into Vegas. I was pretty impressed with my first visit here. Some of things that I liked are the following: The lobby has beautiful real lilies on the wall. They have complimentary drinks that are self serve in the main casino. They have TVs around the main casino that showcase live sports games. The buffet is superb! The buffet on Fridays, Saturdays and Sunday is a seafood buffet priced at around $27. They have an abundant amount of crab legs, different types of sushi, shrimp, salmon, mahi mahi etc. The buffet is international and so you have your pick of what types of food you want to sample from around the world. I enjoyed their different types of Thai curry (panang, green, and yellow). I also became an instant fan of tomato soup here. One of the best things about the buffet is the desert section. They have cannolis, gelato, crepes, creme brulee, flan and much, much more. Another bonus point of the buffet is they offer free wine and free cappuccino, lattes and other speciality coffees at their buffet. Lastly, I noticed that within the casino itself they would have a raffle almost every 15 minutes. They would call out the numbers of different casino card holders and the winners would win cool prizes like trips to Big Bear, $10,000 etc. I'm not sure how authentic the raffle is since we noticed the numbers always called out seemed to be a way lower number then what any of the card holders had on their cards (at least for the party I was with =P) but hey if it is for real...it's pretty cool. Anyways this place is pretty rockin! Classy looking and excellent food. I can easily see it working it's way to become a new hot spot for Vegas :)
4	Beer Bar with 99 beers on tap!  I'm so there.This hotel is really beautiful.  I was very impressed.  The architecture alone is very impressive, but the overall design of the place is like WOW and I swear, all the girl cocktail waitresses have GINORMOUS boobs. Nice.I didn't stay here, but spent quite a while gambling and hitting up that beer bar.  I can't wait to come back.  This hotel blows green valley ranch out of the water (local competition).Only downside... no club.  NO CLUB?! What The Hell?!
5	Wow, this place was beautiful.  It has very modern decor.  Casual elegance.  It's very spacious inside, with high ceilings...and GREAT ventilation.  (I hateeee the smell of cigarettes)The pool area was nice.  They had cabanas in the middle of the pool and lawn chairs everyhwere.  We lounged in some chairs inside shallow area of the pool.  There's also a second pool, a bit smaller, but similar in design. O M G.  the BUFFET!!!!  OHHH the buffet.  I think I had 4 plates of food.  1.  All you can drink WINE and BEER!2.  Oysters on half shell3.  Crab legs4.  Shrimp Cocktail5.  Every kind of rotisserie meat6.  Gelato Bar and huge dessert section7.  Espresso bar/cappucino/etc8.  Sushi9.  Plus all the other great standard buffet foodPrice:  $25~!!!!It's a bit far from the strip.  About a 10-15 minute drive.  But you should deffff check it out if you have a chance!
4	Went out to visit this new hotel in vegas on my last trip.  The hotel looks pretty nice and being far from the strip the casino isn't as jam packed which is good if your looking to gamble and want a choice as to what table you play at.  One of my most favorite things there is the Serve Yourself soda....instead of flagging down someone you can simply go get it yourself.  The hotel looks really nice and it would be interesting to stay there to try it out.
5	Loved this place!!  Checked in and a gentleman by the name of Samuel gave us a room upgrade from a resort room to a one bedroom suite!!!!!!!!!!  So kind of him.  Stayed here two nights.  The room was amazing!  From the floor to ceiling windows with automatic shades overlooking the beautiful austere mountain landscape to the bathroom with its separate steam shower and soaking tub with a window in front of it, I was more than pleased!  The bed was comfortable, the room super quiet, Bose wave music system, and the rest of the property stunning like sky lights in the casino, great ventilation system for us NON SMOKERS,   complimentary soda fountain bar, and reasonably priced restaurants,  I would stay here again for sure!
4	I didn't get to stay in this hotel, but we did get to enjoy the pool and walk through the hotel to check it out. They have two pools, the huge one where most people go, and a side one that we deemed the party pool. Both have bars and I think the big pool is super awesome to play in. We had a cabana on the party pool side and I know why they call it that.  The pool is much smaller, and it's only 4 feet deep everywhere [good thinking] but the music was awesome and blared out of speakers around the cabana. A million people are dancing and drinking around the pool.  Even when you're laying out for a tan, you can't help moving something to the beat. The inside lobby is beautiful. The front lobby has a wall of real flowers and we just walked around taking pictures in awe.
4	We spent an afternoon here last week and we loved it.  It is very modern.  The staff were very friendly and the buffet is excellent.  We would probably stay here if we could get a good rate.
5	A friend was inviting for a cabana party and came across The M Resort just about 10-15 minutes from the Strip. Little did I know that my sister who now lives in Vegas lives not even 5 minutes away from the resort itself. I like the name because it is the firs initial of my name. Hahahaa...The place was spectacular! Very modern, chic, elegant and sophisticated all into one. It was roomy with high ceilings, and there is a wine cellar and views of the valley. This horizontally stunning glass-framed hotel is a destination for both local and visitors. I walked by the front lobby and there is a wall of hundreds of real white calla lilies to the M's U-shaped design and overlooks the Villagio Del Sole Pool and Entertainment Piazza. The Daydream pool is a little smaller but has cabanas for rent. This is amazing since it has its own tv and shade and sofas for total relaxation. The servers are good they make sure you are getting what you need. They have a DJ playing music but when I went there he was playing soft music. The crowd was more of like college students and well off. I am pretty sure they want to hear more of an upbeat music than elevator music. I had like 3 pina coladas with rum. It was delicious! They serve them big and it was a little hard to finish since it was like a frozen alcoholic drink smoothie type. But overall it was cool! Beautiful people surrounding you can't get better than this! A must try.
5	I have stayed at many, many hotels in Las Vegas, and I have to say that the M is one of the best.  I booked a room for a Thursday night, just to get away for the evening.  The M had a fantastic rate of $55.  The M is south of the strip, but the local is nice and gives you a nice distant view of the strip at night.  The hotel itself is beautiful; one of the best looking in town, maybe the best depending on your taste.  The staff was incredibly friendly.  The staff at the Wynn is always great, but there is always a little rush to them.  The M isn't nearly as busy, so they really provide great, un-rushed service.  The room was incredibly nice.  After spending the night, playing with the TV and shower, I can honestly say that this is among the nicest rooms in Vegas.  I would say that the only thing that the Wynn would have over the M is plusher towels and robes, although the M's towels and robes were better than 90% of the hotels on the strip.We ate at Veloce, which is on top of the hotel and features a very nice view of the strip.  The food was fantastic, and the service near perfect.  The steaks were among the best in the city.  Make sure to try the Kobe beef sliders, they're great.  I should say that the price for Veloce is not quite the bargain the M is for hotel rooms, but they were fair.I don't really gamble often, but I would say that the M is going to offer a better experience in that area as well.  Places for locals have loser slots, more free play offers, and better odds on tables.  Plus, everything is new, so you have the latest machines.Cons: Away from the strip.  This means that if you're from out of town, and want to go to a show or anything on the strip, you're taking a cab.  And if you're taking a cab from the airport, it's going to be an extra $4.   And the shampoo bottle is a little difficult to squeeze.  (that's how nit picky I have to be to find a negative) Pros: The price, near 5-star hotel for under $60!  I love this city.  The distance is also a bit of a plus because its' quiet.  If you're looking for a true resort type setting, this will be much better than a strip hotel.  It's nice to eat a nice quiet dinner, but still have the strip to look at.  And a big plus is the free WiFi.  This may not be important to some, but considering it's $15+ in most hotels here, this is a nice bonus.  Plus, the Internet was very fast here, which is never the case on the strip.  If you're visiting from out of town, and use WiFi, trust me when I say that this may be the place to stay if you don't want the stress of a very slow connection.  And the price you save in WiFi will more than cover the extra cab fair.In summary, the M is a fantastic hotel with great restaurants, and offers a true resort setting just a few miles from the strip.  The prices are awesome, the rooms are perfect and the food is excellent.
5	This place is probably the nicest hotel I have ever been to. For 150-160 for friday and saturday a night what you get is unbelievable. They charge you you a 25 dollar service fee per night but it pays for internet, spa, pool, parking, etc.They have a bar that has 99 beers on tap, a place called the Hostile Grape where you a buy 1,2,4 oz tastings of wine from a refrigerated wall dispenser. The wine selection is endless. also their reward points system is pretty good also. I tried some of their restaurants and the food is outstanding.We are definitely going back this time for more than to day. no need to even visit the strip. Oh yea and the pool is gorgeous also.
5	The "M" Resort, dares to ask the others in Vegas to step up to the plate.What they offer is so much for so little in this new, ultra high tech, but not sterile resort. I had read other reviews on the M and I have to say that I was not in the least disappointed. From the spacious and open lobby to the trendy bars and eating establishments, the M Resort takes affordable Luxury up a notch. I can only imagine once the word gets out, that the Big Hotels on the strip will take heed to this newcomer and have to offer more value to compete!The rooms are spacious, comfortable and ultra hi-tech with energy saving features and even a built in TV screen in the bathroom mirror that appears like magic with the click of a remote.The Casino is large and the ventillation system is so good (and again, hi-tech) that even stting at a table next to a smoker did not offend!Table minimums were designed to please everyone and the dealers were friendly and acted truly happy to be employed at the M Resort..unlike some of their surly counterparts at some of those overblown mega hotels on the Strip.I am looking forward to another trip to My New Favorite place to stay in Las Vegas. By the way, to me, it's a big PLUS that it sits away from the traffic, congestion and general annoyance that has become the Las Vegas Strip. Its a breath of fresh desert air far enough away to feel like a destination, close enough if you really must go into the maddness to catch that show.Me, I would rather listen to the talented Bella Rumore play classic rock with the sensibilities of electric violins and violas! Now, that's a show!
2	M Resort is special I am beyond impressed with it's design, one of my favorite casinos in Las Vegas aesthetically .Customer Service gets * (one star) from me.I wrote a review on the pools same thing here wonderful set up awful customer service, not bad but awful. So we wanted to stay at the hotel pretend to be the tourist for a change we got my Mom a room here and decided we'd really give M a chance!List of things that went wrong:1) Hectic day we don't even check in until 3:40 pm,... go to check in all is well till we get to our room (we had booked a room with a strip view instead we where looking at the ugly south side of the strip- no view at all really).2) My sister goes down there thinking it'll be an easy fix,...she gets near the front desk when the concierge (Mario) started helping out and taking people from the line including her. She calls me on the cell to come down stairs because he isn't being helpful at all. After explaining to him and personally showing him the website we booked through guarantees a strip view,... picture and in writing for that cost- he doesn't help at all. He calls up the third party company and hands the phone to me. I'm like why is this company going to care if I'm upset- this is NOT their hotel you are the ones who should care, all we want to do is walk 4 feet across the hallway to another room. (mind you this was on a not so busy Thursday evening... at other hotels this would never be such a big deal palms will move you for much less of an issue then this)....So Mario rolls his eyes at me when I tell him we're locals and all we want is to show my Mom who's visiting a good time. Beyond rude! After spending a good 10 min going back and forth with this guy we get frustrated and give up (prob. should have asked for a manager in retrospect) but we wanted to make it to the spa before it closed at 7pm. So totally angry we trot back up to our room.3) The lights won't come on.... OKAY, lets take a ride back down the elevator back to the lobby... "Wow this is getting to be pretty stupid!" Where we end up talking to a lady from security instead of a front desk agent this time. She was very helpful but surprised that upon checking in nobody told us that the lights in the room will not turn on unless you place your room card into a slot on the side of the wall which we couldn't even see in the dark. "Thanks!"4) Our bathroom tv actually won't work.5) We ask housekeeping to come bring amenities and water (after reading that the 25.00 resort fee included water) we left to get dinner and bring it back to the room to hang out. After being gone a good hour or more and having left Mom there to answer the door should housekeeping come... no water no amenities including no TP was ever delivered.6) Call house keeping again,... ask again. They take another hour to bring the amenities but say that we must call the front desk for water sense they no longer do that? It's in the book on the room desk in print. What the heck is this fee even good for...? Can't even have water with dinner?7) Call front desk and on hold (no exaggeration) over an hour. Once we get ahold of someone they tell us the books are old and they no longer give water to their customers rooms. (wait this hotel has only been only a few months and their books are already out of date?) But they brought some up after we said look we  got dinner (even though we'd already ate and dinner was done and over)....8) Fire alarm goes off around 2:30 am,.....wakes everyone up (people are coming out of their rooms trying to figure out if it's for real) about 20 min later after falling back asleep they make a loud announcement that it was a false alarm.----The next day was much better we gambled a bit, went to the pool for awhile (would have been better hadn't the people near us been smoking cigars) what can you do though? We hit up the buffet which was seafood including crab and some sushi and all you can drink beer and wine. Mostly I just think that this hotel has yet to work out it's kinks,... fire the bad seeds, fix the typos, and perhaps no longer book through third parties. That's why Wynn and Encore don't book through third parties so nothing like that ever happens. I hope that with time this place can do that because then staying there would be much more fun!
5	been here 2nd week after it opened..... it's a modernized setting..... enjoyed the buffet and live band..... love the Vig Deli......
4	Overall very lavish, modern and clean.  There are great restaurant choices and the pools/cabanas are awesome.  I'm also impressed how the casino doesn't smell dirty and smoky.The rooms have the same modern aesthetic appeal as the rest of the resort and the beds are super comfy.  Most of the rooms have a nice desert view since it's a ways from the strip and crazy night life.I was told that the walls are a little thin, but I think I was lucky enough to not have neighbors during my stay.  And although I thought the bed/sheets were comfortable, I ended up with two big bruises on my shins from walking into the poorly designed bed frames.  They look nice, but be careful about walking too close to the corners.One other thing, I realize that this is probably not important to 99 percent of the population, but for that one percent who care, don't bother asking for a refrigerator in your room.  The M will provide you with a mini-fridge upon request if it is for medical purposes.  I personally needed it to keep baby's milk cold, which seemed to be a good enough reason for them.  Unfortunately, the mini-fridge they bring to your room is not very cold so it was basically useless to me.  You're better off bringing your own cooler and keeping it stocked with fresh ice.
4	I took advantage of the travelzoo offer and only paid a little over $230 for 3 nights.  The yelp reviews pretty much cover everything about the hotel.  The buffet, service, housekeeping, rooms, etc. were great.  The casino is not big nor small.  There is $5 blackjack and roulette at certain days and times.  There were a few areas in the casino where it was still under construction.  I can tell there were problems with the atm/cash redemption machine because I encountered one of them where it did not spit out enough money.  The supervisor was running from one atm/cash redemption machine to another to fix the situations.As for the restaurants, I did try the Red Cup Cafe and the Studio B buffet.  The buffet exceeded my expectations and I think is one of the best.  Take advantage of the player's card as it gives you a few dollars off the buffet.  I ate at the Red Cup Cafe to satisfy my late 2am appetite.  I expected a mediocre taste in the meal from Red Cup Cafe, but was slightly above that.  Expect high winds in this area, which can make it uncomfortable to lay poolside.  I did have a neighbor next to me, but couldn't hear them.  Although, I could hear people talk in the hallways and hear doors slam, which can be very disturbing.
5	You'll still lose money here - but at least you'll be comfortable doing it ;)First off, yes it's off the strip - well technically, it is on Las Vegas Blvd., but it's so far south that it's technically in Henderson, NV. However, if you find Vegas to be a little trashy - like a giant frat party - then please consider a new way to experience the most decadent city in the world.The M Resort and Spa is an oasis - a billion dollar hotel absolutely on  par with the Bellagio and the Wynn. The rooms are ultra modern and ultra comfy with over-sized shower and jet tubs and floor-to-ceiling windows boasting expansive views of the Vegas lights. There's a private gym and amazing spa (included in your $25/ day resort fee), an enormous outdoor pool, a separate adults-only pool/ club, and of course a huge gaming area with anything and everything you need to throw your hard earned money away!The Studio B buffet is pretty excellent - quality top-notch food without the nasty fillers you find at other buffets in town (but the word is out, so expect LONG lines). Overall the buffet food is some of the best I've had in Vegas, and the dessert is awesome. There's also a great diner with decent prices and great food - and the room service is excellent and really moderately priced (don't be afraid to stay in and junk out!).Don't be afraid to ask for anything here - they'll sort you out! We were upgraded and well taken care of during our stay. I would recommend this hotel to couples as it doesn't strike me as a family place, but maybe that's just cause I don't have kids yet - lol ;) The M Resort turned me from Vegas Hater - to - Vegas Lover in 3 short days.** We would get up early and drag ourselves down to the spa to sit in the hot tubs, steam rooms, saunas and leather recliners for a couple hours - all while drinking fresh coffee and eating fresh fruit - and then shower and get ready in their country-club locker room before finally heading up to the buffet for breakfast. I would start everyday of my life this way if given the choice ;)
5	Wow. I was seriously impressed with what I saw of the M Resort.  We were in Vegas recently and went there two separate times. First off... they have 96 different beers on tap - unheard of in a typical casino. Whether you are in the poker room or sitting at a video poker machine, they will bring you any of the beers they have on tap. It was a nice detour from the usual bottles/drafts.  The poker room was good - lots of locals and nice dealers. I could not get a hand on the second day but I won't hold it against the resort. The pool was amazing.  We went the day before Labor Day for a poolside food, drinks, and music festival. They had 2 bands (not too bad - covered 70s to current music), and food and drinks for a very affordable price. $2 glasses of wine? Sold. There are two pools and lots of chairs and gazebos. Plenty of room to stretch out. Speaking of wine, they have a wine bar called Hostile Grape - one of those DIY places where you load your card and walk around and grab pours. The staff was very sweet and we enjoyed trying everything. They even had sake and port. Speaking of the staff - EVERY single person that helped us was nice. The service was amazing. Whether it was a dealer, a bartender, waitstaff, the person cashing your chips, it did not matter. They bent over backwards to help you. No joke. We did not stay there so I can not review the rooms, but maybe someday... M Resort, I will be back.
5	Lisa S. pretty much took the words outta my mouth.  This place is impressive.  It's a gorgeous hotel and has an amazing view of the strip.  We ended our long vacation in Vegas here at The M Resort.  After the craziness of the Strip, this hotel provided us with the R & R we needed.  We visited during the week and it was super mellow.  The pools weren't busy and we were able to score nice lounge chairs in the water.  On Wednesday nights, there's Happy Hour at the pool with complimentary appetizers and drink specials.  The Hostile Grape was fun.  Buffet was decent. Customer service was great.You have got to visit The M Resort soon!
5	This is a very nice place!  We had dinner here and the place is awesome!  Self serve fountain drinks is a great concept....the tables are friendly and the poker room was well set up.  A first class joint off the strip!
4	I'm staying at the M again this weekend, and I am surprised at how many things have gone wrong, primarily in the electronics of the hotel.  My TV keeps cutting off the current program and bringing me back to the main menu, my phone system isn't working properly, which means I have to sometimes use my own mobile phone to call for room service, and the Bose radio won't bring in reception without a ton of static, and it has no iPod connection.I also had to field a numerous interruptions when I decided to extend my stay.  I was proactive and re-booked the room for one more night, and even called down to the front desk to let them know.  But that message didn't seem to get passed on.  Also, don't order the Chicken Tenders from room service, it was awful.
3	The M resort really has it all, tons of resturants, great day spa, fab pool and top chef las vegas is filmed here. PLUS it's literally 5 minutes from my house. The red cup cafe is open late and M bar's rock! Located off the strip, so it's so much cheaper for everything. Drinks, food, and their pool cabana's are dirt cheappppppppp, big, & brand spanking new! The cabana was the same price as a day bed at  high end hotels on the strip. (wet republic, moorea beach club ect.)Plus it's mostly locals hanging out, loves it!Guys, their cocktail waitress's are BEAUTIFUL ;)
1	Have been coming here since they opened. They Have slowly cut back on lots of things,But now the Buffett is not the same in the am it is served out of 5-7 warming plates in the coffee shop , smaller options for food but price did not go down!!!!! Will not be going back to the m.
5	buffet was MAGNIFICENT.It is GUARANTEED that you WILL experience a food coma. (but its all worth it!!)never thought i would ever give 5 stars to any type of buffet..NEVER.Id say there are about a 100 selections of food and it was international.You can have all the different types of meat & seafood in the world. I love how they had about 5-6 selections of soup..hahaha. I wish I got to try one of them though.The best part for me was the dessert!!!!! You have about 30 choices to choose from. The dessert are tasting size portions, so you have the advantage of stuffing yourself silly. They looked so so so cute too & it was DELICIOUS. I had the creme brulee, tiramisu and molten lava cake. did i meantion that they had gelato??That day, I wish my stomach had expanded so huge that a cow could live in my tummy. I didnt get to have much..so I watched my family eat their faces off.25 bucks each person & it includes WINE AND BEER!!!affordable, enjoyable at a beautiful, beautiful casino!now, book a flight or drive to vegas & enjoy!!
4	So far my only experience is the buffet (I'm not a buffet person, especially having been brought up in both Vegas and my native Orange County) BUT as a guest of my niece and her husband, we had dinner and drinks at the buffet and it's very nice.  Beer and wine with the buffet is a great plus and the M does have nice food, desserts and atmosphere.  Go for it especially for lack of the huslte and bustle of downtown or the Strip!
4	I would stay here again. Great if paired with a rental car.Things to know:Very far from the strip, but there is a free shuttle which takes you to FashionShow (a shopping mall on the strip). Unfortunately the shuttle schedule just does not cut it. If I was managing this place I would mitigate the distance from the strip by increasing the frequency of the shuttle.The gym (lets call it a gym spa) is great. I had to pay a 15 dollar fee to use it. At first I was not happy, however once I enter the place I realized this was no after thought gym. The 42 inch LCD you cant hook you anything to it :-(. Once of the nicest bathrooms I have had in a hotel. Excellent desk to work off of (wireless and wired connection).I don't get the Las Vegas skivvy vibe at this hotel.
5	My #1 goal in life is to own a place like this....where the staff acts like they care that you have a good time, like they somewhat enjoy being there and it isn't just "work"....and where the product, the hotel itself is simply amazing.As you walk through this place the waitresses and everyone you pass that works for the hotel makes eye contact and smiles at you....of course they're supposed to, but it's a great touch I haven't found anywhere else in vegas.Nothing is earth shattering....or over the top....but everything is NICE, and well thought out and the price is right.I play poker professionally and the poker room is great.  Great dealers and players are friendly and not total d-bags like most of them are (sigh occupational hazard)I love to eat and entertain a bit and Veloce on the top of the hotel is fantastic (great service and menu, try the sliders or the sushi).I can't wait to move away just so I can come back to try the rooms out!Needless to say I think this is simply the best hotel in vegas.  Keep up the good work M Resort and Staff.
2	There was so much hype when this place opened I finally rolled in here to check it out.  It was okay but it's so far away from everything civilized that it's hard to imagine people bother to come out this far.  It's set up in such an odd way I got all turned around, there are doors all over which is nice, unless you can't remember which one you came in through.  I walked around for a while looking for a pai gow game but came up short.  Later when I was leaving I noticed a small pit tucked away behind some lounge that takes up a big portion of the casino.  I'm not a fan of the modern look and maybe that's why this casino seems so cold and uninviting to me.  The coffee at Baby Cakes was good but I won't bother coming out here again.
5	Love this place!  Way off the strip but if you don't want to see that 3am streaker running in the fast lane against traffic yelling he knows how the pyramids are built while cutting himself and sneezing excitement... it's a good place to be.Btw, an amazing buffet.  Hand to God, I had 5 plates and couldn't stop.  I think they laced it with something but still an array assortment of outstanding quality food.
5	Monster buffet with many very high quality items at a very reasonable price. Plus the setting of the buffet (a big circle) was incredibly inviting and pleasant. We felt *invited* to sit there for 3 hours. The service was excellent.NY strip, lamp chops, prime rib, all actually edible and flavorful! I loved the penne bolognese and the meatballs too. The salmon in the japanese section by the sushi was also a winner, while the salmon cooked on bamboo planks was more of a gimmick than anything else. The salads were super fresh. Beer and wine included (with thomas kemper on tap for mom!).Coffee drinks made to order, with a shot of your favorite liqueur!The desserts...well, i can "only" speak for the flan, the crepes, the gelato,  the tiramisu, the creme brulee, and the parfait when I say "damned delicious". If I had more room I would have tried the chocolate souffle.Diggity!
5	We live out near the M resort and we are new to Vegas, i had never been here so i decided to spend most of my time the first few months checking out the strip and figuring out what it had to offer. The only downside was that everytime i would get home i smelled like cigarettes and that pungent smell of old women covered in Liz Claiborne. UGGHHHH. So we decided to check out the M. I had heard tons of good things about it and they recently filmed Top Chef there. The first time i went there was in the afternoon and it was not that busy, my first impression of the place was great, Not smokey, Newer look and feel, and you dont have to sit at a slot machine and wait for a waitress to come by to ask for a soda. They have compimanetary drink stations throughout the casino that are self serve so you save the tip. The few times we have played slots there they seemed to pay out better than the strip casinos and the atmosphere is always great. I would recommend this place to any visitor, they also offer shuttles to the strip and the room rates seem to be lower than most strip locations.
5	This must be the best kept secret in Vegas...but I hope not for long. My fiance and I are staying at a timeshare located about 5 miles away from this place.  We could see it in the distance and it was recommended by a timeshare sales consultant for food and gambling. Glad we listened to her.  This place is gorgeous.  When you walk into the lobby, for a minute you forget this is a casino hotel.  The "action" is kept far way enough to keep your first visit to the lobby very impressive.  There is a wine cellar on site for tastings which also offers it's own entertainment.  Upstairs off the lobby is a little lounge area that also offers live entertainment.  My fiance and I at ate the Red Cup Cafe for a late nite dinner (we were still on eastern time) and it was delicious with huge portions.  I ended bringing it back to our timeshare.  We went back the next day with my Mom and sister for lunch.  They too enjoyed it.  Now I will say during lunch with plenty of empty tables, they were slow in seating us.  I think we came during a shift change however I will stick with my 5 star rating.They go through a lot of trouble in keeping this place smelling good. While smoking is allowed, there are plenty of areas to escape for the smelly elements.  If you are a sports fan and love to bet on games.  Visit their sports facility.  You can have your own desk and monitor to watch the game You want to see! My fiance and I tried to peek at their ballrooms.  I have been totally against doing a destination wedding much less a tacky Vegas wedding HOWEVER I may just change my mind.  I would so do it at M. Still waiting to hear from their sales and catering staff.  Sent an email late Wednesday so I hope to hear from them soon.Beautiful spa (at least from the outside) and extremely reasonable prices for Vegas. Room massages are offered for less than $100.00!!!  Now for my favorite place inside of M.  Babycakes Cafe.  There is a nice selection of gelatos (which seem big in Vegas) and very cutsey desserts.  If you need to get away from the gambling but you do not want to hang out in their bars, wine cellar or spa then you can escape here.  Please visit this place.  My fiance and I hope to have dinner here on our last nite.  When we come back to Vegas, this will definitely be on our must see list.Also if you are thinking of having a corporate event in Vegas but want to keep it off the strip, give this place a call.  They do have a conference center ready and waiting!
4	Went to Vegas completely last minute. We booked a room that day and drove out 3 hrs later. We stayed at the M Resort (home of the Top Chef Season 6) and glad it wsan't just hype from the show. It was great. It wasn't so outrageously crowded like it is on the strip but still has all the amenities. Everyone was super nice and everyone greeted you as you walked around. We even had someone show us the pools even though it wasn't allowed. The room we stayed in was just perfect for two and we also LOVED the unlimited drinking fountain at the casino. Free of charge! They even have a non-smoking casino section. The whole place was beautifully decorated yet understated at the same time.  The only complaint we had was the food on the 16th floor. Maybe it's our taste buds but we thought it was way too salty. So much for a late-night snack.  We definitely recommend it and it's only a 10 min drive to the strip (I recommend the fwy rather than driving directly down LV Blvd). By the way I LOVE the pool area. I hope I can check out a concert there one day.
4	I usually go here to play poker. I find it relaxing and pleasant especially with the staff and the local players
1	Came here on Monday to have a breakfast buffet...but unfortunately they had to move the location at Red Hat Cafe for breakfast buffet which is next door to its original gigantic location....I was very disappointed to what we had experience for that breakfast buffet...its like goin in to the holiday inn express continental buffet...in which holiday Inn is way "Better"...its so pathetic that you cant order Orange Juice with your breakfast which you would think is a standard item in the breakfast buffet...well waiter said that if you want want You gonna have to pay extra...WOW!!!Here's the other thing too, they cant keep up with the customers, its not even alot that morning but the buffet table was empty and you had to wait for them to refill the eggs...etc.....oh yeah did I mention NO TOAST too!!!....I meant everything...I think I could have enjoy myself better going to IHOP with better service...besides all the waiters and servers are super slow!!! My grandma had to ask the waiter for some strawberries coz they ran out right...so guess what, the waiter went to the back kitchen and got her about 3 pieces of strawberries(its like begging for food)...PATHETIC AND DISGRACE!If they are slow in breakfast buffet...might as well take it out on your list because it certainly is PATHETIC!
4	What can I say about The M that hasn't already been said? Oh yeah, they have  FREE SELF-SERVE FOUNTAIN DRINKS in the casino!! How awesome is that??? Even better, they have FRESCA on tap, people. FRESCAAAAAA!!! No waiting around for cocktail waitresses, no tipping, just walk your happy self over and get some. They have Coke AND Pepsi products. This place was designed really well, too. It's a very modern environment that's comfortable to walk around and play in. Plus it is one of the few major casinos that will still have $5 blackjack. I don't know when it became uncool to have $5 games, but for some reason Vegas limits have gone UP in the recession. Not true for the M! $5 is the name of the game out here, be it craps or blackjack. Their rewards club seems pretty good too. You can trade points in for stuff with just 500 points! You also get a buffet discount. Speaking of the buffet this one is the best, Jerry, the best! About $20 gets you some really good quality food, a huge variety, free unlimited beer/wine, great dessert selection and a cool environment to enjoy it all in. Their orange chicken was the best I ever had, even better than Panda Express! If you're in town, check out the M for a great off-the-strip experience.
4	M stands for MAGNIFICENT...it ain't the Venetian or Bellagio but it's pretty darn awesome!  I'd stay here again in a heart beat...the rooms were so nice and it just felt clean.  The service there is top notch and they even have a FREE SELF-SERVE FOUNTAIN DRINK Station!!!  We had the buffet for dinner and OMG...SO GOOD!!  We waited for over an hour but it was worth the wait!  I think I could have stayed there the whole weekend and not even venture onto the strip.  Played craps there and everyone was sooo nice!  If you haven't tried the M - TRY IT...you won't be disappointed. :)
5	Hotel and casino is nice!!  Sing up for a card and we got a free buffet.  They also have free soda station in the casino.  Place is brand new so everything is modern and nice.  Table are nice.  You don't smell the smoke all over the place.  Hostess are nice.  Buffet give you free beer and wine!!!  Only bad part is thats its so far from the strip.
5	Best Bloody Mary's in the area!!! BIG TALL casino drinks, Best slot drinks tended around!No complaints!This hotel is just Beautiful EVERYTHING!
5	I am soooo surprised this Resort is not reviewed yet!!!! We came here on a special through Travelzoo.com and paid $65.00 a night because it was a special for the Christmas weekend. Let me just say that I was blown away by the standards of this Hotel and Resort. It has been open for 9 months and is amazing!!!!! The room is plush, the bathrooms has a tub with this that you can see through this glass window and if you want privacy there is a shade that is remote to you. The is a TV and seperate enclosure for the toilet and the shower. And believe me..... I am really anal about bathrooms. The view of our room is the strip with the largest decorated Christmas tree! Killer view and right below that is the pool that has unique design. You basically do not have to leave the hotel. Great spot for a romantic weekend getaway! Will not think twice about coming back again! Much better than staying on that crowded strip.... it just 9 miles away. So not that far!
5	We had the buffet there, the price (lunch $14.95,including beer and wine) and food were excellent, very impressive on how they can provide such a selection of food. Very much enjoy it and will go back there again soon !!
4	A good alternative if you don't need to be on the strip. The ambience is pleasant and comforting. The buffet offer tremendous value with great variety and good food, and a bargain price.
4	Where would a guy who you've known for less than a week and desperately wants to impress you take you?  Apparently the M.  I have to say I was kind of impressed.  It is beautiful and the Christmas decorations are beautiful and classy.  The room was chic and comfortable.  I was told there would be two beds and suddenly we were in a room with one king size.  Someone thought he was getting lucky.  There was a decent selection of movies to order on the flat screen.  The bathroom was magical.  It had an amazing tub with a window in front of it so you could see through the room and out of the window (or someone could have a view of you in the tub..heyo!).  If you want to impress a lady friend, I have to say I enjoyed it.  Now if I could only remember his name....jk.
4	One of the best buffets I've been to in Vegas. This place is off strip, so you don't get too many tourists coming here. Which means...the line isn't long!Supposedly it's cheaper, but it was $30/person when we got there the day after New Year. Special, I guess? Either way, it was worth it. Snow crab, oysters, shrimp cocktail, Thai curry, beef stroganoff, and other stuff I can't remember right now were on my plate at some point.The meringues were so good I ended up eating them in the line to the gelato.
5	best buffet i've ate at. a little bit off the strip, but totally worth it for the food. free beer and wine. all u can eat raw oysters and fresh WARM/hot crab versus the cold ones at other buffets. 23 flavors of gelato and they even offer prepared cappuccinos even served w ballys if you ask. i'm not sure i would come back here as i waited 2 hours to eat here w my party of 11, but i won 150 bucks on the nickel slots here so im not complaining. they offer a variety of asian cuisine i noticed... w pad thai, curry, krn spare ribs, chinese, and japanese food. i forgot to mention their chocolate souffle and the creme brulee was wonderful. you know it must be a good deal with good food when theres a line of 50 asian families.
4	As far as hotel rooms are concerned, the M Resort far surpassed my expectations. The rooms are cleaner, larger and offer more amenities than most of the hotels on the strip and usually for a much cheaper price. The bathrooms are VERY large (which is good if you're sharing a room with a lot of people. However, the shower window is see-through (just throwing that out there, just in case you're sharing a room with people that you don't want seeing your business!!) This is also one of FEW HOTELS that offers FREE WIFI INTERNET!! That was a HUGE plus for me. All the other hotels on the strip charge you on a daily basis. I have an iPhone so having internet is not a huge issue, but sometimes it's obviously easier to jump on your laptop. On the gambling floor, drink service is usually pretty good. They also have stations around the casino where you can just get water and soft drinks on your own so you don't have to wait for the girls to come around. All in all, a good experience.
2	This hotel and casino is definitely targeted for locals. The style reminds me of CA's casinos (ie; pechanga) where they have stations in the casinos that offers complimentary refreshments (self served). They also have better perks like if you sign up for their player's card, you get $2 off of their buffet price. The interior and exterior of the hotel is clean (better be clean, since it's brand new) and it's very trendy / modern.  The slot machines are new, the chairs are comfy - the hotel smells nice; not heavy w/ smoke. I have a few complaints about the staffs here. 1. they're really slow. they take their time to ring you up at the buffet cash register. And there was only ONE cashier for the whole night!! wth?! if you see a long line forming, why not get another person open up another register to make the process go faster?2. POOR management. My family was there waiting in line for the buffet when the Manager came out and cut my family off and told us to come back at 7pm when the line will die down. He passes out "150 tickets" (per manager's words) and tells these 150 group of ppl to come back at 7pm to wait in line again. Now lets think about this for a minute...I get cut off from the original like.. therefore making me the 1st group of the 7pm line, right? But nooooo... it's a first come first serve basis when 7pm comes along.. people who were waiting in line last of the original line may become first people of the new 7pm line. Now tell me if that is fair or not? Everyone in the line shared the same view. Now by 7pm, there were mobs of ppl trying to get in line.. and angry guests because they have lost their original spots ... families were yelling at other families because now they're arguing about who was there first or who was standing ahead (original line or the new 7pm line?) And remember, the manager cut my family off first.. hence we should be the first people in line at 7pm right? nope!  other groups were ahead of us! The procedure was poorly executed by the manager. Securities even showed up to break up an argument between two different families. So what does this say? It was suppose to be a nice event for everyone. It was suppose to "solve" the long line situation, said the manager. But guess what? It didn't solve anything, instead it created more problems!I personally wanted to give this place 4 stars but after what I had to go through.. this place gets a 2!  It will have to take me awhile to let myself back to this casino - hopefully better experience. But i would like to stay at this hotel some day.. the pool and rooms look amazing.my review for their buffet: http://www.yelp.com/biz/studio-b-buffet-henderson#hrid:_oYjcS_gJh2UxeFWI443lQ
5	I lived in Reno for 9 years, and I've made many a trip to Vegas and stayed at many places  for Spring Break trips or to watch Nevada whip UNLV's ass in football...but I digest.We picked the M because a friend had reccommended it, and we didn't want all the idiocy involved with The Strip. This place impressed us so much from the get-go, that we will never go to The Strip again, and this is our "GO-TO" place in Vegas from now on.32 Degree Draft is a place to get a primo selection of beer for a low price. Not to mention it has a full view of an outstanding sportsbook...ahhhh, football and Franziskaner. The Italian restaurant was the best I had been to in a long time, both for quality of service (our waiter was a riot) and quality of food. The oyster bar was just as good (although it was a bit dead when we went). I can't remember the name of it, but there was a hip little bar in the middle of the Casino that had couches and a swank ambience, and the waitress gave us free shots because it was me and the wife's birthday. BONUS. And hell, even the deil's food was great.Oh, and the pool............. :-DI was impressed the day we got there, a Saturday, in August. It was packed, but not so bad that you couldn't get a lounge chair or couldn't get into the pool. But I'll tell you what, when we reserved a cabana the next day, it was PHENOMENAL. We had 1st class service, our own cabana with fan, flat screen tv, THE CUBS GAME ON!, a fridge, and an overhead fan/misting system. Not to mention 6 lounge chairs with oversized umbrellas. We wouldn't even get to half-full/empty on our drinks (which soon turned into pitchers of mojitos) before our very scantily-clad, sexy and very friendly cocktail ladies were grabbing us another. It was was HEAVENLY.I reccommend going with a few friends to split up the cost of the cabana (it was $300, but completely worth it), and go on a day when you don't have a whole lot of people. Oh, and warm weather doesn't hurt. ;)I reccommend The M to EVERYONE I talk to who is going to Vegas. It's way off the strip, so if you like the hustle and bustle (and complete buffoonery of downtown), then this place isn't for you. But if you want something classy, low-key, and where you'll be pampered, then hit The M. Heading back in March, BTW.
5	Once you live in Vegas.  After awhile the Strip gets tired and who wants to deal with the traffic if your driving!  I still love the nightlife and energy on the strip once in awhile.  But like most locals we prefer to stay away unless you work around there. The M (Marnell) Resort is like my go-to spot for great restaurants/buffet and overall a great place to hang-out and chill to watch sports and play poker.  The Marnell family created and used to own the Rio, which back in the days was known for their overall great service and Village Seafood Buffet, but since they sold it to the Harrah's Corp, it's gone downhill.  Anyways that's a whole another story and review.Sportsbook:  Live-in game betting for NFL games.  Great selection of TV's around the area showing the featured games.  The Vig Deli next door has decent food for under $10.  My favorite is the spaghetti and meatballs.Poker room:  Very relaxing and not really noisy relatively speaking.  Great dealers...comfortable chairs...low limits...primarily 1/2 NL or 3/6 Limit.  Veloce Cibo on the 16th floor has an awesome view of the strip and quality seafood/sushi.  Great place to take friends and family from out of town visiting away from the strip. Overall great atmosphere.  Everybody working there are friendly and helpful.  Beautiful cocktail ladies.  They even have non-smoking gaming areas.  What other casino you know has that option?  When you walk around it doesn't really smell like cigarette smoke which I hate.  Much props to the Marnells for doing a great job with air circulation and the lighting.  I've been told the employees are held to a zero tolerance policy....if they're rude to a guest than they're terminated.  If you're not knowing next time you visit Vegas, if you don't mind renting a car to get around.....seriously consider staying at the M.  Top-notch amenities and certainly the best value!
4	M watching Top Chef and noticed that it was filmed here.  So I came to visit just to see how it looks in real person.  And it looks very modern and clean.  It's got a contemporary style.Mportant fact - it's 8 miles from the Las Vegas Strip, so it's good if you want to stay away from the madness and crowds of the LV Strip.Mazing that they offer  free soda fountain drinks in the casino.  How nice that you can grab a drink anytime you want.Mbarassing setup - When you enter the first floor, you can take an elevator to the second floor main lobby or walk up the stairs to the second floor.  However, the elevator goes up into a restaurant so you have to trek you way through the restaurant of people eating their food.  It's almost like how Ikea makes you trek through their departments to go to a checkout counter.  This way, the M Resort ensures that you visit their restaurant upon entry.Mpossible to miss this hotel since there's no other high rise buildings around this hotel.  It is to the east of the 15 freeway.Mpeccable cleanliness throughout the resort.  Maybe because it's still new, but everything looks clean and inviting.Mpressive beer deals during football season at the Ravello lounge on Sat. and Sun.  We're talking about $1 Coors or Miller Beer and $1 Hot Dogs.Mcredible value at the buffet.  You get a lot of pretty good food (by buffet standards) for the price.My Mpression of this hotel is that it's a cool hotel if you want to stay away from the LV Strip.
4	Stayed here one night for free due to my friend's coworker's addiction to gambling.  At first I was put off bc it was so far from the Strip, but once I saw the room, I didn't care.  The place reminded me of a nicer version of the Palms.  The rooms were pretty spacious and very modern.  We had a 40 something inch flat screen TV in HD along with some cable channels, a nice stereo system, and a cordless and touch screen phone.  The bathroom even had a TV built into the mirror, which you could watch from the tub.   FYI, there's a big window so you can see into the bathroom from the bedroom, but they have a switch next to the tub to bring down an automatic shade so you can bathe in privacy which we didn't notice until much later.  We even had a  nice view of the pool.  Didn't get to try out any of the restaurants but they have a bunch of them to choose from!
5	I am so glad my friend brought us to this Hotel in December. It is far from the strip but worth the visit. Inside the casino, they have high ceilings which enables air circulation, and I wasn't smacked in the face with constant cigarette smoke and just hot air. It was nicely spaced, comfortable breathing, and GREAT PEOPLE! The locals come here and they were fun to play with, as well as the dealers. My time flew by here so quickly and I didnt want to leave! I was so sad we came on our last day in Vegas.Buffet: I signed up for the member card and headed for the buffet, sorry i can't remember what exactly the member card enabled, maybe a discount. But the price was about $25 a person for lunch. Once i walked into the buffet I was even more delighted. The place was nicely decorated, people walking around getting their food, and OH YEAH.... Great SECTION FOR DESERT! they have GELATO, cakes, coffee/espresso, tarts, you name it, its just amazing to walk by it. AND, the wine & beer was unlimited. The food was good the atmosphere ws good & even our waiters/waitresses came and checked on us frequently, but not obnoxiously.Hotel: we walked to the christmas decorations area & it was really beautiful.I will be coming back FOR SURE next time i'm in Vegas
4	I enjoyed staying here quite a bit. The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are very nice. It was quite a far drive from the strip. Las Vegas BLVD is a nightmare to drive on at night. The beds in the rooms are like sleeping on clouds. My boyfriend definitely loved the built-in TV in the mirror, in the bathroom! The deli at the resort is to die for. Boyfriend had the meatball sub. He said its the best meatballs sub he has ever eaten. I don't remember what I had, but it was deliciousssss!
4	When in Las Vegas my wife and I like to visit other casinos to see what they have to offer.  I Didn't do to well at the slots but my wife at least stayed even.  The Resort is one of the newest on the strip at about six miles from the Palazo Resort where we were staying. The M resort reminds me of glass airplane wing sticking up in the air that sweeps westward  The interior is very spacious with high ceilings which I like because it seems to be less smokey in the casino area.  The interior is absolutely  beautiful.  We ate at the deli that had a good selection of  items to choose from but get your drinks just outside the deli in the casino...... their free.Check out Studio B for great eats.  The buffet at $14.95 for lunch, Dinner at $22.95 and Sat/Sun Seafood at $29.95.  Beer, Wine is free with all meals.  I thought the buffet was better that the one we had at Wynn Resort.  I found their selection of dishes to be excellent.  I was even impressed that they had Kalua Pig.  Lines are long.
5	Totally love this local resort. VERY CLASSY and they have windows!! Amazing views of the strip at night.  It's super spacious, you can get your own non-alcoholic drinks at their beverage stations, and their bakery has such a selection of gelato!! Their lobby is beautifully done with draped textiles as ceiling covers and wall shelves lined with beautiful lily flowers! So beautiful. Would love to stay here rather than the strip! Red Cup Cafe is awesome too! I'm pretty sure all the restaurants and lounges have windows!  That's why this place stands out!!!
2	*CASINO ONLY*Really?  Was I in a different M Resort casino?Maybe I'm an idiot, and I'm sure there are those who would agree with that.  But if I were building a new casino, I would incorporate high ceilings and a good ventilation system into the plan.  The casino at M Resort seems so OLD, for a new property.  Old and smoky.  And I am not smoke-sensitive.   Other than that, it's a little claustrophobic feeling, the cocktail servers are attractive and attentive and the video poker is a notch above dismal.  Very busy.  Long line at the rewards counter, long line at the buffet.  Obviously very popular, just not my kind of place.  Will I go back?  Not likely.
5	As I mentioned in my review of Red Rock, the M Resort and Red Rock really stick out to me as my favorite local hotels.  The contemporary decor and the flash without trying to be to flashy is a big plus in my eyes.  The staff at M is also mostly young and hip like the resort which is a huge plus over most of the strip joints and the "old timers" that are rather energy leeches.  Overall, the restaurants serve great food, the Hostile Grape wine lounge I recommend to everyone, and the sports book is perfect in both placement and size.  To this hotels credit I want to point out the best feature of it:The Parking!!!  The garage and the main self park are CONNECTED and EASY to navigate.  You wonder why it took decades for a resort to get it right.  Now, do keep in mind the hotel does lack a kid's quest and is darkly lit at night.  I would go as far as saying it is an adult orientated resort; but then again, what resort isn't.
5	I booked a really good deal when the hotel first opened.  It was around $80 a night, it's probably 3x that now.  It's a wonderful hotel.  As soon as you walk in the sliding doors, you're hit with this amazing fragrant smell.  I think they pump vanilla or gardenia scent through the AC.  It's an instantly calming feeling.  The rooms are really nice.  They're up there with the Wynn, Bellagio, or any other posh hotel.  Big comfy beds, high end amenities, and nice details.  And the rooms have a great view of the Strip.  The casino is really nice too.  It's not smokey and it's a little quieter since it's off the strip.  I've played poker here and it's a good size room with lots of different games going on.  I don't think they had any special jackpots, just the usual.  I haven't had a chance to go to the pool but I have seen it and it looks amazing.  I hope I get a chance to chill pool side one day.  Even though the place is off the strip, it's not ridiculously far to drive.  I love the buffet here.  It beats out my long time favorite at the Rio.  Only downside is there's usually a really long line on Sundays.  There's also this amazing little bakery inside The M.  I think it's called BabyCakes.  Overall, The M Resort is one of my favorite places to stay or visit in Vegas.
4	The good:   Nice hotel room and nice facility.  Reasonable rate.  Got comp for buffet.  Like their pool.  Bad:  Costed about $40 on taxi to come back from strip.   They have shuttle, but it ends at 9:45pm except Satursday night.  Buffet is a bit overrated (does not have sashimi that I like).  Casino doesn't have enough variation in terms of table games.
5	My friends and I have decided that instead of the strip, we are going straight to the M next time!mMMmmmmm...This place is great!  Looks pricey, but definitely affordable for any tourist coming back.  The inside decor is astounding, and makes you feel like you're really living the high life.Casino is great!  I got lucky my first time during slots here, and another great part is that there are COMPLIMENTARY self-serve soft drinks and water.  Sure you can get drinks from the waitresses that walk by, but this one requires no tipping (and is a good alternative if you aren't big on drinking but still want a light refreshment while playing craps).Buffet........AMAZING!  IT IS mMm Mmmmm GOOD!  For weekdays it is $25, and on weekends it is $30 with seafood options.  Not to say that during the week day there aren't, but man, this was probably my favorite affordable buffet in Vegas.  There are so many options, including juicy prime rib and nigiri sushi (salmon, yellowtail and tuna), along with other delicacies.One of the best parts of the buffet?  UNLIMITED DRINKS!!  But of course, tip accordingly, and you won't have the stomach to get drunk from the booze since you'll be eating so much delicious food at the same time.There is also a great wine cellar downstairs that serves as a wonderful lounge.  You can sample wines ($2-$15) and really live the good life here.Definitely a must-experience while in Vegas.
4	Stayed here with my cousin and her friends from LA.First time here, it is a great resort. Heard they have a really great buffet there, we did not go to there, because we did not have the appetite to eat at a buffet.  So opted to have dinner at Terzetto, which we all had different plates, yet we all loved what we ordered.Had brunch at the Red Cup Cafe - the french toast was soooo good!!!Loved the bakery/dessert place they have, I have a big sweet tooth, so had to try their pistachio gelato...yummy :)The ONLY draw back, was that it was far off the strip.  My cab ride from the airport to the resort was I believe $45, not including tip.  So if you add that to and from airport plus getting to the main strip and back....ya that can add up a lot.They had a pretty bar/lounge area, which was perfect with the dim lighting and loungy seating to watch March Madness games.The resort did have a shuttle to and from the main strip, but was on a schedule...soooo we were on the shuttle time = not so great.  I also found out afterwards they can shuttle you to the airport, which you have to calculate the time needing to be at airport with the shuttle schedule time...Overall it was a great experience...minus the traveling to and from the resort.
5	Buffet only:They have the best buffet in Vegas (I guess it's off the strip, so not technically Vegas, but you get the idea). The food was good, as was the selection. The price you can't beat--about $25. They had crab legs, even though it wasn't their "Seafood" buffet (though not quite as fresh as say, the Wynn buffet). What put this buffet in that 5 star category is one simple addition--All you can drink beer and wine.I don't consider myself an alcoholic (maybe a heavy social drinker?). But when it comes to drinking, I'm always down. I would have been satisfied with just this buffet (and given it at least 4 stars for its price). But throw in house wine and beers? For free? That's some good shit right there. In all seriousness, try their House Cider (it was some sort of berry flavor when I went) and their House Lager (crisp and refreshing--perfect with their prime rib). I ended up getting too drunk off their beers to get to their wines, but next time for sure, I'm coming here to try them.
5	BUFFET ONLY... studio B... cheap, good, and a lot of variety... seriously.. the dessert was good and all the food was great.. very cheap buffet in a new hotel where you don't smell like cigarettes.. its off the strip but we had two cars... so check out this place if you want a good, cheap buffet... it beats all the other buffet...
5	i don't even know where to start. a hotel of this caliber in miami would cost triple what we paid for our two unforgettable nights at the M. the decor is sleek, sexy and innovative. a sensual, floral fragrance permeates throughout every inch of the hotel. there's free soda fountains on the casino floor and a very reasonably priced buffet that seems so go on forever. when you book your room, you either have a choice of strip view or mountain view. while the mountain view sounded lovely, i'm really glad we chose the strip view. we watched the sun go down as las vegas came alive and then fall asleep in the comfortable loungers by the floor-to-ceiling window as the city lights shimmered behind a transparent veil of rising desert heat. our room was very modern but extremely cozy and inviting. the bathroom was ENORMOUS. i probably left claw marks on the porcelain from having to be dragged out of the bathtub. THERE IS A GODDAMN TV IN THE BATHROOM MIRROR. I REPEAT. TV IN THE MIRROR. YOU CAN WATCH FIRST 48 WHILE YOU'RE DROPPING A DEUCE. also, HOLY FREE SHIT EVERYDAY. we got a bottle of wine, a polo shirt, a windbreaker, a t shirt, and an apron! you better believe i was drunk off my ass, prancing around my room in that thing.here are my only gripes:- there was only one area to get ice on our floor and it happened to be at the opposite end of the hallway. kind of a mission since i was using one of the two sinks as coolers for the bottles of champagne and vodka i brought with me. - spa mio offers a $50 bikini wax and they mean "bikini" for real. none of their staff is apparently trained to do a proper brazilian so i basically paid $50 for about a third of the hair removal that i get at home for half the price. that being said, the girl that waxed me was really lovely. the wax she used was top-notch. i barely felt a thing. the spa itself is so relaxing and serene. i probably would've paid $50 just to sit in the waiting area and continue getting drunk. - i'm really not psyched about the TOTALLY UNNECESSARY $200 hold they placed on my credit card. turns out the guy that checked us in DIDN'T HAVE TO DO THAT but did anyway, assuming we would use the internet and the mini bar. who the fuck does that and if you already have my credit card info on file, wouldn't it make more sense to deduct whatever expenses we incur AFTER WE CHECK OUT? fuck. i could've used those $200 which i won't see again for another 7-10 business days. THANKS GUY. other than the points mentioned above, i am totally staying here again next time i'm in vegas.
5	This review is just for the buffet. It was my second time in Vegas and at the tail end of the trip we wanted to make sure that we hit up a really good buffet. We asked 3 people who had the best buffet in Vegas and they all said the M hotel. The line was crazy long and we ended up waiting for about 2 hours but it was totally worth it because the buffet was amazing. There was so much food!! There was unlimited (free) beer and wine. Seriously how could you beat that?? Everything was fresh and delicious. Unfortunately I could only 2 plates but I sooooo wanted more. Regardless of where I stay in Vegas I will always make sure to hit this place up!
5	I'm only rating the buffet though my friend and I think this would be a great staycation resort. This is my favorite Vegas buffet hands-down.  Worth every penny of the $32 (after tax) price tag, the buffet at M Resort is awesome!  Lots of very tasty choices.  My favorite thing was the raw oyster bar.  Hurray for fresh oysters.  The crab legs were fresh, plump and seasoned well.  The dessert bar offered desserts that looked and tasted like they were made just for you, rather than the pretty but bland desserts you tend to find at buffets.  Even more awesomeness is free beer, wine and espresso drinks. A good buffet all around.
4	wat is the buffet in this resort called?i la la la loooove it.i feen for it all the time. the last time i been here was even better than the first. my usual fav buffet was bellagio becuz they used to have THE BEST prime rib (better than steak houses) & kobe beef. but the last time i went, all the beef was horrible. the price is better in comparison to bellagio, the selection is good, and the DESSERTS...omg, irreplaceable. their warm crab legs r THE BOMB. i highly highly recommend this place for fam or frenz, plus they have all u can drink wine as well. i can never get over how delicious their ice cream is... no matter where i go theres no dessert counter like the Ms.
5	This is where I saw Robert Horry.  Me and my sister were in the lobby area admiring the decor (wall water fountains, intricate fabrics hanging from the ceiling, etc) when the entrance doors slide open and in walks this very tall, casually dressed man with a petite pretty woman.  He walks by and as I'm staring at him trying to figure out why he looks so familiar,  my sister grabs my arm and loudly whispers: "OMG, that's Robert Horry!!!." Sure enough a few more people in the lobby are also staring at him....so of course me and my sister semi-stalk him, following him to the casino floor where he sits down at a blackjack table.  By this time everyone around is standing around at a good distance just watching him play *sigh* Soo close, yet soo far from a celebrity.  But once again, I digress... On a sidenote, I LOVE THEIR BUFFET.  More so for their ALL YOU CAN DRINK (selected) wines and beers, giant CRAB legs, and yummy DESSERT SPREAD.  If you're a beer and/or wine snob don't expect a wide array of quality choices. They only offer a minimal selection of pre-chosen beer and wine, which is an ingenious idea that other Vegas buffets should adopt.  Love, love, love, love their giant crab legs with a portion of the crab's body also attached. They offer 2 separate batches: warm crab legs OR cold crab legs.  When me and my family do our regular Vegas runs, we always come here just for the crab legs. Since there's usually 5 or 6 of us, we each get 2 plates (1 for the crabs and another for the crab remnants/empty shells) and feast.  I'm the only one who prefers the subtle taste of the warm crab legs while everyone else in my family likes the more flavorful cold crab legs (its a bit salty and I don't like the shock of cold crab meat in my mouth). The crab legs aren't pre-shelled for you which means you have to work at it in order to grub.  However, I prefer it that way.  There's something satisfying about shelling a crab and pulling out a large long piece or a thick chunk of crabmeat.  They do provide plastic crab openers that I've never seen before and have yet to learn how to use.  I'd rather wish they gave us a mallet instead! The best part is that they also include a part of the crab body which has the best and most tenderest crabmeat.  Crabmeat dipped in some melted butter OR in some tangy vinegar (yes my family is truly Filipino and has on several occasions asked our server to bring out the vinegar)  = HEAVEN. The dessert spread is unbelievable.  Pastries, cakes, cookies, caffienated dessert drinks made to order, and a gelato bar make this dessert bar the best.  I usually order the nougat gelato, with a vanilla latte, and 2 pre-made cups of the creme brulee and chocolate mousse.  Overall, the food is average (I prefer the food at Bellagio's buffet), but the M resort takes the cake when it comes to the all you can drink wine & beer, meaty crab legs, and the yummy dessert bar.Did I also tell you that I saw Robert Horry here?!
4	*BUFFET REVIEW ONLY*I give the service a 3 because the Hostesses we're Jerks (1) but the waiters were a (5) the cash register had no customer courtesy greeting and asked directly for my Credit Card & ID swiped it, made me sign, & no Thanks or have a nice dinner...B-to a YATCH. This was last weekend after our VBall Tourney so we were anxious to get to our seat, eat, and get on the road back to LA  but after paying we waited yet another 1hr plus minutes blah blahh etc.....The Buffet in the other hand is a different story. (Price 29.95 +tax  Sunday Dinner)Asian Cuisines- Whatevas (3)Seafood (Crab Legs)-Excellent (4.5)Prime Rib-Bloody Rare (2.5) I like it rare but that was Dracula BloodyThe FREE WINE & BEER (5) - Free means 5Desert (4.5) YummersKahlua Pork (5) LOVEDStir Fry (4) MMMmmIn all we came out walking like penguins and put us to sleep the entire 4.5 hour trip back home.Compared to other Vegas Buffets Rio, Venetian, & Stardust.....(Rio, M, Venetian, & Stardust..YES in that Order hahahhaa)
5	The casino has some great perks if you join their player's club, I got a free long sleeved thermal shirt. The card tables are plentiful and one of my favorite games was the "Sex and the City" slot machine, sooo cool. One of my favorite buffets is located here at the M Resort...called the Studio B Buffet...mouthwatering good! As you enter, to your left is the Asian section, to your right the desserts and coffee drinks, oh and right in front is a large array of seafood and meats/poultry that will make you forget about carbs and go straight for the savory dishes. On weekends there is more seafood and being a crab lover, there are cooked crab legs and chilled crab legs...either way you are in crab heaven! Make sure your server gives you the crab picker so you can pick your way through the shell and dive right into the sweet delicious crab meat. I love the Asian selection: Japanese sushi, Chinese wok style dishes, Korean BBQ, and Thai food. The desserts are really good: pastries, pies, cookies, cakes, and gelato! While you sit and eat, you can enjoy the dual big screens that showcase the Food Network and other cooking shows. This buffet will make you want to turn that M upside down and become a W for WOOHOO!
5	I signed up for yelp just to write how great this place is.  This was my third stay at the M Resort and I cannot explain how great it is.  I have stayed at over 90% of the "best strip hotels" but think the M Resort overall is by far the best resort in or around vegas.  The M Resort staff/dealer/wait staff are the friendliest in vegas.  The M Resort is new and beautiful.  The restaurants/buffet are always great and value is a huge part of what the M Resort stands for.  There are always $5 tables even on weekends.  The casino is open and not smokey.  The rooms are nice and public areas are clean.  It does not feel crowded and is laid back compared to the strip casinos.  You can have a good time/gamble/eat well/sleep well.  Pool is amazing.  Rewards program is the best I have been a part of.  I will always stay at the M Resort when I come to Vegas.
5	Great place to wine, dine, stay and play.  I try to make it out to Vegas at least once every quarter.  Work hard, play hard.  The staff at the M Resort do things right.  It's a beautiful resort, with new games and great pool.  I've been comped a few nights free a couple times in their suites that were really, really huge.  About 1200square feet.  If you like to avoid the crowds of the strip.  This place if perfect.  You get in and out. I can't wait to get back.  You must try the Studio B Buffet, if not the best in town, pretty damn close.
5	Ok....I am a picky customer....Not a difficult one, just picky!  And from this point on, I will not be staying on the Strip again (unless it's Comp and at the Palazzo or Venetian).  After the initial 20+ experiences of doing the Strip, it's no secret that it's crowded, dirty and for me, way too much on the senses!....Some of you may be able to relate to this??....The novelty just isn't there anymore!After 4 nights at The M, I'm officially a convert and it's changed the whole way I'll vacation in Vegas.!Rented a car for the whole 4 days... the M was an easy 10 minutes from the airport, near the 15 Fwy and on Las Vegas Blvd, so it was easy to get anywhere. Used the Valet (and they were quick and very affable...even give you bottles of water before you get in your car), which turns out to be about $5 bucks a day..totally worth it!From the Valets to the Front Desk to the Dealers to the Waitresses and just the whole staff....service was very friendly and very good.  I don't understand the other reviewers negatives on this?  Compared to the Strip hotels (where there's attitude), it's night and day!Rooms were great....Big, comfy, and well-appointed (could've used a Coffee Maker and a Full-Sized Ironing Board).  Bed was comfy too and Bathrooms were great!We had a Strip/Pool View on the 7th floor.......fantastic!  Pool is great, and uncrowded.  Wine bar is great, Marinelli's was a tad pricey but very good (best bread I've ever had), Buffet great...etc, etc!The whole vibe was relaxing, unhurried, uncrowded and very nice... unlike the Strip.  Free of the tackiness of the Strip!  Great, wide-open Casino floor, Poker room, and Cocktail waitresses (think fake boobs could be an employment requirement, but no complaints?...lol).The good thing was that with the Rental car, was able to go to the Strip one night, park at the Venetian (ate at the Grand Luxe) and then was able to leave, when we were ready....It was so easy.Then with the car, we went to the Red Rock (which was also great), shopped over there, went and saw Green Valley Ranch, Town Square and other parts of Vegas you'd never see by being locked in to the Strip.  Can go on and on, but think you get the picture?  Rent a car (they're cheap in Vegas), stay at the M and you're free to do whatever you want, when you want and then come back to the very comfortable enviorns of the M....You'll thank me later!
2	The M Resort is perhaps the most overrated Casino in Las Vegas, it sits as the very first Casino into Las Vegas - and it's well worth driving past and heading onto other properties. I'm a local player and I have never experienced bad service as I have at the M Resort, on the first night - a friend wanted to introduce me to the M Resort, she boasted at how well I would be taken care off, so off we went. I dropped $700 on the table for change, and we proceeded to play. I was doing okay, friend was losing a lot and quickly - and as we were playing, I was quite shocked to hear the Pit Boss turn and scold the dealer in front of me in fact, it can be described as a 3 minute argument - as I sat there staring at them, waiting for the cards to be dealt. After that little fiasco, I cashed out at $950 and headed back to Green Valley Ranch.On several occasions after, I have opted to visit the M outside of my favorite local hangout (GVR), The M is quite out of the way for me, as I live just around the corner from GVR - and I usually play around 5pm 3-4 days a week. I enter the M to find that there are no double deck Blackjack tables available, either they were too full or changed to a higher limit to accommodate one person. I asked if there was a way to get a table open, and I was told I had to wait until 7:30pm.  The first time this happened, I was disappointed because I was looking forward to an evening at the M. The second time this happened, I immediately contacted my Casino Host Gary to bring his attention to the matter. He asked me to speak with the Floor Manager the next time I am in. I once again attempted a trip out to the M, this time I was told that there wasn't enough business during the day to open another table. I come in to play $25 blackjack, which means I have more than $100 in my wallet - I would imagine that I had more to spend than it would cost to pay the full days salary of one dealer - so this made no sense to me, I didn't argue and I headed to Green Valley Ranch where I played happily and stayed the night. What burns me about this, is that the M is out of the way for me, and I only ever visit to accommodate my friends or because I really do like my Casino Host. Last night I once again went to the M Resort - this was at 7pm but I had a bad losing streak at GVR so I wasn't in the mood to play at the M. We opted to go to the Buffet for dinner, we entered the Casino Host room - and was greeted by Myong  - I asked for Gary who wasn't available, we then asked her if she could write up a comp for my friend and we were given 2 buffets - she then says "In the future, this room is for M Card Holders" go outside to get your comps. I was nearly flabbergasted at how she responded, she did not look at us, nor did she bother to acknowledge that we called for my Casino Host who is incidentally working with me to get my play at the M Resort instead of GVR - I quickly looked at her and said - that she and the Casino has lost my business - and that she could relay that to my Casino Host.I understand that businesses offer extra services for people who play often and high, but I have tried on many occasions to spend money at the M, and then to be brushed off without so much as trying to help or being nice about it, is just plain rude. I hold a chairman's card at GVR - one would assume, that if I play that much at one place - you had an open door to steal that business, apparently they are not interested. We went to the buffet and sat all the way at the back - the room with a view which was fine, we had a nice booth and that worked. I recall going to the M Buffet in the past, and was always happy, and perhaps it was the way I was treated at the Host Room that may have influenced my experience, but the food was just boring... I really wished we had gone to GVR's buffet were I could have my crab stir fried spicy rather than praying that the oysters they had out weren't going to kill me. This was perhaps surprising for me, as I had just lost a heck of a lot of money at GVR but I wanted to be there instead. Unfortunately for me, my friend is heading into town this week for a few days and staying at the M - I won't spend a dime in there, so now I need to figure out how to venture her out of that forsaken place and head into perhaps the Wynn Resort - which is now growing into my second favorite hang out. In conclusion, if you are going to the M Resort to eat, don't expect the same as you had in the past, the buffet at Planet Hollywood is still better and one I highly recommend over the M Resort. For gaming, if you're opting for tables other than machines - you are much better off passing this place up.
5	I'm a big fan of the M if you can get it at a reasonable rate (considering what the nicer hotels were charging on the strip). I normally stay at the Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn, and Encore, but this weekend there was a convention and the prices for hotels were out of this world. The M definitely was a deal breaker by offering affordable luxury. The hotel rooms actually look nicer in person, than in pictures. I stayed for $180 + tax for one night and the Wynn and Venetian Hotels were charging $500-$600 for that Saturday night. Other hotels (4 stars) were charging $220-320. So I decided to give this new hotel a try and I absolutely love it. I believe normal rates run between $130-160 (Fri and Sat) and weekdays (Sun-Mon) at $80-110 a night.Tips and additional Review:1. I drove from Los Angeles and they have a promotional that's been running for over a year, Californians get 30% if you book it through them (not through a 3rd party website).2. Stayed in a King and it was absolutely stunning. I had a pool view and there was hardly ever a wait for the elevators.3. Pool: When picking up a towel for the pool, they offer you sunblock and tanning oil!!! You have to put it on there (where you are picking up the towels), but this was a very nice touch.4. Drinks: If alcohol is not for you, the M offers free self-serve soda and powerade on site. 5. Poker: The poker room is small and there is usually a wait to play.6. Games: The minimum for blackjack is $10 and they have a lot of new slot machines.7 Restaurants: They offer a Deli which was very exceptional. Prices were fair and quality was great. This is the place to eat if you want casual dining that does not include a buffet.8. Buffet: Not a big fan of buffets, but this one is currently the best of them all. Wynn, Bellagio, etc...they're all the same. This one has a little more variety and offers WARM CRAB LEGS!!! 9. Comps: I recommend signing up for a players card ($5 free play) so the casino can keep track of your play. I got a comp for a free buffet on Sunday ($30), charged the other buffet to my room and when checking out the host waived another buffet of my bill.10. If you drove in from CA like me, the drive to the strip was only 12 miles. It's really fast and its not bad at all.
4	I am a Vegas girl for sure. My husband and I visit about 6 times a year. My normal stays include: Bellagio, Wynn and The Hotel. I like high end hotels; when I get a deal. The recent economy has really benefited those of us who like to stay in luxurious accommodations but don't want to pay the high price. I tried the M Resort last September; right after it opened, and have stayed there three times since. It is a perfect vacation getaway; for an ridiculously low rate. If the strip gets too congested with tourists and you want a nice place to play and stay; the M Resort fits the bill. You are in Vegas, but not in Vegas. I have listed some things below that will help you with your stay: The Good - Player's Card; sign up and save. I have cards with all the major casinos and I have yet to get anything from those points. I am not a big gamble; a couple hundred bucks a day max is what I spend. But so far at the M Resort; I have received two free rooms; free buffet and more promotional items (t-shirts, hats, wine, etc.) and I have only stayed there twice. To put into perspective; I have stayed at the Wynn over 10 times and have enough points for a stick of gum. - Coupons; the players cards gets you discounted coupons from free rooms to food. Ensure you give your real address and contact information as they come via snail mail and email - Ask for what you want; upon check in (on our free room) we asked for an upgraded room - got it no problem and no extra fees! I also asked if the gym could be compd and it was - Pool; some of the best deals in Vegas happen by their amazing pool, from cabanas and bottle service to concerts; check out the listing on the website - Rooms; brand new and amazing - high end without the price - Food; for the first time in Vegas I ordered room service and it wasn't equal to the cost of a car payment and it was GOOD, also the deli is reasonably priced - Sports Bet; play by play betting - greats experience and gives you control of your bets - $5 tables! They do exist. I play craps and at times not that well; so a $5 table really helps. They are $5 all day and night; pretty impressive. The only negative I have is the limited shopping. However; that is easily solved with a 15 minute cab ride to the strip. It's a great value and a beautiful casino.
5	A recent stay at the M Resort in Las Vegas proved to be one of the smartest things I've done in a long time, all be it that it is a bit of a drive from most of the action on the strip and downtown, it is a superb world class place to stay. --That would be my only criticism, --that you really need a rental car, (which we had), to not feel imprisoned in the boondocks. But alas, it only takes about 10 minutes to drive into the strip action and 20 minutes to downtown. They also have shuttles. Being one of LV's newer properties, the M is absolutely beautiful on the inside, with some of the cleanest and freshest air I've ever breathed in a casino/resort. The interior design is worthy of a spread in Architectural Digest, and the guest rooms are impeccably designed with plenty of room and amenities such as electric shades and high definition television and a small bathroom HD television embedded into the bathroom mirror, --Very nice for catching up on the news or sports while you're shaving! The restaurants are very enjoyable with excellent food, such as Studio B, the M Resort's Buffet, which includes beer and wine with your high-quality / excellently prepared food as part of the purchase price. The Red Cup casual restaurant served one of the best Reuben sandwiches I've ever had, with so much corn beef, I couldn't finish it. Later that night, dinner at Terzetto was truly extraordinary, (please see my previous review). Gaming was very enjoyable with reasonably priced table games, such as $10 Blackjack at various off-peak times. Granted, the minimum went up to $15 and up at peak times, which was quite refreshing compared to places like Bellagio, Caesar's, and the Wynn which began at $25 and went up from there. Our three-night stay beginning on a Sunday night, had two nights comped with the third night price at $158.20, which I thought was perhaps a bit high for a Tuesday night. --But I guess with the two comped nights, it averaged out to a little over $52.00 per night, --a bargain in anyone's book. Additionally, we were given a complimentary gift for each of the three days we stayed there consisting of two bottles of wine and a tee-shirt. All in all, I would recommend the M Resort to everyone. It is truly a beautiful property, with friendly personnel, excellent restaurants, and very comfortable rooms.
4	As you walk in, you are greeted with the smell of flowers.  It was a nice change because usually when you walk in a hotel or casino in Las Vegas, the first thing you smell is cigarette smoke.  They have a wall of flowers in their lobby area and the decor is very stylish and modern.  We proceeded through their casino because we were headed to Studio B, which is their famous buffet.  My honey bunches of oats and I gambled a little bit of money but lost it all to these damn penny machines.  I swear it's like playing video games.  It's pretty fun and when you win big, like 400 credits.  The machine gets all loud and people are looking.  All that for $4.00.  They also have a beer bar that I'd like to try when I'm there again.  Finding your way back to the main lobby can be confusing.  You're so impressed by the decor that you forgot which direction you came from in the beginning.  I guess that's a good way for people to gamble more!  Because it's off the strip and it's new, not a lot of people were here playing and eating.  Their valet service was friendly and prompt.  It took about 3 min. to get my car.  Well that's because no one else was waiting.  I'd love to see what their rooms are like.
4	Nice place every thing new go here if you want to be far but close to the strip.Pro'sNewCon's Way too far from the action and will need a rent a car or lot's of money for Taxi cab
5	Gorgeous new resort in Las Vegas, classy and not crowded like you get on the strip.The M is by far my favorite casino/resort in Las Vegas.They have good food/restaurants as well.Check out their blackjack games... they have a good side game that plays pretty well over time.  Not like the dumb "perfect pair", etc side games you see at other casinos where it takes a minor miracle to get anything back.Keep it up M!
5	The family and I went on vacation a couple of weeks ago, and my mom insisted we go to the "M" for their famous buffet.  It was on Memorial Day Weekend so the price for each of us was about $30 for dinner (regular around $25 i believe) It was pricey, but I thought hey, it must be worth it.  Boy was I RIGHT!! They have one the largest buffet's I have ever seen and the food selection was fantastic! They had everything!! i'm getting hungry now just thinking about it! I give this casino/resort 5 stars easy. Aside from the amazing food, the casino itself was great! It's not too far from the strip, so you can avoid all the traffic (on the street and sidewalks lol), but yet close to it so when you want to really experience what Sin City has to offer.  We're are going soon again for another vacation, I can't wait to come here again!!
5	The M Buffet is my new favorite buffet in LV!!It is a bit far from the strip so we usually eat here on the way home. It gets very BUSY. If you have a group with more than 4 or 5 people better to split up the party or you'll be waiting FOREVER! (Thats what we had to do) Cost is about $30 somethingAll you can eat CRAB LEGS! There are two different kinds: Steamed or Cold. The steamed ones are bombedy!!! That's all I ate & needed. Can't wait to go back!!
2	Have not been on vacation in over a year an was looking forward to staying at the M; but we drove in (A for the valet service); walked into the lobby to get a room an the young lady, if you don't like your job an enjoy belittling folks; I am not staying here. If you are more worried about talking to your co-workers; then helping guest with a nights stay; then you shouldn't be in the business. Note; even the billboards driving to las vegas says California Residents 30% off; is bull. After this horrible experience I don't think I can ever make it back to stay or play at your casino.
4	Spent a lovely 2 days mostly in meeting rooms at the M Resort, but when not being forced to drink the company Koolaid, enjoyed the hotel and its amenities.  Pro: it is way off the strip ($30+ cab ride one way to the strip, or wait every 3 hours for the free shuttle) so you miss the madness.  Con: it is way off the strip so you miss the madness.  The rooms are modern cool with all the high tech toys.  The staff goes out of their way, almost in a over-compensating way (for being way off the strip), to be nice.  One guy walked us 5 minutes to our destination.  Great Wine Bar/Cellar with $5 all you can eat appetizers (2 ladies took them up on that challenge and powered through 20+ beef sticks).  Table stakes were reasonable.   Food at the italian restaurant superb.  All in all, you feel like you drove 4 hours to Vegas, do all the Vegas stuff without feeling like you were in Vegas...kind of like staying at a beach hotel and never putting your toes in the sand.
4	This review is just for the pools.For a Sunday afternoon, the main pool was surprisingly empty.  We initially rented daybeds ($75 - what a steal!), that are situated in the center of the pool, so you and your cellulite are prominently on display for everybody.  But it's so windy up in that part of the vegas valley that we were forced to upgrade to one of the cabanas on the perimeter....still a steal at $150.  The cabanas are beautiful and worth the money - though set a bit to far back from the pool.  They have stacked fridges, water floaties, flat screen, couch, chairs and recliners.  I highly recommend the white sangria with the orchids and fruit (can't remember what it's called, but they only have three - see pic).We eventually ditched our cabana though and migrated over to the VIP pool where a friend was having her b'day party.  Much cozier, more intimate, more locals, and a good DJ....so much better than the main pool....and significantly more eye candy.   The VIP pool isn't heated though (ummm, yeah, that makes sense) like the main pool, so hold your chi-chi's when you get in.  It's brisk, baby.
4	Visited the M a couple times to go and eat, although it has a couple of restaurants nothing compares to their really good buffet. Many types of food and although it can be a little pricey compared to other Vegas buffets it is worth it. It is not really that crowded as the other resorts around, their casino offered complimentary unlimited soft drinks to all guests which i thought was really cool. The resort is a few minutes away from the strip which it makes it perfect to those who wanna get away from the crazy-ness. Its not a place to go and party it up but definitely somewhere you can go and spend a quiet afternoon.
5	This is my favorite overall casino in or near Vegas!  During my quarterly trip to Vegas, I always have to stay here so 4 trips to M resort is heaven for me.  I love the rooms, casino, self serve beverage statiom, food and scent when I walk into the M.  I also love the free daily gifts for being gamblers.  I have nothing negative to say about this place.
3	This just doesn't seem like a billion dollar property to me.  I am impressed, and it is very nice, but not for a billion-dollar price tag.I like that they have a players card that text's you with daily offers.  If you get a good offer, run over to redeem.The casino, bars, and restaurants are good.  They have a nice selection.  The view bar looking out at the Strip is well worth the visit.  Drinks are cheap.
4	On one of my frequent trips to Vegas, my husband and I decided to try the M... it has just opened so of course we had to stay one night there.  I loved the decor of the place.  The buffet was A+++.  We tried both the bfast buffet and the dinner buffet and both were excellent!  Such a great variety and the quality of food was great for a buffet.  They also have "all you can drink" (wine and beer) but the buffet will keep you full.  They have a bakery/coffee place called Baby Cakes with super yummy treats.  I took some pasteries with me when we checked out.  The pool was deserted since we went during off season, it was a little chilly but it looked like a nice place to cool off during those hot Vegas days.  They're were a good amount of table games and fun slot machines.  The prices were right as well on the rooms and the gaming.  Low limits!!!  Overall I liked the M.  The room was spacious and the bathroom was great as well.  I liked the layout.  It was a little ways away from the strip but we enjoyed our stay.
5	so at the last minute yesterday, the fam decided they wanted to go to vegas overnight.  at 8pm July 4th we were able to book a room here, left at 9:45 got there at 1am checked in with no problem and once in the room i was in awe it was soooooooooooo nice.Lets see I dont even know where to begin, 1st, I immediately started calling the room the "f*ck me suite" lol as the bathroom was basically all see through and one could look at their mate taking a shower from the bedroom.  In fact i got TMI from my aunt and uncle who came here before and stayed lol.  I guess ill start with the bathroom. Huge bathroom, large tub, large shower with seat inside and semi privacy shield but it was nice.  A double sink, the aforementioned see through glass wall and the best part of the bathroom ... a tv INSIDE the mirror IN the bathroom.  (it wouldnt change channels from CNN though i dont know what that was about but still very cool)the bed was super comfy, lots of fluffy pillows, great view of the strip if you get on that side of the hotel and since the bathroom is see through in that area you can take a nice bath and look at the strip in the distance. Bose system in the room (nice touch as I love those things) , huge flat screen tv and nice comfy chairs too.phone system was definitely new and 'spiffy" lol Service was great, although we arrived very late, maid service was timely and polite when we asked for extra towels, room service expensive as expected so we found some place called the Vig downstairs. (ill review that too when i find it) the casino has free soft drinks, which i thought was a nice touch, just grab a cup and go get your own free drink. I dont really gamble but im like a big kid so i like the noise and pictures of the slots machines so i found the penny slots and went to town lol. My cousins boyfriend said it was $15 bucks to use the gym even though we had a room, he was kinda peeved at that, just thought id throw that tidbit in there for those like him who like to work out.overall I would definitely return to this place because it was so nice. I have no idea how the much the room was b/c i didnt pay but my experience here was awesome. I wish we had stayed longer so I could have gotten in the pool, which has cabanas in the middle but oh well maybe next time.if you are like my uncle who likes to avoid the strip, then this is  DEFINITELY an option you should check out.oh and those flowers in the lobby *whistful sigh* to.die.for. soooo pretty and the smell is intoxicating
4	The M buffet serves a wide variety of food, they had Greek, Italian, Southern, Chinese, Thai, Korean, Hawaiian, Japanese, lots of sea foods, pretty much of everything.  The food was delicious but remember to save room for deserts.  I think they had an expresso bar along with the desert too.  The wait is long but if you gamble you can get a pass to get in front of the line.The reason that I gave them 4 star is the service.  One of the guy that was serving the primerib  was very rude.  He just threw the food on my plate.  I found out later that my husband got the same treatment.
5	Gorgeous hotel. Did not sgtay but played in poker room. Mostly locals; too good. Hotel is very far from strip.
4	We went here for dinner buffet with the family on our last day at Vegas.  The food was abundant and reasonble for the price of $22/person, kids from 5-9 years old paid half price.  On you can drink wine and beer was good enough for me with the price of $22, included with the buffet!  Great varieties of foods and great desserts and gelatos.
5	This review is for the buffet only. We came here before leaving Vegas, and I have to say the experience was amazing! The food really put us in a good mood before heading home. Luckily for us, my friend's dad had VIP passes and was able to get us in the VIP line (the wait time for the regular line is ridiculous, it had to at least be an hour wait). The hostess was very courteous, and got us seated within 10 minutes of waiting. They have a very diverse selection here, and what is a definite plus is you can see the many chef's preparing and cooking food right behind the counter. It really adds to your mentality that the food and place is actually clean. Anyways! On to the food..the ones that really stood out were the ribs (the meat literally falls off the bones) and the steamed crab legs (nice and juicy). I didn't try the cold one. But the best part is, it's all unlimited!!! The dessert section also stands out. They have many sorts of flan. I'm not a big flan guy but my buddy prolly ate all the different ones. They also have sorbet and gelato and I am a gelato guy so I definitely had some. Another big plus was our drink waiter. He was very courteous and friendly. We didn't have to waive him down or anything. He always came back to check on us. I thought it was great that I didn't even have to ask for a refill. He would just come by and I'd have another full cup on the table, which was really awesome. This place is going to be Las Vegas tradition for me and my buddies.
4	this is a review for the m resort pool.  we've never stayed at the hotel.. but took advantage of the pool on a 117 degree day.it's 10.00 a head for locals to use the pool.we had visiting kids for the summer so we figured that such a hot ass day called for pool time.. so we get there, and they suggest that we take advantage of the 30.00 cabana. o'right.  sold.  we projected spending 60 bucks and actually saved 30 bucks per their suggestion which I thought was proper of them..the cabana was awesome.. shaded and right up against the pool.  it was like that section of the pool was all ours.the pool offers a fully stocked bar and food is also served..  the menu was skimp and everything was overly priced which is to be expected.  we ordered pizza and nachos and it tasted.. well, like pizza and nachos.  it's hard to fudge up pizza and nachos.the waitresses took awhile to approach us.. and when we finally flagged one down, she was confused about why she was helping us [I guess not her section?] and proceeded to ask why no one had helped us yet. [i then told her that I didn't really think we should be the ones to explain that to her..]  but once we  said plain and simple that we didn't really care, just as long as she took our order then.. we were willing to just let it pass.  she was kind after that.most important.. the pool wasn't heavy with chlorine.  it's in there, but not as much as pools have that host large amnts or ppl...from what I understand, that 30 dollar deal isn't a constant.. so to hit that special rate is rare.. I suggest calling ahead of time.  I have no idea what the regular cost of a cabana is.
5	Great location for locals and relaxing atmosphere. There are fountain drink machines all over the casino to quench your thirst and it's all free.
5	One of the stops on our trip and the place did not disappoint.  It's very modern and chic, and not overly crowded.  Lots of locals and beautiful women over here.  Not what I expected so far off of the strip.  I considered divorcing the wife a couple times while walking around.  They got a wine bar down stairs and a deli that offered some bomb reuben sandwiches.  The interior is nice, they go a few different themed restaurants and a nice looking pool from what i could see.  I'm definitely coming back here on my next Vegas assault.
5	This was a perfect weekend get away!  We spent two nights at M Resort and it was blissful.  As Las Vegas residents, we don't like to spend our staycations on the Strip, I prefer smaller, intimate resorts where you don't feel overwhelmed.  The rooms were nice with a big comfy bed, a nice soaking bath with separate shower.  The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful.  I loved the spa and I highly recommend the steak house and the Vig deli.  Yummy sandwiches!
4	I really loved the M Resort! Gorgeous new property, beautiful spacious rooms, good service and lovely pool. I came for a 3 day seminar and managed to stay for 4 nights total at $75/night (score!). Plus the company picked up the tab, so no complaints here :) Staff was very nice and I have to say, I loved the free fountain drink machines sprinkled around the resort - a very nice, thoughtful touch.That being said, there are some caveats... like you're $40 away from the Strip (one-way) via taxi. The M tries its hardest to be your one-stop shop for Vegas entertainment and generally, it is a nice oasis but when you're in Vegas for 4 nights, it gets old eating in the same restaurants. While they do have a courtesy shuttle, pickup and drop off end around 11pm so it's a bit prohibitive if you want to catch a later show or dinner off campus.And speaking of dinner, I can't say I was terribly impressed with the restaurants. We tried all of them at the M and they felt little more than hotel food. I know, it's hard to compete with Vegas cuisine like Bouchon, Delmonicos, Joel Robuchon and my beloved CraftSteak but I expected a little more.
5	I love the buffet at the M.  It is probably the best buffet in town with all you can drink wine and beer.  It is a seafood buffet but there are also a lot of other choices.  I really hate buffets but this is definitely one I enjoy.
5	I love the M Resort.  It is honestly my favorite casino and resort in Vegas period.  Never mind that it's not on the strip and that there isn't some random theme to differentiate it from all the other resorts, this is just a really nice establishment.  It's immaculately clean, never reeks of smoke, and doesn't feel as cavernous as some of the larger casinos in Vegas.  It's honestly as intimate as a casino can feel.  The bars and restaurants inside of this casino are equally impressive.  (See my review of the Studio B Buffet: http://www.yelp.com/biz/studio-b-buffet-henderson#hrid:58geBOMZm3c1XduHUS2drA).  Having driven in late Friday night, my friends and I wanted to just have a mellow night and grab a few drinks.  So we opted to come here, initially thinking we'd go to the beer bar, we ended up in the center bar which is a lot more trendy and nice.  This was a great bar.  With cushy couches to lounge on and really retro music going on with music videos to boot, we spent hours here drinking our dirty vodka martini's and getting way more drunk than we had initially thought we would (sorry for the drunken IM's & text messages!  I really need to leave my phone at home sometimes).  Oh, and one last thing that is awesome about this casino and resort.  FREE SODA FOUNTAINS.  Yes, you heard right.  Found throughout the casino floor are soda fountains where you can just help yourself to a drink.  Pretty freakin' awesome if you ask me.
4	Love the hotel, pool, wine bar, view from the bar upstairs, and even the cheap little rooms are very nice. Got a great deal on a VERY last second room on a Saturday night. For a locals type casino, this is probably my new favorite. I've been there 20 or so times since it opened, and I'm going to keep going back. P.s. Bloody Mary's from the bar in the casino suck. Maybe try a mimosa instead for your "first thing in the morning on a Sunday" drink.
4	The buffet is well worth the price!  My kids had a great time picking out which freshly scooped icecream they wanted after their meal and the choices were endless there!  Great staff too!
4	I was feeling the need for a restroom stop when I saw this hotel off the 15, about 10 miles out from Vegas. Parking was a breeze, walked in and thought what a nice looking hotel and casino. After emptying my bladder I decided to play a little cards, wasn't very crowded. Sat down and the dealer was really quite pleasant, assisted me in winning a few hundred dollars. He then recommended there buffet. I decided why not have a little lunch, there was a little wait but it was worth it. All the food was extremely fresh and appetizing looking. I had some of the best Tri tip roast ever, so soft I cut it with my fork. Offerings included the usual, chicken, ham, turkey, lamb, ribs, asian, italian, american, mexican and all the desserts. Next time I'm driving to Vegas I'll stop again, might even stay there.
5	Had a Staycation at the M resort last week with the wife. We live just down the street, but it was a nice getaway from the daily grind. They have tons of specials going for locals in addition to 2for1 at the buffet. Overall, the resort is modern and clean. I really love the fact that there are windows throughout the resort in the casino and even in the buffet.Our room was awesome and overlooked the strip and pool! I will upload some photos, but I loved the bed. My wife and I decided that this was one of the more comfortable beds we've slept on in any hotel.When I have a few extra moments I will review Terzetto and studio B cafe. We visited both on our staycation and were pleasantly surprised by both.
4	The Skinny: Nice hotel, great place to stay even though there isn't much to do other than go to the spa, stay by the pool, eat or gamble - but there's nothing wrong with that(4.5).We stayed here for two weekday nights in August for a brief staycation. Check-in service was painless albeit it was a weekend day afternoon and not very busy.We were really impressed by the ambience of the hotel room (resort room with a view of the Strip). The modern decor matched our tastes. There was a flat screen tv with a Bose wave sound clock radio.  The bed, covered with plush pillows and fresh linens, was comfortable. The bathroom was great - two vanity sinks with an integrated tv (which had bad reception), enclosed granite shower, a bathtub with a view of the Strip (and a electronic privacy shade if you desire). Complementary cards were included in the suite. Maid service was excellent.Use of the fitness area costs $15 and internet costs $13/day which seemed rather pricey to me. I'll post a pic of the spa prices (note: they charge you a mandatory 20% gratuity!).The amenities include use of the pool area which was lovely. We enjoyed lazing around the pool all afternoon like two slugs. It was awesome! The crowd there is diverse - you see kids in their lifejackets, the elderly sunning next to their wheelchairs and the young 20 somethings sporting designer shades and swimwear. The music is top 20's with some pop favourites from the 80's. Fortunately, the music was at a comfortable decibel level.The casino itself was quiet during our weekday vacay and was relatively smoke free for a casino. Also really like they didn't pump some yucky perfume in the ventilation system like other casinos on the Strip. Loved the free beverage fountain next to Marinelli's which wasn't watered down! (they had Fresca! I love Fresca!)Disadvantages: well, if you don't gamble, go to the spa, lounge in the pool or check out Tina Martini- there isn't much here to do unlike other local casinos which have movie theatres and bowling alleys. The location is another factor to consider because there really isn't much around the casino - plus it's far from the Strip for visitors. You'll definitely need a car if you stay here.Finally, the food doesn't quite live up to level of quality at the hotel. Compared to other Strip casino hotels which have great restaurants there or nearby, this hotel's food is okay but not great.Overall, a really nice stay and we were glad we came to relax here. A 4.5 star review.
4	This place is not close to the strip. About 15 miles away, but on the same street as the strip, but we knew that going into our stay. We were nervous about what it would be like but we were pleasantly surprised. It was SO nice! The decor was very cool, West Elm'ish.  Everything (with the exception of the food which was just so-so) was wonderful. When we checked in, the staff was friendly and seemed to always be smiling and go over and beyond our expectations. No one ever made us feel like we were bothering them. When we got into the room, it was big and very clean. We got a deck of cards from their casino as a little gift in our room along with a bottle of wine, slippers, and tank tops with the Summer VIP special we used to book the room. We loved the TV in the bathroom mirror and the electric shades in the bathroom and bedroom were very nice too. We had a lot of fun playing at the slots and even came home with some winnings. We went to see the Live Cooking Show and that was definitely worth it too. Tina was amazing and had a lot of knowledge, and the best part was you get to stay and have VIP seating and enjoy the hotels AYCE buffet after the show.We would definitely return to the M Resort and maybe rent a private cabana next time. Our only disappointment was there was not really a good breakfast place - BUT Hash House is opening up in October so that will fix that problem.
1	I hated the M resort!  Wwaaaayyyy tooooo far from the strip!  The shuttle is only on the hour and only goes to the Mall and the Airport... hmmm... I didn't travel to Vegas to go to either of those places.  After the inital shock of how far I was from the strip, I was overwhlemed with the old lady perfume that they pumped at the front desk, the casino and even the pool!  It stunk!There was no one at the tables, because NO ONE wants to be at the M!!!  Stay away, stay far away.. yes, tht means STAY ON THE STRIP!  Cabs are $35 one way, any amount of money you save on the hotel room, you will spend MORE on the cabs!
4	My impression is that The M Resort is a Hotel first with a Casino, rather than a Casio with a hotel. The architecture, the setting, the finishes and furnishings are great. Quality and friendliness of the staff is excellent. The room we had was wonderful, with a spectacular view of the strip from the south. The bed was extremely comfortable with very nice linens. The bathroom had a nice big, deep bathtub as well as a large walk-in shower with a bench.Like several other reviewers, our room overlooked the pool. It was quite windy the days we were there so some of the furniture had been blown into the pool overnight, but the staff was out cleaning and setting up early. I wish we had had more time to stay around the hotel and relax around the pool.The cocktails at the lobby bar, casino bar and restaurant bars were very high quality - and complimentary if you were gambling at the casino bar.We hear lots of rave reviews about the buffet, but were quite disappointed to find there was no place to get breakfast besides the buffet. On Sunday that meant breakfast was over $30 for the seafood brunch and not until later in the morning. If it weren't for the lack of a place for breakfast I would have given this place a 5 star rating.We did eat at two of the restaurants and the food was great.The Casino, as has been mentioned, was not overly crowded and most importantly was not at all smoky. They must have extraordinary filtering systems because there were smokers, but you wouldn't have known because of the air quality.The distance from the strip isn't a big deal if you take the hotel's complimentary shuttle to the strip, the outlet mall or the airport. We found the frequency of the shuttle was very agreeable.
5	Located off the strip, this is a great casino to mingle with both tourists and the locals.  You don't feel pressure from the people at the strip when you're doing a little gambling and the dealers are really nice and patient.  They will sit there and explain the game, over and over whether you are playing or are simply an observer.  Takes the pressure off of being intimated on house rules when you're playing at the tables.Bathrooms are really clean.  Gaming area maintained impeccable. The view at night of Las Vegas from the parking lot is gorgeous!  A simple looking deli with tasty sandwiches open 24 hours.
5	The M Resort & Hotel is awesome!! The decor in the lobby, casino area, hallways, elevators and rooms are just phenomenal! (The bathroom even has a flat screen TV built into the mirror). My boyfriend and I were visiting some local friends that had a free weekend stay at the hotel and decided to hang out with them at the pool. We were lucky enough to get a cabana (and not very expensive at all) from 11a-7pm. The cabana's there are gorgeous! flat screens, fridge, sofa, dining table, and we had our own private jacuzzi! The M is located off the strip, about 20 minutes away, but well worth the drive off the 15! :)
4	I will definately come here again.I think if you are coming to vegas and want to party hard and dance all night, you need to stay on the strip.But we were having a relaxing girls weekend during Labor Day (bit of an oxymoron perhaps) and we found this place to be perfect.Cleanest pool in all of Las Vegas and most modern.  You can lay on the lip of the pool all day in the water.  Or get a cabana like we did.  You get it from 11-7, flat screen (most awesome for football sundays), fridge, sink, couches, private lounge chairs, a ceiling fan and other stuff.  we got it in the VIP area--Daydream.  Beware that they add on a 20% gratuity after you settle your bill with the cabana price included!get the pitcher of plum sake and then drink champs all day.  we hosted a poker tourney in there and blasted our own sound system.The resort rooms are fantastic with an all window bathroom so that you can view the strip while you bathe, but look for the remote controlled shades that come down and the mirror that has a hidden t.v. in it.The gambling is fun, and the rewards are instant.  They were giving out clus du bos rose that weekend which was nice.They have plenty of gorgeous bars, including the 16th floor view of the strip surprisingly with $8.50 cocktails!  Also including the Hostile Grape tasting room open until 2 am that we totally dug.best reason to go is the automatic 30% discount to all california resies.
5	The only thing that could make this resort better is if it was either a little closer to the strip or they offered 24hr shuttle service to the strip. I honestly don't have one bad thing to say about this place so I'll say a bunch of good things.Even though some parts of the casino had a stronger "foo foo smell" than others, it was nice to be in a place that didn't smell like smoke, alcohol and vomit. Some hotel casinos really smell foul. Not this one.Even though I didn't eat anything from BabyCakes, I will definitely sample some of their goodies next time. Sometimes I want one of each delectable dessert and BabyCakes makes that possible with their miniature treats. Imagine panna cotta that's only 2 bites. Brilliant idea so you can try several desserts if you feel the need. Don't yell at me but I didn't get to eat their buffet. I KNOW! It's the only thing I really wanted to eat while in Vegas but my traveling companions didn't want to eat that much and I didn't have enough time to eat alone. Bummer.The staff, from the bellpeople to the housekeepers, were top notch. I asked our housekeeper if I could have an extra container of bath salts and she gave me SIX! Perfect for traveling & the only hotel I've seen that has them. Brilliant idea. I'd like to give a special shout-out to bellperson Cristina. What an amazing person. She was so nice and so helpful. I'm still scratching my head as to why she decided to move to the desert from San Diego. Is she nucking futs? I'd also like to recognize a guy at the front desk. I can't remember his name and I didn't write it down but you can't miss him. How many people at the desk have a completely empty sleeve. The crazy thing is, I didn't even notice he was missing an arm until I was almost done checking out. So nice. I'll most likely stay here again but I'll have to bring more money to pay for cabs back and forth to the strip. I can't take another sober Vegas weekend!
4	Stayed here during Labor Day Weekend. (Fri-Mon)Located away from the strip, it's about a 10 minute drive on the side roads.  The M Resort. Spa. Casino has nice interior & exterior designs.  Had a view of the strip in the distance... it would be nice if the M was a LITTLE closer to the strip OR if another 2 resorts open up within walking distance from the M.  There weren't too many people staying there, which was kind of nice since there were no long waits for the elevators, restaurants, or to check-in/out.  My favorite, the pool... this would be a pretty awesome spot for pool parties.  They already have live entertainment play every now and then, but they're more for the older crowd (at least when I was there).  Now, get some big named artists/DJ's & you've got yourself tons of people buying tickets to your pool party.  I'd get one of those cabanas centered in the middle of the pool.  Bad side about the pool, even though the weather was hot & all you wanted to do was relax, it was SUPER windy since the resort is located right by the mountains.  Lounge pillows, umbrellas, magazines, cabana tarps, the band's microphones & stands kept shifting, making it kind of hard to relax by the pool & the band kept getting interrupted due to the technical/natural difficulties.It's too bad all of the restaurants aren't open all day/night.  There was a small selection to choose from if you were hungry at certain time.  The staff is friendly (always a good thing).  Rooms are nice.  Double sinks, tub, shower, plasma, the usual... tv monitor in the bathroom area.  Nifty light up notices, "Do Not Disturb" outside your door (ability to leave on or turn off for room service).  Place your room key in the slot near the door and you'll be energy sufficient (certain lights will turn on, only if the card is in the slot - to save energy).I would stay here again :]
5	Although I have not been in many hotels, but with a history of working at a hotel increases my expectation of hotels. Even at the most high rated hotels disappoints me. This Resort, however is the most impressive I have ever been at.My friend made the booking himself. I trust in his selections so I told him to plan my entire Vegas trip (my first time in Vegas at the age of 26; i'm a late bloomer). We saw the M Resort at a distant and I have to say, "impressive". The building was beautifully standing and definitely has an alluring sensation about it.Upon our arrival, the service was instantly magnificent right off the back! They opened the cab door for us and greeted us with a smile. I was amazed by the entrance to the lobby. The glass made me felt like I was staying at a VIP hotel. (if it wasn't, it should be!)The interior was stunning and breath-taking. The patterns and lighting made it most welcoming. The front desk agent was positive and informative about the hotel (what every front desk staff should be; informative).From the lobby, in the elevator and down the hallway of our floor that we were staying at, I couldn't help it but to take photos of everything I saw. The decor was perfect.Again, not expecting much from the hotel rooms, I have to say my jaw dropped to the floor. The rooms was beautiful. The simplicity of the beds and bedsheets made me jumped into it. I loved it. We loved it.I wanted to sleep in it right away, but since we both haven't ate for over 36 hours (due to the fact that we spent the day before packing up for the 4 day trip in Vegas) we took the front desk agent (Terrance) recommendation (also the taxi cab driver's) to try the Buffet. It was rated the Best Buffet in Las Vegas. (Sure... I thought to myself) The line was a bit long and it ended up a 45 minute wait. I was hesitant at first since I wasn't crazy about waiting and being hungry made me a bit bitchy, but since I was too lazy to walk around and look for another restaurant in the hotel and I felt like I could've eaten a horse, I decided to wait it out.It was the most expensive Buffet I ate at but holy cow... totally worth the moola; totally worth the wait. They have over 250 selections! I thought that was a bit much but if you really think about it, that's how much a buffet should have! Every dish was made as if specifically for you (and not by quantity; well, it certainly tasted like that). It was sensation. I recommend everyone to try the buffet. Drive or cab it there, I guarantee you you will not be disappointed.Even our housekeeper (Teresita) was fabulous in her details of cleaning. My friend and I crowded the counter area in the bathroom with our products of shampoo, locations, deodorant, toothbrush and other millions of essentials needed for the bathroom area. While we left the hotel (on our 2nd day there) to walk along the Vegas Strip the housekeeper cleaned our room. We went came back, she neatly organized our stuff on a towel on the counter. Refreshed our towels and neatly did our beds and other housekeeping stuff. I was in love w/ the Hotel. We were in love with the M Resort.We also ordered room service. (we like to do everything we can and experience everything). The food was excellent! The girl that took our order was fantastic and patient with us.I can't speak for him (for i'm sure he has even more fabulous things to mention about the M Resort) but I am definitely staying at the M Resort. Even if all of my friends stays on the strip, I'm staying at the M Resort if/when I return to Vegas next time.Thank you for the fabulous experience!
4	The Great - The Bathtub & the staffThe Good - The cleanliness The Bad - The freakin' window washer at 8 in the morning The Ugly - The distance from the strip and the everlasting wait at the players deskFirst time at the M.  This is definately a place for the older clientelle.  The pool was nice - both the Itallian Restaraunt and Steak House were great. Pricey - but it was expected.  The room was clean -all of the staff was friendly and helpful.The biggest downfall was location.  You can't just walk out to the strip.  But we should have known that before we booked the room!  All in all - I might stay there again
5	AWESOME! Visited here on the last night of our trip to Vegas and cannot wait to go back. Their seafood buffet was amazing (free beer and wine; pastries were awesome too!); as was our server.The staff, the dealers were all so hospitable and went out of their way to help teach us Craps. Also, smoke free - which is very refreshing. Didn't stay in the hotel rooms of the casino - but they looked beautifully contemporary with a great view of The Strip!
2	this review is for the buffet.  The quality of the food is mediocre...  plain and simple.  Cheap wine, subpar meat, poor quality sushi, dessert that's overloaded with sugar... overall, not worth it considering other places to choose from at this price range.  The extra star is for the cleanliness/service of the buffet overall.
5	This is officially my favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  When I go to Vegas, it's usually for work, so I try and avoid the whole strip scene and craziness, so I LOVE that The M is way on the south end....but conveniently close to the freeways.  Also a quick drive to Townsquare, my favorite shopping center and Wholefoods.  But if you're up for it, they have a shuttle to the Strip so you don't have to drink and drive.Ok, so my first stop when I got there was the pool, I'm a pool snob, not gonna lie, and this was my favorite so far.  It was also a Tuesday, so there were only about 10 others there, most of which were 85 year olds.  But the pool staff were more than attentive, bringing me water, towels, etc.  The music was perfect volume and the beds were comfy as well.  LOVE this pool!The staff was really nice, helpful and accomodating, but I didn't really have to deal with them that much during my stay.The rooms were nice and clean, bathroom was huge and amazing and decor was modern and comfortable.  I didn't really have much of a view from my room but I didn't really mind, I'm sure you can request it.  ALthough the view of the Strip is distant.I also like that I could park myself and walk into the hotel, valet is nice sometimes but unnecessary, especially when your there for an entire week and running low on cash.I had a great stay here, I will definitely be back!
5	# 400Gorgeous casino- inside and out- impeccable attention to detailThe best pool layout- hands down- we lingered here a while- just beautiful- an ideal setting for a reality show, but then again it's too classy, not trashyExpansive interior- no small corridors here; people are not bumping into youLight flows in- unusual for a casino, since most of them are dark and you get this "closed off" feeling- you really don't feel like you're in as casinoHuge floral displays- really fragrant- not overpoweringBaby Cakes- excellent gelato at reasonable prices (*sometimes if we're coming from stateline, we'll stop by here for the gelato*)- also sells artisan bread, cakes, pastries, etc. Help yourself to **complimentary fountain drinks**- another feature setting itself apart from the restCafe- ate there once, it was good but I don't remember what I hadBuffet- heard from about three or four people that it's really good + beer and wine is included at no additional cost; curious to see for myself
4	M Resort gets extra points for coolness and definitely has some of the friendliest staff I've encountered in Las Vegas. This is more of a locals place for gaming and is increasingly popular as a place for events.The restaurants are decent (great Chateaubriand in the steakhouse) and the rooms are nice and contemporary, clean and newer.It's not a place to stay for a classic Strip experience but as a destination, it's worth visiting. The deli in the lobby is just so so. One of the coolest things for us avid Coke Zero drinkers is that you can have as much as you like from the fountain dispensers in the lobby.There's a cool wine tasting shop downstairs and a nice little bakery and ice cream shop just off of reception on the main floor.The pool is a cool place too and parts are open to locals.
3	This place is a bit out from the strip. The casino is OK looking - new and clean. Lots of parking of course....and the fake grass in the front is pretty awesome. At least this casino is being conscious about their environment that there is not enough water to water their grass outside..so the fake turf is awesome.
5	This Hotel/Casino should be on the Main Strip instead of out of the way.It is definitely a Locals Casino but has the flare of the major casinos.It is owned by the Architect of the Wynn and I think his son runs the place.The buffet is definitely a place to stop by and grab a bite...This is generally my FIRST and LAST stop in Vegas for the past 2 years now....Stop in to gamble when I get in town and stop by to gamble before I am out of town.Check it out people it's right off the Highway and St Rose Parkway.One day I'll have to stay here.
4	M resort was really pretty! I ran in here while in Vegas to try their amazing buffet lunch. From what I saw, it was amazingly put together, clean, great air circulation in the casino, as well as high-tech machines and bar setup.I liked! If it weren't 13 miles off the strip, I'd stay here next time I visted Vegas.
5	Wonderful place. Friendly staff, nice rooms, great restaurants. Any casino that serves Sierra Nevada to penny-slot players gets my business! Studio B is one of the Top 3 buffets in town. Like Randall G., we always stop here first and last when we hit Vegas. Good Player's Club, too. Lots of free room offers and free stuff to enjoy. For local slot players, the weekends are 7X points days, which can add up to free buffets and the like very quickly.
4	this buffet definitely has a lot of variety.  i thought it would never end haha.  best part is unlimited drinks!  wine/beer included.it's about 30 minutes from the strip, and $36 plus change for the meal.  guess they just started this last saturday, but...TIP: if you go on SATURDAY get a player's card (free) and get a buy one get one free meal!
4	I've always just driven past this hotel to and from The Strip, but finally we decided to stop at The M Resort to try the infamous Studio B Buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/studio-b-buffet-henderson#hrid:YqQFE3mvYVzfkfYzVeXaxA). This hotel is absolutely gorgeous! The decor is phenomenal! The design is modern and the casino floor is very spacious. I'd recommend definitely checking this resort out sometime.I'd be interested to, but probably would never stay here because it is too far away from The Strip for my taste. However, I will definitely be back for their restaurants... particularly the buffet!
5	This is a great Resport Hotel that is a bit off the strip.  The staff was very nice, they have a great sports book with an attached beer bar (32 degrees) and an excellet spa.  I had dinner at several of the restaurants that were also top shelf.The rooms are all new with state of the art electronics and wireless wi-fi.  They are worth checking out!!
3	The M Resort is located off the strip but since my mom has nothing but good things to say about this place, I decided to check it out.  In all fairness, the 3-star rating I'm giving it is probably not the fairest because I haven't actually stayed here.  I'd probably want to go back and spend more time there than just heading to the buffet (which was AWESOME!) so that I can give it a more accurate rating.  But from what I saw, the lobby was beautiful and the staff seemed friendly.
5	A hidden gem off the strip of Las Vegas.  I'd highly recommend to those who have visited the busy town before and would like to stay close and yet a touch of tranquility is of value.  It's about 15 minutes from the strip and about 25 with traffic.  The hotel is 5-star in my opinion.  Service at the front desk and top notch.  People there were helpful.  all problems were fixed right the way, not that they were anything to bothersome.  The room was classy and very clean.  I had one with the strip view.  AWESOME day and night!  The carpet was spotless.  Restroom was pretty cool.  a bigger tub for two would be the only recommendation i request.  There are two chairs for you to look out the great view and perhaps get intimate with your honey.  ; )The buffet was very good.  No wonder it was the best in Vegas in 2010.  Line was ridiculously long though.  Do not come for diner if you have a 7pm show lined up.  You literally have to wait for hours.  It's worth it if time allowed though.  I like their clam chowder, crab legs (lots of work), prime ribs and cocktail shrimps.  as a matter of fact, they are the only things i had since i had a show to catch.  : (Like most previous yelpers, staff are nice, helpful and always cheerful.  Come to try it out yrself!
4	I was attending a conference at the South Point Casino and a bunch of us split a cab to the nearby M Report Buffet. Word was it was one of the best buffets in Vegas. We were not disappointed. Seating was reasonably quick. Price was good for the huge variety, which included lots of Asian selections and beer/wine. A cute thing they do is put the home towns of the staff on their name tags. It's a great way to really jaw with the person cracking open your beer. The rest of the resort looks modern and gorgeous. There's a very different crowd and vibe here. It's too bad its so far from the actual strip.But if you're attending a conference on the cheaper "south strip" (which I think means the South Point Casino and Walgreens), blow off the South Point's buffet and split a cab for this resort's buffet.
5	I wondered into this casino not knowing what to expect. It's so far from nothing at the extreme south end of town that it could've easily been hit or miss.I was thoroughly impressed with everything I came in contact with from the valet service to the carpet to the table games and the bathroom stalls. It's very well designed, modern, easy on the eyes, and well equipped for their guests to have a great time.They host an astonishing array of restaurants that are famously featured, and they're all worth visiting so far. It's worth the trip to go out of your way to check it out!Yep......I'm definitely a fan!
4	Went to the M after a lot of good recommendations for the buffet.  Breakfast buffet was $9.99 during the week and had a good spread of food.  You can even stay until the lunch food comes out :)  The hotel is about 20 minutes south or the strip, but worth the drive for a new hotel/casino and buffet.
5	The M Resort Buffet! The best buffet I have ever tried in my life. This place has the greatest selection of food yet alone the dessert are to die for (& it's all you can eat!) must go for an all you can eat seafood buffet on the weekends. And drink my favorite wine that they provide: cider.
5	My wife and I stayed here a few days in October, before our wedding at the Bellagio because it was close to my family in Henderson. I had been hearing a lot of great things about M. Needless to say, everything was true. First of all, the rooms are beautiful. Very modern. Our 4 year old daughter got a real kick out of the push button courtains, bathroom shade and using the key card to keep the lights on. The people that work at M are incredibly nice. The casino isn't that big, but it is big enough. The wine cellar in the basement is the best. We were in there on a Fridat night and it wasn't busy at all, but then again, it can be hard to find. The restaurant at the top of M, Veloce, was great! We sat in the bar with a great view of the strip. The food is reasonably priced for Vegas standards. Our waitress was really great as well.The M Bar in the center of the casino is a great place to hang out and play video blackjack. It is great for people watching. I ordered a Maker's Mark Manhattan and wasn't even charged for it. Usually, I have to pay a few bucks even though I am playing at the bar.For all you single guys out there, or married ones that like to look, The cocktail waitresses here are gorgeous! My wife even commented. The hostesses at all the restaurants are just as easy on the eyes. I would say they are the hottest in Las Vegas
4	The buffet here is by far, the best buffet in Las Vegas! I am not big on buffets, simply because I am not able to consume as much as I'd like in order to get my money's worth lol.The casino itself if pretty nice. The interior looks similar to Red Rock. The slot area is pretty big, you really could get lost in here! They used to have the self serve soda fountain like they do in Socal, but they removed it for some reason. They cocktails that they serve are usually in pretty big glasses, unlike the ones you get at other local casinos or on the strip. The rooms are pretty nice, my friend's room that I was able to peep had a nice view of the strip. There are some bars and restaurants that are located on the upper levels, which is pretty cool, you'll get the same view of the strip up there.The only thing that I can complain about is that... If you're a gambler and you're expecting comps, hey I know it's a recession, but don't expect to get treated like royalty. We went there pretty much 3 times a week for a whole month and my husband plays at the tables while I use his card at the slots... Yea, all we got was 2 free buffets and we wanted 4. Ok so I sound like a little spoiled brat BUT if you go any where else, they'd at least Ok the 4 buffets, just sayin. Otherwise, I love this casino, wish it was closer!
5	I love this Resort. I like that its still on the strip but its not so suffocated with the rest of the hotels. The decor on the main casino floor is very classy. The Front Desk Area smells of lilies. And all of the employees are very professional and pleasant. I spent my 21st Birthday here, we got an upgrade to our suite. The views of the city is breathtaking. The room was clean, and the attention to detail was spectacular. The bartender was so nice, she gave us a couple drinks on the house since it was my birthday. There was no time for us to go to the pool, however we did walk around it. the atmosphere was so peaceful. I think that this hotel would be a perfect spot for a staycation. If you want to get away from Vegas in Vegas, come to the M.
5	My boyfriend and I came down to Vegas to celebrate his birthday last weekend. I read an article in Budget Travel about these hotels that had just finished major renovations; this place was highly recommended. Located 10 minutes off the strip, it's an easy getaway from the craziness when you need it! The rooms were large and spacious. Floor-to-ceiling windows provide spectacular mountain views. The shower was addicting, but the bathtub was relaxation city! While you enjoy your bubble bath, a huge glass window gives you ample view of your living room and the city lights beyond! If you're on the shy end of the spectrum don't worry--- the automatic shade will give you all the privacy you need.  Then you can turn on the TV built right into your bathroom mirror. I felt like a kid again--- happily splashing away to Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.The service was outstanding. The employees we met genuinely seemed like they were happy to be there, and they did their jobs well.  We felt completely taken care of.When you call, ask for their anniversary package. The price is right, and it comes with a slew of savings: discounts off the spa and several restaurants, free wifi, bottles of wine y mucho mas... Good thru August 2011.  See you there!
4	a nice place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  i'd love to stay here one day just so i can really experience the M besides the amazing buffet!  on the way to Vegas, there are tacky billboards about the M resort, but i don't think it's that tacky at all.  perhaps they like to cater to the older crowd in a modern setting.Specialty: Studio B BuffetRecommendations for first timers: BuffetService: 9/10 Variety: 8/10, Parking: 10/10 marc out.
2	The slots here aren't top shelf. They lack a lot of the fun new slots that the other hotels on the strip have. Atmosphere is nice but waiting in a huge line for member services and buffet on a Monday definitely not fun.
5	LOVE this place!
4	Great stay at The M Resort!  Quite a bit away from the Strip but if you have a car, it's easy to get to from the highway or from the strip.  Just go south all the way from the main strip until you see a black building by itself set amongst the hills of Las Vegas. The room was very nice, clean and luxurious.  The bed was quite comfortable.  The bathroom is neat with a TV embedded in the mirror!  I have one tiny complaint about the bath tub.  It's way too curvy like the ones they have in Italy.  Also, the bathtub is facing a tub-to-ceiling window with blinds.  This is my peeve.  When the light is on in the bathroom, the light comes through on the outside of the blinds and frames the window.  It's a little annoying when one is trying to sleep.  Also, who wants to look out of the window when one is taking a bath?!?  Housekeeping was quite good in cleaning and keeping up with our demands of certain items required each day.  The Casino is frequented by a lot of locals and theStudio B Buffet is always packed!!  Good layout of the casino with lots of different entrances to the casino from the parking lots and parking garage.  If you need to fill up on gas 'cos the resort's so far away from anything else, don't worry there is a gas station on site.   The buffet is more crowded on weekends 'cos of the Seafood Buffet.
5	Slick, Exclusive, Warm and Professional.Food is ridiculously good, staff hot and friendly, security invisible.If you don't have a (rental) car, you can't afford to be here haha!
5	A new hotel with the same new insides including a buffet - go figure.The old aunt and uncle wanted to eat here last time we were in town so we obliged, and aside from the buffet being wayyyy accross the casino - and the fact that i had to PAY TO RENT A WHEEL CHAIR for a clearly handicapped old gal, We'll be back, but only cause u have an espresso bar at the buffet's desert table. Thanks M.  See u soon..like this weekend.  :D
5	One word, "BUFFET"..Crab legs, Crab legs, Crab legs.  Sooo good!!
5	Because it's on the other side of the world from where I live, I've only been here a few times over the past year.  I wish it was closer to where I live because i love this place.  Here's why:- Amazing design.  I'm not an expert on architecture or design, but I love the way this place is designed.  The use of natural lighting, the decor, it's just fantastic.- Great food selection.  I've only eaten at 3 restaurants here, they are all very good.- The pool area.  They have concerts and events here that are a lot of fun.  I also like how you can dine and have drinks at restaurants and lounges overlooking the pool.  I've never had drinks at one of these spots during a concert, but would love to do that sometime.....I'm over the "be in the thick of things" and would prefer to watch a concert from afar.My only complaint is the parking.  It's not intuitive for me.  The only parking area I've used is the surface lot on the right side of the building.....which is a freaking long walk to the casino.Will I return?  I want to, but it will be a while before I make that drive.
4	A room worth taking a picture of. I was impressed, my friends have said great things about this resort/hotel but it is until you actually stay there that you appreciate it. I was skeptical at first because it is away from all the Vegas action, although they offer a shuttle I didn't even had to get out the resort during my 2 nights stay.  The room: the room! yes, from the floor to ceiling windows, the power blinds that cover them, the detached tub that has a glass window overlooking the bedroom area, and the mirror built in TV in the bathroom... I can say that it is one of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed at. The resort: Looks and feels new, nice pool area with wet bar, buffet is fine  and the casino area is pleasant. If you want to stay at a resort and enjoy a nice place away from home ( if you don't live in Vegas), the M is the place. If you are a first timer in Vegas you may want something more simple and in a more central location.
4	the casino is very contemporary -- ultra-sleek and easy to navigate.  everything looks new and shiny.  the casino floor is bright yet intimate.  the food selection (restaurants) are plentiful.   the only negative is its location...almost halfway to Primm! (just joking).  I would go here any day of the week over the over-hyped Red Rock mess of a casino.  so I wish it was on the west side of town, where I always stay.  so since its aways away from where I go, I'll never really go here.  I wanna try their buffet next...so we'll see.  anyway, if you're in the area, give it a go.  we were there on a thursday afternoon, and it was DEAD.  seriously, the deadest casino I'd ever been in.  I felt like we were the last humans on earth entering this place.  sad.  so if you live near here...or are headed into vegas from LA...stop by and check it out...its worth it!
5	Go for the great sportsbook lines and the pool during the summer. I have not tried the restaurants. They have paid a lot of attention to detail at this hotel and is probably the best off Strip casino
1	I really liked the M when it first opened!  Not so much anymore.In the beginning it had a nice vibe to it.  The beer bar was awesome.  They had complimentary soda stations located throughout.  Prices were low.  Payouts were good.  It was worth the extra drive for me to go every now and then.Now...it's become the haven for old people and d-bags.  If the person in front of you doesn't have a walker, they probably have an Affliction shirt on.  Gone are the complimentary soda stations.  The good vibe and welcoming feel has diminished, prices are up, and it stinks!  I would've figured that with the money they spent on this place that they would've installed a good ventilation system.  But I guess not because this joint reeks of stale cigarette smoke.  I leave with a horrible headache and dried out eyes because of the smoke every time!The only thing I really like about the M now is the new Hash House A Go Go location that opened up here.  Granted it's not as big or nice looking as the Sahara location, but there's not as big of a wait to get seated at this one, and the view is kinda nice on a clear day.  But in order to avoid the smoke smell and less-than-desired clientele I'll take my chances with the wait at the Sahara HHAGG.
2	Now that I have your attention, let me qualify the 2 Star "award". The good: the rooms are excellent; great design and better views. The architecture is captivating, and the prices are acceptable.However, the shuttle they claim to offer from the airport is pointless for most. Check the online schedule BEFORE you book a flight. The pick up times are sporadic at best.... who wants to wait 2-3 hours for a shuttle? the Taxi will cost $40 w/o tip. When you see the M Resort offer anything "complimentary", its NOT. At best, its a 2 for 1 offer.  Forget the buffet if your time means anything to you.... we stood 15 minutes and moved, I'm not joking, 4 feet! We arrived looking forward to relaxing at their gorgeous pool only to be told that the area is closed through March. We tried to get a glass of wine at the Hostile Grape; oops, closed 3 days a week! And if you like to shop, plan on renting a car because there is none at M, and the hotel is in the middle of NOWHERE. Next time I'll try Green Valley Ranch or South Point.
5	I'm going to preach to the choir here.  The room here is out of this world great!  You got this plush tub that has a view out to the desert . Dreamy bed that you sink into and just fade into lala land! Everything in the room is just elegant! The rest of the amenities are great as well.  You would think drinks at the bar would have cost an arm and a leg, but it was actually affordable for a fancy joint like this. Ok.. here is the down fall or the silver lining of this place.  It's a ways from the strip.  If you like peace and quiet at a high class hotel, this is the place. If not.. don't bother.
5	The best hotel stay i have had in a long time. Well worth the money.
4	I went for the first time when they just opened and I wasn't sure how I felt about this hotel. It was crowded,hot and all the employees seemed so confused like a bunch of chickens running around without their heads on!!!I went back a few months later and I began to appreciate this hotel and what it has to offer. I do like how it looks inside. The Lobby is quite elegant and I do feel like I can breathe. Some hotels make me feel claustrophobic.... I really enjoy the Studio B Buffet and now they are home to a Hash House a Go Go which is yummy too... The Babycakes Bakery is cute and I hear that the Sandwich shop is one to try. I like the location of this hotel, it's still near my house but out of the way of too much conjestion like on the strip. I do apprecitate this hotel now and do plan to visit often. This hotel would be more enjoyable with a movie theater,maybe a bowling alley-some other form of entertainment...
5	Came here using the SoCal special they had during Valentine's weekend.  Came with a free bottle of wine and some comps.The hotel is beautiful! The wall of lilies make a picture perfect background.  You can tell they put a lot of detail into the hotel, it really shows. It's a bit far from the strip, but we were looking for a semi-quiet weekend so it was perfect.  After spending our last vacation I NEVER wanted to see a fist pumped til summer where it'd be impossible to avoid.  So we had to get away from the strip.The place is clean and it smells like roses.  The rooms are spacious and the beds are comfy.  I like the key-card light idea because I know all my friends NEVER turn off the lights in their room and I always thought it was such a waste of energy.  I also enjoy the separate shower and bath (which has a window so you can look out onto the view you have in your room).  THe bathroom also has a tv incorporated into the mirror which I thought was a cool idea.  The one thing I didn't like about the rooms were there was no padding on the doors(main, bathroom, shower, etc) so that everytime you closed a door it ended in a louder than normal thud.  The buffet is the best one in LV and I've been to them all! Honestly, I'm not a big buffet fan bc I think the food is all mediocre but they had a wide selection of foods that were good for the most part.  Its also very nicely decorated like the rest of the hotel with big screens going across one wall showcasing images of aquatic life and a bit of Food Network.
5	The casino is fun and has the best buffet!!
4	This is a nice resort.. Nice to get away from the strip.. The buffet here is modern and delicious. Definitely worth trying this place out!
5	I've stayed here several times and each time was a fantastic experience!  Not only do I love the hotel, I love the fact that they have soda fountain machines on the casino floor...no need to buy drinks :)  Absolutely love the contemporary design of the rooms!  Oh my god the bed and the restroom is amazing too!  I can't wait to go and stay here!
3	What started off as a break the mold amazing casino, is quickly becoming "Blah Bah Station" casino. I hate that we can't have nice things here without some pencil pushing bean counter messing it up. Business is declining here and I don't think it's solely because the economy. They have lost their original vision and need to find it fast, before it's too late!Cheers to all the oversized chested cocktail waitresses. I love that someone still knows how to hire them.Jeers to taking out the soda fountains. A great idea that was original and cost nothing. Yet someone figured they would save ten cents! Sheesh!
3	I used to love this casino but I think it has gone downhill.  I used to be able to get some play on the machines there before.  Now, that is not the case at all!  I no longer gamble here.   I do like the freebies they give away and the line is usually long (when it's liquor) but it moves fast.  All of the employees that I have encountered are pretty friendly.  I used to frequent the buffet but recently stopped going because the line is always a mile long no matter what time you go and service has been lacking.  And for me, I think drink service is lacking big time in the slot section.  I think I was able to get a drink once and I have gambled there many times.
3	Great place for food and relaxing poolside along a cabana... But it is too far off the strip and therefore lacks a party atmosphere!
5	as a local, the M is the perfect get-a-way for my stay-cations! my ohana always makes it out there at least once a month and i just started tagging along the last two months. they have the best buffet EVER, the cleanest rooms, a hip atmosphere, and the most relaxing poolside. it's about 5 minutes south of the strip and doesn't get too much traffic during the weekdays. anyone visiting from california? they are running a cali special right now. don't know exactly what it is but you can check it out here: http://www.themresort.com. i recommend calling when booking your stay and mentioning the cali special, otherwise you might not get it booking online. not a big gambla and if you're not either, the room is perfect for getting last minute work done, the pool is always wonderful treat, and food is scump no matter where you dine. when i am feeling lucky i take my chances at the ultimate poker or crazy four table. win or lose, it's a good time!
5	I went to this hotel to celebrate my mother's 80th birthday.  Everyone was so nice and helpful with her scooter going in and out of the car.  I did not have to do anything but direct, which was a huge change from the Encore. All of the staff were smiling and very pleasant.  The room was immaculate and I think this is a very nice hotel that has no resort fee.
5	My favorite place to stay and play in Vegas.  The one and only CON to this place is it's proximity to the strip, but depending on what you are in Vegas to do, everything else will make up for it.  I usually just into relaxing, gym, spa, pool time so it works for me.I have stayed here at least three times, which is much better than staying at the BF's house literally blocks away :-).  The rooms are beautiful and very green.  The staff is always friendly.I use the fitness center any chance I get because I love taking advantage of the steam room, showers, and spa lounge.  I have also gotten treatments twice at the Spa and both were fantastic.  Oh, and Rachel, the spa attendant is amazing.  See my Spa Mio review.I have also gotten cabana's at Daydream and the Main Pool.  Compared to anywhere else on the strip, the prices are great!  And so is the service.In addition, we eat at Veloce quite often and have yet to eat at any of the other restaurants... which I sweat I am going to do!  (Hash House doesn't count..)Overall, the decor, service, staff and value are unsurpassed for Las Vegas.  Definitely worth it!
5	great place to stay if you're in vegas and don't mind driving 10-15 mins to get to the strip. all the staff i saw looked happy and friendly,M had the best buffet i experienced during my visit and i met the hardest working waitress i know of... she literally ran from table to table keeping drink glasses full, taking away empty plates, wiping down tables, preparing place settings for guests, keeping everyone happy for the entire time i was there.
4	The M rocks my socks (or something like that). And it may just be because of proximity, but I find myself hanging out here a lot. The gaming minimums are perfect for me. It's never too crowded. The spa and salon are nice. The pool area is great. The decor / atmosphere is good. It's one of the best buffets in Vegas. The Chicago Dog at the deli is awesome. The beer selection is one of the best in Vegas. And, best of all, they know how to treat locals right.
5	Absolutely AWESOME. They need to teach others (including the Tropicana on the strip) customer service. They really know what they're doing and took care of us every step of the way. I stayed there for a conference last year and am looking forward to the same conference this year which made the wise choice of re-upping with them to host the 2011 version. Do yourself a favor and stay a bit further out and just enjoy everything at the M. Great pool, nice casino, comfortable rooms (albeit a little weird modern design) and more.
4	I stayed here for a department off site, so I can't comment on the price. STAFF: Totally impressed. Served chilled bottled water while waiting in line to check in. Every time anyone of us had a puzzled look, one of the staff members immediately asked if we needed any assistance, escorted to elevators & anything else we were looking for. Cleaning ladies uber friendly & chatted w/ us too.ROOM: Clean w/ modern & sleek decor (photos included in my review) beautiful view, comfy bed, TV in the mirror of the bathroom. remote shades, free WiFi*Notes -If you check-in with a debit card, they charge you $100 & credit you back when you check out. -Free hotel shuttle goes to the airport and Las Vegas (drops you off across the street from Wynn hotel)FOOD: Excellent.Studio B buffet is awesome!! So many choices and wine & beer are included!Baby Cakes - yummy Sticky Pecan Buns & Italian Donuts! (also have cupcakes and danishes etc.) Overall, I would definitely stay here again the next time I visit Vegas. It's only 15 minutes from the strip.
4	I love the M visually and really like the free soda bars. I am probably the only sports better that does not like their book but, it is not comfy for me to sit and watch a game. But great views of the strip and a local way to enjoy the high end of Vegas.
5	The buffet is beyond words.  I don't even know where to begin.Well, first off, when I went with my family there was 7 of us.  All together it would have cost us $210.  There was a 2 for 1 lunch special going on at the time for card holders.  My uncle's sister had a card and she got her husband's card and gave it to us to use.  The lady at the front desk said that if we got 3 more cards it would be about half off.  So my uncle and two aunts got cards and we only had to pay about $100.  Not bad at all for a gourmet show kitchen.The selection is absolute VAST.  You pretty much visit every country as you walk around the buffet line.  I have never eaten so much food in my life.  Usually when I go to a buffet, I tend go up once, eat, and then get some soft serve ice cream for dessert.  But it wasn't the case here.  I believe I went back 3 times.  There were so many things I wanted to try.  Also, the desserts were impeccable.  I grabbed so many things and even when back towards the end to have some ice cream.We only stopped by for lunch on our way to our hotel located on The Strip, but I would have loved to stay there.  Everything was clean, the decor was modern, I wouldn't mind eating at that buffet everyday and the strip was only about 10 minutes away.
3	The food is great in the specialty restaurants, Sunday brunch was just a brunch, nothing special and not worth $30.The room was large and clean the first 2 nights, disaster the 3rd night. Housekeeping failed to visit the room, the wet towels from the morning still in a pile on the floor, bed not made. Called housekeeping and they delivered 2 dry towels. Not what you would expect from a 4/5 star Spa Hotel.The staff was very friendly and the Pit bosses the best.The Hotel is definitely not 'centrally' located and is a $40 cab ride into town.Would we stay here?
4	Nice new hotel just opened I don't know when but great design and outside architecture.Inside decor is amazing.Of course lot's of machines and tables for big bidders and small as well.The staff there are courteous and it seems like people still keep on smiling no matter what the economy is heading towards to.For a country to be said in debt, we still see people gmabling and try their luck at the Casino.:)For you to find out more on youer next trip to Vegas:)
5	All-around great place to stay n relax it a  little far from the action.
5	BEST BUFFET IS VEGAS!!!Believe me, we have tried it all and the M Resort has the best Seafood Buffet in town.  You will not be disappointed at all.  For those who like a little glass of red wine to go with your food, it's all included.   Fabulous!
5	On its own about 5 miles from the strip, this is a classy place and the pool area and Restuarant up on top is Fabulous
5	I ate until I couldn't eat anymore. Great fresh food. Food from all regions from Chinese to middle eastern American and French pastries! Great place to dropped by on the drive back from Vegas to california. Quiet hotel waaaay off the strip. $30 a person for lunch. Standard Vegas buffet price.
4	From afar, this casino looks like a suburban glass office park with the letter M on the side. However, once inside it reveals a sleek modern casino with a younger vibe. The atmosphere is subdued and soothing. The music is quiet and so are the machines. I didn't have very good luck here as far as off-strip casinos go (try South Point) but don't judge a book by it's cover. Check out the M if you're in the area.
5	This place is a perfect place to relax and get away from the strip. All the rooms are suites, the pool is unbelievable, the buffet is rated #1, Hash House A Go Go is insane, and the best part of it all, doesn't smell like an ashtray. Wait, the other best thing is the cocktail service is fast!The tables games are awesome people and the slot machines I've been told that the only way you seem to win is if you bet max on the machines. I love this place!
4	The buffet was the best..had a little bit of everything..a little pricey but well worth it..the lines can be very long when it's busy..other than that,it was great!
3	It's to far from where I live! But beside that it's a beautiful casino!  24/7 happy hour!!
4	This is a well kept, modern decorated hotel. Our rooms had a view of the pool and the Las Vegas strip. As people had said before, you don't walk into this casino and immediately start to smell like cigarette smoke. Definitely a much older crowd, as I really began to notice when I would come back from strip after a night of partying and literally no one was in the casino. My girls and I felt like we stood out quite a bit going to and from our rooms at night in our clubbing attire... We ordered bagels and coffee through room service, and the bagels were amazingly fresh and perfectly toasted!The room set up is nice, with really comfortable beds, large vanity with a seat in the bathroom, and a nice powerful shower. The room came equipped with a nice flat screen TV, which we only tried to use the last night we were there and couldn't figure it out. We called the front desk and said someone would up in 20 minutes. We got over it and decided to just to go to sleep, so we never did use our TV.The hotel is pretty far from the strip, and is about a $40 cab ride. Didn't utilize the free shuttle at all, but  they apparently they have one that stops going to the strip at 10pm. The pool is really nice. There are cabanas that are surrounded by water, and lounge chairs actually in the pool. My group ended up going to DayDream, the 21+ pool for the day, which was a lot of fun.One thing that I really loved were the drink prices! At the Lobby Bar, they had $5 cocktails all day. I HIGHLY recommend the M Fantasy! Delicious, and so refreshing after our 4 hour drive out there.
4	My friend from Cali came to visit me and she didn't want to stay on the strip and party.  She's sort of like me, just kind of over the whole party thing.  So i suggested she stayed here at the M.  I stayed with her to hear her sobbing about her relationship that just ended :(  Anyhow, the bars here are not only plentiful but also nicely decorated.  Most of the bars had dim lighting which gave it a very ambient feel to it, which i really like.  And yes, it was sort of pricey but she stayed on a Sunday, Monday, go home Tuesday deal so it wasn't that bad.  The service here is second to none.  Rooms were GORGEOUS, and it was super serene.  If you're looking for a resort setting type of hotel/casino....M will definitely do the job well :)  Peace and Love everyone!
5	Great Hotel/Great time. Highly recommended. Puts you close enough to the Strip so that you can easily get to the excitement yet far enough away that it actually can feel like a vacation.Beautiful hotel and pool area. For breakfast hit up the Hash House
4	I like it here....less noise, upscale but not snooty....very convenient location!
4	I stayed here one night when I first came to vegas in November. I was looking for something off the strip but still nice, and I scored! Very nice rooms, a great view, and a friendly staff made my stay at the M Resort a great place to relax!
5	very nice lookin resort and great service, hooked me and my girl up with a suite.I would recommend this place more for families and couples trips. its a lil quiet and if you're going to vegas to go all out, might not wanna drive back to the hotel.
2	Very poorly run and over priced. Best buffet in town but a little overpriced.
4	This casino is a really out of the way for me but they have a lot going for them. The M has a tasty buffet, their player's club gifts are so much better then Stations Casino. You don't have to play a lot to earn free gifts either. Speaking of playing the slots the machines are okay here. I haven't won anything worth mentioning ...but I still have fun!
5	This review is only for the Sunday seafood brunch buffet.  It's the best buffet I've every had.  I prefer it over the Wynn or Bellagio buffet.  Usually, for buffet, you'd be lucky if you get a few items you like.  But at this buffet, 90% of what I got, I would actually pay money to buy at a restaurant.  It was great!!  Wait is long though, for obvious reasons.
5	High class hotel just 10 minutes before Vegas...This place has the friendliest employees around.Gamble and you get up to 2 free drinks at a time.Ask for Patron shots and they won't charge you extra.Minimum bets start at $5.Funny because their logo looks like the gmail logo.
5	Saw this hotel from yelp and the look of the hotel and resort room just like the pictures posted on yelp and on the hotel's websites!   My family LOVED it and joined the hotel membership immediately and said that we will go back to stay there when we visit Vegas.  Although it is off the strip, but since we got a car and parking is free for all the hotels on the strip.  Its location does not bother us at all.  The buffet is good, just not the asian section, but I know when you go to Vegas, you don't really expect good asian food in those hotels' buffets.  The only thing is the price.  It does not give a cheaper price for people who don't drink wine/beers since it includes unlimieted wine/beers.  But, overall, it is definitely an upscale hotel and we got the package deal because of its two year anniversary!
4	Review for casino only:First, parking in the east garage is very convenient to the entrance and the buffet.The casino has wide aisles and is laid out nicely.  There is a good mix of machines.Since this is on the other side of town, I'm not a regular her, but it is a very  nice property.
5	Went to Vegas over the Memorial Day weekend and somehow ended up at this hotel after shopping in Primm.  Found an amazing hotel that would be really popular if it were on the strip.  Only inconvenience is that it's about 20 minutes from the LAS airport.  This hotel is DEFINITELY worth visiting and staying at.  They're the only hotel that I know of in Vegas that offers Rockstar to their guests from the cocktail waitresses FOR FREE.  I definitely had my share of Rockstar while playing pai gow on the comfy leather seats.  Gambling -- The Dealers were very friendly and minimum bets for most games started at $5.  The casino was emptier than usual from 2-5pm than most hotels.    The M Resort reminded me of the City Center hotels the most, especially Aria.  The M Resort buffet called Studio B Buffet was just AMAZING.  IT WAS HANDS DOWN THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS IN THE HISTORY OF EVERDOM.  Although we took turns waiting in line for about 2.5 hours, the buffet was well worth it.  I will stay there the next time I'm in vegas for sure.  And yes, I will wait in line for another 2.5 hrs just for that amazing buffet.
4	This resort is gorgeous and worth being 20min away from civilization. THE M BUFFET is a MUST! You can't leave Vegas without eating here, and make sure you come first thing in the morning after a night of drinking. We stayed for 4hours! The line was almost an hour to get in, but worth a 4 hour stay of unlimited food from of all cultures. Unlimited seafood, poki, crab, scrimp. Unlimited gourmet coffees, gelato bar, desserts. Also unlimited BEER & WINE! "Who does that" I'm hungry just thinking about this place! Resorts are my thing...Check it out, then tell me I was wrong, I dare you! BWUHAHA
5	BEST HOTEL EVER!!!!Just finish my review on studio B buffet.....now the hotel:after my friend car broke down we had to stay a day longer in vegas, having after eating the Buffet at the M, my friend and i where lost and confuse about what to do for the night...so we went gambling, to figure out what we gonna do. while gambling Dean the dealer-chip checker-manager who stands in the circle dude helped us ask the front desk for a room and we got a great deal 65 for the night. Dean was funny and the dealer which was a young lady on the blackjack table was very cool..Erik (bellman/ valet) was very cool also...he brought up our luggage to our room  on time and know a lot about the room even thou it wasn't his department.. very nice guys (if you are reading this sorry for tipping you so less we were kinda tight on cash hope you get a bonus or promotion for this :)Okay... for the real review:The room: Omg love the design of the room, the color brown was very comforting and the plant was a very nice touch.the bath room was very nice, i like the big mirrior. there was no phone near the toilet, not a big problem just weird seeing a bathroom without one (this is a good thing) and the automatic curtians was very cool.... overall the room was very mordernThe pool: very cool... also very mordern and pretty.... love the lounges in the water...Service: love the service, it is nice to see where there is a place that employee don't want to kill each other and work together...Casino: FUN AND CLEAN....a great place for leisure gambling with no annoying drunks..The concierge lady was very nice and helpful, but there is nothing else to do around the hotel, also they need more shuttle service (FYI shuttle service is FREE! :)... or at least during the middle of the night after clubs times.. For family with children bring a board game...Would come back? YES!! Why? the service, room and buffet
5	The only way to describe the M is Vegas without all the non sense!I've never been a fan of taking the kids to Vegas but this place has the Vegas feel without all the drunk people walking around and smoked filled casinos. The pool was amazing and not packed like other casinos. We'll be going back for sure!
1	Ok first off came for buffet and the set up is retarded!! Who ever designed it should be shot. You have to wait in line to be called to pay then wait to be seated.... it was a two hour wait we finally gave up and left as the line was not moving so I drove all the way here to just wait in line and leave.... will never go back again not worth my time or gas no one was friendly the valet was rude... and amazing how they would have misters in the valet waiting area and you would think on a 110 degree day you would have them on but no we got to wait for our car in the blazing heat... real classless hotel not worth time or money
4	We went here for the Buffet because our friends said it was pretty good. The decor is pretty. Very new casino. They also have a WHOLE big section for the Gold Fish Slot (my favorite)I also played at the Black Jack tables and the staff and dealers were nice.I don't know if I would drive all the way over here to stay though. It is a bit far from the strip but then you won't get all the strip traffic. Note: NO CLUB yet...
5	This is the most modern most luxurious hotel I have seen in vegas. It is just fantastic. The service here is phenomenonal, eveyrone is super nice, a little too nice for vegas taste. The staff always say thankyou and hello and apologize even if it is your mistake. They are super friendly. The casino is small but beautiful and has all the tables you could want. The waitress's are ALLLLL hot, I think they only hire a certain kind of physique.The outdoor pool is just spectacular, clear blue water, day beds, in water lounge chairs, private little huts with TV's and hot tubs. The spa has two hot tubs, two saunas, super fresh and clean, a gym, great staff, and all the hair care products you could want.The only down side is this hotel is like 16 mi off the strip, everything else is perfect and then some.The food here is great, cheap and redicilious large portions. This food is made for giants, the waffles are like a foot by a foot, my grilled cheese was almost 8 in by 8 in, my friends pork burger patty was easily 8 in diameter.As for the buffet, the line both nights we stayed here were redicilioully long, it seem everyone here had a bad review went for the buffet, I agree that this is a downside, but everything else is good.O the shuttle guy is super rude, but I will give him the benefit of the doubt.
5	The best way to describe my experience here is simple A W E S O M E !!!! Beautiful, fantastic, great, clean, high class, the best customer service ever from everyone including vallet, guest services, maids, cooks, cocktail waitress, everyone was just so nice and polite. I had the best ever mini vacation stay at The M resort this last past weekend it was by far the best experience with a hotel and casino stay every. The rooms are beautiful, the views spectacular, we got a mini suite so it was over the top beautiful who ever thought of the amenities is a Guinness! Seriously this place is just so nice all the way around my 3 nights there was not enough! This place is off of the strip about a 15 min drive but that didn't matter we wanted to experience Vegas with out all the crazy drunks and crazy people there so it was perfect. The pool is awesome we had a fun day at the pool and there berry mojito was to die for! There steak house and Italian restaurants were out of this world good!! There buffet was the best thing I have ever eaten... they have a huge verity it is worth the wait and the price for sure We loved this place so much we are already planning our next stay here around New Years! Cant wait!
5	I love The M Resort. It's modern, clean, great prices... And their buffet is so good (minus the wait).
4	.., I can't really give the M Resort 5 stars at the moment, for we really haven't spent the night here. Not yet at least. My gf Diane & I came to the M Resort while on our way to Vegas. We heard the M hosted a Hash House a Go Go inside their resort. We were stoked & came in for our 1st meal of the day. Walking in this place is definately a treat. I dig the swanky new modern swagger in their set up. Architecture & decor were on point, staff was friendly and funny as well. Hash House a Go Go was a big dissapointment though. There was no flavor in the food! It was however cheap, & damn that presentation looked sexy. The flavor department sadly dropped the ball  in that part of the resort.  The M buffet was incredible though. The food was amazing, service was attentive, & ambiance was stellar. I was a bit bummed out when I noticed there weren't any $5 tables for anything in the gaming area. I really wanted to play black jack or roulette here. $5 may seem like pennies to the rich, but to the rest of us, we want our $5 tables!!!Other than that that bars here are legit, pools/cabanas outside look awesome. Check it out.
5	Theres a reason this won the best buffet award. Because it's the best buffet ever.I came here once back in 09 and it was just as amazing if not better now.First time I went I wasn't 21 yet so I could not take advantage of the AYCD wine and beer. Do I have to repeat.. ALL YOU CAN DRINK. That automatically gives it a 5 stars..But if that's not enough, trust me. The food will win you over. It's not like most buffets where everything is decent. Every cuisine served in their buffer is given so much attention.Their sushi isn't just the ca and spicy tuna rolls most buffets have. They have more specific items such as salmon tuna & shrimp sushi and cucumber rolls.Their assortments of meat goes beyond expectations. Their isn't a focused meat in the center and crappy side meats surrounding it. Each meat is a focused meat. From Prime Rib, to Pork Ribs, and Rosemary Chicken, there's something everyone will enjoy.As far as salads go, I know it's a good salad bar when they have caprese salads. and they do. Enough said!I could go on and on, but seriously just go here and you will understand!
5	This review is based on my many separate occasions at the M. Even when we don't get the chance to stay in the amazingly beautiful rooms that are state of the art we usually try to hit this place on our way outta town back to LA for two reasons...first, the buffet is legit and second it's your last classy stop to gamble before state line! If you hit the Buffett try the coconut macaroons and get an espresso with dessert that'll help you push thru that drive home. This place is somehow classy and local. A little bummed they got rid of the free soda stands. It was easier to get water there than waiting at a bar, but times are rough I understand. Another amazing feature is the pool and the cabanas are top quality too. Whether staying or simple passing through I highly recommend you check out the M.
5	Buffet is great.   I get my hair done with Jade, and she always does a great job!!!  Very nice hotel, clean and very professional employees!!
5	24 hour happy hour,   We sat at the bar played some games, lost some money, but the free drinks kept coming,  Jonnie Walker Blue was $10 a shot, which is basicly cost, AWESOME.    5 dollar blackjack on a Saturday night,  Very nice inside, the Buffet was only 27.99 but the line was about an hour long (Saturday night in Vegas) so we left.Went to Mirage, Wynn and Ceasars spent less than an hour each,   then liked it some much that we CAME back to M to play the night out, left at 6am , for the drive back to LA.Had about 10 drinks Comp-ed  in the 4 hours I was there,  5 cent Video Poker, A+ place.Im going back, hopefully Soon.
5	This place has theee best buffet.. duhh
5	Exceptional service; great staff; knowlegable people; OVER-THE-TOP experience. Amazing....host your event here if you can. ANY event! Stay or play here. Eat here...drink, dance, get your sweet tooth on, sip on a nice glass of wine...enjoy the two BEAUTIFUL pools...this place is unbelievable. HIGHLY recommened!
4	Nice, off the strip. Hotel is really relaxed. I would say that this is for either an older crowd or for people that dont like the chaos that can be the strip. They have everything you would want.
4	Ah, The M Resort. Why are you so far away?This jewel in the desert, far south on Las Vegas Blvd is definitely in competition for being my favorite casino in Las Vegas. However, since it is unbelievably far away from me, it does not have that honor. It is still an amazing casino.I have been here to check out The Hostile Grape, Hash House A Go Go, and Studio B Buffet. The casino offers a wide range of restaurants to eat at and they aren't your "run of the mill" casino places either.The casino floor itself is well kept and the air is clean and well circulated. The outside of the casino is well kept as well and the parking is convenient.On one trip here my mother and I won money on the video poker machines. In fact, my mother won a big jackpot. The slot attendants were quick and nice. They congratulated my mom and said it was great that she was local and had won. The M Resort is awesome. I hope someday to have a staycation here so I can write another review about their rooms.
3	Rating the way the hotel rooms look, and solely just look, I give this place about 4 - 4.5 stars. I like the decor and everything, definitely one of my top 3 favorites, after vdara and palazzo. But regarding the hotel as a whole, 3 stars is more justifiable. First off, the location sucks. Why oh why does it have to be so far away from the strip? And second, the reception here is HORRIBLE (regarding the hotel rooms, not the lobby and general casino area). I've been to two rooms, floors 2 and 6, and none of them have service. If anything, you can get service for about 5 minutes and then POOF its gone. It's very irritating. And there's also no free wifi, $12.99 for 24 hours per device. Free wifi in the lobby supposedly though, but I couldn't seem to find a decent connection.And the bathrooms in the rooms look really nice, but the doors? Oh my effing piece of crap they are the most annoying doors I have ever came into contact with. They look nice, don't get me wrong. I looked at them and was like wow how modern and stylish and stuff...but there is no way to close them without making the HUGEST sound. They just slam by themselves unless you grab them and slowly close them each time. Trust me, if you stay here, you'll know what I'm talking about. As for the rest of the hotel, of course as everyone knows, their buffet is very popular. I like how they also have hash house a go go here as well. And their bakery babycakes is pretty good too. A major plus is the pool area. Pretty fun and interesting. One of my favorite pools in vegas (I think monte carlo has the best though). Its two split pools with lounge chairs in the middle and spread around. The music they play is upbeat and gets you dancing in a fun way. The house/pop music is played in the 21+ pool to the side. That area was alright, a lesser version of tao beach in my opinion. I'd rather go swimming in the main pool.  The gym is pretty nice, better than some of the other hotel gyms in vegas. BUT its $15.99 per hotel guest, which is annoying because usually gym memberships are free with being a guest. And it's not nice enough to pay $15.99.So three stars because even though this place definitely has its ups, I'm very annoyed with how much they charge for things that should be free. The location is a hassle. And they need to do something about cell phone reception because I use my phone a lot.
4	I hope to stay at this resort soon because it really seems like it's a great place to chillax. It's not so far that you can't go back to the strip if you want, but it's far enough away that you don't have to deal with the huge crowds. Casino is pretty good. There are a variety of eateries, the pool looks nice, and the spa is tempting. Definitely a nice place.
4	Currently here.  In town for a week attending a training class and this spa hotel came recommended by the vendor.  VERY chic!  Very modern.  Very comfortable.  Very nice!  Lots of free parking.  Have a room next to the elevator (actually, telecomm room is between my room and the elevator - thankfully) and I was too tired to change rooms when I checked in.  Not sure who messed up:  my travel agent, or, the hotel.  Oh well.  Just a couple more nights.  Next time I'll see about getting a room ending in an odd number (view of the Strip).  One MAJOR drawback (for some):  It is about a 15 minute drive away from the Strip.  Works for me, though.  The gaming area isn't as crowded as ones located on the Strip.  Wish I could say the same for the buffet line ;-)  Supposedly home to the best buffet in Vegas.  I wish I could tell you, though.  Everytime  I think I want to try the dinner buffet, the line is about a 30-45 minute wait.  Sheesh!  Had room service instead.  Fast service and tasty!   Business types: Bring your network cable!  Yes, the hotel and rooms have wireless.  But trust me.  You'll be pleasantly surprised (and spoiled) at the wonderfully FAST wired internet service if you plan on working in the room (like me) during some part of your stay.  Gotta say it seems just a little faster than work, and definitely 2.5x faster than home (at least from the numbers I see).  Will definitely check in again the next time I'm in the area for business.  For fun, though, I think I'll have to try a Strip hotel.  (Sorry, M.)
4	Since I was in the area, I wanted to check out one of the newest Hotels built within the past couple years.  This hotel being the first of many, which really drew me in when it stated "happy hour 24/7" on the sign outside before you pull up.  NO WAY! LOL. Walked in and my brother suggested to get a players card.  The line was soo long, but it went by pretty fast. As a new member they gave out "M" T-shirts, or $5.00 playing credit. I took the $5.00 because the shirts only ran in L, XL, XXL.  When you start using your cards, you can earn points that you may redeem for other cool items.  Everyone at the information counter was so helpful and jolly.  I can say they actually look like they enjoy their job!! =) Besides the happy hour, the casino itself is not as big.  I did gamble a bit and the dealer(s) were super fun and helpful when it came to helping a sister out on what to do.  Thank goodness i'm not a gambler.  Anyways, we didn't get to explore as much as i would have loved to, but from the looks of what I did see, I'd return and of course drink some more!! =)  I'll be back "M"!!
5	I've never stayed here, but I've played here and I am a HUGE fan.The place is so well kept - it even SMELLS amazing.  Which is difficult to do with a casino.  The restaurant options are plentiful and the space itself - well, it really is a beautiful property.Sure, it's far off the strip, but when it was built, it was intended to be a locals casino...and the local part of town it was built in never got developed around it.  So there it sits, all alone.My favorite part, so favorite, in fact, I hesitate to share this information: their pool.  They have a giant pool with a stage and a secluded adults only pool with THE BEST lounge chairs, daybeds and cabanas at reasonable prices.  Here is my hesitated tip: Local women 21+ get in the pool for free; local men 21+ are $10, all other people are $15.  Not a bad deal!
4	Beautiful resort away from the crazy strip. The pool is really nice, cool poolside bar with built in ice strip to keep your drink cold. I've been to the pool for a few events, and it never feels crowded, there's lots of room, never had a bad time. I've eaten the buffet here and its pretty tasty, nice variety, free wine (NICE!). Hash House A Go Go is okay, big portions is their thing, its a chain so the food is average. Babycakes has gelato and pastries and specialty coffees, don't miss the gelato (good stuff).I haven't really gambled here, but I'm sure I will one of these days. I know their free gifts when you have a players card are much better than some of the junk other resorts give away.I also have never seen their rooms, so I can't comment on them.
4	A great place for locals.All drinks are $5.00 including premium liquor and for $10.00 you can get johnny Walker Blue Label. That's cheaper than I can get at home. The hostile grape has free wine tasting every friday and a band plays later in the evening. Great deal. They also have an awesome brunch, sushi bar and steak house.
5	We visited this resort as a last ditch effort to procrastinate our trip home to LA and we couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised!  To say that the staff is friendly and guest-serviced oriented is an understatement.  From the valet staff, to the dealers, to the restaurant staff - each person we encountered throughout our brief visit seemed genuinely focused on our comfort and satisfaction.  The casino has a lively energy to it.  The dealers are wonderfully interactive with players.  The food at the Studio B Buffet was tasty and plentiful.  We ABSOLUTELY love this place.  As Vegas veterans, we should certainly stay at this resort if we need a break from the hustle and bustle of The Strip and Downtown.
5	The M Resort is located off the strip and is fairly modern & new Hotel Resort, Spa and Casino.My girls and I came here first from our drive to Las Vegas because we heard of their bomb ass lunch buffet :)The realistic-looking tulips near one of the entrances were beautiful accompanied by a dazzling waterfall nearby.I'm surprised a nice hotel like this is off the strip but it's definitely worth the drive out and for their buffet :D
5	The M Resort is a very nice hotel.  The hotel is closer to Henderson than the Vegas Strip.  The design of the hotel is very modern and the rooms are very hip.  The beds are very comfortable and the bathrooms are big with a modern marble tile design.  Rooms seem to have either a green theme or a brown theme.  The only complaint is the walls are on the thin side meaning you can hear your neighbor.  Restaurants and buffets were good and the house deli made great sandwiches.  Baby Cakes is the place for French pastries.  There were three pools to swim in.  The times I was there during the summer only two pools were open.  The hotel is smaller than your larger resorts but that is ok because the customer service is top notch.  Self parking is very easy.   I liked the hotel so much I rather stay here than on the strip.  I am not into cattle crowds.  I hope the economic climate changes in Las Vegas so this hotel will stay around for awhile.  I paid 75.00 per night both during the summer and winter.  For what I received in quality and customer service the price per room was extremely reasonable.  I do not gamble that much but all casinos seen the same to me.  One thing I liked is the air flow pushes the cigarette smoke away from the casino floor unlike it's neighbor South Point Resort.  I would highly recommend the M Resort.
5	This property is awesome! The decor is chic and the ventilation system in the casino keeps the place as fresher than you'd expect in an area where people are smoking. The rooms are very tastefully done are not tacky at all. Very modern and classy. I have gone to the buffet and agree with it being the best currently however the line can be a pain at times. They have a very good players club with lots of perks if you are into that as I am. As for the location? Well where else would you propose it be built people? On the roof of the MGM perhaps? Cell phone signals suck even in the strip hotels. This hotel is worth the money and doesn't have even a tenth of the trashy tacky drunks you have roaming around the strip hotels.Definitely worth checking out!!!
5	This review is based on a long afternoon spent at M gambling and trying the buffet for lunch.First of all: despite the Las Vegas Boulevard address, M is a fair distance from Mandalay Bay. You're looking at 15-20 minutes of driving to get there. That said, the atmosphere at M is much better than almost all the Strip casinos, and the gaming is way better. Lower table limits, better slots, a better slot club, and video poker that was either full-pay or nearly so on Deuces Wild at the quarter level. Almost unheard of except at the Station casinos in tiny corners!About the buffet: We had lunch there, and it was busy but not packed. Probably about 60-70 percent full. The food selection was excellent and the product was fresh. They had all the buffet standards with a few exotic items. Everything was appropriately hot or cold, well seasoned, and delicious. It was maybe a notch below the Bellagio in food quality, but it wasn't priced like the Bellagio, either.The uniform impression at M was of friendliness and a focus on the customer. We encountered it everywhere, from the dealers to the servers to the person who had to service the bill breaker.Would I go back? Absolutely. I wish we'd had more time to spend there the first time. Given its location, I'd have to think hard about staying there, though.
4	Pretty fancy. I'd go again. Food was plentiful but not Rio good.They need fridges in the rooms.
5	The best place to stay in/near Vegas.  Nice people, rooms with a view to die for and gorgeous pool.  We will be back as soon as we can!
4	Best off strip hotel.The M Resort is a beautifully designed hotel & casino south of Vegas.  I love the modern decor, as well as the openness of the hotel.  The registration area is beautiful and the casino floor is nicely spaced with high ceilings.  I've never stayed here before because it is just too far from the strip and all the spots in LV, but definitely would not mind staying here once just to try it.Parking is just at the front parking lot.  The whole property isn't that big or as big as you'd come to think Vegas hotels should be.  However, I'm sure most people come for the Studio B Buffet, which is one  of the top 3 buffets for me in Vegas.  The line gets RIDICULOUS on weekends though... so be prepared to wait, esepically on Sundays when all the SoCal peeps are driving back and making M as one of their pitstops. Nicely designed hotel that may have changed several people, including me, about what we think about off-strip hotels!
5	I love stopping here for the Studio B Buffet! Hotel is very clean and i am looking forward to one day staying here at their resort. They have a cute cupcake shop and a Hash House A Go Go as well.
4	Pretty tasty buffet..and im not a buffet person. Soo much good food..from seafood..breakfast, Greek, Mexican, Korean, Japanese, Filipino, Indian and American. They have a plentiful dessert selection too. The best was the gelato! mmm :) oh and unlimited champagne, beer and wine, not bad for $40
5	Decided to stop at the M Resort for dinner and to play slots for a couple hours before hitting the Las Vegas strip.The buffet is amazing, but will write a separate review based on that experience.We signed up for players cards and received a free welcoming gift as a thank you- shirt or slot play. Also, if you accumulate enough points within the same day, you can get additional gifts such as a hat or polo shirt.The lady who assisted me at the counter was super nice and had a great personality. She mentioned that as a visitor from another state I should take advantage of their 30% off deal for staying at the hotel. Will definitely consider!It was made mention that they brew their own Cider beer and house wines. I fell in love with the Cider beer and asked if I can purchase a case/box and was declined. Bummer... So delish!!!Very nice casino with the friendliest staff. You can tell that they pride themselves in customer service with most of their responses are followed by "my pleasure".Can't wait to check out their rooms!!!
2	minus 1 star for not trying harder when located inconveniently.  aged slots(none of my favorites).  lack of vibe.  used my free-play ,  ate at hash house, felt uninspired to gamble further & departed .  have not seen the hotel rooms.   south point's off the beaten trail & is near perfect
3	Typical overpriced buffet ! Gross !
4	This casino is really nice...... I just think they should do more with it. I don't know why they don't put in a little nightclub in the restaurant upstairs. It would be nice to be able to go to a club a little off the strip. We would go for sure!
4	I went to the M -Resort Buffet this weekend ..I am a fan, the food was cool but what made it worth my 36 bucks was the free beer and wine that was included. If you have experienced the Wynn/Rio and Bellagio buffet then you know there isn't a big taste difference in the food ,or selections at these high end spots.Therefore the beer and wine included made the M stand out. Even though it was skunk beer it was free beer ..lol
4	This place is amazing!!!!!!!! I stayed here the first week of August and had a phenomenal time! Unfortunately I was there for business so I didn't get to spend too much time at the resort but the time I did, it was great. The rooms are a nice large size and are very up to date technology wise. We had a strip view room- just about everything was automatic. It was a nice surprise to see a tv in the bathroom mirror and a glass window in the bathroom with an automatic screen closer (maybe I am amused easily). The restaurants in this hotel are off the charts! Hash hash a go go, the bakery and the buffet were all great! I would have loved to take a few extra days and just chilled there but sadly I couldnt! Oh and the pool was gorgeous! The jacuzzi is on a timer though so that was pretty annoying! Beware though, this place is about 15 minutes from the strip ( but I loved it regardless)They get 4 stars only because there was one mishap- I didn't have makeup on, yet after room service came I found a towel covered in it! Iv thought that was so disgusted but management quickly apologized.Would I stay here again? YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I've never stayed here, but we always stop here to eat and gamble. This resort is very modern. I noticed that a lot of elderly people stay at this resort so that they can avoid the chaos of the strip. The food at their buffet is amazing! The best buffet in Vegas.
4	I haven't stayed at the hotel, but I've ate, gambled, and gazed...and I like it!Located about 7 miles south of the strip (that means closer from LA), it has a valet entrance of an elite hotel, and when you walk in - it smells like vanilla!  They actually pipe it in thru the air.  Talk about great first impressions!The hotel has high ceilings, and a beautiful and elegant decor.  It features a half-dozen lovely restaurants and bars, with a couple of them having a beautiful view from the top of the hotel.  Outstanding!  I haven't tried the buffet, but everyone talks about the desserts.  The service is friendly and nice throughout.  I've dined at a couple of the restaurants here, and had sushi and drinks at one of the top bars with the view.  Loved it.I highly recommend this to locals, and also to anyone who wants to avoid the crazy strip!
4	I loved this place! My BFF4LIFE.. made a good choice! The room was beautiful... nice view, distance mountains. The location was a bit off the strip (which I didn't mind) but it was banging! The staff was lovely, the guest were friendly and the ALCOHOL WS... FREEEEEE! =)
3	Interesting place -- out in the middle of nowhere.   Sure, its address is Las Vegas Blvd., but you are not anywhere near the strip.  HUGE pool deck. Almost too big.  We were there in the morning for breakfast so maybe it looks better when all the chairs are put out.Cool lobby.  Unless the rooms were crazy fabulous, not sure I'd stay here.
5	Didn't stay here but just ate here and chilled here... I really want to stay here. It looks SO posh!I don't mind staying off the strip if the place is nice. I'm not much for the club scene with the fiance. So staying at a nice resort would suffice.The decor around the place is nice. Plenty of parking. Lots of restaurants and slots. No strong smell of smoke. The buffet is EXCELLENT. :DI told my fiance, I want to stay here and enjoy the resort just to vacay :D
4	The M is a fantastic hotel/casino for locals in Las Vegas. I have been there to experience the food and the spa. The food was good, but that review will be under specific locations. I love LOVE their spa. It is better then all of the spas on the strip by far! I have been back a number of times for various things such as facials, massages and to have my hair done. The only reason that it did not receive a 5 star rating is because I had two horrible hair experiences. One time the girl there dyed my hair orange and then I went back to have it fixed and she had to cut off more then 3 inches! Other then that the spa is so calming and clean. I have only had positive experiences.
4	I Like the M very Much, have not stayed here , I will  in the future . Things I like about the M resort. 1.The casino Has it all , Great poker room , Excellent Sportsbook.2. Friendly & helpful at The players club . with good coupons in the mail for discounts and promo gifts.3. The restaurants, the 3 I have eaten at have all exceeded my expectations .. The Studio M   Buffet is the Best in Las Vegas , The Hash Hash a GoGo has large portions and an Excellent view of the Strip & The pool . The Vig Deli has great sandwiches and is right next to The Sportsbook.4.Cocktail service is quick with the most Beautiful waitresses .Thing i don't like about the M.1. They use to have self service soft drink stations , that is no longer. I give the M resort 4 stars.. send me a comp and I'll bump my rating up to 5 stars (LOL)
5	Really like this hotel ... Looking forward to staying here soon.  Have been here 3-4 times.  I was tired of the traffic and amount of people on the strip.  The M is a little slower pace, which was what I was looking for.  Great restaurants as well, and killer rooms/views.Update - Have stayed here half a dozen times since last review - The service continues to be among the VERY best in Vegas - even the smallest details are perfect.
5	I'm a local resident and this is my go to spot on a consistent basis. Awesome modern decor, friendly staff, good layout, nice food spots and a cool pool.Huge advantage of not being on the strip and not being totally packed. Makes you feel.... unburdened? Whatever the word is... its a great feeling.
5	We always stop at M Resort Spa & Casino on our way out of Vegas. Try to arrive by 11am if you want to avoid the long line for the buffet. Weekends are now $32.99 for the seafood brunch. After stuffing my face for 2 hours, I head over to the cheap tables... $5 minimums... can't beat that!
5	The M Resort is a "Must Visit Spot" whenever I find myself in Vegas!What's not to love?? It's new, clean, fresh, beautiful! And did I mention they have windows? Yes, that's right windows, natural light! The M is especially beautiful during the holidays- their decorations are warm and lovely! Makes me proud and happy to loose my money!The buffet is sooo worth the line!! I mean they have hummas! Hummas! Oh, and windows with a view! And on the TVs it's all Food Network, all day! Can I move in and live at the buffet? Please?If you remember only one thing from this review, I wish it to be this: PLEASE go sign up for a Players Card! It's FREE and comes with awesome goodies and freebies!
4	We always drive to Vegas, and this is the first resort you come across about 10 miles from the strip. We ALWAYS stop in and go to their lunch buffet, it is absolutely amazing! For only $15 you get your choice of breakfast items, pizzas, fried chicken, several carving stations, soups, a really nice assortment of asian items including sushi and to top it off it comes with unlimited beer and/or wine! HELLO!! We are typically not buffet people, but this is our favorite by far. So many choices, and the food is actually really good. Not some nasty stuff that's been sitting out for hours. We've never actually stayed here, it's pretty expensive in my opinion for being so far from the strip (average $200 a night even on weeknights), but the casino is nice. We also found out that they have a 24 hour happy hour at all of the casino bars where you can have just about any cocktail for only $5! Including Crown Royal Reserve, fabulous martini's, mojito's, and just about any other cocktail all for $5!! Plus we recently found out that there's a Hash House A Go-Go there! This is one of our favorite restaurants to visit on the strip (in Imperial Palace), there portions are huge and the food is incredibly good. The fried chicken and waffles (as seen on Man vs. Food) is sooooooo yummy! The waffles actually have full strips of bacon inside the waffles!! That was a nice surprise! And the chicken is perfectly crispy and comes right off the bone....incredible! And FYI on Sundays, in the 32 degree bar (all beers are served at 32 degrees), they offer a whole pizza, pitcher of Coor's Light and a dozen hot wings all for $20!! The pizza was a little greasy, but whatever it was good. The wings were really tasty too, all for $20! A great value in my opinion. Maybe someday we will stay there, but for now we'll just keep on stopping by on our way into Vegas! Plus if you stay at the South Point hotel (like we did last time), you're only 2 miles from the M resort.
4	Still a great place, but don't gamble here.  The winning streak here is against you.  My friend that wins consistently at everything he plays, loses here and only here.
4	I've been here a couple times once for the pool and three times for the buffet.  This last time that I visited there were beautiful christmas decorations and the hotel/casino is impeccably clean.  Good pit stop to and from vegas and even during if you get a good deal on a pool cabana!
4	its a bit away from the strip but the resort looks really clean and i love the lily decoration in the lobby area!! their buffet is very clean and has different variety of food!! as part of buffet.. its all you can drink beer and wine!! loved their dessert section.. had gelato and other goodies!!
5	This is a lovely hotel. The people are always smiling and the staff seem to enjoy working for this hotel. My mother who is 80 lost her purse the first night. We did not know it was lost until we were ready to go down on the 2nd day. My mother could not find her license, 3 credit cards, Kaiser card all in a little zipper purse. I said someone could have spent thousands on your cards by now and I bet we will need to go home early. I called the hotel and was referred to Security, Terese answered and said the cleaning crew from Legacy had turned in my mother's purse. How honest can you get? Terese in security was wonderful. My mother's purse was found by Legacy worker Amsi Ornelias-we tried to find her to give her a reward, but could not find her. David Sosa, hotel manager made my birthday wonderful-he comped me a dinner at Antonios and sent up chocolate strawberries on my birthday. We had been awakened at 5:30 am by construction crews on the 16th floor renovating a closed restaurant. Mr. Sosa was suitably apologetic and I was delighted that this hotel realizes it owes something to its patrons.Last year the Switch at the Wynn ruined my birthday and the Wynn, Encore would do nothing for me.The M realizes that doing something special for your guests will result in more people coming to this hotel which is slightly off the strip in Henderson.  Drive 5 miles and you are with the bright lights and tons of traffic.  The M is a lovely spot and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
5	It's Christmas, and Asians are coming to Vegas raiding awesome buffets. We stopped here along the way to the strip. 2.5 hour wait and expensive ($35 per person), but it was worth it!! Food quality and variety was impeccable and service was efficient. Place was also big, clean, and elegant. I believe this is the best Vegas buffet I've had. Some of my fave items:- Fresh Crab legs- Juicy Roast beef- Lobster ravioli- chunks of lobster inside!- Heavenly Coconut Panna Cotta- Creme Brulee- so light and creamy- Flan - a dream- Great selection of Gelato!!!
4	This is a really nice casino and resort. We came here because my boyfriend's parents got a free room by signing up and gambling a few months back. The place is so beautiful and friendly and clean. Just a warning, (because I always wish that people would warn me) the hotel rooms do not come with toothbrushes or slippers. However, they come with clean towels (fresh every day) and the usual cheapo soaps/shampoos. There's also a TV in the mirror of the bathroom and partitioned toilet and shower areas. neat!!I signed up for membership, maybe I'll get a free room later on!  =)
4	This is for casino and environment only. This is the first nice hotel/casino/spa you will see as you head towards the strip. Odd that its in the middle of nowhere a good 15 minutes before you hit Mandalay Bay and the hustling frenzy of the strip. But I know many people that love it because of just that. No frenzy. If you like Hash House A Go Go, there is one here. And its less crazy than the ones in the strip. There is a cute little wine cellar bar, Hostile Grape, with live music and wine and cheese flights. There is also a lounge with live blues/rock playing. Gambling, buffet, BabyCakes gelato and cupcakes. A nice place to stop and warm up the drinking stamina, gambling skills, etc on the way in. And a great place to stop for that one last Hash House BLT Bloody Mary before you head back to L.A.
4	off-strip glamour without the cattle call.--beautiful modern styling and broad public spaces. clean lines with a retro feel--straightforward floorplans make getting places simple (unlike the labyrinthine casino hell of the strip)--well appointed spa has all the usuals you expect from a five-star spasteam and sauna, jacuzzi, showers, lounge and baths--lavish rooms with all the 5-star amenities; in-room iron; plush bedding and large, fragrant towels (wishing i could buy that detergent)--wooden hangars with real hooks, not theft-prevention hangar hell.--complimentary plush terrycloth robes on request (you must sign for them)--laundry/dry cleaning service, shoe shine--large floor-to-ceiling windows face north to the strip, or south to the hills--sit in your bathtub enjoy the view (or lower the privacy shade)--take your pick from great restaurants and casual eateries--helpful, friendly and outgoing dealers and boxmen--service culture pervades, staff _always_ looking for ways to assist you, not refer you to the "right" department for you to make your request.--casino bar staff (Stacy) friendly and helpful. drink specials are fun.#no doorman. bell staff loiter nearby but should always be present _at_ the entrance to open and close your car doors#no newspaper delivery to room (get up early to grab yours by the elevator before they run out)#one newspaper option (should be 3+)#bed's large headboard furniture blocks access to electrical outlets#more electrical outlets in room needed (we've got laptops, ipods, cell phones and more!) bring your power strip!#wine bar closed mondays and tuesdays#rooftop restaurant closed for renovations... argh. it's one of the reasons we came here!  to sit again on the rooftop patio, sipping champagne and taking in the view.
4	I Love this resort because the front/ check in area is so fancy. I've only been here twice and twice was Christmas time where the decorated made me feel spirited. The casino is clean and new with up to date slot games. It's out of the way if you have to get in to the strip, but also away from the crowds and noise if you just want to focus on gambling. They have "Las Vegas BEST buffet"- Studio B Buffet, An Oyster Bar, two steak houses, and a day spa. They have a special right now to lock in your rates for 2012 starting at $85! I would love to stay but for me knowing that I am closer to the strip. makes me feel better. (Unless, they decide to give me a free room to test them out on.. haha)
5	What can I say. This place is great. While my family was here for Thanksgiving, my sisters, brother, and I went out one night. My sisters and brother had already been drinking so, I ended up being the designee to drive which was fine since I had a rental. The casino/hotel is not too far from my place. When we walked in, they place was decorated beautifully for Christmas. I noticed that they had a separate place for wine tasting, which was closed since it was late at night. We spent a couple hours there to where my sister and I went one way. The brother and his girl went their own way. Needless to say they had a great time in a great place. We all left empty handed but had a great time. I will be going back to explore more.
4	Gorgeous new casino that's located far off the strip.  It's clean, it's modern, it's full of great employees.  We didn't stay at this hotel, but came for the buffet.  If you're looking for a good value for your money, but don't want to sacrifice on style, this is the place to stay.The air isn't filled with smoke (not yet anyway) and the casino itself isn't jam packed tothe brim.  If you don't mind a 15 minute drive to the strip, or if you actually want to stay away from the strip, this is a must for you.
5	My most favorite Vegas Buffet (Breakfast & Lunch).Price: Weekday, very reasonable for the quality of food they serve. Am not sure what the weekend price is, but if you want to test out the place first, try a weekday brunch. You will not disappointed.Food: Great and many, many options. And they have creme brule and a gelato bar for desserts. They also have a baked goods section, but my loyalty stays with their endless supply of creme brule and gelatos. The Decor:Very chic & retro. The overall interior design of the resort is very nicely designed with a touch of sophistication. And upon walking in, you can't even smell an residue of smoke.I LOVE the "M" and I absolutely have to stop here when I am at LV.
4	Have stayed here multiple times and each one is good.  Great off strip location.  If you want to be in the action (mess) of the strip don't stay here.   Rooms are very nice.   Spacious and up to date.  Casino is first rate and not overly crowded.  Very good sports book...cool mobile gaming so if you like sports betting sign up!   Good dining options and not far from strip if you really want to go.  Enjoy!
5	Never been here before, probably because it's off the strip but this place is really nice, the rooms are moderately priced and they have tables starting at $5. Normally you would have to go to downtown Vegas or a crappy hotel but this is a high end casino with $5 tables. All the dealers and pit bosses I talked to during my 10 hour gambling session were really fun and friendly. They even comped us the room and gave us free buffets. Love this place.
4	Great food selection, excellent buffet
4	It's far from the strip at about 15 miles but a place well recommended.  The staff is always helpful and friendly (it helps if you are too). One of my other friend's favorite hangout spot.The restaurant there is nicely laid out and the food is great and priced really reasonable for what they offer.Stylish, modern, great atmosphere for all.
4	The M Resort is at the end of Las Vegas Blvd. about 10-15 minutes from the madness. Clean, sleek, great staff. Easy to park, easy to gamble, easy to eat (great buffet). I stay for business, but I will stay there when I go for pleasure.
5	I was in Vegas looking at real estate and came across this gem. Typically, I would stay on the strip. This was my first time at The M Resort and it was a great first impression. I stayed 2 nights and this is a summary rating of the experience:5 - Dinner at Marinell's - Luxury service at reasonable price, food is excellent.5 - Room - 30% off CA discount, view of pool with city lights and mountains, huge room with comfortable bed and soft sheets, huge bathroom with jacuzzi tub with plasma tv above the sink. 5 - Casino - Friendly staff, clean, modern decor, top notch.4 - Casino dealers - very friendly and welcoming.5 - Location - After visiting The M Resort, I actually embraced not staying on the strip. Appx. 3 hours and 15 min from So Cal. High end hotel with high end interior finishes without the high end price. If you haven't stayed at The M Resort ...do it.
4	M Resort invited us to stay one night comped (we don't play much, but they must have been looking for new customers). We were able to use it on a Saturday night, shocker. I've been a fan of the property since opening night - great restaurants, friendly staff, comfortable casino - but this was our first experience with the hotel. In short, it exceeded my expectations. Accomodations were truly comfortable. I enjoyed it more than stays at Red Rock, GVR, and I'd even choose it over a suite at Palazzo. We had a great staycation. I'd pay to do it again.
4	Away from the main Strip, M Resort has become one of my favorite places to visit for the food, gambling and sport book. It's a great place to start or end a trip to Vegas, I look forward to all this place has to offer.There are some great choices for food here from the Studio B buffet to burgers and brew to the quick VigDeli and Hash House A Go Go!!..yes!I come here not only for the food but the $5-10 gambling options and my friends love the sport book. A great location to play and not have to place crazy large bets, until you feel really lucky. Dealers here have been friendly and even a couple of the pit bosses. The cocktail servers are pleasantly great looking. Nice eye candy while the house takes your money. ;) Lounges are nice and chill.I haven't yet stayed in the rooms, but it'll be one of the things I'll do in the future. My Studio B reviewhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/studio-b-buffet-henderson#hrid:mZjy5Gm83bOYM6ZxkXko3Q
5	Rooms are just fabulous all together with hotels other facilities... This is one of the hotels I would stay at every time I visit Vegas, its been a while since I've been there but I know the next time I'm going I'm def booking there, even if its a bit out far from the strip its worth the trip, especially if you rent a car, you can always just drive down to the strip.The rooms are designed in a very modern style, which I love... The view from our room was marvels  we saw the desert it just looked like we were in this beautiful hotel in the middle of nowhere, kind of like a prefect vacation... The products they gave (shampoo, shower gel, soaps etc) where very high quality products. We stayed there about a week, the housekeepers kept everything very clean and always replaced all products used. It was very cozy and comfortable to return to a clean room after a long day of wondering around Vegas... After taking a long relaxing bath in a jacuzzi like tub soaking in bubbles and mineral salts you can browse channels and watch tv, how convenient right from you bathtub ( I def need one of those at home ) well when your ready to go to bed you can hop into the shower, rinse off and get ready to jump into a bed full of cozy pillows a fluffy sheets and blankets, hmmm felt just like your bed at home but a little bit better than that ;) Anyway if you do look for a hotel to relax fully I'm telling you, you won't go wrong with this one..
5	Yes it's far from the strip.  That's sort of some of the appeal.  The views are spectacular, both the strip and the mountains.  Imagine a semi-cloudy day at sunset...breathtaking.The rooms are on par with Caesar's Augustus tower.  Probably with the best feature being the tub that faces a wall full of windows.  Glorious!The staff here certainly go the extra mile.  Service with smiles and most have a great memory and welcome you back with open arms.I love the more "upscale" feel of this Hash House A Go Go.  Great and friendly service there as well.This buffet is touted as the best around town.  I'd say it is definitely in the top five and shouldn't be missed.I love the casino here as every machine is in stellar condition and they usually have a good array of games.Stop and give it a try.  Comps are fairly easy to obtain.
5	I'm a regular here because the M gives me free buffet coupons every month. This is the only place i can get prime rib since the Station Casinos buffets got rid of their prime rib to lower their prices.
5	Yeah, it's off the strip, but i love this place! They have an upscale feeling without the snobbery and high-prices! I've never stayed here overnight, but I come here for the $5 blackjack, friendly staff, and the ridiculously AMAZING buffet!
5	We had dinner at Anthony's at The M and it was wonderful! The service was fantastic!   I had the Prime Rib 16oz cut and it was the best dinner I've ever had!  I would highly recommend ordering it, I had it cooked medium rare and it was perfect!  My husband had the Filet medium rare it he loved it as well! We really appreciated the high quality of the food, and the price was well worth it!  Give it a try!  Amy
4	Great attention to detail. Lux accommdations for bargain prices.Wonderful lobby. Sleek room decor. Best rooms in Vegas (OK, compared to Palms, Caesars, Rio, NY NY, TI, Paris, etc).Great hotel! Sleek and modern. Clean and comfortable. Bathroom has window to tub...sexy, and includes an automatic screen if privacy desired. Room has semi-see through automatic window screens in addition to sun-blocking curtains. TV embedded in bathroom mirror in adition to 2 lights is great touch.Lobby is beautifully designed. Tastful with large waterfall walls and oversized flowers break up the room nicely for lounging.Cool casino! Mostly clean despite gross cig smoke.  Nice colors, modern, great looking bar in middle of casino floor.Hash House has great incorrect food and massive portions...best to order a side and split main entree unless you are a HUGE eater with equally high metabolism. Speaking of massive portions, Studio B buffet is very good for a buttet. Plenty of selection and save room for great dessert(s)! Also for big drinkers, beer/wine is included...albeit the very cheap stuff.Pool/strip view is awesome! Unfortunately pool was closed during our Feb stay. Would have been nice to enjoy a swim and dip in jacuzzi. Next time I suppose.Highly recommend and I'll always stay here.  Great find off the main strip, but still on Las Vegas Blvd.  Eventually the casinos will march their way down and it will be in the new main hub I assume.
4	Great place and  friendly staff.. money well spent had a blast.. place is gorgeous especially the pool area...Fellows your girl will love this place
5	My favorite local resort & casino. I love this place and everything about it makes me smile.  I am a regular here and one of the main things i love about the M is how clean it is and there some elegance to it.  I love their Studio Buffet: I can eat there at least three times a week (which I did), the desserts in the buffet is one of the best desserts I had in any other buffets I have been to. The only bad part about it if there is a long line for the buffet, but other than that the buffet is something everyone should try out.  :]Also, I have stayed at the M a few times and I enjoyed my stay there.  The room is just perfect and you can see the strip (depending what view you get).  The bed is absolutely comfortable and I love their bathroom! They have a pastry shop there called Babycakes & they made several of birthday cakes for my family and I. One of the cake we ordered was I think around $40-$50, it was too sweet for my taste. During the summer season: anyone over 21+ should hit up the daydream pool, its small but you can enjoy the summer day at a nice pool and just relax. The music they play is usually good sometimes its lame, but that doesnt stop me from having a good time.
4	A very very classy place. Far removed from the childishness of the strip. So far removed, in fact, that it gets 4 stars instead of the 5 or more that it deserves. Tge rooms are modern and elegant. Valet will always be quick here and there is no elevator security. Still, not highly recomended for men seeking exclusive company, as no professionals will want to travel 30 miles to come see you.
4	Terrific buffet. Food is fresh and tasty. Crab legs are so very good! Desserts could be better. However their cappucinos are yummy. The staff is terrific!  But the wait time in line on the weekend can be hours long :-(
5	This resort was a much needed escape from craziness of the Vegas strip.  We stayed at the Wynn for our wedding, but decided to stay two extra nights at The M for a last minute mini-honey moon.  Being 20 minutes away from the strip, the M Resort was significantly affordable.Modern and sophisticated, The M resort caters to business people who want comfort and a little Vegas fun while working on vacay. Aside from the flux of business people, it isn't called a resort for nothing. This place will straight up pamper you without you even knowing it. Instead of being treated like a tip machine, you immediately feel like real person with the down to earth and friendly staff. Each person here seemed genuine, from the valet, lobby staff, bell hop, even down to the cashier at the convenience store, we really enjoyed talking to them. Mind you, we got into the M right after EDC was wrapping up, so there were only about 200 people in the whole hotel compared to the full capacity it was at for the weekend. I'm sure that was probably one of the reasons we had better service. We are definitely coming back here on our next trip to Vegas.
2	Not my favorite locals casino.  The sickly sweet smell walking in the door left my clothes reeking of the air freshener long after I left the building.Chairs at all the slots were not height adjustable and I felt like I was sliding off them.  Couldn't sit for longer than a couple minutes without a backache.Ridiculous wait times for the buffet which is overpriced & noisy.  Tables are small & jammed together.  Not a place to come for leisurely dining.  Desserts were the best part of it.Decor is eye pleasing, modern & more expensive looking than some of the older casinos around town.
5	Had the pleasure of staying at the M Resort on my previous trip. Before that, I've only visited the resort and casino for their awesome Studio B Buffet. They sent me a postcard not too long ago for two free consecutive nights so that was our perfect excuse to head out to Sin City. I called their 1800# and gave them my promo code and my reservations were set for a Sat check in, Mon check out. All went smoothly with just one call.We drove in on Saturday around noon. As expected, they didn't have any readily available rooms for us at that moment so they say. Not a big issue. Had the bellhop guys take our bags and we went straight for the table to burn time. I checked back occasionally and the lady at the front desk told me the room was not ready yet so I went back to burning more dough. Finally, we checked again around 3 something and the room was good to go. It wasn't a big deal and we knew we were kind of early to check in but when they said they would phone us when the room was ready, they never did. Minor issue and I wasn't about to throw a tantrum especially when our stay was going to be on the house anyway.What I did notice was that the staff here went out of their way to call us by our last names. From the front desk, to the bellman, to the pit bosses. It was always "Mr. B." I think it's in their training module to not treat guests like cattle and that you must greet them by their names. This was quite welcoming. I have many letters in my (Thai) last name and I know that it might be hard to pronounce so I give them mad credit for always trying. The rooms were spectacular and surprisingly awesome. We had a view of the pool and the strip. The room was clean, modern, and sexy. Bose Ipod docking station, flat screen, remote for the curtains, but what tipped the iceberg was their bathroom. Two separate sinks, a mini tv built into the mirror, separate shower with a bench inside, and the sexiest item in there was their bathtub. The bathtub faced out into the room through a window which had a controlling blind system in case you don't want people in the room to see you doing your business. But if you're chillin' in the tub, you can be looking through the room and staring out into your view. I will post pics to show an example. Floor to ceiling windows AND a complimentary lip balm.Environmentalists will appreciate the following. If you choose to not have your sheets and towels changed out, then they ask you to hang this green sign outside your door. As an incentive to help mother earth, they will slip a $5 spend anywhere credit in the hotel coupon. We used this downstairs at Baby Cakes Bakery the next morning to get one of their tasty ice-blended lattes. My only gripe would be the obvious flaw to the M Resort which is their location. It's about 20 minutes south from the main Vegas strip. Meaning if you want to go party it up and get smashed, you're more than likely going to have to take a long cab ride to and from the hotel unless you have a car and designated driver. Other than that, if you prefer to detach yourself from all the hustling and bustling from the main strip, then you may appreciate the isolated location. I can only say great things about my experience with staying here. I definitely would return if they threw another offer at me again or if the rates were great. What more can you ask for? Friendly staff, clean and elegant hotel, and some good dining options: Hash House a Go-Go, Studio B Buffet, Baby Cakes Bakery just to name a few. Many thanks to the staff and to the hotel for hooking us up with our most recent stay.
5	Wow - what a gorgeous hotel. Really nice rooms with sweet views of the strip (you're about 8 miles away and a $20-25 cab ride). Staff was very nice, rooms and casino are new and clean. I'd love to stay here again. Since it is off the strip it took about 10-15 mins for a cab to show. So plan ahead.  But its a great alternative to staying on the strip if you want some luxury. Would love to come back in the summer for the pool
4	uunfortunately I have not been able to stay here yet, its always full. However, this is one of my favorite hotels to frequent. Hash house a go go gives large portions and the bartender, Caine, is very nice! Everything appears to be responabily priced and I strongly reccomend this hotel for those frequent vegas goers who need a break from the craziness of the strip without sacraficing fun, dining, shopping, gambling, and relaxing.
5	We are locals here in Vegas and have lots of time to investigate all of the casinos.  I guess that is what you get when you have lots of time on your hands after retiring!The "M" Resort is a hidden gem and certainly has many people oohing and aaahing when they first visit!    Our favorite place to unwind is the "Hostile Grape", a beautiful wine cave below the spa.    They have a wonderful wine card program that allows you to purchase a card and then use it in the "pouring machines" to taste all types of wines.     The wonderful folks who work there are amazing!     It is so relaxing and they offer all types of appetizers for purchase as well.Although we like the Buffet, it is nothing fancy.   The room is modern and feels more like a Cafeteria.    It is full of wonderful tasty food and you certainly won't go without.    The best Buffet they offer is the "Sunday Brunch" when they offer wine and champagne as part of the price!    The food is top drawer and they even bring out the wonderful "Baby Cakes" (gourmet cupcakes) cupcakes on the dessert bar.    HEAVEN!!!!The "M" is a more upscale, clean, local casino/bar/restaurant establishment and we have come to enjoy our time there very much.   Definitely NOT the "STRIP"!
5	This hotel is easy on the eyes. It's new,smells good not too smokey,the pool looks inviting. The main reason i went here is the buffett. They had it all.highlights for me was the general tso's chicken,prime rib,kalbi ribs,pork ribs,ginger onion crab legs. Now for dessert," the icing on the cake" was the nougat gellato. So if u need to fuel up for the long ride home back to cali this is the place.
5	Stayed here on my birthday. A bit off the strip but soo worth the stay and visit. A great modern hotel with impeccable service. I like the fact you have to past the spa and get a wiff of aromatherapy as you go up the escalator. =) The rooms are so comfortable. The tub.....ahh! The buffet! A must visit. Worth the wait. They had seafood feast when we stayed. Lobster too !!! Soo guud!! A must visit when your in Vegas! =)
1	The room had BED BUGS!!!! and they would not pay for cleaning of my clothes or give back out money! We checked out early. I will never stay there again!
5	I would like to point out first that yes, this resort is OFF the Strip (about a 15-20 minute drive off the Strip).  I stayed here for two nights for a work conference and it did not disappoint.  If you're looking to stay in Las Vegas but be away from the Strip craziness, this is a fantastic place to stay.  It's extremely modern and the hotel and rooms are absolutely beautiful and comfortable.  Sadly the spa was booked for a private conference/party while I was there so I didn't get a chance to check it out but there is absolutely NOTHING I can complain about here.  If you do not rent a car, they do have a shuttle until 8:30 pm to get to the Strip.  We had a car so I don't know exactly how often it runs or when it starts or where they drop you off from but I do know they have one.  We ate at the Vig Deli one night, which was great for a much less expensive meal (side note: if you order the $3 side of fries, you will probably not need more than one for your table .... we didn't know that and had more fries than we even knew what to do with!).  Baby Cakes is also a very delicious coffee and dessert shop.  I didn't have the dessert but I had the Vanilla Cream Latte and I definitely had to have two! I'm not even a latte person!!  As expected, drinks were expensive but it's a casino in Las Vegas -- you can't be surprised :) Go to a liquor store beforehand and drink in your room if you're looking to get drunk.  Besides the obvious priciness, I would recommend The M for anyone looking to stay at a great place off the Strip
1	extremely terrible promotional offers.let me explain.....i used to go there and gamble and i would get those monthly books with the gifts and such....now the trick is to keep a certain amount of points on your card and NOT gamble...go figure.for one,they have a stupid sign up that says"earn an extra gift for earning 500 point"BIGGEST mistake...why not let each and every person get one gift and if they want to earn another than they can get back in that extremely long line and only after every other guest is insured their gift....stop giving 2 ot 3 or 5 gifts per person,...thats why they always seem to run out of stuff when you get to the counter...they are idiots when it comes to the gifts....secondly...when they stop sending the book one month and then the next 3 they decide to send it is BS......as long as you have points on your card you should be receiving that booklet every month....unfortunately the M has become a bunch of penny pinching people that cater only to complete foreigners and the extremely elderly....as far as locals....dont even think about it unless your 75 or older because that's all they care about..p.s. watch out for the people walking out with cases of wine.....those are the ones they cater to mostly :)and unless you throw about 3 grand per day in their now "highly tightened" machines....you can kiss it goodbye
3	Food is awesome but its ridiculously priced! I NEVER win here so I don't recommend trying to get rich in this Casino. Other than that its very clean and staff is pretty friendly.
3	I was here at the M Resort Spa and Casino a few weekends ago for my best friend's wedding.  We booked our reservations for the hotel a few months back on Orbitz (two nights for about $400).  I did a lot of research on line before arriving to the M Resort because I knew we had to work out a lot of details.  Here was my experience just recently:Shuttle Transportation from Airport: Pretty timely (runs every hour pretty much) and good driver.  Although I was almost a little wary that the shuttle was going to break down in the middle of the highway (it was making a lot of noise) but we got to the M Resort in about 15-20 minutes.  The return trip to the Airport was timely and smooth.Concierge:  We walked into the hotel and instantly thought it was a very upscale hotel.  Clean, smelled good (compared to the cigarette smelling hotels you get at a lot of the hotels on the strip) and lots of open space.  We walked over to the concierge where there were two ladies behind the counter.  They were both looking down (not helping anyone, just looking at their computers).  I decided that if they were not going to acknowledge us first, that I would go up to them.  Please remember that I am the paying customer.  "Hello!"  I said.  The lady behind the counter named "Ebony" looked up and responded blankly "Hi".  I told her we had reservations, gave her my identification and my credit card.  She did not open her mouth or talk for the rest of the transaction.  The only time she did was to tell us about our room and the coupons we were getting.  Wow, talk about bland.  She must really NOT like her job and should probably take a lesson on good customer service or how to be personable.  (note to self: minus two stars).Our Room: Beautiful!  So modern and clean.  The bed was HUGE and I loved our flat screen TV.  Did I mention that we had a tub and a shower in our bathroom?  Two sinks.  Desk area.  Average view.  I would say one of the better hotel rooms I've stayed at.Room service:  I ordered breakfast the following day (eggs, sausage, veggies).  The menu said it would take 25-30 mins from the time of order.  Fortunately it took only 10 minutes! (Plus one star).  It came with a cute table, black table cloth, a flower, ketchup and jelly bottles. SO perfect!  Casino:  Great tables including roulette at a minimum of $5/hand.  Pretty awesome and you can't get that at any hotel on the strip.  I love my wheel of fortune slot machines.  Although I did lose about $60, I was fine with having a good time.  George was our table guy when we played roulette and he was pretty cool.Hostile Grape - Loved this place!  Great place to catch live music and sip on your favorite wine.  Lots of varieties of wine and they even have Saki!  Their appetizers looked pretty good too.  The service here was average, I know it was busy but when I asked someone how to work the wine machines, she said she would be with me and never came back to help.  Babycakes Coffee and Bakery - their coffee was average but their croissants were AMAZING! So big and delicious and buttery! I did not get to experience the spa or the pool.  The pool was closed (too cold) and the spa looked great, just not enough time to get anything done.  Overall, a good place to stay. I'd like to try it one more time in the future with hopes that their concierge staff brightens their personalities up a little and with the expectation that I win at the casino!!!
4	I attended a conference here for a few days.  The entire facility was very new looking, nicely appointed and clean.  My brother and I had a good time playing craps at the casino...all of the dealers were very polite and helpful.  Good food selection:  Hash House, 32 degrees pub.
5	Since opening about 3 years ago, the M Resort has won a ton of awards and has established itself as a favorite locals' casino. Their gaming promos are among the best in the Valley, and they offer a great variety including shirts, coffee mugs, throws and seasonal items. The restaurant selection rivals Station Casinos, and includes Hash House, Vig Deli and an awesome buffet (Studio M). Add a wine bar (Hostile Grape) and beer bar (32 Degrees) pouring while you play video poker, and this resort is a weekend getaway waiting to happen. The pool is one of the best in the Valley too.
5	On our last night in Vegas, my friend had a comp for a FREE buffet dinner at The M 's Lux Room.So we weren't there to gamble, we dressed up to the nines.The invite was for the invitation holder plus 1 only...so hoping to get our third friend in, we finagled and we were able to get an extra ticket!!The food was spectacular, we loved the FREE open bar and we met a lovely Italian family we shared a table with, and the view was unforgettable!Everything was top shelf, king crab legs, prime rib, halibut, salads and breads...and omgggg the HUGE dessert table!!On my next Vegas getaway, I would like to stay at The M for sure...definitely a night to remember!
4	The M Resort has become a favorite of mine over the last few years. It is easily the farthest hotel from where I live, but because of the cool events they host and some of their bars and restaurants I gladly make the trip to that end of the world.  Rock N Roll Wines here in Vegas hold a number of big wine events/ concerts at The M as well as their weekly acoustic show and wine tasting in The Hostile Grape. These events are wait initially introduced us to the hotel. The Hostile Grape along with places like Hash House are reason in and of themselves to visit The M. The casino is generally pretty busy, but it doesn't have that touristy feel you get at places farther down The Strip. The lobby, bars and other non-gaming areas have more of an upscale Beverly Hills feel than a Vegas gambling hall feel. The rooms are very nicely appointed and all the rooms I've been in have great views. The pool area is nothing short of fantastic with plenty of poolside beds and lounge chairs. The pool is the perfect venue for warm weather concerts which are held there occasionally.  The M Resort boasts room rate specials for Californians and I have seen several specials for locals as well. The drive to The Strip from The M is about 7-8 minutes down I-15 or about 15 minutes on Las Vegas Blvd. So if you want a nice room with all the amenities without the hustle and noise of The Strip, check out The M Resort.
1	I am writing this because I have never been so inferiated in my entire life ! I just got married this past weekend at the M Resort Hotel and the only thing that was beautiful about my wedding here is that my husband looked amazing and that my parents and friends helped this to all come together. The woman who supposidley was in charge of weddings had NO clue what she was doing. She had the audacity to show my wedding site while it was set up for my ceremony just an hour before I was to get married there to another couple wanting to get married at the hotel. All I feel personally she shouls have been doing that morning is worrying about my wedding! She also had told me she would put a picture of my husband and I up on a screen for guests to see before they go up the elevator to the reception. On the day of my wedding she tells my parents she claimed never to have got it, yet it shows in my email she did! As well as she told me she recieved it. Now for the resevation desk that is a whole other nightmare....they put my husband and I our first night next to his parents in an adjoining room.We told them that was unacceptable and asked to be moved. Our honey moon suite they paid for was next to my parents on our weddng night !!!! Really are these people that retarded. They gave my guests rooms that were occupied,keys that did not work and rooms with double beds for people whoe we had told them were just two people. They over charged me as well as my mother in law. There is an up front $100.00 charge for the rooms that takes 5-7 business days to get back unless you pay it in cash, which they don't tell you about at all when you book a room !!!! My wedding was beautiful that day but everything else service wise about this hotel was beyond dissapointing. I was hoping to have a place to go back to every year for our anniversary but now I am unsure if its worth the hassel we had. Tracy Cook
4	What happens in Henderson, stays in Henderson. Well, unless you are Yelp elite and love to flap gums as I do. We didn't stay here, we were just passing through to get away from the craziness of the strip. It's quiet here, so if quiet is not your thing, don't bother. The slot machines are nice and loose here, so if getting ripped off at the big places on the strip IS your thing, don't bother. The staff are friendly here, so if bad attitudes and a lack of customer service are your thing....You see where I am going with this. The people here are super nice, super chill and it was  a lot of fun. Here is an example. I won some cash at the slot machines and did what any guy would. Decided to regain man card points by hitting the craps table. The guy rolling the dice when I showed up was a piece of work. He held the dice throughout a story he told about something I can't recall b/c I was too focused on his hands. Roll the freakin' dice old balls!!! If the guy was handling the dice like that on the strip, at Wynn, Cosmo, MGM etc. they'd rip the dice from his hands and send him to Harrah's or Bill's Casino. But not here. Here the pit boss makes a joke about it, laughs really hard and loud and then proceeds to allow the guy to continue holding the dice while story telling. It was a thing of beauty. A good place, doubtful I'd ever stay here as Wynn is my home away from home while in Vegas, but I think we would come back to play. Also, the spa has been given 4.5 stars by our fellow Yelpers, so maybe that's another aspect of the hotel we need to enjoy.
5	Great, clean and modern hotel/ casino!!! It may be a little ways from the strip maybe15-20 minutes, but a really great hotel!! It has everything u would need a huge beautiful pool, awesome restaurants, and even a wine bar!! I noticed the bar in the main casino area has happy hour prices for a long time!!! Will definitely be back ASAP!!
4	This place is a very nice destination type resort.  It's about 10 miles from the Strip but provides complimentary shuttle service to the Strip, shopping and the airport.  The casino is nice, tons of slots and table games.  I did not gamble much but those that did seem to enjoy losing their money.  I remind people that they don't build these places because they lose.  The food is pretty good, with lots of options and the drink prices are reasonable.  For a weekend getaway without the insanity of the strip, this is a good pick.
4	Just stayed at the M this weekend with my husband to celebrate my birthday :)  The rooms: are fabulous! They decor is very posh and chic.  The layout has a very open feel to it.  The bathrooms are great.  The tub even has a window that opens up to the bedroom. The bed is super comfortable.  You activate your power in the room by placing your key card into a little slot which is nice so you don't waste energy when you're not in your room.  The downside- no robes :(  and the toiletries are average.  The food:We ate at the Studio B buffet for sunday brunch.  It was okay.  Yes its large and yes alcohol for the most part is included, but as far as the quality of the food goes... well let's just say is definitely no Wynn buffet ( which in my opinion is the #1 buffet of all time!).  Baby cakes is fantastic though!!! a must try!!!!  The cupcakes are wonderful, moist and the frosting is not too sweet or overbearing.  I tried the double chocolate and it was heavenly.  They also had sandwiches and chips too.   The ham and cheese croissant came with dijon mustard spread = delicious!!!!  The service:All of the staff members from the front desk the valet, were wonderful.  Everyone was so kind and helpful.  The only complaint was our drink server at the Studio B buffet she was kind of slow getting our drinks out when we asked for refills.  Other than that we were always greeted, always asked if we needed directions to anywhere, always offered any additional help.
2	So I realize there are about umpteen reviews written about this place and I hardly ever review businesses that have more than 30 reviews. But I feel like I have something to say. I don't agree with the 4.5 star rating this resort currently has. I've been staying here for about 5 days now and still have 2 days to go till we leave.Well, first of all, the M is about a $30-$40 cab ride from the strip. And at the resort itself, there is nothing to do. No shows or anything. There is some gambling space, of course, and a pool. And a "spa". (An eyebrow wax at their spa is $30 and they automatically add a 20% gratuity. Can you tell by my eyebrows that I paid $35 for them? Probably not..)They have a shuttle that takes you to the strip. But it only runs like 2-4 times a day. And they have this crazy rule that they only take the first 21 or so people. So there's always people climbing over each other hoping they make the cut.Also, the worst room service experience I have ever had. I tried a few of the breakfast items, 3 or 4 of the lunch and dinner items. Everything was terrible and overpriced. And they have really bizarre room service rules. So for example, the staff member brings up my trolley and meal. I tell him that I don't need the trolly and to please take it away. He refuses. Saying it's company policy that they have to come back for it. Like, I hate being disturbed. I'd rather they just took it. But, no.All in all, I don't think I would stay here again. It's nice, in a way, because you're nestled by the mountains and have an amazing view (choose the Mountain side rooms definitely). And you don't have the craziness of the strip. But honestly, you will probably go nuts because of isolation out here.
5	If you like Vegas buffets, then the buffet here is five-star dinning. The selections look and taste fresh. The servers are attentive and very friendly.  Everyone here treats you like they are glad to have you here as a guest. I would highly recommend this resort for every thing, not just the food.
5	NOT on The Strip.EXCELLENT and diverse buffet.BEAUTIFUL well-kept rooms.WONDERFUL pool!My favorite place to stay in Las Vegas  NV.
5	Amazing Buffet! Slot for play! Beautiful rooms. I love this place. It's our family favorite haunt! I've recommended friends to stay in this hotel. Loving it! If you want to just relax and stay away from the strip, this is the place for you.
4	I came to the M Resort Spa & Casino as I departed Vegas for a last meal & gambling. The M Resort is way off the strip, but it has such a great relaxing vibe to the place. Walking in alone, the aroma of flowers that they use just lifts you away into peacefulness.The buffet is cheap & first class. For $15 lunch buffet, I put myself into a food coma. Free beer (what a perk!), and a great amount of food, the selection is worth the price. I do wish there were crab legs when I went for lunch, but maybe that's a dinner thing.As for gambling, I do wish the resort had more table games available, but since they did not take my money, I won't complain haha. Lots and LOTS of slot machines if that fancies you!I definitely will keep the M Resort on the top of my list of hotels. The drive isn't that bad, and even if I wanted to get a taxi, I'm sure the cost is probably around $30-40, split among 3-4 people -- it just isn't something to worry about!
4	Stayed here last weekend for EDC because we knew if we stayed at a hotel near the strip, we wouldn't get any rest. Don't get me wrong, we raged at EDC and we were out all night but when it's time to get some sleep to recover and rage again another day, I NEED peace and quiet and the M delivered.The room are spacious and well-kept. Our room overlooked their massive swimming pool and had a beautiful view of the mountains. My only complaint is that there pool was super shallow. I'm 5'4" and had no issues just standing up to keep my head above water.I'm also a big fan of the Vig Deli. I ordered their chicken wrap and was expecting a half ass chicken tortilla wrap with romaine lettuce and they blew me away with juicy chicken breast, grilled mushrooms and onions, with melted cheese. I ordered it on Friday and on Sunday. No joke, it was that good. Their buffet was great too. Someone here mentioned that it was good as the Wynn buffet and I have to disagree. Wynn has veal, lamb chops, and so much more to offer than this place but then again, Wynn is sper expensive. So for what it's worth, this place is a good value especially because you get free wine and beer. the only item that stood out for me was their grilled lamb chop. Try it. Lastly, the customer service here was hands down the best that I've recieved in a long time at a hotel. The staff was courteous, friendly, and always had a smile on their face. I'm looking forward to my next trip. Keep up the great service!
5	This is the place to go in Vegas after you graduate from the tourist traps on the strip. When you walk in the door you notice the fresh clean smell of the place. It's spotless well laid out. It's a good sized place but too far of a  walk to any of the restaurants or pool area. It's at the very end of Las Vegas Blvd far away from the main strip. But the views of the strip from the rooms are spectacular. The slots are loose, The Buffet is outstanding with all the tap beer and wine you can drink. You have to try the Chicken and Waffles breakfast at the Hash House a Go Go. It's two giant fried boneless breasts with 4 bacon stuffed Belgium waffles stacked a foot high.  The service at the front desk is outstanding they actually will take the time login to the airlines site to print off your boarding passes for you. I make about 4 trips to LV a year and this is my favorite Casino Hotel to stay at.
4	So, I have a confession.... I'm kind of a Strip-snob. It's my playground and one of my favorite places to be on any vacation. I can't fully express my love for it on a single Yelp review-- no less on a property that is a tad too far from the Strip for my liking! (Renting a car can fix this but there goes the alcohol element of the Vegas trip).  ....HOWEVER....**4.5 stars for this property as the BEST off-strip resort/gaming property. This place would make an absolute killing if it were on the strip. I've stayed here a solid 8-9 times and really haven't had any negative experiences. So, without further ado, the pros & cons of The M Resort:PROS:--Amazing rooms: Their standard room  rivals that of any other basic room at the high-end resorts on the strip. Very modern and pretty spacious (especially the room with a single king bed). Large and in charge bathroom and vanity area, complete with jet bathtub, great & roomy shower with a level for seating, and double sinks. TV in the mirror and separate water closet. TIP: Try to request a north facing room so have a beautiful view of the pool and strip! --Pool: Only been here a few times, but a gorgeous and vast pool area. Several lounge chairs and cocktail waitresses. --Casino: Very open space for gaming with plenty of options to fit any gambler's palette. I LOVE their bars throughout the casino; the knowledgeable and friendly bartenders really provide for an above average experience. Good player's card programs. --Spa Mio: Simple, yet well-done. Clean facilities and very reasonable prices for treatments. Fan them on Facebook to see the frequent deals they roll out. I also have a supplementary review for them. --Baby Cakes: The counterpart/competitor for Jean Philippe Patisserie in Bellagio & Aria, I adore this cute little pastry/coffee shop/cafe. Don't miss out on the palmier or almond croissant (warning: it has an almond paste in it). The muffins are also worth a try. --Marinelli's: This is an unexpected gem in The M. They have delicious Italian fare and this is the only restaurant we consistently dine at for dinner when we stay at The M. Look at my future review for Marinelli's. CONS:--Lobby: Okay, freakin' COOL IT with the nauseating, disgusting, fake flower smell in the lobby. I can't spend too much time in this area without having to leave. Other properties are guilty of this apparent obsession with pumping in artificial scents: The Tropicana has a vanilla/pineapple smell, Aria has a bit of a vanilla scent, etc...I can function fine with those, but this is just so excessive. --Other dining options: Not a fan of anything else at The M. They've had several restaurants come and go- and for good reason! Missed potential.--Ventilation: Just like all other casinos, chain smokers are out to kill you with their second hand smoke. The only property that has solved this problem is the Wynn/Encore. Everywhere else needs to pick it up.Overall, this is one of the best possible options if you're looking to avoid the hectic whirlwind that is known as Las Vegas Boulevard.
4	Beautiful casino/hotel way off the strip.  The first casino once you get into Vegas city limits, if I am not mistaken.  Much more of a locals hangout due to location but worth the trip for a change of pace from the strip.  The decor is really pleasing and the gaming areas that I frequented was very clean and attractive.  Sign up for their players card and get a t-shirt or a free play on a slot machine.
5	The hotel and rooms very contemporary. The Place is Absolutely beautiful! Best place I've stayed in a long time.  The only place that I've just wanted to hang out in the room and chill.  Had a nice view of the mountains. Service is great. and of course my All Time Favorite Buffet , Studio B, is in this place. It's not on the strip, which is a good thing for me.  It's very relaxing.  I'll definitely be going back. Plus if you're  from CA, you get 30% off the rooms.
4	Why is it so far away from society? Looks like it can be part of Aria, Vdara and Cosmo.  Came for the buffet, which was amazing. Very modern look and feel, sign up for the members club card, get free $5 credit, which can turn into thousands of dollars! Just wish it was closer to the strip, but just for the buffet I wouldn't mind the drive.
5	Only locals really know about this true gem.  This is my go-to casino when it comes to buffets or if I feel a little sinful and gamble away my hard earned money.  Btw, the house always wins... no really;  but.... its always fun when you go with family and friends.  The resort/casino is always clean and not overly crowded like casinos on the strip.  Plus its pretty close to home too.  Oh ya, they've won best buffet 2 years in a row... and I'm not surprised in the very least having eaten at all the buffets in vegas :).  I've also heard that their massage services are A+ too, though I haven't had the luxury to try.  If you're coming in from cali up I-15, you really can't miss it.  This is the place to go if you want to get away from the strip and still be able to enjoy vegas.
4	PROS:- GREAT guest services! they provide a car service with a driver from the hotel to and from the strip (you call them and they'll come pick you up from wherever) that charges the same as a cab...maybe even less. when we got to where we needed to be and asked what we should pay, the driver responded with "whatever you think is fair!". the cab ride is about $45-50 (GAHHH) so we just paid that amount to the driver...plus a little more since the hotel employees are so great to chat with during the drive- clean rooms- great buffet that's reasonably priced- cheaper room rates since you're not on the stripCONS:- no trundle beds/cots allowed in the room (apparently it's a fire hazard. psh...fire)- as far from the strip as you can get- more of a family resort...went to the pool and it was just a bunch of little kids with their parents and grandparents
5	Love this place.  Affordable rates, clean rooms, nice casino.  Lots of penny slots, FANTASTIC buffet, awesome pool.  Sign up for a club card to get great deals.
5	Amazing customer service! Every food request I had they full filled. So helpful!
4	Love this property ! Rooms are understated simple modern elegance with floor to ceiling windows and large curtains on electric switch, stayed here several times and happy to come back for the rooms alone.  BEST off-strip resort/gaming property. Pros & cons of The M Resort:PROS:--Love the rooms: Their standard room  rivals that of any other basic room at the high-end resorts on the strip and more to my taste than most. Very modern and  spacious. Large bathroom and vanity area, complete with jet bathtub, great & roomy shower with a level for seating  Double sinks, TV in the mirror and separate water closet. TIP: Try to request a north facing room so have a beautiful view of the pool and strip!--Pool: Beautiful & big pool area. Several lounge chairs and cocktail waitresses.--Casino: Very open space for gaming with plenty of options to fit any gambler --Lobby: Love it ! elegant modern and nice fragrance in the air CONS:--Dining options: Need to work on service .. seriously not that it is much worse than many other hotela .. but consistently lack of pride at work is evident to a level that the problem is on a management level and not waiting staff, am lactose intolerant and told them so in the steak restaurant 3 times had to send food back in same evening and request again and again when they kept bringing plates out with items i cant eat, final time when they brought the steak i specifically asked if they put any butter on top despite assurances when i became badly sick after dinner it was evident that the waiter simply lied   ... now if this would have been just this time it would have been bad enough but this is happening in almost every visit i had at the property... in almost every restaurant in the property ... on every night ...... come on .....   this item alone prevents the property from making a 5 star and pulls it down to the 3 star level.... gave it a 4 as I am hopping they will shape up
5	The best buffet, EVER! Great selection, good price and OMG... The dessert station is to die for! The largest gellato selection! Pure happiness!The only downfall is its so far away from the strip. I tend to grab brunch on the way there and if I have time, grab lunch or dinner on the way out :)
1	Spent last weekend there for a wedding, brought 2 kids.  Where do I start?  Half the guests got food poisoning, and not from the wedding food but from various other sources, including the big buffet and room service - likely dirty food handlers, yheek!  Security insisted on awkwardly interviewing each person in their room in order to make a report, but since we were tending to fussy kids and my sick wife, we passed.  We figured enough guests went through their meaningless report process.    My Rolex, a family gift and the only jewelry I have of any value, was stolen at the pool, likely by a pool area employee since no guests around us.  Security and Managers strongly defended all employees before they even heard the facts - I was not taken seriously by any of the security or managers.  They promised I would hear from a manager via email and phone, and I never heard from anyone.  I had to constantly call to get updates, and it was clear that nobody was investigating anything.  Nothing is safe there.Took my 2 year old in for a haircut at the "spa" (not much of one), asked for a small trim to maintain his long hair, specifically a jr. Justin Bieber look, and he proceeded to buzz his hair with a military cut.  I won't even tell you what I heard from my wife when she saw it - I hope the mandatory supervised visits she imposed will ease off with time.After all of this, not one person received any comps., no acknowledgement of the bad service or trouble we all went through, and all were indifferent.  They just wanted us to return home like the rest of the victims.   If you really want to stay here, I would advise you to leave your valuables at home, take care of any haircuts or other care at your local "spa", and bring survival food packs.  Then, you can enjoy the mediocre service at the pool.
5	By far one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. Ultra modern, beautifully furnished, smells clean and sexy, and friendly staff!They have 2 pools, one family pool and one adult pool that opens on the weekends. I really wanted to go to the adult pool because I was told it gets pretty crazy in there but we didn't have the time during our stay. I did order one cocktail ($9.75) at the pool called the Cocoloco?? Delicious, not too sweet at all and had a nice kick, even finished the cocktail with some coconut water on top. Remember to hydrate people.. this is VEGAS! The room was immaculate. The shades for the windows were operated by switch as was the blind from the bathroom to the rest of the room. The toilet had a privacy door within the bathroom and the shower was on the opposite side of the bathroom (about 5 ft away from the toilet) and was very cool. The shower had a bench and a huge shower head and was in all stone. I want one just like it for my home! the king bed was luxurious and had about 5 different pillows. Some very soft and some very hard. A nice sized gym with treadmills with screens and free water bottles. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.BONUS: They offer shuttles to and from both the airport and the strip! FOR FREE! Boom!
5	My family did not stay here, but we always have at least one dinner at the buffet here whenever we are in Vegas. It is one of the best buffets in terms of selection. Absolutely everyone in your party will be able to find something they like.International foods from all over the world are well represented; flavorful selections that are made with care even though it is served buffet style.This buffet feels like an adventure; be prepared to wait up to an hour to be seated once you get in line-it's worth it. If you go with a larger party, you can take turns waiting in line and saving your spot while others explore the casino and such.This hotel has a more "open" feel with high ceilings-it feels way less cramped and cagey than most of the places on the strip.
1	The slot machines here are the tightest in Las Vegas.  I would go somewhere else if you like to play slots.  And it is so far away from everything else there is in Las Vegas.  A good 15 minutes to the main strip.  And a bit pricey for what they offer.
4	Pros:- Fantastic customer service, friendly and helpful.- Beautiful rooms: spacious, luxurious and immaculate. Lots of modern features. Our room also had a beautiful view of the strip.- Free shuttles to and from the strip (only a few times a day, though)- Home to the amazing Studio B buffet.- Huge, beautiful pool area.- Affordable rates. 30% off for CA residents.Cons:- Far from the strip, 15-20 minute drive or a $30-40 cab ride. - Dining options are limited, the only place I eat here is the buffet.Best hotel option off the strip if you're able to accommodate the distance.
4	Many of my friends recommended this hotel for the buffet. We passed by it on the I-15 when arriving to Las Vegas from Los Angeles. What a gorgeous and hip looking hotel!We did not stay there but ate at the buffet during breakfast / lunch time. Food was good but again we are talking about a buffet where the food sits under heat lamps.You will notice the hotel works hard a providing a good product with good service.The personnel behind the counter worked hard in ensuring the serving trays were full. I noticed a supervisor advising others which trays were running low on food. The vegetables are fresh and the tomatoes are ripe and not hard pink apples. The smoke salmon was great. The salmon was sliced for a large fish and not from a cheap trout size fish. Another item that disappeared quickly is the Kalbri beef during lunch. The meat tasted good (canned sauce) but the meat is very chewy to the point where my 10 y.o. could not swallow it. The pastries, except the bagels, were good. I liked the fact the portions were small so you can try a few of them without getting full.The cooked shrimp was a disappointment. The heat lamps overcooked the shrimp and the texture went rubbery. I wish they would serve the peel and eat shrimp on ice.My kids loved the desserts and there is a big variety of them. The portions are very small so you can try many of them. Lastly, the gelato was good and quite a number of flavors to pick from.Overall my kids love it. For me, it was one of the better buffets.
4	Great locals casino, dealers can be fun, the place is gorgeous, and they have my favorite Oyster Bar! 1/3 price bottles of wine on some nights! #score.  They have a Hash House a Go-Go too. Pool is really nice but there's alot of kids, and they don't ensure they kids have swimmie diapers on [bad bad bad] and I've definitely been there when they have to close the pool down b/c some kid pooped in the pool.  So that's not my favorite. I now go to the adult pool.  Their center bar always has the same 4 or 5 guys working and they are extremely attentive and very friendly.Great place, just keep in mind, there is *NOTHING* around here at all. So when you're there, your're there and there's no where else to go.
5	I live 3-5 mins away from this place....  This casino is by far my favorite place to gamble.  Staff here are very nice and friendly (unlike the strip).I stayed here for 3 days and the rooms are clean, well kept.  Housekeeping are also very nice, they are always greeting me when i walk by.  Made me feel at home.By the way... take a bubble bath and watch tv (in the bathroom mirror)!
4	This is a great hotel. It caters to the local clientele but as an upscale option (most local casinos are on the side of 'dive casinos.'It has a very modern feel and is comparable to Cosmo or Aria in that way. However, it's not nearly as large as the other casinos.If you can get over the location (it's far from the strip) and the relatively sleepy feel of the place, it may be the perfect casino. It's never crowded, service has always been good to me, and there's a 15 dollar lunch buffet that includes alcohol on weekdays. And this buffet is no joke, it's actually a really good buffet.
1	The story of how I had a road bump in my Vegas trip due to "Douchebag Mike"  Hey Mike, why the long face?  Why the rude comments?  Tryin' to shoot some dice and make some money at the craps table, why are you making bets with my money?  Is that why they call you "Douchebag Mike?"If anyone is looking to swing by before their stop to the Vegas strip I know someone that can provide you with great service!!!  Contact:Name:  MikeAKA:  "The Douche Bag"Job:  Craps DealerWhere:  Craps table @ M Resort CasinoProfile:  Asian with a bad English accentI arrived to M Resort for cheap gambling and a little fun!  All I got was a rude craps dealer who was spreading bets on the table without my permission.  All night he constantly was talking trash.  Until I asked him, "Hey Mike, isn't your job just to hand me my money?"  He was pissed after I said that.  After that the pitboss sent him on a solo mission to the break room by himself.  Cool yourself Mike, your attitude sucks!  Anyhow, I would never go back to this casino if Mike is working at the craps table.  I told everyone that I get better customer service on the strip and left.Thanks Mike you suck!
5	With over 400 reviews, I don't know who is going to read this at this point.....BUTThe M is my favorite LV area hotel, bar none.  Best slot players program, great food, fresh air....no smoke smell.   I've seriously have stayed at more than 50 vegas motels, and hotels and the M is the best.  None of the attitude of places like The Hotel at MB, or Venetian.  Its like a larger version of the Gold Nugget.    They do almost everything right and I cant wait to go back.
5	The Buffet is definitely the best experience I've had so far. Did the lunch buffet this last Tuesday... My husband and I paid $15.99 ea. The Buffet came with an Expresso Bar at the Dessert Bar and a beer and wine bar as well. As soon as we walked in to get seated, my husband grab a quick beer before heading to our seats. They still had breakfast items out so we got both menus. There was a variety of food and comparable to some of the higher end hotel buffets, but it was definitely the different "bars" that sets this place apart from the others. And the price was well worth it! The waitress was also very nice! We both left the buffet satisfied! Did not stay at the hotel but we walked around. I did not notice a lot of drink servers walking around the casino... Not sure if it's a place I would gamble at. The pool was amazing... 2 Baywatch-like lifeguards on duty. I would love to stay at this hotel once if I didn't have timeshare.
5	Even though this hotel is far off the strip, it is worth it! The hotel is absolutely gorgeous.. and the buffet.... this has got to be the BEST buffet in Vegas. Yes.. even better than the Wynn buffet. The price is reasonable, and you have a large selection of food to choose from. But the best part about this buffet was the all you can drink--yes that includes alcoholic beverages (just make sure you tip the bartender). We made sure that we made our meal worth the price. They also brew the best beer I have ever tasted. It's a cider beer. Unfortunately, it's not sold anywhere. So the only way to drink it is to eat at the buffet.On my next trip to vegas, I will definitely be back!
4	Though this is very much off the strip, it's a place to stop at if you're visiting Vegas.  We usually stop here for the buffet because it's one of the best around for value.I'm not much of a gambler, but on my last trip to Vegas, we gambled here to kill some time before we wanted to eat the buffet.  It was Labor Day, so the price was an all day price and we could go any time, but we wanted to get there before a major line start.  (Read my review on the buffet)  As for gambling, I think it was a good experience for me.  Not that I have much reference.  On this trip, my friends and I got a wish list, each person picks an activity everyone must participate.  One of them choose to have everyone play pai gow poker together.  We had to wait for a table where everyone can play at, so some played at different tables until we finally got a $5 table.  I started at a $10 table because that's all was open.  I never played pai gow before but it's basically seven card poker, I've played 13 card poker for fun (no money bets).  The most of the dealers are nice.  They'll help you out if you need it, and I needed a lot of help!  I would have to say the best dealer is Coco, she's fun, has a great sense of humor, and super friendly.  Some of the other dealers were nice, but not as friendly.  I think it's a matter of how you like to play, some rather not socialize when they gamble.  I can say I won money here $10!  But it would have been $25 if I didn't play the last couple of hands at pai gow.I would definitely come back here for the buffet, maybe for gambling, and not too sure about staying here because I would much rather stay out at the strip because that's where everything is.  I love the high ceilings so you don't get choked up with smoke like many other places.  Always will be a stop when I go to Vegas.
4	One of the best "locals" hotel/casinos. Great location with one of the best buffets around. Easy parking access and always very clean inside and out. Been here for breakfast, lunch, dinner and outdoor concerts.
5	SO IMPRESSED. I've never stayed in this hotel or been to their pool but the buffet and the casino are TOP NOTCH. Everything inside is beautiful! The M is so classy and very pleasing on the eye. I'd love to stay here sometime but It's unfortunate that it isn't a little closer to the action and excitement of the strip. Definitely a cool place to come and gamble or grab a few drinks at one of the lovely little bars.
4	First of all I LOVE THIS HOTEL!! The Buffet is THE BEST EVER!!! FABULOUS FOOD AND FREE WINE & BEER AND GREAT QUALITY AT THAT!! well  it's included in the overall price. But you can get as many glasses of wine and beer as you like. Also, the price is great.I only  play the slots and I love their machines. The gambling area is clean and modern and hardly any smoke smell!!I will stay here again and again and again!!I LOVE IT!!!
4	I only went to a conference here so I can't speak about the rooms or service. But it is a beautiful building. Outstanding design. The conference facilities were great and I have no complaints there.
5	My favorite hotel off the strip. Never a bad experience and always wanting more =)
4	When visiting Vegas, I normally do not stay off the strip but this trip was different. I stayed here for a work conference Tues-Thursday and I was impressed with the hotel. Hotel is very modern in style, rooms are great, casino is not as smokey as other casinos are. This is a fairly new hotel and casino, only 3 years old. We ate at 3 of the restaurants in the hotel and all 3 were very good, my favorite being Marinelli's Authentic Italian. We also had dinner at Anthony's Prime Steak and Seafood and Hash House a Go Go. I would like to see how this place is on a weekend. Since we stayed here during the week, it was a little on the slow side and not much action going on.
5	Even before staying here I was prepared to give M 5 stars.  They have an awesome micro brew selection, the casino is super clean and modern, the pool is amazing, and the buffet is great.  This was the first time I have ever stayed here though and my expectations were extremely exceeded.  They upgraded us to a suite, which I was thinking, "Yeah, whatever, I'm sure it is nothing special, maybe a bigger t.v."  No, it was a true super nice suite.  Large living room area, t.v.'s in every room (including the bathroom, in the mirror), a big bedroom, a bar, an amazing bathroom complete with robes.Drink here, gamble here, and if you stay here I hope you get upgraded (maybe $20 trick?).
5	Classy, ultra-modern, luxurious hotel with the friendliest staff. Service deserves a 10 out of 5. Great restaurants with good food. The buffet is great with a huge selection of food for the foodies out there. It's the best of Vegas without the noise, drunks and the craziness. The strip is about 7-10 mins away so no big deal if you want to see the freaks, shows and go to the clubs. Did I mention the great buffet? Each stay here makes me want to come back for more. Stay and experience if for yourself.
5	This has to be one of my favorite Hotels/Casinos in Las Vegas.  -Always clean.  Still has the new look and is not one of those casinos that smells like smoke everywhere you go. -Staff:  Best Associates and service from Valet to Table Dealers.  You always feel welcome, unlike some places where you can tell it's always a hustle for them.-Ambiance:  Mostly locals, but a lot from California.  I think the M caters to the California crowd. -Restaurants:  Studio B, Deli, great oyster bar, and Hash House.  -Gambling:  Good table games and limits kept fairly low.  Poker Room is chill too-Pool: Great pool, similar to Red Rocks.  I never stayed in their rooms and still had access. -Bar:  Love their bar that sits in the middle of the casino.  Plush seating and cool staff.  The bartenders always strike a conversation and they keep it going to.  -Cocktail Waitresses:  They must have some of the finest cocktail waitresses working at the M.  They even have their own calendar.  Take that Hooters!!-Parking: I usually valet just so I can walk through their lobby where you can smell the freshness of the place.  Must be the flowers. But if you choose against valet, their parking is easy in and out. My only issue is that they got rid of Veloce (top of the M bar/restuarant). Had some of the best views of Vegas while you dine and drink the night away. Now it's used for special events. I use to frequent M at least twice a week when I lived close.  Now that I'm a little north, I don't get much time out here.  However, I still manage a visit at least once a month.
4	I came here twice and only to eat at one of the restaurants. The place is gorgeous, modern and clean. Very well decorated and it has a nice smell when you go in. Tons of bars and restaurants and a very open casino floor. It's about 10 min south of the strip, so definitely not too far to stay at. The pool area and pool looks amazing. Has a very young crowd feel.
4	Came here for the much talked about seafood buffet and it really did live up to its hype.  My group and I arrived around 1pm Sunday and waited about an hour in line.  Once you get it inside the "waiting area" for an additional wait to get seated, you can order drinks while you wait which made the wait less dreadful.Almost all of the the selections which made it to my plate were very good and most importantly had quality.   I stacked up mostly on the seafood and meats and like 10% carbs.  Dessert selections were plenty and very good as well.  Overall, this is one of the best buffets I've been to in Vegas.  Although, I did expect more seafood selections.
3	For those of you who can't read this hotel is in HENDERSON not Las Vegas! Ok. Now that I got that out....This hotel is beautiful.  Its has dark wood features and an amazing array of all the gambling glory Vegas is known for.  The only thing I do not like is the smell of this place.  PACHOULI CENTER! UGH! I would prefer the smell of cigarettes over the lingering smell of pachouli!!  Get out of there and head for the fantastic pool..ahhhhh, now thats better.
5	Best Casino off the strip! Wynn quality with very reasonable rates. Dealers and Pit Bosses are very friendly. Cocktail waitresses are super polite (and hot!). Can't go wrong with any restaurant in the joint. Rooms are great. Beds are soooooo nice! Beware, you may not want to ever leave the bed!
3	Nice decor. No entertainment.  Enough said.
4	This has become my favorite locals casino.  I seem to always cash when I play here!  Holla!  It's a really nice casino, clean, not to smokey & the staff is really nice.  I am not a fan usually of buffets, but the Studio buffet is so good.  There is a reason the line for it is so long.  The desserts are to die for!  Win or lose, I always have a great time here. Maybe the next Megabucks Jackpot will be mine! ;)
4	One of the nicest off-strip hotels, and when I say off strip, i mean way the ef out there.The M resort is pretty much located on the southern edge of vegas - well technically Henderson. When driving in from LA is the the first hotel you see. Overall its a beautiful place, very modern design, nice interior, and great service. I think they put alot of effort into making sure this place looks something you find on the strip. The lobby is gorgeous, and the design for many of the restaurants look great.I guess technically its a local's casino, but one of the better ones. Due to it's location, it has a great view of the city, you can see pretty much all of Vegas. Its well now for the M buffet (see my separate review of it) which is a massive buffet, complete with free wine and beer, with a surprisingly good level of quality for the food. The center piece of the M is of course the pool. It over looks the entire city and makes for a great day-club during the summer. The only draw backs is that if your not eating or gambling there really isn't much else to do here. Unlike the other local casinos, there are no movie theaters, bowling alleys, and no nightlife here to speak of. There are a couple bars but nothing close to an ultra lounge or club, but really the only time I have come in here is to pretty much eat. Having neither doesn't help it blur the line between local casino vs. resort.Overall its a great place, definitely check it out for the view, buffet and pool (if its open).
5	There are two types of emotions I get when I encounter the M Resort. One is on the way to Vegas and I see the M Resort "OMG WE ARE ALMOST THERE!!!!!!" and Two, "DOWN FOR THE BUFFET? LET'S LEAVE WITH A BANG!"The M Resort is easy to spot, but HARD to get to. Once you exit, the roads open up and takes you into 9423832 different directions. Even though i've been there many times, I still get lost getting to and from the M Resort. The interior is gorgeous and still offers that luxurious Vegas appeal away from the strip!
4	I did not stay here!During my vegas trip, my friend said he had to check this place out because it was so nice and not like the other vegas strip casinos.When we first got there we looked around, the pool area looks amazing. Plenty of room for sunbathers, swimmers, drinkers and everyone else who wants to hang out by the pool. In the basement there is a winery with a tasting option (honestly I don't remember the prices). But you pay x amount of money and they give you a card, there seemed to be well over 150 different wines and 10 scotches or whiskeys to taste. You can get the 3oz, 5 oz or full glass, each for different prices depending on the wine. You can also order bottles. I cannot recommend this enough.We ate at the restaurant across from the main entrance. My buddy got a burger, which I had a small bite of and it was great. I wasn't that hungry so I got the slider burgers, again were great. I got a glass of Johnny Walker Blue for $20!! The food was very good.There was a lot of information about the spa and some of the other things at the hotel.The casino was nice, very empty for a Sunday night. But it was nice, lot of games. The bar was dead and there was a band playing, they were not that good. The big problem is that it is so far off from the strip. We rented a car and drove their, I can't imagine what it would cost to take a taxi. I would recommend this place to stay there one night and have your alone time (who says that) and stay in the building. Then go do your party in the strip. Too much and too far to cab it back and forth for a trip.But, yes check this place out!
5	This is purely a review for the BUFFET ONLY.Hands down.The best buffet in Vegas I have EVER been to!!So good...there are NO words to even describe or give this place justice.  So we'll leave it there. Ha!The 1 hour+ wait and obscene line to into this place speaks for itself.
5	Wow, the M Resort gets 5 stars AGAIN for their Studio B Buffet! Love that place!The highlights of the buffet for their dinner buffet ($49 including taxes and tip) were the half-sliced crab legs, cold oysters, the well-done sides of the prime rib (even though prime rib is a medium-rare meat delicacy lol), and their sweet mashed potatoes. The not so good items for me were the sushi and why does it not surprise me that all buffets have disappointing sushi? I don't know I thought maybe because I was in Vegas and at a bomb ass buffet the sushi would be different but it wasn't to my dismay :(Our server was speedy and the wine was good. The gelato was okay but I should have gotten the coffee flavor. The tiramisu was the best dessert :) I miss this place already I need to go back ASAP! :D
1	The buffet at the M resort is so bad it almost made me SICK ! The waitress told me it was good when it first opened. I went here on the recomendation of a waitress at Main Street Station casino, proof that locals are not that hip in Las Vegas. The only saving grace at this disgusting buffet is the free beer and wine
4	For $105 a night (this price may only be reflective for  wedding guests), this is a pretty awesome deal. The hotel overall is really beautiful, the rooms were clean and neat. Although not as many activities (besides gambling, of course) to keep entertained, all the restaurants inside are pretty tasty. The pool was closed for the season, and although convenient from the highway, it was still slightly too far off the strip. But parking was convenient, and really, it was just a pleasant place to stay. Would definitely come back and stay.
4	Just went here for the first time a couple days ago. I thought it was a very nice resort. CLEAN, and spaced properly between the machines and gaming tables, (not like the cosmopolitan)                                                                                  we signed up the the iMagine players card in hopes we would get a two for one for their buffet that is suppose to be AMAZING. just not sure that I want to pay 80 for the two of us..  the colors and chandeliers are great. colors are bright.
3	Nice locals spot
3	Came here for the buffet. Honestly, it was good, but I don't know if it's the best I've had in Vegas (I still think that goes to Rio) but it did have some very wonderful unique items, and free beer/wine. Another knock is that it's so far removed from the main drag of Las Vegas Blvd. You have to really go outta your way to get there. The casino is very nice & welcoming. One upside to it's distance is that it helps with crowd control. The casino floor was very inviting and uncrowded which let me roam around trying to find just the right slot machine for me (unfortunately I picked the wrong one as I walked away with only winning a couple bucks. Oh well!).
5	The best hotel we have ever stayed in.  Was there for a conference and cannot believe how good the attention to detail and the level of service was.  If we did have an issue, it was immediately corrected.  The staff is genuinely friendly. The bars are incredible. Especially the Lux. Food was excellent, and it really is the best buffet in Nevada. We will be back.
4	WOW! I am excited to come stay at this place a night I am in Vegas again. This time we were just cutting through to hit up Hash House. But I was very impressed with the casino and dining options.
5	Came here because I got a room comped. I will go back...even if I have to pay. Very luxurious rooms, great Italian restaurant and a to die for buffet. When you ask directions, a staff member doesn't just tell you where it is...they actually walk you there even if they have to go out of their way to do it. It's off the strip but because of that it's extremely quiet and relaxing. Great place to get away.
5	I've gotten to really like this hotel & casino over the last few visits I've been there. The beds are terribly comfortable and I love the auto-shades to block off the sun in the morning (but not too much so you won't know it's time to get up). When on vacation you have to let the senses, good and bad, take over and put away that alarm clock or alarm app. The auto-shade for the bathtub is kinda fun too if you're with a playful significant other. The shades open up the bathroom to the rest of the room.  A little voyeurism between couples never hurt no one. ;-)The casino is fair.  Win some , lose some. Seems like moderate progressives hit here quite a bit...go for those.  Dealers are friendly and the cashiers are the best.  The cashiers handle the players club stuff now, compared to a year ago, and they do a great job on both.  Unfortunately, when its busy (and sometimes dead), its hard to get a drink.  I'm a sucker...a lot of the cocktail servers are stunning, so I'm quite forgiving.  Yeah, yeah, yeah! I know...Foodwise, you've got to love The Studio B Buffet.  They've got a great assortment to choose from but I don't recommend going more than 3 days in a row...you'll get buffet'd out...it's a terrible feeling of being full even when you haven't ate...everything (food) just sounds bad at that point even Studio B. Anthony's Steakhouse is also pretty good although pricey even for normal steakhouse prices. I haven't been to The Oyster Bar yet but had the sushi at the steakhouse so it should be worthy. Looking forward to Burgers & Brews one day also. They've got an Italian restaurant also that gives a great deal when using your players points M-W...nice! As for Hash-House-A-Go-Go...well I've boycotted the brand.  It's better to go to Vig Deli...much better food (of course I'm being bias).Awesome pool when it's open.  Nice area to watch all the beautiful people relaxing and having fun when kids aren't around.  Plenty of cabanas and bar service available.  And, who needs Hawaii when you got a burning sun to tan on at this oasis...plenty of sun, and no other high rise casinos to shade the pool.The people that make The M Resort run smoothly--the service staff, are awesome. Always nice to go away from The Strip once awhile.
4	Came here with my girls for the buffet and it was exactly as it was described to me...food mecca.  There was food for as far as the eye could see!Wine and beer are included in your buffet - a nice touch.  Everything is serve yourself.  There was everything imaginable.  We were there to talk and eat, so we paced ourselves over the nearly 6 hours we were there (no kidding).  The staff were pleasant, the food was fresh, hot, and in abundance. Everything we tried we enjoyed.   The desserts were also really good.It is not in the city, but it's a short drive.  The casino itself it great, so why not?
4	The M Resort was our first stop this time around in Vegas.We were hungry and wanted to avoid the crowds on the strip (at least while we had breakfast)and when trusty yelp showed that Hash House a go go was in here we  made a stop to fuel up before the long weekend ahead.The resort is simply gorgeous, classic, elegant but still w ith a very modern/clean feel.Parking a breeze, no crowds here, great bars and restaurants, impeccable service, if you don't mind not being able to walk to the strip or are not here for wild  n crazy, this is a great place to stay.
4	This review is only for the Casino. It is a very small Casino but nicely decorated and very modern. The dealers were nice. I was up, I was down, yet it was a nice experience. I was here for an event and they know how to throw a party!
5	Let me start by saying that I have never been one for staying away from the strip when I go to Vegas. I feel that if I am spending the time and money to travel to Las Vegas I might as well stay on the strip. All that change the moment I walked into M Resort.The lobby is beautifully decorated with water and natural stone elements that rival most hi priced resorts. The staff is immediately at your disposal. The check in was quick and effortless. Once we exited the elevator onto our floor you are taken back again by the decor. It has an elegant aura with a sophisticated look. As you walk into the room there is a feature that I have never seen in a resort before. You insert one of the two keys given to you at check-in that will activate the rooms  power. All lights automatically turn on and you are taken back by the beautiful accommodations. The amount of thought that must have gone into choosing every piece of furniture and amenities will not go unnoticed. From the built in plasma television inside the bathroom mirror to the two way glass in the bath tub allowing you to see the rooms elegance as your in the tub. The food was just as amazing as would would expect from a hi-end resort like this one anywhere in Vegas. So I wasn't to surprised . The fitness center however was the most impressive that I have experienced in a long time. Most resorts will not put too much effort into the fitness center because as you can imagine they want you on the casino floor spending your money. Not this place, the put as much detail and effort into the fitness center as they did into the rest of the resort. Unfortunately  I didn't get a chance to hang out by the pool as i was only there for one night, but from what I saw walking around it looked amazing. If you want to stay in a resort and feel like you have an unlimited budget, this is the place. I have paid the same amount for a Holiday Inn Express as I did in this resort. So if you want the MOST bang for your buck and not feel like your missing out on anything, this is the place to stay. By the way, it's only 12 minute drive to the strip.
4	My boyfriend had a conference for work here at the M Resort. It was Wednesday-Saturday and I tagged along. The room was amazing. The beds were comfortable and everything looked new and clean. The bathroom was LARGE with double sinks, a large soaking tub with a window view into the rest of the room/looking out at our view of the pool and in the distance-the Strip, a large shower with bench seat and even a t.v. screen built in to the vanity mirror!! I could watch t.v while putting on my make-up or doing my hair which was a nice perk. Restaurant food in the Resort was delicious!The gym was fancy! Not your typical hotel gym with a few machines. Looks like they took the time to make it nice (you have to pay to use it but if you are needing a workout while on vacation it will be worth the money).Parking was free, albeit they didn't have a place for you to pull up to the front lobby and unload. That was reserved for Limos/Taxis and Valet only. So if you self park, you have to carry your luggage through the Casino to get to the guest room elevators. But hey, it was free so I'd take that over having to pay for resort parking at $10/day like other places I've been to. Now, the only reason I am giving this place a 4 instead of a 5 is because they have a ridiculous schedule for their pool. It is seasonal only--so forget about swimming or using the hot tub if you visit in the off season. It's Vegas---tourist town. People like to swim, sit in the hot tub on their vacation!! It is also only open from 10am-6pm during the open season!!! The pool itself is great. It has a perimeter of shallow calf-deep water where they have lounge chairs in the water. Then the rest of the pool is only 4-5 ft deep. Perfect for cooling off when the weather is hot. Plenty of lounge chairs outside the pool and they have cabanas to rent and awesome pool side food and beverage service. Free ice water if you don't want to drink alcohol but want to stay hydrated. So it sucks if you are in a business meeting all day and then want to relax in the pool in the evening, like my boyfriend. It is 90 degrees at 6pm and they close the pool. It doesn't make sense that a resort in the desert would close their pool when the sun is still out and the temperature is hot!Overall I had a great time and I would defintely stay there again.
4	Not in our neighborhood, but we make the drive once a week to enjoy a few hours of gambling time.   The slots used to be much looser, but despite this, we enjoy the ambiance and the constant watch by the cocktail waitresses making sure we have our Baileys coffee.   We have been to the buffet many times and its a good buffet for the price.  Not real impressed with the 24 hour deli, the management could do much better with something more reasonably priced.   The players club promotions and gifts are nice also.   Good assortment of machines, and nice place to play.
5	This is one of my favorite hotels I have ever stayed in.   LUX special event restaurant is in the top floor of the 16th floor, you can watch the panoramic view of the Vegas.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is very comfortable and romantic. The room is clean.  TV in the bathroom.  Enjoy the food so much.  Good place to stay.
4	Gorgeous room, very clean, great service. Bathrooms are very spacious and come with two sinks as well as a large bathtub which looks over the strip and a walk in shower that has a bench inside. TVs have cable and I also saw some premium channels on the list as well like HBO. The pool area wasn't very crowded which was nice. Go early to secure a great spot because it got busier around noon. Only con about staying at this place is the distance from the main strip. Taking a taxi took at least 15 minutes so if you're trying to get the whole Vegas experience, I wouldn't stay here. Definitely a great place to stay if you're looking for a more relaxing experience!
5	I LOVE this off strip casino resort! So clean and classy. Less is MOREGuest rooms are beatiful and always clean. I Love the Casino decor. contemporary and inviting! Very fun HUGE casino. Keeps you occupied for hours on end.FOOD at M Resort SHINES! BEST BUFFET IN ALL OF VEGAS! also, Hash House AGOGO is rediculously GREAT! food is BOMB.... Even the little sports bar cafe has good late night food.I really enjoy staying here. The locals that come here are awesome. A Perfect getaway from the Vegas Strip
4	Far off the beaten path of the Las Vegas Strip is The M Resort and to be honest, this place doesn't get enough credit.Because summer and its terrible heat is upon us, I'll get to the important stuff: the pool. I can count on one hand how many hotel pools let non-hotel guests in and The M is one of them. For locals it's $10 and guarantees you a towel or two and a seat, even on busy days. Because this is more of a locals hangout, there are a lot of kids, but community pools are worse and filthy. The pool here is clean and even though it can get crowded the water isn't soupy like other places.I stayed here a couple of summers ago right after it had first opened and had a great time. The rooms were beautiful and the hotel has a nice offering of bars and restaurants, not to mention the buffet which is probably one of the best in town. I'm not sure if they're still doing it, but when I went, I got to add on unlimited wine for $5. The buffet was pretty extensive, but not overwhelming and the food was above average for the buffet experience.Since it's still a new-ish hotel, it doesn't yet have eau de Marlboro stuck into the fibers of the carpet, so walking through isn't the tragedy that it is at other hotels. Definitely would come back here for a staycation and recommend for a Vegas experience that is as classy as it is relaxing.
5	This is our close to home casino as we live just down the street.  We are here about 1-2 times per week.  The M is a much cleaner casino than the Strip ones and some of the other local casinos.  The ventilation must be better there too as we never go home smelling like smoke.  The pipe in a peach or strawberry smell, not overpowering, throughout the casino.  It makes it especially pleasant when you don't feel or smell like an ash tray going home after being there for an hour. Food at the M.  Oh my, so many delicious choices.  Hash House a GO GO, Anthony's Steakhouse and Burgers, Marinelli's for Italian, VIg Deli, an Oyster Bar too oh and of course the Studio B buffet.  If you stay here, you really don't have to leave unless you want to see one of the strip shows.  All of the bars here are spacious and Ravello, where they have bands etc on the weekends is just good fun. The staff deserves their own set of praise.  I have not met a cranky one yet!  In all the restaurants, the drink waitresses, the staff bar tenders at the poker and sports book bars etc.  They are all incredible nice and it is really good, when as a local, they begin to recognize you.  The service is the same but you get to know them a bit better. :)  Especially when they remember your drink and have it for you before asking. :)  The valet guys are darn funny too!  They are a chatty bunch which is honestly a good thing, you want happy people bringing your car around. The pool and the rooms are a great bonus.  Clean and welcoming.  A few extra pieces to add in, they have a wine tasting bar and a pastry place too.  So many hidden extra and gems here!  This is a great place to come get your relax on!  Relax, you know you want to!
4	I'm actually wordless in trying to start this review.I love everything about this hotel! From the pool, the buffet, the MLife rewards!And no need to go into the strip and face all the traffic and tourists!The M is so elegant and peaceful and definitely one of my favorite hotels in Vegas!
5	I booked my reservation in January 2013 for May 2013.  I was happy to get the 30% off California rate and told the res agent that my boyfriend was turning 40, so the discount was a early birthday gift.Four months later, at check-in they surprisingly gave us free upgrade to the basic Suite (Which is absolutely beautiful) Especially the views of the strip and the mountainsI spent time at Spa Mio, OMG! Heaven! Worth the extra $15...Oh the fitness club entrance was free.The pool(s) are breath taking! The restaurants (Hash House a go-go!) are worth every penny! If I had a complaint, it would be the in room refreshment bar. Even if you touch an item on the bar, its automatically charged to your room.  Totally unnecessary! But they took the charges off, no problem!Anyway, I plan on returning sometime in August to celebrate my aunts last Chemo radiation treatment.  I hope its the same M resort as the one I just experienced!
5	I absolutely love this Hotel!   Usually the wife and I stay at hotels on the strip.  But decided to give this one a try.   First off, it actually feels like you are at a resort because it's located far away from the strip at a remote location.  The rates are very reasonable considering it is a fairly new hotel.  Very clean room, comfortable bed and nice decoration.  My favorite is the pool!  very spacious and staff are friendly.  Haven't tried their buffet yet but heard a lot of good reviews so the next time we stay we will definitely hit it.   Free WIFI would have been nice, they charge 12.99 a day. But then again most high end hotels on the strip don't have free wifi.
5	Incredible buffet! It's pretty pricy for each person but completely worth it. There is a wide variety of food including desserts and    anything you can imagine! The decor is wonderful and it was just a great experience! The food was outstanding! It's a must to come to the buffet!
4	Very clean, smoke free casino...............great dinning about buffer , deli and restaurant. Service staff are friend and welcoming. The best for a off strip casino.
5	I'm a Vegas local and have come to this casino in the past strictly for the pool. I had a Bachelorette party in town who wanted to rent a cabana. They were staying on the strip and to rent a cabana at their hotel would have been $50 a person and that isn't including food/drinks.  I called around and the M resort offered the best deal as far as the Cabana goes.  I called ahead of time and talked to the concierge desk;  I have a group of 10 girls and was inquiring about a shuttle from the strip to the M.  They have pick ups on the strip and drop offs! PERFECT.  I call the morning of and got Vick (?) on the phone, and he told me where to go to meet the shuttle. We're standing there for 10 minutes....shuttle drives right on by!..... I call the concierge desk back, and luckily got Vick back....he took down my number and said he would radio the bus driver. He called me back 5 minutes later and told me the bus driver was turning around!! Then 5 minutes later called me back to make sure we got on the bus! I told him we were still waiting and he suggested we split the 2 groups up and meet further down the road and he would radio once more to the shuttle driver.  Turns out the Bus driver had the pick up location wrong and the group that had split up to go further up the road was able to flag him down.  We finally were able to get to the M resort, but with the help of Vick. I have never dealt with such a NICE and caring concierge in my life. That is saying a lot because I've lived in Vegas my whole life.  Because of his willingness to help, I will forever recommend the M resort to anyone. Keep it up, Vick!
4	I really enjoyed my stay. It is beautiful! I like it because it is a little more relaxed and mature. I enjoyed the wine tasting(30% off the bottle if you like it!), Happy Hour at Anthony's Bar and the  M Bar.  The seafood Gumbo at the Oyster Bar was delicious. The relaxation massage was amazing. Once you stay here, you won't want to stay anywhere else; especially if you don't like the crowds or the strip traffic.
4	We have yet to stay here, but we have played here.  We left with more money than we came in with so that is enough to make me a fan!By the way, the casino looks very modern and the ventilation system is pretty good.  Not nearly as smokeful as the other casinos in Vegas!Will be back in the future.
5	Excellent customer service. I have traveled to many different places and as a business owner have a high standard for customer service and quality; M Resort exceed my expectations. The staff went above and beyond to ensure my needs were met, as well as, showed genuine care and concern for us. I would not only stay there again, but recommend them to everyone i know. Other hotels need to learn from M Resort on selecting quality employees and training staff properly.
5	Great service very nice and lean off the strip. When we checked the girl at the desk over heard that it was our anniversary sent up chocolate coved strawberry to are room. Overall we will be back to stay here!
4	Sunday Funday... We decided not to go to EBC and hit up the M Resort. This is my first time here, with Hunnie Bunnie in tow. That being said we stayed in the main pool area, not Day Dream... Lots of lounge chairs, including some IN the water, and a FEW umbrellas for shade. They could definitely step up their game on the shade situation, but we had an umbrella so no REAL complaint here. They also have daybeds and cabana rentals available - I'm not sure how much those cost but they looked nice. We enjoyed our day at the pool, the water was refreshing and the sangria was GOOD!! Cocktail servers seemed hard to come by, especially the one for our section since we asked TWO other cocktail servers if we could order some stuff - the first one said she would get our server and nobody ever came by. The second server we waved down said she wasnt our server either, but she would take our order and pass it on. NO server EVER came back and the bartender was the one who delivered our goods. Either way it was a great day and I will definitely be back to this pool and also hopefully check out Day Dream Pool.
3	3.5-4.0 starsWe've stayed at a number of hotels/resorts around Las Vegas and the M is pretty nice . As mentioned in previous reviews it is off the strip.. about 10 miles or so. The staff were very friendly.When we arrived we were upgraded to a larger suite.. nice.The room was very clean and modern. Everything functioned... no real issues. Not that TV is all that important while you are in Vegas however, the signal kept cutting out.  I would assume due to the storms, the winds knocked the satellite off a little. The walls were thin... as in when the baby in the room next to us started crying/screaming  we heard it all. (Why on earth do parents bring kids to Vegas?,...I will never understand this!!) We could also hear a lot of noise from the cars being parked by the valet....  The noise issues is what gives the place a 3.5-4.0 rating IMO.  No major issues... again... clean room... nice staff.We will try another place when we head back to Vegas in the coming months. But.. if you want to stay off the strip... I would recommend staying here if you want to be in south Vegas/Henderson.
4	This place is beautiful. I have never stayed here but, we are locals and love coming here for the slots and eating. It is always clean and smells wonderful!! They have windows floor to ceiling all around and the views are breath taking. Never ran into a staff member that was not nice or willing to help you out. We of course will come back weekly :)
3	I like the fact that California residents get a special rate. I got 30% off with the strip view for only $118 a night. The only gripe I have is that the walls in this room is really thin. I could hear the next door group of girls singing and even talking. Not a big fan of that. It is such a shame because the rooms were really nice. The gym is also really nice but you have to go through the Spa and it closes early. Was pretty bummed that it wasn't 24/7.
4	The M Resort is a wonderful and modern local hotel and casino. I love them for their selection of restaurants (*cough cough Anthony's Brews and Burgers*) and their posh rooms. I go here about 2-3 times a month and I haven't been disappointed with their services.
5	I like this place. So clean, new, and it doesn't smell like smoke! Good service, really good. I'd say Anthony's and its Oyster Bar is just Fabulous! Especially the Oyster Bar and the Shrimp Cocktail! Sadly. the Sushi restaurant "Veloce Cibo" closed but it was a good restaurant, I liked how it was on the rooftop, but now it's closed, now it's for Wedding Receptions or Meeting or something. It still has awesome restaurants like the Vig Deli (I recommend the Wings!). Marinellis is a bit over priced, and by a bit, it's like medium portions but big price, but it's delicious. Baby Cakes is a seriously good for ice cream, or bakery stuff. StudioB, oh man this place is BIG AND AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! with a capital !. It's a big buffet with choices of American, Chinese, and in the morning Omelets! There's italian, and there is.. DESSERT. It's amazing. Hash house a go go- Good! Medium price for big big portions, so don't order too much so Go here for breakfast! Let's see, the pool! The pools is nice, it's plain and just amazing. The M is amazinggggggggggggggg le woooshjhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I forgot to mention something. The Rooms are so clean and amazing, but it all depends on which room you get, but in general, they're great.P.S. Lobster is awesome
5	We had a big meeting here for about 250 people and everything went well.  They took good care of us and gave us everything we needed.  We were offered bottled water upon arrival.  Our company had a discounted group rate for Studio B Buffet and everyone in our group skipped the long line at the buffet for our meals.  The staff was wonderful and always pleasant and eager to help.  We had access to their beautiful pool and cabanas.  The rooms were flawless.  It's far enough from The Strip to where nobody in our group wandered off during our meetings but close enough to where the free shuttle can take us there in about 15 minutes.  It's close to the airport and again, you can take their shuttle to and from the airport.It's a beautiful and clean hotel.  From the lobby to conference rooms...spotless!  They have a spa across from the business center.  I was always in the business center during our 5-day meeting.  They charge for handling packages whether shipping or receiving depending on the weight of the package.  We kept them busy but they never ran out of patience for us.  They carried my big boxes for me all the way to the Pavilion.  They butchered my last name and never got it right but I guess that's ok.The casino wasn't smokey.  There have plenty of restaurants and bars inside the resort.  There's Hash House A-Go-Go, Anthony's Steak and Seafood, Vig Deli, Baby Cakes, Hostile Grap, M Bar, Ravello, Marinelli's, Studio B Buffet (one of the best buffets in town), Burgers and Brews, etc.I'd highly recommend M for staycations, business functions and for tourists who don't want to be on The Strip.
5	My first time at this hotel and loved it! Away from the craziness of the strip and mid aged people rather than the crazy younger ones. Nice and clean rooms. Loved laying out at the pool! Not crowded and you do not feel like you have to compete with the younger crowd. Great overall experience!
5	Very nice casino. Always clean and ventilated. My favorite buffet. Now that Hash House A Go Go has smaller portions, it is a great place to eat with awesome meatloaf served with gravy instead of tomato sauce.
4	Great hotel. A little out of the way and the strip shuttle stopped operating too early.
5	My family of four stayed here for the first time and we had an amazing time!! The service and quality is the way all Hotels should treat their guests - we have been vacationing at Green Valley Ranch for the past 4 years and their service has gone down every year!! So we tried the M and we will come back for sure!!-I also want to say that our Front Desk check in lady "Ventura" was amazing!!!  She really took care of every detail and sent us a "gift tray of cupcakes" for staying there for the first time with a card signed by her-- I highly recommend getting a "Strip" view and staying as high up the building as you can- the view from the room is spectacular mornings and night!-we heard a lot about the buffet and let me say we ended up going twice during our four night stay!! It's probably our favorite buffet now!!-The M Resort is outstanding- clean, friendly, good restaurants, awesome pool, and gym!! My only selfish wish is that they get a Starbucks or Coffee Bean soon!! Haha!I highly recommend this Hotel!!
1	I'm giving a 1 star review based on the fact that its a newer casino but yet it has NO POKER ROOM! They took it out since they were not making any money off it.
5	I thought I wouldn't like this place being 10 mins off the strip, but it turned out to be great.  It was great to get away from the congestion and hustle off the strip and stay at this place.  It's calmer and very elegantly designed inside.  There's always room at the slots and tables, everything is clean and modern.  The staff is superb, all the way from the front desk to the cashier at the buffet.  The pools are nice with plenty of seating, though I would recommend the staff provide more umbrellas because everyone was fighting to get a shaded area since it was over 100 degrees outside.  There's a lot of kids in the pool though, but I think there's an adult pool as well somewhere.Inside there's lots of dining options, we tried Baby Cakes a few times for their coffee and desserts which were good.  I did not like the Studio Buffet too much, I would recommend going on the strip for the higher end ones.  Unless you like crab legs and free beer/wine then this buffet might suit you.  Vig Deli is pretty good as well.   There's plenty of free parking in the garages.  It took like 10-15 mins to drive to the strip.  By the 2nd day however we didn't even want to go on the strip and just wanted to relax at the hotel.  I'd recommend it if you like a more calmer way of Vegas.
5	Great rooms, chic, clean and removed from the hustle and bustle of the strip but, close enough if you wanna go too.  Gorgeous pool area.  They offer a $5 in house gift card a day when you "go green" and opt out of having your room cleaned.  Niiiice place to stay.  All good things.
1	Actually, I'm pretty sad to write this review because we love this hotel.  The rooms are nice and clean but this time around we came home with bed bugs.  Stayed in room 8124, 8126 as joining rooms over the Labor Day weekend.  We go every 3 months and sadly got hit with the unthinkable ... BED BUGS.  At first we were in denial after returning home ... but all signs point to bed bugs (i.e., bites in a linear pattern).  Every few nights, new bites have been appearing.  Now on the hunt for a good Bed Bug exterminator.
5	This place is beautiful! it's luxurious and modern and a few min south of the main Strip. The casino in general is big and laid out well easy to navigate. Def a fan of this place and will return again next time I'm in Vegas and would love to enjoy a room here to boot. The place had a nice relaxing atmosphere actually kinda quiet for such a nice place it felt like this place belonged on the main Strip!
4	The rooms are luxury at its finest, room service hot and prepared properly, nail tecs excellent and massage therapists experts! The buffet is the best off the strip!  Anthony's steak house is a real let down!  The food is not consistent from week to week. They need a chef that does not serve crunchy uncooked rice, steak that is not cooked properly, lobster that is not rubber and chewy, risotto not cooked properly, crunchy raw.  Not sure where the salsa for the coconut shrimp is made but it is not consistent from one week to the other!
5	Great hotel, happy with the service. They had free shuttles running from the hotel to the strip/airport. The bedrooms were beautiful and customer service was great!
3	Overall ok. Nice to be off the strip. Live band in the club was sub-par. Food is good everywhere. Biggest issue is that the pool closes at 6pm. Way to early, especially with the lacking nightlife...
1	NO soundproofing, could hear the room next door and a lady yelling & screaming. Walls are just drywall, complained to manager and he moved our room to another room. Later that night a rowdy group had a party in a room above ours and we had to get a room change again.  Staff did not help, much in stopping the music and noise. They cater to rowdy people and then the cordless phones in each room went dead!!!  All the batteries in these phones are not kept up.  Housekeeping never replaced tissues in box in room.  We had a horrible stay for 3 nights Oct 4-7, 2013.  Avoid this hotel, not worth it.
4	This is a beautiful, modern, classy-looking casino that attracts a lot of locals. It's kind of out in the sticks a little bit but if you live in Henderson it's a short drive.The wine bar and tasting area downstairs has a cool atmosphere and is a fun place to have an outing with a small to medium-sized group (I used to come here with work peeps). They also have free tasting events occasionally, you can sign up for their email newsletter and get the info.I also enjoyed coming here and as casinos go it has a much more refined, modern feel than most on the strip or GVR.
1	Management is rude and worthless...
5	The M Resort is one of my favorite resorts in Las Vegas.  Since we are local we have not stayed here yet.  They have quite a bit to offer.  We mainly come here for the restaurants.  The Buffet is by far the best in town!  I love that they have my favorite dessert, Creme Brulee all the time and not just once in a while!  They also have espresso drinks available in the dessert area.  There is also a Hash House, Baby Cakes Bakery, Vig Deli, Anthony's Steak house and Burger Joint.  The hotel as a whole is spotless!  The smoke in the casino area is kept to a minimum.  The pool area is great!  Plenty of seating and the pool staff is great! Even the food at the pool is great too! Ravello lounge has some great entertainment.  The wine/drink selections are great with a nice price range for everyone's tastes.
5	The M Resort is beautiful and very clean! Smoking is allowed in the casino, however, it does not smell like smoke! They won me over right there. The casino is a decent size. They have a great buffet, spa, Hash House A Go Go, Baby Cakes Bakery, Anthony's Steak House, Anthony's burgers, a little deli place, M bar, wine bar and many more. I didn't even get to experience it all but I plan to in the future. This is definitely the place for locals, or for people who just want to relax and not stay on the strip. It's like a 10 min drive to the strip so if you need to go, then it's an option. The room was amazing. The view was facing the strip so at night it was awesome and lit up. The beds are SO comfortable. The carpets and linens were clean. The bathroom is huge! Separate space for toilet, separate space for shower, and a spa bathtub! I also really enjoyed their "Spa Mio" products. BEWARE: This place is for people who are pretty comfortable with each other. The bathroom has a window. If you are in the bedroom, you can see inside the bathroom VERY clearly. Yes, there is a shade you can pull down (electronically!) but if you aren't super comfortable with that, I would say find something with a bathroom door that actually locks. I cannot wait to stay here again. Definitely has that resort feel. I would like to come back and experience the summer at M.
1	Such a disaster.......Called Friday at 7pm asked for a king room for friday and saturday night, was told all the had was mountain side king at $175, good to go. Get out there at 10:45 and have a difficult time actually finding the main entrance, valet was polite.Check in with Susy and low and behold the only have Queen beds available!! How can you have sold out of king rooms in 3 hours?!?!Well i was having none of this, so i said "oh no you ditn't" and snapped my fingers back on forth. What bothered me is she replied "well we'll have to move some other guests around sir......." So you're gonna wake people up at 11 pm and tell em to switch rooms so i can have a king bed?? awesome!!! (insert sarcasm here).Room was decent, a strip side room.............. which is smaller............ on the 2nd floor. I suppose if there was a fire we'd be grateful we'd have to jump 2 feet to the rooftop......... Rooms are loud as shit, toilets and doors are industrial strength with more banging going on than a brothel in Pahrump.Casino was ridiculously tight, i lost $1200 on machines and my TOTAL rewards at the end of the trip was $4 cash. But they can only return increments of $5. Yeah, GFY. Dealers were bad ass though and they had multiple $5 blackjack tables on a saturday night. I hated the experience, will never go back here, maybe we're spoiled by fancy strip hotels, or maybe this place is just cheap and doesn't give a crap about Californians with money.Oh yeah..................... and there's no poker room.
5	This is my FAVORITE hotel! Friendly staff, great buffet and awesome casino. Lots of choices to play and I always leave a winner!!  Rob the bartender is always friendly and shakes up MEAN martins.  Thank you M resort and staff for always making me feel welcome!
3	We held some events here at this venue. The facilities are very nice. Big beautiful ballrooms. The banquet staff was helpful and friendly. We had minimal wait times to have our requests met. The one complaint that I have is concerning signage and directions. It was very confusing and difficult to find an area to unload our gear. We finally ended up using valet to accommodate our parking and unloading needs. It was extremely frustrating.
5	I love the Buffet at M! Lots of variety to choose from! First time ever I saw country fried steak at a buffet! I was in heaven! The food is great, the service is great the restaurant is great. I think I may have had 4 plates! I was full but didn't want to stop! Everything was just wonderful.This was breakfast time that I came. The lunch portion of the buffet was starting to come out too! Man I'm full!
5	I live in Henderson so the M is about a 15 minute drive. The Spa is the best I have been to in this area, you feel very pampered. Locals get a discount.Anthony's Steakhouse is by far the best restaurant in Las Vegas area.  The meals, presentation, and service are outstanding.  Bruno and Fabio two longtime waiters are fun and add to the wonderful experience.  The place is pricey but the ambiance and quality are well worth it.
4	This casino was very nice, especially compared to the casinos on the strip. It was clean and well organized, and very large. The drink servers wear the lowest cut shirts I've ever seen, but this is appropriate for Vegas. I played a Craps table for the first time and the employee on my side of the table was helpful in teaching me how to play. I just wish he had spoken a little more English so I could have completely understood what he was saying. The drinks are free while you play, but the waitresses visit the tables more often than the slots. This was about a 10-15 minute drive away from the strip, but you can see a view of the strip. If you're looking for a quiet resort in Vegas, this is the place to go.
5	I do A lot of traveling. It was so nice to stay in a hotel that treats you kindness and a  warmness I think you so muchI'm back for CESWay to go!!
1	I heard that the buffet at the M was one of the best in Vegas..... I was SO disappointed.    It was the seafood brunch --   The crab legs were very small and tasteless.  The shrimp was just okay.     The salad variety was poor and the food quality was disappointing.   I think someone in marketing started the rumor about it being a great buffet, problem is, I will never go back -- and, after talking to other locals, none do the other people I spoke with will go  there either.   Totally not worth it.  The buffet at the Paris is far superior.
3	This place really deserves a minimum of four stars.  It's an very nice elegant large casinos.  Plenty of slot machines, but old and new to keep all one arm bandits happy.  Nice friendly dealers at cheap tables.  The best buffet in Vegas.  I don't come here often, but seem to get food comps most of the time, so their reward program is better than most.  So why didn't I give it 4 stars?  Because it's a million miles away from the strip.
3	I attended a holiday party this weekend held in a loft suite at the M. I was not responsible for paying for anything, but was simply there as a guest.First impression:This casino is FAR.  It was really far out of the way for me...also the parking lot/garage/surface parking situation was really confusing.  I didn't want to park and walk through the whole casino, I just wanted to park close to the hotel entrance without using the valet parking.  I walked into the casino and to a bar in the race/sports book to ask where I should park, and 1.  I could barely hear the guy behind the bar. 2.  He made NO sense at all.Once I found my way to the suite, the experience was incredible.  The suite was huge, and very clean with a beautiful view.  The servers working the catering of the party were wonderful and polite.It was a great experience.  I'd like to save some money to have a party of my own here, but I'm sure its very expensive. :)
5	After coming here for the last 3 1/2 years, I still consider the M Resort property as the hidden gem of Vegas. For me, the title used to belong to Green Valley Ranch about 9 years ago. Actually after staying here for a short weekend early 2010, I've never stayed anywhere else. Just fell in love with the M Resort. Although my crazy Vegas days are over now and a dream weekend for me would rather be best experienced in a yoga camp - Vegas is still a great place to relax and unwind. At the first glance, the M Resort just looks like an off-Strip resort property created for gaming with a gaming floor as big as that of Caesar's but with only less than 400 rooms. But I was completely mesmerized by everything the M Resort had from its spacious modern accommodations ( with amazing views of the Strip ) to its numerous dining options. Even the pool is top notch and pretty relaxing. Their Spa is even better than some of the more popular ones in the Strip. Actually their rooms are even more spacious than the mini-suites of the Rio and the Venetian. Which is good since I don't gamble. The M Resort is where Cantor Gaming introduced their Sports Book template which is probably the best in the world and is presently continuing to revolutionize Sports Gaming which can be experienced at the Tropicana, Hard Rock, and the Venetian among others. Actually the Sports Book looks like a Wall Street trading floor. Not surprising since its from Cantor. You know its one of those companies that managed to survive the recession without a bailout. I can watch anything there from soccer to the NFL. Plus, that high-tech mobile device is pretty convenient. Definitely one of the best Sports Book in Vegas. Another one which is one of the city's the best is the famous Studio B Buffet. Totally amazing food selection with free beer and wine. Total great value with good service as compared to the ones in the Strip. Besides the Buffet, I also like dining at the Vig Deli.Overall, the friendly service provided by the staff of the M Resort from the front desk up to the pool is excellent. They also have some of the most beautiful servers in the city - I guess the former beauty queen wife of the former owner played a big role in this one. I'm glad the new owners maintained their eye for beauty since its really part of the Vegas experience. Well, my wish for my favorite M Resort property in 2014 is continued growth in the US economy and critical mass.
5	Love the room herenice bathroom with tv in the bathroom and separate showerthe best part is I can eat the buffet and got straight up to the room to rest.too bad they took out he paigaw poker section on the casino floor and no longer have $5 paigaw poker table.
5	Very luxurious ambiance without the intimidation factor that come with the Cosmopolitan or Wynn casino's.Tons of newer slot machines, table games, and restaurants (see my review for the "Studio B" buffet). They recently changed their players club and earning comps seems to be very difficult. Prior to the change, I would play craps for a couple of hours and get a comped buffet for 2 people. Now everything is based on whatever the computer says you should earn for comps. Not sure if this will affect me coming back, but it's worth stopping by to check it out.
5	While this hotel is a bit south of the Strip, I was VERY impressed with everything I encountered at the facility.  Conference rooms, restaurant, and pool area are 1st class.  I look forward to going back in the near future.
4	Can't say enough about this resort.  My first time in the Vegas area and since I was on a budget, I needed something classy, affordable, and with no resort fees.  So, I found the M Resort after reading all positive reviews on other sites, and also received a recommendation on staying here from someone who lives in Vegas.  When we pulled up to the main entrance, I already liked what I saw.  They unloaded our car and put all our bags on the bell-hop, and immediately valeted our car.  The check in process was very smooth, the people at the desk were friendly and offered plenty of info.  The interior of this place was even more then I expected.  I was pretty impressed.  The resort is only about 5 yrs old, so you could still experience the newness of it.  Our room, which was just a "standard-non-view of the strip" room was huge, very new, and immaculate.  It had a small jacuzzi type of bath tub that was open with 3 glass walls, which you can see from the bedroom.  I though that was pretty unique. That evening, we were considering just checking in and driving right to the Vegas strip.  But since we drove from LA to Vegas, we were pretty tired, hungry, and also wanted to explore this beautiful hotel.The casino section of the resort was very nice, and not intimidating at all.  I don't gamble, however the tables weren't that busy, and the friendly and very helpful dealers here helped a Vegas newbie like myself play some 3 card poker.The resort has a very unique wine and tasting cellar room called the Hostile Grape.  They built wine dispensing pourers to allow you to taste any type of wine you want.  We ate at the Studio B  buffet that evening, which was voted the best in Vegas.  I rarely do buffet's, but we were in Vegas and I had to experience it while here.  The price included free beer and wine, and even cordials as part of our meal.  The food was pretty good I must say, it was higher end then your typical cheap buffet's.  So, with that said - If you need a place to stay, and if you're OK with it being off the strip, this is the place.  It has all the luxury of a 4-star resort, without all the riff-raffs and big shots.I would give it 5 stars, but since its a couple miles from the Vegas strip, 4 will do, and I'll throw in a 1/2 to.
5	we ate at his cute restaurant in the casino.  We felt so welcomed by the bar tender.  He was friendly and warm.  I felt like we were in this guys house!  He advised us that the restaurant was closing but they were negotiating a new location.  Yeah!  He made me an amazing cocktail. My hubby and I shared a burger.  And he gave us a complementary  biscuits with an apricot jam! SO GOOD!  I hope we see this guy again.  Such a cool guy!  Thank you for making our evening amazing!
5	This place is amazing! Me and my husband recently moved to Henderson, and the ladies in the office of our apartment complex recommended we check out their buffet. She did not steer us wrong. This buffet was everything I could of dreamed of. You walk in, and you are in buffet heaven. The staff was all super friendly. Beer and wine are included in the price, you must try their hard pear cider that they brew in house. I wasn't gonna drink this night, but after the waitress told me about it, I couldn't pass it up. It is super sweet, and pink in color, and goes down pretty easy! Good thing you have an unlimited amount of food to eat with it! All of the food I tried was delicious. This place is huge, and I didn't get to try over half of the food, so I really hope we go back soon. Dessert was probably the best part. Make sure you save room, a lot of room. It took me over 5 minutes standing up there, staring at all the delicious looking treats. Who can pick just one? Good thing you don't have too! This is a great choice for a great experience off of the main strip. I am recommending this place to all our friends!
5	This place is for the Grown and Sexy...away from all the strip madness with the newbies, youngins and people who don't know how to act sometimes.  I love this place because not only do you get High End quality from food to accomodations but the staff are so friendly, attentive and make way to make you feel completely comfortable.  The Casino is clean and not to crowded and the cigarette smoke is not aggressive at all.  Great ventilation system.  Its the kind of casino that you can kick back, drink, gamble and eat with out negotiating yourself around large crowds of people.  I'm a socal girl so Vegas is my second home and if you have been there done that in Vegas in your 20's and you're cruising through your 30's and beyond this spot is great for leaving the hustle and bustle of the strip behind after a day and night of debauchery.  The Hotel's contemporary accents and details of the room are beautiful and breathtaking and the beds sucks you into a puffy cloud of softness.  The restroom has a tv built into mirror and the bath tub and shower will have have you daydreaming as the water washes the day's sins away.  There is so much more to this resort that I have not even scratched the surface yet, two words.  Pool and Wine cellar.  But I don't wanna give all the secrets away.  I want you to be pleasantly surprised as I was the first time I stayed here.  Good luck and Have fun....Vegas is waiting...PS. The hotel quality is comparable to the Venetian and Wynn but with a more welcoming home away from home feel.PPS.  There is a shuttle to the strip that runs daily until 1:30am.
5	Fantastic hotel.  I have stayed there over 100 nights on business.  Service is top notch, not surprising as it's a Forbes rated hotel.  For a anniversary stay get a Flat Suite.
4	Very pleased with our stay at M Resort.  It was actually our last night as Nevada residents, the movers finished late and we didn't want to get on the highway at night, so we stayed at M.  We immediately noticed the fragrance upon entering, it was soothing, but not overwhelming.  We were greeted quickly by the employee at the front desk.  We had the mountain side room.  The window had a large range of view.  The room was large, as was the bathroom.  It was nicely appointed and the bed was comfortable.  However, we did have a couple of issues.  We needed an electrical outlet by the bed.  Not finding one, we called the front desk, who advised they'd have to send an engineer up.  Well, turns out the phone (on one side of the bed) and the clock (on the other) are plugged into an outlet that's covered up by a panel.  So, the engineer had to remove the mattress, then remove the panel with a screwdriver.  I know this is supposed to make the room look sleek due to the absence of wires, but this was a case that function should have won out over form.  Given that everyone has a cell phone now, I would imagine this is an issue that comes up a lot at the M.  It would seem to me a waste of time for an engineer to have to come up to someone's room just because that person wants to plug something in near the bed.  But, in the end, it worked, so I suppose it was only a minor inconvenience to wait for the engineer.A final complaint about the room concerns the bathroom.  There is a soaking tub which has a window at one end of the bathroom.  The window means that anytime someone is in the bathroom, light shines into the room.  This is a problem when one person in the room needs to use the restroom and the other is trying to sleep.  The light is hard to ignore.  The wife had a massage, which she enjoyed (25% off for locals).  The casino is sleek and modern, as is the restaurant row area.  I'd say other than the minor issues with the room, we had a fantastic stay.  You are kind of marooned this far south, but I certainly recommend a stay at the M Resort.
5	Loved the seafood buffet on Sunday. The food was always stocked and tasted amazing. So many choices. Nancy at the bar and Jeff at the carving station were wonderful. Will be coming back again!
4	It's a four-star resort, and but for a few minor issues, four stars is exactly what it deserves. We stayed here for two nights on the weekend.  First of all, the hotel is well off the strip in Henderson.  Anyone staying here knows this, and should not be rating it poorly due to location.  If you want to stay on the strip, stay on the strip.  The location is fine. The hotel is small but roomy and set up well.  The decor is nice and classy throughout; modern and elegant.  This applies to the rooms and the rest of the hotel as well.  The pool is beautiful, though I wasn't able to use it.  We went out to check out the jacuzzis in the evening, but the entire pool area was mysteriously closed.  I'm not sure what sort of hotel doesn't have jacuzzis available, but it was certainly surprising.  The rooms were very nice, if not perfect.  The TV was small, and the bed was uncomfortable, but otherwise everything was nice and elegant.  We had the desert view, and it was pretty nice from our twelfth-floor room.  The staff was courteous and friendly.  The experience was far from exceptional, but service was appropriate for the most part.  I let them know in advanced that I was staying for my anniversary, but they never did mention it: no upgrade, no special token, or even a "happy anniversary."  That was a bit disappointing.   The staff was also a bit disorganized.  We were not given the coupons that came with our package until later.  Other than this, however, the service was on par with expectation: friendly and attentive.  We ate at the Vig deli for lunch, which was not bad.  The chili cheese fries came with a terrible cheese sauce instead of shredded cheese, but otherwise everything was tasty.  Pasta at Marinelli's for dinner was delicious, and the service there was excellent.The buffet definitely deserves its own review, but I will just say that it was poor bordering on terrible.  I am not sure if quality has dropped recently, or other reviewers do not have taste buds, but the bulk of the food was not good at all. The seafood buffet had a wait of over an hour, and was very expensive at $80 for two.  Meats were dry and boring, side dishes were dull, and many of the desserts were bland and overly-sweet.  The only standout is unlimited "free" drinks, including beer, wine and coffee.  If you drink a lot, you could say it is worth it for this reason, but as far as the food goes, I'd say 3 on a scale of 10, perhaps one step up from something like Hometown Buffet.The casino was nice, well-sized and comfortable.  I was never offered a drink in all my slot play time, which I thought was very odd, but certainly not a big deal.  The slots here are really tight compared to other places I have played, but they had a nice selection and we had a good time playing.  We also had some drinks at the bar.  The service there was good, it was comfortable and the drinks were very tasty.All-in-all, we had a good time and I found most everything to be acceptable for the price.  I wasn't wowed by anything, and there was no excellence in either service or accommodation, but everything was just standard and expected.  I would probably go back if I had another good deal for a room.  If you are willing to take a step or two down from five-start service and accommodations, and you want a bit of a lower price, and you don't mind being 10 minutes from the strip, you should check out the M.  They also don't have resort fees, which can't be said for any of the nicer resorts on the strip. But take my advice: stay away from the horrible buffet.  There are much better buffets down on the strip (Ceasar's Palace and Bellagio come to mind).
5	One of our favorite places to say as the rooms are very nice and the table limits are reasonable, even on a Saturday night (you can still find $5 tables - craps, Ultimate Texas Hold 'em, Mississippi Mud - not sure about blackjack). Because it is so far from the rest of the casinos, it isn't usually that crowded, even when they have special events. The overall casino is very clean, they do have a nice selection of slots and video poker, also have a decent sized sports book. Poker players beware, they do not have a poker room. Closest one is at South Point Casino, which is about 3 miles away. Dealers, bartenders and cocktail waitresses are cordial, not overly friendly but not snobby or stand offish (if that's a word). Customers seem to be more locals than visitors, leading to friendly table chatter. If you're looking for big night life, trying to get lucky away from the tables, this is not the place for you. If you are a couple, happy with your significant other, this is a great place. More so for those over the boom boom clubs, looking for a decent place to gamble, get a good drink and relax and not worry about 20-somethings trying to prove something to anyone. A number of good restaurants, the buffet is good but is $40/each (it was better years ago), the other places are worth trying and there are enough that you won't have to eat at the same place more than once if you're spending the weekend. There's also a deli-type place close to the sports book. Very nice pool area and the spa also has it's own private pool area.  Sign up for a players card and use it whenever you play, they seem to send pretty good offers, sometimes including free rooms for the weekends. Try to get a room with a strip view and it is nice to see the strip from 7 or 8 miles away. Hope you have a good experience. Enjoy!
1	Horrible service. No taxis available- took over 20 minutes to get one. Overpriced food choices based on quality and quantity of food. Staff gave poor directions inside casino to where items were. Poor drink service.
2	We stayed in the flat suite on this weekend for my gf birthdayAs a Vegas local and a regular of this casino I am VERY disappointedThe room was nice but had that nickel and dime feel every where you turned. No fridge except for one you had to pay for. No internet unless you wanted to payPool was closedSheets were itchyRoom was bright.Room was loud and made noises in the night. I asked the front desk if they could do something really special for my gf birthday and I was unimpressed. Called a casino host and left a message....call left unreturnedI did get a free pack of playing cards and some soap.For the money I spent on top of a Suite comp I was VERY VERY unimpressed. I will keep this in mind when friends come into town. As a local I would say skip this place. Heck without Anthony's and the Studio B buffet I am sure this place would flounder
4	My gf and I stayed here because she was offered two free nights. The check-in went smooth, we requested a room near the elevator, no problem. Wow! The rooms here are nice! Tub with a view of the living room! TV IN the mirror! Comfortable beds. Babycakes bakery is awesome! Had a shake made with the gelato, mmmm! Chocolate glazed cronut is the bomb!The deli has some good food too. Buffet is very good. Only problem with this hotel they don't have a 24hr restaurant, only Babycakes is open and all they have are salads and sandwiches. Don't really blame them, being far from the strip not too many customers to warrant a 24hr restaurant but sucks for the guests. Maybe have late-night room service? Other than that this place is pretty good. Every employee we encountered was nice. We would recommend staying here but rent a car because it is far away from other casinos.
4	I will echo what most people have said:Pros-Nice decorQuiet Less trafficEasy parkingClose to freewayTV in bathroomGreat buffet!Cons-Ten minutes south of stripWindow between bedroom and bathroomToilet paper holder doesn't rollFridge is full of stuff to sellNo jacuzzis until late spring Mixed-Beautiful pools but not always openFree wifi but it is awful
2	We just checked in and considered checking right back out. The suite is beautiful and the staff have been very nice. But to have a Spa/Hotel with no access to the pool is ludicrous.They advertise the pool on their web page and it is pictured in their brochures. It is March 19th, 75+ degrees and no pool.  They said it was not under repair. Just "We do not open it until April". They really need to rethink why people come to a Spa/Hotel in sunny Las Vegas in March.
5	Ate at Jayde Fuzion tonight. Enjoyed the Oriental Rice, Tempura and Chow Mein. All were very flavorful. The chocolate banana dessert was amazing! Beautiful decor.Our wait person Rose was very personable and attentive.
3	My mother-in-law generously booked a mini vacation for all of us (husband, mother&father-in-law and our four children: 10, 7, 3 and 7 months) to stay at the M Resort over the kid's Spring Break. The weather wasn't very great; extremely windy as a matter of fact, so we didn't get much use of all the resort's amenities as we intended. After our recent stay and reading over the other reviews below, I'd have to agree and disagree on the already highlighted points. Pros:*Nice, modern, sleek decor *Very clean *Less crowded (off the strip)*Friendly staff*TV within the bathroom mirror*Spacious bedroom and bathroom*Cheap weekday rates*Complimentary deck of playing cardsCons:*Bed was too soft (for my liking)*Inner bedsheets were rough, as if they were    overly starched or something *Toilet paper rolls DIDNT roll (hate that!)*In-room dining wasn't very tasty*Toilets flushed extremely loud*Thin walls (enhanced being able to hear the neighboring toilets flush and probably shared the noise of my crying infant, sorry!)*Room was loud in the evening, like a loud whistling sound; not sure if it was the strong winds outside, but it sounded like it was coming from underneath the main entry door. Wish I would have paid more attention to the embossed toilet paper, that's kind of neat, to pay that much attention to detail. Overall, I'd stay at the M Resort again, if I'm looking to avoid the hustle and bustle of the infamous Las Vegas strip.
5	Just returned today after two nights in the hotel and I WILL BE BACK!!!This hotel is top notch! Loved being south of the strip. The hotel is clean, room was super nice, the beds were dreamy, everything in the room was excellent. The only con was that the toilet paper was hard to roll, not a big deal considering what a great value we got. The price to stay in the hotel cannot be beat. The casino was large, quiet and clean, the dealers were super nice and helpful, I did quite well at the black jack table.  When we checked in I was given a birthday upgrade to an executive suite, same as regular room, just  a little larger and was sent a plate of chocolate covered strawberries:)  thank you Kevin! My friend and I drove to the strip to see a show and walk around. We could not wait to get back to the M.  Hotel staff were very friendly, ALL OF THEM! we were greeted with a smile by everybody we came in contact with. We ordered room service breakfast that was very good and arrived quickly. We had dinner at Jayde Fusion, the hotels newest restaurant. It was sooooo good we couldn't believe the flavors, that's without MSG, we asked the waiter to make sure non got added to our meal. There is no regulation in Nevada regarding the use of it. There are so many great things to say about this hotel that I could go on and on.....  Thank you M Resort for making my birthday stay a memorable experience. See you next time!
5	Loved the hotel! It is a 15 min drive from the strip but It was beautiful, has great service, rooms are clean and classy. The view is amazing (I strongly recommend requesting the view of the strip). Everything was high tech and automated including the blackout blinds and curtains. There even is a TV in the bathroom mirror. Overall, high class hotel.
5	Amazing hotelModern without being coldView of strip or mountains in every roomStaff is beyond friendly and helpfulFood amazingIf u drive there not even five miles down the road is every restaurant, store, beauty place you can imagineShuttle is greatThe car service they provide is amazing too n much cheeper then a cab or airport serviceWe also got married there and every guest had unbelievable amazing things to say.Saw the complaints, it is hard to get toilet paper out but I just took it off the roll thing, and that the staff is too nice. I guess some people just need things to complain about. Would and hopefully will stay here again on our one year anv :)
3	I like M Resort.  It's big.  Very clean.  Lots of new machines.  Their wine bar, Hostile Grape, is impressive.  Some interesting restaurants.  The cocktail waitresses are some of the hottest in Vegas (which is why I stop by when leaving town).  The rooms seem decent (at least on their site).  Parking is a breeze, too.  I could see staying at M Resort if it weren't for one thing: it's off the strip... and I get a better rate at Aria (which is a nicer hotel... and in the middle of the strip).  I mean... If they had a super cheap rate, ok.  If the strip shut down due to the zombie apocalypse, ok.  If I had $10K to tip the cocktail waitresses just so I could stare them up and down all night (in a totally non-creepy way), ok.   I'm not sure why you'd stay here, though.  I guess if you want to be far from the madding crowd (something quieter, perhaps).   Still, Red Rock offers more bang for the buck.  Just seems like it's missing something.  I don't know.
5	Stopped by on my way out of Vegas and had a blast.  The blackjack tables were very generous and the buffet had good food with free wine and beer.  I will definitely stop by again on my next visit
1	Extremely disappointed in the M. After being positioned as one of the best locals pools and casinos, they are charging $20 to get in. With an empty pool and unhappy locals, this seems like a bad policy.
1	I wish i had posted this review earlier so the person i am talking about can be retrained on her basic manner and customer service.  Here's my review at the time i visit M resort last time...  "I am basing this rate on the bad experience I just had with a lady cleaning the bathroom who was directing another cleansing person in the bathroom close to buffet. I just went there to change my daughter's diaper and there was no changing table anywhere. So I was going to change on tables next to sinks after chasing down my 20 month old down the hall. This lady comes up to me and tells me "I can't have you change diaper there". I told her I can't find changing table. She says there is one around the corner. What she could have said was , "I'm sorry to tell you but there is a room with changing table around the corner"... Or something with more politeness. Instead, she had to tell me like she's my boss that I was doing something so wrong. She needs customer service lesson first before she can teach other person what to do!!! I was so upset that she ruined my morning!! I wish I got her name.  It happened August 22,2013 @ 11:35-40am. But buffet and other things are 5 stars to me. I just had to point this incident out" .
5	The M Casino is one of my fav hotels. The Buffet is yummie with lots of options. Prices are quite reasonable as well. Ive been here several times and I never get tired of it. The dessert section is just Ooo My. One of the best buffests that also serves beer and wine with lunch or dinner with no xtra charge :) The rooms are beautiful and the pool area is very comfy and awesome too ...
1	It used to be a really fun place it's really far off the strip but when it was first open it was great to come to, With lots of free stuff self-serve soda drinks coffee, But now it's all gone bye-bye ow it's always hard to find some help the get some small bills and just to much  bad attitude I hope things get better, Also all the good rating place's are not more.  I won't return.
1	I have been going to the M pool since you have opened. It is close to my house and it is always a good time with our friends. This year we will not be going as often or possibly at all with the new management and $20 per person charge just to get in. The M has never been outwardly friendly to locals and this is no different. If you were to offer a season pass per person or couples/family, I would be apt to going as get my moneys worth. I would even be willing to pay $100 for a season pass to use the pool and every time I go I am sure to spend money on drinks and food. $20 per person per visit is too much. You need to bring people into the casino to make money and we will not coming as often with pricing like this. Also when we were there on Sunday it seemed a bit over staffed. Granted the weather probably kept people away but the staff who were there were very inattentive to us (offered drink menu but never returned for an order) especially given the fact that the pool was not crowded at all. I really hope your staff actually read this and make changes to your pricing. For $20 a visit I can go to a lot of other places in town
4	The rooms at the M Resort Spa Casino are like suites.  The floor to ceiling windows give a great view of the open desert, and if you've got a strip view, you're in for a treat!  I'm not a fan of the hustle and bustle of the strip, so this is a perfect place for a more relaxing Vegas getaway. I'd give this place 5 stars, but they really need to work on the restaurant choices downstairs. I had a terrible dining experience at Jayde Fusion, and this past trip i learned that they discontinued their breakfast buffets (because people were taking advantage and staying through lunch).California resident rates are a huge plus, and a major factor of why I like staying here.  Definitely check it out!
2	My family and I have enjoyed the pool for the last few summers. The drink & bar selection is good and food isn't bad for the price. The price for locals used to be free for women, $10 for men and kids free. All of the sudden, this year the price went to $20 per person. I can handle the old pricing of $10 per visit but $40 per visit is a bit much for a pool when there are so many other options. We asked why the price had gone up so much and we were told that the new management is making changes and wants to limit to hotel guests. If M doesn't want local business, that's fine. We will be trying GVR pool next weekend, I have heard their pool & drink service is good.
1	If what you seek is an empty casino featuring none of the excitement and energy found on the strip, this is your place. Hotel is architecturally nice but service personnel are poorly trained and incompetent. Buffet is extremely mediocre. I can find no reason to revisit this Vegas bore. 20 minute drive from the strip is an extreme inconvenience.
5	I honestly love it here. I am a local and it is amazing having something like this so close to my home. We love coming to the pool. The atmosphere is always incredible and the pool is salt water which is a bonus. They do charge an entrance fee, but it is only $10 Monday-Friday so I cannot complain about that. I've been to pools  on the strip and their entrance fee is over $20 if they allow locals which is rare. I love the chairs. Each one is a standard thick cushion instead of that cheap plastic strapy chairs you find in some places. The food and beverage is relatively inexpensive. What they charge for a drink is super cheap and it's roughly about the price of bar drinks which shocked me because I thought it would be regular hotel priced drinks. I don't see why people are complaining about the price of admission because honestly for what you get it is worth it. When we have been going the manager Leo has been nothing but amazing. He fully understands what customer service is and we keep coming back just for him. He definitely is a good employee.
4	Great resort. Super clean modern. Never made it to the pool but enjoy the gambling and the many eating places here.  The dessert cafe was a great treat.
1	Amazing hotel. Worst management I've ever experienced.  Can't believe this place rates 4 stars from forbes. I guess anybody can pay for a rating if you have enough money. Just like Al Capones Better Business Bureau scam. Any business and pay the bbb for a good rating. Apparently forbes does the same. First off the hotel and rooms are beautiful. Pool was phenomenal up till this year. It's a cluster f***. Not one person in management can give a straight answer or even knows what is going on. Oblivious to the industry in Vegas. I tried it again and gave a few weeks to get their crap together. Well its no better. Apparently they are losing so much business that they stopped the stupid idea that they could charge 400 bucks for a cabana rental fee to just sit there and then have to buy food and beverage on top of that. Oh yea and charge 20+ bucks per person to get in. Even locals and industry people. Well now with all their complaints online and on yelp etc they went back to min food and beverage without cabana fee. A dumb girl who apparently never cocktailed before was so confused when my wife asked for a hot bloody mary. 30 minutes later another waitress came back to apologize that the girl was new and went to her confused thinking my wife wanted a bloody Mary heated up in the microwave. Spicy honey... not temperature hot. Omg. Anyway, next trip a manager screwed up the reservation and decided to get I to Toa yelling match with me and attacking us verbally. Stormed off and I am done. These poor girls who work their asses off and know more than the management and in most cases (minus this year's new staff,) i feel sorry for them. Well today was my last straw. I am a local and enjoy the M buffet. It's close to where i live but with the poor service i encountered today i drove across town to Redrock resort buffet. Apparently m is needing money badly because on today's memorial day (no other casino is doing this in town even on the strip,) but M is charging the same rate 30 dollars for lunch and dinner. Also there is no discount given to military members or former military veterans. But they up charge for the holiday today. How hard up for money are you and when asked politely if any discounts are given the staff and management say no very rudely and batt their eyes with a fake smile and ask if there is anything else they can do for us? Well yes there is... never will my money run thru your hands again.
4	This is truly a luxury hotel at an affordable price. The rooms are spacious, unique and stylish. This is a hotel youd expect to be on the strip. The buffet is beyond good and has a selection size you will never find anywhere else. This hotel is a true success!
5	I love the M Resort. I've never stayed here, but it's my favorite casino in Las Vegas because it's so damn beautiful. It doesn't get as horrifically crowded because it's off the beaten path (and I mean way off), and the ambiance/service/quality seems to surpass its competition on the strip. The customer service is very friendly (pool, bars, casino floor, etc.) and the casino is kept very clean. I enjoy their pool, as it's very large and they also offer a pool for 21+ if you prefer a bit more of a party. It's definitely worth it to stop by the M if you're passing through.
1	Charging locals for the pool usage, REALLY?!? So you don't want our F&B money?! Ok! Guess we will be going somewhere else...
2	When we (my wife and I) discovered -- a couple of years ago -- that the M Pool was locals-friendly, we made it a frequent weekend destination.  $10/person admission and a simple food/drink menu was a win-win for somebody without a pool in the backyard.  Then came 2014.Our first trek to the M this year revealed the doubling of the admission price.  Well, $20/person is not the end of the world.  That said, I had a sneaking suspicion that things would get worse...  They didn't during the Memorial Day weekend: the same $20 admission (no surcharge for the holiday), the same menu.  Fast-forward to June 1, 2014.  That's when I could really feel it.  By "it" I mean a massive scaling down of service.I like showing up early: get a good spot, secure an umbrella.  Our courteous and attentive (for the moment) server informed us that they stopped serving food -- unless you rented a daybed or a cabana.  So, I dragged my a** to the poolside "grille" to get what I used to get brought to me.  That actually is a cost saving for the patron: I no longer have to tip the server; she, likely, hated the change.  Then came the noon "crowd" -- a few daybeds filled up.  That's when I realized that there were only four servers on the massive pool deck.  The previously attentive server disappeared for more than an hour.  I get it: a tip on a daybed order beats anything that I would leave on my $30 beer order (remember -- she no longer brings food to me).  Well, after being ignored for an hour, we just picked up and left.  Settled the bill at the bar.I've lived in Vegas for almost 15 years and have grown to love the service culture -- and the fat tips that come with it.  For those that don't know, the standard U.S. tip of 15% grows to 20% in Vegas; frequently, tips here go into triple or quadruple digits (in both percentage and dollar terms). I told my wife to tip our server 10% today -- that should be no reflection of her work or attitude; that should simply be a signal for her to look for an employer that actually cares -- and abandon a sinking ship.
4	Rooms are nice, elegant. You should ask for a room facing the strip.  awesome view,Comfortable on the table games, not so crowded like the downtown and strip casinos.  Staff friendly, machines could be set looser.  Donated enough to get comp rooms....
3	Plenty of variety the on the buffet. Only a carver with a decent crowd though so had to wait for over cooked prime rib. the turkey breast was excellent and the had a decent roasted poblano also! Not as busy as the strip and a very nice area.
4	Stayed here for 4 nights this past weekend for our 40th anniversary.  Had a fabulous time.  The place is south of the main strip, but on the same street. If you want to go to a very nice casino, with upscale rooms, service, and very friendly staff, this is the place.  Suzy at the front desk is the best.  If you go, ask for Suzy when you check in, she is GREAT.Now for the constructive part.  They really don't have a "breakfast" place.  The serve a limited breakfast in the "Burgers and Beer" restaurant, and they have an amazing bakery place called "Baby Cakes".  The goodies there are very good, and the donuts and Danishes are outstanding, but not a "normal kinda" breakfast.  That said we made due in Baby Cakes, and except for the calories ( lots of them here) part we loved it.Overall it's a great place to stay and try your luck.  The staff is friendly, and always willing to help, they have a comfortable atmosphere, and the casino area is not so crowded as to make you want to leave.
3	Currently at M Resort. Checked in with my four kids, cousin visiting from Idaho and her teenage son on 6/16.  First of all, I was super excited about this place. Mostly very high reviews for stay and food on both Yelp and Tripadvisor. I care most about plush surroundings, value, and food. I chose M Resort based on a few key factors not in order of importance: 1.  Big plush hotel for my money cause I've got kids and we don't like the smell of smoke and I'm big on decor and comfort and my usual hotel Mandalay was $400+ this visit. First moment we walked in, we were hit with a wall of smoke. I would say almost as smoky as a Harrah's in Reno. My first thought was WTH? The ceiling is high, why is their such bad ventilation?? It was bothersome and continues to bother me. Rooms are perfectly smoke free smelling, though.  I think I would have left if they weren't.  Rooms are very nice. Beds are plush and firm. Bathrooms are big and spacious. Rooms were very clean. Kids loved the automatic shades on windows and bathtub window. They only had three towels in each bathroom so I had to ask for more. TV in bathroom is useless as you can't see it from the view of the tub. I got a good price with the CA discount. Super happy about that and the reservation lady told me wifi was included. Yay!! Saved me $15/day right there on top of 30% discount. Of course, when I got here and kids said they were receiving a notice of charges on their phones, wifi was NOT included. I called downstairs and man said nope, not included with CA residents discount. Ugh.  Not helpful or apologetic about it. Not happy about that at all. I even confirmed when I made reservations last month after lady told me that there were no resort fees (double yay!) by saying "so when I get there, there are no other fees I have to pay even for wifi access?"  She said it's all included in the room. Booooo!2.  Buffet was supposed to be awesome...it was $150 for my family of 7 (5 adults as I have 3 kids over 9, 1 six year old, and 1 free 4 year old) for dinner.  We were there at 4pm. Wait was like waiting for a ride at Disneyland. Loooong (1 hour). Don't go downstairs to Studio B Buffet when you're really hungry as we did. My kids were tired and starving by the time we got our table. But it made for a lot of food to be eaten. Buffet was just okay. I tried a lot of different things. Prime Rib was phenomenal. May be better than House of Prime Rib in SF. Yup I said it! Cream of Mushroom Soup was very good. Everything else was okay....pork ribs, stuffing, pasta salads, Cajun shrimp, fried shrimp, egg rolls, Mac n cheese, crab legs were mushy and tasteless, rest mentioned above was just okay. I'm a foodie and I don't like to waste food at all. But I felt like I needed to eat hella and get whatever just to get my money's worth and I never do that.  We will try the breakfast tomorrow and see how that goes.  3.  Pool for kids. I didn't want to stay on the strip since I have little kids with me this trip and Vegas pools are more oriented for drunk 20yr olds. I didn't want my kids bothering them and I didn't want them bothering my kids fun. M Resort looks to have a big beautiful pool and as it's away from the strip, it's more "family oriented". Pool was closed cause of winds. No problem. We'll try tomorrow (and cabanas are only $250!) Can't help the weather and I'd prefer they keep us safe so yay for M resort for that one. 4.  Customer Service...HERE IS where they EXCEL. Having worked in CS and being a hotel snob, I know and appreciate this service the most. Christy checked us in promptly and sweetly. Took all of 4 minutes. She was polite and personable.  Asked about my stay. Told them it was for my birthday, but I checkout that day. Within minutes of arriving to my room someone brings me up a red velvet cupcake with a birthday card from Christy. How friggin sweet!!Called Housekeeping for more towels and pillows. Erica was very nice and accommodating. Came quick and man delivering it was also polite. When we were at Studio B, our waiter was great with the kids, good at cleaning up the table, and great at refilling our drinks. Super nice even though they were obviously crazy busy (more from less servers than a lot of customers, but it was an early dinner so understandable).  I didn't get his name. Filipino guy working tables next to the Mediterranean food area. I felt less jaded by the quality of the food because of the customer service. Also, young prime rib carver guy was nice and gave me the precise cuts I asked for. Aside from the lack of concern from Front Desk when I called about wifi -which I assume was because he thought I was just trying to get out of paying for it- customer service here so far is stellar. Right now the stay is okay, not living up to what I expected. I'm placated a lot by the great staff. Hopefully tomorrow the pool will bring on the happy feelings! I'll update if needed. Thanks for reading!
5	This place is way off the strip but very nice. It is one of my favorite casinos. Stopped in for pit stop and was really blown away by this place. The dealers were really cool.
5	By far one of the best places to stay in Las Vegas.   If you are looking for a classy, beautiful, great service, perfect place and priced right. The M is the place!   The rooms are modern and very nicely decorated,  the spa us the best!  for $15 you get to use the spa and spend some relaxing time in the jacuzzi, steam room and sauna!  I love this place!
5	They have the best buffet in vegas. I've tried all the other buffets but nothing comes close to this buffet. Everytime I go to vegas I want to come eat here.
5	Stayed here with the family for the 2nd time and once again we are happy to say that everything was excellent- the room was clean, the staff is super friendly and helpful- and the hotel looks well maintained! 5 stars again from us! We will keep coming back :)
4	Great hotel, great service, friendly staff. Rooms are very nice and offer great views if you upgrade to the strip view! Nice alternative to the hustle and bustle of staying on the Las Vegas strip!
1	Rooms are great but Rachel who works at the front desk is extremely rude and unhelpful. She clearly has no experience or just doesn't care about good customer service. I am extremely disappointed and humiliated by the way she treated me upon check in.
1	Wow. Stayed here for a convention, I wish I would have booked at a hotel on the strip instead and rented a car. WORST MANAGED PLACE IN VEGAS. You have to show photo ID, literally, everywhere. The Wynn, Venetian, Bellagio, & Cosmo have all accommodated me in the past by simply saying my room number & last name. I don't know how many times I can say it, THIS PLACE IS AWFUL.Then at the pool (on a Monday, there were 25 people at the pool).. I ask the waitress for a menu, she comes back 20 minutes later and says "here's a menu, but the grill just closed" THEN WHY DID YOU BRING THE MENU?!?RUN. RUN AND DONT LOOK BACK!
1	This review is for their Race and Sportsbook only. I walked in wanting to place a bet. The game was going to start in a few minutes and they only had one lady taking wagers. She was busy with someone and I ask this bald guy with a beard sitting down (supervisor) if someone can help me and he says " oh well you will have to wait she is busy." The game started and I was not able to place my wager. Ladies and gentleman, this is why Vegas is not what it used to be. Poor customer service like this. I will never set foot in the M Resort again. Maybe I should thank that incompetent employee because he is going to save me a lot of money in the future. Go to the strip and place a wager at one of the other big sportsbooks or at the nearby South Point and stay away from this joke of a sportsbook in Henderson,NV. BYE BYE M!
5	This is my second time here. I prefer to avoid the strip. This is perfect if you want to get away and just chill. It is very quiet during the week.  The pool and spa are awesome. I'm a little disappointed they don't have the seafood restaurant anymore. Oh well...The Pasta Bar, Burgers and Brews and Anthony ' s Steakhouse are delicious. My favorite places to chill are the M Bar and Hostile (wine cellar) You won't be disappointed.  If you have a bad experience,  tell them! They will make it right for you. If you don't tell them, how will they know?
1	The M Resort reached out to me and offered me a complimentary buffet meal. I don't live near Henderson,NV Like I am going to drive all the way back from Southern California just for a buffet meal. Unbelievable.
1	Checking in was quick and front desk agent was professional and friendly.  It all went down hill after that.  My husband and I are locals.  We stayed here July 21st & 22nd for our anniversary.  We like doing staycations and check out different resorts that our town has to offer. Our experience at The M was one of the worst we have ever had. The property is gorgeous.  Very clean and contemporary.  The room was spacious and had a nice view of the pool and The Strip. However the walls are so thin we could hear full conversations next door. Our neighbor rolled in at 3am sounded like 2 couples sharing a room. They were so loud. Sounded like they were having a party at 3am-5am. We called security to complain.  They did nothing.  Security and phone operator was rude and sounded annoyed that we called. They try to nickle and dime you about everything because they don't charge a resort fee. You have to pay $15 per person to use the hotel gym per day. $15 per day for Internet.  TV was poor quality, it kept freezing. Toilette paper was so cheap and thin it rips each time you try to pull it. Can almost see through them. Overall staff and service was horrible.  Servers at Jayde Fusion using slang to address us. Huddling and talking about other co-workers right next to us. Service at the pool was the worst. We waited 20mins in our chairs no waitress came by. They are all hanging out in the shade by the bar. We decided to walk to bar to start a tab. Waitress stopped us to see what we wanted. so we gave her our order and credit card to start tab. We returned to our chairs. 10mins later she returned with our drinks but forget 2 things that I asked for. After getting our drinks a friend joined us. We waited another 20mins waitress has not been by. We decided to go to the bar to get her a drink. This was a Tuesday the pool was not busy. Waitresses were slow, lazy and was not friendly or personable at all. The bar staff was OK. In the afternoon we got hungry I went to the pool grill to order some snacks. I asked cashier if I could charge to my room she said I needed ID. I said Oh ok let me go to my chair and get it. I quickly returned with my ID and grill was closed. How rude. That was the final straw that made me hate this place. I will Never stay here again and I will make sure to tell everyone I know about this horrible experience.  Shitty service can not be forgiven. Sorry M Resort I was really hoping to have a nice enjoyable anniversary,  you failed at providing that.  Worst staycation ever!Pros: clean and contemporary resort and nice relaxing poolCons: shitty service, shitty service, shitty service, thin walls, cheap toilet paper, uncomfortable bed, extra charge for everything
1	Complete B.S. that the social media team private messaged me to try and resolve this issue. Offering a buffet meal is not resolving the issue. Leslie and her social media team did NOTHING! Their sports book employee is a RACIST and refused to help me place my wager. Horrible customer service. I will never set foot in the M resort again. Stay away and go to a property where they will treat you right.
4	Wow, this is so luxurious. The entire hotel smelled really good, and the room was exquisite, especially the tub with the view of the Strip. Service was impeccable from everyone I encountered. The cons: Pool and fitness center only open from 9a to 7p. As I was in a conference there was no way to make it during those times, and boy the pool would have felt good at night. I really wanted a few workouts as well but that time limitation just would not work. The burger place had some great food, all expensive of course. As everyone else mentioned it is quite far from the Strip, and you are at the mercy of their shuttle or a very expensive cab ride. Not sure if I'd stay again but it was a nice place for our conference.
3	Went to this lovely resort for the reggae Day Dream pool party, last night.  Wonderful ambiance.  1st round of drinks were great...2nd identical order was smaller cups, weaker drinks and $2 more...WTH?  Music was good; but, we came to listen to the 'advertised' reggae & little was played by the host DJ.  Pity... Consistency would have moved the star count, for sure.
1	Beware:  I am very disappointed with the M Resort.  Last month I received an offer in the mail for free rooms and entry into a slot tournament.  I called the number right away for special events and left a message.  I was called back promptly and my reservation was confirmed.  I was even offered tickets to a show, which I declined.  I hadn't received my email confirmation so I called last night to get my confirmation number.  Reservations had no record of my reservation.  I was transferred to a casino host and then to leave a message for special events.  I just received a call back from special events with an "  I am sorry, we booked you for the tournament but not for your free rooms."    What am I supposed to do with that?  When I call to make a reservation, I expect that it was done completely.  In the past I have only made once call for the tournaments, and I didn't have to book my own reservation.  They never told me to make my own room reservations or that I needed to call someone else.  They are now sold out.  We have plane tickets, show tickets, and no where to say.  Then she had the nerve to tell me, "You can still come for the slot tournament."   I will never stay will M Resort again.
4	We stayed at this resort. Only downside, if you consider it a downside, it's about 10miles from the strip. I enjoyed not having the noise of the strip but still being within driving distance.Rooms are spacious. Bathrooms are AWESOME!!! The resort has a casino which pays out well and 4-5 restaurants onsite. We are at 2, Jayde Fusion - ok and Burgers and Brews - pretty good. They offer a CA residents rate when you call in and the price couldn't be beat. Service at the front desk and from room service was great. Best place to stay off the strip.Oh yeah and the pool.....BEST IN VEGAS.
5	Beautiful and modern hotel. VERY clean and relaxing. Amazing, soft smell inside the entire hotel-Casino. The rooms are very nice, the pool is clean and gorgeous and the restaurants are very good. EXCELLENT food!
5	Kind of a long drive from the heart of town but the casino is nice and clean.  You won't smell like smoke when you leave.  Decent machines and dining options.  The spa is nice.  I am a local so I have never stayed in their rooms.  The lattes from Baby Cakes are super.   Great sports book too.
3	This casino actually does like it's locals unlike other local casinos. The bad:  the slot machine are brutally tight & the table dealers are very grumpy -- just avoid the casino all together. The middle:  The restaurants have evening hours.  Do not go the day spa thinking you can have a great sushi lunch afterwards... It doesn't open until 4 or 5 The good:  1.  as a local I spend a ton of time at this pool!  A small entrance fee ($10) is all you need.   Great bars (pool servers will pay attention to you if you have a cabana only) ... So we have tasty beverages at the bar.   Responsible prices & drinks are made perfect!  2.  The spa!!!!  Lovely arrangement and the spa staff are delightful and accommodating!!!  My co-workers and I plan days at a time for this hidden secret!! It sad other hotels do not follow there lead In allowing locals to attend their pools....
1	Was driving back from L.A.... I live in Las Vegas. Decided to check the M. Never been there. Stopped to play slots.  Waitress came over, poker face, not a word, not a smile. Ordered a drink. She brought the drink back, still mute and poker face, grabbed the dollar with 2 fingers as if the bill was dirty or perhaps she thought she's worth more... I looked at her so intensely that she finally said " oh... thank you...sorry..." with an irritating smirk... first turn off... but since there are 2 birthdays, 1 anniversary plus Christmas and NY eve coming, (my wife and I "staycation" 5 or 6 times a year - usually Aria or Wynn), I thought we could give M a try.... so I went to inquire about room rates... there again,  poker face, not a welcome word or a smile..... Hawaiian girl with the "we're so busy" attitude, no class and zero courtesy .... I swear,  I get much better service from a Walgreens cashier.... too bad, because the place is nice but, another beautiful wasted place, given to rude, no manner staff.... oh... and the slots stink..tighter than hell... locals: DON'T EVEN TRY THEM...and save yourself the drive...I'll stick to the Strip...
3	Beautiful facility, mostly pleasant staff.  Not the usual Las Vegas bad attitudes found here.  Check-in person Cynthia cordial and helpful. Outstanding spa with two superb masseuses, Andrea and Jill.  More convenient and user-friendly than nearby Green Valley casino's spa.Our room (with great north-facing "city view") was outstanding, with some minor flaws:(1) The sitting chairs and their ottomans should be facing the window, as that's how most guests are likely to sit. The chairs are heavy, so not easy to turn around.(2) The room has a nice work space, complete with easily-accessible electrical outlets. But the desk chair was a poor choice of furniture, as it is about as narrow as an airplane seat with uncomfortable, unnecessary arm rests.(3) A serious but easily fixable room-design defect is that there are no readily-accessible electrical outlets near the nightstands. This could easily be solved with lamps containing outlets in their bases.  When management replaces the lamps, I hope they make better choices.Eating choices are poor.  Surprisingly, this place does not have a 24-hour coffee shop.  At one time, it had a terrible local concessionaire, "Hash House a Go Go," which left -- its departure was a good thing, but it was not replaced by anything suitable.Some of the blackjack dealers are confused about what "cutting off half a deck" on double deck games means.  Some with poor English skills interpret it to mean "cut off a whole deck from the two decks."  The casino loses many hands per hour due to this inefficiency.  Proper training and supervision would solve the problem.Overall, a good place for a quick, pleasant stay.
2	The m is by far my favorite pool in Las Vegas and I'm extremely disappointed with them for taking away their locals discount. I used to spend half my summer at this pool, but with a $20 entry fee, id rather go to a free pool and spend that same amount of money on drinks...If you've got the money to spend the m is great but unless you're prepared to drop at least 100 in a day it's not worth your time. Have not had great experiences with the cocktail waitresses... Very inattentive to the 'younger crowd'. Overall atmosphere of the m is great, but due to the pool price jump I don't see spending much time there unless they bring back local discount :(
5	This is my home away from home... love the sports book and poker room... and the buffet.....  you gotta check the buffet
4	Great place to stay!  They advertise no resort fee but read the fine writing.  When we got here, we find out it doesn't include internet or the gym.Older people stay here so beware young people.  Great place again but if you want fun and excitement, stay on the strip and pay a little nore.
5	I've stayed at the MGM Grand and hated everything about it except the room itself. The M is the opposite of that. Posh without being pretentious, affordable, comfortable, friendly... everything that was missing from the Strip was found here. The rooms are wonderful, the bathrooms are incredible, and the views are amazing. Soaking in the tub while watching the Vegas lights at night is one of the most relaxing baths I've ever had.I'd read previous complaints about the service and was nervous, but apparently management has read them too. Everyone went above and beyond to make sure we were happy.The only thing I could find to complain about is the abbreviated pool hours, but that happens everywhere in Vegas. They want you in the casino, not relaxing by the pool. I'm not a gambler, so I can't really comment about the gambling. I spent $20 on slot machines and it disappeared quickly. *Shrug*Additional hint: If you get a chance, be sure to visit the Lion Habitat Ranch just around the corner. It's going to be a regular stop for us from now on.
4	Exceptional service on every level.  I was there for a business meeting and I enjoyed the fact that the hotel is not on the strip.  It is not a party hotel but you are close enough to the strip to be able to get there in about 15 minutes.  I was truly awed by the service and attention to detail.  It will be the only place I stay when in Vegas.
5	Free buffet with your players card . Worth 80 $ for 2 people. Love it.  :)rooms here are so beautiful and big .  got an offer for 2 free night , 2 free buffet and 25 $ free play .love it here .
5	Went to wedding at the M and stayed for 2 nights.  We really had a great stay.  We were on the 10th floor with a beautiful view of the strip. Bed was very comfortable with great bathroom amenities. Eucalyptus and tangerine scented soaps and lotions. Yum!  Staff could not have been more pleasant or helpful.   We normally stay with family when we're in town but this was a fun change. Casino seems more airy and brighter than some of the other casinos we've been to.   Bar was great and prices seemed lower than strip prices. Wedding itself was also outstanding. Reception was at Lux with a gorgeous view. Food was decent,  especially the heirloom tomato salad. Nice space for a party, and everyone had a great time.
1	We own a home in Las Vegas and my girlfriend & I went to the M Casino on November 2nd around 9pm to see what it looked like inside and what the room rates were in case we have friends visit us. We had shirts on from our home state and apparently the rude front desk girls thought we were hicks when we asked about room rates and a group discount. They didn't even want to help us as they said we'd have to call the 800 # or look online. In fact, one of the girls wanted to change the subject and rudely announced loudly "I'll help the next person", to which I turned around to see no one behind us! I looked back at her to see her with a smirk on her face & she tried to hand me a brochure. Clearly they didn't even want to help us, thinking we or our friends don't have money. Well, M, we won't bother you again with our business. I hope this is seen by thousands as I recommend skipping past this desert hole & stay and play elsewhere where they practice customer service.  I rate them a ZERO!
5	My girlfriend and I recently stayed at the M (Nov 1-3) which was our 2nd time as guests, we stayed back in the fall of 2012. Our first experience was a little less than memorable but we were taken care of which made our visit very enjoyable. Getting back to this most recent trip, when we arrived I wasn't too thrilled with valet as I wasn't greeted until I opened my own door, was asked if I was checking in and of so, I needed to park my car along the side so as to not block anyone.. Not exactly a warm welcoming.The person who greeted us at the counter Diana was awesome, great personality and very welcoming. When we checked into our room, it smelled like mildew, so the mop that must've been used may not have been a clean one. Either way we asked for a new room, were given one and were brought keys to a different room, I would've liked to have been offered assistance with our bags to our new room but that didn't happen. Our new room was better, had a little challenge with the guest in the room above us both nights as they sounded like they were playing naked twister or there was a UFC fight going on, either way lots of noise which stopped after security was called. I did have another issue that I discovered when I got home but I don't feel it's necessary to include that on this post. So you're probably thinking, "it sounds like this wasn't a great experience at all" and when we left we felt the same way. I did respond to an email that asked for feedback and after a few attempts, received a response from Jason D in management. Jason has gone above and beyond to ensure that we will not only be back as guests but that out next experience will be memorable. The problem that most hotels, restaurants etc have when a customer doesn't have a good experience is, they usually give a garbage explanation, maybe an apology and that's it. But when you make the effort to address the concern and make your customers feel as if their feelings and business matters, that's when you win people over or even win them back. That's exactly what Jason did.We love the M, and we know that no business is perfect but the most important aspect is always the level of service you provide and that was definitely worth 5 stars here. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking to enjoy Vegas at a top tier hotel without the drama of the strip and the nightclubs.
4	My fiance and I had a great experience at M Resort last weekend. We stayed in a deluxe room with a strip view for three nights. We had a room at the end of the hallway which was nice on the sixth floor. The room was very clean and I was impressed right from the start. The bath tub with the window was amazing. The room felt very luxurious for the price. The bed was soft but very comfortable. The pillows were too soft for my taste but overall still comfortable.The front desk agents were all very nice and were able to give us a later check out free of charge. The only downfall that I would say was the marquee rewards host that signed us up. He did not explain any of the benefits of the card and seemed annoyed to be at work. The resort has 4 restaurants and a large buffet. We did not try the buffet and we are sad we missed it. We looked at all of the offerings on the last day but didn't go for it, we should have.This resort is about a 15 minute drive on the I-15 to the strip so be prepared for that. It was not bad at all in my opinion. I enjoyed being away from the strip at night, it kept our stay very quiet. We were able to enjoy the strip and still come back to the room to relax.I would recommend this hotel if you have the ability to drive back and forth to the strip. If you are trying to get close to the strip this is not the resort for you. I had a great experience here and I would definitely come back.
4	One of the best spa deals for locals! Day pass is $25 weekdays and $35 weekends. On top of that, you get a 25% local discount. If you purchase a service, of course the day pass charge is waived. I loved my massage therapist, whom I can't remember the name of. Prefer here over Red Rock.
4	I am always weary of trying out new hotels in Las Vegas. I have my favorites and typically stay there, these include Encore, MGM Grand, and Southpoint (in that order). However, on a recent trip I had been scouting prices and I also wanted to try something new, something nice but away from the strip to have a little bit more of a quiet type of getaway; enter M Resort Spa and Casino. I am going to give M Resort an overall 4 star rating however in the interest of transparency there was a horrible 1 star event that I will highlight on its own.First off for the pros: Check in was speedy and the staff at the check in desk, Diana was a very sweet. We were extremely put out that our King bed request was not honored and furthermore that Diana could not put us in a non connecting room (uh oh I thought, here I was going out on a limb and already I am disappointed). My initial disappointment ended when we got to our room. The room was lovely, spotless, and aesthically pleasing. The bathroom was absolutely gorgeous and on point with the bathrooms at my other favorite hotel, Encore. They have a deep soaking bath and shower that could fit about four people in it. We both loved the fact that the bathtub had a window to the room with an electronic shade that could be clicked up or down (had some fun with that one). I appreciated the little touch of the welcome card and free chap stick that awaited us. I never typically use the hotel toiletries but took both the lotions home with me for car lotions (ladies we all know we have them) as they had a lovely eucalyptus smell. Throughout our stay at the hotel we visited several lounges and restaurants and I would like to highlight that we were more than pleased with the service we received, my personal favorite being Jason at the 32 bar. Note to craft beer drinkers: They have tons of  beers on draft and two for one specials from 10 am to 10 pm! Also, if you are playing you are comped, so seriously sit down and have some fun.Our only complaints for this hotel are the following:As many have said the coffee price is RIDICULOUS... $4.00 for a coffee? Shame on you M resort, I can see $1.95 even $2.50 but $4.00 is just ridiculous.The second complaint is for the horrible service we received during breakfast at  the Burgers and Brews location. Our server Radjupar was terrible. Took over five minutes to greet us, never refilled our $4.00 coffee. Our food came out lukewarm and he forgot our extra plate which he might have caught if he had EVER checked up on us. He only did so after we had already completed our lackluster meal and he saw my face glaring at him. Somehow he was able to fawn over the large party that was sitting RIGHT next to us and refill their coffee and be all smiles for them but I guess because we were splitting a meal and were under the age of 55, we didn't seem to matter. I would have walked out of the restaurant if we had been anywhere else.
4	First the bad: it is inconceivable to me that at 7:00pm one cannot make a room service order that includes French fries. I am ok overpaying for a prime rib and asparagus for the convenience of having it delivered to my room. But the inability to add such a basic and common side is surprising. Room service is about convenience and such a rigid selection is highly inconvenient. The hotel is far away from anything. (Perhaps also a plus). The shower head could be better. There are stains on both chairs in the room that look like a male bodily liquid; the word for which I likely cannot use on Yelp. I am reserving judgement as I don't want to judge an entire property on one housekeepers performance. The good: the bed is comfortable, the room is excellent and the property itself is fantastic! The bathroom is spacious with dual vanities and an integrated TV in the mirror. The shower is well sized and has an adequate seating area for the ladies to comfortably shave their legs. The room is modern and tastefully decorated with plenty of storage. Lighting is plentiful and several options exist for lighting the room the appropriate shade. The pool area is spacious with nice layout of the cabanas and bar. The casino floor has plenty of options for action and great bars. The beer bar has a truly amazing selection of beer: the absolute best I have seen at any resort in Vegas. Several options for meals exists, each are not disappointing; appropriate in quality and price for the venue. I will return.
5	This review is for Revello Lounge which is where we went to hangout for a while and get a groove on.  DJ Sandman is AWESOME.  His blend of music and videos will get any dance floor moving.He is an asset to this place and the drinks, the card on the table said 2 drink minimum, the cost of two drinks is cheaper then one drink in most places.Great music, awesome videos and reasonable drinks, were we still in Vegas???For a Friday night it was not really crowded when we first arrived but by 10:30 a small crowd came in.  The dance floor is not huge but it was not that crowded where it made getting your groove on a challenge.  There was plenty of room and the crowd there last night was fun and everyone kind of gelled together as one big group on the dance floor.With all that being said, it was because of the atmosphere DJ Sandman created with his AWESOME mix of music and videos.  I am a FAN of DJ Sandman and I will be back over there.
4	Great way to do a toned down version of vegas. Will still only 20 mins away from all the Action. The only downfall is that all their food here SUCKs. The hotel is beautiful. Comfortable. Very high end modern. The service is friendly and professional. Everyone here is nice!  I mean everyone. Huge bonus that we are actually doing ok with the gambling. All in all I enjoyed our friends wedding weekend here. And I would come here with the family for a relaxing vegas trip. But even then I would still want to stay on the strip.
5	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #19:my #1 favorite off-Strip casino; even though it's 5 years old now, it looks & feels almost brand new; upscale in a modern way; the outdoor pool & terrace areas are very impressive, and it all looks futuristic at night; you must check out the "hidden" basement-level wine bar, Hostile Grape, where you can do your own wine tasting after buying a wine card; on the main level, Anthony's Steakhouse & the open concept Burgers & Brews are both excellent (the hubby claims their IPA Burger may be the best in Vegas); the gaming areas are very nice, and many of the waitresses are quite busty/curvy, if you like that sort of thing (and who doesn't?); really classy hotel check-in area too; best craft beer bet = while Burgers & Brews has a worthy bottle selection, the 32 Degree Draft Bar is even more impressive, and has ridiculous specials like 2-for-1 beers before 10PM on Saturdays!
4	Yes it's 15+ minutes from the strip, but This place is so cool & classy and very beautiful.The wife says never again as it too far away from the actionBut if you want first class resort for way cheaper pricesCome hereBreakfast  buffet not so good lunch is awesome
5	I stayed at this hotel over the past weekend and it was a great treat and I was overly impressed with the resort. Although he resort is not on the strip, it is equipped with a full casino, sports book, and spa with a star buffet.  The rooms impressed me as they are very modern and clean. The bathroom has a TV and is huge. The room rates are affordable and right now all California residents have a 30% discount such a steal. The buffet is also an amazing addition and the seafood selection is solid. Did I mention that it is all you can drink too?? If you want to stay at a hotel off e strip that has nice modern rooms, please come here.
5	We attended a wedding rehearsal and wedding here and it was great.  The resort itself is clean and beautiful and the staff is excellent, including their amazing wedding planning team that made everything happen smoothly for my dear friend.There are many choices for food, including a buffet and coffee shop so you could easily stay here all weekend and not need to leave and eat amazing food.  We ate at the Burger and Brews, the Studio B Buffet, and the coffee shop and all were excellent.  The food at the wedding was some of the best I had in Vegas!  Seafood Chowder, Salmon, Filets, salads, Mascarpone Polenta....so good.  The wedding went off without andy problems.  Even when we were getting ready whether it was trying to get things down for the wedding, wanting champagne while we did our hair in our room, you name it....they made it happen and made us feel like they were happy to do it.  I can see coming here again and staying if we made it back here - you really could just avoid the strip all together and have a lovely time!   There is a casino also on the main floor.
2	The property itself is nicer than any other local's casino that I am aware of. It's very large, modern and well laid-out. In my opinion, the buffet is above average, but not as good (although the prices are comparable) as the buffets found at the upscale casinos on the strip (i.e. Wynn, Cosmopolitan, Caesar's, etc.). There are plenty of popular machines. I also appreciate the fact that the M is so close to where I live and that there is almost always plenty of choice parking spots available. What continues to turn me off about the M is the service on the casino floor. Sometimes the service is absolutely exceptional, while at other times it's mediocre, and on some occasions it's terrible. It reminds me of that that line from Forrest Gump: "it's like a box of chocolates, you never know what you are going to get". For example, last Friday night I ordered a drink from a very friendly cocktail waitress. 20 minutes later, still no drink. A different (also very nice) cocktail waitress comes by and I order the same drink. This time it arrives (with a smile) in less than 5 minutes. This has happened multiple times before, and when I have complained about it in the past, it has been carefully explained to me that it is merely the unavoidable result of a "shift change".  Yet, the solution seems to be simple enough. Why not institute a 15 minute shift overlap, if a waitress has accepted drink orders, then she needs to fulfill those orders prior to leaving (or ensure that her replacement fulfills the order), just as they would do in a restaurant.  Why needlessly annoy good customers? While on the subject, some of the change makers (AKA Floor Men?) have some rather salty attitudes. Last month, I was attempting to explain a situation to a floor man, and while I was speaking to him he was making a rolling gesture with his right hand and said "so what do you need?" Frankly, I have never encountered this sort of occasional bad attitude and hit and miss service on the strip. Years ago I would frequently visit the M, but it was ultimately this sort of inconsistency that prompted my switch to the strip. In the spirit of optimism, about once a year I give the M another try. This time it lasted a couple of months before it was back to the same old song and dance.  I give up!
5	Hotel and casino were exceptionally clean. The room and views were great as well. Rooms were set up well to account for the views. The cost for the stay was very reasonable.
5	This place is top notch. My wife and I have been here years ago but forgot how nice it really was. Although we stayed on the strip we had a great time visiting this casino. After awhile the strip is just to much. The m resort was such a nice get away. Quiet, nice staff decent food and modern. It's just plain more relaxing than the strip. The staff was great. We Ate at their burger restaurant which actually had decent prices. Of course this is more of a locals spot but when u been to Vegas more than a few times you find yourself going to the local casinos because you remember you suppose to be on a vacation. Now if you must stay on the strip try the Aria. They are like a large M Resort. Plus their security have calmed down some. When they first opened me and wife were visiting and they followed us around. Who follows a married couple around. They were just really hyper sensitive. This time around we did not have that experience. Anyways M Resort is the way to go.
2	It's been awhile and we thought we would try the Buffet for Christmas. The cook to order section made the whole dining area smell because the cook dropped cheese on the burner. Didn't seem concerned about the smell. The Bacchanal @ Caesars has it beat in so many ways. Presentation, taste & food choices.  I would say the M is on the same level as Green Valley Ranch. Not quite worth the $.
4	AYCE sushi at Jayde Fusion  $25I think cant be beat.  includes a carafe of sake per person.They were out of uni and fluke when we were there. Jayde Fusion is farthest away from the parking garage when u come in.   Far away from the big buffet area.Only 11 spots at the sushi bar.   Opens at 5pm.   Most ppl will finish in about 1.5 hours.So instead of waiting before 5pm, u might come later at 6:30-7pm and wait list at the bar.   5-10pm.Go easy on the salad type appetizers.   Spring rolls, fried calamari kind of below par.Big difference if ur ordering wraps vs. rolls.   Rolls are like 12" long rice things.  Wraps are seaweed cone things:  u get two.   Be careful filling up on rice.
5	If you want a nice break from the strip, then definitely stay here! All their rooms are so nice and spacious! It's really quite compare to the strip, which is super nice and just what I needed. I stayed over the summer and their pool is amazing! There's little cabana beds in the water, which is nice to sun bathe. I went gambling downstairs and brought my bottle of wine with me, no one said anything for the longest time, so I thought it was fine. When I was down to my last quarter of the bottle a lady comes up and says "miss, you're not allowed to be drinking from a bottle" I laughed out of awkwardness and didn't know what to do. Did she expect me to throw it away? So I kindly said okay I'll go back to the room, but she nicely said just go to the bar and ask for a glass. And that is what I did. So just letting you all know...drinking from the bottle is a no no.My favorite part of this hotel would be the wine tasting place. Definitely order the cheese plate!They used to have hash house, but I don't believe it's there anymore, which I find disappointing because it was so good! You'll have to head to the strip for that. The M buffet is also one of my favorites! I love their breakfast buffet.
5	Absolutely love this hotel. Ultra modern (spacious) design very good restaurants and buffets. They give u $5 credits for every day u don't get room service thought that was cool. No real down fall staying there. They treat the members well giving them complimentary Internet and comps for dinner. Great customer service. If I had to nit-pick  I'd say wish it was on the strip but that's a blessing as well
5	This place was awesome. Nice location close enough to the strip but far enough away at the same time.
4	Very nice hotel - check in was easy and the hotel itself is relatively new.  My room is very nice with a view of las Vegas - it is a long distance view because this hotel is so far away from the strip it seems you are in California almost.  I went to the all you can eat sushi bar which came with sake for $25.00 and it was excellent.
5	Let me start by saying my BF and I were a little disappointed because no one warned us how much food there would be otherwise, we would've gone  with much bigger appetites!!!The Sunday buffet at M Casino was exceptional. It's a little pricey at $39.99 but well worth it. There were so many options I can't even begin to name them all here but a few highlights in addition to unlimited beer and wine: peel & eat shrimp, steamed and cold crab legs (already sliced open so no struggling to get the meat out), oysters on the half shell, prime rib and roast turkey carving stations, several Thai selections, sides, sushi, salads, deserts, espresso; the options seemed endless. In addition to the massive and very tasty food selections; the setup of the buffet is very good as well and made for an easy time getting to things you wanted. There are also booths as well as tables for your dining pleasure. I highly recommend this brunch in your in the area but be sure to check ahead because I believe it's only served Friday-Sunday.
5	Stayed during the New Years holiday season for a two night stay at their resort room. Upon arrival the valet and check in staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. Luggage was brought up to our room very quickly. Their regular resort room was very spacious and clean with a nice view of the strip. The decor was very similar the Mandalay bay's former THEHOTEL style which I liked very much. Bathrooms were huge with a big tub, shower which you can sit in, and a 13 inch tv in the mirror. While walking around the property we ate at the 32 brew bar and loved their affordable prices for drinks and very tasty food. Bar staff was also very friendly. Big plus about this hotel is they don't have a resort fee and if you are a CA resident you get a 30% off your room rate. It's about 15 minutes away from the strip but it's a nice change since you don't have to deal with crowds and felt you got really one on one personal hospitality service. They really want you to have a nice vacation. Definitely will be making this my hotel from now on as long as they are in business.
