3	We too rented the cellar last week - and what a great dimly-lit little nook that is with the Southwestern fireplace, wine collection and all.  Food was great, and service was OK (The server snapped at me when I questioned about the side salad.  It wasn't clear on the menu whether it came before the entree or with it.)  Anyhow, the Santa Fe chicken was smothered in sauteed mushrooms.  The chicken was a bit too charred but still good nonetheless.  I will go back in the future, but not in a huge hurry.  I've heard of too many good Southwestern places in Phoenix to be in a big rush.
5	love it love it love it!  green chili stew.  yum. i'm not saying anything else because this is my place and no new people are allowed.
2	the place has gone downhill
5	Oh how I miss Dick's(hehe that's right I said it). Seriously, we no longer live in PHX but Dick's is a must visit each trip back. There were weekends we would eat there Fri. dinner, Saturday lunch, and Sunday breakfast. Yes that's a little much but this place is that good. Is the sirloin burrito still off the menu? Order it, they still make it. Anything you order will be excellent. Best burger in Phoenix. They cook over an open flame wood fired grill. Salads are top notch. Fish plates are always the best. All with a New Mexican(state not country) style. Great bar. Fantastic wine cellar dining room if you get the pleasure of eating in there, as some nights that's where they seat you. I love this place. My favorite restaurant in the country.
4	Dick's gets plenty of praise, so I don't have much to add that hasn't already been said below. But I wanted to mention that their pizza is surprisingly good.  My last two visits I've had the #3 pizza (mexican sausage, onions, mozzarella) and it's been great.My last time there, we actually tried to get a booth at Richardson's--it was full, but the hostess was nice enough to call over to Dick's and get us in at their last free table.
4	What an incredible little hidden gem!  I have lived here for 10 years and been to Richardson's a number of times, but I never even knew that Dick's Hideaway was around the corner hidden away behind those beautiful bougainvillea's.  The dcor was warm and woody with a very nice rustic feel.   This little place has the all the charm of the guys working inside.  As cozy as it was, I immediately felt like I just walked into that place 'where everybody knows your name'.  My friend's and I met for breakfast.  High top wooden rustic table or belly up to the bar?  Very comfortable, either way.  I was expecting the typical two egg breakfast, but to my delightful surprise, they have their own spin on breakfast.  Not sure if any of you had been to Richardson's (same owner AND same owner as Rokerij), but I swear they have the best red sauce on the planet.  I had 2 eggs, over medium, next to some rancho beans topped with a little bit of cheese, and some breakfast potatoes, ALL on top of a fresh flour tortilla.  The best part?  My eggs and beans were topped with their famous red sauce.  OH YEAH.  We were in heaven.  I think we have been there once a week ever since.  Highly recommended!  A +++
5	No sign on the door--little bitty tiny eating space--the bar takes up half the teensy space--food is to die for. Yep, we're at Dick's Hideaway!!! We've eaten here several times but have yet to have a bad meal. Everything is fabulous, it's close to home and it's kind of like our little secret. In fact, I'm kind of scared to write this review because I'm afraid that everybody and his/her dog is gonna want to come here and then I'll NEVER get a table! [not that we've ever gotten one of the three tables, we've always settled for the eat-on bar.]It's run by the same nice folks who own Richardson's around the corner, so you know you'll always get a great meal. And if your party runs more than three, you can always reserve the party room next door--it's actually the wine room with a big copper-topped table and lots and lots of ambience.Let's just put it this way--it's way different than anything else in town, and that's a good thing.
5	Love it!The food is VERY spicy though.  Luckily, I have burned off all of my taste buds so far from all my mexican food endeavors, however, the wussies out there should take note :)Just realize that this place is VERY small and can get VERY crowded.I was there once and George W Bush came in to eat there.  Evidently he loves the food.
5	Oh my Hidden away friend Dick's... You have halted my visitations to Richardson's and kept my mouth and gullet happy with your outstanding foodstuffs and tasty maragritas.It's hard to explain the menu. A marriage of southern mexican, seafood, pizzas and quality.The place is small, nay, cozy. with great music always playing.and if you need a private party, the back room is a great bet.I'd like to say I wish Dick's would stay hidden, because it is a gem, but it's too great not to share.
4	I really dig this place.  Though I've only been here once, it has a cozy atmosphere, dim lighting, and good music.  The bartenders were attentive & what's more .... they have CHIMAY on tap!  I haven't tried the food yet, so can't comment on that.  Bonus points for being close to where I live.  I think I will be making return trips to this neat little hideaway.
4	This place is yummy. The service might not always be, but the food is. They have a sexy bar and great intimate decor and a South West feel that isn't done with terra cotta colored paint and teal cacti pictures. I love the Jelapeno Benedict and they have AMAZING margaritas. And they serve brunch till super late.
5	Before arriving in Phoenix, I did some quick research for an easy satisfying meal when I got there. I found Dick's on Yelp, and hastily made a quick decision to have my fellow out of townees join me for dinner when they picked me up at the airport.  Unsure of what we were in for, I kept my fingers crossed as we pulled up to the strip mall keeping our eyes peeled for this hidden treasure.  We just about gave up after circling the strip a few times... until we found the door marked 6008.  Thank goodness we found it!We luckily got a table right away just as another party was leaving.  One of the guys reassured us of our choice.  He told us we'd love it, and that he comes here everytime he's in town.The staff was super friendly, super helpful and super nice--always making sure we had everything we needed and that our margaritas were full.  YOU MUST GET THE MARGARITA!  One of the best I've had, probably because of the fresh squeezed lime juice that you can really taste.The chips and salsa + guacamole is a must.  So fresh.  I could have eaten just this and would have been satisfied.  The recommended skewers appetizer was just as tasty as the bartender said it would be.  Between the three of us, we could have had just these two items and would have been fine, but we each ordered an enchilada entree that definitely put us over the top.  I got both the red and green sauce, but I would recommend just the green.If we had more time on our trip, we would have come back for a second visit.  We'll definitely be back on our next trip!
5	When I first looked at the menu, my mouth watered, my eyes began to widen...they had Hoegaarden on tap! My fav beer from my days living in Belgium, I just had to have one. Of course, the person I was with promptly ordered three shots of patron, one for each of us and our waitress. You can always spot a kickass place if the wait staff will take a shot with you. Well, we got em and shot em. She did too. Already, this place was up there on my list.I had the mushroom tamale dinner and it was so good. The rice and beans are perfect, not over cooked like some are. The food was screaming hot when it was dropped which was a good sign it was right off the grill. The open kitchen area made you feel like a part of the restaurant, like you were there cooking right along beside the chefs. The bar has a ton to select from and the cooks are happy to chat with you and hang with you while they're making whatever delicious delight you ordered. Great experience, great company, great food.
5	The only complaint?  Too small!  Which, of course, adds to the ambience.  Carne Adovado is to die for!  Never had a bad meal there.  Food can be pretty spicy (an additional star for that! :-)
4	Anchor Steam on tap! My bf's taken me here for drinks a couple of times lately after we discovered it was right around the corner from Richardson's. It's cozy and friendly, and I noticed that both times after 9pm, it clears out. Our bartender says they stay open until 2, so maybe it picks up again later. I would like to try their brunch since breakfast is my favorite meal.
4	Hidden away it is!  I forgot where it was located (some friends drove me here and I was not paying attention as to how we arrived).The interior is funky, dark, and small (cool copper counter tops) but that just adds to the character.  I ordered pork enchiladas(?) and shared the sauteed garlic dish (i think that's what it was)?  It was very yummy and left me wanting more.  The only downfall was that the garlic must have gotten into my pores b/c I felt like I smelled of garlic for days!  It was well worth it though and a spot you should certainly check out.
5	I loved the description of this place from fellow yelpers so my wife and I decided to give it a try on a recent trip into Phoenix for a long weekend and a spring training game.  We got in late (10ish) and were quite famished having eaten nothing but SWA peanuts for dinner thus far. Thanks much to the reviewer who mentioned there was no sign and to just look for the address above the door. I don't think I would have found it otherwise.  We sat at the bar and were greeted by a very nice bartender who promptly made us a couple of proper and tasty margaritas with fresh squeezed limejuice.  We asked him what he would his favorite app was and he recommended the seared scallops with four sauces. I don't think it was even on the menu.  They were very fresh and grilled perfectly and the accompanying sauces were SW influenced but nicely paired for the Smokey scallops.  We watched the chef deftly grill everything from chicken and steak to Mahi Mahi over a wicked hot pecan wood fire.  He was a true grill master. We had a couple of anchor steams with rest of dinner and were quite happy with the $65 bill. A great deal at an out of the way little bar with killer food.  Definitely Yelpy!
2	Walking into the joint, I thought I was going to love it. The small space (3-4 tables and 7-8 bar seats) and aesthetic of the room screamed "my kind of place!" We grabbed seats at the bar (the only open seats at the room) and immediately ordered a couple beers. Bueno.The food, however, was no bueno. The chips and guac were disappointing (never a good sign). Chips need to be thick to stand up to guacamole's weight. These were thin and brittle. The guac had a pretty middle of the road flavor - nothing to write home about. My entree was the pork enchiladas and they were just a goopy, greasy mess. The meat tasted pretty fatty and didn't have any real flavor to offer besides oily. The 1:1 ratio with the super oily cheese wasn't helping any. My dad had some kind of fish dish which inspired the dreaded "This tastes weird. Here, taste this. Does it taste weird to you?" exchange. My brother reports that his skewers were also pretty blah.Maybe we caught them on an off night?
5	Perhaps one of my favorite brunch spots on the planet. The place is small weith only 4 tables and a bar. It is also dark and can get pretty loud, but "sitting by all your friends" loud not "talking in a movie" loud. They cook over an open flame wood fired grill right in front of the bar. The interior is copper and dark wood which exudes a warm comfortable feeling. The service is always awesome and they remember the regulars and treat you like family. They also have a private dining room that you can reserve for parties. There is a loft in the room which is pretty cool if you're dumb enough to climb up there when you're drunk (wasn't me).Now for the food (insert drum roll) the finest New Mexican Cuisine in the valley. Things you must try before you die:Shrimp quesadilla served with roasted red peeper dipping sauce, carne adovada, try not to orgasm while shoveling it in to your mouth. The chili relleno (choice of turkey, pork or beef).. Everything comes slathered in red or green sauce that makes you want to cry while eating for fear of being done. And get the posole sometime, you'll never love another. This is just for brunch, their dinner menu includes fresh fish, grilled steak and on and on and on... I'm getting hungry just thinking of it.
5	Dick's/Richardson's is probably my favorite restaurant in the valley. The interior is small, dark and with a modern Santa Fe style. Dick's consists of a bar with a handful of tables it also has a room connected for private parties which they occasionally open so it never hurts to ask if you can sit there when they don't have it reserved. I plan on going there many more times to try as many things as possible because frankly it all sounds good and I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered. The services matches the quality of the food as well. Living close to Richardson's/Dick's make trying new places difficult knowing that I could have easily gone to Dick's instead. They also have Dos Equis amber on tap (as well as lager) which should be as mandatory for a Mexican cuisine restaurant as a bathroom.
5	Something weird happens when we go to Dick's for breakfast. It's not just breakfast, and it's not about us. It's an event, and it's all about Dick's. The ride there - it's all we talk about - what we ordered last time, how frellin' good it was, what we're going to order this time (That's right - we've got the menu memorized. You don't? You obviously haven't been to Dick's enough). So we order, we sip our drinks (Bloody Mary for me, Mimosa for my breakfast buddy), and we talk about Dick's - how much we like Dick's, how cool Dick's is, how we need to come back to Dick's more often. And then they bring the food (best shrimp quesadillas EVER! the huevos rancheros are damn fine too), so no more more talking. Just eating. You may hear a few mmmm's and ahhh's, definitely a couple of ohmygoditsogood's, but no real dialogue. Not until our plates are bare. And the drive home we tell each other how good it was, like we weren't both there.
5	Little known watering hole, becoming the spot to get a cold beer and enjoy a great meal.  The kitchen is behind the bar, the atmosphere is unique and origional as any good hideaway should be.  The place has always been packed but people have always been coming and going so there's never been a wait.  Unless you get enough people to reserve the back dinning room I would only suggest 2-4 people as seating can be difficult.
5	We went their based on the reviews seen here and we were not disappointed! Very cool vibe to the place, the wait staff was great and the food was fantastic!  We ordered The Taos plate and the Scallops special...WOW.  Everything taste incredible and the scallops were probably one of the best we have ever had...super tender and way mouthwatering.Had margaritas...those too were very good.  Mrs. had the prickly pear version and was thoroughly impressed.  We want to take some friends back...might not be able to sit in the bar ( we went on a Wed. during happy hour and it was full) , but the back room looked like you can hang out with a group a little more comfortably.We will be back!
4	The name of this place sounds like it should be a secret swingers joint, but I do believe it is not although last time one of my buddies was here, he got hit on by a cougar.  Instead, it's a sweet little hole in the wall bar serving delicious New Mexican cuisine and yummy beer.  It's dark with limited room at the bar and few tables however that just adds to the ambiance.  Dicks is a great place to watch a game if you don't want to go to some lame ass sports bar or just a fun place to grab a brew with one of your friends.  Rock on Dicks.. hmmm, that sounded really bad.
4	nice setup, very dark and muted. good place for a sat or sun brunch.i like to measure a bfast place by their eggs benedict and dick's does not dissapoint. the pork loin is super thick and tasty to boot.staff is very professional and helpful.
5	LOVE IT!Too bad its all meat.  Can't go there anymore .  :(Brunch is awesome, not too busy.Coffee is great too!  Or you can do a Hoegaarden or Chimay with your eggs.
5	really liked this little gem in the middle of a seemingly" ghetto" strip mall...would have never found it if we weren't looking.  Went on a Fri nite- place was packed..and by place i mean they have 3 sit down tables and probably 8 spots at the bar.  Tiny Tiny Tiny..and rather loud- but great ambience.  Food was OUT OF THIS WORLD.I had the Taos Combo( special)- steak quesidilla, grilled shrimp and sausage....i know it sounds boring- but clearly i cannot remember all the wonderful details or it would sound a lot better..just know it tasted great.  We also ordered the Trio( chile relleno, tamale and chicken burro)- delicious..rice and beans also to die for.  Took half of it home as portion sizes were huge  - Very extensive and decent-priced wine selections also
3	Hideaway? More like a complete secret. There were no signs or anything out front and we barely found the place. Thank goodness for iphone maps. Anyway, once inside we were greeted quickly. The main area consisted of a long bar and a few tables, but it was full. So, we got the next best thing...our own large table in the private party room. Ok? I thought. But, I was hungry and really craving New Mexican cuisine. After a short wait, our food came. I got the New Mexican Sampler. It consisted of rice, beans, a burro, a enchilada, and quesadilla. The burro and quesadilla were yummy, but the enchilada was a little too dry for my taste. The beans and rice were good too. The only negative was that the entire platter was topped with a ton of cheese. That probably explains why they have pizza on the menu. Also, my dining partner ordered the quesadilla sampler and the cheese was prevalent again. I guess going forward you can always ask for less cheese. Otherwise, the food here is good and hearty. Don't come with a light apetite.
5	Dick's has that special something - the allure of the secret spot, your proximity to food coaxed by open flame, the forced intimacy, the darkness on the edge of visibility... and booze.It's the food of Richardson's within a speakeasy atmosphere. Quirky rustic  ambiance served with a meaty, habanero kick. Great for an adventurous early date where you want to see if the other person "gets it", and to "get some" later if they do get it. And of course, an old reliable that you suddenly perk up and remember when you think you've run out of options for a great casual meal.Also, the private room/wine cellar is a great option for smallish family gatherings, company events and holiday parties. The reservation fee completely applies to the tab and the enivronment itself keeps the conversation moving.Don't ever change Dick's! (does that need a comma somewhere?)
4	A Hideaway this restaurant certainly is - tucked into a derelict looking shopping center is a haven for delicious Southwest cuisine.  If Richardson's around the corner is packed, or you are looking for a new brunch option, stroll around the corner to Dick's.  Keep in mind that this place is literally a nook, so go with a small party rather than 50 of your closest friends.  The place is kind of sexy as it is, so an initmate gathering would be a better call.  Food is delicious, smoking hot, and inventive.  Not a chips and salsa joint, but more like inspired New Mexican cuisine.  They take some liberties with their green and red chile laden menu, but the dishes impress nonetheless.
5	I'm already craving Dick's Hideaway...and I had it less than a week ago! The wait'll probably be long cuz this place is tiny, but it's so worth it. The ambience is kind of rustic but cool and the clientele is friendly, and you can always grab a drink while you're waiting. I tried the prickly pear margarita, which was just sweet enough and had a nice salty kick to it. You'll expend your recommended caloric intake for the month, but it's so worth it.I had a special platter that included a mushroom tamale, smoked turkey relleno, carne adovado burrito and rice and beans. It easily could've fed three, but it was so delicious that I wanted it all for myself. Each item had a wonderful spicy kick to it, and my faves were the smoked turkey relleno (a lighter take on its cheese-filled cousin, and ten times more flavorful) and the carne adovado (tender pork studding a meaty, hearty sauce). I even liked the beans...and I HATE beans! You'll ingest all kinds of carcinogens, but it's so worth it. I had some bites of the special mixed grill, which featured pork loin, steak and lamb chops. Each piece of meat was of good quality and was expertly prepared -- the lean yet juicy pork loin was my surprise favorite of the night. I never thought you could get an excellent burrito and excellent grilled meat in one place, but Dick's proved me wrong!You'll start pheening for it as soon as you leave the parking lot, but it's so worth it. I would totally drive myself to LAX in traffic, buy a ticket to Phoenix, wait in the security line, sit through a flight, rent a car and drive to Dick's right now to have it for dinner...cuz it's SO WORTH IT!
5	We've been going to Dick's for years now.  Such a cool little secret.  Love: the small and intimate setting, the chickens being roasted on the open flames, the smell of pecan wood, fresh squeezed citrus juices, generous pours for drinks, friendly, patient, helpful staff, and the food!  Been there all times of day and the food is amazing.  Brunch is outstanding!  Love everything on the menu.  Do not agree with one writer here that it's too spicy, but I am a native having grown up on hot food.  Don't tell just anyone.  Let's keep it the wonderful secret it is.
3	Well I think it was us, cuz we were expecting something else.  First of all we thought we were in Richardson's, which now I see is next door.  But as the place is under remodel we weren't quite sure where to enter and so we went in here.  It was very dark and noisy, I felt the music was too loud, but at the time I didn't know that this was the bar.  Anyway we weren't in a great mood to party and so that put a damper on the dinner.  So in all honesty, I will have to go back and try it when we aren't being so pissy.  The service was slow, the water tasted off, the shrimp quesadillas weren't worth the money, but the pork green chile rellano's were delicious, spicy, smokey and flavorful.  I felt the beans and rice were okay, could have been cooked a little more thoroughly.  I also thought the price $15 was a little high for 2 rellano's, should be more like $12, but I won't bitch and moan for $3.  The order of pork gc enchiladas for take away lunch the next day were very tasty and much appreciated.  So as I said maybe it was our pissy mood, we'll see next time at Richardson's.
5	Dick's and the related restaurant, Richardson's are excellent - probably the best New Mexican food I've had (outside of New Mexico of course) - they are always tops on my list when choosing a restaurant.  Service has always been excellent, and the food memorable.  For group dinners, Dick's Hideaway has a private room (often called the 'family room' in many traditional New Mexico restaurants) that will seat close to 20 people I think - an excellent place for small business dinners.  Whether eating in the private room, in a booth at Richardson's or at one of the bars - it's a great choice.
5	I'm ready to move to Phoenix to be closer to my new love, Dick's Hideaway.Thanks Phoenix yelpers for directing me to the mother of all whole-in-the-walls.I ordered the first thing I saw on the menu, Pasta Heidi, which is green chile linguine with grilled chicken in a chipotle cream sauce.  It was so good, I'd like to move to Phoenix and get a job at Dick's, just for the employee meal.  I'll have to settle for a few more meals there before we leave town, because my husband thinks I'm being ridiculous.  I blame Dick's.Can't wait to try their breakfast AND lunch.See you tomorrow Dick's Hideaway.Love Mary-Anne
5	Three words: PO ZO LE. The pozole is da bomb. Spicy broth, meat that just melts in your mouth but still has that smoky flavor. I will drive the 6 hours back to Phoenix just to have another taste of this nectar of the gods. Oh yeah, the rest of the food is good too...
5	One of the BEST places to eat and get a drink.  Don't miss the pozole.  Also, just in case you're wondering, there isn't anything on the menu that you will regret ordering.
3	This place used to be a staple for my family.  Saturday's we'd wake up and head to Dick's for the Carne Adovada.  But the last few times we've been have been disappointed.  The portions and quality of food and presentation has changed within the last five or six months.  I think it is because they got rid of a lot of the old staff that made that place so awesome.  It was like Cheers, they knew us by name and if not by name at least by face and that is how we were treated...with a smile, great service, and great food.We are still big fans of Rokerij (which is owned by the same folks as Dick's and Richardsons).  I'd really like to see this place turn back around.  I have many friends who used to frequent this place but not so much anymore.
5	Amazing, thanks Yelp.  A little hard to find, hidden in plain view, food is excellent, I had a shrimp quesadilla and pozole, both were amazing.   They have Chimay on tap.
5	It took me a while finding Dick's Hideaway.  It's nestled between some smaller businesses across the way from a strip mall, and I didn't see a sign over the door until I decided to get out of the car and find it on foot.  The doors were nothing fancy, and there wasn't an outdoor menu to check out, but I later figured after I had eaten my meal that if Dick's cared to advertise, there'd ultimately be lines down the block of people waiting for a seat at their three tables, or their bar.Whether waiting for the good drinks, the cozy atmosphere, the amazing food, the kind service, or a chance to watch your meal being made over a fresh draught beer, there'd be people waiting.  I am thankful that Dick's is such a hard place to find, and even happier knowing it's certainly worth the search.Dick's menu is strictly American.  Good American.  They only have one burger stowed away on three menu pages bristling with bacon-wrapped grilled shrimp, roasted chicken and cheese steak sandwiches.  Just one burger, and yet I'd not want another to take the place of every other delicious option you'll find.  In fact, if there's anything wrong with the menu at Dick's, it's that there are too many amazing plates to choose from.  I ended up having half my drink before I found what I wanted, but the service was quick, attentive, and ready when I pointed out the cheese steak and watched it made fresh.Sure, there are only three tables.  You can order food at the bar, if you're lucky enough to score a stool.  But I can't dock Dick a star for being a hard-to-get treat.  If there were more tables it'd feel too big.  It'd be louder, full of people who take the place for granted.  No, Dick -- keep it small.  It's quaint, personable, and OHMYGOD delicious.  If I was made to wait half an hour for a chance to enjoy a meal at Dick's, it'd be well worth it.
5	Dick's I love you. Came here for breakfast on Sunday, you were crowded so your server took me over to Richardson's. I had the omlette (which I've never tried before). It was the best damn omlette I have ever had. Shrimp, peppers and pepper jack cheese. Thanks for ruling the valley with your fine cuisine!
1	Boy you people just won't give me a break on the photo thing....One of these days I promise but in the meantime here goes the review....this used to be a really great spot but lately it is lacking...We stopped in yesterday for a quick cocktail and to meet a friend....no great happy hour specials and no happy hour food at all (sorry but in this economy I'm kinda looking for a break). I wound up having the cactus margarita which I asked them to make with Sauza and it has to down down as the WORST top shelf margarita...I realize times are tough all over but it tasted like lemonaid and if there was tequila in it I sure couldn't taste it.....won't be coming back. We left there and went to Sierra Bonita where my expectations were more than met....please check out the review.
5	Dick's is one of my top 5 all time favorite restaurants. The ambiance - intimate, dark, rustic, wood, copper. Sitting at the bar, watching your food being cooked right in front of you. The rack of lamb is sublime. The "Taos Combo" or anything on the special board, especially seafood, is always incredible. Their margaritas, cocktails, wine - all great. Bacon wrapped shrimp ftw. They come on a plate with a tortilla on the bottom, rice, beans, and sauce on top, and the bacon wrapped shrimp on top of that. The salad, which comes with many entrees, is awesome. And don't forget the flan, topped with prickly pear syrup. You can't go wrong. It's a testament to how good this place is that they don't need a sign.
4	Hideaway is apt description.  No signage of any sort.  Small footprint inside.  I liked it immediately.For starters, we split the SKEWERS (2 wood grilled chicken, beef tenderloin, shrimp, and sausage skewers with dipping sauces) and the TOMATILLO TOAST (sauteed chicken and ham served over toast with green chile, mozzarella cheese, and tomatillo salsa).  What you say, there are no appetizers on the menu.  Please, you just order regular menu items as if they were in fact appetizers.  Both "appetizers" were extremely flavorful and that pecan wood they use is spectacular.  The only detractor was that the meats on them were on the overcooked side.I went with a surf & turf type of entree (FILET MIGNON & LOBSTER TAIL) based upon our barman's recommendation.  It.  Was.  Awesome.  The filet was perfectly cooked, as was the lobster.  The dipping sauces really enhanced everything.  I even loved both sides (GCP or GREEN CHILE POTATO and SAUTEED ASPARAGUS & BROCCOLINI).  I usually save the best tasting piece of food for last, but to be honest, I had the hardest time deciding what that was going to be.Seriously, if the appetizers weren't overcooked, Dick's would be a 5-starer for me.  Robust flavors, good service, and truly a find.  The other sad thing?  They were out of the flan.  Boo!My last bite?  The lobster.
3	Being "creatively employed" Dick's is absolutely my most favorite place to go for brunch at 2pm on a weekday...Excellent bloody marys, though I miss the spicy pickled asparagus spears that once adorned the drink...and the tenderloin benedict is just amazing...but anyway, here's the deal: Had a psychic moment with the girlfriend and we wanted Dick's (hahaha) brunch, BAD, yesterday. So we roll up at 10am, and yes, expected it to be hopping as it was Memorial Day, which it was...However, here's the deal...Popped our head in the side dining room and there were a few tables open, clean and ready to go, so we waited to be acknowledged....Jim Jarmusch look-alike waiter/manager, I don't know, but he's always there, comes rolling up and tells us rather shortly that there's nothing available and we can go to Richardson's if we want, and we said very pleasantly, I might add, "oh, but there's a few tables over there,"  to which his face turned cold, and he says "YEAH, but  you won't be seen for more than 20 minutes," in a rather mean way...F that. SO, I say "Sorry you're so understaffed on Memorial Day, we'll spend our money elsewhere."  I'm surprised he didn't spit on us as we left.  Thing is, we would have waited, but this guy was such a, *ahem* d*ck, about it, I didn't expect we'd have received any level of quality service if we did get seated in 20 minutes. What happened? I don't know, but I'm pretty bummed out about it.  We went to our favorite bar for a couple bloody mary's, and then had lunch at Ticoz, where everyone was smiling, and the service and food were solid.
4	I went here this past Sunday afternoon after reading a bunch of reviews on Yelp.The place wasn't terribly crowded when my girlfriend and I arrived, and we had the option of sitting either at the bar or at one of the small tables (we sat at a table).  The two guys who seemed to be running the place were both very nice and friendly.  I ordered the chicken enchiladas and eggs and my girlfriend ordered the turkey rellenos and eggs.  I absolutely loved my dish and thought it was a great value for the price ($12).  I was less enthusiastic about the rellenos, but that is because I'm just not a fan of rellenos generally.  I would generally describe our meals as "brunch with a kick," which is exactly what we were looking for.  The only reason that I might be reluctant to come here again is that I am new to the area and I just like to try different places for the sake of trying different places.  Also, it's about a 20 minute drive from Tempe;  as someone previously living in  DC, i am more used to walking to the places i want to eat.  But if i lived nearby i would probably go every week.
4	Yup, I came again on the eve of leaving Phoenix.This time, we split the GRILLED SHRIMP (six bacon wrapped jumbo shrimp and four dipping sauces - very very tasty).I ordered the MIXED GRILL (grilled tenderloin, lamb chops, and pork chops - the tenderloin and chops were cooked nicely, the pork chops were slightly over cooked, but the flavors were there).To conclude, I had the FLAN which was light and tasty.
5	Eggs Benedict Jalapeno!!  That's all I need to say.
3	This restaurant has some very tasty items, none of which contain its red, spicy sauce.My boyfriend and I tried this place randomly since I moved to a new neighborhood.  We did take out and were glad when we some the small, crowded and warm interior.  It was dark and very tight.  Which is fine if that's your thing!As a vegetarian, my options were limited, but that has never stopped me before.  I ordered the mushroom tamales.  They might be good with a different sauce, but apparently there are two options: meat, and really freaking spicy.  I couldn't even eat it.  It wasn't the tastes-good-underneath-the-pain kind of spicy, it tasted like some spice (paprika?) that just tasted like crap and pain.  I rarely dislike food, and almost never don't eat things, but those tamales were not happening.  We also ordered an order of toasted garlic, which was really, really good.  It came with way more bread than we could hope to eat.  Seriously amazing sauce, vegetables, garlic and I don't know what all else.  My boyfriend got the tomatillo toast, which sounded and looked amazing.  He said it was delicious, and we both want to give this place another try.  I am just staying far, far away from anything red and or spicy.
4	One of my favorite neighborhood restaurants. We usually tend to go on Sunday afternoons for brunch and margaritas. I love the small, intimate setting of Dick's. I have also always been a fan of exibition kitchens.Our normal affair usually consits of a reasonably priced breakfast burrito or their creative twist on eggs benedict. It always amazes me how satisfied we feel when leaving, and also not to mention the reasonable price of our bill. I would recommend Dick's hideaway to anyone who lives in North Central Phoenix. If you don't live in the neighborhood, Dick's is certainly worth the drive.
2	It's dark in there!Honestly, I walked in last Saturday and it was like trying to see where you are going right after you turn out the bathroom light at 2:00 am:)The last time I was at one of the Burning Embers/Richarsdson's Family of Restaurant offerings (Richardson's, Rokerij and Dick's Hideaway, as I understand it), I told myself I wouldn't be returning...I had listened to the boss (the owner?) screaming at an employee, over some error, for a solid 3-4 minutes as the Beautiful Carin and I tried to eat a nice dinner at Richardson's:(It was like watching Hell's Kitchen, up close and personal.And not what I expect in a dinner house, quasi fine dining establishment.However, I got roped into a post squash tournament group brunch/retox with my buddies from the Village.They all wanted to go to Dick's, so I was outvoted...I could have gone home, but that would have been impolite and no fun:)As I stumbled over the threshold trying to adjust my eyes from the arc welder intensity of the Phoenix noon hour, to the eerie dark wood, leather and no light world that is the Hideway, I told myself "well, I didn't darken their door again...the door was already darkened":)Would I have gone back on my own...even to score a coveted review for Yelp? I'm going to have to say "No"...Much as I love the spicy food and the New Mexican style of cooking, I was pretty sure that I would rather drive to Santa Fe for New Mexican style food than have dinner disturbed by a Gordon Ramsey wanna be again:(But you know something...I am not one to hold a grudge or to be "Donnie Downer" so let's start with some positives from the brunch the other day:* There was no screaming, whatsoever:)* The service was outstanding...no really, our server was excellent  and friendly, as well as knowledgeable and competent:)* They know how to make a pretty good vodka martini:)* They sure know where to find the peppers in the kitchen:)* The menu is reasonably creative:)On the other hand (oh, you knew it was coming...two stars...it couldn't be that everything was great)* The Carne Adovada and Eggs (the "signature" dish, as I understand it) was mediocre...the pork was pretty dry, the potatoes were a bit undercooked and I was frankly glad for the eggs and beans to put a little moisture back in the dish...the flavors were good, though and if the pork hadn't been dry and if the potatoes were done, I could see this dish being a solid choice:)* $25 for two vodka martini's on a Saturday afternoon...really? I don't like to complain about prices, generally, but this seems to be a stretch...these things were  1/2 the size of the marti's at oh, say AZ88, yet they cost more. That doesn't make me happy:(I just haven't had the best of luck with places named "Dick's" anything...Dickey's BBQ is just a pit and Dickie's Dog's apparently fed the wrong person a crappy hot dog one too many times and got fire bombs thrown through their front window for their trouble.The Richardson's Family of Restaurants has already had enough trouble along the fire front, so I certainly wish them the best with their restaurant activities.But I probably won't be back until the next time one of my buddies wants to drag me here again...or if I miss an episode of Hell's Kitchen and want to catch up:)
5	Richardson's burnt to the ground, but Dick's still erect!Well thank god for that, because Dick's has the best brunch menu in town.  The adovada and tenderloin benedict is so amazing it'll make a straight man say that he loves Dick's.The fresh squeezed OJ and ambiance makes this my favorite brunch spot ever.  Just walking through the doors on a Sunday afternoon is almost enough to cure my hangover..I love Dick's.
4	Good Southwestern food in huge portions.  My friend and I came here around 9:45 last night, and the place was reasonably empty.  One couple came in after us briefly.The place itself is nicely decorated.  I love the open grill at the bar, and the smell of burning wood.  We ordered a couple martinis, gimlets, beer, and actual food.  The drinks were nice  and strong, the bartender has a heavy hand!  The food was delicious.  I got the carne adovada which was just perfect.  The pork was so easy to pull apart.  And who doesn't love a meal where you don't need a knife?  That means less effort put into eating.  My friend got the skewers and enjoyed them as well.  The presentation for them is a little nicer than the adovada, which is just meat thrown on a plate.The bartender was great, asking us what music we wanted to hear on Pandora.  He still needs to watch The Hangover so he can understand why my friend needs to stay in Caesar's Palace in Vegas.  We just might have to stop in and see him tonight.Word to the wise: be careful about getting drunk at the bar.  The bar stools are wobbly and I can see someone eating shit while wasted.
5	Roasted garlic plate: Orgasmic. Slow-roasted, sweet, smoky, soft spreadable ginormous cloves of stinky heaven, served with an array of mysterious dips and spreads, all warm and covered in melted cheese, ready for the spreadin'. For the times when I expect to kiss my boyfriend again in the next five days, I forgo the garlicky goodness for veggie quesadillas (not on the menu, people): whatever veggies they have back there (broccolini, beets, Brussels sprouts, carrots, whatevs) folded into a delicious tortilla with just enough cheese. Served on a cutting board with amazing salsa on the side.... Nom nom nom.No place else like it. Hands down. Eagerly awaiting Richardson's triumphant return....
5	Ahhhhh the irony! The gf and I woke up Labor Day, and we were gonna go for it. We were going for the Dick's!  Arrived at 11am, and it was busy, but we still got 2 seats right at the bar. sweet. Ordered Bloody Marys and our bartender gave us 2 little sidecars of DosXX. Wha? "It's all about you, today," and he smiled. So cool. We were tired, hungover, and this was such a nice bright touch to start our day.  Tenderloin Benedict (medium rare) for me, Adovada for the lady. Clean plates: indeed!  I'm really a bitch about a good hollandaise and man, I have got to hand it to them, they do it proper. The adovada was saucy and totally hump-worthy.What a fantastic way to start off my Fall. This Kitty is a-purring!
5	I was introduced to Dicks one Sunday morning and instantly fell in love. Ehm, um, I meant fell in love with Dick's Hideaway.  Not that there is anything wrong with falling in love with dicks.  Nevermind.I love Mexican-style food for breakfast.  Why can't eggs be served with beans, tortillas, and green chile sauce?  I have had the Carne Adovado with eggs and the Huevos Ranchers.  Both are excellent.  Served with tortillas, potatoes, beans, and a healthy serving of cheese.  It has always come out piping hot on really cool pewter-type plates.  I love pewter plates!  Makes me feel like a knight or something.It is not the biggest of places and sitting can be sparse depending on time of week and time of day.  Sundays they offer mimosas.  It is truly a hideaway.  It is hidden on the West side of 16th St in a strip mall, under cover of some viney type plant.  I have used type thing 4 times now.Anyway, give this place a shot.  It is awesome.
5	On Sunday I had the best breakfast ever.  Not the kind of breakfast you eat on the go before work - more like the breakfast you eat after hiking Camelback or running 6 miles.Carne adovada with eggs, beans, potatoes, cheese, and tortillas.  Red chile sauce.  The room smelled like a campfire.   So so good.I would also like to take this oppurtunity to thank the idiot legislators who passed the law whereby I cannot order a Bloody Mary before 10am on Sunday while enjoying the best breakfast ever at Dick's Hideway.  Why Sunday?  Some drunk can order one before work Mon - Fri, but I can't on my day off?  Well, at least I can still take my handgun with me....Thank you for listening.
5	Absolutely delicious breakfast!!!  Not an easy restaurant to find as there is no sign outside.  But it is worth the adventure.  It is a small "hole in the wall" but none of the bad stuff.  It has a lush cozy interior.  The food is tex-mex style so everything comes with a tortilla.  There was even a tortilla hidden beneath the salad!  The eggs benedict was cooked perfectly.  Perfectly poached eggs over two juicy perfectly seasoned pork loins... and it was all on top of a tortilla.
5	It's hidden away indeed!When we finally found Dick's Hideaway, I wished I would have done so YEARS AGO.  I've been missing out all these years, on absolute GOODNESS.The "Pasta Heidi" is a dish that will likely NEVER be knocked from my "top 10 favorite foods list".  It is MY-OH-MY GOOD!The ambiance is absolute perfection.  Rustic yet polished.  YES, it is teeny-tiny BUT we were there early on a weeknight & sat in the bar area and there were still tables available long after we arrived.Photos & more here:http://monkeywonderland.com/blog/?p=999
5	I love Dicks.UhhhhBy this point, I've probably had everything on the menu twice over. There are so many dishes that are both varied to please everyone, and still consistent with what they are going for which is the New Mexican Cuisine. Dick's has it all, a quaint and unique atmosphere. It feels like a small eatery you'd find in a downtown of a big city, it's a really fun, dark, kind of sexy place to take a date too. There aren't many better first date locales.The Pork Chop Chorizo, Roasted Garlic Plate, Red White and Blue Enchiladas, and of course the Carne Adovada are some of the real standouts for me. They serve Chimay on draft, the servers are friendly, and it's got the fun great atmosphere to boot. You owe it to yourself to try it.I just hate telling people I had Dicks for dinner.
4	Had breakfast at Dicks Hideaway this morning before a big day of shopping (a group of friends is furnishing a room at a transitional housing program for women0--It was a great place to start the day--I hadn't been there in awhile and had forgotton how good the food is.  As usual the place was crowded (at 10 in the morning) so we sat at the bar (my favorite place)  I ordered carne adovada with scrambled eggs.  The adovado was rich and hot but no so hot to overwhelm the taste buds,  the eggs are nice complement to allow your taste buds to cool off before the next bite of the tender carne adovada.  if you can't get to new mexico any time Dick's Hideaway is a great place to get the red or green chili fix.
3	love dicks, richardsons etc etc but come on I'm throwing down 120$ get some  servers / managers with customer service skills.
5	I love this place!  There is no better atmosphere in the valley to compliment the food.  The New Mexican cuisine is fantastic.  It can be a bit spicy at times, so watch out.   One of the only places I know in town to serve Chimay Beer on tap!
4	This place really is a hideaway.  I think we drove by it twice before calling to discover it's in between the mart at the end and the hardware store.  Also, it's pretty tiny.  Just a bar and 3 1/2 tables.  It looks like they did have a small place for groups when you walk in on the right.  The place was super cozy and inviting and the service was great.  One of the servers was a fellow gaucho so instant connection, obviously.Food:ROASTED GARLIC PLACE- A MUST!!!!!!  This dish is crazy good.  Sure a lot of garlic is never amazing for the stomach, but it's well worth it.  The plate comes with a huge roasted garlic, sauteed peppers covered in 3 different sauces smothered in melted cheese, and all on a flour tortilla underneath.  It really was the most amazing thing.  Also this is SUPER FILLING!  Blue, red and white corn enchiladas and Carne Adovada-  Both of these were nothing amazing and awfully hard to follow after the garlic plate.  We both agreed that for main dishes we enjoyed our food at Carlsbad Tavern the previous night.  Maybe it was because of what we ordered.  A shrimp quesadilla to me was foreign and not super enjoyable.  The rice was ok.  And everything seemed really greasy.Also the play list was AWESOME.  From Rolling Stones to the Band to Tom Petty, I absolutely loved the music and in general the atmosphere of this place.Overall, I almost wish we had stopped with our negra modelos (on tap!!) and the roasted garlic place.  Everything was still good but not as amazing as the garlic plate!
5	Just had breakfast for lunch. Carne adovada with potatoes and scrambled eggs. Could be the best thing I have eaten in months. No kidding.
4	Easy to miss but a great little spot.  Awesome atmosphere with good service. Everything on the menu looked great and the food was excellent.
5	Absolutely amazing. Dick's Hideaway is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. It's very hard to find if you don't know where it is, however. It is a very small place, as there are only a total of 4 tables other than the private party room.The blackened swordfish is DELICIOUS. Along with the fish, you get jumbo shrimp, vegetables, and the best part. The best part I refer to is the twice baked potato over a VERY spicy green chile. I like spicy food, and it was very hard to handle this pepper. And then after you finish your plate, you discover that it was all on top of a tortilla which has soaked in all sorts of flavor from your entree.I strongly urge everyone to try this restaurant.
4	I'm not a fan of New Mexican-style food, but Dick's Hideaway isn't your usual New Mexican / American fare.  Not sure what you'll find on the menu?  I highly recommend Sunday brunch.  Try the Huevos Rancheros.  Unlike your usual ranchero-esque experience, these are cooked with blue corn tortillas and smothered in your choice of red or green chile.  I went with the green.  Delicious.  Nice heat.   The order of potatoes and beans rounds out this plate.The Bar tending staff is friendly, professional and cater's to the customers' needs.  Why not?  This place is about the size of my living room...quaint and perfect for hosting any friend with a hangover.  The ambiance is perfect for the perfect bloody mary.If you can handle the breakfast menu, don't be ashame not to clean your plate.  Dessert is always something to look forward to after a tasty meal.  If chocolate is your thing (it's not mine), try whatever is on the blackboard.  The chocolate brownie a la mode was on the menu...and it was delicious. I highly recommend this place for those who don't want to be seen, or for a very private meeting with less than a handful of people.  Dick's Hideaway sets the tone.  Enjoy your meal with a little extra spice. Enjoy your drink.  Enjoy your company.
3	Went for a quick lunch on a Friday after reading some of the glowing reviews here. I liked the ambiance. The smell of the open pecan wood fire lent a 'campfire-y' feeling to the dark place.I got a Carne Adovada Burrito with red and green sauce. The burrito was pretty good, but not the best I've ever eaten. The meat was great - a far cry from the typical dog-food flavored mass that is typically served at most mexican restaurants. I'd have liked to taste some more of the smoky flavor from the pecan wood, though.The beans and rice that came on the side were entirely forgettable. In fact, the beans seemed like your typical watery, canned pinto beans.I didn't think that the burrito was really worthy of its $12 price. I'm willing to pay that for a great burrito, but it just didn't quite rise to that amount. It was maybe a $9 burrito.The service was really good. The wait staff was responsive and the food was served up quick and hot..
4	If someone hadn't told us exactly where to find Dick's, we would have never known it was there.We were actually in Northern AZ when some tourists mentioned Dick's hideaway.The exterior doesn't even have a sign!Very dimly lit, so at first, I was hesitant. Tiny, tiny eatery. maybe 3 tables, and seating along there bar (we sat at the bar).It was in the middle of a downpour, so our wait was no more than 5 minutes, but every table was full. I can imagine on a regular weekend, the line is probably out the door...the breakfast was fresh, made right in front of you, and I watched as they sprinkled fresh blueberries on my pancakes. Soooo good.The coffee was great and the bacon was out of this world. My husband has the carne adovada which he LOVED.Charming and eclectic-definitely going back.
4	While waiting to be seated we peaked at the menu on the door to Rokerij (their sister restaurant) and almost wanted to eat there! Then we checked out the specials for Dick's and wanted to eat those NOW! The smell and the descriptions of the dishes got us really excited especially considering the number of people waiting to be seated at this tiny signless joint.I ordered the salmon special with shrimp chipotle sauce. It was garlicky and buttery and spicy and somehow incredibly light. The carrots and broccolini were cooked perfectly and chef's chipotle twice baked potato was genius! Instead of a potato shell they used a roasted poblano chile. I am totally stealing that for my next dinner party.My boyfriend ordered the New Mexican plate which was an extraordinary amount of food. I tried a bite of the masa and for me it was too dry, but the spices were excellent.Next time we will hit up Rokerij for their small plates.
5	I love Dick's! I haven't ever had a bad meal here. The blue red and white enchilada's are amazing-especially the one with shrimp, although the chicken is tasty as well. I also like the turkey enchiladas and the green chile pork ones. The garlic plate is divine and easy to share with a group if you like garlic and don't mind tasting it for a day or so afterward. I love the way it smells inside and I love that it is always dark and cozy. Always one of my favorites!
4	Hello good food! Really this place has some great food! I was soo happy to eat here on my visit to Phoenix. Lets thanks my friend for taking me here and then lets thank the chef for the great tasting food. I had a NY Strip Steak with crab meat on it. The sauce had heat but not too much to burn your mouth. Which was excellent. I've always said that food needs to tell a story and this dish had a subtle beginning and an amazing end. The service was friendly and fast. The decor well it looks like a hideaway so that's actually kinda cute! The prices seemed reasonable for the food and the flavor. I'd go again!
5	My stomach growls just thinking of this place.  I have been here twice, only because it is very far from my home.  The food here is incredible and the atmosphere is very unique.  I got the chroizo breakfast burrito and the red, white, blue enchiladas and have dreamed of them every since.  You must go here!!!!
2	Seriously? People giving this place 5 stars? I have lived in Southern CA and now in El Paso, TX. I've tried some of the best mexican food, but this place was just ok. I've eaten "New Mexico" food in New Mexico and it's tasted better than this place. The food was a bit greasy. Granted, we ordered take-out from this place so maybe the food could have been better if we ate it in the very tiny restaurant that doesn't even have a sign on the outside. It's amazing how people even find this place!
4	I love this place.  It is intimate with the highest quality ingredients, friendly staff and a kicked back atmosphere.  It also feels special because it is so tiny and unmarked.
5	We went on a recent Saturday night.  Four of us were racking our brains, trying to think of somewhere different to go to dinner together. We were tired of the same old places near us, so I finally remembered about Dick's Hideaway.  The other couple had never been there. My husband and myself had been there about 4 times before, but not in a long while.  We had always eaten at a table in the bar area, which is so cozy! But, we actually were sat in the private dining room, which we had only been able to peek into before. It was really a treat!   we started with the roasted garlic platter, which we have ordered as an appetizer every time we have been there. It is quite a lot of food for 4 as a starter. It is amazing!! You know that you are going to pay for it  the next day, but we just can't resist!  There were 12 specials that night. three of us decided on a special for our dinners. My girlfriend & I had the fresh sea bass.  First we got a salad included, which was very good, with a house dressing. The portion of fish was very large, and so amazingly delicious. My friend said it was some of the best she has ever had, and I have to agree. The plate is filled to the brim with a medley of fresh vegetables and their special green chili pepper mashed potatoes. My husband had the mixed grill special, which included medallions of pork tenderloin, filet mignon and a couple of lamb chops. The meats were perfect! My girlfriend's husband had the surf and turf from the regular menu, and I figure he liked his as well, since the plate was clean!!    I am always a bit nervous recommending to eat out somewhere that is a bit on the pricey side, but they can't wait to go back! Neither can I !!
5	My friend took me there about a year ago. I had the Jalapeno Benedict served with a giant hunk of ham on top. After one bite, I was hooked. All I do is crave Dicks now! The Enchiladas and Eggs are awesome as well. Yummy Dicks!
5	I go to Dicks Hideaway every so often, and absolutely love the atmosphere (yummy smell of pecan wood smoke in the air). But best of all? The service and the food! I always always always get the Carne Adovada (in one of the pictures on Yelp) with over easy eggs, yummy beans, and potatoes. I recommend getting it with their blue corn tortillas, super yummy. Very much worth the money. Some might think it's a pricey breakfast spot, but those people don't know good quality when they see it!
5	The name "Dick's Hideaway" is an understatement! This is as hidden as a restaurant can get. Hole in the wall? Yes! I was Yelping around on Saturday morning looking for somewhere to eat in AZ that wasn't a chain. Challenging task, I know. I needed something that reminded me of home. Something with character and culture. This is when my prayers were answered and I stumbled upon rave reviews of this adequately named establishment. Chile Adovada on their brunch menu? Surely I wasn't in Scottsdale anymore... this sounded like heaven to me! I could hardly contain my excitement when we finally entered this humble abode of brunch delight! At last- I found a joint that didn't resemble a Denny's or Ihop. I was delighted to say the very least. My boyfriend had the breakfast burrito and I of course had to get the Chile Adovada. It was pure bliss. The plate was large enough to feed 2 but I was starving. Every bite was out of this world! I could talk about the food for hours but let me move on to the ambiance. It was about as cool as the food. I felt like I was part of a club or something of that nature. There are no signs on the door advertising the place so it felt a little secretive. Pretty cool huh! The staff was super friendly and inviting. I topped off my weekend brunch with a small glass of jalapeno infused tequila. Careful if you don't like spicy flavors! If you like heat as much I do though, you will love it! I will definitely be back at Dick's again soon! Ciao!
4	Make whatever jokes you want about the name as if you're a homophobic 7th grade boy, but Dick's Hideaway has really got a great menu of American food.  Might not be a burger, fry, and shake diner, but New Mexican cuisine is American all the way, and as a matter of fact, among their many southwestern tinged dishes, they've got a superb thick, juicy burger, grilled up on an open flame right in front of you as you sit at the bar, with some great fries AND a nice full plate of dark green salad for somewhere around 11 bucks-ish (last I was aware).
5	Hidaway is right!!!  Had to call to make sure "additional parking in the rear" was really the door.Asked my husband if he wanted to go in?   Was a little scary for the moment had a sign posted for a liquor license.We were both blown away by the aroma as we entered and time warped to the middle of Montana 1960's, maybe.  We sat at the bar and had an amazing appetizer dinner.  Was planning on getting a little something before we met our son for dinner at Houston's (sorry Houston's my husband ate all of his 6 scallops)  Yes, I said 6 blackened scallops which blows Eddie V's out of the water!I can't wait to get back to Phoenix just to eat here!!!
5	Dick's Hideaway is truly one of the best kept secrets in the valley for American southwestern cuisine. I cannot fault this establishment for anything: its setting, lack of pretense, extremely warm, welcoming, knowledgeable and efficient staff...and the food mon dieu! The flavors were so overwhelmingly delicious...that my friend and I were speechless the entire meal. Everything was so farmly fresh from the fresh squeezed orange juice, the eggs benedict combo, the green chile....My hunger was so satisfied for days to follow and smiles to linger...
4	Dick's Hideaway is definitely hidden, but once you find it, you will enjoy it.  Stopped in for breakfast and had the combo Benedict (pork and beef) with jalapeno Hollandiase it was excellent- just the right amount of kick.  If you want something spicier they have plenty of items on the menu with red and green chili.The waitress was helpful, friendly and attentive.  Breakfast with a kick and a smile.
5	I love me some breakfast.
2	Food: 2Decor: 4Service: 2It took me a while to find this place. When they called it a hideaway, they weren't kidding. I parked right outside, and I ended up walking around to Luci's Healthy Market Place and the Koller True Value Hardware store before I found out it was right in between both of them. There's an unmarked door that's open.When you walk in, you're in the hallway between the bar and the dining area. No one paid attention to me, even when a bartender walked right by to deliver food. I ended up walking over to the dining area and stood around until a server noticed me and said I could sit anywhere.Decor is interesting. Dusty wine racks filled with wine everywhere. The tables are very large, especially the one with the TV. It seats about 10 people, so you'll have other people sitting at the table where you're dining.1. Benedict combo, 16 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jsuUmIEefPjV__ads62Z5w?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQPotatoes were good. Beans were okay. Pork was all right. Medium done beef wasn't that great. Poached eggs were okay. Jalepeno hollandaise was all right.Server was friendly. He said he was from CA and moved to Phoenix 6 years ago, but he still likes it a lot more back in CA.
5	All I have to say is THE FOOD IS AMAZING! It is hard to find (all good things are) Its amall, but cozythe food is cooked right there in front of you. As for the guy who left the only nagative comment... Go eat at Chilli's if you want a host to seat you.I can't wait to go back. Cheers
5	I want this review to reflect heavily on the food at Dick's Hideaway! The atmosphere was fantastic, and exactly what I like...but oh my did Richardson's do one hell of a job in the kitchen. I really didn't even know just how much I adored New Mexican style food until I ate here. I went here for breakfast and got the carne adovada and my girlfriend went with the chile rellenos. The adovada was through the roof delicious! Smokey, spicy, salty and prefectly tender! It was some of the best adovada that I've experienced, period. Fast forward to me getting around to trying the rellenos and you would have seen me with my lower jaw hitting the table (after chewing and swallowing of course). They were incredible; like, seriously incredible! My girlfriend won the battle of, "Whose cuisine will reign supreme?" hands down! I must eat those again! The last part of the meal that I feel needs recognition is the grapefruit juice. Sounds silly, but it was also amazing. It was so fresh that I'm surprised I didn't find some of the peel in it!Dick's Hideaway is a must try! Richardson'st impressed the hell out of me, and I can't wait to go and eat more of their delicious food!
3	Dick's Hideaway is adorable and charming, which is a rarity in Phoenix.  As I walked into the restaurant, I immediately saw it as the kind of place that I could bring out of town guests to in an effort to convince them that unique, soulful restaurants can exist within strip malls.We sat at the bar and ordered a beer and a glass of wine - good selection at reasonable prices.  For our meals, we decided on the Chimayo Chicken and the Tamale Plate.  Unfortunately, both were mediocre.  The chicken was a little bland and sounded better on the menu than it tasted, which at $24 was annoying.  The tamales were dry, although when we got some extra red chile to put on top, they improved a bit.I still have high hopes for Dick's Hideaway, but I'll need to hunt to find the best menu items before bringing guests here: 3 stars
5	There is no obvious signage in front, even on the doors, so search for it by street number.  It is next to the coffee bistro.  The food, ambiance and service are wonderful and the setting both comfortable and cozy.  The smell of wood-fired cooking fills the air. A true "home run."
3	I loved the fact that there is no sign above the door.  It's like Hollister!  Actually, I see this an impediment, but I guess it is unique.  I have dined here for dinner and for brunch.  I had some delicious Enchiladas for dinner and a Mexican Meatloaf for brunch.  Both came with rice and beans.  I honestly don't remember either dish tasting differently from each other.  That's sometimes my problem with Mexican food.  Far too often, it all tastes exactly the same.  The beans were also over cooked.  This is not to say that both meals weren't filling or tasty, but I am hesitant to go back because I know I can get equally tasty and filling meals for 6 dollars less.  That being said, the small interior is very intimate and would make a great place to take a date.
5	I love the food, (especially brunch) I love the music and I especially love your $5 mimosas.
5	I love Dick's Hideaway!   The food is amazing!   It's cooked over an open pecan wood fire.  The smells are wonderful, the staff is kind and attentive ... it is the perfect neighborhood bar.   Everything that we ate was perfect ... chicken quesadilla, cheese steak sandwich ... the fries are great.
5	I am not sure who labeled Dick's Tex-Mex, they are WAY off.  It is New Mexican for sure, and AMAZING for certain things and ok for others and not so great for some things.The atmosphere is fun, quirky and all Dick's!  Wood floors, cozy tables, cool wood bar, fully testosterone driven decor with some Kokopellis  and Coyotes thrown in for good measure.  Dark, smokey (the good kind wafting up from the smoker and the hot hardwood coals on the grill), comfortable and casual.  John Wayne would have felt quite at home here. The wait staff has always been awesome.  In the 12-15 year that I have been going to Dick's I have only had one bad experience with a member of the waitstaff, luckily they are gone now.The food is great in very specific areas, like the Carne Adovada, Blue Corn Smoked Turkey Enchiladas and Posole which are exceptional.  Smokey, spicy, tender and savory.  Sunday brunch with a plate of Carne Adovada and an over easy egg will make your entire year!  The quesadilla is solid, the hamburger is wonderful, the grilled shrimp and smoked foods rock!  When they stick to the New Mexican cuisine the food is heartwarmingly great.  When they stray... sometimes it works and most of the time it doesn't.  I usually steer away from the fish specials which usually are over breaded, over cooked, over sauced and unfortunate when it is all said and done. I also stay away from the salads which are over worked and heavy.The wine and beer selection are unexpectedly good for a neighborhood bar setting, but I usually go for the Prickly Pear Margarita!  Needless to say I weigh just under 200 lbs at 6 foot and two are sufficient to make me slur my words a touch, well, more than a touch (even with a full belly of Carne Adovada).  But it I enjoy every minute of the food, atmosphere, drinks and camaraderie at Dick's Hideaway!
5	We took all 4 girls to Dick's for lunch yesterday.  We had a little trouble finding it.   Dick's is very small and was quite busy.  We were lucky and they sat us at the bar without waiting.   This was our first visit and we really had no idea what to expect.  I did read the reviews and took a look at the menu so we thought it would be a good fit for us.  The server brought us menus and took our drink order.  We noticed that the cooking was taking place right in front of us at the bar.  The area is very small but they seemed to make it work.  We couldnt believe how large the servings were that the cooks were preparing.  We ordered and our food came to us about 15 minutes later.  It was VERY good to say the least.  The atmosphere was great.  The food was great.  It is a little pricey but worth it.The best way to sum it up is that my wife said "if this place was closer to home we would eat here alot".
2	What a mixed experience here.  First of all, this tiny place is in a stripmall (what isn't in a strip mall in Phoenix??!??!).  It's hardly visible with the darkened doorway and there's really no space to wait.  We arrived for brunch and they were packed. When we finally got seated, I was so excited to order the poached eggs rancheros.  My friend had the Carne Adovada, which had eggs, smoked pork, and potatoes and beans.  The waitstaff was so overly busy that it was hard to get a cup of coffee or even place our order.  We were seated at the bar and so I was able to watch them cook.  While they were juggling a bunch of dishes, I did notice that the cook put the eggs in to "poach" and left them forever.  Of course, when I got my meal, the eggs were so overcooked, they weren't even edible.  I would have returned the dish, but couldn't get any waitstaff's attention.  So, I ate the sides and some of my friend's food, which was excellent.  When it was finally time to get the check, I informed the waiter of my breakfast disaster and he simply shrugged his shoulders and took away the plate.  So much for good service.And, is the name of this place a euphemism for a certain part of women's anatomy, or is that just my sick mind?
4	Blue corn smoked turkey enchiladas
4	Color this native New Mexican girl IMPRESSED!! My family (on both sides) has lived in NM for many generations. So I would like to think I know my NM food (I can cook it up and I was raised on it.) This place had been on my list for quite a while now. I am always in search of good NM cuisine, especially when I am not in the mood to cook it all up myself. I had stopped in one Sunday morning and was unwilling to wait for a seat. So I turned around. Vowing to try it again another day. Well folks Friday (2/11) was that day. Parking on the other side of the chinese restaurant, I walked towards the entrance hoping I could get in, as it was a Friday after 6pm. My timing was impeccable. There were 3 open seats at the bar, but I only needed one. The restaurant is dimly lit and the aroma of smoke from their grill lightly permeates the restaurant. Smelled faintly of my grandmothers kitchen, as she still uses a large wood cook stove to prepare most of her meals. Taking a seat at the bar, the stools wobbled and I feared my phat ass would end up on the floor so I tried not to move around too much as I begin my wait. Admittedly they were busy and the place is quaint and cozy (aka small). . A couple that walked in 10 min after me claimed the 2 seats next to me at the bar and waited with me for another 5+ minutes. WHAT?! The waiter/manager walked up and handed them menus...as he turned to leave and fetch them some water, I turned back politely and asked him for a menu and water also. (Feeling a bit invisible as I had been waiting for a bit and couldn't get anyone's attention.) The man sitting next to me passed me his menu as he knew what he was already going to order. Receiving my water and finally able to place an order for a beer, I continued to watch the guys at work in the kitchen as the flames and red coals from the wood fired grill lured me into a daydream that distracted me from making a decision on what to order. Luckily to took them awhile to take my order. I couldn't make up my mind they had a great menu and some wonderful looking specials on the chalkboard behind me. Finally, I decided on the Taos Combo they had on the specials board, which included 2 Schriners New Mexican sausages, 2 bacon wrapped grilled shrimp and 2 rolled blue corn green chile enchiladas stuffed with cheese and lightly smokey cubes of pork and rice and beans of course. Once ordered it came out relatively quickly. Very generous portions served on their famous metal platters. Everything was delicious and well seasoned (simple). The flavors imparted on the sausages and shrimp from the wood grill were delicious and the shrimp were perfectly tender. The blue corn tortillas were real blue corn, not white corn with blue dye like I experienced at another restaurant recently. So much food I took more than half home for leftovers later. So why 4 and not 5 stars....I was pretty much invisible to the staff for the first 15 minutes of my visit. They did get busier later but they are experienced at handling a crowd. I shouldn't have had to wait so long initially.
5	One word can describe the food here:  perfection.All the meals I've had here has been absolutely delicious served by the most charming waitstaff.Someone recently told me their Chilean Sea Bass was the best he's ever had and I believe him . . . I can't wait to taste that dish!
4	I must say, while this place is small, the good is great.  The menu is paper and thrown away after your order is taken.  I guess it's the experience, but seems to be a little wasteful.  On with the food, it was great.I started with the Posole soup, which was rich in pork, spicy and definitely filling.  The soup is served on top of a tortilla which was a great addition.  I didn't have too much knowing I still had my main course ahead.  The cabbage and radish were great neutralizers of the spice.For the main dish, I had the Pork Chop Chorizo.  The pork chop was tender, juicy and well prepared.  The mango chutney sauce added complimented the pork very well.  Not much to say about the chorizo between the two slabs of chop.  I only went directly for the chorizo by itself once, because it tasted better in conjunction with the pork itself.  The side of veggies were grilled to perfection.  I totally forgot what the green chile potato (GCP) was and boy did I miss it.  I didn't finish it, but thoroughly enjoyed it as I was eating it.
4	Great place.  Great food.  A bit hard to find .....thus the name "hideaway".
5	DELICIOUS !!!  Very cool atmosphere, casual yet upscale, fun but not stuffy.  WONDERFUL food.  You have to try it.
4	This was an interesting dinner.  First, it was little bit of a pain in the ass to find, there isn't a big sign on top of the building, just small print on their glass door, but once we found it, it got even more fun, well, kind of.  The server was casual and down to earth, a little too casual.  He was pretty slow to bring out the drinks, and he told us, in his words, that he was "too busy" to read us the specials, so he dropped off his handwritten notes to our table and left for a while.  This was a little mind boggling since we were the only table in the dining area, and there were 2 people at the bar... But what I did appreciate from our server was his brutal honesty, my friend asked about the tamales, and he was really quick to say that it usually turns our dry, and that we shouldn't get it (she got it anyways and liked it).  I got the Richardson Combo (eggs benedict, asparagus and 2 chicken enchiladas), weird combo right? But they blended together really well as I ate them.  I thought the food was great, they had a garlic infused hollandaise sauce on the eggs benny and the asparagus, and the enchiladas were quite tasty.  I had little bites of other dishes my friends had, and they were all really good, especially this one pork dish, I don't remember its name, but it was a slow braised pork, and it was amazing! This place lost a lot of points because the server made a douchy move.  After we ordered, he asked if we wanted to start with any chips and salsa, him just asking I assumed they charged for it, but I didn't see it on the menu, so there was the possibility they don't charge for it, but we said yes anyways, and he asked if we wanted guac too, and we said sure (again, nowhere on the menu).  Chips and salsa were $5.50 and the guac was $6, what the hell!?!?! $11.50 for that! UGH!! It wasn't even that good!    To sum this up, amazing food (so amazing that it still gets a 4/5 after this terrible experience), not so great service.
5	Smoke pork is awesome, great breaktfast and happy hour menu, very friendly staff...GO!
4	Hoo-boy, did I feel like an idiot.I've been wanting to try Dick's Hideaway for some time now, being a lover of New Mexican cuisine.  My main stumbling block was not knowing where the hell it is.After circling the intersection several times and cursing my GPS I finally decided to park and wander around.  It's a good thing I did!After walking past the unassuming doors a few times (hence the idiot feelings) I finally saw the tiny menu stuck next to the storefront.  I cautiously went in.The interior is small to the extreme, but very cozy and well appointed.  The bar area was completely full so I stood by the door in the hopes of finding a hostess or server.  Ten minutes passed and again I felt like an idiot.  Finally a kind server took pity on me and seated me at the public table.  From here on out everything went smooth as butter.The menu was full of enticing food.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros Christmas style (red and green sauce).  The food was delivered quickly, and it was amazing.The eggs were cooked to perfection and the beans were well flavored.  I didn't intend on eating the seasoned red potatoes, really I didn't.  They were so perfectly cooked that I couldn't resist.  The red and green sauces were exactly what I was craving, perfectly spiced.Maybe there's a trick to Dick's Hideaway, a perfect time to come or a way to sneak a seat at the bar.  If I can solve the riddle you can bet I'll be back again and again.
4	Love this place.  Great drinks, both beer selection and wine list, and great happy hour.  Food was delicious, service fine, and very cool/small space.
5	This is the best breakfast in Phoenix and probably in the southwest! The filet mignon eggs Benedict is to die for. The rellenos are beyond perfect. U have to eat here!
3	Blackened scallops? Yep. Brunch? Yep.Southwest flare? Yep. Cocktails, happy hour, noisy bar, eclectic seating? Yep, yep yep yep. There's no sign on the door, no flash or flare, but if you scoot up the sidewalk from Luci's you'll find a door and behind that door... well you'll see!  If you turn left into the bar, it's a high-top, bistro style, kinda homey kinda shwank type of place. If you turn right it's saltio tile, booths and tables (and the loo) in the very typical Phoenix Mexican Restaurant visual tradition. Either way, the food is worth trying (but believe them when they warn you about the heat) and the atmosphere is comfortable. Now, you just have to find it!
5	this is the best hideaway in phx.  i don't really want to share this because its all ready getting way too popular.  sal, john, amy, and adam are the best servers in town.music is always great... food is always fantastic.  you can't go wrong... spending your $$$ and time there.
5	I was tipped off about this place by a co-worker.  We made a last minute decision to eat dinner here, instead of the Vig on Easter Sunday night.  So glad we did!  The food was awesome.  The Skewers were great and the BBQ flatbread pizza was huge.  We drove around a bit for fear of parking in a spot that wasn't the Hideaway's...but when we got inside there is a sign that says you can park ANYWHERE in the lot and not get towed.  Just an FYI.I thought the two guys that were tag-team bartending/serving were very attentive.  And I'm a server so my standards are kind high.
5	Small and hard to find first time there.  Aside from that great ambiance.  Small place with a very personal feel.  The menu has a lot of great options, but you can not miss the smoked turkey/ duck rellenos.  They are filled with amazing meat, topped with your cheese and you choice of red or green chili, every time i think about rellenos this is the first thing that pops into my head.  Service is great sometimes and fair others, but with food this good it easily makes up for it.  If you go for breakfast get a bloody mary, they serve it the traditional way with a beer back.
5	I will start this review by saying the name is very appropriate. This place is hidden. There is no sign on anything. After circling the parking lot a few times we finally called and we found it it was right next to the ace harware. As we walked in, I was instantly impressed. A very small spot where the bar doubles as the kitchen. The wood fired grill makes the whole place smell good and gives it the cozy vibe. They play great music, make strong drinks and have amazing food. I have ordered a bunch of different items and they all are great. I reccomend going with enchiladas  or pretty much anything on the menu. Beware though as the food always comes out extremely hot. Also, get there early as this place is tiny and fills up fast. The food is worth the wait for sure though. It also appears that they have a pretty good happy hour.
4	Perfect name for this joint! It is hidden away in a little strip-mall with no sign. If you didn't know it was there, you'd have a very hard time finding the place (especially for out-of-towners like me). This is a hip little tex-mex place with awesome food and a surprisingly beautiful wine selection. I went on one of those 20 person business dinners and we had a blast. Service was stellar and the food was outstanding!I had the blackened scallop quesadilla with shrimp and New Mexico sausage, rice and cowboy beans on the side (it was OUTSTANDING!). Everyone at the table was raving about their selections, so apparently everything is great. The servers had a vast knowledge of wine and were quick and attentive. Did I mention that the restroom was through the kitchen??? Hilarious place! Check it out if you're near!
5	Probably my favorite breakfast spot. Depending on my mood, this is how it's done, eggs are either over easy or poached:Shrimp enchiladas -- red and green chileHuevos Rancheros  -- red and green chileCarne Adovada  -- red only Lately, it's been a lot of enchilada, though I feel the huevos rancheros starting a resurgence!Breakfast entrees are about $10 -12 and worth every penny.
1	Great food.  Service is awful and rude!!!!!!!!!!!!  I always go here for brunch, but after my last experience I don't think I'll be back!
4	Not my extreme favorite, but this place is good for a nice date or even a first date... Food was good...  I was there for a get together birthday party, I found it rather small for that type of event... but otherwise...good
5	Good food, good ambiance, awesome service.
5	One of my favorite places to eat. Great ambiance-cozy but friendly and laid back. Food is incredible! I've been coming here for over 6 yrs and never left dissatisfied. If you want quality New Mexican cuisine, or just looking for a small, cool place to eat, find Dick's. It's the brown door without a sign.
4	Been eating here, and all their sister properties for years. I'll write more when I'm feeling more verbose, but had to quibble. THIS IS NOT TEX-MEX!!!! Hello Yelp, are you asleep at the switch on this? It's New Mexican, get it right. Calling it Tex-Mex is totally insulting to people from New Mexico. It would be like saying that Japanese and Chinese food is the same because they both use a lot of rice.
4	Just had dinner there. Prices were high for what I ordered, though I think I ordered wrong. I had the chicken breast stuffed with poblano pepper. The dish was pretty tasty though. I saw an amazing salad go by, and wish I ordered that or the sausages. Sigh.Update - I had their spinach salad there last night and it was pretty good. Still, I think their prices are high considering what you get. I'm going to stick with the 4/5 stars.
5	Searching yelp late one weeknight after work because I was burnt out, slightly hormonal and didn't feel like cooking, there didn't seem to be much open at 11pm that was "open now", but Dick's Hideaway popped up and the reviews were intriguing.  I had to go.So we went, knowing there was no sign and we'd have to look closely to find it, and sure enough we almost walked right by.  But once inside we were delighted.  A crackling fire with real wood burning, thick wood top tables and bartop - it was quaint but very small and the thought of it being shoulder to shoulder people at happy hour made me twitch - it just wouldn't be my scene.  I like peace and quiet and elbow room too much. It was perfect that we had just missed the busy time of night and had the server's full attention.  We asked some questions and got the history of the tiny hole-in-the-wall place as a former overflow outlet from Richardson's restaurant which burned down in July of 2009. Their menu was a bit overwhelming for me, with all of its New Mexico style food (because I wanted one of everything!), so the server brought us out an appetizer plate that wasn't even on the menu. 3 large bacon wrapped scallops, seasoned and blackened without being rubbery or overdone with rice, beans and 4 different sauces.  The flavors were distinct and each one was very different from the others.  Layers of flavor!  I fell in love. I didn't even need to order anything else (eyes always bigger than stomach).  I need to go back soon and try some of the stuff that actually ~is~ on the menu, but I'd like to catch it at another "off" time, when it isn't so crowded or noisy.
5	Hard to find, but worth the effort! The only sign you'll see is "additional parking in the rear" above the door.  Small, casual place; very intimate. Small wood burning grill adds a wonderful smell to the ambiance.$5 dollar mimosa and bloody mary's for breakfast worth every penny.  Friendly attentive staff (bonus: even offered a beer chaser with the bloody-something you don't find very often outside of the Midwest).I had Carne Adavado and my husband had the eggs Benedict. Everything was delish! Served on hot plates (kept our breakfast warm til we were finished).  Highly recommend.Can't wait to go back!
5	Oscar Mike Golf!  With a side of Whiskey, Tango, Foxtrot.  How is this so good.  How am I summoning the willpower to type as I am floating in a wonderful world where there is no such thing as war, disease, corrupt politicians.  Where there are no people who cut you off on the I-10 only to realize they don't need to and promptly go back to their lane, and then realize they wanted back into my lane after all, giving my brakes the workout of their lives, damn you random teenager.   I give my heartfelt thanks to whatever noble bovine prince gave up his life so that I might have such a wonderful, spectacular meal.  And also my thanks to Dick's Hideaway, for giving me this moment to revel in this dream world composed of nothing but delicious flavors and complete food coma.True to its name, Dick's Hideaway has no signage proclaiming its location, quietly residing on the northwest corner of 16th St and Bethany Home Road.  Of course, it needs no signage either, with its legions of fans and great reviews.  Walking in today around 1pm, the bar was full, and there were only 3 tables in the main room, but our server let us use a table/booth in the adjoining room.  It was a little daunting having this room to ourselves, surrounded by hundreds of bottles of wine, but the comfortable booth we were in helped, with pillows bountiful in number and cushy, as well as the flat screen on ESPN.  Having been here numerous times but not for nearly a year, I called up a number of old favorites, getting the Pasta Heidi, Carne Adovada, and the Richardson's combination.Pasta Heidi was a beautifully presented and tasting dish, with green chile linguine covered in an addicting chipotle cream sauce, topped with grilled chicken.  This hit all the right notes, in terms of texture re: the linguine, creaminess of the sauce, lingering spicyness of the chipotle, tenderness of the chicken.  The tortilla that lined the bowl underneath was given no mercy, as it had soaked up all the wonderfulness above it.  Carne Adovada was the previously alluded to pinnacle of porcine expression.  Whereas the Pasta Heidi was wonderful with multiple levels of flavor woven together in harmony, this was more in your face with each aspect fighting to the forefront.  An initial smokiness greets you when tongue meets pork, followed by spiciness of the red chile sauce and savoriness of perfectly cooked, ridiculously tender pork, and returning once more to the smoky.  There has never been a war so happily fought as the one these flavors battled for supremacy over your taste buds.  You might be confused for a moment after that first bite, asking yourself did that really just happen?  I assure you, it did, and to take another bite.  Conversation died off at the table as we were quietly in awe of these dish.Finally, the combination plate I ordered had asparagus, chicken enchiladas in green chile sauce, and a single portion of eggs benedict.  The asparagus was competently prepared as was the chicken enchiladas, but lacking the depth of flavors found in the other dishes.  The eggs benedict however was superlative in its own right, with a perfectly poached egg on top.  A gentle tap with my fork had that yolk spreading like golden bliss over beef tenderloin and english muffin, all crowned with a jalapeno-infused Hollandaise sauce.  With these 3 entrees and coffee, iced tea, and sprite, it came out to be $57, so this restaurant could never be called cheap, but even with tip bringing it to $72, I would say that after leaving I feel we still got the better of this exchange.Dick's Hideaway.  I bow to you in humble appreciation, and will return for more time and time again.
3	Yelp Rating: High; Expectations: High; Reality: So-so. I ordered what the server recommended (Carne Adovada), but there just wasn't a lot of flavor (a rare fluke?). I think I'm going to have to go back to make sure I'm not missing something.
3	i have been going to this place for years! and i love it.  not only is the food and atmospher amazing but the SERVERS are.  if it were not for servers like Amy, Sal, John, and Adam i probably would not be a regular.  these 4 remember your favorite drink and make dinning out great! I was dissapointed to find out Amy was no longer with the hideaway back in april. :(and WTF  i've watch a new hire(s) come and go since Amy left... and all i have to say is; what is managment thinking?   you are not hiring anyone who can compete with amy! i feel personality is priceless and i'd rather be waited on by someone with a warm smile who is sincere versus someone who just needs a job because the economy is bad and they are desperate enough to wait tables.  Come on! i really hope dicks hideaway starts seeing how amazing their staff is now and over time continues to maintain that quality.  as for now i will continue to to keep dicks hidaway my #1 place to eat and have a drink but if Sal, John, and Adam are gone... i guess i'll go find the new place they are working at.
4	They were onto something when they named this place Dick's Hideaway. My friend and I felt like we were on a treasure hunt to find this hidden gem. We passed it probably 3 times as it is disguised with a sign that says "Additional Parking in Rear". No sign with their name but they are right next door to Luci's Grocery Store on the Northwest corner of 16th Street and Bethany Home.Once we finally found the speak-easy like restaurant we were surprised at how small it was. There was a bar section that could seat a max of 10 people and then 3 booths against the wall. There was a room next door with an extensive wine cellar and tables big enough for 6-8 people. The room was dimly lit to give it an intimate feel but not too gag-me-with-a-spoon romantic as there were several flat screen TVs with the DBack's game on. They have a wood burning stove that gives the restaurant a campfire smell...making it seem that you're in the middle of nowhere in the wild west at a divey saloon (but much more classy).On to the good stuff...I had researched the menu prior to getting there to give myself an idea of what they had. I was excited to see that they had breakfast and then sorely disappointed when I found out it's only served until 4 PM. Yelp considers this place Tex-Mex but I would have to disagree and say that it's definitely got a taste of the 505 (New Mexico speak for those of you that aren't in the know).As I mentioned in my previous review, whenever I go to Mexican style restaurants, I will judge them by their enchiladas. I decided to be on the wild side tonight and try something different. I went with the Carne Adovada since the server advised it was spicy and I like it hot and a glass of the Malbec. My friend opted to get the red, white, and blue enchiladas.While I normally love Malbecs, this one was more on the "eh" scale as it was too earthy and overly ambitious with the tannins. So if you like a strong red wine, this one is for you!We got our food and they were not joking when they said the plate was hot. You can get third degree burns from those steel embossed cowboy-like plates. Also, if you are watching your calories or trying to control your portions...this is definitely not the place as the servings could feed two people. The Carne Adovada was delicious...the meat was tender, juicy, with a red chile kick and topped with a layer of melted gooey cheddar cheese. The rice and beans were tasty and the homemade tortilla made the meal complete. My friend let me try her enchiladas and let me tell you - they do not disappoint! Next time I will definitely be getting those!We were in a food coma getting ready to go home and put on the stretchy pants when we were informed that there was a massive dust storm taking over metro Phoenix. I felt like I was back in CO experiencing a blizzard of sand. So we decided to stick around for a bit longer. Good thing we did because we wouldn't have been able to try, by far, the greatest flan I've ever tried. Dare I say better than my mom's flan? Gasp...I would dare say so! The flan was delicately creamy with just the perfect amount of sweetness in every bite. I've never had a flan that was a mousse-like texture and not custardly. Hope you like flan cuz that's the only dessert they have there!Overall, I give Dick's Hideaway a 4 because I can't give them a 4.5. The service was great and our server was friendly. The food, ambiance, and good company made the night. I will most definitely be returning to the hideaway known as Dick's.
4	Hidden with no signs Dicks is a gem.  Great quality food and service.Try the cocktails they rock. Laugh but their beans and rice are my favorite.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said?  They weren't lying when they named it a hideaway.  I never would have known about it had an old roommate not taken me for lunch one day.  And now, it's my boyfriend's and my go-to spot.  My favorite is the chile rellenos (duck and pork with green sauce), although my boyfriend gets something different every time and is never disappointed.  The chiles are always spicy which I LOVE because nothing is ever spicy to me and this is one of the few places that has been able to make me reach for a glass of water.  It's a cozy place that almost reminds me of the inside of a hunting cabin that's been decorated up for fine dining.  They have a decent selection of wines and other bar items.  As far as seating goes, expect to wait for a bit unless you get lucky because it's a tiny "dining room".  All I can say is, "Go eat there!"  It's really amazing food and a really unique atmosphere.  Definitely worth the hunt.
5	Consistently good food!  Good iced tea.  Cooked in front of you if seated at the bar.  The beef tenderloin quesadilla is unreal.  A little pricy, but worth it.  The salsa (red) is perfect to me with a unique tang.  This is good food.  I see the same staff there for years, this tells me something about the owner-must be a decent guy.  Very charming and unique setting.  Next time you check it out, if you can find it, ask about why the shower is in the Bathroom!  I kind of hope you dont find it so all the good stuff is left for me!
5	Great service.  Nice ambiance.   Met several old friends for dinner and to catch up.   The side room with the 3 large tables on a weeknight was perfect.   We were not rushed and our waiter was cool with us hanging out for 3 hours.The food was very good and is on my recommend list.  Anxious to try more of the menu
3	So I went here for lunch today with my dad and my grandma and I thought it was just ok... definitely not as good as everyone made it seem. We had a little trouble finding it, as there is no sign, but it is right next to Luci's market. The set up is a bit weird with a bar and then a couple huge tables in the back. We sat at the really big table with just three of us. I ended up ordering the New Mexican platter that had a chili relleno, tamale, and chicken burro with green sauce and red sauce on the side. I asked or no beans, but I got em anyway, which actually turned out fine because I liked their beans (i usually am not a fan). My dad got the blue, white, and yellow (?) corn enchiladas. His was actually better than mine in my opinion. However, I thought the best item was the tamale... i think it had pork in it, not sure, but it was quite tasty. The relleno wasn't anything special and I actually really did not like the chicken burro... so much so that I only had a few bites of it. The chicken tasted weird... like maybe it was boiled in dirty water or something... not good. at all. So overall it wasn't bad, but I wouldn't want to pay 15$ when 2/3s of the food was meh or less. If I did go back, I think I would stick with the pork, that seemed to be the winning meat at this restaurant... and really, when isn't it?
4	We went on a Tuesday night and my friend and I shared the entire restaurant with two other people. Huge wine rack on one wall, candles on the tables and pillows on the booth seats. Portions were large and food was hot off the stove. I can see how the limited seating can fill up quickly though.
5	This review will reveal itself in...5....4....3...2...1...Consider finding this review the equivalent of finding the front door to Dick's Hideaway. This restaurant definitely lives up to its name. Everything about it is hidden! The front door? Don't look for a sign. The true regulars know what door leads them to Dick's. The back entrance? Don't expect direction. Those who need to know where the back entrance does, and those who don't will walk around aimlessly until they find the front door. How about the bathroom lock? Don't worry, you won't have to go with an unlocked door, but it will take you time to find it...hint: it looks like a metal rod that's a part of the door. One thing Dick's doesn't hide from you is the quality of their food. Completely delicious. I don't think you can go wrong with anything you order here. The enchiladas melt in your mouth, the chips and guac are good (ask for the flour chips-- thanks Aileen!) I went for the New Mexico Platter and all I can say is how! I was given a rellenao, chicken burro and tamale to try. Yes, it all kind of blended together but only because every bite was just as delicious as the next. It's spicy, it's cheesy, it's creamy, it's sassy (yes, I said sassy!)...it's just delicious. I tried my hardest to finish the meal but I only got maybe half way through (maybe less). It's a LOT of food and you could easily share. Now be warned before you visit, this is a hideaway and that means, it's not big. Originally, there used to be maybe room for 15 people total. But now they have a room that fits about 30 more and it's perfect for a large group, but be sure to make a reservation!
5	This place was highly recommended by a Seattle friend who had lived in Phoenix for years. I was desperately looking for a weekend breakfast place after a month living in the valley. WHY GO THERE? My friend's exact words were: "I'm about to change your life. Tomorrow go to Dick's Hideaway on 16th and Bethany Home. And it doesn't stand for what you think it does. There's no sign so look up the address. Be prepared to wait or eat at the bar. No bullshit the best breakfast place if not restaurant in the world."He wasn't  kidding when he said no business sign out the building. We almost missed the place, but it's worth the second drive around the block.WHATCHAGOT? I got the Tenderloin Benedict, which is not cheap for a breakfast entree, but all worth it. My companion had the Huevos Rancheros. I love protein in my breakfast. Remember when they say breakfast is the most important meal of the day? At Dick's Hideaway, it's the truth!YOU GOT SERVED. Service is quick and friendly. Water is brought out as soon as you're seated. The food is hot, and so is the metal plate it's on. I'm glad to find this hidden gem. Dick, whoever you are, you can come out of hiding.
5	I loved Richardson's and this place is the "same" - same menu, etc...the ambiance is terrific here and the server was very prompt and attentive.  I had a lovely Perrier with lime and ice to start - and ordered the Red River Chile sopa.  Let me just say if you don't enjoy spicy, don't bother with this soup.  It contained, beef, red chile, cheese and beans (dollop of salsa fresca).  Very rich flavor from the red chile and a nice kick.  Next, I had the chicken quesadillas - cheesy, crispy and enjoyable.  It came along with a red salsa and a green tomatillo-based salsa.  Great flavors and very fresh food along with a warm, cozy atmosphere.  I will definitely be back!
5	wow!!! if you like spicy food you will love this place!!! huge portions and will you not be disappointed!!!!
5	I am shocked and amazed to find that I did not write a review for Dick's Hideaway.  This place is so good I had three meals in a row here, and I would gladly do it again.  Not only are they open for my odd hours with incredible food, but if memory serves, they have actual draft rootbeer.  When in town, highly recommend ya drop by... if you can find the door... :)
4	Love, love, love. That's if you can find it, of course.  This gem is really tucked away - hence, the "hideaway."  Dick's is unmarked in the strip mall at 16th and Bethany between the hardware store and Luci's.  It makes for the perfect Saturday or Sunday brunch spot, as long as you don't mind dark (low light / no windows) quarters.  They have great Sunday mimosa specials - $5! Can't beat that! My favorite dishes are the traditional Mexican dishes. Hands down, the chicken enchiladas with both red and green sauce are the best. The chips / salsa rock too - although it's not complimentary. Diner beware... their mexican food is spicy, so order a margarita or a glass of milk to dull the spice.Oh, and check out the back bathroom - funny and odd (not the one off the kitchen).
5	Carne Adovada is killer here.  The people are great, so are the drinks.  They have a great wine list and a stellar breakfast menu.  I live near the place and walk there a lot.
5	Sooo tasty, same menu as richardsons. I recommend the garlic plate if you love garlic, and don't have plans to interact with people the next day. ;)  otherwise everything I've tried is delicious!
1	I've now tried this place several times.    I want to like it, and I rarely write bad reviews, but, UGH!   The cost versus what you get is so out of whack that I'm compelled to write.   The food is very HEAVY/greasy, it's expensive ($100.00 for 3 people) for what you get, and the preparation is poor at best.   My friends had the steak and the carne adobada, I the rellenos.   We had the garlic dish, which sadly didn't come before the meal but, rather with it.    But, even that is that wasn't a big deal.   However, sadly, all of us pretty much confirmed that the meals, had we made them at home, we would have tossed and taken the family out.   People seem to want to compare this place with Richardson's due to similar DNA, unfortunately the place is not anywhere near as good as Richardson's was and I can't really put a finger on why.If you like heavy, greasy, premium priced food, then this place is for you.
5	When Richardson's burned, I was crushed. The only thing that got me through the sorrow was the knowledge that Dick's had survived. The Hideaway was such a great local secret - waving to the hostess at Richardson's, walking through the kitchen and to the back entrance to an spot at Dick's always felt like I was a VIP in an exclusive group.  I no longer live in walking distance, but still make it back for their fantastic food.Instead of reviewing the dishes (already well covered here), I'll just issue this statement - for those that can't handle spice, it may be difficult to find something truly bland here.  I love the melange, but some tender-tongues I've brought with me have been a little disappointed.Okay, you got me - I couldn't leave without a couple food comments!  You cannot go wrong with the mixed grill special - no matter what it is.  Hell, any of the specials, really.  It's been so long since I ate from the regular menu that I just keep up to date by stealing smells and bites from my friends.  And I still love that GCP, but am one of the few that is NOT a fan of the Pasta Heidi (to me, it's just okay, you know?).Oh, and if you could do me the favor of ignoring my five star review and never coming to this place, I'd appreciate it.  I like still coming here and having my seat available.  Thanks.
5	The best Breakfast I have had in at least 10 years. When we walked in the whole place had this wonderful mesquite campfire smell. The carne asada I ordered was amazing. It had the perfect amount of charred, smoky, red chille flavoring and made this one memorable meal.
5	possibly one of the best dinning experiences ever...super friendly and attentive staff. unbelievably great food in a chill atmosphere. what a true gem!!!
4	I really enjoyed my meal here.  It doesn't seem like they care about whether or not you're impressed, but they're confident you'll enjoy your experience.  A friend, who is a regular, brought me.  Obviously, as an out-of-towner, I never would have found this place on my own.  It's not a place you simply stumble across.  It's definitely not inexpensive, but I wouldn't say it's outrageously priced.  You get what you pay for: fine food, prepared well, served in a pretty cool space.  It's New Mexican cuisine.  I'm not sure what, exactly, that means, but there were a lot of chillies and tortillas.  There's not a whole lot of seating, so you may or may not get seated right away.  And I think they discourage bringing children, although I don't think they're necessarily unwelcome.  Also, I guess they have excellent breakfast, although I ate dinner when I went.
5	Best breakfast in town. Carne Adovada is amazing, I could live off of the green chili potato, the rellenos are still my favorite.. Big, fat and strong mimosas (you know how a mimosa should be). You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I recently tried the posole and bought another bowl to take home. It's just that good!
4	Brought a foodie friend here for brunch. I had the Benedict Combo and my friend had (upon recommendation from a brand new waitress - apparently it was her first day - I'll forgive her mispronouncing adovada as avadova as she was very sweet, but please get to know the menu!) Vic's Green Chile Meatloaf and Eggs. The meatloaf was ok, but she said she wished she had ordered Rellenos or the Carne Adovada instead, and she raved about the jalapeno hollandaise and the tenderness of the beef tenderloin that the perfect eggs Benedict sat upon (I always share). Still loved the ambiance and the service was lovely.
2	People what are you thinking with the high ratings here? This hole in the wall has very limited space on the bar side and we waited at least 45 minutes for a table. Once seated at a table I felt I was going to fall on my ass BC of the wobbly stool.The place is super dark so you can barely read the menus or see what your eating. I ordered the New Mexican platter at $16.00 - tamale, chicken burro enchilada, chili relleno, rice and beans. The chile relleno was so tough I couldn't even cut it with a knife. I had the waitress take it back and the cook said that's the way they are! My tamale was mostly corn and I've had better at Costco's free samples on weekends and the chicken burro was dry. For the money they charge here i thought my dish was overpriced and lacked taste & quality. With all the authentic Mexican Restaurants in Phoenix I would suggest going elsewhere for comfort and taste. The best thing here was the Stella on tap - ice cold! The service here was good but I felt sorry for the waiters and waitresses BC I saw at least 3 party's leave BC they didn't want to wait. I would not return here again - overpriced and overrated!
4	This is another great place on what is becoming a great intersection for drinks - 16th St and Bethany Home.  I love it.I've never been here for food, but I'm looking forward to it.  I like that you kind of eat and drink at the bar, and the bathroom is hidden somewhere in the kitchen.  And I also like that there isn't a sign outside and you just have to know where the place is.Drinks are of good price considering the warm, upscale(ish) atmosphere of the place.  They also have a happy hour, during which you get a free snack-sized piece of food alongside your discounted drinks.  At last check they did a reverse happy hour also, which I'm a sucker for.Why the minus-1 star?  I took a very large group of people on a bar crawl through my favorite intersection, and Dick's Hideaway was one of the stops.  We literally filled the place.  I accidentally broke a Stella glass (the true form of accident, not the drunk kind), and the bartender was pretty rude about it.  But that won't stop me from going back.
5	I love this place for brunch on a weekend. I have tried several things from the menu but my favorite is the Richardsons combo.  The combo adds a pair of enchiladas and asparagus with hollandaise sauce to eggs benedict jalapeno. The eggs benedict jalapeno is totally awesome, if you have not tried it your really missing out on something special. Everyone I have brought here has loved it.
4	This is literally a hidden gem on 16th Street and Bethany Home. There is no signage outside so you just have to find it. The place is TINY, essentially a bar and a few tables and a function room behind the usually closed door by the entrance. As with their sister restaurant Rokerij, the smell of burning wood permeates the place. They serve beer and cocktails and have a good selection of wine. The food here is great. If you don't mind waiting this is a great place for brunch. The green chile meatloaf is probably my favorite-it is served over a tortilla with beans and two eggs. OH IT IS SOOOOO GOOD!!!! I also had green chile stew which was fantastic as well. One of my favorite places to hit in Phoenix.
5	OMG I LOVE DICK'S! Wow that sounds bad, but it's so true! On New Year's day, we went for brunch and it was utterly delicious. I had the Dick's combo: two chicken enchilada's, a jalepeno egg benedict and asparagus with hollandaise sauce ($15). It was all so flipping good! My man swears by the breakfast burrito with chorizo, and his ma got Huevos Ranchero's. Everything looked amazing and smelled so good! I wish I could eat Dick's every day~!! Dick's Hideway of course!
5	Loved it! Everything from the food, restaurant and service was great! We sat at the bar and it was fun watching the chefs cooking from behind the counter.We had the two most raved about plates from what I've read: Carne Adovada and Pasta Heidi. Both did not disappoint.The plates came out piping hot; in temperature and flavor. The pork was very moist and tasty. The rice and beans accompanied the pork well. The spicy green chile cream sauce in the pasta was delicious. The pasta had nice texture and the chicken was juicy with nice grilled flavor. Who would've thought tortillas would go well with pasta. Although, this was probably placed on the plate to hold the sauce in with the pasta. Well, we used it with the pasta was we would with a piece of garlic bread. The servings were large and enough for sharing and then some. The restaurant might be a little hard to find since it is sort of a "hideaway". We didn't have too much trouble since I did some homework before coming here. Thanks to our gps to locate which corner it was on, the reviewer that mentioned it was next to Lucy's to narrow it down to an area, and the online menu that I previewed prior to coming to find the front door of this place. LOL. We luckily pulled up into a parking space right in front of their door and I immediately recognized their menu displayed outside from previewing it online.Must go back for brunch one day!
4	We had trouble finding this place, but man was it worth it. Talk about a mans-man kind of spot. There is no sign, there's a random wooden door with a joke about stray children on it. When you walk in, a waft of smoked meat hits you. You see the grill, the full prohibition style bar, the huge bar level bucket of ice containing bottles of beer, it was a lot to take in. The food--excellent. It was hardy, large portions, perfect for taking men out for brunch and having them feel full. It's a meat-driven menu, but there is a lot of options including scrambled eggs and pancakes for the less adventurous. Definitely a locals only spot we infiltrated. We sat at the bar since there were only 4 tables in the bar area, which only improved the experience. We talked with the owner, saw the meat turn and met strangers over mimosas. Great joint.
4	This place is called many things from Rokerij(y), Richardsons, and Dick's Hideaway. We went and grabbed breakfast and it was ok but pretty pricey for what we got. I was not a fan of the filet mignon breakfast or the way they do the beans on the tortillas but it was an ok experience. The next time we decided to try it for an early dinner but then decided to sit at the bar since happy hour is 5$ for appetizers(small plates). This is where the place really shines. The onion rings are the best I have had, The filet mignon skewers were excellent. The bacon wrapped shrimp were good but nothing to write about, but the prime ribsliders were top notch. We left with a small bill after a few drinks and some good food and vowed to go with friends again soon. Go at happy hour and sample some small plates.
1	One star from a vegan perspective. This is a great restaurant if you love meat and cheese. You can even get away with being vegetarian here if you like lots and lots of cheese. But when I asked the waitress if there was anything on the menu that could be made without cheese, she looked at me like I was retarded and said, "You really should just order a salad."I knew what I was getting into when we came here, so I was prepared to eat something doused in cheese, but I bet other restaurants/chefs would have at least tried to accommodate a request like that. I even asked if the chili relleno could be stuffed with the beans/rice side dish instead of cheese, and the waitress said no (the beans are made with pork broth anyway, so it was a moot point). Oh well. It is very rich and tasty food, but if you are strict vegan and you come here with a group (which would be the only reason a vegan would even walk in the door), eat at home or plan to stop at Green afterwards.
5	Best Southwest Mexican Food in Phoenix.
4	I have no idea what planet our server was on, but the food was perfect.
4	Went to Dick's on the recommendation of the New Times Best of Phoenix issue. It's a little hard to find, but I guess it lives up to its name. It's cozy; it's little more than a long bar, a kitchen and a few tables. However, this small restaurant delivered some big flavors. I had a burrito dish that the bartender said was the place's signature dish. The pulled pork inside the burrito was delicious, and it was topped with cheese and a bold, spicy red pepper sauce.There are no frills here. The sole TV was small and playing a Spanish soccer match when I went. With a lack of distraction and close quarters, you'd better have a good conversationalist when you go.
5	I won't rave on and on as you have probably already read everything that I am going to say. This place is awesome! The french toast, sausage, and (drum roll please)the carne adovada are among my favorite dishes. The bloody marys are great too! They actually come with a side of beer. This place is hard to find. Just look for the hardware store in the the plaza and it will be directly to the left of it, and to the right of Luci's!!!
4	Small restaurant but very good. The gumbo was excellent as we're the flatbreads. Super service as well.  Dinner here was a highlight of our trip to Scottsdale.
5	This is one place I can eat dinner every night (and brunch, too).  I have been going here for years and it has never disappointed!
5	BEST FRENCH TOAST BREAKFAST!!!I don't know what they put in the toast, but its sooo good to last bite!  This place is a bar in heart of Phoenix, and its an unlikely breakfast place, but it is and it sooo GOOD! oops I said that already.YOU MUST GO!
5	This place is really a hole in the wall, literally the space between two pieces of drywall.  There are no restaurant signs.  After going up and down 16th street, I put my stubbornness aside and called Dick's to find out where they were located.Their plates come out hot like straight from the oven.  I tried the eggs benedict jalapeno.  There was a good size cut of meat on the benedict.  Including the potatoes, beans and tortilla made it really filling. I also tried the carne adovada and eggs.  The pork was nice and soft with a lot of flavor.This place is definitely worth trying.
4	When they say Dick's is hard to find, they aren't kidding, but it's worth hunting for! Both the breakfast quesadilla and the enchiladas and eggs were outstanding, and there were a ton of other menu items that sounded delicious. The owner even came by our table and was very friendly.I'm knocking off a star because the service was a little slow at times, and our decaf refills were only tepid, but we'll come back for sure.
5	This place has amazing food! I have been so satisfied with my breakfast visits! Get the Carne Adovada and eggs it is the best!
5	Thanks to the tips from other Yelpers, we rolled right up to the unmarked double doors. Hidden next to a coffee bar is little gem of a restaurant...and I mean little. My boyfriend and I got there around 7 on a Saturday night and shared a large table with another group. We loved the ambiance, and their no nonsense attitude, and the food does not disappoint! We started with a bowl of posole, then I got the sea bass special, and he got the gumbo. It would seem that everything on the menu is ridiculously fabulous! We will definitely make this a regular spot for us.
5	This is a great little place that is tucked away on the northwest corner of 16th street and Bethany Home right next to Luci's.  It originally branched off from the old Richardson's that burned down a couple of years ago.  The menu offers a great variety of some delicious New Mexican food.  The atmosphere here is great but place is very small, although they do have a larger room for a bigger party off to the right when you walk in.  The larger room an be reserved for special occasions with a $500 deposit.  I personally enjoy having Sunday brunch here early with my parents or a couple of my closest girlfriends.  They offer a $5 bloody mary or mimosa all day Sunday!
5	I hadn't been to Dick's for years, so I was so glad to find out that it still exists!  I was also happy to find out that the food is still just as good as I remember it!  I won't wait so long between visits now!  I would highly recommend trying it out!
1	Not sure what the hype is all About, way overpriced and the pork chili was way to spicy , also was freezing cold inside, not a great dining experience
4	Extremely hard to find, but the food and service is well worth it.
4	This place has charm - and their food is certainly above average - especially if you're a fan of New Mexican cuisine (which I'm not) you'd be hard pressed to find a better example of it.  The plates are all flavorful, well executed, and are served in highly sharable portions.  DH does a great job of creating the classy dive bar experience - limited seating in a dark cave - highly conducive to meeting your neighbors and starting conversation.   Some of the items can get a little pricy considering the atmosphere - but Dick's does a good job of balancing out the menu with more affordable items too.  ITwo things:  1.  there is a good chance you will be sitting under an air condition vent or fan - so if you're not a fan of having air blown in your face or get cold easily - you might consider wearing a jacket.  2.  since the wood fired stove is part of the experience - you'll likely end up leaving with a distinct campground odor upon leaving the establishment - not always a bad thing - but something to keep in mind when deciding on where to grab drinks pre-opera.
3	i have been here a few times for breakfast and i always have the spicy eggs bene which i like this last week i took my brother and sister in law for lunch i was takin back by the prices (not that breakfast is cheap but lunch is a little over the top price wise) if i remember the lunch menu is in the 15.95 and up range .dont get me wrong i dont mind paying if the value is there i guess maybe the lunch menu basically mexican seems pricey service was good unfortunatley the beer was not very cold
5	Driving down 16th st sometimes you can smell what they cook, so you HAVE to go inside,  hungry or not. The best on the menu is,  in my opinion, smoked turkey enchilada. Tamales are not the greatest but there are so many other things to choose from. Sitting at the dark bar I got to know many people who go there "all the time" . There is no street sign but they don't need it. The place is just great.
5	By far my favorite meal in Scottsdale/Phoenix this past weekend.If you don't want the back-story just skip to the bottom paragraph for how the food is...My hockey team had a tourney this past weekend in Scottsdale/Phoenix area and my girlfriend and I are referred to as "Yelp snobs" by family and friends.  After an extremely long night of drinking, dancing and hot tubs, I woke up with a huge appetite.  My girlfriend and I had been eating healthy-ish all weekend and I wanted a ton of carbs.  I read the reviews about this place and decided we needed to go.We drove about 10 miles to get here, which seemed far at the time but really wasn't. ha  When we arrived the first thing we noticed was that the only sign they have is a sign that basically states unattended children shouldn't be here. AWESOME!  We walk in and there is a little bit of a line, so I assume there will be a wait.  Nope the busser/host immediately started sitting everyone in line.  He took us to a large table in a room filled with wine shelves all over.  It was a family style table that seats 8 with about 3 people sitting down.  We took a seat next to a regular who gave us great incite on this place as well as some of the inside jokes that are on the menu... Mary Patty's Special.  Just saying sometimes the people you meet can make the experience a thousand times better.  If we hadn't meet James we still would have truly enjoyed Dick's.Service - I hardly ever saw my waiter.  He came every now and then but didn't seem to interested in our table... however the busser is another story.  He honestly kept me full of coffee and water the entire time.  He was such a mover I honestly want him to work at my restaurant if I owned one.  This guy definitely made me think about my waiter in a bad way because of how good he was... I really really hope that they tip the busser out well because he is the one I wish I handed my bill to after the meal was over.  Just stellar service. Now on to the food.  My girlfriend ordered huevos rancheros with over easy eggs and green sauce and I ordered breakfast enchiladas, over easy eggs and green sauce.  Both of these meals came with a LARGE side of beans (spicy and tasty) and a good breakfast potato.  When I saw the size of my plate my eyes lit up.  My girlfriend and I spent about an hour and a half eating our brunch.  When we both decided we were done we still had about a 1/3 of the plate leftover.  Since we didn't have a fridge at the hotel we decided we shouldn't take home the leftovers... It was the hardest decision I have ever made.  When I come back next year to Scottsdale for the hockey tourney I will be coming back to Dick's Hideaway and ordering some thing else on the menu.  I really hope the busser is there and he has been promoted to server.  Great place and highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Explosive smells and tastes.  Carne Adovado - must eat!  And yes, it's hard to find, totally unlabeled, but the address is correct and on the door.
4	Whatever you do do not eat breakfast here on the weekends.  I have a hard enough time finding a seat at the bar without you taking up valuable space.  This place has a great meatloaf and eggs, and their take on eggs Benedict is awesome - the pork is like Canadian bacon on steroids.  Not literally on steroids, I am sure it is free range pig - but really thick, lean slices of good pork.  Add a bloody Mary, and you truly have the breakfast of champions.  Or at least breakfast for someone with a mild hangover that wants to get the day going.  Happy hour is also great, I think they still run the $5 wine specials and a free appetizer is sometimes served at the bar top.  Overall one of my favorite bars in the area.
5	This is my absolute favorite place to eat in Phoenix.Their brunch cannot be beat. The service is always spot on, friendly and they never leave you without a beverage. I order the bloody mary, which is only $5 during brunch and is served not only in a very big glass but comes with a beer chaser. My meal of choice is the Enchiladas and Eggs : you get your choice of enchilada, choice of red or green sauce and eggs any style. They are served with potatoes and beans.It may be the most perfect breakfast ever. It is served piping hot on a metal plate, straight from an oven. The cheese is bubbly, the potatoes perfectly soft on the inside and slightly crisp on the outside, the pinto beans are silky and the eggs and red sauce just pull the dish together. You really can't go wrong with this place, it is a gem. It is a must for brunch!
2	Expensive. Ordered lamb medium rare, and got it rare/blue was still good, center was cold. Filet was ordered rare but arrived medium/well, waiter was curt and disagreed that my steaming hot brown and light pink meat was actually rare, um no. The meat was dried out and there was no blood in sight. They fixed it but no apologies. Pork tenderloin was dried out. Veggies were fantastic. Could be more friendly, especially when you drop $140 on two people.
4	The carne adovada was pretty good, as well as the chicken quesadilla.  No signs on the door, must find by street number which is clearly displayed.
5	I lived in Phoenix for about 7 months during 2011 and the one-time meal I had here was one of the culinary highlights.Found it by Yelping and was not disappointed. Not the most affordable meal by any stretch. More like LA/NY prices but definitely worth it.Visited around 5pm on a weekday and the place was dark. It's supposed to be dark, I was told. I ordered the steak and shrimp tacos and they were excellent. From the moment my face started to melt (was sitting at the bar near the grill) to the moment I saw the cheese melt on the plate, I was hooked the whole way...and then I ate the whole thing in 4 minutes. Fully Yelp-driven, that was my one and only visit.I can't wait to go back.
5	I rate this place five stars because it is as good as it gets.  Forget the dummies that complain about it being dark, small, like a bar, too spicy, too meaty, whatevs.  The food is great if you are into spicy SW Cuisine, similar to what you find in Santa Fe. My wife and I have enjoyed the shrimp pizza with smoked cheese multiple times (hint, dip it in red sauce).  Blackened chicken caesar is awesome.  Posole is phenomenal, and I also love enchiladas and eggs. Bloody Mary is drink of choice at this place, but they do serve nice wines.
3	I've been to this place twice now and haven't found the delicious meal everyone speaks of yet.  Had pizza the first time and it was so-so .. Had huevos rancheros today and the sauce was so overpowering.  The potatoes and beans were good though... The extra $2 on sausage I could have done without but I wanted to try it :) I'm going to check this place out again and try something different.... If at first you don't succeed try try again. I like the ambiance and yes prices are a lil high but the place is little what do you expect... it's the exclusivity factor
4	Really neat place, named appropriately so.Like others mentioned, there's no sign outside. (It's right next to Luci's on 16th st! )I usually sit at the big copper community table. I have never been anywhere else that I get to look at a stranger's meal right next to me. I've also never been anywhere that said stranger offers to share their three cheese pizza with me! score! (delicious)I've come for breakfast and for lunch, and anything you order is an experience.I really like the green chile cheeseburger for lunch and the green chile meatloaf and eggs for breakfast. Yes, I like beef, and this place has plenty of it! Splurge and get beef tenderloin benedict for breakfast.The service is good, but they aren't there to pamper you. You can kinda figure that out when you walk in or if you just think about the name!Don't bring your kids if they're small, but really, it's not a place for kids anyway even if they're not small.(No high chairs!) It's for grown ups.I've gone here at least 5 times, and I can't tell you where the bathroom is or if they even have one. Or the elusive back door.Guess I'll have to go back and find it!
5	So a group of us decided to get brunch here this am and boy am I glad I did. I started with a super killer spicy bloody Mary that came with a little beer chaser...awesome. I got the green Chile meat loaf with fried eggs. I can easily say this was among  the best meat loaf I've ever had .the texture was perfect, flavor deep and rich and it worked sooooo well with my over easy eggs. I can't wait to gio back and try some of the other stuff on the menu....awesome!!!!
3	Dick's is a generous restaurant - large portions of good food and decent specials like half-price bottles of wine on Sunday night. It is a hideaway so don't come if you're looking for more atmosphere but their food is good. Adovada is their most popular dish and a great choice if you're a meat eater. The wait staff is experienced and friendly and can help you order.
5	My wife and I went to Dick's one morning for breakfast, when we were in Phoenix last month, based on the Yelp ratings.  It was so good, we returned the following day also.  The huevos rancheros are very good, as are the bloody marys (served with a beer back).  The atmosphere (literally - how many place have a mesquite wood grill burning in the kitchen) is great.  Can't wait to go back and eat more of the menu.
5	I have been at dicks around 5 times and it never disappoints. I shared the blueberry pancakes and the carne adovado with gf the first time and it was so good that we couldn't get ourselves to order anything else there  yet. Friends have tried diner there and professed equally good reviews.  And the service is top notch
5	My new favorite restaurant in Phoenix. It has dethroned Roaring Fork. Which is quite a feat.The Carne Adobada dish here is amazing and ample. Just get it.
4	Love this little spot in Phoenix. Saying you went to Dick's Hideaway is almost like bragging that you know how to get there. It's tucked away in this little strip mall and it has maybe 3 tables and a bar you can sit at. Went for breakfast and we had the huevos rancheros and the meatloaf. We were so full and had food leftover. Nice place to take a gf/bf for brunch.
5	Best bloody Mary's for $5.00. I definitely recommend the huevos rancheros or the carne adovada.
5	Best best place to eat and drinks.
5	We were looking for Richardson's, and parked where it used to be.  I know they reopened after burning down a few years ago, and I've been looking forward to the garlic plate for a long time.  Turns out Richardson's was about 3-4 blocks up on 16th street, not at the corner in the strip where it used to be.  We ended up just going into Dick's, since it's all owned by the same family.  And parking is tough there, we didn't want to move from the parking spot we were lucky enough to score!  I've never been inside before but it was perfect for us, very cozy and intimate.  We were just stopping in for a light lunch on our way to our staycation.  We got the half garlic plate and the skewers.  It's not a lot of food but oh my God, how delicious it is.  I wish we got the full garlic plate.  The elephant cloves were smooth and creamy and the perfect base to the peppers and cheese that we piled on to our baguette bread slices.  The skewers were delish--they came with a shrimp, a sausage, a beef and a chicken (I think?) and the salsas and sauces all complemented them very well.  Not a cheap place but very much worth it for a special occasion.
4	Food is great, drinks are great, recommend grapefruit mimosa. Very small restaurant, close seating. Nice way to say it would be cozy. Servers are very  accommodating.
4	"Dick's Hideaway" would make a great porn title. Heh.I was passing through town on a little roadtrip from LA and stopped here for a late lunch / early dinner. It just happened to be happy hour at the bar, and all small plates listed on the chalkboard were $5. Score! And the food was reeeally good. Double score!Do you find it annoying when people write reviews but don't tell you what they actually ate? I do. But I'm about to be one of those people. Doh! I can't remember everything we had, I just remember my friend and I being uber pleased. There were definitely some green chile sliders, some garlic shrimp, a couple tacos, a tasty flatbread pizza thing, a couple beers. I think? Seriously, whatever we had left us wanting more! Only complaint is that service was a bit on the slow side.
4	Very good food! Will definitely go back.
2	It is really hard to give this place a grade. I came in with high expectation. It is really cool- I love the decoration; no sign outside, kind of weird, (FYI it is between Luci and a hardware store) but you may feel it is exclusive. Our waiter is cool and friendly. We had Guac and chips and it was decent.The reason I'm giving a two-star is that the famous carne adovada was way too salty. So salty that I felt it was killing me. And we waited for like 30 minutes for it, after I told the waiter that we were heading to the airport soon. I trust all the good reviews here on yelp, and I love the ambiance in Dick's Hideaway, but I believe that a good restaurant should be consistent and considerate to its guests to live up to the standard.
4	Carne Adovada.... Ugh. What can I say?! I usually don't even like beef. Spectacular. Get it to share though. I ate it for the next three meals. Coffee was also better than i had expected. Not that I was complaining. Great atmosphere, great food.
5	i've been missing nyc quality food- until dicks.  really great quality, super friendly staff and hearty portions.  found my new favorite place!
5	EXCELLENT FOOD.  went in on a sunday around 11 wife hoping for a burger. Well she ordered a burger but was in awe of all of the good looking food passing us by.Her burger was great. I ordered the meatloaf breakfast, has to be the best meatloaf dish I have ever had. So we returned again Monday when we were heading home to LA. My wife had the Richardsons combo which had eggs benedict, enchiladas & asparagus. Says it was the best eggs benedict she has had. I ordered the Adovado breakfast, and wow the flavors are incredible.  We even ordered a to-go plate of the Adovado to bring home. Great to see a true hole in the wall who can really hold their own. Great selection of beers on tap too.Hideaway is right, had trouble finding as no signs anywhere found by menu on window.
5	I love this place! One of the best in Phoenix.
1	Im new to Phoenix and have yet to come out for Sunday brunch. Yesterday my fiance took me to the fabulous Dick's Hideaway. Being from San Francisco, he thought I would be impressed by their non-corporatism and lack of advertising (Dick's has no sign on the door)..WE were offered a seat next to the fire place. It was cozy but we were sharing a table with another couple who came in behind us who we didn't know. That's fine, but they got up and left and our waitress informed us, 'they didnt belong here anyway'..okMy finance and I are not the richest couple in the land, however, we are highly attractive and generous tippers. The food came out very quickly. Not sure if that is a good thing.Asked if I could sample the green chile sauce. I was charged $2.My finance got up to use the restroom and the waitress snapped at me, 'Where did he go?' ..as if he was trying to escape without paying.My fiance did not like his Bloody Mary, but waitress did not care to entice him with anything else.We paid the bill with a card, left a cash tip and walked out the door only to have waitress run after us and ask us if we took a glass from the table. I looked at her like she was a kook.Bye Dicks.
4	Dick's hideaway is one of my favorite restaurants in the phoenix area. I went there for breakfast and wasn't disappointed. They suggested the meatloaf(that's right for breakfast) and I must say it was good. It was hard getting over the concept of meatloaf for breakfast so I wouldn't order it again, but it was worth the experience. The coffee was good and fresh and the service was up to the task. The price however was a bit high for breakfast after tip and coffee it came to 20 dollars for one person. For lunch or dinner that's fine, but not for breakfast. Granted there was enough food; that had I been joined by a comrade we could have easily split.
5	Best breakfast I think I've ever had.  Unreal food, served piping hot.
5	The best New Mexican food I've had in Arizona. It will be on the stop list when we are in Phoenix!
4	I don't know how it is that I've lived in this area for as long as I have and haven't been to Dick's until last Sunday but I'm glad I finally made that choice.My friend & I went to have brunch as amazingly enough, there was no wait. I guess we were the lucky two that day for it was 11:00 am. Tiny bar area but I was a fan...it was cozy. We started with the Bloody Marys which were really yummy. We split the breakfast burrito with chorizo, potatoes, and beans...delicious! Perfect amount to be split.Our server was friendly and attentive and service was quick. All in all, a solid experience!
4	I really enjoy this hidden gem. I wish someone had told me about it sooner. Food has always been enjoyable regardless of what I have tried and service is quite decent. Definitely a fun, cozy little spot to visit. Dick's Hideaway is on the short list of spots I like to visit while in this area but note that due to the size I suggest planning your visit well as it can fill up quickly.
4	Chile rellenos make me pretty happy! Oh, they're amazing here, too. You should take me...
1	Overpriced, stuffy, smoky, and small.  I had the New Mexico Platter and wasns't at all impressed.  The chicken in the burrito was nasty and the only thing on the plate (out of five things) worth eating were the beans.  About sums up my opinion of the place
4	Best breakfast in Phoenix? Maybe. Regardless, the food was excellent! It wasn't cheap but what I would expect from a joint like this. The ambiance was incredible. The wait isn't as bad as it may seem but there is a wait. It is HIDDEN so it's not easy to find but it was a lot of fun once we found it. The service was good too. I'm definitely coming back here for a special occassion with my family or friends.
1	Customer service makes or breaks a business!  I cant help but create a yelp account because of the service we received tonight.  Our server (short blonde lady) treated us like we never exusted.  Took our order...i ordered a diet coke and burrito with no beans...she gave me regular coke and my burrito was floating in beans.  I was dying of thirst but no one ever came to ask if i needed a refill.  She didnt come back to our table until she probably saw we were done with our food!  By then, you can barely appreciate the food youre eating and ruins your impression of this place rated at 4.5 stars. Place is pretty pricey for burritos and enchiladas...i dont mind the price...willing to pay for more if the service and if pehaps the food was to my taste...we still gave her 20% tip but please, fire that lady.  I just wrote a review on tripadvisor and read obe other comment where customer also complained about nothing else but the service!
5	The place is hidden, and has arguably the best breakfest food in the areaWhat to get:  The Tenderloin Eggs Benedict (you can skip the pork and tenderloin and go straight for all tenderloin), and I would recommend subbing out the potato's for fries (usually they will do that if the fryer has time to get to temp, aka not at 7am but probably at 8) - That is the best item hands down on the menu, not cheap but if you order that you will have zero question why everyone rates this place so highlyOther excellent items:  Chille Relleno's - add one on if you arent 100% sure you want them as an entire order, they are fantasticThe Meatloaf if very good, it does sound a bit strange to get, doesnt beat filet at 8am, but is quite goodAdovada is also fantastic, very good heat and is worth a go if you want something on the spicer sideMimosa's are $5 in the morning as with Blood Mary's - and their orange juice is always fresh squeezed
5	Small place, hard to spot, worth the search! Great food, drinks, and the staff was super friendly and helpful. Amazing hidden gem.
4	The food was amazing but the waitress was either in a horrible mood or she didn't like us. She made several snarky remarks, which made me want to leave. Thank G-d I stayed,  the food made up for her attitude. Noms
5	It's hard to find. We were parked right in front of the place and didn't see it. But once we realized we were there, we walked in and found Dick's Hideaway was literally a hole in the wall. It was small and dark, but we could tell immediately that what they lacked in size, they made up for in large, delicious plates! In fact, their dishes are so large they can be easily shared for up to two people. They had whole chickens roasting over an open fire pit. That was pretty cool. Don't expect to go dancing after, as your clothes and your hair will smell deliciously of food. One thing we've found helpful was to ask the server what the restaurant is best known for. The server said the Carne Avodava. This dish was in a class of its own, and I highly recommend it. We also ordered the New Mexican Platter, which gave us a generous sampling of their chile relleno, tamale, and chicken burrito. The spices they used for all three dishes were incredible! They serve breakfast too, but we didn't get a chance to return. When in Phoenix, Dick's Hideaway is a MUST!
5	Food is unbelievable.  Service is great.   Portions are amazing.  Atmosphere is smart and stylish in an old fashioned, cozy manner.  Everything beats expectations but the breakfast is simply unbeatable.   Try the eggs benedict.  Enjoy!
4	Seeing previous yelpers having trouble finding this place, we were concerned. However, the address number is above the door. We stepped in, and we were immediately in a bar. The bar was packed with patrons along the left side. There were about three small tables along the right wall. There is NO place to stand and wait. It was rather uncomfortable for a moment while someone noticed us. There is a small, very dark dining room to the right as you first walk in. We were informed to sit wherever we like. This room had one very large table (room for 10 I believe), and two 4 tops. They had extra chairs, so they may be able to squeeze in more. NO high chairs. They do not split the dish, but they will bring out an extra plate to allow you to split it yourself. We split the tenderloin benedict. Omg. This was a dish with two 3 oz filet mignon, eggs, hollandaise, and a side of pinto beans and potatoes. The tenderloins were so amazing, we could cut them with a butter knife. The beans were so flavorful, I did not realize pinto beans could taste so good. The service was incredible. The wait staff definitely knows what they are doing. The food and service is 5 stars. The awkwardness that we felt when we first walked in brings our scoring to 4.
5	The food was so good I over ate . Mixing the green sauce and the red was the perfect amount of heat.    This place may be hard to find but with it.
5	Love coming here every time I get to Phoenix.  Great New Mexican food in this little gastropub.  Dinner or breakfast on the weekend is awesome.  Big portions and even bigger flavor.  Finding it with no sign out front is the key.
5	We  have been back to Dick's twice recently.  We went both times for breakfast.  Both times were amazing.  The first time I had the green chile meatloaf and eggs.  The second time I had scrambled eggs.  Huge portions and excellent taste.  The service on both visits were perfect.  We will be back again soon.  Do yourself a favor and try it out.  You wont be sorry.
4	To give you an indication of what I think about this place I was in Phoenix for 3 days for work and I ate here twice.  The first time I had the combo plate with an egg Benedict with a giant piece of great ham and two enchiladas.  I went for both green and red chili which given a choice, why make one.  Had a few beer and then off for hiking.  Two days later on the way to the airport we were batting around a couple places and just decided that this would be much better.  Had the meatloaf which was great and like everything here came in a huge portion with tons of green chili and three eggs.  My wife got the fish sampler which was also really good.  I am not a huge fan of salmon and it was pretty good.  We did not stay for happy hour that starts at 2:30, but it looks really good.
5	Oh. Mah. Gah. So delicious!Sure, it's unmarked, and therefore difficult for an out-of-towner like myself,  but it's well worth the effort. The green chile and eggs was amazing! The pork was amazingly tender, the chile spicy and full of roasted flavor, and the eggs were perfectly poached. Come hungry, you'll need the space and want to eat every last bite. I've also had the Fish Trio. The wood-fired grill adds significant flavor to three large portions of fresh fish (mine were Mahi-Mahi, Swordfish, and Salmon), but the flavor pack was in the salsas - a Mango, a Pineapple, and a Red Roasted one. The fruit ones had a nice balance of hot and sweet. The red roasted one was smoky, savory, and spicy without overwhelming. My Bloody Mary was solid, not particularly boozy, and the mix was more on the good spicy, homemade side of life than on the straight outta a bottle grossness. The accompanied shot of beer was much appreciated - Is this an Arizona thing, cause if so, I want to move here.The atmosphere is quirky - think "No Kardashians" and "Unattended children will be given an espresso and kitten." It's cozy and intimate for lunch, and I can imagine it'd be super crowded at dinner. Service was excellent without any issues.
5	Awesome.  A little hard to find, just park in strip mall and walk to the barely marked door.  Try it, you won't regret it.
4	Love the place, dark yet character. Food was great the beer was nice and cold..  Will come back. When I visit...
3	Happy hour small plates are the way to go. Good value at $5 per plate and good tasting. We returned for dinner and it was underwhelming. I got the skewers and watch the cook throw them on the grill and them proceed to get torched by the flames. My girlfriend got a Mexican platter and her burrito was cold in the middle and the tamale was not that good.
5	There's no sign on the door, which makes sense.  I had some of the best pasta I've ever had there.  When they say the plates are hot, they're not lying.  They are a bit pricey, but the quality of the food is in parity with the price.
3	This review is strictly written based on the fact we ate at Dick's Hideaway for our wedding reception dinner and utilized the private dining. Being from Ohio we realized it was very very difficult to get responses back from the staff, and we also seemed to have multiple contacts over the planning time when exchanging emails. We tried leaving  a few messages, and we did have a little better results then, however they did call us at 4 am one time...yes 4 am! When we got into the private room and seated there is also a private bathroom for the group however soon after someone from the bar walked right in and used it. I immediately asked our server about it and got some quick attitude from her on me asking to lock the door to not let them in....I mean we did put $500 down just to have the room so I think we deserved the right to call the shots! After that we heard the waitress yell out to the bar not to use the bathroom saying "She just got yelled at, and doesnt like to be yelled at"...yes we did hear you Michelle! Then we also noticed a sign on the door saying....Private Party Stay the "F" Out....dont know if they were trying to "take a dig at us" but we thought it was pretty funny and had the entire wedding party sign it and it will soon be framed here at our house as a momento.However, the food was TRULY AMAZING!! and HUGE portions which had everyone giving compliments both during and after the dinner. Would I be back...absolutely! What would I tell future wedding goers....to be persistent...they can make it great...BUT its alot of work!!5 stars for food...but heavily waited on service and common courtesy
5	Yessss.  THIS is what I'm talking about.  Sometimes, I just want to feel like I discovered some little-known local gem, unpretentious and amazing.  That's what Dicks Hideaway is to me.  Food, Great.  Service, Great.  Ambiance, makes me proud to live in the desert.  Hard to find spots like this in our ocean of stucco sprawl, and when you do, ya just gotta cherish the moment.
5	Whatever they put in their food is AMAZING!!!  I got pancakes, eggs and bacon and my partner foodie in feasts got a benedict dish of some sorts effffffing AMAZING!!!!  Everything about the place screams give me more.  The decor is rad, the ambience (at 2PM) was pretty popping I think and the service was spot on.  FInding this place is quite a feat but overall the food experience was grrreat.  Beware first come first served because the size of the place is pretty tiny.  Great place to set a wonderful expectations of being a foodie of sorts with a knack for the unexpected.
4	I have been wanting to try this place out with all the good reviews and the great pictures!  It is not easy to find, like some yelpers warned.  We drove by it at first, even with the help of the navigation!  I never even saw a sign.  I finally found it by the sign on the door about the unattended children that I saw on one of the pics!  It is a pretty small place.  They have basically 2 rooms,  one a bar and a dining room so it is not that big.  It was pretty darkly lit but not too dark.  We sat at the bar which is also where they prepare the food.  It was fun watching them do their thing.  I was impressed that they grill over pecan wood!  When I saw that they had 2 skewers of rotisserie chicken I decided that was what I wanted.  I figured they had the chicken as an entree.  Unfortunately, the chicken was only for their chicken enchiladas!  What a tease!  They really should think about putting this on the menu.  I'm not sure if they cook the chicken every day, however.  Before we left they took the 8 chickens and put in a large plastic bin and, I assume, they would go into the cooler to save for the next day's chicken enchiladas.  I wonder how long they keep the chicken?They have a pretty good selection on the menu plus quite a few specials on the chalkboard.  I had the grilled fish.  I think it was swordfish.  It was grilled over the pecan.  They also take half a pepper, put seasoned mashed potatoes on it and put that on the grill too.  Most of the orders that I saw had this on it as a side.  The fish was grilled to perfection, not overcooked which will ruin most fish.  Dry fish is no fun!   The salad was also very good.  I was close to giving them a 5 star review but had to take away one for the chicken issue,  but 4 is still a high review! I'll be back!
4	A week ago I came here on a date. I've always heard of this place yet never seemed to know where the heck it was. So we arrived, it was a tuesday night so it was pretty slow. The interior is small, cozy. Sorta dive bar-ish. Which is pretty cool. The prices aren't so dive bar-ish but the food was INCREDIBLE. Sooooo I guess you really do get what you pay for. All in all this is a great place for dinner, and I even hear that breakfast here is amazing. Although I do hope breakfast is cheaper. Dinner for 2 adults, one beer and one glass of wine with run you close to $50.
5	You want a fantastic breakfast with a southwestern twist?  You found it.My favorites are the enchiladas and eggs with pork green chili. Or the green chili meatloaf and eggs.  Or the tenderloin benedict with jalapeno hollandaise!  It's really just hard to go wrong here.A bit tricky to find as there is no sign but take the time and hunt it down I promise you'll love it!
5	The New Mexican Surf and Turf will change your life!!!!I had the Mexican Surf and Turf and I only have three words.....A---MAZ---ING!!!OMG!!! I can't say enough about this place! The food is crazy good!!
5	Went back to Scottsdale with some friends for a part work trip part vacation and we had go here.  The food is just so good and the bloody-marys are also very tasty.  I went for the meatloaf topped with green chilis.  It is a giant slice of meatloaf that comes with a couple eggs.  I went with over medium, not to runny.  Also comes with a flower tortilla to snack on, we had to remind them for this.  My wife had the green chili stew that I had to steal a bite of and as expected, she could not be trusted for her word alone, was pretty spicy and equally tasty.Once again wish we had time to stick around for the happy hour.
5	I LOVE DICK'S HIDEAWAY. I have never eaten anything here that wasn't amazing! I daydream about their chile all the time. Chile relleno, enchiladas, green chile stew, carne adovada--all of them have been absolutely wonderful. I love that it's hard to find and whenever I take people here, they are always impressed. The service is hit or miss and the inside is a little strange: dark, cold, crowded. That's fine. I'm not there for anything else except for the New Mexican food!
1	Been a fan but was very put off by a recent experience.  Wife and I spent some early happy hour time there.  After enjoying several drinks and 3 of the "Small Plate" offerings we settled our check and asked for a box to take home 1 fish taco and one spicy chicken tostada.  We were informed by the bar tender that the owners' policy was NOT to let customers take "Small Plate" leftovers home to keep patrons from trying to dine on the cheap!  I could see his point if we had only ordered $15 bucks worth of food and a glass of water- but we dropped more than $50 bucks on drinks alone!  Either way- what's the difference?  You would rather throw food away than keep a customer.  So long Dick's and Richardson's and Rokerj!
5	Great food, cool setting. This place is in Sunbrite Corner (NW corner of 16th & Bethany Home).  No street signage I could find.  Park at Luci's and it is in suite just north. Polished copper tables.  Wonderful spicy breakfast dishes.  Endorphins will be released!  Bloody Mary was awesome and served with a beer chaser.  Great for cooling off after the food, but frankly great for cooling off after the Bloody Mary itself.  Will definitely be returning.  Next time - adovada benedict.
5	Simply delicious. I have been wanting to try this place for quite a while and I am happy I finally did. It's easy to miss this restaurant as there is no signage on the outside, the interior is pretty dark, and there are about 3 tables and a small bar to sit at. However, the staff is great and the food is amazing. I ordered the carne adovada, Christmas style w/ fried eggs. It was divine. My wife ordered the swordfish special and it was also delicious. We both ate about 1/2 of our meals because of the humongous serving size. This place is now permanently bookmarked for me. It's awesome.
5	Yes, it sure is hidden.  No sign at all.  Only way I found it, is that it is on Yelp with great reviews.  You do need the physical address.  Look close at the door NEXT to the restaurant, go in.  You will be surprised.  Went for breakfast and bloodies on a Sunday morning.  It was very good.  Not cheap food, but this is a bar type atmosphere.  Not a bad bar, a nice relaxing place.  The portions are large, and the food is on the 4-5 star level.  Service was very good too.
5	Dick's is as good as it gets for breakfast, brunch, lunch, happy hour, dinner, or reverse happy hour.. Basically, for everything!The Bloody Marys are made in house, and the homemade red chile is definitely a part of it, as they are SPICY! Not really into bloody's, but still want to try one? Get it in a short glass, that way the vodka:mix ratio is better and you can still enjoy a yummy drink! Wine, mimosas and bloodys are $5 until 5:30 every single day, and man can they add up! It is just so intimate and cozy, you never want to leave the place!My favorite dish for brunch is the Richardon's Combo, which consists of a pork benedict, asparagus and two chicken enchiladas. I like to swap my enchiladas out for turkey or shrimp, but they're all yummy! For dinner I either go with the Pinenut Crusted Seabass (seasonal) or the Dick's Surf & Turf. The Surf & Turf is a 6oz filet topped with 2 bacon wrapped shrimp alongside chorizo and bean flat enchiladas. SO GOOD. If I wasn't on a juice cleanse right now, I would have already called in my order to go. The only dessert option is flan, and.. well.. its flan. I don't know, you be the judge!FYI- It is called Dick's Hideaway because it is HIDDEN. It is located on the northwest corner of 16th street and Bethany Home Road, inbetween the hardware store and Lucy's. It does not have a sign. Please, please, do not read this review and then call the restaurant to ask where they are located. These are ample directions!
5	You need to try the pork. Adovada style.
5	I came in for breakfast - the place has amazing reviews, so I figured it had to be good. And it was.I ordered the enchiladas with scrambled eggs and potatoes. Plenty of sauce on the plate to dip the eggs and potatoes.Everything on the plate was delicious. Best breakfast I've had in a while.
4	The food and drinks are really good! Love the idea that it's kind of hidden for the locals. I just wish there was more sitting room! It is really small so you get cozy with strangers.
5	Exceeded expectations! The pork chop was huge and came with TWO pork chops, sides of delicious broccolini and asparagus and a stuffed green chili pepper! The place is atmospheric (dark) and small (you will inevitably jostle your neighbors) but in a good way. Love the New Mexican cuisine and even the happy hour beer (which we'd never heard of before) was surprisingly amazing. If you are in Phoenix, you should definitely check out Dick's Hideaway.
5	By far, some of the Best Southwestern cuisine you will ever eat. Guaranteed! Everything except the Cheesesteak sandwich is Out of This World. But then again, you shouldn't be ordering a cheesesteak sandwich from this place. My favorite dish is 3 Shrimp Enchiladas with the Rice and Beans. The Red Chili's here can be spicy, and the portions are huge. Almost impossible to get through. Highly Recommended....If you can find it ;)
5	Truly the best breakfast I have every had!  A tex-mex man's breakfast.  Come here hungry!  A must go if you are in the area.
5	Stopped in here on the way to the airport and it was AWESOME!  Being from MN it's hard to find a good mexican breakfast and this place does it right!  Had the Huevos Rancheros and it was delicious and spicy.  Loved the atmosphere, loved the food and service.  You won't be disappointed!
5	The carne adovada dish with eggs on top is to die for.  The restaurant also has a fantastic ambiance.  Wine racks floor to ceiling, low lighting, and an obscure entrance all contribute to a nice, cozy feeling inside.
2	I lived in Albuquerque for four years and really miss the food.  I met a guy who lived in Santa Fe who recommended this place.  The worst place in ABQ was better than this and would cost a third of what they charged here.  I got the red and the green chile.  Both were unpleasant--the red tasted burnt.
4	So hidden that they don't even have a sign.  You either know this place by word or your bestest friend Yelp.  Tehee. :-DTex-mex is the name of the game at Dick's.  Don't expect authentic Mexican but come with an open mind that you will indulge in good tasting dishes.  Aside the main entree, what stood out to me were their rice and beans.  They were cooked al dente and full of flavor.  The grains were firm but not hard.On my last visit with Fia R and Daniel L (first timers), I ordered their red tamales.  It wasn't the best I had but it was on a decent level.  I came here once for a CMYE and I had one of the enchilada dishes and it was melty good.  The cheese was like molting lava all over the dish which screamed: "eat me now."All their dishes come on these cool, silvery industrial looking iron plates ensuring your dishes will remain hot while you get down and dirty.  The only caveat would be that its a compact place--you have the main bar and the couple of tables by it (seats 4).  To that, there's a more spacious dining room for larger parties, but probably needs a reservation.You will find the decor appealing due to its dimly, dark setting like you went into hiding.  The lighting and furnishing were all high-end looking, no less.If you are craving some Tex-Mex in the central PHX area, this is the spot to get some.  They purposely try to be a "hidden gem." :-p
4	As others have said they have no sign so you need the address. They do have a menu posted outside with their name on it so you will know you are in the right place. The food is good and the service was great. Not a large place. I had the Huevos Rancheros with red chile. This is more of a New Mexico style than Sonoran style.
4	Great atmosphere, dark and smokey (from the grill). The food is super spicy but amazing! Park in the back and enjoy some of the best tex-mex in AZ.
1	We love eating breakfast out with our group of friends, so we chose this place becuase of its' wonderful review in the Arizona Republic.  It may be wonderful for lunch or dinner, but we had by far the worst breakfast and the worst service ever experienced in the Valley.  I might note that we arrived at 7:30AM and were by ourselves in the dining room.  You would think that because we were early the service would be wonderful.  Not so!!  We had to go and find out waitress to refill our coffee.   She served toast but forgot to bring jelly to the table.  Everything we ordered was either wrong or undercooked.  One person in our party sent her food back to be cooked; the other was so disgusted with the appearance of the raw eggs (in her omelet) that she chose just to eat the toast and forget the eggs.  The "special" that day was a crab omelet.  Unfortunately the omelets that we ordered tasted like fish, whether we wanted it or not.  (We didn't)  We had a very hard time locating the restaurant, and would have been much better off  if we had never found it and went somewhere else.Terrible experience!!
4	Hard time finding it, worth the effort.  A great find, I hope to go back next time I am in Phoenix.
5	Never been on the inside so I don't know how service is, but I visited a friends house who ordered a take out for me here and the chicken quesadilla was amazing! Like no other, I've ever had. Will be going there more often, but probably next time I will go inside to see what it is like and etc.
4	This place always popped up as a high-rated restaurant on Yelp and after reading all the reviews, I decided to give it a try.  First of all, like everyone says this place is a true hideaway, there are no signs.  It is very small with only a couple tables, with dim lighting and rich wood as the decor.  Second, it is a delicious New Mexican/Tex Mex place.  As soon as you walk in the door, you smell the smoker and all the delicious flavors.  Our waiter was awesome, gave us very helpful tips on the menu and portion size.The meals are very large, extremely hot and impossible to go finish unless you come on a very empty stomach.  My friend and I both tried the Carne Adovada, which isn't your typical Mexican but it sure was yummy.  The pork is so soft and it is marinated for hours in a rich chili sauce, you can really taste the smoker - it is so overpowering! Let me just say, the beans served with the carne were some of the best beans ever.  This is by far some of the best southwestern cuisine I have ever eaten!  Next time, I would really like to try some other dishes!!
4	My only complaint was that it was still very hot inside during our summer visit though air conditioned. Tried their chili relleno. The BEST I've had in 20 years. Our waiter practically read my mind as to the wine choice though it was my first visit. Definitely returning soon!
5	We were searching for a spot for lunch during a training. We chose Dick's On fellow yelpers suggestions. The atmosphere was funny and cozy. The menu is full of delicious southwestern fare. I ordered a specially created (by me) hamburger and fries. It was fresh and delicious. My friends also enjoyed their food. The enchiladas were particularly tasty. This is definitely a great place to try. They have some great daily specials.
2	I'm sorry but no. Subpar. I just don't get the rave reviews.After trying to get in on a busy Saturday night, we stopped in a week later midafternoon. It can be easy to miss, but keep a look out for a small menu posted outside by the front door. Inside, you grab whatever seat is available, so you're either at the bar or seated at one of a few different large community tables.We had the carne adovado sliders as an appetizer. They were OK, nothing outstanding or special. I had the chicken burrito with green chile sauce, and my husband had the taos club.The chicken in the burrito was very dry. I didn't get a lot of flavor, either, aside from salt and tons of cheese. The rice was dry and tasted a little burnt. I liked the beans, but I wanted more green chile sauce and more flavor out of the entire meal.The taos club was pretty good. The avocado was a little hard and not distributed evenly in the club, so one bite was full of one ingredient and another bite was full of something else. The accompanying salad and fries were nice, but again, we just didn't see the ooh and ahh that everyone else has seemed to experience.Portions were large, but prices were high to match. I just was not impressed. Small restaurant with awkward seating, food that is average at best, and expensive prices for what you get. I won't be back.
5	We absolutely loved the carne adovada. Hubby had it with eggs and I had a burrito with green sauce. Fabulous smoke flavor. Our new favorite restaurant. Recommend the pasta Heidi too. Fantastic!
4	Amazing enchiladas ! New Mexico style . If your are in Phoenix check it out . You won't be disappointed .
4	Yummy, yummy, yummy. This place is consistently delicious. Another New Mexican style food treasure right here in the middle of Phoenix. If you don't get in the door early, be prepared to wait a while for one of the 5-8 tables inside. Absolutely worth seeking out!
5	Mike and George in control. Amazing food, drinks and atmosphere. Wish we lived in the hood.
4	A true hole in the wall restaurant with some of the best Southwestern fare you can get in the Valley.  You'd be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't at least try this place once!  There's something to be said about the parking and spacing in the restaurant, but on purely a food basis, it's a winner. I could write an encyclopedia raving about this place, but I'll let you all be the judge of that.  Instead, I'll list a few things of importance (to me), and therefore probably should be to you as well:- It smells really good in here. As in, you will leave the place smelling like cedar and smoked meat, and want to eat your own arm- Get anything with adovada...the meat that's marinated in this stuff sits forever and, stewed up, makes me want to cry - Vic's meatloaf with green and red chili- Fantastic Bloody Mary's and a shot of ale to balance it out (it's got a kick)
4	Wow! This place is fucking amazing! I didn't expect to eat some bomb ass  green chile verde stew w eggs and home made ass tortillas like I did here! They never left my 30 glass of ice tea drinkn ass empty and the food tastes like your eating at ur MexicAn grandmas house in the 80s.Outside of the amazing ass food, the vibe is wonderful, the decor and feel is clean and welcoming. This shit should be a chain. As many shitty spots I've been to in my life, this week has been good to me.   Do yourself a favor and go eat brunch here. Seriously, orGo fuck yourself!
5	OMG this was an amazing meal!! So delicious, great service, cool atmosphere. This is a MUST STOP if you are within 20miles. I had the eggs Benedict and my wife had the enchiladas. Both were out of this world.
5	Beyond the best place EVER for NM style cuisine.  And, I'm from NM!  We discovered this place from referral and after finding it (really, it's a hide away!)... we find a way to get here at least once a month.  (50 mile drive for us)If you like food - go here!
2	Overpriced for breakfast.  Weird seating arrangement.
3	5 stars for a cool bar to hang out at and have a good conversationUnfortunately I ordered take out and the food was only so-so.  Atmosphere is a big plus but don't go here for the food alone
5	Had a wonderful dining experience at Dick's several months ago, and plan to return today :)  I love this restaurant, so cozy, such great service, such outstanding food...yep, this restaurant IS as good as it gets!!!  Thank you!!!
5	This review would be best served by a story. Imagine you're a cowboy in the old west. Think Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter. But you have a cook that travels with you in a chuck wagon. This cook is trained in all things amazingly tasty & secretly, he's trying to kill you - slowly. What I had at this place is what he feeds you every day.  Eggs Benedict Adovada. It is the most amazing decadent irresistible thing I've ever eaten. So as the cowboy, you'd eat it every day & after a few weeks you're too fat to get on your horse, your gun belt no longer fits & your chest hurts intermittently. And so one day, as an overweight, unarmed coronary walking the plains, you're shot by vaqueros & the cook smiles. YOU MUST GO HERE.
4	Don't look for a sign, as there isn't one. This place is dark and tiny, but the portions are huge. We had the Eggs Benedict Adovada and it will be both our breakfast and our lunch! Service was excellent, as was the coffee and orange juice. No, its not a cheap breakfast (go to a Denny's ya cheap baatard) - think of it as an investment in your day!
5	First time here earlier this week.  Wow ... this place is amazing.  New Mexico fare.  It's small just like some of the reviewers mentioned.  But it's perfect for two.  We had four in our party and we didn't have to wait very long.  The waiter was so nice and answered all our questions.  Yes, the food is spicy.  Yes, the food has a smoky flavor.  Yes, it's all good.  Perfect!  It's dark and romantic with candles burning.  And the bar seating looked awesome (you can watch them cooking).  I had the Carne Adovada (generous amount of melt in your mouth spicy pork with rice and beans).  Hey, I can eat, but I ended taking half of mine home.  Hubby had the Skewers.  He said they were really good and he'd order them again.  I'd go back in a minute.  Next time I want to try the bacon wrapped shrimp.  This would be a great place to show out of towners what Phoenix is really about.
5	This is just my kind of place!!! It is hidden and dark and cozy. The food is ridiculously good... and this coming from a girl that doesn't really care for Mexican or New Mexican food!! It is the perfect place to take the men in your life. Guys always seem to love this hole in the wall gem. Often times there is a wait, as the place is small, but it is well worth it. More often than not we squeeze up to the bar to grab our brunch and end up making friends with everyone sitting around us. I think that is the #1 reason why I love this place... it reminds me of being back home in New Orleans!
5	This place is just cool.  I'm glad it's in my hood!
5	From what I can tell, I don't think Dick's wants your business. With no sign out front and as hard as it is to find, you have to be in the know to give the aptly titled Hideaway a try.  But search for it you must, for it is truly one of the best breakfasts I have ever had the pleasure of consuming! I'm a huge fan of Mexican style breakfasts and the Huevos Rancheros are insane! Two eggs any style, served on a blue corn tortilla, smothered with green or red chile and cheese, served with potatoes and beans and it is enough for two people.  Just look at the pictures posted by the other Yelpers people.  You can tell just by looking at the photos that this place is going to be awesome.  Just go in and give this place a try already (if you can find it!).  How many more five star reviews do you need?!?
5	P McCullough: Wow...what a cool place and the food is outstanding.  Like many other reviews...unless you are playing Inspector Clouseau, you will never find this place.  There is a sign in front that says "Additional Parking in The Rear" right above the portal in.  Happy hunting.Bistro setting for food and bar.  Sit at the bar, it's more entertaining.  Had a couple margaritas, hand crafted and shaken (nice).  A little on the sweet side for my likening.Food is fantastic.  They have a wood fired grill which imparts a beautiful smokey flavor to all foods that hit it.  I had the New Mexico enchiladas that were smothered in green chili. Man U felt like I was back in Santa Fe (but with better food).Just go if you can find.  You will not be disappointed..
5	Who'd have thought that my first excuse to try this place would be because they happen to have the PAC-12 Network on TV.To explain, I planned to watch the ASU - Arizona Football Game on TV at my house and about an hour before the game started realized that it was being aired on a station my DirecTV doesn't get. I initially headed over to Zipps at 16th and Bethany Home to catch the game, but quickly realized that everyone in the area had the same idea. So I decided to walk around and see where else I could watch the game. After checking several places I ended up walking by the door to Dick's and noticing that the game was on its TVs.I had run into a couple of other guys while walking and so I grabbed them and we headed in. However, because the bar was already full, the host said that he could put us in the back room that also had a TV.The three of us ended up getting our own table next to the fireplace and located within easy site of a big, flat screen, TV in the back room where we got personalized service from the waiter. The service was great and the food and drinks were excellent. What a better experience than being crammed like a sardine into a sports bar! In fact, this may be my new place to watch games when I'm not at the stadium.Dick's Hideaway, I hope you don't mind if I call you Brad's Hideaway!
5	Place is just always great! Had the green chile stew and love the burn! Never fails! Gonna have to bring my wife for the fish special! It looks phenomenal!!!
5	Great for breakfast.. no sign on the door, so you have to go there deliberately.. it would be hard to stumble in to Dick's.But once there, the New Mexican cuisine is to die for.. too much food.  Better take a box home.  The carne adovado is excellent.. My wife gets the handheld burrito & the slow cooked pork melts in your mouth, & bursts with smoke & peppers.  Coffee is good, service attentive.. food is excellent.  Anytime i'm close to phx for breakfast, we make a bee line for Dick's.
5	This is probably my favorite place in Phoenix. When me and my husband need a quiet night out we go here and find a quiet place at the bar. We love being able to watch them cook and they have a great wine list. If you go, you will smell like smoke when you leave, but i love that woodfired smell and don't mind it at all. It's a seat yourself place, so if you see a seat grab it and don't be picky. You can't go wrong with the carne adovada but you can go wrong with the salads. Stick with the good stuff, this isn't the place to eat healthy.
5	I love this hole-in-the-wall (literally)!I was in Phoenix for a conference, and had some downtime to explore the local neighborhood. The hotel staff from the Hilton at Squaw Valley were kind enough to provide me some transportation to and from this location since it was within two miles from the hotel. But naturally, I had chosen this little gem because of the awesome reviews on Yelp. I'm glad I was not steered wrong!The first thing that caught my eye was the door. There isn't a sign on top indicating it's Dick's... instead you have to just know you're stumbling through the right door. Immediately as I entered, I could smell the delicious hints of roasted meat. I quickly found myself a seat at the bar. Dick's Hideaway is small. The max capacity of the entire room must be around 20. There were maybe four or five tables, and then the rest were bar seats. Fortunately there was a seat left for me. I started off with a local craft beer: the Prescott Amber Ale. Mildly delicious. A good pair with meat. My main meal? The New Mexico Burger: an all angus medium rare beef patty, New Mexico hatch green chile underneath a cheddar cheese layer---all in-between two local buns and with a side of handcut fries.Yum! My burger cravings were being satisfied! Alright. So this isn't necessarily the best burger I've had, but this was definitely flavorful and hit the spot. Overall, everything was well worth the price and the trip over. I would definitely recommend this little restaurant if you're looking to dine in by yourself or with a small group.
4	Was walking to another place for a late breakfast when I saw someone walk out of Dicks Hideaway, when I asked them about it he said its his favorite place to go. So i wandered in and was not crazy about how dark it was and the seating was odd...like a bar. (it is a bar)  But was intrigued by atmosphere so I stayed. Besides it was dark enough to hide the fact I had no make-up on. ^_^.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros with green chili, that was months ago and I still think about that dish. I would go back anytime.
5	I SO love Dick's.  Thank goodness for punctuation, or that sentence would read a little differently. ;)Their food is delicious.  They grill over pecan wood.  Their specials menu always has the most delicious items on it, like the NY Strip with fresh crab, hollandaise (which was amazing, normally I find this sauce lacking), and spicy chipotle sauce.  Well worth the money, for sure.Most of the specials items are a little pricey (and well worth it!), so if you're looking for a less expensive alternative, go with the bacon-wrapped shrimp appetizer, as it's only about $15 and is definitely a full meal.  Be careful with the garlic appetizer.  While it's OUTSTANDING, the next day may be a little...windy. ;)The wine list is great - several selections, and many are moderately priced (especially their happy hour specials).  And they have a good draft beer selection.  The service is always spot on.The place is SUPER TINY and intimate, which I love, but also means that you need to walk in with a good attitude, knowing that you might need to wait a bit for a spot at the bar or one of the three little tables.  There is also a private room you can reserve, I believe, for dining with a bigger party.
5	Breakfast at Dick's Hideaway is an experience you'll never forget. Well, OK when you're 90 and sitting in a rocking chair telling your life story to your great grandchildren it might not come up, but it is something you will tell your friends and coworkers about - but only if you do it right.Dick's offers some standard breakfast dishes like eggs, pancakes and french toast. But you can get those dishes at just about any place that's open at 7am.  You really want to give their New Mexican dishes a try.  A personal favorite is the carne adovada and eggs but I don't think you can wrong with any of the dishes. Go on, be adventurous.Bear in mind, this isn't a big restaurant and seating is limited - it's worth the wait.
5	Great staff and atmosphere. Always had a great meals at this restaurant.
4	I want to give this place 5 stars but I held back for a couple of reasons; 1 is because they don't actually serve the fire roasted chicken as a meal which they roast in front of you all night, and 2nd; because of the disorganization that seems to be pervasive when it comes to figuring out the social mores when it comes to seating in this place. I'm a fairly progressive guy and it's not like common courtesy is not in my vocabulary, but when nobody is out front to direct traffic it is hard to know when it is "ok" or "your turn" for you to claim a spot at the bar or one of the tables. Also, I'm not a big fan of being asked to "move" my seat at the bar over to accommodate another party. Wanting to be a good sport, I went ahead and picked up and moved down a few chairs but really didn't want to. Granted we were done with the food portion of the evening, but I was in the mood to sit and have another cocktail while watching the "can't have me Chicken" roasting just a few feet away. May as well been roasting  on another planet, but I digress. Now, the reason it should have been a 5-Star review; the food. The staff is very polite and well trained and can help you navigate the menu. The food we had was indescribably good. I had a wine burger that was beyond compare, and my wife had the trio of enchiladas (both must've been a special as I don't see it on the online menu). Our taste buds may never recover!  Drinks were perfectly prepared which is a rarity in this town for some reason. Also, I know it shouldn't matter, but the bathroom situation is a little funky (though very nice itself) whereas I don't like to walk through the dish room/storage area to get to it. Also no outside signage seems like a too cool thing, but it's just kind of gimmicky after a while. Extra points for the "No Kardashians" sign inside the bar however.
4	I adore Dick's for breakfast/brunch. Oh!
4	Had a delightful brunch here today! Service  = ExcellentFood = Tasty!  My husband and I love the New Mexican influences found in each dish on the menu.   Today I got the Carne Adovada Benedict.  It was awesome!  Only complaint (minor) is that my hash browns were slightly undercooked.   I'd requested extra crispy, but it was definitely not the end of the world as I still loved my meal.   My husband had the Chicken Burrito which was also good but I could tell it wasn't his favorite item from Dick's.  Good to know for next time :)Ambience = We sat in the back room behind the bar area this time.  It seemed like a nice idea at the time but there was another patron there who was literally laying down in the booth on the phone talking business for a few minutes.   It was even more awkward when she randomly got up and insisted that she and her other guest (who had not arrived, yet) were going to sit at the formal dining table for larger parties.  The staff handled the situation professionally and gracefully, though.  Next time I'll prefer to sit where we normally do (in the more lively bar area).  It's tighter in there, but it just feels right for a wonderful spot like Dick's.
5	What huh where is this? Completely speak easy style and definitely packed to the gills! We hit it around 4 and got lucky enough for a table to open up. Dick the owner happened to be there and assured us we would have a table soon. Got us all drinks while we waited and sure enough got seated and ordered some amazing food. My dad ordered the enchiladas I got the pork plate and my stepmom won with some sort of steak and pasta plate. All the food was amazing and the plates are scorching hot I literally still have a burn on my forearm but completely worth it. Place was just a hidden gem even down to strolling through the kitchen to use the bathroom.  If you get lucky enough to get in it is definitely worth it!
5	The Skinny: There isn't a clear sign outside but just KNOW it's there so find parking even though you don't see the restaurant.  It's located next to Luci's Healthy Marketplace so if you see that, you're good.  They have this amazing Carne Adovada so make sure you don't miss it (this is the sole reason for the 5 stars).We came here for breakfast on our way through Phoenix thanks to fellow yelpers and it did not disappoint.  We got the Carne Adovada and Eggs, and the New Mexico Burger.  The Carne Adovada was delicious.  There is no other way to describe it.  If you go here, this is what you need to order.  The hash browns were pretty limp and had a weird, bitter taste to them...not sure if it was the oil they were using or what, but I was pretty disappointed...I really wanted hash browns!  The New Mexico burger was pretty good and did not have the kick I expected.  It was a little bland though so I had to use some of the ketchup that came with my fries.  The fries were tasty and crispy so it made up for the hash browns...somewhat.  So, why the 5 stars?  The Carne Adovada...it's out of this world.
4	One of the reasons I like Yelp is the opportunity to find small, local places you would seldom be able to find on your own.  Dick's Hideaway last night was such an experience.   You would never find it if you didn't have the actual street address, there is no sign outside!  Once you are inside it's something else.  A long bar facing the open kitchen was packed with at least a dozen diners.  A handful of tables in front of the bar and in an adjacent room were equally packed at 8:45.  I went inside and found no host, when a pleasant guy who turned out to be host, bartender, server asked us to wait on the sidewalk and handed us a short wine list with very good selections.  Before he could deliver our glasses he told us two seats were open at the bar and we were seated.   The menu is predominately New Mexican dishes.  My wife had the Santa Fe style pork enchiladas and I had the New Mexico platter with a chile relleno and chicken burro, all with the green chile sauce.  I have to say, we spent a week in Santa Fe a couple of years ago and the food at Dick's was every bit as good as anywhere we ate in Santa Fe.  Their tiny kitchen cranks out some very good food.   The portions were large; I would recommend splitting a salad.  A couple who sat next to us at the bar split the most expensive item on the menu, rack of lamb at $42, and seemed very happy.   I will definitely plan to visit Dick's again next time we are in Phoenix, fun and good food and wine.
5	Giving it a full constellation.  I do so love a hole in the wall,  and Dick's isn't much larger than that. ....literally. But,  wow,  the food.  Unbelievable.  Not the place to go for a salad,  mind you,  but fantastic grilled and Mexican dishes, cranked out by one guy in the tiniest of work spaces. Simplicity and complexity on the same plate.   Full bar,  happy hour specials.  My new go-to lunch spot when I'm headed to the airport.
4	So many things  have been said that are very true. This place is truly a diamond in the rough. I read so many reviews about the Carne Adovada that I had to try it.  I ordered the shrimp scampi and the Adovada Sliders. The shrimp scampi was good... it sat on a bed of seasoned rice. Some of the rice was a tad dried out and hard but the flavor of the dish made it easy to ignore. The sliders were out right orgasmic...I don't even smoke and I would have said yes to a cigarette when I'm finished. There's not much more to say... if you like meat, you like pork ( I'm not normally a huge pork fan)and you can tolerate a little heat you'd be crazy not to try it.  The place is tiny but service is quick and pretty efficient. Plus I went during happy hour... Definitely got my money's worth.
5	In all the years i have been eating here i have never once experienced a bad meal or service.  I absolutely love the vibe of this place and it really is the only place in town that i would stand outside for more than an hour to get into.  Sure, if it's packed you can just get in your car and drive a couple miles north to Rokery J or Richardsons and i highly suggest you do so i can get a seat faster.  I really love the food and the people that work here top off the experience.  Sitting there today and watching the chef prepare meals was like watching a great musician play his or her instrument.  It was so fun to watch in fact that i was moved to write this long overdue review.  Thank you Dick's hideaway.  If you weren't here i don't know what i would do.
5	I absolutely love this place. Even more, I love bringing people here for the first time. The experience of eating here begins before you even step foot in the restaurant. You have to know where to go since there is no outside sign. Once you are in, it is probably unlike any restaurant you've been to - feels much more like a dive bar (in a good way!). I always choose to sit along the bar so I can watch the food being prepared. The dishes are huge and packed with flavor. If you haven't been before, definitely make sure to try it. And if you have an out of town guest, this is the perfect place to bring them.
5	Discovered this little gem for Breakfast.  The Adovada with eggs is just freakin amazing!!!  Everything we ate was full of flavor and what we have been looking for since moving the Phoenix.  This is definitely our new favorite breakfast place.. I can't wait to try literally everything else on the menu!
5	What can I say that hasn't been said.  We tried this place based on Yelp reviews.  It was so good we came back the next day for happy hour.  First breakfast:  I had the chile rellenos platter.  You have a choice of fillings.  I chose cheese and the a choice of red or green chile sauce.  I chose both.  Loved them both for different flavors.  Hubby had huevos rancheros.  Also excellent.  I ordered a Bloody Mary which was seasoned perfectly and it came with a beer back which I've never had before but they fit together perfectly.  We came back the next day for happy hour (7 days a week) and had the small plates.  Very tasty and easy on the wallet.  The bartenders are very nice, make you feel welcome and take care of your every need.  This place is not for everyone.  It really is hidden away ( no exterior sign).  Inside is dark and kinda seedy looking but I think it adds to its charm.  On second thought, don't go here.  I want to make sure there's room for me on the bar stool.
4	Either you get it or you don't...if you don't get it don't Yelp about it.  Dick's is a Central Phoenix staple. Great southwestern food..great quick service with a little bit of an attitude which is good..if you don't like tight dark spaces, spicy food and service with a little bit of attitude Dick's isn't for you.
5	I enjoyed the Benedict combo for brunch.  The place is a real hole in the wall and you have to know about it or you'll definitely miss it.  Great service and great food and reasonably priced. Definitely worthy of the high ratings it has gotten.
5	Our best meal in Phoenix. Started with some Green Chile Sliders which were hot and spicy (just like my wife). The I had the Carne Adovada (which was awesome) and my wife and her mother had a trifecta of enchiladas. Everything was fantastic. The place is a little divey with an eclectic and fun crowd. Looking forward to breakfast next time we're in town.
5	Excellent brunch and excellent service! This is going to be short and sweet, if you can make it out for brunch, get the carne adovada benedict and enjoy!
5	Great food and excellent service!!! Great place for unique food and nice drink selection. Alway have a great time here! Alway choose the special and have always been happy with it!
5	Wow, I can't believe I haven't been here in years.  I should keep this place in my rotation more often, it is really awesome, however be aware it is really small.  They have pretty good wines on their list, but their margaritas are amazing.  The food is really spicy, my husband was in heaven.  I had the carne adovada sliders, so delicious and my husband had the pork, shrimp and beef enchiladas.  I had a taste of each of them, they were so yummy.  They also have a room for private parties, you can reserve it with $500, that will towards the bill that night, so it is a pretty good deal if you have a large group and you want to enjoy their food and drinks. Hmmm, my birthday is coming up pretty soon!
5	It's simple people....  If you're in Phoenix, this is the place you must visit.  You won't regret it. Fantastic!
5	First had to find the place!  After driving in circles - I saw the address on the door. There is NO SIGN. Look for the beat up brown wooden door. Ordered take out- New Mexico enchiladas with green chile pork, shrimp & chicken with green chile.  Yummy!!!!  Served with beans, rice and a tortilla.  Ate about 1/3rd of my entree. Large portion.  Looking forward to leftovers.  Worth locating. Looking forward to returning to try other menu items.
4	A little hard to find with no sign indicating that its Dick's but it has a nice dim atmosphere. Service was good too. I order the pasta and it wasn't that good, but everything else that was ordered to my table was pretty tasty!
5	Breakfast is truly authentic New Mexico cuisine.  Their meats are to die for. I've been several times. Tried many of dishes but still not all.  You cannot go wrong with the carne adovada, huevos rancheros ( bacon cooked in)...make sure you ask for Christmas on the sauces ( that's both red and green chili sauce).  The staff is always courteous and helpful. Don't miss out on their amazing Bloody Marys either.
5	The major 'issue' with Dick's Hideaway/Richardson's is that no matter what you order, you're missing out on what you didn't order!! You're screwed regardless. So what to do?? My best answer is to keep going back each day/weekend/whatever, and ordering something different each time. "YOU CAN'T GET IT WRONG!!" My daughter and I just had Sunday brunch with drinks. After going insane trying to figure what dish to have, I chose the french toast, egg and sausage meal. She had the steak and egg meal, i.e. poached egg. Both meals, to die for ... The staff was, as always, very courteous. Though still full from the meal, as I write this review, I'm salivating about what (different) I'll be ordering next Sunday/weekend/whatever.
5	"Hideaway" is the only way to describe it. Even with GPS, I had to drive by several times and finally just walked up to the door. There was no sign, and the only reason I recognized it was because there was a sign hanging inside the door with the other restaurants in the 'family's' names on them.There was a private party in the dining room, which made it even more cramped than most people have described. We were at a ledge facing the wall in the back of the bar. The coziness didn't bother me, but I could see how it might not be loved by everyone.I had to order the carne adovado after all the rave reviews, and it was definitely equal to its reputation. I wished I didn't have breakfast plans for the next morning, because I would have loved to have made another meal. I love spicy food, and it was definitely up there on the heat scale. My dining companion ordered the sliders and the waiter was very good about not putting chile sauce on them.I was drinking beer, but the wine list looked good and the bar was well stocked. It was definitely worth the struggle to find it. Be patient!
1	Fuck YOU Dick's Hideaway, I'm done with your "we seat according to our attitude" policy. I walked in by myself on this beautiful Saturday looking for a late lunch and the bar was full. So I ask one of the waitstaff where can I sit. The two four tops are wide open and so is the deuce that faces the wall. I asked him if I could sit at the 4 since it was way past lunch and not likely to get busy again until the dinner rush. He said "wherever you like". So I sit down and the next member of the waitstaff comes over and asks "how many in your party"?  I said it was only me. She said "we only allow 2-4 to sit at these tables". Good by Dick's!  You're completely HIDDEN from my future dining plans. I told the server I didn't want to stay and thanks for making me feel so welcome!
5	Great food! Went here with my wife and daughter and the food and service was great! I would definitely recommend this place to anybody!
4	Often forgotten, even as a neighbor (only because of the speak-easy lack of signage) but always a great place.  Little known fact: Dick's serves breakfast every day starting at 7am and their breakfast meals are amazing!  Go in for dinner and get there early, because this joint is small and space is limited.
4	Dick's Hideaway is a true gem.  Located in a trendy mid town Phoenix location, this place offers a true dive vibe with exceptional food.  Going there on a Sunday early afternoon with a couple buddies, I was eager to see what this place was all about.  I'm pretty sure Jimmy Hoffa's body is easier to locate than this place, but once you do find it you're in for a treat.  It's small, but luckily we were able to get an open table right away.  The beer selection could be better, but I wasnt complaining.  I ordered a chorizo breakfast burrito with red chili sauce which was great in size and taste.  For only $5, was a gonga of a deal.  Highly recommend so get over there now!
5	Omg I love this place! I got a Bloody Mary that comes with a beer chaser. Such a good combo. For lunch I got the spiced burger and fries. Their portions are huge, served on huge plates. Definitely could share if needed. The burger was super tasty. My friend ordered the enchiladas and those were incredible. I'm convinced anything on the menu is a hit. New favorite place.
5	I went in for brunch, while waiting for the rest of my party to arrive I got to meet one of the cooks, Spencer.  He was great, and funny. He ended up taking my order, and coming back to check in. My food was amazing and I was so impressed with this cooks dedication. I cant remember our servers name, but she was fantastic as well. The menu was exceptional.  We all had a wonderful time and can't wait to come back Thank you so much!
5	I travel a lot for work but whenever I'm back in Phoenix I stop here for brunch. The staff is great, the atmosphere is pleasant, and the food is even better. As the name would suggest it's a hole in the wall joint without any sign to let you know where it is. My favorite is any one of the eggs Benedict meals. It may sound weird but I love the Ham / tenderloin there. They smoke it themselves and then cook with a wood fire grill. Awesome. Busy time are kind of hit and miss but considering they have absolutely no advertising their doing pretty well.
5	Breakfast at Dicks is a treat if you like New Mexican food    any time in in the area I catch done and at least one breakfast from Dicks Hideaway.  The eggs Benedict is unusual in a fanatic way    I'm glad I don't live in Phoenix because I'd eat myself to death  breakfast at Dicks Hideaway is the best I can get
5	Another spot that will make your rotation Hidden gem with charm and simplicity.. the mimosa's are full no skimping for this place! French toast to die for.. and new friendly people to meet every time I walk in the door!
4	Let me start off by saying my husband and I absolutely love this place. In fact it is one of our most favorite spots in phoenix. The happy hour here is phenomenal. Love the cheese dip, shrimp scampi and the chile rellenos. Definitely authentic mouth watering New Mexican cuisine. So why am I giving this four stars? Only because it is such a small restaurant and most of the time the back room is being rented out by private parties. Also definitely not a kid friendly place which is a total bummer for us because we have a newborn and no babysitter to leave our little one behind with which means no more dicks hideaway :(...however this will be our first stop when we get a night out.
5	I am imagining that there is a great chef behind the scenes due to the number of specials and caliber of the food and combinations.  I had salmon with the awesome mix of asparagus, corn and wonderful sauce.  It was so delicious.  The platter had tons of asparagus, and the salmon portion was large, so no skimping here!  I will definitely go back when in town.Tiny place, but packs a punch!  I went here with some friends on a Sat night and somehow the wait was only about 15 mins??  There is really no place to wait, so we stood in the doorway and had our drinks.  It worked out.  Anyway, the menu was mostly seafood and there were tons of specials for the evening. Ambiance is on the dark side and pretty loud.
5	This is a gem!  A bit difficult to find, but if you locate the address, your in.  Great breakfast drinks and amazing food!  Cocktail prices are very reasonable; $5 for a Bloody Mary and a beer chaser.
2	Food here is really good.  I am pretty regular to all of the Richardson's restaraunts.  I have to complain about a new sharing policy.  I took my pregnant wife there who couldn't handle eating an entire entree since they are pretty large.  When we requested to share (not split) a meal, they charged us an additional $5.  What kind of policy is this?  As a paying customer, is it reasonable to stick it to me like this?  Disappointing for sure.  I will be frequenting other establishments that appreciate their customers ie. upward projects and LGO.  Dicks lives up to the name
4	I'd like to say this is one of Phoenix's best kept secrets, but with almost 350 reviews, I'm the one late to this party! I'm sure I wasn't the first one to have trouble finding the place. I was parked directly in front for what felt like 5 minutes before I realized that the dark door with no sign was the entrance to Dick's. Once inside, the seating was limited to 10-12 bar stools and 4 tables - The other side of the restaurant was closed to a private party. I have no qualms with limited seating, and in this case was worth the 15 minute wait.Once seated, service was decent enough, however I could tell that they had a lot going on our waiter also doing bartender duty. The menu was extensive with a moderate sized nightly-menu and about a dozen items on their special board. I ordered the Carne Adovada and was able to sample one of the special menu items, the Seafood Trio (I can't recall the exact name). The last time I had Carne Adovada was over at Carlsbad Tavern in Scottsdale. Comparably, the one at Dick's was far above and beyond. The meat was tender, the spices complimentary and not too overpowering, and the sauce -- well, it was knock-me-off-the-chair spicy. They do forewarn you on the menu of this, so I can't knock any points off for it. It was enjoyable, my stomach just wishes I had gotten the sauce on the side.The Seafood Trio came with Salmon, Mahi, and Swordfish, each with a different sauce. The Mahi and Salmon were pretty well cooked, although the Swordfish was a little too dry - Which might have had to do more with the quality of the fish than the cooking duration. For me, one of the highlights was an inventive (but certainly not fancy) side dish with creamed corn, asparagus, and brocolini. Off the cusp, it might sound a little off, but the combination of sweetness of the corn worked well with the greener vegetables.Of the 'New Mexican' restaurants I've been to in the Phoenix area, this is certainly one of the better ones, if not the best. In comparison to the also good Carlsbad Tavern, I would personally recommend Dick's.
3	I had the grilled shrimp, the enchiladas, and the sliders. Nothing really blew me away and although I asked for spicy, it wasn't. The shrimp was the best. It was also really hard to find and was not on the corner like the directions said.
4	What a find! Actually, it wasn't easy to find, but once we did, we had an absolutely fantastic brunch. My daughter and I stopped in before heading for the airport, and were greeted and seated immediately. The community tables were a little unusual, but we had nice, albeit brief, conversations with others seated before and after us. The huevos rancheros were fantastic, with just the right amount of warmth, and the New Mexico sausage is not to be missed. My daughter had blueberry pancakes, and found them light, fluffy, and flavorful. The only downside was the service. While it was good, it was a little confusing with several servers offering coffee refills - sometimes infrequently, and once 3 times on 3 minutes. Value was good for the money. I will have to stop again for a lunch or dinner.
5	This place really is a hideaway! Hard to find and with no sign, just a menu posted next to a door. Best kept secret in Phoenix. Been here several times now, and love it more every visit. It is small, dark and cozy inside...with some of the most amazing southwest and New Mexico style food. They have a full bar, happy hour food and drink specials, and open late! I always get the New Mexico Enchiladas, and the Carne Adovada. INCREDIBLE! Their red and green sauce are to die for! Daily specials also available...just check the board. I can't say enough good things about it. Give it a try and you'll see what I mean. The place is small, so get there early, and parking is ample...located in a small strip mall. See you there! :-)
2	I stopped in for drinks one night and was captivated by the incredible smells.  Naturally I returned a night later and ordered the special, mahi mahi with pineapple salsa, some fancy GCP potato that sounded delish and veggies. Oh, there was salad too but it was as dreadful as the food so I forgot. Salt salt and more salt!!!! The fish was flavorless and so so dry, the potatoes and veggie were pure salt. So sad. Two stars for great service.
5	I absolutely love this place!   I moved to Phx almost 3 years ago & discovered this place pretty quickly.   I'm now getting ready to move to DC and hosted a dinner here for my team.  They were all amazed at the quality of the food,  service, and atmosphere.   I am going to miss this place,  but hopefully I have passed it on to others who will also share.   We had a number of different dishes, and everyone raved about how good it was.
5	My mom is from Santa Fe. I lived in New Mexico for over 20 years. I have eaten my way up and down the entire state of New Mexico. I have eaten at every well known and every hidden little dive in that state. So I think that my opinion should carry a little weight (just my 2 cents).The food at Dick's Hideaway is on par with the very best in Santa Fe. All of the dishes are made from scratch. I don't think there is anything in that kitchen that has ever seen a can. Every time I eat there I don't wanna brush my teeth for a few days so I can lick my chops and relive the  whole thing all over again.I plan to go there this Saturday morning again, and invited my two brothers to join me. We will all enjoy Huevos Rancheros, over medium eggs, with beans and fried potatoes smothered in beautiful dark red New Mexican red chile..YUM!!!
5	This is such a quaint place. It is tiny, but makes up for the lack of space with excellent food, drinks, and service. It just means you can be closer with the peeps you came in with. The New Mexico enchiladas are the most delicious and tastiest items on the menu. As a former New Mexican, it is nice to be able to come to a place that tastes like home. Stop in with a friend or two...it's worth it!
5	Holy crap!! What a gem! Dick's is amazing food with an amazing ambiance. I rolled in for brunch on my own when I was in town on business and I am so glad I did! I ordered the Carne Adovada eggs Benedict bc if the reviews and it was phenomenal. The bloody marys are amazing and so Spicy that they give you a tiny beer on the side to cool your mouth off. The mimosas were $5 and huge in a Nice big wine glass. I made friends at the bar, and it was a blast being there. The staff is friendly and trust me, you will want to go back and try more. It's My first day in town and i'm already thinking about how I can get back there for dinner To try something else!
5	What a great experience! Definitely coming back & bringing friends next time. Between the constant service, deliciously full flavored meals & the atmosphere...It has officially ranked on to my Top 10 List!
5	The best place for Bloody Marys in town! The food is incredible and the service is stellar. Each time I've gone there's been a bit of a wait (its a tiny place) but totally worth it!
5	This place is hard to find, hence hideaway!  It's inbetween Luci's and the hardware store. It's dark inside, but has a cool vibe. The service was awesome!  So friendly and welcoming. We ordered the carne adovada burrito and the enchiladas. All very good!  It's not a heavy greasy consistency like you experience in some other Mexican restaurants. Love this place and would return!!
5	Most amazing brunch i've ever had. There was a couple here who said best in AZ and they have been coming here for 20+ years. Well they started us off on high expectations and DH delivered. Delivered completely. The bartender/server here was very friendly and knowledgeable about their menu. Like the ins and outs of the menu. We asked for some recommendations and he said anything with the carne adovada is great. This was true.My wife got the carne adovada benedict. I got the rellenos and eggs with red and green sauce. both of these dishes were amazing. My rellenos were/are perfect eggs were cooked amazingly. We watched the chef prepare our dishes and wow it was filled with anticipation of: "is that what i ordered? that looks soo good".The carne adovada, like the server said was amazing. It was tender, delicious and delicious and delicious. I don't know how else to describe it. The meat was juicy, not dried out which lots of places have dry meat. the Egg to the benedict was perfect and runny. I've had some benedicts recently where they served it basically soft boiled and swear thats how its supposed to be.Also the hollandaise was delicious. it was a perfect fit on this benedict. Really well made, even smooth texture. Yet  still rich (which is what you want).This place is DARK! so older people be aware and sit somewhere with a light so you can see your menu. The room with the tables would be best for more lighting. I loved how dark it was. It really gave the place an old time feel. When you walk in your hit with a burst of a nice smokey smell from their wood fire grill. There is the bartop with a few high tops to sit at as well.The backroom has three large tables which could accomodate a group of people. Definitely not a child friendly place if it was to be packed. I am not sure how crowded it gets, but by the taste of their brunch I am sure they get really packed. We went on a Thursday morning and there were only a handful of people there. It was a little bit busier by the time we left. My recommendation. Sit at the bar/hightop area, its a better experience. Ask the server for his/her recommendations. sit back and relax.
5	It is refreshing to come to a venue that offers something different. Not only it si secluded and somewhat exclusive, when one has managed to get a seat in a small booth-like table with no space - but I like it. It makes me feel like I am in a place that is not a franchise (if it is, I don't want to know). This establishment is austere without being uncouth in any way, like a diamond in the rough that you do not want to polish. The servers are amazing. Personable and friendly. On top of their shit, and not too busy to squeeze in a joke here and there. The beer list is not extensive, but it works. The food menu is nice. Overall this is my kind of place. I would come here often if I didn't have a decent drive associated with it. The bathroom is one coed bathroom located in the kitchen. This is good and bad, it feels odd walking into the kitchen - but I like that you can walk into the kitchen. A feel of transparency to see what is going on in here. What I bring home from my visit is the service, and the feel of the place. Both are top notch. Yes, there are things that I could suggest that would improve my experience - but i'd rather not. I want to leave this place as I found it and hope that they do not change.
3	For my wife and I, this was a two-star experience at best, but you may enjoy it more, IF (capital letters):1.  You don't mind sitting in a small crowded area on torn stools and quite possibly waiting in line for it (it's open seating and pretty much no reservations).  To be fair, you might find a place in the dining area up the steps, but it only has one very large table and two or three small ones.  The bar area also seats about 20 to 25.  At Sunday brunch it was very crowded.2.  You aren't really concerned about erratic service so long as it is polite.3.  You like very spicy food.  I personally like some spice in my food (I order medium heat when given a choice) but this goes way beyond that.  I also like spicy-flavorful, but this was spicy-overwhelm the flavor.4.  You are not value concious, because prices are a bit steep here.Obviously I will not be back so why do I think you might enjoy it?  Well, it's different - A.  The food gets high marks for creativity and you might enjoy it if you can take the heat.B.  It's clean -- a hole-in-the-wall but a clean one.  You might enjoy the "quirky" ambiance.
4	The best kept little secret in town. Don't tell anyone about this restaurant, its outstanding service, delicious New Mexico cuisine, and its ecliptic atmosphere.
2	My friend and I went here today after she has been raving about it for weeks.  Loved the interior and feel of the place and had high hopes.  I ordered the adovado benedict but was really disappointed.  The pork wasnt that spicy like it promised,  very little hollandaise, way too much pork and the english muffin was super burnt - it was so burnt I could smell it and see it through the dark adovado sauce.  I kind of wonder if they knew the sauce would cover it and were too lazy to re-toast another one.  Unfortunately the waiter didn't come back for a good twenty minutes so I just ate a little of the pork and eggs.  Nothing about this was good, probably because it was just a heaping pile of pork with way too much sauce and all the other flavors were accents.  I tried my friends "Heidi Pasta", which was good but kind of bland.  Had potential though!  Overall, I think this place might be good and I just got a bad dish.  No, I got an absolutely disgusting dish.  Maybe it was the cook, maybe it was my taste... Who knows.  I was really pissed I paid $14 for like 5 bites though.  I wouldn't be back unless someone else is paying, I still have a bad taste in my mouth.  :-(
3	Saw all the reviews and decided to see what it was all about. Walked in and had to wait about 30 minutes. No actual waiting area. Just stood around waiting. We're offered water but never actually received it. Finally sat down then waited for the sporadic service. You can definitely see who the regulars are. They got seated quicker than most and definitely received better service. Sat on a small table close to another table. So the whole time I had to lean forward so I wasn't back to back with a stranger.  Tables were small after their big plates were served. Food was why I gave it 3 stars. Tenderloin egg Benedict's were good. Cooked great. Beans were dry and potatoes were decent. Never received or was offered a refillOn my ice tea. Finished my meal paid and went next door to Luci's to get a drink and dessert. Overall it was ehhh. I more than likely won't be returning. Food was good. Experience wasn't great.
5	Best breakfast and Bloody Mary I have ever had. Bar none! Service was superior and although the ambiance is subjective, it's right up my alley. If I could give more stars I would. Try the eggs and enchiladas!
4	It's listed as Mexican, which is a mis-categorization. It shares menu's with sisters Richardson's and the Rokerij. So, it's really a New Mexican fusion with lots of fresh fish and always excellent specials.The Hideaway is petite, though with an extra room available on brunch- filled weekends. The wait for brunch on the weekends can be lengthy if you're more than two, but it's worth it. The food is great, and I recommend sharing a plate unless you plan on leftovers. I frequent this place and have only two gripes, otherwise would have given 5 stars. 1.) cocktails are outrageous. $10 for a manhattan otr. 2.) more than once I've seen a cook handle raw food without gloves and have sent it back due to this, so keep an eye out. It's an open kitchen which I prefer.Otherwise it's bomb!
5	Always amazing food at the hideaway.  The drinks will help sooth the burn of the spicy food but it's all good for sure.
4	A friend and I came here today because she knows I am always looking for a good New Mexico Mexican place to eat. We split the Carne Adovada and the Chili Relleno platter. They were both so good! I want to come back for breakfast because that also looked amazing!
3	This place is hard for me to understand let alone review. So I decided to go in the middle with three stars. I'm only going to touch briefly on the food. It's not really the reason I wanted to review this.  Get ready for a rambling of mixed feelings.Some friends took me here on a Wednesday night around 7 PM. They have been here before and had nothing but good things to say about it. If they hadn't driven I don't know if I would have been able to find it. There isn't a sign above the door. I later found out this is on purpose. We walked in and the first thing I noticed was the small space and dim lighting. My friend explained to me that if you see a table then you take it. Otherwise you have to sit at the bar or wait for a table to open up. There aren't a lot of them, and the last one was taken by the party they walked in before us. So we ended up sitting at the bar. I don't mind bar seating though. Some places I actually prefer it and this seems like it would be one of them.The bartender was very polite and attentive. He answered all of our questions and even offered samples of beer we were asking about. We split some kind of queso dip with spinach and chorizo in it. I was enjoying it a lot until I got a bite of something super spicy and I had to stop for a few minutes. I'm not exaggerating, it was painfully spicy. And not even the good kind of spicy; burning pain kind of spicy. I ordered a burger for my entree. It was a spiced burger with bacon, barbecue sauce, avocado, and a huge hunk of cheese. It was such a thick slice of cheese that it didn't even melt all the way through. I picked off the unmelted chunks and took my first bite. I cringed as the taste of burnt food filled my mouth. After closer inspection I discovered it was the bacon. It tasted like the residue from all the other food that had been cooked in that spot on the cooktop. So burnt bacon and unmelted cheese aside, the actual burger was just ok. It was seasoned nicely and not to greasy, but there was nothing extraordinary about it. I honestly expected more after all the hype from my friends and the bartender. The fries were delicious and crispy, but not a lot of places can screw up fries. My friends got meat skewers and a pasta dish. I didn't try either dish but they looked and smelled good. So the food was fine. Here comes the rant. I am always looking for a place that offers great costumer service. When I go to a restaurant I'm paying for not just a meal, but the staff that's making me feel like a valued guest. This place is adorable and trendy. It feels kind of like you're walking into an exclusive club where only the cool people can eat. I love that part if it. However I don't love the sense of pretentiousness that this place has. I was told they have a policy where they can turn away anyone with a less than totally understanding attitude. In a way this is beneficial to help keep the assholes away, but at the same time it's a service industry. They must be doing well enough that they don't care if people leave and never want to come back. They also don't split checks, and don't split plates. I feel that these are easy enough accommodations that should be made for your paying guests. I just didn't feel like a valued customer here. It felt more like they were just waiting for me to leave so that they can fill my seat with a regular that is going to drink all night. I think this is the thing that bothered me the most. One of the most important experiences in a restaurant is the service. If people don't get good service they don't want to return. The food wasn't good enough to outweigh the pretentious aura. I don't think I'll be returning.
5	Delicious. Walked in and it's a small tavern style place with about 20 seats. Fantastic food!!
5	Being an out of towner, this place wasn't the easiest to find.  Hence the name.  I didn't know what to expect walking in...I thought from the pics it was a burger joint.  Wow was I wrong.  Was in town for a conference w two buddies of mine at the Biltmore, and we were absolutely floored by this place.  Great staff, excellent food. This place made me give Phoenix a much higher foodie rating than before.  Great Job!
3	What a quaint hidden gem. Just the place and decor is worth the visit.The food was just ok though. I had the side salad and the chipotle ribs and it was uneventful.I'll have to go back to try other dishes.Fun fact. There's a shower in the bathroom (puzzle face)
4	Come here as often as possible. This is a great hole in the wall to meet friends, have some great food, where the kitchen is open to the restaurant. Staff is very friendly and the place his dimly lit, but warm. The bar, and tables are made from split trees and the rustic floor just adds to the rustic, New Mexican feel.
5	Looks good and delicious every time. staff very nice and attentive.
3	Part of what I enjoy most when traveling is trying new food. I had wanted to try Dicks Hideaway for a few years and finally got there tonight. My husband are light eaters...especially at dinner. We had intended on just ordering the Carne Adovada. However, when we got there and grabbed the tiny two top facing the wall(the place is small), I noticed the menu noted "ABSOLUTELY no split plates". Did they mean they won't split a plate in the kitchen or we couldn't share a dish? When I asked the server, I was told that they would charge us $5 if we chose to share. Some restaurants charge for split plates because soup or salad come with the main course. That certainly was not the case here. So, we chose to order the Skewers to avoid the ridiculous sharing charge. The portions are insane. And because we are staying at a resort, it's not like we can take leftovers for tomorrow. In hindsight, we should've paid the $5 fee, shared the one dish. The Carne Adovada was tasty. The skewers were terribly boring, bland, and the poor shrimp were over cooked. There's plenty of better food in Phoenix/Scottsdale so I'm a bit confused over their high yelp rating. For me, it was an OK meal but not even close to mind-blowingly good or worth the price.
3	Place was good, but not worth the rave reviews. Service was poor, and our server was aloof. We never received our appetizer. He came by infrequently, spent minimal time at the table, and could be easily replaced by an iPad. The menu clearly states absolutely no split checks or split plates. This place needs to get a new attitude, or a calculator. Service is obviously not high management priority. The Carne Adovada was a salt bomb, but still good. For $17 I could think of a million other things I would rather eat. The atmosphere is cool.
5	Great great chile! Little kick but just great taste. The hamburger was just incredible also. Ambiance was just perfect. Little loud but fantastic everything.
4	Dick's really is hidden away. I had been to Luci's next door several times and hadn't noticed it. DH has a bar right as you walk in and a small dining area in a separate room to the right. The menu is very similar to its sister restaurants, the Rokerij and Richardson's. Great happy hour with a solid margarita and really tasty appetizers; I like the carne adovada sliders, chipotle ribs, and the quesadilla. DH, like its sister restaurants, is on the pricier side but very well worth it.
5	I came here on a suggestion from one of the guys at Magnums.  He said it was a place I had to experience, and I had a lazy Saturday so I decided I'd hit it up.  It's the best place you never knew existed.I did all the normal preparation, look it up, get the intersection and drive.  I felt I knew where it was as it's astonishingly close to the Whining Pig, another place one must visit if in Phoenix.So I drove the 20 minutes it took to get there, took a right on to 16th and a few blocks later I turned around and went to the strip mall to park and look it up with my GPS.  I was pulling out of my parkingspot before I noticed the address, then looked at the door I had parked in front of.  I was there and didn't even know I was.  Unashamed, I drove around the complex, then took a parking spot nearby.I walked in, taking careful notice of the sign that said "Sorry, we're open". What I expected the interior to be like was a dive bar that you'd only go with a few chums to have a beverage and a few beers.  What I found was quite different.The interior was dark, the blinds hid the blinding Phoenix sun and a large bar lined the wall to the left of the door.  Candles were on the tables, and the earthy fire stove helped to illuminate the backdrop.  It was mid afternoon, so the cooks were doing prepwork for the evening, and there were a series of chickens being rotiserried over a wood fire.  The bartender, she was beautiful, although I never caught her name, came to me and asked what I wanted.I had read prior sites on this place and saw it was listed as the best bloody mary in town.  Therefore I asked "I heard this place has the best bloody mary's in town?"To which she replied, "Of course."  I eagerly ordered one plus a water.  I'm a bloody mary lover, so I've learned each place has it's own flavor to it's bloody mary, and sometimes water helps.The concoction was placed in front of me, and I ordered the pork shoulder.  Now one cannot complain about a hand made bloody mary, and this one was good.  It had the traditional celery and an addition of pickled asparagus.  The two mingled well with the spicy bloody, which was served with a shot of beer.  It was delicious, but when compared with Mort's back home, I was missing a beef jerky in it too.Soon a large lump of pig flesh with beans and rice was placed infront of me.  Once again it was well spiced, with a plethora of delicious porky flavor to it.  I didn't need a knife to eat it as tender as it was.I gnawed at the pork until I was thanksgiving full.  You know that fullness, the one where you don't have any more room in your gastric tract for anything else or you may burst. Knowing full well that the best course of action was to retreat and take a nap, I couldn't help but order a unique beer to the region.They had one named "Leg Humper" and as that's one of my old gamer nicknames, I had to have it.  The mellow brew had a hint of yeasty sweetness to it.  Needless to say, the trip back was miserable.  I was on the verge of popping, and was carefully driving so as not to upset the delicate balance I had achieved in settling into my drivers' seat.I kind of feel guilty about posting on this place, as it seems to enjoy it's clandestine anonymity, for goodness sake, they didn't even put a sign out for it.  However, something this good shouldn't be hidden.  Instead I'll post it and hope that I can find a seat next time I show up.  Oh yes, there will be a next time.  Things this good are hard to pass up!
5	The place is small. The door in unmarked but you can find it by the wonderful aroma of pork cooking. My favorite dish there is the Carne Adovada. Im drool ing as I wrtie this. It's my favorite breakfast whenever I come to Phoenix. Start with a plate of beans, potatoes. Top that with a heaping mound of tender pork. Top it with a fried egg and you wont leave hungry!
4	Awesome service and the house margs were yummy. Ordered the roasted garlic app, loved the sauce and the peppers, the garlic was very large and easily spreadable, however no garlic taste. I prefer smaller garlic that is more potent as I love garlic! Ordered the  adovada and it was superb, my husband ordered the pork mole and he liked it. A little pricey but the adovada was worth it. Would not order the garlic again unless they use smaller, more pungent garlic.
5	Fabulous service, ambience and food. Couldn't have found a more unique place to dine in Phoenix. I had the pasta a heidi and my mom had the halibut. Everything was delicious!
4	Food is great.  Slightly expensive for eating at a bar but the food is what brings me back. Can be spicy.  Ask the server for help with that.
5	This place has the best brunch!  It's about a 30 minute drive but we seem to be here at least once a month. Be hungry,  the portions are big but oh so worth it.
5	Funny staff, giant servings
5	This hidden gem is possibly the best restaurant is Phoenix.
5	I definitely had a hard time finding this place, hence the name. I actually drove around twice thinking I missed it since I didnt see a sign. We sat at the bar since all tables taken. I had the garlic plate, which is always my favorite at richardsons. We also tried the scallops which we'd recommend. Friendly staff and overall inviting atmosphere. Try out the bathrooms- located thru the kitchen... kind of interesting and unique.Will come back!
5	Very cool place! Cozy, laid back. Excellent food! Friendly patrons and super sweet staff! :)
5	The Carna Adova and Eggs were so good they brought a tear to my eye... or was it the flaming hot plate they were served on? nasty blister.  Food - 5 Stars
5	I heard this place was a great brunch spot and it was! At first, it's hard to find. It's next to the huge LUCI'S sign under the "Additional Parking in Back" sign. It's one of those places where all items are good, probably. So it depends on what you are craving. Screwdrivers there are a must!
5	Amazing atmosphere, great food, and big portions! This restaurant quickly became one of my Phoenix favorites! I can't wait to go back
5	My husband and I are addicted to New Mexican food.  NEW Mexican.  This place is so perfect for a date night or a foursome.  Bar seating is great, wait service is **ALWAYS** perfection.  If you don't want the ambiance of Richardson's but still want the good food, this place is it.  However, it is SMALL, and the seating goes fast, so manage your own expectations you might not get a seat.  That can be a real disappointment if you are craving carne adovada like I do from time to time.  The stool seating can be a little uncomfortable after a while if you are short like me.  So ladies, wear your heels so you have something to grip on to.  Ha.
5	400th person to review this amazing establishment. Hat's off to the owner, the crew that works here and the amazing food!I had the ever-so popular Carne Adovada Benedict. Words can't describe this dish. They've perfected it for sure. On point on key! MUST TRY!I also was brave enough to order the Green Chile Cheese sliders. Brave I say because all this food I was prepared to take down. The C.A.B was enough but to add this was madness. (Mind you I ordered all this at the beginning). Those sliders definitely had a nip to them. 7/10 for those. But the C.A.B  was definitely a 9.5/10.Go here, be amazed. Cheers!
5	I was in town from NC and was told to give this place a go and let me tell you this is a must have. It's a little tricky to find but definitely worth the hunt. Great staff and even better food. Best breakfast burrito I've ever had. Don't come to Phoenix and not stop by.
3	I can't move beyond the scolding I received for attempting to sit at one of the three empty tables in the bar area. It was on off-peak time and indeed the tables remained unused for the duration of my visit, and my only option was the main bar with lighting inadequate for my planned perusal of the Phoenix New Times.I'm not sure why the New Mexico platter includes bacon-wrapped shrimp. Is that a traditional New Mexican offering? The chicken burro was somewhere between Applebee's and movie theater concession caliber. The relleno was good. But the best part of this platter is the chile. The green is as excellent as its reputation and the red gives a fiery kick.The carne adovada sliders put the red chile to good use and were also larger than typical sliders.
5	The place has no sign, was absolutely full of customers, has a respectable wine and beer list, serves fantastic enchiladas, and the staff KNOW service! Both thumbs up!
5	Fabulous. Had brunch here. The Adovada with anything and the Chile Verde are delicious with a heft of spice. Highly recommended.
2	Ummm.... Wow!!! I never thought I'd write a bad review of my favorite restaurant. The winds of change have blown over Dick's and rendered it impotent. I've been coming here for 20 years and never thought... They stopped carrying my favorite beer, removed my and my girlfriend's favorite dishes from the menu and jacked up their prices through the roof (which they've been doing for awhile). The only reason I give them 2 stars is for their 5-star service staff. If it weren't for them.... NO STARS FOR YOU!!!Save your $$$ and go to the Vig across the street
5	Another winner for me and the wife. Spicy however (we love our food spicy anyway :-)). We had the enchilada and the new mexican dish. Service was top notch.
5	Freakin Amazing!  The roasted Garlic is a meal on its own.  The Carne Adovada is top shelf...  will be trying to recreate that this weekend at home....
5	Fantastic place with good service and upscale food. Dark and intimate and tucked out of the way. They offer highend New Mexican dishes and a fantastic selection of microbrews and wine.Its on the repeat list for future dinners and lunches! Stop in for something intimate and unique.
5	By far THE BEST PLACE to eat in Phoenix!  The food paired with the atmosphere is completely SPOT ON when it comes to southwestern comfort food!  I've had the opportunity to come to Dick's only on a couple of occasions since I live out of state but it has now become my must-go-to-spot when I fly into town, even going so far as to adjust my flight schedule to accommodate my craving.All I will say is SMOKED PORK!  OMG...it's like sensory overload when it comes the pork paired with the hollandaise sauce on the benedict and then you add the beans and potatoes, it's quite possibly the best breakfast on the planet!Know before you go:It's called "Hideaway" for a reason...it's virtually impossible to find.  Look for the hardware store and the door will be to the left.  There is no sign.It's always crowded so be ready to sit at a community table if there is no room in the bar.  It may seem awkward but you can meet some interesting folks AND you have a great view of the fireplace with just a slight sent of mesquite.Their Bloody Mary's are BOMB-diggity served with a shot of beer which I like to pour in.  Great hangover remedy!They open early at 7am to accommodate my early arrival flights!  Booya!Kids are not recommended and they're not afraid to tell you.
1	The Richardsons restaurants are fun, unique and delicious...have always been my favorite.
5	I was randomly looking for somewhere to eat lunch today, saw some pics of the food and thought I would give it a try. Legit probably one of the best things I've ever tasted. The carne Arvada is so flavorful it's unreal. One of the staff told me how they smoke the meat and chilies and they def do a phenomenal job. I'll absolutely be back.
5	Great bar. Great food. Great service. This place must be packed during busy hours. I suggest after lunch or happy hour.
4	Busy and difficult to park, but well worth the effort. fantastic rellenos for breakfast... I'm happy to pay the price for delicious. Four star only because the place is so damn popular/busy and hard to get into. but it rules a very nice niche!
5	Santa Fe chicken is succulently amazing !! This palace is very unique and the margaritas are awesome. My mother had the Carne adobada and she was so happy that wants to come back again. My bf got the Pasta Heidi , creamy spicy and delicious ! Great place to eat if you are looking for New Mexican style .
4	Dick's Hideaway is the smaller and cooler version of Richardson's.  This place will forever have a spot in my heart because they serve brunch until 4pm every day.  Yes, you read this correctly, Every Day.  When I lived in AZ, I stopped in a few times for drinks, but it took moving away and coming back to visit to finally come to my senses and order food.  Duh.Happily settled in with my mimosa (scandalously on a Monday!) my friend and I enjoyed:Carne Adovada Benedict  with hash browns - I cannot say enough good things about this.  The generous portion of delicious pork topped with two perfectly poached eggs completely hid the English muffins beneath.  I ordered this without the beans that usually accompany it, and there was still more food than I could possibly finish.Carne Adovada & Eggs - more glorious pork, served with eggs (any style) and beans.Roasted Garlic Plate - not quite sure what we were thinking when we added this to our (already large) order.  I was happy we did, though.  An enormous head of roasted garlic served with toasted bread, roasted chilies and cheese.  I was absolutely safe from vampires for the rest of the day.  Our bartender/waiter was fantastic.  Handing me another mimosa before I can even think of asking for it will make me love you forever.  For-Ev-Er!A word of advice.  Don't touch the plates.  No matter how badly you may want to. They are HOT.  Trust me on this one, OK?
5	Amazing Mexican restaurant, the best pork tacos and Enchiladas we have every had!!Hard to find, look for a metal sign that says "additional parking in rear" and the front doors are underneath.
5	Enjoyed brunch here before the Fiesta Bowl. I ordered Richardson's Combo and could not have been more happy - creamy jalapeno benedict with pork loin, two enchiladas, and asparagus. Easily the best chicken enchilada I've ever had.
5	Great atmosphere.  Fantastic food.  Great service. Well worth a visit for a casual dining experience for small parties.
