5	I went to a "soft opening" this evening, the night before the official, full evening, and with that in mind (as with any new business), there are hiccups, but it went well overall, and any critique I make is in the interest of the place actually staying open and around for years to come, because frankly, I want it to.There is some awesome gaming at Insert Coins, as in games that you don't see at ANY arcade.  For instance, the Star Wars arcade game, Pac-Man Plus (perhaps a little too weird for my tastes, even as a Pac-Man fan), and Tapper.  Not Root Beer Tapper, but Tapper with Budweiser beer.  That was super cool, as I've never played it before.There are also lounge areas where you can play games, everything from Atari 2600, and Colecovision to Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.  It's a very nice set-up.There's also some really cool art on the wall, from video game art to toys I played with as a kid.  Paintings of Robo Force(!) next to artsy photos of classic Star Wars action figures?  Sold.  I also liked the Metroid mural by the DJ booth.The drinks and bar staff were also very good.  Reasonably priced booze fare, and even the arcade games were reasonably priced. The "specialty gaming-themed cocktails" as mentioned on the website were not present at the bar tonight, but the barkeep made me a nice rum drink that is still lingering on the outskirts of my head.The arcade itself?  Let's face it: The glory days of the arcades of the 1980's and 1990's are gone.  Finding a good arcade in the 2000's was a Holy Grail, and these days?  All but extinct.  This arcade feels almost like it's more pop art, a collection of memories from those days gone by.  Those who like games will enjoy it.  Those who want to drink and listen to house music will likely enjoy it as well.  It's definitely an arcade, but in a more artistic style.  At least someone cares in making sure that the arcade hasn't fully died out.Bear in mind that I am a gamer.  I used to work in the business years back, so being among some of those old titles was like being among old friends.  Destroying Reptile as Sonya Blade in Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 was a long denied satisfaction (consoles just can't recreate it), and as I administered a long mentally archived Fatality, I grinned to myself that yes indeed, I "still got it". It's for that reason that I look at the place as a gamer, and not even technically being "Day 1" until tomorrow, I remain non-critical, as bugs will always need to be worked out.First off, I don't know what machines are held in their rotation, but some games featured in their promo videos were not present.  That's not to say that there wasn't a good selection, but I was sorry to not see Paperboy or Spy Hunter or Robotron like I drooled over in the ads months before.  Perhaps one day, we'll see things come in and out as the Pinball Hall of Fame currently does it.  There is also a lot of space that could still be used for gaming.  Perhaps that's the idea, but I MISS the days of the wall to wall arcade.  I don't know if some of the space is meant for dancing or just standing, but I see prime, untapped gaming area.  Greedy?  Perhaps.  But just a few more would appease.  More classics, and definitely Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  Also, a venue that big needs more than one change machine.While I'm at it, there are a few things I think would help the arcade.  The games need prices.  I couldn't tell which games were .25 and which were .50.  A small note next to each unit with some background information on each game would be a fun historical lesson that I would like to see.  Finally, several of the machines eat the quarters without allowing to play a game.  A lot.  The staff was only too friendly to fix the coin loss and get you back into the game, but me losing quarters and having to find someone was happening way too many times.  As for their console fare in the lounge area, I would love to see a list of their available console titles presented as a menu.  I know there are some (all?) titles on the website.  I hope the database will continue to expand over time.  Again, I am a gamer.  I was a little surprised to not see any Intellivision or Wii represented.  Or Kinect, for that matter.I also wouldn't mind seeing more pinball.  Granted, I don't want another PHOF here as I feel this place could be a nice compliment to the other place instead of a competitor, but again, some of those Williams/Bally/Midway titles were amazing.I think in time, this place can find its legs, as it's a brilliant idea.  It's plenty geeky, but not geeky enough to scare away people who just want a drink.  If you enjoy both, you'll enjoy the place that much more.  I'll be curious to see how it all turns out once they fully hit the ground running.  I'll check them out again, and I wish them the best of luck.
5	I went the day after the opening. This place fills a void to the crowd that isn't into the whole clubbing thing but enjoys a good drink and game. Since I had an awesome time and can't remember much of last night, I'll list all the things I can weee!PROS:-No cover fee-No dress code-Diverse crowd of people, seriously this is what I really enjoyed about this place-Wall of art with a video game theme duh-Cool murals-Awesome music and visuals that complimented the music, so many televisions!-Reasonably priced drink had cranberry vodka for $6 and an AsF for $10-Retro games galore!-Some couches to sit around and people watch,mind you these aren't the couches where you need to pay. I watched this guy dance in the middle of all the games enjoying himself.CONS:-$100 minimum if you want to sit and play games on the couch, if I wanted to get drunk and play COD:Black Ops I'd rather do it at home-It can be a sausage fest, but there were enough girls the night I was there-There's this huge space for dancing but I wish they had used it for more games If you are like me not into the upscale clubbing or whatever and just want to people watch, play retro games I recommend this place. I'll be definitely coming back to see if any improvements are made.
5	Let's get real: I know nothing about video games. I bowl via Wii occasionally, but that doesn't count. Insert coins is probably more likely a place I would embarass myself more than I care to, but I don't care, this place is awesome. I came here on the grand opening and was impressed not only by the amount of games they had but by the set up itself. Like a lounge, there were tables that could be purchased and each table had a screen and I'm assuming you could pick the game of your choice as different remotes and remote things (see, I'm a video game EXPERT) were available. The bartender we had wasn't 100% sure, but was under the understanding that to sit at a table you had to buy $25 of game play or $25 of drinks which isn't even a tenth of what you'd pay at a lounge on the Strip and they don't even have Wii bowling!Since I came for the drinks, I was pleasantly surprised that they were served in large glasses (I'd say about 12 oz.) and were stupid cheap. My friend and I had mixed drinks and they came out to $7 each. EACH. It would've been rude of me to not order another, so I did and had I not had a five hour drive to Phoenix the next morning, I can tell you that my night there would've ended several drinks later. The bar itself was pretty cool too. On the TV's you could see games being played by others as well as kung fu movies circa 1976 that I'm sure got funnier the more you drink. The tabletop of the bar actually lights up and changes colors and totally sets the vibe for a place that thrives on visual stimulation.Insert Coins is a fun little spot to bring a group of friends or even better a date! It has a relaxed vibe, plenty of entertainment and most importantly wonderfully cheap drinks!
4	I went to Insert Coins for the first time last Saturday and it was an overall fun experience.  I'm not much of a gamer, but all of the old 80's arcade games were a kick to see.  They also had a DJ and and dancefloor and the drinks were reasonably priced.  The place was packed and I think it's a nice addition to the Fremont Street bar scene.
4	Lucky number 200. Came here with some friends and was excited by the concept. I really wish they served food, but this place is pretty bad ass. I think that would be a great addition. Such a fun environment. Plenty of video games to choose from. Many coin operated games as well as more modern games you can play at the bar. Great selection (if only they had Bomberman, sigh).The bartenders are quite friendly and helpful and I was very pleased with the drink options. I got the Blinky, while my fella got the Pac-Man. Yum.  I wish the drinks they were slightly less pricy and had a little more kick (if you know what I mean ;).Old School meets New School games. FUN! Next time, we'll aim to get a booth all to ourselves, hehe. It's definitely a nice addition to Fremont Street. This place is awesome, minus some unfortunate thumb blisters, but I guess that just comes with the territory. Not sure I'll be back regularly, but it's a nice concept.
4	LEVEL REVIEWSTART!My goal in this review is to not come across as a cranky old man. I'm not old, and generally not cranky. Let's see if I can do it.Insert Coins (actually stylized INSERT COIN(S)) is a really awesome concept. Take the local neighborhood video game arcade you hung out at as a kid (for those who remember such places) and now add alcohol. You got it. Saddle up to the bar, pull up a drink and a controller, and you are good to go with everything from Space Invaders to the new Mortal Kombat for the PS3 that just came out a few days ago. The staff is really friendly and is usually pretty good about remembering your name. You can play at the bar for free, at the retro arcade cabinets for 50 cents (with convenient cup holders!) or, if there's a table open, you and your friends can get your game on a private TV for a nominal fee. Want that table all night? Just like a nightclub, bottle service is available. There's also a small dance floor for when the DJs and VJs start spinning/showcasing their videos, and the music is pretty damn good.The drinks were pretty good. Their signature drinks are named after characters from Pac-Man (yay theming!) so I had the ol' Packy himself. Pac-Man (the drink) is made with Bacardi Limon, lemon juice and lemonade. It Pacs (GET IT?? BWAHAHAHA!) quite a pucker, and I had another one. (And another one.)While we're on the subject of drinks, let's talk about some of the flaws of the place. First, to be fair, the place has been open all of a week at most, so they have plenty of time to fix things. And, there is a lot to like about this place so the flaws are really minor in the big picture.The drinks... well... they're kinda expensive. Not Strip priced by any means, but still pretty wealthy. The Pac-Man, while delicious and tart (heheh... I said tart), was served in a lowball glass. For those non-barflys, the lowball is the one you would usually drink a White Russian out of. And the price was $8. Or was it? Sure enough, my super-friendly waitress had to break the news that it actually was $10. Granted, she picked up my third, but that was still a $20 tab on two lowballs.Also, being someone who still owns the gold cartridge versions of The Legend of Zelda and LoZ II, I would have like to see a few more retro games at the bar and tables, not just the arcade area. I didn't see Mario anywhere. :(Finally (and this is where I try not to sound old and cantankerous) the main flaw I felt was all the scenesters. Now I understand this place is trying to be a mix of retro and modern, but I was mildly uncomfortable when as the night progressed it turned into a lot of kids in skinny jeans and nerd chic. Now that a bar has embraced their nerdy love they come out in droves. I'm all for that, trust me. But as a kid who lived through the birth and early days of video games (I'm 29 now) it was somewhat weird being in a bar full of people who had never known a time when Mario couldn't fly or Megaman didn't have Rush. I dunno, maybe it's just me.Anyway, flaws aside, I will definitely be using a CONTINUE to come back to INSERT COIN(S). My only other tips for here would be that it pays to get there a little early because when prime time hits it's like floodgates are released and it fills up with people fast. Also, as soon as you get in, tell the doorman the Konami code and see what happens. (OK, nothing happens. They just look at you funny. And don't tell them your name is Zelda. There is no second quest.)If they can fix their minor flaws there will definitely be a fifth star in the future.GAME OVERCONTINUE?
2	You walk in for the first time and you just shit your pants. Nerd alcoholic dream right? Sit at the bar and you can play games on xbox while you drink. Bottle service? You bet! With your own tv and booth to play games at. Amazing you think. Awesome DJ setup. Even a dance floor to dance awkwardly with that video game loving babe you just met.Here's the real deal. I get in, jizz my pants. I decide to take the mandatory lap you have to do when you first enter a bar. See who's who and what games they have. Fucking awesome selection of classic arcade games and you can't wait to play. My lady friend orders me a drink, which is the shittiest alcoholic drink you could ever receive. (If you want alcohol go across the street to The Griffin beforehand and theyll juice ya up.) I also ask her for some dollars so I can get quarters. I know what you're thinking, "what a fucking loser, he has his gf pay for shit." fuck you, I'll be paying for a 80$ sushi date this week for fucking fun.Me and my buddy chris decide to play house of the dead. Ok, good times. Then we decide to play a little MK2 and these girls tell us the multiplayer doesn't work. Ok. I play a game of Tron by myself. I'm terrible and I lose in 10 seconds. So I walk by another cabinet and this dude is playing Rampage. He finishes and I grab 2 friends to get a game in. I pop the 75 centavos in the machine and it says I have 3 credits. "Alright, Alright, Alright" (Matthew Mcconaughy impression) so my buddy tags in and me and the other person try to, but it won't let us. Even though it clearly says press start and join in. The fucking buttons weren't working! So I nicely go to this gentlemen with long hair in a ponytail and tell him rampage ate my quarters and it won't let us all play. He then precedes to argue with me and tell me that the game costs $.50 to play and that I had to put in more. I tell him that's not true and it clearly says $.25 and let one person played on 1 credit. He then tells me that there were coins left over from someone else. Really? You know this how? And why are you arguing with me? He gets my $.50 and says "I'll give your $.50 back but just so you know it costs 2 credits to play."Now it's not the $.50 I really care about it's the fact, this douche knuckle wanted to argue with me over it. Get games that work and get rid of your douchebag employees and maybe that 2 stars can go to 3. Right now you're nothing more than a hip idea, that's riding the media wave it's garnered.
4	Awesome concept, but seems like it has a lost identity. The original Ground Kontrol in Portland has this niche bar on lock. They actually had cheap beer, tons of awesome games from the 80s and 90s and pinball out the ass. I don't expect you to hit it out of the park on the first at bat, but come on the profit margin must be good enough to lower some of those prices. $5 wells, nothing on tap, expensive mixed drinks, and half of the games were broken. The other half were games that nobody really wants to play. redeeming qualities: booths (except for the price), lots of flat screens, lots of consoles, awesome DJ (even if none of the gamers are dancers). Just wished it were a little more Foot Clan underground.
5	Where else can you get a drink and play Mortal Kombat? This place is awesome and totally what downtown and East Fremont is about. As a local, I am officially a fan and will come here often.
4	This place is mostly all about concept and vibe for me. A hipster bar downtown with old-school gaming? Sounds like a great date spot to me.It is very visually pleasing. Just dark enough, plenty of art, the lounge couches are eye-popping, and the bar top changes colors. The games themselves are also laid out nicely - small clusters as opposed to rows.The good:- Concept- Vibe- Atmosphere- Video game offerings (seemed to mostly be 80s)- Music (good songs and decent volume)- Crowd (almost all locals and friendly)The bad:- Unfriendly bartenders- Eh beer list- No cocktail list- Overpriced (though, certainly not badly overpriced)I did also really like that each video game had drink holders. So no worrying about what to do with your drink and trying to balance it in one hand while playing with the other.All in all, I will absolutely be back again (and again).
4	Ok.  I found this place in the Las Vegas Weekly and had to check it out - I went during mid-day since I saw is open from 12noon to 4am. My first impression was The outside, it is old school exterior with a touch of Vegas.  (You have to understand - I am a child of the 80's and remember sneaking out of my room late at night to play Atari with my brothers - not to mention living in one of the most populated areas that had Arcades for miles and miles on the boardwalk which were always open to me.) The interior - yeah, I drooled,  LCD screens align the lit up neon old school multi-colored bar, which stands in the middle of the place.  As you walk in to the left of the bar an 80's Arcade gamer's past, filled with the likes of TRON (which needed to be fixed), Tapper, Rampage, my old school favorite Donkey Kong, Street Fighters, etc... To the right of the bar and along the wall several sweet looking couches.  In the front of each couch two LCD Screens so when you ask for Bottle service and perhaps have more then 4 people you can play games all night long.  In the back, the dance floor.  Now I didn't stay long enough to find out what music the DJ plays, nor to find out how many people do end up packing in, but I am sure to be back in order to find out soon.So, I gave you the description, now for the experience.  Loved it.  I played a few of my old standard classics, realized its been awhile since I played those old standard classics on an arcade machine.  They had specialty drinks which I didn't actually order but let the bartender fix me up a few of his own (pretty good for a Saturday afternoon at an arcade).  As he was fixing them, I asked to play the new Mortal Combat which by giving my license was quickly given an Xbox controller and started playing right away.  I even signed in with my gamer-tag to catch the points and was just amazed I could do this outside of my own home.  I am such a geek...Since this place is again, only a week old, there were a few things I noticed that I think they should look out for.  Perhaps discuss on how to fix or tweak: 1.  Two times during the course of my gaming experience at the bar the power grid went out.  Not sure if it is being on Fremont Street (many lights) or old electrical, but perhaps have a back up generator or something in case it happens on a packed night and all games in use turn off.  Always stinks when you are in mid-game and something gets turned off - they may hear a massive sigh of "AWE" or "NO". 2. Either change all the 80's arcade games to actually being $.25 or change the slots to say $.50  not cool when you put a quarter in and nothing happens only to find out you have to pay more.  Personally I think they will get just as much cash flow with the $.25 as they would with the $.50 because so many people just want to play their old favorite games and will be even more happy to see it IS that much, guaranteed they'll shell out the cash to play longer.  3. Place prices for drinks on the specialty drink menu.  As far as the other reviews about drinks?  Well it IS Vegas after all (not overpriced but enough to not bring in the cheapskate drunks who give problems) and they are 1/2 priced compared to ANY Drink on the Strip itself so perhaps give some deals or discounts for those people in the "know" and who avidly follow you on Twitter, Facebook, Foursquare or here at YELP.  YELP does have a check-in discount area for businesses which will definitely draw in more people (who you are targeting) to want to check in and... etc... This place has many possibilities!  And I am excited to have found out about it only a week out.  Guaranteed I will be back for more gaming fun and next time with friends!  p.s. I only gave it 4 stars since I haven't seen this place at night yet... I'll stay long enough next time.
4	80s music + video games from the 80s = FUN!When I heard this place had Donkey Kong, Ms PacMan, and Frogger, I knew I had to go!  It's basically a video arcade for adults, meaning they serve alcohol and only let in those 21 and over.  I don't smoke or really drink, but the chance to play some old-school games was too tempting to turn down.  I would highly recommend getting there early if you want a chance to play the games without waiting, which include Centipede, Dig Dug, Asteroids, Tapper, and Space Invaders.   My friends and I were there last night (Saturday) around 8:30pm and it was already busy, but I still got to play my favorites without someone already on the game I wanted.  However, the later it got, the busier and smokier!  I can't hang with second-hand smoke, so I was out of there by 10pm.  I'd go back, but probably in the daylight and without my friend, Toni, who kicked my a$@ on Ms PacMan!
5	Went around noonish and only a few people were there. All the booths were vacant so I had my choice of PS3/Xbox.  The $25 bar minimum may seem steep for one person but, if you're there with a friend or a group, the price is VERY reasonable. They have a decent mix of new console games plus classic coin-ops. They also have a small dance floor... maybe good for b-boy battles or some other guest DJ? I can imagine this place being packed in the evening. Only two minor complaints: no draft beer (just bottles), and only two pinball machines (and both were broken). Kudos to Jennifer and Robin! Gamer girls rock!!!
3	My video game nerd of a husband has been looking forward to this place opening for months now since he read about it in Las Vegas Weekly. The concept is enticing - a hip downtown lounge with old school arcade games, dance floor, cool artwork and bottle service. It is a gamer's dream come true.We went with a group of friends on Saturday night and the place was poppin'. Dance songs mixed with old school video game themes? Sweet! There are rows of arcade games like Donkey Kong, Tron, Pac Man, etc. A huge bar sits in the middle that lights up in various eye appealing colors. Private booths can be rented out by the hour and you can choose any video game console from Atari to PS3.Drink prices are pretty standard. We inquired about getting a private booth and if you got a bottle for $100 you could be there for an hour. I don't really see the point of getting a booth when I could just have friends come over to our house, play games and drink for free. A few things I really dug were the comfy lounge sofas, artwork by local artists, and X-Box games hooked up to arcade cabinets that are free to play.What knocked down a star for me was that several of the arcade games were broken. How could I battle on Mortal Kombat when several of the buttons don't work? Most games were a little pricey at $0.50 per game which really sucks when the game doesn't work. All of the games were side-by-side so you could be sandwiched between two sweaty overly zealous drunk geeks. Knocked down another star for that. All in all, Insert Coins is an innovative concept that Las Vegas really needed. I would go again just to listen to dance music mixed with the Legend of Zelda theme. It's also a great way to get your couch potato of a husband/boyfriend to take you out on a Saturday night!
4	why cant this bar be in santa ana i would live there .. hahaha any place where you can get drunk and play street fighter and ms pacman is a winner in my book.  the drinks were excellent but the bartenders were eeehh..
5	This place is so much fun! Went with my boyfriend to check this place out and it rocks. Fairly reasonably priced drinks, and retro games! I could have spent all day in there playing BurgerTime. Yeah the new games are cool too, but I'm all about the oldies but goodies. Definitely will be going back there. The security guy was really cool and gave me info about doing groups and stuff, that would be so cool for a birthday party. I could stay there all day. MUCH kudos to a new and innovative place.
3	It's midnight and Cinderella's carriage has turned into a pumpkin. Insert Coins, you let me down! I went on opening night and returned a little over a week later to grab a drink before a night out. I had the absolute worst bartender who is the sole reason why I'm knocking two stars off. Ambience was still great, the place was moderately packed for that early in the evening and everyone seemed to be having a nice time.My bartender wasn't overly busy, but she had a few people she was taking care of when I arrived. My pet peeve is when bartenders acknowledge your presence by making eye contact with you but don't actually acknowledge your presence by saying "hey be with you in just a moment". It takes two seconds to tell the customer "so sorry, I'm really busy-I'll be with you in a moment." I don't mind waiting, just acknowledge that you see me. I think this applies to everyone-no one likes being ignored. My bartender didn't have this basic common courtesy down as she passed me several times during the 15 minutes I waited for her to stop without once stopping. Why didn't I leave? I thought Vanguard was closed and was sad to find out later that it wasn't!Anyway when she finally graced me with her presence, she was short with me and seemed annoyed that I was bothering to order. Excellent. I'm an excellent tipper-I often overtip because basic math skills are beyond me. I'm guessing she was one of those lady bartenders who thought that other girls don't tip well and decided to give me crap service because she thought I was going to give her a crap tip anyway. Assumptions will cost you. And it cost her. Wish I hadn't even left the dollar that I did but I'm not an animal. I overheard her chit chatting with another customer and she said that she had another bartending job at the Palazzo-really? Really? Are you rude to girls who have the nerve to sit down and wait for you to serve them overpriced drinks there too?Hoping that when we go back that bartender is gone and the one we had the first time around is back!Also, not a disappointment just a heads up, the colossal drinks I reported in my first review were just an opening night deal-rats! Still a heavy pour for a good price.
3	I really wanted to love it here!!Sadly, I didn't.  The idea is genius: drinks, music, and video games!!!  There are a lot of games, but not enough that I loved.  Also, they were all full!  Maybe I would have a better time if it was less crowded.  Also, it was nearly impossible to see the game console to put the quarters in.  How are we supposed to Insert Coins?? We had to use our phone as a flashlight!There were two pinball games; they both sucked, sadly.  I think I might give this place another go during the day or something, when it's not too busy.  Otherwise, if you actually wanna play some games, good luck!
2	I've played my fair share of games, from retro to the modern.. this place seems to have em all; But coming on a Saturday night rendered everything unplayable due to the packed house. I could barely even walk through the joint with all the people inside.I could see this place being a decent hangout spot to kill time in the afternoon. But at night, this place turns into a sausage fest to which you can't even navigate to play a game in order to forget that you're in this bratwurst bash. It seems like the place is clashing two incompatible cultures: nerd-culture and nightlife. It's sad to see the obvious gamer (me) slouched down sadly because he can't get to his Galaga machine. There's no one playing it, but there's a group of bros trying to hit on the 1 of 5 girls in the entire building.Yeah, the music was bangin'. And yeah, the place did look pretty cool. However, I went here with a couple buddies to simply play games, grab a few drinks, and avoid the "clubbing" atmosphere. We were unable to play any games and the club was brought to us. We ended up walking out and sought something else to do.
4	Originally I was going to do two reviews on Insert Coins because I went to the grand opening and recently returned. I've averaged out my ratings of the two nights:Opening Night: 5 StarsThe night I went last week: 3 StarsSo, overall this venue is receiving a 4-Star rating from me. I love old schools video games and nerdy nuance, and boy does this place speak to me. Drinks, video games, a lax dress code, but a very cool vibe all rolled into one.On opening night they served up drinks in huge water glasses and it was a delight. However, be warned - they have down-sized to normal sized glasses and in my opinion, their beers are somewhat pricey ($6 for a bottle of Blue Moon, not even a draft!). However, I guess in part you are paying for the great ambiance and cleanliness offered to you at a very new and intriguing venue to be added to the bar scene on Fremont.My complaint for my return trip actually comes from the fact that a lady bartender snubbed my friend before I got there. My friend told me she basically did the usual "girl bartender ignores girl patrons" at the bar game. That's why I dislike lady bartenders. And I'm a girl, and yes, I'm saying this - I'd much rather have a drink served to me by a man. Deal with it.Thankfully when I arrived at the bar I was served by a male bartender (red hat, tattoos on the arms); thanks for the quick and attentive service! You made up for the snotty attitude of the first bartender.I am planning a return trip to Insert Coins for my birthday celebration this weekend. Can't wait to get my drink and my old school video game playing on! Overall, I do love Insert Coins, but just a word to the owner: Make sure your bartenders check themselves before they wreck your venue.
4	First and foremost this is a bar/lounge. This is NOT a David & Busters. Anyone going there at night (especially a WEEKEND night) should expect lots of people looking to drink and have a good time. Complaining that a bar is too crowded on a weekend night is a bit silly. As to whether this place is a sausagefest or not, this is a bar with VIDEOGAMES. If you want to go somewhere where there are more women than men walking around, go to Lane Bryant or a lingerie store. That being said, I saw plenty of attractive young women walking around enjoying themselves. It does suck to not be able to sit at the bar and play games with your buddies because it's a bit crowded, but again, it's a bar. If you really want to play games, drink and hang out with your buddies at a bar then reserve one of their booths. We arrived around 9:45. I was betting it'd get pretty busy later, so we went earlier. We were interested in having a few drinks and playing some video games at the bar. Not necessarily hanging out too long or dancing.It was already jumping, but we lucked out with a pair of stools right in front of a game we wanted to play at the bar. The drink prices (as of now) are very reasonable. Overall, knowing what to expect, this place is quite a fun attraction to hang out at.
3	Very excited about this place and left pretty disappointed. It is a great concept, however the execution is a clusterfuck.Look at the layout. Lots of negative space and then the videogames are just shoved into rows. Theres these big bottle service booths as you enter and go all the way along one wall taking up 1/3 of the space. The table is so big and wide on them and none of the people were really using more than the edge near their chair. Then the middle has a pretty wide and long bar and could've been condensed down. On the left is the games and some of the rows are so narrow that I can't walk behind someone playing a game without brushing up on them. Who wants to be bumped into when you're in the zone trying to grab the top score? And I don't want to accidentally molest peoples back if I need to pass them. There is sitting area in the back and a cleared area with a dancefloor in front of a super duper long DJ booth which no fucking person actually needs more than 3rd of that space to DJ. At least I have a $17 bucket full of quarters for my work vending machine now. My bad thinking I could actually try to play games. It's way too busy and some people don't know how to share and rotate. The upside was the DJ tonight was pretty good. A bit of top 40 mixes, electro feel and some thrown in old school stuff, but she was actually mixing and transitioning really smoothly! Spent the rest of my time sitting by the DJ booth and listening since gaming was a bust. I honestly don't know if I will be back. I don't think I will come on a crowded room like this if it isn't for someone begging me to go. If I want to drink then I'll go drink. If I want to go play games then I will go to Pinball Hall of Fame. Unfortunately, I don't have a spot to do both happily.
2	Couldn't wait to check this place out.  I walked in today (Monday) at 7pm wanted to check it out, have a beer and watch the game (nba playoffs).The place was pretty empty being so early and man I was floored by the place!  Looks great!  The good:1.  Bar set up...long, attractive bar in the middle of the space, cool bar lighting!2.  Great games....  Love the focus on the classics.3.  Nice over-all setup and flow to the place - granted, I haven't been here later at night when the reported sausages file in.  I like the drink holders attached to the games. 4.  Awesome Hi def TV's everywhere - too many to count.  I wanted to steal one for the new place i'm moving to =)OK now the bad:1.  The place isn't inviting from the outside.  Not sure exactly how to fix this, but one step might be to hire presentable staff for the outside (cute girls as opposed to guys who look like this is the only job they could get - no offense to the staff here)2.  Selection of drinks - lacking - no beer on draft, poor beer selection, mixed drinks menu is a good idea (with names of pac man figures etc) but overall lacking as well.3.  Service while initially friendly lacked follow up (see next section)4.  I'm not sure the idea of bottle service works in this place with this concept.  The space you're getting for the price doesn't seem worth it.5.  The music at 7pm was this pumped in SIRIUS radio type stuff.  Personally I hate it.  The voiceover "reminding" you you're listening to SIRIUS radio is like scratching your nails on a chalkboard.  It was a mix of rock, classic rock, etc.  Why not hire an early night DJ to throw some better music on?  Or just have your staff put on some prepared CDs or subscribe to something better.  The music shouldn't be a turnoff, it should accentuate the space and be hip, not like you're listening to a random radio station.  6.  TOO MANY DUDES WORKING HERE!  HIRE SOME FEMALE BARTENDER'S, DOOR GIRLS, DANCERS, WHATEVER!  Maybe it's better later at night?7.  If the place is truly a sausage fest later at night....Have a girls night, specials, whatever it takes to improve the ratio =)AND the ugly:1.  As I mentioned, great TV's everywhere!  But like 15 of the TV's had a hockey game on and 5 had some video game highlights (WTF?)  Not sure about the video game highlights, lol, but being from Chicago I wanted the NBA game on asap ;)  I asked the bartender and he said they currently only have 1 feed into the bar.  WTH?  LOL...not sure what they're thinking opening without the ability to show multiple games, channels etc.  Just seems ridiculous to have that many TV's when you can only get one channel.  What are the customers supposed to argue over the remote?  Really poor execution.  They should have MLB package, NBA, etc...with all those TV's.  Otherwise takem down what's the point.Anyways, bartender said they were going to put the game on in 10 minutes but 20 minutes later it was still hockey so I finished my beer and went back to the Nugget to watch instead of sticking around.  The guy kind of disappeared and didn't follow up which was frustrating given that it was pretty dead. This can't be a good sign for when it's busier =(Overall:Luckily a lot (all?)  of the bugs are fixable!  This place has a ton of potential.  I'll visit again and hopefully post a more upbeat follow up.  Without the ridiculous TV situation the place easily gets 4 stars in my book, and i'll bump it to 5 if they improve the drink menu/selection and other stuff.
4	The first thing you need to know, Insert Coins is genius. Ask yourself, "how do I get people to come to my bar and stay there?" this place nails it with its Outside-of-the-Vegas-Box atmosphere. This place draws EVERYONE in whether you're a mega video game nerd or the hippest hipster on Fremont who just left The Griffin across the street. A sausage fest? Debatable. Awesome, one hell of a good time and a place any chick can appreciate and love? FACT. Anyone hoping to open their own bar can take a few notes from the people who opened this joint.Insert Coins is filled with what looks like local art you can actually purchase, contemporary/modern bright wonderful furniture, old school arcade games and a fabulous bar where you can sit and play video games for FREE while you drink. The staff is amazing too. Super friendly and personable without being cheesy and over the top. This is an extremely popular spot so be prepared to rub shoulders with some close friends and strangers. Whoever did the interior design for this place needs to come visit me in UT. I LOVED the retro furniture and especially loved the large sea foam green/turquoise toned couch. The two negative things I can say about this place? 1- The music. It is absolutely horrible. Not bad enough to keep me away. And 2- Whoever designed the space could have moved things around a little more. The bar area is amazing. Nice long horizontal bar in the middle of the room with big tv's on the wall above you for you to enjoy a little gaming while you drink and an awesome counter that lights up under you. The rest of the room is crammed in some areas and completely open and blank in others. The art is cluttered on the walls around all the arcade games that are also cluttered around each other. Have fun trying to play while people bump into you and have fun trying to walk through looking at art with everyone hanging and playing games. The back of the bar where the DJ is is completely wide open and kind of an eye sore. They made a poor attempt at filling the space by putting two large wrap around couches for people to sit at. It doesn't exactly flow. The other side of the room has huge amazing couches where you can sit and play games but... the tv's don't even face the chairs. Kind of confusing.This place is rad and easily my second favorite bar to date right behind The Griffin my hipster haven across the street. Two of my favorite bars are located in a stat I don't even live in. Check it out the next time you make a Vegas trip!
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE This Place! Great atmosphere, Full Bar, DJ and good Music, tons of arcade games (mostly .50) as well as latest games on big screens for hardcore video geeks!  No Food service and there was a line to get in beginning at 11pm when we were here last friday! Looking forward to going back and beating my boyfriend at Asteroids!
1	Talk about disappointment.  Awesome idea...poor execution.  I was so excited for this place to open up, and when I finally went I realized that I was simply waiting for a turd.I don't really know where to start.  The bartenders and staff suck.  The layout is pretty piss poor.  The selection of games is not so hot.  The music is too loud.  And the machines are way to clustered.When you walk in there's the bar in the middle...ok, that's not bad placement.  To the right of the bar are a handful of booths with video game consoles w their own TV's...cool idea but a lot of wasted space.  Then to the left of the bar are 40-ish arcade machines just jumbled this way and that...no real organization, just scattered about.  And then a dance floor in the back.  Ok, make up your mind...is this a video game bar or a dance club?  Just horrible space management all around.I only saw 3 arcade games that I would have even liked to have played...The Simpson's(an awesome classic), Ms Pac Man(another classic, but I can play it at home or on my phone whenever I want), and Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3.  Simpson's and UMK3 were both taken and had a swarm of wanna-be Jersey Shore looking applicants surrounding.  Plus it was a bitch to simply walk around and see the choices because there are too many people and the machines are to close together.  I don't know how many people I accidentally smashed into with my shoulders and vice versa, but it didn't really convey fun to me.And as far as the booths with the game consoles to play, I'm not going to go thru the expense or trouble to reserve or buy a bottle in order to play them.  Plus, why would I go there to play theirs when I have the same games, cheaper/better beer, a more comfy couch, and a bigger TV in my own living room.Had I never been to Ground Kontrol in Portland I may have liked this place more.  But for anyone who's been, then know what I mean...Ground Kontrol did this idea correctly!  Tons of arcade games in an organized fashion, great bartenders, cheap drinks, and a great vibe.  Insert Coins fails in all of these areas.
4	When I first heard about Insert Coins, my mind exploded into all kinds of bits and pieces at the thought of a video game bar. It was open for about a week and a half before I was able to actually go and check it out and from what I'd been hearing from other people, Insert Coins was the place to be.After finally getting to go, It is pretty fun! They have all kinds of classics that just take me way back when I used to play games with my dad or older brother. Their resident Video DJ is the business and everything he plays is just bumpin. The bar is your typical bar in terms of drinks, but in terms of design.. It glows and changes color. It definitely has that Tron feel. If you're drinking at the bar, gaming is free if you can find an open TV but the downside is you have to play whatever is on the screen, so if you have something specific, you'd have to find a TV running it which happens to be open or your SOL.Overall I enjoyed my stay at Insert Coins but I have to say I am pretty disappointed with the overall look and feel of the place.. I was under the impression that reserving your own game station would actually be in a room with more seating than just one couch and not out in the open with the rest of the bar/lounge.. and not only that but the arcade machines are really crammed together so it's hard to get to them.It's not that I wouldn't come here, because the atmosphere is great, but I wouldn't make it my hangout joint of choice especially considering that everything here is just a tad bit on the pricey side.Insert Coins definitely deserves a visit and if you're one to splurge I say this would be the place to do it.Since there's no option for .5 ratings i'll note that my review is a 3.5 not a 4 star.
3	Video games and liquor. Almost every man has been at these crossroads on a sad Friday or Saturday night in their lifetime. Insert Coins keeps that theme, sprinkle in a couple girls, music, and turn off the lights - WHAM it's cool!Well maybe.  It has a fun concept and I will always commend a place for coming up with a new idea but Insert Coin lacked in a couple places for me. One, the layout of the games just didn't flow.  It was difficult to get to some of them and a lot of them just ate your quarters. I guess that makes it og, right?  They also had a sad selection of pinball.  While I don't expect to have a lot of games at least have some legendary ones like Theatre of Magic or Attack from Mars.Not Game Over just yet. I would probably go back but it didn't quite live up to my expectations on this first round.
4	No bones about it. We need alternative places for fun filled entertainment like this in Vegas. A ton of love and respect to the cats that decided to help in revitalizing downtown Las Vegas by putting the place up but as soon as I stepped in, thought the use of space and ideas implemented here seemed a bit rushed.Its a lounge, video game parlor, bar and club. Yeah I know what you're thinking, there's a lot going on there, and probably doing too much for the space available. It just seemed to have an identity crisis. Perhaps partitions dividing the space would've helped? Maybe private booths even. And as an 80s kid who spent sleepless nights, countless quarters and hours at the arcade I wanted more video games.. that worked. Three of the games I played were either broken or had busted controllers. I can't necessarily hate on Insert coins though. I can imagine the crazed drunken idiot dumbazz bashing/ spilling his corona on the roundhouse kick button on Street Fighter. I'm leaving room for improvement, and want to hear the DJ spin as I didn't get to join my friends on a Friday evening, the line was insane so I went back during the day when it wasn't as packed. Its all good though, they just opened. I hope at the very least when I return all these problems are smoothed out, repair the video games, more games, and address some of the interior design/spacing issues many people here have already covered. Sure there's a ton of criticism here -- its just some tough love for a spot I wanna love so bad. I'd like to come back on a busy nite and grab bottle service which gives you access to their numerous console games and not bad prices considering how much you'll probably spend on drinks that night with a few friends anyways.+ .5 star for having a handful of games that I hold close to my heart!Geekmode time: managers if you ever read this I'd love to see: Ghouls n Ghosts, Cabal, Altered Beast, Final Fight, more pinball machines, and Strider!!
4	I thought this place is pretty cool. A lot of old school games and cool booths for table service and ability to play games in the booth. I am sure late at night it is pretty cool with the DJ booth and dance floor. The special drinks look like they could be pretty good. I have the Pac-Man for $8 and it was good. Barcardi Limon, Lemon Juice and Lemonade. But not worth $8. I think if the drink prices were better I would stay longer and play games.
5	IC(s) is the tits & I can appreciate the hard work that went into the place. Everyone I've encountered there are/were hella cool & the atmosphere is dark and warehouse'isk - I dig it. Im a casual gamer & I get down to unwind and chill after a long day, usually accompanied by a drink or two. Insert Coin(s) allows me to do just that. The drink prices are about average if not cheaper for a spot off the strip/fremont. Drinks could always be cheaper, but I say its definitely worth it (delicious "stiff" drinks). Shout out to Jaisen - ya make a mean Gin&Tonic, keep 'em coming!
3	Meh, I was not impressed overall. It was just too crowded to play the games, people kept bumping into each other.
2	Just to put this review into perspective, three of my top things in this world are: 1) alcohol, 2) video games and 3) women who love alcohol and video games.  So, Insert Coins should be a slam dunk 6 stars on a 5 star scale.The concept is great.  The arcade video game selection is fun and mostly retro (House of the Dead I, Tron, Dragonslayer, etc.).  And they added the very nice touch of having a wall of booths with private screens to allow people to play X-Box 360 and Playstation 3 games.  Yeah. . . this place really should be the jewel in the crown of Vegas bars.How did it go off the rails?  Mainly, it's because of Insert Coins' prices (1 star).  The drink prices are ridiculous for East Fremont.  When we visited, we ordered several regular margaritas and martinis, each one coming out at around $10.  And the drink pours were small.  I'd say their martinis were about 1/2 the size of a normal martini.  Now the martinis weren't mixologist martinis like at Vanguard or Downtown Bar.  These were simple gin martinis.  1/2 the size of a normal martini for $10.  No happy hour to speak of.  That's a good rate for a club in the middle of the Venetian, but not for East Fremont Street.    [Word to the wise, Insert Coins owners: on East Fremont, locals are your bread and butter.  You can bilk the tourists with 1/2 size $10 drinks, but you'll loose the locals real quick with prices like that and you'll be scrambling to bring in customers.]  Beyond the drink prices, the place has a dramatic lack of seating if you're not up for bottle service.  The previously-mentioned, very cool game booths are reserved for bottle service.  There are stools around the bar, but no comfy seating other than the expensive booths.One other weird thing: there's a DJ.  It's supposedly a gamer's lounge, but there's a large wide open space (for dancing?) and a DJ.  The night we were there the music was uninteresting generic club pop.  And it all just feels like too much.  I mean, when I go out dancing, I head to a club on the strip, not a gaming bar.  And I'm pretty sure that most of the people seriously interesting in gaming to the point of paying for bottle service aren't into dancing or generic club pop.Bottom line: I'd be a regular at gaming lounge that focused on gaming and drinks, had the option of comfy seating and had reasonable drink prices.  Insert Coins is not that place.  And, if they insist on running the place like Tao nightclub, I think they'll be out of business in a year.
4	Let's knock a few things out of the water on the spot before I dig into reviewing this place. 1. Park at El Cortez Casino Parking Deck Next Door (FREE) 2. This is not a tourist spot but packed more with local hipsters/gamers3. if you don't like video games.... go somewhere else instead of stating that in your review here. This night started as a weeknight visit to The Strip from Los Angeles which happens way too often. After a few hours I called some local friends and we got together for the night. They quickly dragged us off The Strip and brought my friends and me to Insert Coin. Full confession is that I am a huge video gamer and want to do nothing more than drink beer and play the original Donkey Kong. The arcade systems take actual quarters (like an old school 80's arcade) which is thrown into a bar with club music playing in the background. It's almost what you would expect to find in a corner of Tokyo's Shibuya or Akihabara district. The place wasn't super crowded and I had an easy time hopping on games unlike other people have mentioned in here. I was at the bar on a  week night so no promises for easy gaming access on the weekend. I spent hours playing Virtua Fighter 2, Street Fighter 2 Hyper Fighting and Tekken Tag Tournament. The girls with us had a blast at the bar and hanging out while we wasted hours playing fighting games. They found some Pacman shot which they kept raving about all night. By around 2:00am we had the girls playing Rampage World Tour with us which is a convenient 3 player game. It's a unique and fun experience which you should try when your in old Downtown Vegas. It's not made for the tourist and your yard long mixed drinks but don't let it stop your video game loving self from paying a visit.
4	I judge only on the Sunday vibe:  good atmosphere, good music, cool (local) crowd, nice relief from having worked the Strip clubs all week.  My only gripe is this: would it kill you guys to spend some of our quarters on a better sound system?  For fucks sake, you've bolted your subwoofers to the ceiling.  There was more bass and midrange half a block away as we were walking back to the car than there was all night listening to that moderately kickass dubstep DJ.Also - more pinball, please.  One working machine is not adequate.Otherwise, cool place.  Every new joint that opens on Fremont is a blessing.
3	* ImprovesThe layout of some of the machines- The layout of the machines can be reorganized better to allow patrons to walk around, check out or watch other players or wait for a turn. I was boxed in while looking for shooting games by two groups of plus sized women who didnt get the idea that they should move.More diverse arcade game selection.- Fighting games are fun and sociable i understand that but not all of us grew up with willing neighbors or siblings to button mash with. The only game that fit my genre was House of the Dead and the right controller wasn't calibrated or lost calibration so anything 2 to 3 inches from the left side of the screen were free to kill me.Environmental Controls- Anyone that's a geek knows that running high performance equipment generates a bit of heat. A space say...a large room filled with A LOT of equipment of various types, designs, and functions generates A LOT of heat, now throw a large number of people into the mix and you have a tropical environment of heat, humidity, and smells. Ventilation is pretty decent near the back toward the DJ and the dance floor (thank the gods) but with the open doors and ID checks the front of the establishment is just REALLY friggin hot. * SustainsGames at the bar- Good way to settle an argument between folk having drinks. Better then a subtitled TV show or movie or news. Fun watching others play and encouraging them.Music- Old school hip hop from the 90s and early 00s. Didnt hear any of today's garbage. Very niceOverall the place is pretty cool. The idea of having a club/lounge/bar that revolves around playing video games is a fresh idea and Insert Coin pulls it off quite well. Personally i wouldnt come back. I applaud the owner's vision and efforts but today's generation of..."people" completely ruin what is suppose to be a fun environment.
3	The concept is 5-star worthy, the execution, however, needs some work. Although it definitely has that "cool" factor for those who've never been before....at least it did for me. Old-school arcade games are scattered on one side of the place while VIP booths complete w/ flat screens and new game consoles line the other side. There's a bar in the middle where you can play the latest, greatest video games (Think Mortal Kombat and Halo) for free...if you don't mind the wait. In the back is a dance floor and a colorful DJ booth for those who want to get their dancing on after a night of playing arcade games. Sounds cool, right? Well, apparently, a lot of people think Insert Coins is cool judging from the amount of people who were there. All the cool arcade games and the video games at the bar were being played, leaving the just okay ones available. Also, it was hard to walk around the arcade due to the people and the squished layout of the game machines. If you need a place to breath, I'd suggest taking a seat on the couch by the dance floor. Insert Coins is a unique paradise for those who love arcade games and alcohol. Quite a brilliant concept...the more you drink, the more you play, which equals more quarters for Insert Coins to collect. I think I'll stick to playing video games at home.
4	Lets mix drinks, dancing and video games.Geek heaven right?  Yup.We need a place like this in Los Angeles.  But crap this would never happen because everyone here is too hip and uptight to dance.  Dancing here is equal to people with their arms folded and bobbing their head.I'm glad its in Vegas because when I'm here I need a place to spend my time other than hours and hours at the craps tables
4	Oh, Insert Coins. How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.1. Old school arcade games. It brings me straight back to being a kid in the mall arcade circa 1988.2. Tables start at $100. That's cheap by Vegas standards. You get your own private table and gaming system of your choice (The OG Nintendo is an option).3. If you are drinking at the bar, you can play XBOX or PS2 straight from your seat! How dope is that?4. There's a DJ and a decent sized dance floor in the back since playing old school games makes you want to dance your ass off!5. Drinks are reasonably priced. Three Olives Bubble Vodka in a large glass is only $6. Not too shabby!6. There's no cover charge.7. The video games have cup holders, so you don't have to worry where to place your beverage.8. There is a mini art gallery with video game themed art. It's in the front, immediately to your left in the corner when you walk in,All in all, Insert Coins is an amazing addition to E. Fremont. It's an awesome concept!The reason it gets only 4 stars is because the bathroom is SUPER TINY and the games steal your quarters. (They're old and it's to be expected, hunt down the tech guy, he'll fix the machine and give you a few free games for your troubles.)
4	Insert Coin(s) is a singular vision, that is definately doing it's part to generate a (for some) new-found interest in both retro and modern gaming, though it has a few easily fixable hurdles to leap along the way.Right off the bat, the place is designed with a gamer's sensibilities: huge booths for groups to rent and game to their hearts content, a sizable bar with giant screens for sit down (free) gaming, a decent collection of arcade favorites on the floor and a large dance floor, which is often packed and moving, always a win for any spot.It's biggest problems seem to stem from the very thing that any new business welcomes: a huge influx of curious people, avid fans, hardcore gamers and people watchers -- most of whom start pounding on the machines like apes on wood, creating a portion of machines that always seem broke, but in reality are probably just always being repaired. Shit happens folks, so keep in mind that those machines are seeing some serious play, so a bit of patience is in order.It's popular right now, almost dramatically so. My recommendation, start there early to get a chance to really check the place out (7ish), or call early with some friends and get a booth with a big group; you can normally secure one with no problem and on an off night, it's much more affordable.Drink wise, you're looking at typical Vegas bar prices and selection, though the owner is doing his best to offer some decent deals and offers during gaming matches or at peak times. I saw some complaints below about prices and I don't get it, since all the bars in that area run about the same for most drinks, and paying $3 bucks for a Pabst is the equiv. of paying $6 for a Heiniken, which is to say, about normal in that area.It'd be nice if there was some local brewery support with cheap prices, but honestly that only just occurred to me, and wasn't anything I thought to ask for at the bar, so who knows, I could be missing something awesome.The staff has been friendly all five times I've been there, and if they have time, might even engage in some matches with you; hell, the owner sometimes even stops for a sec to play a round if he has time. It has a great vibe and seems to be largely staffed by people who 'get it.' And as time flies by and things normalize (place has been only open a month or so), I predict things will polish up, straighten out and get better.As I said above, I've been there around five times, both during low or peak hours and it's always been a blast. Yes we rented a booth and yes for the same price of the drinks we could have bought a system and the games and stayed home, but that isn't the point of a bar, or an arcade, or nightlife in general. The real fun is in going out with a huge crowd, having a place to game or dance, checking out some awesome local art and having a blast in an area of town that keeps getting better every year.Another perk of IC is that they stay open pretty late, so when other places close, you can meander over there and keep right on drinking in a unique joint.As far as the crowds? Lots of cute girls, presumably guys as well, normally pretty packed on weekends, good djs, decent music.For those people saying the experience is just a waste you could recreate at home, well, no shit: yes, you can just game at home, you can also just use online personal to meet people at home, read books at home, dance to your favorite bootlegged show at home and eat your own cooking.But you don't do that, do you? You go out to socialize and meet new, like minded people, you go out to check out your favorite band live, you go to new and interesting restaurants to experience something you can't necessarily get at home, so bitching about that is trivial at best, and silly as well.tl:dr: Insert Coin(s) is a fun and interesting place to drink, people watch and game; they have already started doing minor championship and gaming nights, so if you're an avid gamer you may want to start paying attention, as more and more companies and organizations bring more and more gaming events to Vegas, IC is going to become a mecca for their participants, and that is awesome.PS: Yes the place could use more fans. These upcoming months are going to be hot with that door open.
5	This place is sick!  A standout concept and execution in what was a low rent part of town.  I am sure the local bars are grateful for the face lift to the areaOn the surface this place is all about gaming, drinks, and video dj's.  However, the real genius in this club is that those tangibles just give people a conversation piece, something to occupy their time and entertain them until the dance floor gets crackin.  Too many clubs in Vegas have one dimension.....you sit there and drink and people watch.   I have never been to a club where so many people are so comfortable, approachable and amiable.  This makes the male female interaction much smoother.    If you want to experience a whole new dimension in night life.....check this place out! Attn owners-please build one in Kansas City!
5	Wow did we have a great time! This place rocks!
4	My friends had told me about this place and invited me down a few times on days I couldn't make it. When I finally got to visit this place, I took my boyfriend for our date night. He hadn't heard of it before that night and I will have to say... This is the first time I gave every had such great of a time playing video games with my boyfriend.
3	I went here for the first time last week and I was both plesantly surprised and a little dissapointed.  The bar area is spacious and was quite crowded when I was there.  I didn't have a problem getting a spot or a drink though.  When I arrived the place smelled like a locker room, very hot, sweaty and humid.  Someone must have not been paying close attention to the cooling system because shortly after it came on cooled the place very quickly.  Drinks are reasonably priced and the location is pretty convienient for downtown, just across Las Vegas Blvd. from the Freemont street experience.  Ok video game bar, now for the down side. Half of the classic cabinet games I tried ate my money.  I know they are old games, but for a new place I expected everything in working order.
3	I love the idea.  I grew up when most of these games were in their prime, so I was overjoyed to hear about it.  I'll tell you exactly why I only gave the place 3 stars.It was HOT as heck in there both times I went in.  Mind you, I'm usually the girl who gets cold easily.  I sincerely hope that they get their air fixed before the 115 degree weather sets in. Three trips to the bar and the bartenders ignored me like I was a leper.  And I'm a chick!  Wth!?I LOVE that there are games here and the DJ is spinning Bel Biv Devoe and SWV.... But I'm hot and trying to get a drink at the bar?  Takes the love down to just ok.
5	This place is Awesome! I went in the afternoon and someone was working on the air conditioner.  I left and came back with my friends for bottle service....could not have been better.  I have been there 5 times and the service is much better now than it was the first two weeks.  More bartenders, more drinking, more dancing.  Very clean crowd.  There is also a good pizza joint across the street if you get hungry.
5	fun....drinks...games...had a blast
3	Insert Coins has the right idea... retro and modern video games, drinks, and a live DJ spinning?  That seems like an equation for a good time, right?  Well, it sounds good but Insert Coins still needs a little time to develop and get into sync.The first night I went there I was definitely wow'd.  But that feeling subsided quickly due to the fact that the AC wasn't working correctly and the place had become a bit packed so the body heat alone was enough to raise the temp to an uncomfortable temperature.  Plus, a few of the games were out of order as well and I couldn't get my game on with the games I wanted to play.  Nonetheless, I sauntered on down to the bar to get a drink to cool off.  After weaving through the droves of dudes trying to hit on one of the few ladies in the room, I managed to get to the bar and order a drink.  I ordered a beer and a shot and the bartender took my credit card and ID and.. disappeared?  It seems that if you pay with a credit card (according to the bartender), you MUST keep a tab open and reach a $20 minimum.  Maybe I missed the sign that said that but I didn't get to see the bartender come around for about a half-hour so I was just stuck "hanging out" and waiting to close my check out.  While waiting, I took notice of the bar and the video games around it.  Aside from the LED lighting illuminating the bar, I love the fact that there are TVs positioned around the entire bar so people sitting and drinking can get in on the fun and play whatever games they had sitting in the PS3 in front of them.  Of course, you would have to wait a while to get in on the fun at the bar but good concept nonetheless.Music was pretty good too.. I didn't catch the name of the female DJ that was spinning but she managed to get most of the club moving for a bit.  There was a dance floor in the back of Insert Coins in front of the DJ for dancing and that night nerds, clubbers, and tourists alike were using it for just that.Insert coins has the right idea but needs a little more time to fall into place.  I thought the "open tab" $20 min thing wasn't too ridiculous but a little inconvenient just like the games that were out of order for the evening.  Drinks were a bit pricey for a downtown hangout but I "pre-gamed" before I cruised on in so it didn't hit me as bad.  I'd definitely like to return again when everything gets straightened out and maybe jump on those arcades I came to play on but didn't have the chance.
4	My first trip to InsertCoins was a weeknight during happy hour, it was DEAD!  What was cool though was cheap drinks and we basically got to play all of the arcade games (25c-50c plays was a nice surprise) and got our choice of seating at the bar which meant we got to play any Xbox360 or PS3 game we wanted.  We also had an opportunity to check out all of the art on the walls.  It was very chill, but we definitely felt like we didn't get the entire experience so we decided to go back on an evening (yesterday) to get the full effect.I follow InsertCoins on twitter and when my out of town friends and I (I'm a local) decided that's where we wanted to go, I hopped on twitter to see if they had posted the happenings for the evening.  They hadn't, however, a fellow patron DID post the twitter handle of the VIP host who had hooked her up the night before.  I figured, hell, why not?, and sent a tweet over to miss @LeeMarieLV (Lisa), we tweeted back and forth a couple times, and in minutes I had a table (or rather "gaming station") secured with a $100 drink min (for 4 ppl) which included the station & 2 consoles for the entire evening.  That's a pretty good deal if you ask me, I figured we would have spent that $25/pp anyway.  We arrived at about 9:30 (scored some Sweet on-street parking) and found that it was InsertCoins first Live Band event (nice surprise).  The band was really good (rockabilly style), and the acoustics weren't terrible.  Lisa (VIP Host) was at the door when we arrived, introduced us to our waitress (Gabriella) and walked us right to our gaming station.  Gabriella brought us over the "menu" (it's a book with all of the available game titles) and took our first drink orders.  Within an hour, the place was definitely filling up more (not over crowded or anything, it was a good vibe), and it's amazing how even though you're basically right out on the floor, how private the gaming station feels.  Even with the live music going, we could still chat w/ each other while enjoying our games.  We stayed until a little passed midnight, and while the band was no longer playing, the DJ was and the place was still hopping.CONS: --  I didn't know you couldn't choose to swap different gaming consoles, not just games, when you have a table/station.  Apparently when you make your reservation, you need to ask for a specific gaming console or get what they give you.  We wound up sitting at a station with (2) PS3's (a little bit of a bummer since we were hoping to play to Super Mario Kart and Paperboy, but this is really my fault for not checking, not theirs)-Our Server was the biggest CON and really the only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars.  Her name was Gabriella.  I don't know if she just didn't like us, or if we didn't look like we were good tippers, but my drink sat empty multiple times for a while, she passed our station quite often, but never looked in our direction to see if we needed anything or if our drinks were low, the only time she came over to us without one of us having to go track her down was when she needed our "menu" to give to another station.  It was so bad at one point that my drink had been empty for about 10mins I went to go find her and she was standing there flirting with one of the guys that worked there.  I didn't want to interrupt, but she saw me - looking at her, STANDING at our station, she looked at me multiple times and didn't acknowledge me.  Then when her conversation ended, she just turned and walked away, my fiance had to go flag her down so that we could get our drinks refreshed.  We weren't planning on spending the entire night there, and we had our drink minimum to meet, so I was a little peeved that we had to basically BEG for the drinks we were required to have.  I thought that maybe the auto-grat was the reason she basically ignored us all night, but she was very pleasant and charming and attentive to the group right next to us.  All in all, it's her loss.  My fiance and I are both servers (he is currently, I'm a former server) and because of this, we tend to tip VERY WELL (for instance, the server has to be REALLY bad to get less than 20%, we usually tip 25%-30%), and had she put in ANY effort, she would have gotten much more than her 18% auto-grat from us. (We tip even better when we've been drinking!)PROS: Lisa was amazing.  She secured us the table reservation very last minute, was totally personable, and was completely responsive to our concerns about how we were treated by our waitress.  She even provided us with some comps for next time because of our issues w/ our waitress (which while we weren't expecting them, nor did we ask for them, was very nice).My final take away - the drinks were tasty, the games were a plenty, the vibe was right - we'll definitely be coming back again and again - this is our type of place.........we'll just be making sure Gabriella isn't our waitress, she really put a damper on otherwise great evening.
4	Brought my out of town cousin here to hang out and play some video games. Although he's not much of a gamer he was impressed by the layout of the place and he thought the multi-colored bar was pretty sweet.We were served by an amicable lady bartender who mixed me up a nice shot with Crown in it. My cousin did a Crown straight. As it was his birthday bash here in Vegas I was trying to show him a few different places other than just the strip. Whenever I go in here lately it is empty! I think I just go early though and get there before the rush. I still like it though and will maintain my 4-Star Rating. I think as this bar settles into itself and into the culture of Fremont East it will be an awesome establishment with a very good following of regulars and a steady stream of tourists.
4	Local friends brought us here for a different Vegas experience.. loved it! It's a great concept of mixing new and retro gaming, drinks, and live music. I'd definitely come back next time I'm in town. It's just a nice and refreshing break from the typical night out in Vegas. I'll try out the tables next time.
4	Being someone here that used to repair video games I am very happy to see that a place has opened that has combined old and new in a very nicely done atmosphere.  Sure you can play video games at home in your underwear as other people are saying and drink a $1.99 Steel Reserve to save $$$.  The thing is though that you are missing out on the social aspect of gaming that died with the death of arcades.  Also your chances of meeting someone are 0.What is more fun: Playing Marvel vs Capcom 3 at home with some lag against random 12 year olds talking shit over their headset, or playing head to head in a nice bar?  There is a lot more satisfaction playing people head to head.  The drinks here are very reasonably priced, and the bar is awesome.  There are some real classic games here too that are 25 cents.  They have a wide variety of games too that you can play on xbox and PS3.  I would have liked it more though if they had some fightsticks for the fighting games, I guess I will have to bring my own next time.Even if there were no video games here, I would still rate it high as it is a nice bar in general with friendly staff.  So viewing it as being charged to play video games is silly, it is actually just adding another dynamic to the bar/club scene.  Think of it as going out with the bonus of cool games there.  So if you are going out to a bar where are going to be paying more than your 6 pack of Tecate at home anyway you might as well do it here.
5	AN ATTITUDE OF GRATITUDE!!!!My friends and I went dressed up as video game characters to play video games and had a blast. The owner was there and asked us what we were doing. He guessed all of our characters correctly. Then he appreciated what we were doing so much that he gave us a booth to play video games in for the rest of the night. Talk about an attitude of gratitude. Great Atmosphere!! Great People!!! Great FUN!!!
1	Well,  we went there on a night out on the town.  I was really excited to take my man here since he loves gaming and drinking!  Perfect Combo Right?   WRONG! When we walked in, first thing we noticed is the tables, with bottle pricing, you normally see in a CLUB!  Outragious!  But, hey lets give it a shot.  It had a nice setting to it all, and all old school games.  When we went to order a drink, they wanted too much for a simple JACK and COKE!  I told the bartender that I was a local and that is too much, but thank you.  She was very rude and gave me lip.We left just as quickly as we came.  Thanx to that chick I will never be back here.  I'll just go across the street to the Griffin for drinks half Price and nicer people.I must give props to the Bouncer at the door, he is the BEST thing about this place, if I was him I'd find some nicer people to work with!
4	Me and one of my bff's decided to go bar hopping, so we started at The Beauty Bar and Weren't digging the scene too much so we decided to check out Insert Coins for the first time. We Didn't end up leaving this place till 3am, We Played most of our Favorite arcade games from our childhood while drinking cocktails, then danced a bit to some great jamz.... WHERE ELSE CAN YOU DO THIS!!! lol We had a soooo much fun!!!
3	Relatively small place. There was about a 30 minute wait to get in that day (On a Saturday night around 12p and with some Michael Jackson contest going on) and the games we wanted to play were kinda broken. But they had Simpsons! (but Marge was broken) and X-men. But ... eh... not that great. Super warm inside and very crowded...
4	What an interesting place.  old school video game machines, newer xbox 360 machines....alcohol....  what a mix!drinks aren't cheap...its not strip club pricey....its right in the middle i guess.  $8 bux for a jack coke.Not a place you want to sit down and drown your sorrows in alcohol...go somewhere else...come here to chill out a bit...maybe play some games....a great meet up place to go to the next stop.its a fun atmosphere...kinda hip.    but i wouldnt do bottle service...go somewhere nicer if you're gonna splash your cash around.  :)
5	Insert Coins is the PERFECT place to go for the video gamer who wants to have a great time, without having to deal with "club people" that frequent the strip (you know the type.)  There are tons of games to play from old-school arcade games, to modern console games.  Couple that with an awesome bar, friendly staff (the servers aren't too bad on the eyes either,) and good music and you are set.For the people complaining about the drink prices, think about it this way.  This is a club, not PTs.  If you want a $1.50 beer, go elsewhere.  On the flipside, try getting bottle service at a place on the strip for the low prices they have here.I've been a few times now, and tell all of my out of town friends to get to Vegas primarily so they can see this place.  Highly recommended.
5	This place is more than totally awesome! Such a brillant concept...combining fun video games, great music, and a radical bar! Best place I have been to in a long time!
3	The atmosphere is fun but the beverage selection is too neon and sweet for me. The drinks mirror the arcade theme; I just wish I could drink them.
4	The vibe in this place is awesome. There are old school arcade games on one side, and couches on the other. If you get a couch you can pick any console you want to play with from NES to PS3, but each person needs to pay $25 for bottle service. The bar is lined with TVs, so people can play PS3 games while they sit there and drink, very cool.I only have two complaints: the drinks are a bit too expensive and if you use a card, you need to keep your tab open and spend at least $20. I spent $6 for a bottle of Heineken which I wouldn't mind if I were at a nicer place, but for a bar downtown, that seems a bit too much. Next time, I'll probably be drinking beforehand. Other than those things, I had an awesome time and will undoubtedly be returning many times in the future.
4	Went for my first time and loved it!! I got to play games I haven't even seen in 25 years as well as the OG faves like Donkey Kong and Frogger. The fact you can drink alcohol while playing video games is reason enough to go there, plus there is always a band or dj playing so if ya feel like it you can get on the dance floor.  I wasn't drinking when I went so can't comment on the price of drinks but I know they gotta be cheaper than the clubs I go to and the setting is a ton more fun!
4	I heard about Insert Coins through word of mouth.  The concept is great - an arcade AND lounge/bar? It's definitely a walk through memory lane.  They have all sorts of games - from PacMan to Mortal Kombat and PINBALL machines.I have to give these guys props - I never would have thought to do something as ingenious as this.  What's cool is that there are also TVs set up at the bar with some of the latest video games and consoles, so you're not just restricted to the games of yesteryear (although, let's face it, those are the most fun!) Drinks were relatively reasonably priced (I say this comparing it to some bars/clubs I've been to in Cali, though, I'm sure some Vegas ones are more expensive), ranging from $6-$10, depending on what you ordered.  There's a change machine that is a bit fickle, so having your own quarters on hand is useful! There's also a DJ and lounge area that people can dance in! Overall, great atmosphere, a fun walk down memory lane, and the only place I know where you can get drunk and play with a joy stick at the same time! ;] Be aware though - it can get crowded.  I arrived at around 9:30 on a Saturday and by 11, there was a huge line of people waiting to get in!Note: There is free parking at El Cortez with validation and is relatively nearby! :]
2	Oh, Insert Coin(s) you've pissed me off!After spending a night here and I mean $pending a night here. One of the bartenders gave me a VIP card to the joint. He told me, I will have 20% off my bar tab, retail, and no wait in line for me and my friends.So, this past weekend, I decided to take my little VIP car off on a maiden voyage. We were celebrating a good friends birthday and my friend wanted to check it out as a potential spot for her husband's dirty thirty. It was Saturday night and the line was looong. I had a group of about 8 with me. I go to the front of the line and show the bouncer my card. He asked how many and I told him there were 8 of us. He tells me then, the card is only good for me and a guest. Are you fucking kidding me? I asked, "Where does it state that on here [the card]? And every time I've come before, I've never had an issue with the number of people I brought with me." He made me lie to kick it (especially since the group before me had like 6 people on one card).He "graciously" stated that he'd let it "slide" this time. When my sister approached, he wouldn't let her in in her powder puff jersey. She took it off and had a wife beater on and said those weren't permitted. Are you kidding me? We are downtown, not at a club on the strip! He told her should purchase a t-shirt. The shirt was $25 dollars (and it was lame), we didn't purchase it.While waiting for the pricing on the t-shirt to come through (it took about 15 minutes), my friends and I noticed several girls in wife beaters and several dudes in them as well. We told this to the long-haired, rat face, just got out of prison looking douche at the door. this; after seeing a very buff black man, he said, the dude was wearing a man-tini. What the fuck is a man-tini?Regardless, this is NOT how you treat your VIPs who have dropped several hundreds in your new establishment and have brought and introduced many people to this venue. If I wanted to be treated like shit, I'd hang out at TAO or LAVO.Insert Coin(s) missed out on my friend spending a minimum of 1000 for her husband's birthday and the few hundred we would have spent that night.So, IC, if you want to be a club, be a club. Post a dress code. Sneakers and torn up tees are okay, but middle class white girls in wife beaters are clearly gang members and cannot pass? Check yourself or soon, it will be: GAME OVER.
4	The new hotspot downtown is an interesting one. Catering to those who want to drink, dance, and play some games, it offers a very unique atmosphere. Let's start off with the drinking. Drink prices are not the cheapest but are pretty standard fair for a bar on Freemont Street East, ranging from 5-10. They do tend to pour heavy on the drinks I've had. Instead of playing sports on their televisions above the bar they give you the option to play Xbox 360 or Playstation 3 games by trading your ID for a remote or pair. In my most recent visit they were playing the movie Akira in it's entirety on a few of their televisions. While I do love the idea of being able to play games at the bar while you drink, at times it overcrowds the bar with people just playing games and makes it difficult to get a drink at times. Now on the gaming side they have old school arcade machines all along the left wall and they also have their version of bottle service, which includes a couch for you to sit on and a personal television for your group to pick and play games from a list of retro games they have available. They also have the couch television combo available without a bottle but they charge an hourly price for reserving one. I have yet to reserve a couch so I can't report on how much the couch reservations or bottles cost. They have quite a number of old school arcade machines along the wall which at times have technical problems or have faulty controls but the majority of the machines work well. I've also seen a technician working on the machines during the night. The dance floor is a bit small and suprisingly packed the majority of the night. I love the DJs that are there during the weekend, they play a good mix of top 40, old school, and they throw in some video game remixes in just for good measure. I have not been to Insert Coin on a weekday but with its combination of drinks, dance, and games it's definitely worth checking out to see if it fits your vibe.
3	Great place to finish of the night after Fremont. Drinks ok price, depending on the DJ you can request songs!
5	Ah Insert Coin(s).  What a great place to get your inner nerd drunk at reasonable prices!  You can't go wrong with the concept of video games and alcohol.  I have taken friends and family there for a night on the town many a times and each time it has been wonderful.  The staff there are very professional and attentive, although the bartenders do get a little overwhelmed at times but are very quick to serve you once you get their attention.  The variety of distractions range from classic arcade cabinets to home consoles, for which you can rent a private booth at a nominal price.  I believe that private booths come along with the bottle service which is priced at $100- $150, cheap for Vegas prices!  If you want to dance the booze off, there's always a DJ spinning jams and a dance floor available, albeit smallish.  The owner can usually be seen attending to his guest and making sure that they are having a great time.  Attire is very casual and the atmosphere very friendly and fun! I highly recommend this place if you want to experience something different in Las Vegas other than the usual tourist trap bar/lounges!
2	What this is a bar with 1980's arcade games? Big deal...My FroYo spot has 1980's arcade games and they're half the price!If I want to spend a minimum of $20 to use a credit I guess this is the place I don't want do it at? But it's not all that hard with $10 drinks...Which aren't all good.But let's get to how you were rated, what you did wrong, and how you could fix it. Cool idea, video games and drinks. I haven't heard of this since, oh wait Chuck E Cheese's started to have beer for the parents...oh, and there is this chain of places called Dave and Busters...they also have better games and tickets. At least IC could have tickets you could win or points scored and you could get a free drink or a bogo offer? But let's say you were first on the games, well your music is too loud to have a talk or to hear the game sound effects. So basically I'm just playing an interactive game with lousy sticky controls that is over priced.Let's move on to customer service. It only took 20 minutes to get a drink and the server wasn't really busy, just not in the mood to take drink orders...Then the whole minimum charge on a card? If a CC charges you too much to be used, then maybe your overhead is too high...try firing non-working staff.Prices for the video games are bad, but really the drinks aren't that horrendous so I'll give you this one.You do actually have some nice games, and the booths with the game consoles was a nice idea, but I didn't see a regular Nintendo or SNES, or Sega Genesis...so you could step it up a few notches.I don't plan on going again...If video games are seriously your thing, then buy a emulator and save your time and quarters.
4	What a great bar.  I mean, awesome idea!  Sometimes you go to a bar, and its nice... you get good music, drinks, whatever.  This place, however, you can't get bored!  Even if you're not huge on games, there is something for you.  Stepping into here, I feel like a kid again.  Simpson's arcade game, Tetris - arcade games that evoke my childhood!  They have a bunch of new Xbox games too and the tables that have the old school games (like Mario 3 - the Wizard, come on - you know what I'm talkin about! Haha).  You can play games at the bar, which is a pretty nice idea (if the bar isn't crowded!)  Otherwise, it can kind of make getting a drink pretty slow.  Ask them if they have any drink specials.  Last time we went, they had 3 dollar Shock Tops and Longboard beers.  Can't go wrong with specialty beers for 3 bucks.  3 BUCKS.  Other than that, I think the drink prices are on par with the other bars around the Fremont area.The music here is pretty good too.  I really love the huge screen behind the DJ booth and all the graphics they have.  It could get kind of entrancing if you're feeling a little tipsy.  =)  Ambience is great and I really like all the art painted on the walls.  Its cooool.  I'm excited to share this place with all the visitors that come through Vegas.  Such a unique and fun experience!  (Cute idea for a first date btw).
5	I have NEVER had so much fun at a bar before. Games and drinks and AMAZING music... I'll be coming here again and again! The videos behind the (awesome) DJ booth are loads of fun, they play remixes of classic video game theme songs, the bar is supposedly themed after Tron... Honestly this is probably my favorite place in Vegas. You'll never get bored; there's always something to do!
5	What more could you ask for? Games, booze, and great music!!!
4	It's like the guy who founded Insert Coins read my mind and invented the perfect recipe for awesome sauce: No one under 21, alcohol, friendly staff, and LOADS of video games - old school and 21st century. I could spend an entire Saturday in this place! The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is that Insert Coins doesn't serve food. If they did, this place would be perfect! So, go have a dinner somewhere else, then head over to Insert Coins for playtime designed with adults in mind!
4	LEVEL 2STARTOK, came out here for Patti's birthday, and oh my god. My little secret has turned into the hottest spot downtown. This is great.... until I WANT TO GET IN! We have a table reserved, but I have to go wait in an ungodly line that at its best was 20 minutes and at its worst went down to the Fremont St. Experience. Also with it getting so busy and crazy, the hosts and staff are getting a little cranky.If you're going, plan your night around this! Otherwise you'll be thrown in with the masses.Also, before when I went, the DJs/VJs played a mix of house and hip hop. Either that's changed or it was a special night, because after two hours of house, you longed for something -- anything -- with a lyric or two.However, the overall kickassedness of the place helps continue its four-star rating.GAME OVER.CONTINUE?
3	I went to Insert Coins for the Iron Chef viewing party with Jet Tila, executive chef at Wazuzu at Encore.  I hadn't been here before, but I had read the reviews.I am not a fanatic gamer.  I'd much rather play pinball any day and they do have a few pinball machines in the back. Not being a drinker, the bar lacks interest for me so the whole set up would not be a destination for me.  I can see where it would be a fun place to go if you sat at the bar and had some drinks and conversation.This is one more Fremont East bar that has tried to distinguish itself from the others with the arcade games.
3	Oh insert coins...I guess I expected too much from you.  I do love the concept of place, but the over priced games just flipped my frown way upside down.  My favorite game of all time, Asteroids, resides here but I was disappointed that it took 50 cents instead of the usual 25 I've always paid for it.  Anyways, it wasn't just that they jacked up the price on my favorite game but that the machines don't really work properly, essentially jacking your money because their buttons stick or the joystick doesn't maneuver right.  I'd had this problem on a few occasions and on different games. Usually, I just end up getting frustrated with the machines and head over to their dance area, where they place good to decent music on the nights I've been there. Other than the inconvenience of some of their machines, they also have newer games set up in booths with big flat screens.  This I find awesome and entertaining but I am not really much of a gamer so I just enjoy to watch.  Recently, I've seen Mortal Combat, Fifa, and Madden being played from the tvs  (that's for you gamers who are interested). Drinks are kind of on the pricey side. I could go across the street to the bar at El Cortez and get drinks for 3-4 dollars cheaper. Other than that, I've heard they have a nickle beer Tuesday! That I will be checking out soon.Quick tip: Pinball arcade is still my favorite place for old, well maintenance arcade games.  Cheaper, greater selection of games, but minus the alcohol.
4	I am not into video games, but I love the vibe in the place. They have everything - even Atari!Drinks are reasonable and there's a mixed crowd. I went on a Friday night, and they were playing house music. Not really my thing, but when you're drunk it really doesn't matter.I'll definitely be back.. fun!
3	I wanted to see what all the hype was about. I think it might be overrated. I think it was overpriced for what it was. We rented a booth to have a couple screens to ourselves. They only had three games for the Wii. I don't remember why. The glasses were really sticky and didn't look very clean. It was just ok. I probably wouldn't go back to rent a booth, maybe just a drink at the bar.
5	I absolutely love this place. Came here with my girlfriend and a friend and had a blast.  We sat at the bar playing video games while drinking, a really fun experience.  They have plenty of old retro games to play but they are marked up so be ready to fork out more if you lose. Hard to get quarters at the bar because the bartenders are busy doing their job which is understandable.  Drinks were reasonably priced. Tip them well and they pour on the alcohol.  If you want bottles service then you can get a table with your on plasma screen and game console to play what you want with your friends which is pretty cool.  Dress code was casual I came in here with shorts and a t shirt but there were people pretty dressed up because its Vegas so understandable. Overall cool place to drop in to if your in the downtown area.
3	Well, I'm not a huge gamer but this place is for the FUN, which I am, so this is the kind of joint you want to bring your buddies to and ladies who dont mind watching their men play games- BUT MAKE NO MISTAKE- their are plenty of female gamers here, but mostly males :b I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, that they have a DANCE FLOOR- and decent music. Picture a night club, but instead of gogo dancers- there are flat screens everywhere and VIP seating where you can play xbox, playstation etc. In other words, it's a glamorized video arcade with a full bar :b Speaking of the bar- I have to say drinks are too expensive ($10 mixed drink)- especially for downtown and especially for how NOT strong they are. VIP, I heard, was decent $100-$125 for so many hours and so much game play. The way I see it, you have to want to plan this night out for a different sort of fun- its not somewhere I would consider a hang out spot simply because it would get too expensive- way cheaper to stay home and invite friends over :b Then again, not a huge gamer so my opinion may be a little slanted....
4	I love this Arcade/Bar! I've been looking for a place just like this, with classic video games plus PS2 on the screens around the bar. Drinks were abit pricey but worth the experience.
4	I came here Thursday kind of early in the day so it was pretty much completely empty except for a "space cadet" photo shoot which was fun to watch, a random girl getting hard core with a PlayStation and a guy trying to beat his own high score on an arcade game, stuffing his face with McDonald's. I feel like this place had a lot of potential to be awesome at the right time and night. There's a bar, a VIP table section with gaming included, a dance floor, a DJ, and the obvious classic arcade area. We were trying to kill some time so we decided to hit up the only 2 pinball machines in the place. Nobody pushed us to get a drink or anything like that, it was really relaxed and fun. I'm looking forward to going back on a busy night.
1	Insert One Star for Insert Crap, I mean Coins.  I was there for a birthday party last month and we had two tables and bottle service, etc. which cost over $500 more than we were quoted.  Gamers Paradise, right? Hell to the no. We were rollin about 20 thirsty gamers deep and they gave us one adorable cocktail waitress who did her best to make sure we were all happy and taken care of, but it was more than she could handle. The one star is for her, her pumped up kicks and the Ms. Pac-Man on the restroom door. Everything else was awful. We had four huge monitors for our video games, but they were set so low that they blocked the view to the bar/club(whatever this place is trying to be is still a mystery) and people could not have conversations. I get it, guys zone out and become video game zombies. All good in the hood, but the layout was so improperly designed it made it difficult to move around and see each other. Basically we couldn't even walk around our VIP area that was reserved for our sweaty asses. Did I say sweaty? I meant SWAMP ASSES. Yes, it was so hot and that's not just from me being high maintenance because I'm not. I just don't want to feel like I am in Hell when I'm freakin gaming. Everyone in our party was hot and uncomfortable. I was worried the cake I had specially designed for the birthday girl was going to melt. I would have cut a bitch if that happened. Luckily it didn't, but all of this just killed the vibe.My other HUGE complaint is that I have a feeling Insert Coins may not be in compliance or up to code with the amount of patrons they let in. Since our tables were in a back corner if there was a fire and we were trying to run for our lives we would likely fry like bacon, little piggies!!! (This would be the song you would hear- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsHITZRCgqs) Insert Coins I don't want to play with you or your joystick anymore. GAME OVER
2	Fun enough for a nerd bar. Downtown is being revitalized and I do enjoy hanging out at Vanguard on occasion. I'll only come to Insert Coins if some sort of birthday party is going on and I "have to" go. The machines here tend to eat quarters, it's very crowded and the air conditioning sucks.Friends have purchased tables on a couple occasions and every person has left with a bill at least 200% over what they were quoted. So BEWARE of the bottle girls... If you're going to buy bottles, be careful or just spend your $1,000 at the club! At least you'll be surrounded by semi-well dressed men and women and decent music.Drinks are affordable and they have a decent variety of beer. Be prepared to wait in line. I've heard waits can be as long as 45 minutes to an hour on First Fridays.  And to my underage readers, don't come here on a busy night. They'll find any reason in the book to turn your under 21 butt away and snatch your fake from you. This place is more difficult to get into than XS.
4	great choice of games, plus bottle service gets you time with a machine, good prices, but some of the arcade cabinets are broken, but most if not 80% of those games are over 10 years old, so it's reasonable to see why it ate your quarters, and if it does just tell the bar staff, they'll hook you up! i want to challenge the owner to street fighter 3rd strike(yeah they f****ng have a 3rd strike machine set up in japanese, and my personal favorite game there!)
3	This place has a pretty cool theme to it. You can get smashed while playing the new Madden with complete strangers... not sure it's a good idea haha! The music was good and the decor was modern, spacious, and unique. My grievances are with the employees. I waited so long for drinks I decided to give up and have a female friend get them, which is almost normal at clubs but at the end of the night we were very rudely kicked out.
1	Although I like the concept of the place, it was seriously lacking in customer service.  In addition, the bartenders don't even know enough to tell you what different types of beer they have.  I don't care what your selling, you should at least have some knowledge about your product.
4	So much fun!  Great concept, well executed.  Went with 2 girlfriends, felt totally safe & comfortable.  Fun crowd, good dancing, good selection at bar.  A high-light of our trip.
4	Okay how has this place not caught on everywhere? I was there for about 3 hours, spent about 40 bucks and didn't even drink! They have tons of games that were fun only for nostalgic reasons and many others that are new that I have never played. Everything from old Tron arcade games to new xbox games played on big ol' HDTVs.  They also have the whole bar cut off into sections.  Obviously there is the bar. It is huge with plenty of room to sit and play some of your favorite games while you grab a drink. Then they have private areas you can rent and play everything from the newest Mortal Kombat to the original Zelda game. Then the back of the bar is more of a "club" atmosphere with a dance floor, DJ booth and plenty of blinking and flashing lights for your seizure pleasure. Last but not least is my favorite, an art wall. The art is all video game related and is all for sale. There is something for everyone here and it certainly gives you a break from the normal night in Vegas!
4	So much fun!  Great concept. a spacious Bar/club with plenty of soft seating and VIDEO games everywhere. I felt like a kid again.although, there was 1 employee . we were sitting next to a girl who was too drunk and got kicked out and I think he thought we were with her party??? The area was a little shady and ghetto but it was soooo crowded that we still felt safe, even though we could have done without the cat calls from drunk dudes!
3	I like the game selection but most of the time the buttons on the games don't work. Pinball Hall of Fame had great selection nostalgic arcade games and they worked!
2	I came here for the retro games. THE ATMOSPHERE WAS HORRIBLE!!!! I came on a sunday afternoon; HUGE MISTAKE!!! It was pretty much a loud sports bar for football that just HAPPENED to have a large collection of retro games.  All the jocks that I tried to avoid as a kid (by going to the arcade) were there cheering on their favorite football team.As for the games there, they are all 50 cents each!! Mr Do! and Ms Pacman have speed chips so fast, they are near impossible to play.  Furthermore, half of the classic games were broken at the time.  Missile Command, Dig Dug, Centipede, Gauntlet, even the Simpsons, and many many more; all broken!!!I was told the tech for the games comes in on monday, wednesday and thursday.  I would recommend coming those evenings for a better chance of the games actually working.
4	Definitely love the concept. If they don't have a happy hour they should. And bottle service that's reasonable. Only issue is having a video game you never played playing it while getting your buzz on.
4	This place is really fun and apparently, the new spot to hang out.  It has a lot going on -- there's large screen tvs that people can sit and play video games on, the old school arcade games, a dance floor with a DJ spinning and a very large rectangular bar at the center of it all.I like that you can just chill and have a drink or actually dance without having to pay an outrageous cover or line.  When I went on a Saturday night, the DJ spun an eclectic spectrum of music, ranging from the newest hip-hop to even some Metallica.  The bar is not as impressive; it was always busy and hard to flag down a bartender.  The drinks were fine but nothing special.Overall, it was a really fun place to hang out, have fun, and dance -- and without having to take your stilettos or t-shirt with wing/ rhinestones too seriously.
5	Game on!  I've come here after work (say around 8p) a handful of times and I've been here on late Saturday nights during Vegas StrEats, and I've never had a problem with getting in the door in a timely fashion.  Be advised though, it's murder trying to get in without a long wait on most Fridays and Saturdays any time after 10pm.  Once inside, my closet gamer nerd self comes out of the closet and I relish in old-school arcade games (where else can you find DigDug, seriously?) and in the plethora of LCD and/or HDTVs set up with new-school games.  I seriously appreciate that I can sit at the bar and play Marvel vs Capcom (and yell expletives at the screen) and have drinks brought over my way.
5	Ok, so I'm a bit of a geek that spent much of his childhood playing whatever video game was in the local pizza place or convenience store. Now I'm a respectable drunkard of an adult, and stumbling upon Insert Coins was like some wonderful dream from my teenage years come to life a decade or two later. Seeing some of the other reviews here I'm a little baffled. When my friends and I went (on a Wednesday night probably later at night) the place was nearly empty. We had no problem getting in, no concerns about our dress, no wait for drinks, and all of the machines were working. I certainly didn't get any sort of "club" vibe aside from the fact that you could get "bottle service" and play console games on a big TV. I have to admit, being an East Coast guy I really don't understand the club thing at all. Bottle service to me is I order a bottle of Narragansett because they don't have it on tap. I had a beer or two for a couple bucks and played a decent amount of Gauntlet, Double Dragon, and Raiden. Probably would have stayed longer if my friends weren't wanting to do a bar crawl and check out the whole neighborhood. Will definitely come back next time I'm in town - and hope it's not the douchebag nightclub other reviews are indicating.
4	Who can say they have played Left for Dead while drinking the tasty alcoholic beverage of their choice? Anyone who goes to Insert Coins! Though there are far more games to play then just Left for Dead (my favorite), this bar is a video gamer's heaven. I honestly cannot say I knew every game there, but I do know that my friends were freaking out when they saw a game that hadn't played since they were a kid. It was really amusing and nice to see grown people having a great time playing arcade games and enjoying the service. Not only are the games an attraction, but the bar is one as well. The bartenders were very nice and talkative. The overall atmosphere was very chill. I also liked how they had servers for those playing the games. One server was dressed in a superman shirt and some fishnets. Very appealing to the customers. I enjoyed myself on the night that I went and I hope to be back there soon!
5	FTW.  This place is fun times 3.  Hell, they even have Tapper.  I mean the original Tapper, not that garbage Root Beer Tapper that came out a year or two after the original came out.  Was that a sign of PC in the 80's?  Still, the game rocks.  They seem to keep the new games updated with the latest versions...FIFA 12, Madden 12, etc.  Good prices.  "I'll be back."  But not with shades on or an Austrian accent.
5	Video games plus stone bombers. Hell yes.
4	I don't understand the Yelp hate. This place is the jam. Three of my favorite things: Booze, Classic Video Games, and Hip Hop.Do I need anything else? Maybe mad honeys, but I can arrange those by calling some of my friends. In any case, this place is the jam. Galaga! Pac-Man! MORTAL FREAKING KOMBAT! And Bombay Sapphire Gin, Makers Mark.It's a little bizarre to have a dance floor, and DJ's, but the lighting/projector screen set up is pretty damn cool. My first visit here was on a slower night, but I'd definitely come back on a busier night. Did I mention you can play PS3, XBox, etc, AT THE BAR!?!? Also, this is a JETS bar! Thank you Insert Coins for being awesome. I'd be happy to insert my Benjamins here any day of the week. Assuming I had Benjamins. Maybe I'll stick to Jacksons.
5	There are a few things I love: a tasty alcoholic beverage (Jack and Coke, please), a comfortable place to sit, and playing video games with friends. So when I discovered I could all three at place with caliente lady barkeeps, near tons of food places, and at a cool place, I was all over it. First of all, this place has serious gaming credentials. It's not like when you used to go to EB Games and play one of the three setups they had to try a new video game. Or like when you go to Target and play their hardwired, barely-functioning Playstation. This place has Playstations and XBoxes (Xbox-i?) left and right, all hooked up to beautiful flat screens... it's awesome. Secondly, the bar staff is pretty cool. The dudes and ladies who poured me drinks were cool people and were on point when it came to me never being sans Jack. That's good, especially as I think get better at gaming that way (I really don't, but still). The drinks were not as uber strong as I would have liked, as some of the bars downtown are, but they're about average, I'd say. One of my friends, however, that his drink was fairly light. So that's something that could maybe improve. Overall, though, I would rate the drinking experience 5 stars. Thirdly, the place is cool. There are games all over the place, the crowd is younger and not too hipster-ish, and it's in a good spot. The Freemont East area gets cooler and cooler all the time, so it's good to see more awesome places there. All in all, I like this place. Good gaming, good people, good drinks, good area... I love it. I think I want to host my birthday party here...
4	Bring hand sanitizer, and bring your singles you were planning on spending on strippers.  This place is waaay more fun!  Dig Dug? Burgertime?  Drinks are strong, space is wide open, and surprisingly not that loud, considering all the video games.  Joust? Galaga? My friend who claimed not to like video games was sucked into a ms. PacMan showdown.  I promptly kicked his *ss, and he sulked all night.   It was like being 14 again.  Oh wait, I act like that often.  But I liked this place.    The DJ when he did play was a little heavy on the house music, which made it hard to concentrate on my game.  Other than that, it was super fun and a change from boring Vegas.
4	This little childhood memory Bar was hidden on a seedy street of downtown las Vegas. Fortunately, I have some native friends that know where to go.It's basically a bar filled with arcade games from the past: e.g double dragon, Sega outrun, operation wolf, tappers, x-men, marvel vs. capcom, donkey kong, etc. Fun times.
4	Insert Coins is like a hip nightclub for geeks where you can book (very affordable) bottle service to reserve a couch and a classic gaming console. Or just wander around the bar/club, but instead of dealing with sweaty hordes of dancing bros and sorority girls, you can play standup arcade games. And if you do want to dance, they've got awesome DJs spinning geek-friendly tunes (yes, that means plenty of Daft Punk on the playlist). It's the new Geek-mecca of Vegas and another example of why Dowtown is slowly becoming the coolest and most unique part of Sin City.
4	This little hole in the wall place is a GREAT place!  I love the old video games that they have:  Asteroids, Dig Dug, Burger Time, Tetris, Ms. Pac Man... It was amazing to see all the games and fun playing them...  I got worse at Ms. PacMan w/ every drink that I had.  LOL.  We went on a Saturday night and the DJ started playing music around 10p.Between drinks, video games and dancing, I had a great time....Drinks aren't that cheap but they're doable... $11 for an Absolut & Red Bull.
4	welllllll my wife and i are frequenters of Fremont and we stumbled across this little gem even though i wasn't feeling so well we decided to go in anyway(no cover helped this matter) and to our delight we found a pretty fun little hang out slash party spot(with no cover) so we settled right in with all of the old fun arcade games and with the mounds of tvs on the walls and a funny kung fu movie on the big screen the place has a good energy lots of laughs all around and good djs made the night one to remember although prices on drinks are what youd expect when you go out $7 for a corona
5	Best bar in Vegas. Bottle service is cheap. Good people, good looking waitresses. East Fremont is cool again!
3	Cool idea, a place to have a drink and play arcade games.  Its kinda small, not much room to play while others are walking around (drunk).  Watch the dress code, too strict for me.  Would rather forget about the drinks and just go to the Pinball Hall of Fame.
4	Went back in August and the place was pretty cool. Good beer selection, full bar, and old school video games as well as contemporary. Liked how they played a bunch of remixed video game music, too. Place was packed when I went around 2am, though, so the games and seats were all taken.
5	This place is so. freakin. cool.It's just off the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas, and THE place to be as a local. They have all the arcade games you played as a kid (or at least I did). I LOVED the Simpsons and TMNT games!!
5	Cute nerdy girls, old school arcade games, good not too strong drinks, dj, and xbox and ps3 in your booth... Enough said.This is my favorite place to hit up when I am in Las Vegas. Plus the environment is perfect for the ages between 21 to 33 gamers. Extremely spacious and not too loud.GO AND HAVE A GOOD TIME!!!!
4	No doubt this place made me feel kind of old.  There were a lot of what looked like high school kids break dancing on the dance floor.  But my old ass was able to get a table and rest my dogs, drink some really strong vodka sodas and stare longingly at the big screen version of Mike Tyson's Punch-Out.  Sadly, I had no big screen during my Nintendo days.  Cool concept, chill crowd and great bartenders.  Now I want to go back on a weekday because a Friday night at 11 was too crowded to play any games.
5	Everytime I've visited Vegas this year, I always made time for this place. It's more like every big boys dream come true: Arcade games, all the gaming consoles (at the bar and in booths), alcohol, music, and anime showing on the projectors. I love downtown Vegas, because it strips you away from the typical Vegas-y feel, and it's grimey....more grime gives it more culture (which we know Vegas has very little of).No dress code. Sometimes they have dope DJs that would play good hip hop and good house.... and to me, that means cyphers! If you're into the whole dancing/ bboy-bgirl thang, this is a good spot to get your boogie on. My friend celebrated his birthday there and had a booth with bottle service, what was so dope about it was that you can get super wasted and sit in front of their flat screens and just roast on the Ps3 if you wanted.... like I said, every big boys dream come true. And if you need a break from all the gamers, you can always bar hop to The Beauty Bar or The Griffin for some more local Vegas fun.and afterwards, grab some Oxtail soup at the California hotel for some late night grub!
5	I absolutely love this bar!  The classic arcade games combined with the availability of new xbox and ps3 games, the dancefloor, dj and friendly staff make this my favorite weekend hangout.  The clientele are so varied that it makes people watching even better than the average bar.  Where else in Vegas can you let your nerdy flourish?
4	The only reason it got 4 instead of 5 stars is that it was crowded and really, really loud (yeah I'm an old fart...what of it).  Honestly, this place is pretty awesome.  I was there with a party of 10 on a Saturday night.  Walked right in (no big lines like the pic on their site suggested).  The bar itself is pretty awesome - LED lit plex all the way around, big screens above the bar to play console games on, decent beer selection for a little bar Newcastle, Arrogant Bastard, Stella and a few others were present).  Killer selection of old school games here...Tron, Star Wars (yeah the killer OG vector graphic, blow up the death star one), Gauntlet, 720 and more...they even have Dragon's Lair.  Seriously, this place is pretty awesome & my friend that lured me up here said that on non-weekend nights, its a much more laid back place (see 5 star in my book).  If you like old school games, booze and people watching, check it out.  There is something satisfying about bellying up to a bar with a friend, getting your beer and a PS3 controller and playing Mortal Kombat while you drink...and this place nailed it.
1	I guess with all the good reviews here, I expected the place to be better. It is located on the outer edge of the Freemont area so you have to step over a few vagrants in order to get there. We were there about 11:00 on a Saturday night and there was no line at the door. The doorman was friendly, checked our IDs and got us in quickly. Once inside, we noticed that it really didn't consist of much more than a dirty, abandoned warehouse with some games, flat screens and a bar. The dance floor was simply a corner of the room that was divided into a small square area by 2 benches. It had a projection tv on the wall but it looked more like an area for people to shoot up than a dance floor. The flooring was just an old, cracked concrete slab. With a little grinding/polishing, they could have done a really cool floor that matched the gaming atmosphere. The walls were white washed with a couple colored lights shining on them. I didn't think the bar/waitstaff was attractive at all. The service at the bar wasn't very good either. We stood there for about 5 mins and nobody even acknowledged us even though there were probably only about 75 people in the place. It was ok because we were still in shock over the strange, corner bar in the ghetto-like atmosphere! We got a drink within 30 seconds at every other bar we went to on Freemont that night but not here! At that point, we lost our ambition to play any games so we just left. I thought all the retro games were a cool idea - along with the rental game areas/dance floor. If the place would have been classier and more Vegas-like with an attentive, attractive bar staff, it could have been a home run.
3	Making our way along Fremont Street, the GF and I stopped in to check out Insert Coins, a video game arcade for adults with a full bar and a roomful of classic video games spanning the last 30 years and bringing back memories of a time before Xbox360 and PS3.  Cool concept.  Less cool was that the bartender that served me didn't know how to make a proper Manhattan.  Sorry, but it does require a couple of dashes of Angostura bitters.  The fact you didn't have any at your station and served me my drink without it is a foul.  Stick to beer or liquor straight and you likely can't go wrong.  On this particular night, Insert Coins was a 4-star concept with 1.5-star execution.
1	Before you think this place would sound like a good place to host a party, go check it out; spend a few hours there, and consider if this place is worth the money they charge (especially or booths). So I went here last night for a friend's birthday "party". My boyfriend and I started the night waiting in line, because when we went to check in, the hostess gave me a wristband and told me that the party was 'full' at 16 people for the two booths that were reserved. So we got in, hung around the table for a while, played a few games, then the bouncers came to try to kick my boyfriend out of the bar because he didn't have a VIP bracelet.. we were offered the option of paying $50 per guest over the "limit" (note: many of the guests in the party had left, guest limits are not revolving), or we can purchase more bottles. We had already pre-paid for 8 bottles. THEY SERVE 350mL BOTTLES, and are on par with prices at a 'real' club. Hostesses were nowhere to be seen, I poured myself 2 drinks before I realized we even had a hostess. Asked for other selections on the Nintendo system we were playing, left before it arrived (IF it arrived). You'll also find yourself tripping over those g-damn console WIRES of the vintage games, interrupting all your friend's games.. I can't imagine that issue would be resolved purchasing more bottles.. Overall, this place seems like a really great, but the execution is REALLY poor. 1. CUSTOMER SERVICE! If people are dropping money on a booth (which can range beyond $1200 each if you're getting premium liquor like grey goose) you can afford to send a hostess to pour drinks more often than once an hour.2. SET UP! The set up of games in the booths was awful. Tripping over wires with a drink in your hand isn't fun.3. STOP PRETENDING like you're a high end club- you're a little dive bar with video games. Greeting hosts shouldn't be encouraged to give lip at a bar like this. 4. VENTILATION! Most people can deal with some smoke, but most people also like to breath air every now and then. 5. LET PEOPLE PLAY GAMES! Fix the ones that are broken, offer to change the games. When we aren't paying by the hour to play, we want to play more than one game. 6. SERVE ALCOHOL! No draft selections. Watered down drinks. I think I even saw PLASTIC Absolut bottles at an adjacent booth.
4	I really liked "Insert Coins". Alot of hype surrounding it, and I finally made it down there for a couple of rounds of Burger Time, Ms. Pac-Man and House of the Dead. I don't get downtown very often, but I find it to be a ritual of sorts to get into Insert Coins when I am anywhere near Fremont Street. A few good beers, some Street Fighter at the bar and some old school pin-ball machines later.. and I'm all happy and feeling like a kid again.. I realize it's not everyone's idea of fun, but beer and video games with a DJ and people acting a fool on the dance floor.. that's my kind of spot!
4	When I first went to this place I hated it but my friends and I kept going.. now i love it! The people that work there are awesome and remembers me which makes me feel special, plus it probably helps that I use to be there a couple times a week.
4	I love this place and the Djs here have good taste when it comes to Hip Hop.  Yes it's in downtown and I don't care that it's considered as a grimy place but the bars out here are full of real people not here to entertain, impress, and floss...just out here to have a good time, socialize and drink.Don't mistake this place as another Dave n Buster knockoff.  Its not as big but what you get is a decent size bar, friendly bar tenders, arcades that I used to play back in High School and oh video games on their flatscreen with newer games from Xbox 360s and PS3s.  It's free to play the ones on the flatscreens.  They'll just need your ID.When the good music starts bumpin', ya best believe the vibe on the dance floor gets crunk but never packed.  Lots of dance contest occur but I'm not one to ever make a fool out of myself unless I've had too much to drink, then maybe I'll have the courage to do the tootsie roll or running man.  Yes damn it, I'm old and don't know the latest craze like jerking and the dougie.
4	This place is what I consider an adult version of Chuck E Cheese. A " Bar-cade" if you will. Right when we stepped thru the door, my husband asked me for quarters and ran to his favorite game to place a quarter on the cosole to reserve the next game. Everywhere we looked, we were taken back to the day when arcades were actually relevant, and home gaming consoles were rare and out of reach. Against the wall near the entrance sat 4 comfy leather booths each with it's own entertainment centers and a flat panel tv. Bottle service available for each booth. The music was perfect. Hip Hop, video games and alcohol was a good time had by everyone in our group. Just add food and iphone chargers and it'll be just as if I was at home. Great place off the strip if you feel like being casual, save yourself $20+ just for cover at an exclusive packed club, and to add a stop on the "bar crawl".
2	I liked this place better when it opened up during the Spring of 2011. Back then the atmosphere was a lot nicer, and I even knew one of the doormen (who also works at the Rain Nightclub). They play a combination of Hip-Hop and House remixes on weekends, and just some rock and Top 40's during after-work hours. It appeals to the hip, youngster crowd, combining beer and video games with a awesome dance floor.Recently the lines have been getting a bit too long. Basically during Friday/Saturday/Sunday, after spending 45 minutes in downtown Vegas trying to look for a free open parking spot, you also had to deal with a massive line that starts forming around 9:00PM. On a holiday, say Halloween or Valentine's Day, i'm cool with that, but these days the lines have been extending across the block down to the Fremont Street Experience. I don't think the building is even large enough to accomodate the amount of people coming in.I'm not particularly worried about the bums outside. Yeah, like all of Downtown Vegas you got your annoying wannabe homeless hustlers, but you got security and doormen to keep them far away from the lines. I have NEVER seen a fight jump off over here, just two bitch assed lil busters woofing at each other and the bouncers are vigilant to clear them out.Police have a heavy presence here, inside and outside the club. Its really easy to spot a undercover here these days. Its basically just the random nobody that you run into that acts "a bit too friendly", and they will STALK you all across the entire lounge. Really creepy. I would have given a 4 out of 5, but I remembered better days when it just opened. Now as all the locals thinks that this place is the hottest spot in downtown Vegas, I see alot of trashy creepers, and undercover cops milling about inside to reach their arrest quotas.Edit: I had to drop a star for this joint... Remember what I said about fights not breaking out? Well now at Insert Coins, a fight jumps off every 2 days. Cops regularly stop by this section of town, which includes Insert Coins, The Griffin, Beauty Bar, Vanguard, and Don't Tell Mama to haul people off to jail. I saw this one limo driver outside run over a bum. And we all kept telling him to "go this way", but he kept driving back over the bum. This place also lost its spot as the "hot spot" of Vegas locals, and the great DJs that used to come here when it opened packed their bags and left. Every couple a weeks, a few acts here and there and thats it. More of the slot arcade machines are getting Out of Order problems. The ratio of male to female has shifted into 90% dude, 10% chick on a regular day. There is a common impression that this joint is "ghetto". Well it was always located in the projects, but like quicksand, its very close to consuming Insert Coins.
3	I heard about this bar shortly after it opened, and when I heard it was a bar/arcade and you can play ps3 and Xbox right there at the bar, i definitely had to go check it out.    When we got to insert coins I have to admit I was rather disappointed. There's not a large selection of arcade games and playing consoles at the bar wasn't as much fun as I thought. In fact it was the opposite, if I wanted to sit in front of Call of Duty all night and get drunk I'd do it on my comfortable couch in front of my HD tv and much more affordably priced beer.     That aside, the bar isn't bad. They have DJ's and there's a dancing area, so if you're into dancing that's a plus. If you want to experience a better arcade-style bar though go to Dave and Busters (not sure if they have those in Vegas?).    One plus is they have Stone Bombers, so if you're a beer snob then at least you'll have something good to drink. If you're nearby I'd say stop in and at least check it out, just go in without high hopes so you aren't disappointed.
3	Okay, basically this is a cool place and you will definitely need to visit if you're a fan of classic arcade games, but there are some annoyances. (Keep in mind that I'm really only talking about the arcade games here - I didn't drink or play the console games. Yup, I'm an arcade nerd.)First, the selection of games is good. There are about 50 old cabinets, including hard-to-find games like Mr. Do! and Tapper - and a couple pinball tables as a bonus.So, despite the overall coolness of this place, here are those little annoyances. First, the controls on many of the games don't work properly. Come on, guys, you really need to make the rounds and test out the controls on each game. Of the ten or so I played, the controls on Ms. Pac-Man/Galaga, Frogger, and Double Dragon were not working properly. That's not really an acceptable ratio of non-working games.Also, some of the games cost $.25 and some cost $.50, but none of them are marked. It doesn't seem exactly fair to pop in a quarter and then find out it's gonna cost you another because you still don't have a credit. $.50 is pretty expensive for these old games, although to be fair, it's true that many of them are hard to find elsewhere, so it's not like you're just going to run out and play it somewhere else. However, $.50 is a lot to play a game of Galaga where the controls don't work and you die after 30 seconds. This is frustrating.Also, the screens on some of the old arcade games have been replaced with LCD monitors. I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels that classic games just don't look right except on a good old CRT-style screen. Excuse me if you have no idea what I'm talking about here. In any case, if you know what these games are supposed to look like, the way they're presented here might look a little funny.So, um, there's room for improvement here, but if you're an arcade geek, you'd better go. Despite the issues above, it's pretty likely I'll be stopping by next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Taking the "nerd" out of drinking and playing video games on the couch.The concept of mixing pretty people, a booming location, alcohol, music, and video games is like mixing hot dogs, pizza, beer, a nap, and sweatpants; they all go together, just not at the same time. I have a ton of respect for this place for doing something original, and really it isn't a bad spot.  The main issue I have is, "Why would I want to go out and spend lots of money to do something I'd be happier doing at home for much less?"  Definitely check this spot out, it's worth a visit, maybe even a couple.
4	I love the fun interior, blacklighting, and the modern and old school games galor. But, walking into this joint always makes me feel like I'm entering an internet cafe. With TV's everywhere. The place is fun, the decor is fun, and the concept is fun. I love that the bar is a great place to break the ice if you're on a date. Afraid to speak or is your date just not one to break the ice? I think this place just fills in the blanks. Yes, the silence blanks. I'm more of the contemporary game player since I didn't have much of a chance growing up playing the older games so I'm usually there playing Mortal Combat. Want to play Call of Duty? Come in expecting it to be used already unless you come as soon as it opens. The drinks are a bit pricey, but they did have a $3 Kamakaze special so I did take advantage of that. also, I was thankful enough to cut the long line when a lady approached me with a great deal for a table which was $50 for a bottle of Ketel. The arcade games were ok. They do burn a huge hole in your pocket since most cost more than a quarter to play, and being an amateur I was dropping handfuls of change in there. I'm not sure if the machines are authentic or vintage like the ones at pinball hall of fame, but I'm glad that I did find some appealing games to play that I found familiar like Pac Man, Centipede, Street Fighter, Simpsons, ect.4 stars mainly because they sold me on that cheap table on a busy night.
4	Its been over 6 months since my first review and I've been there quite a few times since then. Its still a solid 4 stars in my opinion. Again I'd love to see more games but they have DJs that are on point.
5	Whence first I started coming here, I feel the drinks were a little cheaper and I commented to many that it's startling how reasonably-priced the drinks are, considering they have so much tech to pay for. I went last week and paid $8 for a vodka, pre-tip. Since they opened, I've only been a handful of times, not nearly as much as I'd like. The few times I've gone, they've undergone a few subtle changes, like rearranging the table and seating arrangements. Also they started with video game-themed art for sale on the frontmost wall. That's no more. Maybe they all got bought? Or no one cares? It's location is great, as it's accessible for the Las Vegas local, but also really close kitsch to the Fremont Street Experience for one-timer tourists. Though it masquerades as a legit vintage arcade on one side, it's still a full-service bar and you will get carded on any night of the week to get in. No cover (that I've ever experienced ... maybe on special event nights). They have old school vid games like Tron, Joust, Centipede, Mrs. Pacman, Tetris, The Simpsons, classic SF, MVC, Tekken Tag, House of the Dead. Only two pinball machines. Last time I went, one was down. Machines range from 25c to $1. Be warned: a lot of the machines are quarter-eaters or their joystick is tired and shitty.One of my favorite things about Insert Coins is you can sit at the bar, drink your Knock Out or Button Masher (house concoctions) and you hand over your driver's license as collateral for a game controller. Then you can play a game by yourself or with a buddy on monitors that are mounted above the bar. You can play your bf/ gf/ bff/ fwb OR you can challenge a complete stranger. Say, the cute girl sitting next to you. Makes for a great ice breaker. Someday I'll participate in their bottle service. You and about four other buds can sit in one of their booths that has two flat screen monitors and play semi-privately. I'm not sure what the catalog of games is for this setup, but I'm thinking it's quite comprehensive because they always have a variety of demos playing. When last I asked, it's a minimum of $25 per person to have your own booth. What?! Such a deal! I can drink $25 in a hot dirty minute. I normally go late Thursday nights and there is a bathroom attendant in the later hours. Which I think is unnecessary, but whatever. They have a dance stage and normally a DJ in the back of the bar. I've never seen the floor get very crowded. I think I just never go on the right nights. They spin the Vegas brand of EDM. There's also a multi-paneled big screen behind the dance floor that plays -- it alters. I guess most nights, it's footage of classic arcade game play like Street Fighter. And I remember during the NFL playoffs, they were playing the games. Their bartenders are hot chicks that I've had mostly good experiences with. Bartender-patron experiences.
1	The bouncer let a woman in knowing she had a fake ID, but wouldn't let myself in because my ID was stamped for an address change.  It still showed that I was clearly 26 years old!!  Not coming back and will definitely not advise people to try it!
4	Go around 5-6pm.There is no happy hour (that I am aware of), but you will get to enjoy all the cool things about this spot and avoid the crappy ones.Bar side video games, decent beer selection and borderline reasonable prices. Lots of classic and modern games and a great lay out.However, your typical evenings are crowded with a line to get in, followed by long waits for drinks and often long waits for games. It's just the nature of this time of place. The music is LOUD like a night club and there just as many non-gamers, who don't care about why you are there, as there are game nerds. This can make it rough.Try it out, see what you think.
4	One of my favorite spots - the crowd is pretty random and a lot of my favorite games "eat" your quarters or have technical difficulties... it can also be tough to get a drink at times... BUT for the most part, I enjoy the jams while attempting to make the scoreboard on Tetris or Tapper.  If you're into bottle service, the prices are pretty decent (compared to the strip) to grab a couch with your favorite console (nintendo or super nintendo for me).  True, it's probably cheaper to stay home, but think of all the random people watching you would miss out on.  Bring a roll of quarters and get your game on.  If all else fails, you're surrounded by a handful of bars within walking distance.
4	Priced high but lots of fun. Unique atmosphere!
2	10.09$...That was the total of my cape cod. A weak one at that!!! Seriously, 10.09$? Heather and I looked at each other in bewilderment because in the first place the server said it would be only 8$ but she comes back and tells me its that price. Ok now I dont mind paying that much for a drink, but what I did mind was the fact that they take your drink order and then tell you they need cash or a card BEFORE bringing you the drink. I sent her off with a 10$ bill since she said it was only 8$ so when she came back she gave me the total and said dont worry about the change... I was like ok? Dont worry about a tip either toots!! We came here and it was supposed to be free for locals, of course the sign on the door said before 10pm and guess what Sally? It was 1018! Oh well, that gave us a free well drink ticket which was a crappy cape cod. I swear, I understand that top shelf is more but it was pure juice imo! Whatevs! We walked around this joint and I was all happy with the lights. The only seating they have is sround the bar which is also were they have game consoles. They have vip tables or whatever which include a nice place to sit and a personal tv and all the regular crap vip has.I seen they had a ton of really awesome games but I didnt play any : ( I wasnt about to spill any of my 10$ cranberry juice! Lol. Back to my drink. Ok, so HeathEr comes back with a big plastic cup and my server comes back with a small glass (im used to them being served in a collins or high ball)... And NO LIME!! Ok, now I guess some bartenders dont know how to make this very complicated drink called a cape codder. This place is cool if you dont mind over paying for drinks (come on, I always go to clubs on the strip, 14$ for a drink there is acceptable but not at this place!) I may give it another shot since they have awesome hip hop acts (wanted to see Kweli!) So yea.
4	Alcohol + Dance Floor + Video GamesGreat place to relive your childhood! Located in old Vegas this bar was a fusion of both classic and modern games. My friends and I delighted in playing a game of the Simpsons, four person side scroller game from the early 90's. We came mid-day on a Saturday and was able to get a booth with two private TV's. We had a 2 hour intense game of Halo. The minimum for the booth is $12 a person and the booth + games was free. Drinks were pretty inexpensive and we bought about 2 each, plus they gave us to go containers for whatever we didn't finish.  Great service and good selection of arcade and console games.
4	Insert Coins is definitely a fun place and a cool idea.  I wish it was less club-like and kept their drink prices a little lower.  I understand that going out is a different experience for most people than it is for me.  This place is more about being seen with the cool kids than what I would call an authentic good time.  So if you're into it you can have a couple $10 drinks and be like the kids on TV.
4	Went in last night, a Thursday, at around 11 PM. I was ready for a line and a cover, as a few people stated there would be on Yelp. We walked from the California to Insert Coins (free parking, yay :)) and enjoyed the Fremont St Experience on our way. When we arrived, the doorman greeted us with a smile, no line, no cover, and let us on in. I didn't come to drink, I came to hang out with a group of friends. We had a blast! My boyfriend brought a big bag of quarters that we lug with us whenever we go to Pinball Hall Of Fame, and we played some Killer Instinct (the memories of childhood brought a violent tear to my eye) and Marvel vs Capcom (I whooped him!) .50 a game is NOT expensive, guys. Especially when you're like me and smuggled in some water to just have some clean fun with an arcade. We probably spent less than 15.00 in quarters for 2 people and we were there for 3+ hours. I did end up at the Killer Instinct machine for a second round only to have my hand land in something... goopy, for lack of a better word. I hope it was the guy before me's drink... if not, that's a c-c-c-c-combo breaker. :(The dance floor is a great thing. Unfortunately, the DJ kept playing things that were just not fun to dance to, and didn't get the hint even when the dance floor kept clearing out. -1 for that... but when we first got in he was playing some pretty awesome stuff. Mostly old hip hop mixed with some pop.All in all, I'll be back when I'm looking for something a little more rowdy than the Pinball Hall of Fame.
3	It was decent, but I thought Id like it more.  The space is kind of like a warehouse- they haven't put much into making it look pretty.  However, there are lots of old school video games (some work better than others), so the nostalgia factor is pretty high.  All (most?) of the games are just 50 cents, so that was cool too. They've got change machines, and I appreciated that the games took quarters and not tokens, cause that would have gotten old, fast.  Admission was free till 10p, then $5 cover afterward.The bar had a cool setup where you could play games on HD flat screen tvs set up all around the bar. Drinks were reasonably priced, and they had about 6 "specialty" cocktails as well.  There wasn't very much seating, unfortunately. Seats on one side of the bar, a couple of tables with chairs, and the rest was VIP/reserved. It got pretty crowded, and it was really warm in there, almost damp/humid. The DJ was great, but no one was dancing! I think I would have had a much better time (and added a star) if there was actually dancing!
4	At one point in my life I was known for my Nintendo abilities, particularly anything involving the name "Mario" (even Dr. Mario, thanks).  And don't get me started on how bomb diggity I was at The Lion King.  You could only wish you had my skillz.Well the video game days are behind me now but I live vicariously through my husband.  I watch him play a few times a week and he graciously plays Lego games with me so I can feel like I'm still in the gamer loop.  If gamers played Lego games, that is.When I first heard about Insert Coin(s) I knew that I had to get my husband down there.  Beer AND video games?  He would love me forever.  So I was stoked when I had the chance to be at a Yelp event there this past summer.  The place was pretty amazing and we just finally got the opportunity to come back this past week.Ok, so I'm confused on how to rate the place.  It's catering to the nerdy crowd and the owner is a Pac Man master.... But there are tables with bottle service like you'd find at a club on the Strip.  There are tons of screens to play video games at the bar for free (Mortal Combat and Vodka Cranberry, anyone?).... But the drink prices nearly rival the bars on the Strip.  Seven bucks for a Budweiser on a Thursday?Cons: Drink prices and appears to cater to a hipper, cooler (read: not into video games) clientele on the weekends.Pros: Friendly bartenders, free video games, lots of arcade games, cool atmosphere, and a mellow crowd during the week.In the end I'm going with 4-stars.  Insert Coin(s) has done a lot for downtown and I really appreciate that.  Plus they gave me a few free drinks at a Rugby Sevens event last week.  I think that helped make up for the $7 Budweiser fiasco.If you're a nerd like me, hit the place up during the week.  If you're a cool kid, then get there on the weekend.
3	This place is cool for a change-of-pace bar, that provides entertainment other than drinking.It has a ton of old-school arcade games (recently, they seem to have removed a few, which really improved the floor space and the flow of the place).  You can also get traditional "bottle service" with a twist -- you have a variety of game consoles in your booth in addition to booze.  The prices for this start around $120 - not too bad!There is seating at the bar and a few tables scattered around.  You can also play video games at the bar.  On weekends later at night, the DJ comes out and there can be a pretty good dance floor going on.I always have a good time when I go.  Minor complaints - drinks are a bit pricey for Fremont (a beer and two shots was $22?), their signature cocktails are pretty bad, and there's often a crazy long line to get in on the weekends, which also means crazy long wait for drinks at the bar.  But definitely worth a stop on your tour of Fremont, especially if you get in early and avoid the lines and crowds!
4	Cool spot! Chicks dig this place...hipsters everywhere. The bartender Brian I think his name was was AWESOME! Didn't make me wait like every other assole bartender in Las Vegas.  They need to put drink carriers along side the machines so I can  set my drink down and play.  Word.
1	This place would have received four or five stars until recently. They are not taking care of the arcade games which are quickly becoming coin stealing space wasters instead of  the nostalgia inducing wonderland that they could be.  They have also instituted a cover charge after 10pm on the weekends, which took this place from one of the cooler spots in Vegas to the usual pretentious trash that permeates the Vegas night life.  It's a real shame because since its opening this has been one of my favorite spots in Vegas, now if I go downtown I will not be spending my time or money here.
4	So cool! I love video games, so obviously this is my heaven. I wish, badly, that I could own something like this someday. Bottle service includes a seat a their big fancy couches with your choice of some different consoles. AMAZING!! Plus, the bar lights up! How much freaking fun!?!?!
2	Not my usual barfly spot when I'm bar hopping in DTLV (downtown town las vegas) to me this place is a GAMERS PARADISE but all hype. Don't give me wrong I love the concept games, booze, & music at a bar? whoaaa! (not really I could do all 3 at home at the comfort of my couch)Line: The line here is ridiculous up to 45-hour wait just to go into a gamer bar? no thank you. The bouncers here are rude too, I think its because this place reaches max capacity quick so they find every reason to say no at the door to you. Drinks: are decent prices but worth it. I ordered a liquid cocaine and man did that hit me hard. I love their bar area probably the only thing I like about this place. Their bar changes colors!!!Music/dance floor: usually edm but I've gone there when it was a reggae night which is not my cup of tea. When its dance music the dance floor is packed with frat boys and  hipster girls. Super small and super hot.
5	First "local" bar I've been to since I moved to Las Vegas and we had a grand ol' time.  It's amazing, in all the cities and states I've lived in, I have never seen a concept like this.  It is a cool bar with great music and good atmosphere but it's crowning glory is the video game machines surrounding the bar.  They have just about every game I've ever seen.  There are also big screens where you can play games with friends at the bar.  It's such a cool place and I am actually not a video game person.  I sat at the bar and had some drinks and still enjoyed myself.  The bartenders were attentive and friendly and we really just had a great time.  I will definitely go back!
4	If I was planning on opening a bar and somehow had a way to channel my 16-year-old self to come up with the design, I'm almost positive it would be pretty similar to Insert Coin(s):- Arcade machines?  Check.- A live DJ playing music for people out on the dance floor?  Check.- Couches with devoted big screen TV's for playing video games?  Check.- More arcade machines?  Check.- A large bar stocked full of alcohol?  Check (obviously).- TV's above said bar for even more video game playing?  Check.- A bunch of good looking waitresses/servers?  Check.Seriously, what's not to like for a 16-year-old guy?  Well, other than not being able to get in (legally) for another five years that is.Although the video game machines are reminiscent of those old arcades shopping malls used to have, the music, table service, and drink prices make it more like a club.  Especially the drink prices.  While our rounds of shots may not have cost as much as they would have at the clubs/bars on the Strip, they weren't that much cheaper either.  At least we didn't have to pay cover (or wait in line) to get inside though.By the end of the night, Insert Coin(s) was probably our favorite stop from our Fremont Street bar hopping tour just for its uniqueness.  Between the chill vibe and the nostalgic arcade machines everywhere, it seemed like a pretty fun spot during our brief stay.  There was one point though where I felt a little frustrated.  When we were standing behind the people playing video games at the bar, I was dying.  Not because they were in the way or because we wanted to play, but because this one guy was so bad!  The 16-year-old me wanted to just snatch the controller out of his hands.  Seriously, who uses Dhalsim in Street Fighter?  Oye...n00b.  :P
4	Wow! DOWNTOWN VEGAS?!!? I had no idea... I came here for a friend's birthday, I was super surprised to see that it was like a 90's arcade with a bar and dance floor. You have to reserve a table if you want to sit at the television screens that have practically every 80's and 90's video game ever invented from every game system.The bar is an island in the center of this arcade warehouse and has plenty of room to squeeze in and get your drinks.Its a fun nostalgic arcade lounge to go to with childhood friends, or just anyone else that loves arcade games. It's pretty hot in here with little ventilation, unlike other Vegas joints.
5	First night back in Las Vegas and we hear of a FREE open bar.  You know I was there.  Great location, right on Fremont St in Downtown Las Vegas. The decor is amazing. Arcade machines, Video games, TVs above the bar for video game playing, lounge couches, live DJ, and excellent bar service.  You can't go wrong here.  The bar and their bathroom is kept relatively clean.  I would definitely be back on my next trip.
4	This place brought me back a decade and a half. Original arcade games in a bar setting with options to play on consoles....yes please! I was able to play all my favorites; X-Men, Rampage, and Galaga. The drinks are a bit pricey, but considering this is off the strip and a strong batch of two things I love (video games and drinking), I'd say it's pretty fresh! Although I don't see myself venturing to Vegas again, I would like to see something like this out where I reside!
5	It's not a dive, and it's not super flashy. It's just right. After going to the Griffin this place is a nice change of pace. I love the bar that lights up and changes colors all night, and the rest of the lighting is dim and blue. The theme is casual and also classic video games. They have the really old stuff. Get wasted and play with a joystick! There's also plenty of seating. Prices are fair, it's just a little bit south of the Fremont St. Experience and it's safe to walk there any night.Oh God, how could I almost forget! The music! It was every great west coast classic rap song, just gem after gem after classic gem. The best old 90s Ice Cube, Snoop, it's been a long time since I've been in a public place that played that many songs in a row that I genuinely liked. I don't know if they have that regularly or if I just got lucky.
2	So my friend's thought it would be cool becuz they like playing video games & drinking. So they thought it was ok. It wasn't my cup of tea. Place was crowded with what looks like underage teens with fake id's & much elderly people =x  The drinks was pricey but what bar isn't. Most people just standing around and looking awkward or sitting and just chatting. The dance floor is in the back area everyone just standing in a circle no one dancing. The table gaming area was only two people playing videos.It's not like you can pick people up or mac on them while they're playing a video game. There is no pause button and you don't want someone interrupting u while ur playing a good game. It's just weird. The play is an nice idea and something different but it was boring for me. I rather go over to a friend's place or stay at home to play videos and drink. So much more fun and comfortable.
5	Holy mother of drunken Mario Kart 64 playing!  This place is amazing!  Jason, our bartender, was funny, great to chat with, and bought us a couple shots while we played N64 (yes, I know they have WAY newer consoles, but I only know how to play N64).  The drinks were a little pricey, but not watered down in anyway.  We got pretty darned toasty in this bar.  We mainly had White Russians and Pucker Vodka shots, but Jason, good man that he is, split a shot for us of Three Olives Loopy, which tasted EXACTLY like Fruit Loops.  They have these cool booths to sit in while you play your games.  It is pretty trendy inside, and I was intimidated because I am a dive bar kind of girl.  But everyone in there was so friendly and sweet, and made me feel right at home.
4	First the kalbi truck brought us a fusion of Mexican and Korean cuisine... and now my inner nerd comes out to play with my hostile party side.  And no, this ain't no Mario Party we're talking about (perhaps Mario Kart after a couple of drinks).When fellow Yelp buddy Jaymie Lynn S. told me the idea behind this bar, I was hooked.  Where else would you find retro arcade games mixed with alcohol and loud music in the same room?I didn't know what to expect when we first walked in, no cover and all.  I was stunned.  Insert Coins definitely has a laid back lounge atmosphere, perfect to just chill and take in the environment.  The walls were littered with strobe lights, glow-in-the dark designs, and two bars with bartenders that would make any Pac-Man gamer eat up that extra piece of fruit.I got to play Mortal Kombat II... the best arcade edition of all the series.  How glorious was that?!  There were a couple of old school pinball machines that I took a jab at- man these games were much harder than I imagined!Unfortunately that one game where you smack the alligators as it pops out to piss you off was broken.  Sigh... some of the games here have seen better days.Even if you're not into the retro scene, there were plenty of modern game systems available at your disposal.  This place can cater to all of your gaming/boozing needs; just gotta go and find it.Tips: Bring quarters for the machines, and just like gambling, these games can be just as addicting.  So watch your friends if they get hooked.Also, there is free WIFI in here, so feel free to tackle those futuristic online games as well!
4	Came here on a Sunday night, around 8pm. The place was dead, which was good for us.  It is located at the end of Fremont Street, passed The Heart Attach Grill.  I would not consider this a dive bar, the inside is decently done. There are booths for you to sit down and play games. The bar also has TV screens above it where you can play games as well. The bartender just hands you a wireless controller.  I know they had Xbox and N64, I assume they have PS and maybe some others. The game library was huge. Further into the bar there are arcades everywhere, most of them are older which was nice to see.  They had games like Pac-man, Operation Wolf, Commando, Mortal Combat, Street Fighter, etc... There is a lot to choose from.  Since the bar was empty we got to pick and choose what we wanted to play. I only saw one change machine.  The drinks were good; my wife said her drink was very strong, which was nice to hear. There were 4 of us and it was around $60 for 8 drinks. I do not know if they have food, I doubt it. We spent a decent amount of time there before heading to dinner; we just wanted to get a look at the place and have a drink.On a side note the bartender did tell us that we could sit at the booths and play games for as long as we wanted, you just need a drink tab of $100 during your time. I am not sure if that is for every night. To me that is a great deal. I am not into video games but I am sure it is easy to sit down and play Madden, NHL, or COD for 2+ hours and easily pile up a $100 bar tab.  If I go back to Fremont, which I normally do not, I would check this place out again. It is nice to know that at some point there were only 2 buttons and a joy stick to play a game!
4	I love, love, love this bar! So many awesome games. The fact I can play xbox sitting at a bar, is probably my dream come true. The drinks are kind of pricey. The bottle service tables are bad ass. You get 2 TV's and 2 consoles of your choice. It's only $150 for a bottle, not that bad of a deal. The only reason I give this place 4 out of 5, is because now they have a $5 cover.
4	I came on first friday for the opening of the burning lady luck- the drinks were on point and i had a ball.
4	Great place if you like dance music and arcade games, there is a dance floor but not many people on it, fair prices
3	Was not that impressed by this place.  We had numerous machines eat our quarters. The xbox at the bar was pretty cool though.There's a full bar and dubstep I can't complain about that.   Not sure how often I would want to hang out here but its a fun time.
4	the moment i stepped into this joint the set up blew me away. it was a blast from the passed with a variety of old school vs new school games. they even had first generation games that I've never even heard about. this place has it all. and the bar is fully supplied for any possible well drink at a reasonable price for old Las Vegas. Within this small club/bar attraction is a small dance floor with a DJ who plays new school/old school hip hop. Insert coins isn't a place you would like to stay the whole night for partying, but it is a great place to meet up and preGAME. so yeah, while you drink, dance, and socialize you can also play a few games here and there and see if you can level up against others.
5	Downtown Vegas is my favorite part of town. I love all the changes going on and Insert Coins is my favorite by far. This place is amazing! Sooo much fun! I challenge you to go there and have a bad time, it can't happen!
4	Fun place to go with a group, especially out of towners. I think it's more fun to reserve a booth in advance so you can pick your game systems, my personal fave is the Super Nintendo. They even have an Atari if you want to get really old school. Even if you don't reserve a booth there are games at the bar to play while you're waiting for a drink and plenty of arcade games lining the walls. Make sure you get there early though because there is usually a big line to get in.
4	I found out about this place from an Article online about how Arcades are slowly disappearing from our childhood days.Not so much when it comes here. If you grew up in the late 80's into the late 90's, you remembered getting all giddy when it came to Arcades. This place definitely relives my childhood but in a big way for adults.What better place can you go, where you waste your money on play games? Gambling you see your money disappear in seconds. Here you get to enjoy playing actual games you remembered playing back in the day.I do wish they had a larger selection of Arcade games, but it was great. We reserved a booth, where we had access to a 360 and a muti-game machine that had the NES/SNES/Sega all built in one console box. We had a guy personally come up to us and show us a menu of games we could choose from which was great. Plus he had a flashlight as it was fairly dark in there. I would recommend not using black paper to print your game menus on. Traditional white on black menus would be better and easier.The atmosphere there is absolutely fun, where you see a bunch of young adults relive their past in a geeky style. I did not go and order any drinks from the bar, so no comment on that. We just had a waitress come up to us for drink orders. She was very attractive and attentive of our needs.One big mishap was that she had poured basically all of the shots on my leg. I mean we should have got the shots for free after that, but instead we got double shots.There is a huge dance floor and a wall covered in flat screens to make one big picture with a DJ playing. That was pretty cool.I wished they would have stayed open later. We got booted out at 3 am. I guess it wasn't busy enough to stay open past that time. You would think just like any other place is 24/7, they would stay open later. Then again it was a Thursday night, so maybe it's different on a weekend.One thing I wish they would do is tell you how much a bucket of beer cost. That was hindsight, because we assumed from our friend that put the event together said they were $25 dollars. Our bill ended up being almost $300 for basically 3 buckets of beer and 1 set of shots. It's Vegas, so it was expected. But wow... for what was essentially a 30 pack of beer.The ratio of women and men was fairly decent there that night. There was a huge group of girls that were there too.All in all it was a great night that I wished that never ended, and the one quip of having wet buttery nipples on your pants.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE.They play all sorts of music and have a full bar. There is a dance floor and videos playing throughout on various TVs. They usually have a small cover ($5) and it doesn't get too crazy. Everyone in there seems ready to have a good time for the most part. The main reason why I love this place is because I am a video game nerd and its about time we had someplace to go at night besides our friend's basement to play old school street fighter!  :-)
3	I think the theme was lost on me the night I went b/c there was a band playing so it was hard to get the video game vibe.  Sure there are weird drawings and videos everywhere, but the band was taking up most of my attention.  And this may have attributed to the eclectic crowd that night.  You wouldn't think some of these peeps where the video game playing sort.    It wasn't really my scene but it was a cool little place.  I can't really say there are better or worse places in the old Vegas strip b/c the whole area felt sorta shady.
4	Free games at the bar as long as you're drinking. Booths are a two drink min per hour. Custom video game drinks. Sell me your business planl...or better yet just tell me it so I can open a bar like this in my own hometown.
4	I love going here!! It brings a little nostalgia everytime I come here. It's like being back in the 80's and 90's because of all the classic video games they have here. But it's even better, there's a full bar, a dance floor with a Dj, of course. They also have booths that you can reserve, and you can get bottle service too, but it's not ridiculously highpriced like the VEGAS STRIP CLUBS... These booths have their own game consoles, Xbox, PS3, etc. etc. and you can play, drink, hangout with friends, and just have a great time. Just GO!!  That's all I wanna say about that... Lol!!
3	I thought this place was pretty cool old school arcade games and a bar. Its a pretty good combination.
3	When I first walked in, I was super excited about this place.  But, as I spent my $5 in quarters, my enthusiasm subsided.  All of the games are at least 2 quarters.  Do not be fooled by the coin insertion point that says 25 cents.A few of the games I played had really bad controls.  And, I don't mean they were bad because I'm used to PS3 controls now, I mean they were bad even by olde tyme standards.  I'm looking at you Burger Time.I didn't try any of the drinks, there wasn't a band playing while I was there, and there was no cover.Excellent idea, but there is room for improvement.  Such as: more games, in general (Ladybug!); and way more good pinball machines.  One pinball machine wasn't working, the other one (Street Fighter) sucked.  Or so I was told, I didn't waste my precious quarters on it.
2	The incessant WOMP WOMP WOMP in Insert Coins isn't from Pacman, but instead the sound of jokes failing when brawny, bar-hopping dudes start hitting on girls. This place is an ant farm for guys who pop their collars, swing their forked tongues back and fourth like pendulums on grandfather clocks, and wave their arms around like they're drowning in an invisible ocean. The music is so loud that I feel like treble clefs and staves are strangling and beating me to the floor. And the prices are ridiculous. I ordered a jack and coke and it was $10.00. Um, I didn't order Gentleman or Single Barrel Jack; I ordered regular. Did you guys put a spoiler on my drink? What am I paying for? It also doesn't help that the bartender cant hear anything because everything is so noisy. It's so loud that I have to repeat myself over and over. I felt like a hip hop hype man. Insert Coins has a few cool games - The Simpsons? Today, my friends, the word yes is spelled in "hells" and "yeahs" - but the terrible prices that play whac-a-mole with my heart doesn't really make the experience worthwhile.
2	When I first heard there was a retro arcade in a bar, I was totally down. Sadly, that joy was gone way too fast. The adventure started at the bar, where I was served an average drink in a plastic cup. After finishing the my drink, I decided to play a few games. So, I found the neared change machine to get the gaming started. Sadly, all the games are at least 50 cents, and half of the games I tried to play, just took my money. When I asked the bar tender how to get my money back, he simply said, "We're working on it and don't play that game anymore." Thanks buddy.After that, we finished our drinks and headed to the next spot. On a side note. If you want table service, you get a PS3/XBOX to play the whole night. At least you'll get to play a game. But the display is mirrored, so everyone in the bar can watch you play too.
2	Didnt like the fact they charge freakin cover if you are going to spend $ on games and drinks already... at least let local ladies in wtf we make the guys spend on us. Just saying.It kinda smells like pee. It was late at night so maybe thats why. On the other side the old school games are awesome!
4	I didn't get to experience all it had to offer during the pub crawl, but atleast wanted to get a drink at the sweet bar. A timely end seat opened up = that was my cue----score! It's nice seeing a bar, lounge and gaming environment all meshed under one roof.
2	The place is very busy on weekends ofcourse, and I noticed a lot of ladies dressed up, and I didn't get that. This is a bar with video games everywhere. Clubs are the other way? Then again, this business attempts to be a club just with video games against the wall. Fun place for a casual date. Lots of machines were broken and took money and wouldn't give it back. Very loud, dark  and small place. They have booths you can rent that probably cost a pretty penny.
4	What can you not love about the place.  Old school arcade games, pinball games, newer home video game consoles, lively dance floor and bar.  You can even call out someone and battle them out at one of the many bar screens.  And school some newbs. This place is awesome.You really could go to any arade around town to play video games but no where else has this kind of environment or collection, not even close. This is a 21+ place so leave the kiddies and home.There is a $5 cover charge which might be a knock and you probably have to park in the fremont parking garage which is the same for other fremont establishments. I am calling everyone out, pick your game, I got you. LOL
3	3.5...Cool concept!Huge bar, chill atmosphere. You have oversized booths on one side of the room with big screen TVs (for video consoles/gaming), then you have your large bar in the middle, and lastly on the other side of the bar you have all your old school video games. It was dim inside, which made it kinda cool to "play" games in the dark.
5	Great idea for a bar/arcade/club.. So many old school video games!! i felt like I was 8 years old again!! Great place to hang!!
4	If you're in Las Vegas and you're as awesome as I am, please spend an evening at Insert Coins. It sure beats a night out at one of those swanky Las Vegas clubs. Let's compare and contrast the two potential experiences.The Cover at a Swanky Vegas Club: It tends to be free if you're a girl and $20 (or more) if you're a guy. Lame. Those clubs should be paying me for my presence.The Cover at Insert Coins: It was free for girls and $5 for guys. Sort of lame, but it could be worse. The Winner: Insert Coins. It's the lesser of the two evils, which is why I voted for Barack Obama in 2008.The People at a Swanky Vegas Club: The guys usually have enough gel in their hair to glue together two bowling balls. And they tend to wear tight t-shirts with metallic prints or a dress shirts with really big stripes and maybe a skull on the back. Either fashion choice shows off their steroid influence muscles and fake tans. And yeah, they will say they are 30 and look more like 44.As for the women, you will usually see them caked with make up, Medusa like hair extensions, one size too tight dresses from Forever 21, and heels they got on sale at Macy's, but are one half size too big. They look sloppy. So they walk around in big groups so they seem more attractive. It's the Sorority Effect. Sure, they look great in a large group. But individually, no one really stands out.The People at Insert Coints: The guys were in jeans and t-shirts. The girls were in jeans and t-shirts.  I actually felt totally comfortable wearing a Pac-Man t-shirt, jeans, and some Star Wars shoes. And I even got compliments from men and women on my attire. It's just that kind of joint.Winner: Insert Coins. I'll take a laid back setting over a the Jersey Shore. The Entertainment at a Swanky Vegas Club: Some random DJ who is famous for playing music off his MacBook that usually consists of electronic dance music that hasn't changed much since 1995. Sigh.The Entertainment at Insert Coins: If you're an old school gamer, hit up the old school arcades from the 70s, 80s, and 90s. I showed off my Pac-Man skills, then played some WWF wrestling game where half of the characters were currently dead, and then moved on to some Street Fighter II and Mortal Kombat.You can also play more current video games at the bar such as Madden, FIFA Soccer, and Tekken. And they have lounge sections with an array of choices to sit back, grab some drinks, and play video games with your friends.In the background, there was some pretty awesome late 80s and early 90s New Jack Swing type music. So people could get up and dance the night away to New Edition and their spin off acts such as Bobby Brown, Ralph Tresvant, and Bell Biv Devoe. Best advice ever: Never trust a big butt and a smile.Winner: Insert Coins. Duh.Anyway, if you're in Las Vegas and want a break from the strip, head to Insert Coins. It's the perfect place to sit back, grab a drink, and be awesome.
4	Very fun place!  I was here with a friend who doesn't really enjoy video games so she was underwhelmed.  Overall, good prices, fun and great music.  Did not like 2 things, there were a couple of games that were out of order I would have loved to play, sigh.... the other was putting 50 cents in to play machines that used to be 25 cents.  Sorry, I'm a cheapskate that way.  All in all, fun place!
5	Homies dig it when I bring em. Service is on point. But Insert Coins is much more than just about the video games. The owners have had the urban dance and hip hop community's back since day 1. I had the chance to watch a intimate and entertaining dance competition there the other day and chop it up/rub elbows with some of the worlds best dancers who were simply watching having a good time. Who am I kidding, where else are you gonna find a spot like this of caliber the in the country?
4	Where else can you sit at a cool ass bar that changes colors, drink, and play classic video games?  This is the place!  Fun, fun, fun!!
5	It doesn't get any better than this.  Video games, booze, and dancing.  This is definitely a go to place downtown.  The atmosphere is great.  Everyone from the patrons, to the staff is friendly.  And with your choice of multiple video game systems you cannot go wrong.  They even have Atari.  The music was good too.  We will definitely be going back.
1	Excellent concept, but very flawed in execution. My buddy found this and thought it would be a great place to stop by for my bachelor party. I'll keep it brief, as there really isn't a whole lot to say about this place.Pros:-Awesome 90's music!-Diverse crowd-Definitely something differentCons:-In a pretty depressing and ghetto part of LV-$5 cover. Yeah it's not a lot, but I felt really jipped-Two change machines, both of which were empty when we got there and it took them a good 30 minutes to fill it-Paying .50/1.00 per game that you can easily find at any nickel arcade-Many of the machines were not playable due to a stuck button or damaged joystick. For example the Street Fighter II machine. Left joystick completely unusable. Only one?? -Good luck finding a taxi after leaving. There aren't really any taxi stands, even at the ghetto fabulous "El Cortez" Casino near by. Get a card before you come out hereOther:-Drinks were neither cheap nor expensive-Table service/booth might have been more fun, but we weren't going to pay $600 for itWhoever designed the website, they did a great job. Looks awesome from the site, but sorely disappointing when you actually go. I really wanted to like this place, since it is really the only place like it. Once was enough and I'd never go back again.
2	For some reason I go here thinking (hoping!) that the experience will be better than the last time. And it never is. We strolled in last night (a Wednesday) to bring some friends from out of town to check it out. There was a little issue at the door with the people in front of us, and rather than move them off to the side we had to wait for them to sort through it. Kind of annoying. The gentleman (and I use this term loosely) at the door was kind of an ass. It wasn't too crowded but it wasn't empty either. They had waitresses hanging around, which I found odd for a Wednesday because they don't usually have them on the weekends. A waitress took our drink order (3 budlights and a new castle) and came back pretty quickly. My husband gave the girl our card to pay and she asked for his license. Not too odd right? Except then she told us she needed to take it to the bar and when my husband asked why she said "because we right down your drivers license number". They have never done that before and we weren't ok with it so we used what cash we had to pay instead. That left us with no more cash. They don't have an ATM so we didn't stay and play for as long as we may have if we had used our card for drinks. As usual, I lost at least 2 dollars to games that ate my quarters and at least 5 games were not working. So as usual it was a pretty big let down. If you want to play video games, stay home and get a 6 pack. It will be less of a hassle and a lot cheaper.
1	Worst place ever!! They will charge your ass way to much for a bottle and the music blows ass. It's a mixture of of techno drake and break dancing music!! Wth and there is nothing but guys in there. The manager guy is a dick And the Korean girl if u see her trip her! The coin machines will eat your quarters just stay home and drink there with your friends waaay cheaper. Cover charge also ?? Yes even for girls go to beauty bar across the street better vibe and no dick head jersey shore asshole charging u
4	Go when it's not busy. This is my only advise.Of course it's fun and the setup is rad, but if there are more than 80 people in the place, you will wait forever to get a drink and may not get to play your fav game. And it's no one's fault, it's just not possible to balance crowds here.Also, they play better music at a reasonable volume (you see me getting old, right here??) when the place is empty.It is a little more expensive than a regular bar, but you are paying for the experience in a little at a time with every drink. Totally worth it. The open area with high top tables is a great setting for a group of 7 like we had. Excellent time!!
1	Worst place ever I will never come back here bottles are expensive and the music is shittty !! U will get ripped off... I never been to a place where women pay for a cover charge and they play all kinds of weird fucking music. Whatever tho will never go back there again
5	Well executed concept with great beer. We went on a Saturday night, for some that would be the optimum situation from which to judge a place. Me personally I would just rather stare at the people on Fremont street for a few hours than patronize their establishments on late evenings but I was subject to the whims of my companions and acquiesced. The Great:Clean and Stylish on Dirty Vermined Fremont StreetQuality CrowdGood Service (went to a crowded bar and was served twice in 30 seconds).Some Rare Classic Arcade GamesGreat Bottled Beer (Stone Mainly) Neckbearded Arcade FanaticsThe bad:Sticky MachinesFalling Glassware (no one knows where to put their drink if the machine doesn't have holsters)Standard Club stuff: Loud music you can't talk over, huge crowds.Neckbearded Arcade FanaticsI love video games, I don't know if this is my scene, but it's a concept executed well. I wish this was a more "Pub-Like" place with food and quieter music, but I would probably think that of every club or lounge in Vegas. I can't knock this place for my own Old-Man prejudices, if you want a video-game club this is the place.
3	Video games + alcohol!! Sounds like a great combination and it is.... but..... not really. I've been to this place probably 10 times. I realize that my experience is largely based on individual nights and bartenders etc and with that being said this place is not bad in any way, its just not as good as you think it would be. The drinks are just too expensive for me to have a good time, period. I would recommend coming here with a group and getting a video game booth and shred on a console of your choice while drinking buckets of beer. Now that is fun!
5	Many of the reviews on Yelp about this place are unfair.People have said there is no ATM, there is...right next to the front door. It's been there since day one.They complain about games being broken or joy sticks being sticky. You have to remember that the coin op games are all over 20 years old and pretty sure it's impossible to stop people drinking alcohol around the games from accidentally spilling. I'm sure they service them as quickly as they can. Those that complain about the games eating their quarters, did you let someone know so they could fix the issue? I did and they got the game working right away. Again these games are over 20 year old classics.Those that complain about the $5 cover charge on the weekends. Not a bad thing considering the dress code is very relaxed and considering the Downtown location that this cover charge probably keeps out a certain clientele that may not be desirable in the establishment. Have you ever walked The Fremont St. Experience?  This place is exactly what I expected when I first went there and I love the underground urban feel. This place has something for everyone and is very multicultural. There is no age demographic. You can be fresh 21, celebrating your birthday and they have exactly what you need. Good priced drinks, the most current game consoles and games. You can be 40 years old and play the old school coin ops games that you played as a teenager! The music format is constantly changing and if you pay attention there is a different format every night, again catering to multiple cultures!Financially you can have a great night cheaply, or if you want that VIP Vegas feel you can have bottle service while enjoying playing any two video game systems you choose from the old school Atari to the PS3! For those that complain about the table service pricing, don't just pick up a bottle menu and assume. Talk to one of the hosts. You can sit at the tables and play the consoles for bottle service club prices, of course, but you can also get tables on small drink minimums most of the time. With those tables you get a waitress to order your drinks from (so you don't have to go to the bar), you get a professional gamer (who will switch out your games and take care of any issues you have, batteries dying in controller etc.)The best part is you can also sit at the bar and play PS3 or Xbox for as long as you want. The only rule...keep drinking. That's why you came to a bar right? Any true video gamer I have talked with loves this place. They have changed and adapted to the customers requests and ideas since they have opened. I highly recommend it.Give it a shot! We all have that friend that tells you a movie sucks and then you go and you love the movie. You can always get dressed up, go to the strip and pay $25 - $50 on any given night in Vegas. This place is free to get into 5 days a week, only charges $5 on the weekends. Only $5 DOLLARS and the dress code is relaxed. Go in shorts, flip flops and a t-shirt!
4	This barcade is perfect for me.  I love traditional arcade games-- and they have a great selection.  Tetris! Woo! I won't go if its too busy- I like to be able to move around and not have to stalk my next play.  Drink prices are standard. This is the place I like to recommend to friends that come into town. And location is convenient- plenty of eateries and other bars to pop in and out of.
4	Insert Coins- First bar,club, and lounge in Las Vegas for gamers! The laid out and theme of the club is pretty awesome, something thats never been done before. So high-five to that! I wish they had another bar rather then just that one in the middle because certain nights can get busy. The graffiti art on the walls well done. There old schools arcades wrap around the whole left side containing classic games like Galaga, Super Street Fighter 2, Pac- Man and many more. I been to this club four times now and wanted to make a compliment to Jamie and Jensen they were very considerate and had great customer service. Two thumbs up for gamers!
4	I give this business only four stars for yhe limited seating. Other than that, this place is a great get together for friends. The DJ keeps the vibe going for the crowd Classic aracde games and new consoles will keep you entertained.
3	I had seen this place featured on the Pauly D Project and made a mental note to check it out during my next Vegas Visit.  On a date night out with the mister, we were about to check out the Griffin, but it was still closed.  We saw Insert Coin right across the street and decided to cross it off our To Do list. It was past 5PM so there was no cover and the place wasn't crowded. The atmosphere was cool.  The bar was in the middle, so you can grab a drink while you played the arcade games. There were lounge areas that had X-Box consoles and flat screens, but I think you had to get table service to sit there.    It was cool to see all the vintage arcade games like Tron, Galaga, Dig Dug, etc, but I was disappointed that they didn't have the old Star Wars game, Donkey Kong, Q-Bert, or Burgertime.  Games are only 25 cents to play, so can't beat that.  Overall, the place it is a decent place to hang out, but I just wished they had more vintage arcade games.
5	I came here on a Monday night. A random Monday night. What the hell am I doing in downtown Vegas on a Monday night? Insert coins is why. This place is what Dave n Busters should be, without the flash. Original Street Fighter 2. Frogger. Shinobi. 720. Tron. Killer Instinct. And on top of all the vintage games are tons of flat screens surrounding the bar with free (yes free) games of Madden, Call of Duty, NHL, etc. Drinks aren't badly priced. And they make any crazy (or stupid) concoction your friends will want. Now why 5 stars? We came here on a night they had one of the most legit dance competitions I've ever seen. The music: 5 starsThe dancers: 5 starsThe vibe: 5 starsCome here for a laid back, solid time that'll take you in a time warp to when video games were the thing.
4	A local friend recommended I check out this place when I first moved here. A bar that housed old-school retro arcade games? Count me in.The drink prices were nothing to shout about (I was there on a Friday night... I'm sure I'd be better off on a Tuesday). But that wasn't really the point. This place is more about the atmosphere, nostalgia, etc. It accomplishes this well.It's easy to lose a few hours quickly here. It was a fun place to go with a group of 20-somethings and act like 5-year-olds again. I'll go there again without much hesitation.
4	Had a great time! The place is my personal idea of a lounge bar. The perfect combination of Video Games, a bar, a DJ (played pretty good music too) and a dance floor. The only reason I didnt give it a 5 star rating is the drink prices were too high and I wish the place was a little bigger. Plus, some of the games that I saw when I walked in and got excited to play (Rampage, Double Dragon) were out of order. But theres plenty more options to keep you entertained. Next time I visit Vegas I will definitely get a VIP section here and play some XBOX and PS3 on an HDTV in the comfort of a couch with a hot waitress serving me drinks.
4	What a way to end an evening of bar hopping!  Felt like a kid again - music was from my college days, games were from my high school days, and I was with my husband, step-daughter, and niece.  How cool is that?Lots and lots and lots of old school games (I played Centipede - look for my initials STF) and the place is roomy.  I didn't spend enough time there and definitely will go back.Only four stars cause I didn't have any drinks, so I don't know about their prices or quality (yet).
5	I was surprised, only 3.5 starts?  Well it's not affecting business that's for sure.  I overheard 3 staff members saying how they are making bank.  Yay economy.  My husband and I had a blast at Insert Coins.  We arrived around 8:30 on Friday night there was no line.I felt like the little boy in BIG! I've never been to a play like this before.  Well, I have been to Dave and Busters, but the games there are new and high tech- no nostalgia.  Insert Coins took me back.  That's why I felt a level of excitement as if I was in the movie BIG for some reason.  Thank you Insert Coins for giving me my first Tetris battle and Tekken Tag Team battle with my husband.  We had the BEST night.  We will def plan a birthday here in the near future.  Love the private booths/table and how the video screens swivel! Final comment: The bartenders are really nice.  The regulars are game enthusiasts and they are chill.  Perfect enviornment.
4	Really cool bar.  I love the idea.  The only reason I didn't give it a five star is because the arcade games don't last long.  You have to keep feeding them to play and at 50 cents each time it gets kind of pricey.  There drinks are ok... is more of the experience that I like.  Have been here a couple times.  Will hit it up again.
4	I am a true fan of any place that takes a bar and turns it in to a cool gamer lounge.  You can't go wrong with a bar full of geeks and alcohol a'flowing.  It's my home away from home.
4	Great fusion of an old school video game haven mixed with a full service bar.. Insert Coins has maybe 30-40 machines that satisfy every type of gamer.. Some of the selections offered were pac-man, asteroids, street fighter, super mario, etc. Every machine takes quarters, not tokens, so you can either bring your own change or use one of their dispensers to convert your bills.. They have large tv screens overhead the bar and you can play there as well, or order bottle service and play in your own area! The music is live via a DJ and he was spinning old school hip hop music, our favorite! I love the vibe of this place and see myself coming back time and time again.. Downtown Vegas for the win!
2	Yea.. Ok so heres the thing...The last couple of times I've been to insert coins.. It has been a very weak situation when it comes to the game playing. I know that people have commented on the noise, and the "oontz oontz oontz" of the dj while trying to hang out.. All things I have defended in the past since its just something thats part of the establishment.. But where my defense of the place ends is with the lackluster, and continuously falling quality of the games and service.On two recent visits, I counted no less that 11 games out of order.  11 games that are old school and are  there to serve a nostalgic purpose were not working... MS. PAC MAN... was out of service. I mean c'mon. Some of the ones that did work would eat quarters regularly, forcing you to grab a 'service' guy to refund your money. This would happen at nearly every other machine. On top of it all, alot of games are badly placed so you can't even play them.. The machines that have options for 4 players won't accept four players because 1) they are wedged between other machines 2) they don't accept quarters in the slots where you need to 'insert coins' to access that part of the game. Forget trying to get a drink in a timely manner either. Witt the idea of a bar, you feel like at least grabbing a beer or adult beverage of some sort might ease the troubles of trying to navigate a place like insert coins, but with seemingly 5-6 people working the bar.. You still wait 10 minutes every time. I mean.. Make some money people! Serve the guests that are staring at you. These girls and guys 'working there' just pass you by repeatedly. To top it all off, there is an audacity to charge a cover for entry after 10 pm some nights... Weekends I believe. It's often only $5 but to charge people to come into an environment that doesn't even provide the services that it's created to provide.. Is literally fraud and theft.  I'd think three, four times before heading into Insert Coins ever again. The place has turned into a really negative experience.  Not one of my friends has been happy about their recent visits. I will not be returning until something major changes about the way they do business. Which truly is unfortunate, becuase I'd like to be able to go here and chill once in awhile.
4	Insert Coins is definitely a spot to go to downtown. Since downtown has changed over the past few years, it has become more appealing to locals who want to avoid throngs of tourist and overpriced drinks. Insert Coins is a great concept and cool place to go. Immediately when you walk in, you have the old school arcade games from growing up, and on the right, you have flatscreen TVs where you can play all the new games with bottle service. Right past the entrance, is the bar with flatscreen's on each side that have Xbox 360's and Playstation 3's. As long as your drinking, you can play the consoles above the bar. Towards the back is a dance floor with a DJ booth. Every time I have been there, which has been on about everyday of the week, there is always a DJ. I really like how it has turned into a local dance crew spot, and you can watch people breakdancing and dub stepping all night. All in all, this is a great spot to go and hang out. I ve always had a good time there, between drinking, playing Xbox, watching the dance crews, and playing the arcade games. The only complaints I have is that sometimes the music is too loud to talk, but normally on the weekends, and I've had some of the arcade machines eat my money or not work properly. But hey what do you expect for games that are 20-30 years old in a bar with people smashing on the controllers and buttons all day.
4	This is one of my go-to spots for out of towners. Its a bar meets arcade meets lounge. Pretty awesome concept. With old school games such as Ms PAC Man and Galactia you can find something that will release your inner 12 year old. With dance music blaring and a neon bar it touches all your senses. The bartenders can be pretty moody at times but with the amount of people in the place you don't really notice. On the weekends your looking at a pretty long line and long waits for drinks, but its totally work checking out.
4	Very fun and cool bar downtown, with a casual atmosphere and cheaper than average libations.
3	Been here just a handful of times since I moved out here.  The bar/club's concept is simple...old school arcade games on the left, bar in the center, and a mini dance floor near the back.  I really only go here to take someone that has never been here.  Other than that, really no reason for me to come back.  Ambience:  Usually locals here. During the weekdays, pretty much dead.  Friday's and Saturday's, pretty busy, but not overly crowded.  One plus for me is that it's spacious enough that it doesn't get too stuffy.  Issues:  Games I used to play back when I was a kid seem to always be down. My favorites were Ye R Kung Fu, Commando, and Space Invaders.  I know, I know..I'm old.  Other issue...I'm the old guy at the club. Back to the Griffin or Downtown.
1	Bartender here was so rude, my drink was spilled and she yelled at me calling my a liar and attempting to only get a free drink when i asked to get a new one. I wont make it a point to come back here.
5	After reading the reviews here I didn't know what I expect. 5 stars? 1 star? Me and the wife went Saturday night.  Got there about 8 no cover charge (yet) went straight to the bar ordered our drinks and asked for the sticks and got to playing. The bartenders were very nice, (lots of reviews say otherwise) played a few games and hit the arcades. No games took my quarters, some games off, not a lot. Got amped when I saw killer instinct!!! Music was awesome. Played good hip hop and you can tell this is an atmosphere for us 80s babies. Left and it wasn't too crowded came back around 1030 ($5 to get back in) and the place was jumpin. Not too crowded though. I love this place. Will get the VIP table next time. Oh and yes there IS a ATM in there.  People who said they didn't needs their eyes checked.
4	OK, why was the idea of a barcade never done before? granted, some of the controls were sticky, the good ones taken, but still lots of fun,and a reasonable time to hang with an elementary school friend with whom our first bonding experiences together were playing video games at the 7-11 on the way home from school.Now we're old enough to drink.. well, make that old enough to purchase alcohol, neither of us seem to drink much anymore
4	If you don't know what  the Konami code  or "Down R Up L Y and B" mean then you are not  on my nerd level  and maybe wont enjoy this spot as much as I do. Im a gamer and I am a drinker. Finding somewhere to do both was epic..almost as epic as a friend egg on top of a burger..yesI went that far.IC is awesome and now more than ever, because the  wave of customers that are curious to check it out are gone and the real nerd meter at this place is going off the charts delivering an awesome super friendly crowd. Still I stay away from it on the weekends.Its location also rocks as its off the strip , in downtown area and around different dive bars and food jointsI love the setup. The tables are cool and having your big o tv in front with two consoles to choose from  while having a vodka and cranberry and not your mom  asking you to turn it off and do the dishes or clean your room make the already super comfy couches ever more comfy. Prices are very competitive and if you don't feel like getting a table, go to the bar and play anything against the person next to you. Playing is free, just get your drink and tip your bar tender. You got 0.25 cents arcade machines all around the place and also an uber huge screen that streams stuff too.Decoration is pretty basic and dark..not that I mind it at all as I am more focused on the video games and if Ill be able to land that shoryuken on my friends character. The tvs and machines around it makes up for it.Want to school someone on street fighter? Or show your Fifa skills, or go retro on someones behind and teach them how its done on space invaders? Do it son DO IT and show who is boss .Of course do this until I get there..because we know when Raul BOWSER BOSS shows up its GAMEOVER.Advices : Use a casino parking lot and get the first 3 hours free with an easy to get validation (go to the cage and get it stamped) its cheaper and safer. Also it's a 21+ spot.
4	im a big ass kid so drinking beer and playing video games for a quarter is my type of joint. Always have a blast her, the DJ's always plays good music Hip hop mostly some dance techno. i have seen talib kweli and de la soul here for only 5 dollars. if you are in the area hit it up
4	Here I discovered my skills in Mortal Kombat 3! And with dancing and drinks, me and my friends had a blast!!
1	Been there three times hoping its going to get better.Here is the lowdown...1st time I went I was told they had a game that was my favorite, when I got there they didnt have it. Half of the games I wanted to play were out of service. Some of my friends had a booth and were playing playstation or some shit that we could all play at home and they were being charged per person at the booth. Since I had not came with them and I ordered al my drinks from the bar, and never even played the game...they still tried to charge my friend for an extra person because I was over there talking to them...The concept is great, lacks management and seems like a free for all with the service and they way they treat people there.I will never step foot in there again. would rather go to pinball museum.
5	I firmly believe that every town should have this bar in it.  Video games, drinks, loud music.  god yes.
4	Battle of the beats was fun!! Great venue, great staff
4	I LOVE Insert Coins! I always take my friends there when they come in from out of town, and if I get to choose where to go hanging out with my local friends I always choose it. You get to drink and compete with each other in your favorite old arcade games! They have a good selection of them. My favorites are Pac Man, Tetris and Asteroids. If you sit at the bar just give them your ID and play any of their PS3 games there.Drinks are expensive. They have a lot of beers most bars don't carry. I always get Lambic's Framboise. I don't really dig the DJ, but I know a lot of people do. Not really a place where you see a lot of dancing.
3	Welcome to Vegas and the security sucks Mecca . Nice bar reasonably priced drinks. I go in maybe an hour after they open have a beer play a few quarter games.. Wait this one doesn't work ..try another quarter... Nope... Tell bartender , they refer me to the door security.  " excuse me the popeye game is broken ... It ate 2 quarters. " security - " yeh  you' ll have to wait for a host they will be in later"  WTF? Really I didn't t say that , I said " really . It used to be a 16 yr old kid would open it up and credit me .. No 16 yr old around  here"?  Security. Was like ok here's .50 .. They had quarters on hand.  Geez give me a hard time over .50? And didn't put an out of order sign... Tried 2more games but ate my quarters too.    Not worth the hassle ... Sayonara. Stick to the consoles  I guess,  unimpressed on that end. Now they aren't the only one in town..Oh it's the gamers principle for that quarter going back to 1982!
4	Great Time off the Strip !!!! I recently went to Vegas with my girl and had not been in a few years so we were eager for a REAL Vegas Weekend with drinking .. dancing.. drinking and yeah a lil more drinking.  At first we were not too excited about going down to Fremont Street on a Sat night but after an attractive local recommended it - we thought why not.  It was not too busy and we were definitely OVER dressed for the usual customer but no one was snobby to us- drinks were reasonable and the Music kept us happy dancing drunks until about 3am . We even got bottle service with our own TV to play video games.   ( Bottle Service was about $ 250 for Vodka which was a whole lot cheaper than any other place on the Strip ) - We had such a good time that I even forgot to pick up my credit card and ID and Thank God this place was open on Sunday for FOOTBALL so that  when we returned back the next day at noon I was greeted with a smile and had my credit card, ID and was even traveling down the zip line across the street in less than 15 minutes !!!  When I plan my next trip to Vegas I will definitely put this place in the Agenda - it was nice to go and listen to some good music in a comfortable atmosphere away from the GLITTER of the STRIP once in a while - TRY THIS PLACE !!
5	Insert Coin is a really good arcade.  It has great games like Simpsons, X-men, Street Fighter 2, MVC2, Killer Instinct, Mortal Kombat 3.
4	A group of visiting friends and I got table service on a saturday night. It was pretty reasonably priced and allowed us to have a private space to play games. The staff (Jordan in particular) was fantastic and incredibly patient with our high maintenance group.  This is a great alternative to a more traditional club scene; you can go out have a good time on a slightly more casual level (without sacrificing any of the fun).
4	I was recently here for my friend's 30th birthday.  He's a big comic book/video game fan, so this seemed like the perfect spot.  As we were staying right around the corner at the El Cortez, this was a really convenient place also, located right on Fremont.  At first glance, the club definitely has that old skool feel.  Big sign out front with video-game style lettering.  For my friend's birthday, we got bottle service and were seated at one of the booths along the wall.  WIth your bottle, we had full service from staff, and got a flatscreen setup with a console of our choice.  We grabbed a second bottle, as we had a large group, and got a second console as well.The games were entertaining and there were plenty of flashback arcade games on the other side of the club.  Staff was really friendly and helpful, and when one of our controllers stopped working they were quick to fix it.  Everyone in the group had a great time - the DJ was also celebrating a birthday and in high spirits.  The only thing that bummed me out was the pseudo dance-off that kept trying to happen.  I get it dude...you can dance and that's awesome.  But everyone else wants to dance too, not just stand around for 20 minutes staring at you.  Also, the dance floor didn't really pick up until later in the evening, as most people were hanging out playing games until then.Definitely a cool spot, way more relaxed than a club on the strip.
3	Insert Credit Card, max it out.  Mixed feelings about this spot.  On one hand, rad idea, concept, large space, and something different to do than surrounding bars are offering.  Cool deep benches/booths along one side.  A bajillion games and shiny blinking things to look at all over the place.  On the other hand, I just can't stand getting hosed on drink cost.  I ordered a simple bubbly cocktail off of their cocktail menu (no prices listed) but I was prepared to pay about $12-13 for it.  Right?  Vegas pricing, it was a specialty cocktail, whatevs.  After some delay, they said they were opening the bubbly... hang tight... ok... watch some football on the screens above the bar for several minutes before figuring out it was a video game, not television...  thirsty... Drink in hand, good time, not bad, but teensy tiny (maybe 3 oz?), then the bill came.  They charged me $5 extra for the bubbly, saying they were out of the cheaper one used in the cocktail so they'd substituted another!  What the effing eff?  I was ready to drop a pretty penny in this joint on lotsa drinks but that rubbed me the wrong way.  So... it was fun, but it could have been much more fun.  Ron T and I still ran some shenanz in that place anyway, and I sneaked in some p-ball while no one was looking.  My $18 sip of a cocktail just turned me off too much to stay there for more drinks, even if I'd switched to cheaper ones.  Cha-ching.  If you're into video games, don't miss it, and it's good for a large group.  But if you're just roaming and want to make sure you have some coins left at the end of the night, don't do what I did and blindly order without knowing the cost.
4	This is one of my most favorite places to take friends, in fact I am taking some there tonight! If I had written this review 3 months ago, I probably would have given it two stars, but I couldn't because I wasn't into yelping yet. But...Insert Coins has made some changes (some good, some for the worse) in the last few months and I wanted to talk about them. I'm a BIG fan of Street Fighter II arcade, grew up playing with my best friends to most of the games in this bar. Picture a Bar+Lounge+Dance Floor+Old School Video Games+Lots of Console gaming areas and you get the idea. Insert Coins is one of the three local popular Trifecta in Fremont, and for good reason. Along with Beauty Bar and the Griffin-they pretty much suit anyone's style of a good time. My personal favorite is Insert Coins-where else can you have a beer, hear pretty solid DJ's spinning not just top 40, but also house, breaks, drum and bass and Dubstep! So few clubs in Vegas spin electronic. Such a shame! On top of that who doesn't want to hang out with chicks who don't mind playing some games-bonus! No cover is always nice too. Plus any place that has smooth concrete to dance on is a plus in my books!Anyway, a few months ago I brought a group of friends to Insert Coins to have a good time doing the Fremont Experience and put this on the list. Had a terrible experience. Went on like a Thursday night. There was barely anyone in line but still took 10 mins to get in, and when my friends flashed there out of state ID's the bounce made some comment-maybe he was in a bad mood or something I don't know. Anyway, we got in to play a couple of our favorite games that were in there-and most of them had broken joysticks! WTF! A Video game bar that doesn't fix their controllers on their video games!?! I had been in a month before and the same games had been broke- Come on man! So after a beer or two, we bounced disappointed we couldn't play Street Fighter II, Mortal Kombat and a couple other fighting games we wanted to play.  Other than the cool guy doing amenities in the bathroom (gum, cologne etc) it was a pretty shitty experience and I was embarrassed to have brought my friends. Fast forward to now.  Went back recently and they made some changes. The door staff was definitely friendlier this time around, the bartenders were equally as friendly, if not a little distracted sometimes. Also they pumped some money into the DJ area, though not excited that it's roped off most of the time, at least before regular people could sit in the seats and chill. They took away the free standing tables that were for people chilling, and yeah that freed up some room, but at the cost of only being able to basically carry your drink around if your not at the bar-but at least the video games have beer holders. They did fix every single video game I wanted to play, so that made me pretty happy, and even got to play Soul Calibur on one of the big LCD's on the bar for a couple rounds and had a pretty good time. Thank you for redeeming yourself Insert!All in all, one of my favorite staple places to frequent and hang at and show my friends visiting in town, and glad they made a few noticeable changes to the place to make it better, but the roped off seating makes it seem like it's trying to emulate the clubs on the strip-eh...not really diggin that change. Plus now they have a cover on Fri and Saturday nights-so get there before 10 to save yourself a few bucks and get stamped on your way out. Look for me playing Street Fighter II randomly some nights. I use Zangief! Hope this review helps! Cheers!~Mb
5	EPIC place....all the killer 80's video games, an awesome bar, and THE greatest 80's dance tunes running nonstop.  Had a blast there :)
5	This place is great!  So many cool video games, awesome booths, and a dance floor playing some very cool old school tunes.  Who can't have fun here?I blew it on Centipede - last time I made it to the boards.  This time...I stank.  I need to return to overcome this very sad performance.
4	Most of the coins one inserts in Vegas is usually in a slot machine. (well at least in the past that is) I thought the concept of having a video game bar is quite a novel concept. This place was really packed when we arrived here at approximately 9:15pm. In fact, we just got their $3 Jameson shot specials. Around the perimeter of this bar, you can find classic arcade games such as Pac-Man, Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter, Tron, etc. At the rectangular bar area, the flat screen TV's are linked to specific gaming consoles that you can play. I've never really tried drunk gaming, but it seems to mesh well. I am not sure you are going to meet that special somewhere playing video games, but hey you never know.
4	I've been to arcades all over the United States, and I'd say this is the second best that's currently open.  (The best is Ground Kontrol.)The Good:1)  I like the innovative use of games at the bar.  Being able to play Mortal Kombat while seated at the bar on a big screen is clever.  I've never see anyone else do this.2)  The selection of games is fairly diverse, with a noticeable slant towards 'classic' games from the 80s and 90s.  Haven't seen a Shinobi cabinet in ages.3)  Pricing is fairThe Bad:1)  Get some pinballs guys!2)  I used to run an arcade in the 90s, and I think your layout could use some work.  Take a look at the best arcades and you'll see that they group the games so that the room feels 'intimate.'  Right now the place feels a bit 'cavernous.'  Then again, other Yelpers said the place gets packed, so perhaps the spacing was designed to accomodate a lot of people.  (On the night I was there it was slow.)3)  As others noted, a lot of games are in disrepair.I'd definitely come back though.
5	This is the first place I've ever visited in Vegas that isn't on the strip - and if was so different! I'm used to girls in their Vegas attire, bouncers that act like they own the place, guys being guido, but this is a totally different side of Vegas that clearly had mostly locals.The club was exciting - we got a table at one of the video game tables and it was so fun!! We played video games while drinking all night. From a price perspective, while it was cheaper than some places on the strip, it still wasn't cheap.  Not too bad though.  The waitress, other servers, and the DJ were great.  It was just a really different fun bar.
4	Effort definitely counts here. Insert Coins really is a unique bar/lounge/arcade/club/whatever you wanna call it. To start off, the place is pretty much a bonafide arcade. The place has plenty of coin-ops scattered on one side of the venue. Everything from old school games like pac-man and mortal kombat can be found here, along with some newer consoles.IC also features a full bar, with plenty of beers on tap and pretty much any liquor you could want. But it does come at a price. Neither the games, nor the drinks are cheap. Expect to play club prices ($10+) for pretty much any libation. They have a couple of themed drinks which makes it a little more worthwhile. One of the cool features of IC is the bottle service. At other places, you simply get a table, liquor of choice and an assortment of mixers. Here you actually get a video game console to play while you drink with a built in flat screen right across from your table. You can pick any system and game and geek out while getting tipsy. In fact the place is covered with screens so it does double as a decent sports bar if you are there to catch the game.Unfortunately, they do charge cover on friday/saturdays... $5. I guess its worth it, but then again I am not a big fan of cover at all. I usually avoid the massive crowds on the weekends especially on a first Friday. Also note, the place does get poppin, it features a full dance floor, dj, and all that. Closest thing to a 'club' you can find on east Fremont.
4	Friendly bartenders, old school video games, console games you can play at the bar - so fun!  We actually expected something totally different based on our experiences with the chains (like Dave & Busters & Jillian's) and we're totally surprised, in a good way, with Insert Coins.  Overall, I had a great time, but I thought the drinks were pretty pricey for being in a totally dead bar near Fremont.  Maybe don't start charging "real" drink prices until there is actually a DJ playing?  I was wooed (by Yelp) to hang out longer by the thought this place turns into a dubstep dance party to go with the video games, but, we were there pretty late (and 3 overpriced cocktails later) and we were still one of only three groups by the time we left.  On a Friday night.
4	I know a few people who've been here and recommend that I check it out when I have the chance. Well, it happened. My group wanted to watch the rest of the 9ers vs Packers game, so we stopped by. Nothing like sports, booze, and video games to set off your evening. We had ourselves a blast giving high fives after every touchdown while trying to pwn each other playing Rampage. They had someone celebrating a birthday while we were there, and they started "the wave" around the bar. It was pretty hilarious. You best save up your quarters and bring a group of pals should you ever decide to pay them a visit. It's a good place to hit up to break away from the business of The Strip.
3	Not the biggest fan of the concept truthfully.I like video games, but when I go out and drink, I don't want to play video games.  It is cool catching up on some of the classics though, but again, not really my thing when I am drinking.The atmosphere is a little awkward to me.  It is not busy enough to be a nightclub, with only a few people dancing on a Friday night, but not comfortable enough to be a lounge, since there is no where to sit, and it isn't a cool arcade, since the music is so loud you can barely talk to your friends while playing.  It also doesn't attract a ton of women, due to the first two points.Drink prices are higher than I would expect being downtown and in this location.  They charge at the door now, but it is pretty inexpensive at $5 for locals, and I think I overheard $10 for others.You either love this place or you hate it....I guess I am not trendy enough.
4	This place takes me back to the 80's and 90's with all the arcade and video games, but now I'm old enough to have a drink in my hand while playing.This is not Dave & Busters, there is no tickets to redeem, it's just old fashion gaming where you line up your quarters on the screen to signal you're next in line.The following games are ones that I remember pumping quarters in when I was young, and Insert Coin brought them back to me.- Simpsons Arcade- Defender- X-MenThey even had Tapper (I got a Wreck-it Ralph moment walking by it)!My group of 20+ got two tables and we were playing Dirt on Xbox, Mario Kart on SNES, and Contra on NES. The NES Controller was beat up, so it was difficult putting the cheat code in, but we eventually got it. It was hilarious when the guy brought the games over and helped us power on the system, and when the game didn't boot, he started blowing on the cartridge.As you play, you just end up zoning out, even if there's a guy attempting to ride your shoulder and swinging his junk in your face for attention, you end up leaning away and concentrating on fighting the video game boss (Thanks Shawn! you made me lose a life!)After a certain time in the night, the DJ made an announcement that the prices for bottles were $100 and tables for $100. Not a bad price if you happen to show up later in the night, the place was not at all packed.At the dance floor, there was a B-Boy battle going on, it looked like more locals than tourists, but still a very awesome atmosphere.Definitely a place to kick back and forget about the whole Vegas Nightlife, shoulders bumping, girls wearing nothing but a loincloth, overly drunken guy egos, type of environment.
4	This is an absolute must go to whenever my childhood friends come visit.  Mainly because most of my life of video games was with them. Whether it's downing multiple bottles of Arrogant Bastard Ale and playing the fighting games at the bar or kicking it old school playing games like Gauntlet, Rampage or Double Dragon at 50 cents a pop, this is an awesome place to hang out for an hour or two.  I also like most of the music they spin.
1	If I could rate lower than half a star I would... I couldn't believe the lack of attention one bartender tonight. Me and my co workers and friends from the Aria casino just got off work at 2am and decided to have a couple of rounds at our agreed upon bar.Personally everytime I come here I almost always get a table cause I know the service doesn't suck as bad as it did tonight(btw table service is great). Whoever that bartender was on the left front station on sat swing shift is I hope for your sake that you do your job better and not ignore people coming to your area. I was practically standing there for 15mins waiting for her to ask if I needed anything or say ill be with you in a sec.Never was asked once but the 2 girls to my right and the couple to my left where being taken care of quite well and a group of guys she was talking to for about 5mins when I walked in before she decided to walk where my group and I where standing waiting. I mean I can excuse it very easily if I can see you are busy pouring drinks but she was more concentrated on talking than taking care of customers.I can say that now about 10 people and their friends will never be coming back to this bar again.Me personally I love this bar, LOVE IT but after tonight I'm not so sure anymore
4	If you love video  games  then this is a bar to hit up.Get there before 10pm and avoid the cover charge
5	My favorite bar in Vegas! The staff is awesome, atomosphere is always fun and the owners take care of locals. Best place to hang out!!!
3	Great and unique concept.  Questionable delivery.  Is it a lounge trying to be a night club crossover kind of thing?  Is it a bar? Why is there a bouncer at the door then? Am I confused? Is that woman even wearing shoes?I went because some friends had a table (they have bottle service at Insert Coins?) and it sounded interesting.  It was interesting.  I LOVED having old school and new school video games available at my leisure.  At our table, we had two TVs and two consoles.  There were two black binders with all the games they had and all we had to do was ask for one and the waitress would grab it and switch it out whenever we asked.  Service was really relaxed but still attentive.  Our waitress even hung out with us and played Mario Kart when we were one man down.  Then it got late.  Then, to my right, there was a DJ and an awkward dance floor kind of spot and people dancing and I wasn't quite sure what was happening.  Then to my left, there were people chilling at a relaxed bar and other groups of people around the arcade games.  It's probably just me, but I thought it was odd.I'd go back, but only if I was with a larger group of people and probably only if it was for a special occasion.  Oh, and parking is a pain.  But parking downtown is always a pain.
5	This place is awesome. Best time I've had in Las Vegas by far. Nev was a blast. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Can't believe I haven't written a review of Insert Coins yet. Definitely a cool spot to hang out with friends. Fair priced drinks and cool vibe with the arcade games, booths and main bar. PROS - free games at bar, cool old school arcade games, good music, fair drink pricesCONS - charge cover some nights even for locals, not enough seating if bar is fullRecently was there with a friend and he put his brand new beer down on the change machine while getting change to play. An employee reached over him and grabbed his full beer and walked away with it thinking someone had left it there. It was full and cold and he was standing at the machine. Before my buddy knew what happened the guy was gone. I went up to the bartender and told him what happened and he replaced the beer at no charge. Great service by bartender doing the right thing! The other guy should really learn to ask before grabbing a drink while someone is near it.I have never been when it is packed but have seen pictures and stuff online. I probably wouldn't go on those nights as it defeats the whole purpose of going. Seems like getting a game to play would be difficult on those nights as it is more like a nightclub then a bar.
4	Take your inner child and introduce it to your adult form. What do you get? Insert Coins! This is basically an arcade that serves alcohol. OH YEA!  I've come here one time with table service, which is awesome! You get to pop bottles while playing video games on your own XBox 360 and PS3. It was pretty frickin' sweet. On Thursday and Saturday (I know these days for sure), they have live DJs spinning and makin it pretty club- like. When I was here just to hang out, I got to play HELLA video games that I hadn't played in a long time. It was awesome. Also, if you don't have table service but are drinking, you can sit at the bar and play the video games set up on the screens behind the bar!! How awesome is that?! I bring all my guy friends out here and they absolutely love it! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
4	Very cool place...drinks, video games, and not a lot of d-bags and stuck up people.  I'm liking the downtown scene more since I've found this place.Service is good all around. Yes there's a door guy with a stern look on his face...big deal, you would too if you had to deal with a bunch of drunks and bums all night long.  I actually got along with him quite well.  Service at the bar was great...just the right amount of friendliness and efficiency.The time I was there a DJ was playing some music which while isn't my style per se was good to see the floor crowding around in a circle while a couple people were break dancing.  That right there is good enough for me; haven't seen that in a LOOOONGGG time!Didn't have to pay a cover charge (local) and while the drinks are a little more than your local dive bars they are not nearly as bad as the Strip.  People have to understand that in places like this, drinks are their primary revenue since there is no food and no gambling to make up the difference and you know they aren't getting rich one quarter at a time with the video games compared to casinos and video poker bars with bar top gambling. There's actually another location in Minneapolis too if you happen to be in that area.
5	I love this place! Definitely my favorite down town bar. Play video games and drink like crazy! So much fun. The only complaint is the smoke from the hookah place next always finds it way over and can stink up the place.
5	This place has it all.  They have countless flatscreen TVs set up everywhere with every gaming console hooked-up and almost any game you can think of to play. They also have stand-up arcade games as well.  This is an Asian teenagers wet dream! (I'm part Asian so I know) On some of the screens they have old-school 80's music videos playing, which I found myself watching for quite awhile, very nostalgic.  In the back, they have a DJ set up with a decent sized dance floor.  Full bar menu and the waitresses and bartenders are gorgeous.  They are very personable and polite.  This place is great if you're a gamer and even if you're not, it just takes you back.  Not too pricey and it's located right on Fremont.
5	Drinks, Video Games and the Illest DJs playing all the jams.
3	First time in here the other night. Pretty cool set up... There is a dance floor and an arcade area on one side... For bottle service you get your own video game console with unlimited play! It was HOT up in here tho!! More air circulation/air conditioning is a MUST - it was cooler last night too but not inside - I can imagine Summer nights to be brutual if they dont fix the problem!Update: I did get a message from someone at this establishment and they said they were having HVAC issues and it is it fixed now: Good to hear!
4	Hah--it's been almost two years since I wrote my review for this place and, uh, I think it's been that long since I've been back.  Mel C. and I dropped in before we met some peeps for dinner around 7:00pm on a Saturday and the place was fairly empty.  That meant we could actually get on the games we wanted to play except Ms. PacMan, which was taken, of course. I'm sure they could have two or three Ms. PacMan machines and still have those constantly occupied--who doesn't love that game?  I didn't have to wait long to play, though.  Once I got on the machine, I must have re-fed the machine three times to keep going.  I wouldn't have done that if someone was waiting to play, but, lucky for me, no one was so I got to play to my heart's content for a while before I died for good.  This is a cool place to go if you're an 80s kid like me and want to feel some nostalgia for the days of less complicated video games.  There are booths along the walls where patrons can sit and play the more high-tech, modern games on flat screens, but I wouldn't know what to do with those.  Getting here before the rush is still a good idea, too.  Centipede was out of order, though--sorry, Mel.
4	Came here for my birthday celebration last night. The DJ was pretty good playing a ton of songs I love, and none of that top 40's crap. As I did not pay for my drinks I have no idea on the prices. Vibe was cool everyone was very nice. The set up was perfect my husband and all the guys were busy playing games while us ladies headed to the dance floor. They have something for everyone.
5	I found this place by accident with a friend and did not want to go in because I knew he wouldn't want to leave! I'm not a fan of video games, but I'll admit I've never seen anything like it. It's probably the one place that exists where video game nerds can get drinks, look cool, dance, and possibly get laid. I think it should definitely be a spot to check out for a bachelor party. The drinks are pretty strong and definitely reasonably priced! I'm surprised there isn't one in California.
4	I came here with a few friends on First Friday. It was absolutely perfect! I did not book a table, we decided to just have a few drinks at the bar and play some games. We got three well drinks and a beer for $27, which I think is a decent deal. I did think that the cover charge was slightly ridiculous since I paid for games and drinks once inside... But the place didn't seem empty by any means. I will definitely try this again on a less busy night. A drunk girl did grab my boobs and almost pulled my top down when I was existing the bathroom on the dancefloor... Awkward moment, but this isn't the clubs fault.
3	Insert Coins is an okay way to start the night, but not somewhere I'd spend the majority of the night. It's a good casual spot to start the night and usually the first place we'll hit up on the weekend. Come here early enough and there's no cover, which is nice. However, it's not a place I'd willingly pay cover to get into. I love video games as much as the next person, but not enough to have to pay to get in.The vibe is relaxed, despite the music and club look of the venue. Prices are reasonable. However, with the many options on Fremont East, the novelty of Insert Coins can only take it so far.
5	i.love.insert.coins.awesome bar in vegas...we went on a weekday so it wasn't a tourist hotspot...rather it felt like we were chillin with the vegas locals...they have video games that the dudes were lovin...met new people through challenging video game brawn...:)it's a minimum tab of $100 to hold a "table"not as easy to rack up...don't really recall the prices but i know we got the load of rounds...great server ERIN!this is gonna be my spot next time i'm in downtown vegas...
3	Downtown Las Vegas' pub, Insert Coins is widely known to the hipsters and localities of Las Vegas. Insert is a video game bar and night spot for dancing. If you are a fan of games like Pacman, Street Fighter, Galaga and new Xbox and PS2 games can be found in this bar. But what was once a game changer in the pub industry of Las Vegas, Insert Coins has pretty much succumbed to all business establishments and began charging $5 at the door, after 10 p.m., during the weekends - which they never use to do. A while ago, they issued V.I.P. cards to people that frequent the bar but have recently stopped using the cards because of new management - I assume. Drinks are pretty much the same pricing. The DJs are also pretty good and it is always fun to just go to the restrooms and steal the candy from the bathroom attendant when he is not looking.
3	Eh. I wouldn't clear my schedule for the night to come here, but it's a cool pregame/chill spot. In my opinion it's one of those places you need to come with a big group to have a really good time.
4	Such a cool idea!!!After visiting the cool sights of Freemont street, we decided to check out this place that caught our eye the moment we walked by. The name Insert Coins is very eye catching, at least to a gamer like my self. But the Idea of combining a bar with video games and a club is such a cool idea, that they should have this concept in more places, especially in California (where I live lol).This place is a good kickback spot to hang out with your friends, and there are things to interest many different crowds. Gamers of course have a bunch of options to peek their interest (free consoles and coin-op machines). Clubbers can go dance on the floor (not sure if there is always a dj). And everyone can go to the bar and enjoy a drink with whatever activity you choose to do.Sorry for those who are under 21, this is a bar setting so 21+ only. Definitely would recommend this spot as a place to chill, not sure if this is the one stop shop on your adventure to do whatever, but it is for sure a cool joint.
2	The parking in this lot for this place!  $20.00  I will never pay $20.00 for parking.  Go across the street, Neonopolis!  We paid $2.00!  At the $20.00 parking they said they watch your cars!  Really!  So anyway!  Insert Coins!  I loved the music.  But I'm not into video games. I was here for my friends B-day party.   That's all I was interested in.  I guess this place is pretty popular!  But I have no reason to come back!
1	As a local, that's the last time I will step foot in that pretentious facade of a "downtown Vegas bar". I can understand if insert coins were located inside a casino, on the strip. But it's not. And they seem to want it to be. For a bar in downtown Vegas' bar alley, there is no reason for a strict dress code. As long as you have tits, you can wear whatever the hell you want, or the lack of wearing anything at all. But my boyfriend isn't allowed in for his t-shirt?! Aside from being hesitant any time we have been to insert coins because of the price of the drinks, that's no longer a factor, considering the shitty attitude from the two ladies at the door about a tshirt. Great idea for a bar, to add video games while you drink, but this is the fourth or fifth time, the attitude of the employees has ruined the mood and opinion of insert coins for us and our friends!! Stick to the griffin, beauty bar, or the new bar and billiards on the corner.
4	Another glorious find that I don't remember how I ran across. Insert Coins is legit gamer heaven. Every system since NES to PS 3 and Xbox is available to play. There is a full bar with bottle service, of course, by pretty ladies who are ever at the ready to serve you and classic arcade games are far as the eye can see. Our second night in Vegas ended here with a booth reservation and bottle service for my birthday. I had contacted and set up everything with Lisa Mitchell, Director of VIP Services/Events. She was very professional and quick to answer any questions I had about my reservation. For $100 plus tax and gratuity, you get to choose Stoli or Stoli Flavors, Jack Daniels or Captain Morgan with mixers for your drinks. No waiting in line, no cover charge, 2 flat screen TVs, 2 gaming consoles, a cocktail waitress to help you with your drinks and a gaming expert to help you with your games. Sign me up! (NOTE: the total price ended up being around $150-170. I am assuming due to the size of our party of 7 they added an automatic 20-25% gratuity).We arrived an hour late because dinner took longer than expected. We found cheap parking a half a block away. It was slow inside, 9/10 pm on a Thursday night. Now this is where the accolades stop for a bit. We get inside and nothing was set up for our table. We had to wait around with our thumbs up our bums while our gaming expert located and set everything up. I was irritated nothing was ready considering I called at 8 pm, our original reservation time, and spoke with someone over the phone that we would be late approximately one hour. It's not like Insert Coins was losing business by having a gaming booth unused, it wasn't busy! After everyone was served our drinks we kept having issues with our SNES. I appreciated that our personal waitress, Shanalee, was quick to get our gaming expert over to help and kept everyone's drink full. The rest of the evening progressed smoothly and although I wasn't able to try out any of the arcade cabinets, I still had a great time. It became busier as the night wore on with the dance floor gettin' busy. When you weren't gaming it was fun to watch people showing over their dance moves or watching the anime that was playing on screens around the dance floor. Even the restrooms were decked out in Mr and Mrs. Pacman with attendants who carried gum, cigs, perfume and anything else your tipsy heart could want.I would love to see one of these in LA or preferably in San Diego during Comic Con because Las Vegas is just a bit too far of a drive for a gaming night out.
5	With a whopping 279+ reviews, what can I say about Insert Coins that hasn't been said already?  Except the fact that they house one of the games that was featured in BloodSport, the greatest movie of all time!  If you know how Frank Dux and that big cross-eyed dude met, you'll know what I'm talking about.. Nok Su Kow! Nok Su Kow!  Some 90's nostalgia for ya..Oh.. The servers and the service were just as playful as the games.  Just sayin'..
5	Great place to hang out even if you don't play video games. And they have one of the best djs in Las Vegas. Rockstarr Dj D Money!!!!,!!
5	Seriously my favorite place in the whole world!! I don't know why anyone would want to go anywhere else! Literally everyone there is absolutely amazing! The door guys, the cocktail servers, the bartenders, the djs, the camera guy, the bathroom lady! They're all amazing! So so much love for this place and all the people there!
4	Awesome idea for a bar.  The DJ one night was great.  Staff was friendly and attentive for the most part.  Even swapped PS3 IDs with one so we could play later. However, they need to spend the time and money fixing the coin op games.  My friend and I love playing 2D fighters.  Unfortunately, the only ones not messed up seemed to be Street Fighter III and Marvel vs. Capcom II.  Capcom vs. SNK 2 had a stuck button on the 1st player side, Neogeo cabinet had one coin side busted so you can't play 2 player, had to ask for quarters because some games ate them, etc. Also, wish they would keep the high scores on the arcade cabinets instead on unplugging them at night.  I beat Capcom vs. SNK 2 on one credit and would have liked to see my initials on the game the next day.  Would definitely return.  Wish these types of arcades would catch on elsewhere.
5	The developers of Insert Coins brought together the first loves of every person with a history of geekiness: arcades, video game consoles, electronica and video game music, and later, beer and liquor.I arrived here via taxi at the request of a friend who heard about this place from another friend. You know how that goes.The big difference between this and say, a Dave & Buster's, would be that there are no carnival, midway style games, nor is there a robust restaurant or food. The focus is more on older vintage arcades and video games with cocktail service. Think lounge/cocktail service, dance floor, DJ, bar, and old school arcade rolled into one.Once my party arrived and we entered Insert Coins, there was a strong feeling of nostalgia that came over me as I saw arcade games that I haven't seen in decades off to the left-hand side. I was an avid arcade player when I was a little kid, and to see many of them functioning again in a fun setting (and still coin operated!) moved me. These feelings were only exacerbated after have a couple beers as I tried my hand at the Simpsons and Joust.If you decide to sit at the bar, you can request to play a video game in one of the hanging televisions. Most people who sit at an ordinary bar sit there and watch the game on TV. Here, if you sit at the bar, you can play a game on the TV. Since most consoles have wireless controllers now, you can sit at the bar with your drink and play a game. One person in my group played one of the newer Mortal Kombat games for the XBox, and would occasionally ask the bartender to refresh his beer between battles. Great idea and great use of wireless controller technology, I thought. More places should really do this and offer it as an option for those who don't watch sports, but want to sit at the bar.Private table service here differs in that there are televisions at each table, and various video game consoles can be hooked up into the communal television. You can lounge around, have a drink and play a Sega Genesis title that you haven't heard uttered out loud for about 20+ years. Naturally, talking smack is allowed and probably expected, as old rivalries and competitiveness increases over the course of the night.I geeked out and though I wished the DJ had spun more video game-based music, the darker setting and loud electronica was enough to inspire those reliving their childhood (and arguably, current) pastime. As far as I know, no place in southern California or in Las Vegas offers that video game style lounge experience. I definitely plan to make Insert Coins a regular stop whenever I'm back around downtown Las Vegas.
4	Almost a year later and this is still a great place to come to! The DJs are always mixing great beats and there's not so many creepy dudes around!I wouldn't really know how drink prices are cuz I never pay for my own ;) And tho I'm no frequent gamer, I enjoy the TVs to play any game on, the arcade games and mortal kombat 3!I'm ready to go again!
5	Old school games. Haven't been charged yet for getting in, perhaps because I haven't gone on the weekends? Nonetheless, neat looking bar, console games on one side, old school games on the other. Great place to chill downtown.
2	Place is a joke! Good concept but has a mixture of DJ's that are ok.Most of the games that are older and fun don't function right. The games at the bar idea is lame. Service wasn't very good. Security people are awesome.
5	Looking for a fun, chill place to go in DTV? This is it. Fun place. Dance floor. Good drinks. And arcades. Can't ask for more. Good prices and good time.
4	This was my second time visiting Insert Coins and I had a MUCH different experience. The first time there was a band playing and it had a totally different vibe. The second time it was a DJ and he was spinning a mix of old and new, so it was great to get down and dance!I think it's a really cool concept, drink, play video games and listen to good music. Done! They have rows of classic machines you can play (permitting you insert coins, hardy har) or you can shell out the dough for a VIP lounge area where you can play games with an XBox or Playstation. I honestly wish I would have had the mola to plunk myself down and play some Super Mario Cart, but I'll save that cash for the drinks! I like the crowd because it's a total mix of people. It's definitely not the same crowd of glamazonions you're going to see on the Strip. So if you like a more casual atmosphere with some good jams and tons of games to play, this is your spot! Or, if you're like me and you've just come to drop it, you can do so in a proper fashion!
5	Great way to start off the night - we got there around 9 pm on a Saturday night (get there before 10 pm to get in for free). Nice big space with lots of old school arcade games and new gaming units hooked up at the bar and at the table service booths. No DJ or bathroom attendants when we were there. Bartenders are nice and patient. I'm not good at video games at all, I'm a button masher, and I had a blast at the arcade games. Not too pricey - ranging from 25 to 75 cents a play. Plenty of employees walking around with flashlights to make sure everything is okay and clean. Looks like DJ Jazzy Jeff is going to be there in a few weeks - sound like lots of fun. Saw a line out the door around 10:30 pm so it may get more crowded as the night progresses.
5	An arcade bar?  Perfect.  Features every game worth playing from the mid 80s through the late 90s.  On top of that, you will find game themed drinks and, unsurprisingly for a joint that caters to gamers, most drinks offer a hyper-caffeinated version (which is wonderful).  I came here with two of my groomsmen and we wound up playing for four hours.
5	*Cough* Old hip hop/dance music... booze... and old and new video games! I think the nerdy girl inside of me just had a mild heart attack!Thank you to the owners who had this creative idea! We were walking back from wondering around freakmont street, Minh kind of hesitated about going in at first. The bounce was semi friendly and there was no cover charge to go in! Drink prices were decent and they had a rad specialty drink menu (Black opts, Dirty Kirby just to name a few)  Coin machines against every wall, it was dark and dingy with just a blue light on. Towards the back was the lounge area/dance floor and dj booth. On the other side were the x-boxes and more lounge-y type of seating complete with bottle service! The vibe was friendly and everyone was having a good time. The place was not stuffy and the AC was felt every once in awhile. Rose the vinylist was spinning and all her mixes we on point. Towards the end it kind of got ghetto but hey it was well after 2:00am .   This is a place that i could very well be happy hanging out in anytime we are in town!
3	This place would be better if there was one dj who wasn't playing crap music.
2	The concept is simple. You take a bar and an arcade and much like slamming my peanut butter to your chocolate, the end result should be something tasty and delicious and a happy accident. Only, the thing with this place is that it tries to be that Vegas clubbing night life while catering to gamers. Which is probably the furthest you could get to the whole Vegas night club status. Instead of bottle service tables... well, they still have the table service. Only you have two giant television screens with your game going as they push the table service like drinks at you. I guess that's cool and all, but couldn't you just be a baller at home with your console system and a case of beer for much cheaper? The other side of the place is all old arcades. And if they aren't old, they're clearly run the fuck down. Straight up wondering if they got new arcade rom kits and just put them in old cabinets to save on space. The end result is that the place looks like a depressing old arcade with run down machines in one corner and then the latest generation of consoles on the screens over the bar. Now if you're a bar, you need to bring it when it comes to the drink department. Some of those drinks were weak sauce and the attempt to make them named after video game references fell flat when the drink wasn't very thematic after all. You can't just call a vodka drink some Zelda shit if it doesn't have something that ties it to it.I got the kirby drink and was surprised to see it came out in a martini glass and really pink. Now I didn't expect to get a pinky up drink when I read the item description but here I was. Now not only am I in some arcade bar, but I'm pinky up drinking some sex in the city drink. The music selection was also strange. Some straight up R&B. What the fuck am I in? The ghetto? It was pulling in so many different directions in trying to be a club like atmosphere to get folks on the dance floor. Better choice would have been something electronic to tie into the whole fact that this is a barcade. Also the old machines were 50 cents a pop even if the shit looked like it has spent its life abused in a chuck e cheese. I'm not saying give me that straight up baller Dave and Busters experience, yo. I'm just saying class that shit up but also keep it below the other night clubs in Vegas. I don't need no fucking table service. Just give me some properly working games as well as some properly made and advertised drinks that fit a theme.
4	Some nights in Vegas, you just want to chill and be away from the Strip. I'm that type of girl.This place makes me smile and be a kid. PROS:1. Clean & Artsy without feeling uncomfortable.--This isn't your brother's best friend's garage where you play halo--and you're worried why the couch is so dirty. --It's clean, chill, and classy without feeling snobbish, hipster, and outlandish. Any prior gamer, arcade fanatic, or someone who wants to have fun will fit in!  2. Plenty of space. --The layout was designed correctly to play, drink at the beautiful bar, and dance at the dance floor. You won't feel catastrophic. **If you're not a gamer or have any idea how to play arcades, and you're being judgmental, stay at The Strip. The community of people were friendly and nondramatic. They came here to play games and have fun!
3	Love the idea - retro games on one side, brand new systems on the other, bar in the between and music in the back.  Oh, if only drawing boards could make money.One side of the bar/club/arcade has booth-style seating, with two tvs each and presumably the ability to play new games on new systems, all while imbibing with your friends.  That could possibly be cool, although you'd probably need a good number of folks to make it worthwhile.The other side is lined with classic arcade games - you have your Tetris, Pacman, Frogger, incarnations of Street Fighter, the Simpsons!  They have handy coin-change machines to make you quarters.  But sadly, these retro games really do seem like they came from the 80's and 90's.  Controls can be very hit and miss with them, and yes, they didn't really look that good back then either.A nice place for nostalgia, but it feels like a strange place to spend time in when you're with friends, as most of the games are single-player.  Consider it a museum for times past.
4	Old school games made me relive my childhood lol! Played the Simpsons game for like an hour. The bar itself is great. If you like hip hop, this is a great place to go.
4	Insert Coins is Iconic with the locals... love to get bottle service here and play games! Great to take a date too if they've never been to the old vegas. Street fighter? LETS GO!!!!!!!!!!
5	Best. Bar. Ever. Seriously, how is this place not more well known?! It's a gamer's paradise-a-palooza!! Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go drunkenly beat Yoshi in some Mario Kart action.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place! He's a gamer and I'm the dancing girlfriend of a gamer! This place satisfies both of our hobbies! The bar is beautiful and the staff is great!
4	I really enjoyed my time at this bar.  I was so enthralled with the old videos games at first that I was just walking around and dancing with excitement!!!  I wanted to play Gauntlet, but the machine just kept eating my quarters. Booo.  But I did get to play Street Fighter II, Tetris, Dig Dug and Centipede.  Woohoo!!!!  In addition to the old machines they also have booths that you can sit at to play the new console games.  They also have some set up at the bar which is situated right in the middle, so you can drink and challenge your friends.  There is also a dance floor in the left back corner.  The dj that night was playing some pretty nice mixes!!! The bartenders are really nice and attentive.  The drink prices are very reasonable also - I would definitely come back to this bar next time I'm in town!!!!
1	I went here last year and it was fantastic. It became the place I told out-of-towners about, the awesome barcade. I had some friends in town last night and I hyped up this place and excitedly brought them here. We walked in on a Friday night to see it mostly empty and almost all of the arcades turned off. The first thought I had was, aw bummer looks like they're going out of business. Figured I'd rent one of the 10 empty booths with the console games to make up for the disappointment for my friends. I thought it would be like 100 bucks. They wanted 300. I almost did it anyway to help remove the foot from my mouth for recommending Insert Coin(s) so much, but thankfully my friends overheard and just laughed at it. We left and went to the packed Goldspike where we played games for free and spent a lot of money on drinks (maybe a better business model).I don't know. I feel like it still has a ton of potential, especially with the surge of the Vegas tech scene that is happening all around this location. Tech people love games and drinking. Also whoever started this place obviously had a solid vision. I guess it must not have taken off but I believe it could with a few tweaks. Make it a little more welcoming and geek friendly, host more tech meet ups and maybe do something crazy like have a 2 drink minimum to play the console games instead of 300 bucks. People will stay and drink more for sure. I know I'd be there all the time if that happened.
4	For a downtown bar, I really enjoyed the ambiance. A must-visit place for someone who appreciates arcade games. I'm not sure if it was just the night I was there but it seemed like a lot of the games were broken or not working. Like the other Yelpers stated, theres a $5 cover after 10pm, boy or girl. The bartenders are super friendly and the prices for drinks are reasonable but slightly above other downtown bar prices. I heard that bottles can cost as little as $100 so it could be a nice place to host a special occasion if the time is right!
5	High five, best Dj line up, Best beer selection.
3	Interesting concept, a lot of fun, great beers, needs some improvements, but really awesome people.You walk in to an industrial-y type building that just houses scores and scores (see what I did there?) of old video games. My mind was personally blown when I saw my teenage obsession: Galaga. I can't tell you how many times I played that game at the mall where I worked and spent my teen years. My mom's quarters: raided. So, when I saw that game I instantly headed over. You actually get to use quarters here, you don't have to trade them in for tokens. Unfortunately, you lose a few. I guess the games are old or something, but I lost more than one playing. It's not that it was a big loss, but can you imagine the extra revenue from everyone going 'oh, it's just one quarter.' So, I asked for mine back. Problem was, most games stole them. It happened so much I became one of those people saying 'whatever.' Not good, but...whatever. They have a wonderful bar here with great beer and all sorts of mixed drinks. I blame that on my inability to shatter records on Galaga, PacMan, and especially, Golden Tee. WTH? At least the games come with a drink holder. Convenient!Loved being here, the people were super friendly, bathrooms were clean, music was great. I'll definitely be back as soon as I can find where my mom hid all her quarters.
2	Over-hyped and Underwhelming!For a downtown bar with so much upside they have really not done a good job.  Employees are rude, Drinks are expensive, 1/2 the games don't work, and the want to sell Table service like a night club on the strip.  Sorry I can't recommend them with so many better options in walking distance downtown....
2	We loved this place at one time. It was so different and it felt like the "revival" of downtown. Then we went last weekend and they were charging a cover charge. A cover charge! This was the first place we told out-of-towners to go. So unique. Great drinks. Not anymore. It's sad that instead of embracing the awesome revival of that area (with some amazing new bars) they have taken advantage of its customers. Shame on you.
4	Fun concept for a bar! It's a 12 year old boy's dream come true, especially if he grew up in the '80s. Tons of old school video games line the walls and the crowd is a refreshing change from the middle America tourists you see haunting the strip. Also, the DJ was killin' it on the night we stopped in and the bartender won me over with a strongggg gin & tonic.I'm not much for video games but I happily people-watched and drank while my friends went through fistfuls of quarters on the machines. I'm a fan.
5	We had THE BEST time here! All the video games from our childhood, 90's hip hop - like seriously, what could be better?!?!? The husband and I felt like we died & went to heaven, lol. We totally were not in the mood to go out to a club, and my sister & her boyfriend took us here instead. Next time we come to Vegas, we plan to stay downtown, just to be closer. This is the best idea ever!!!
3	$5 for locals and $10 for non locals.  Bar with games that are old and new.  It was fun playing the older games but not a place I could drink and play all night.   Still had fun!
4	We were walking around downtown LV after dinner. I'm the type that drinks beer and wine on the same night. I was pre-gaming before dinner, had beer at dinner then Riesling from Insert Coins. I haven't used a joystick/controller in forever since the Wii came out. Therefore, my hand-eye coordination was impaired.Kacey and I played Marvel vs Capcom on Xbox at the bar. The sausage brothers played Gran Turismo. I've never played M vs C before and I've never owned an Xbox since I'm a Tekken/ Street Fighter PlayStation type of gal. I don't know any combos for that game so I used my ninja skills and won all games, yay! I'm very competitive and a big sore loser so it's a good thing I won, otherwise, I would've walked out. After finishing our drinks, some of us played The Simpsons, I played Galaga (classic!!!) and Tekken Tag (I love Hwoarang because he's my video game crush...and Eddie Gordo/Tiger because of their cool moves - they're weak compared to Jin, Law, Xiaoyu, Julia, Nina and Heihachi). Since I was getting too relaxed, I picked Hwoarang and friggin PANDA!!! I lost after 3 rounds...what a waste of 50 cents!My wrists and fingers were hurting but I had fun. Too bad I didn't get the chance to tiger uppercut, hadduken, sonic boom, facebite and helicopter kick anyone. Bring lots of quarters. They have nice couches where you can also play video games.  They have an area for a big group. Now, I want to play video games at home again...baaad...
3	Used to love this place when I first moved here. Now they focus to much on the dance floor and after 10 pm its virtually impossible to hear the person right next to you without yelling. The drinks are fairly over priced and a friend of mine got yelled at for wearing a tank top. It was a he. Double standards for the win.
3	This place is pretty cool. I stumbled upon it when i walked further down the fremont experience. It had a mortal kombat i think ad marvel vs capcom. I played it to the end with my beer. It was fun. I guess they do like a arcade club bar type deal. Like a old school dave and busters. I enjoyed it. But it is not for everybody.
3	We checked this place out last night and I have to say it was quite fun. A slew of cabinet arcade games and somewhere around 25 big screen displays playing x-box/ps3/wii. Alcohol prices were a little high, but gaming is free so it makes sense that this place strives on drinks alone with a lot of over head. One slight problem was that even though they offer the newest titles, I am an old school game player. We have decided to put together a business plan and open our own version in LA, but with NES/SuperNES/N64/2600 available along with some special surprises...
2	A great idea, but poorly executed. Drinks are way overpriced and the games are all 50 cents to play. That's double what they were when the technology was new. I have a friend that runs an arcade, The Atomic Arcade in Salt Lake City, and there is no reason to charge that. Especially when I didn't play a single game here that didn't have broken buttons and/or joysticks. If you're going to overcharge for everything, you better make dang sure your equipment works. I might come back here someday in the future, but I'll give them some time to get their games repaired. On the plus side, the bartenders were friendly. But unfortunately the waitresses mostly just stood around talking to each other instead of helping customers. Every customer should get the same attention regardless if they dropped $150 for a booth or not. They have one Ultracade machine, but it sits in the VIP section, so you just get to look at all the vintage games you could be playing if money were no object. The controls probably work on that, too. The music was good but the DJs appear to have serious ADD. A word of advice, if you start a song and people flood the dance floor, you should let it play for more than 20 seconds. DJing is about playing for the crowd, not to the crowd. The place obviously makes money. So now take some of that money and reinvest it into the gear you claim to love. I love the idea of this place, but it feels like it's run by people that aren't gamers. Gamers respect their equipment.
4	I'm not personally a fan of what Insert Coins has to offer.  I spent all my time growing up outside playing sports...never logged enough hours to come close to finishing a video game...barley completed any levels...in fact, my gaming skills are on par with MJ's babysitting skills.  I'm also not a huge dancer.  Yet still, I have to throw out 4 stars because every time I take friends here from out of town they love it!  So, even if it's not my scene specifically, I am thankful for it's existence.Insert Coins is perfect for fans of old-school video games and less serious dance clubs.  Come here early (before 9pm) if you want to have free-range of the video games, and stop by around 11pm or midnight if you want more of a crowd and club feel.  The first group I brought here was a group of gaming nerds...pretty sure it was the highlight of their Vegas trip.  But even those moderately interested in video games love the nostalgic feel of playing old games from their youth.Don't come here if you're not into dancing or gaming.  The bar is fine, but certainly nothing to seek out on its own.
3	Decided to hit up Insert Coins as the second part of a friends birthday party. No one in our group had ever been surprisingly. It was Saturday night and there was a $5 cover for local guys, girls all got in for free.Overall, it's a cool place, but I can't say that I'd rush back to hang out there again. The music was great. There's a little dance floor where people who are good at dancing can practice their moves for that video game Dance Dance Revolution (game not available at IC). They have all sorts of new and old video games. The console systems could only be played if you purchased a bottle at one of the tables. There was no chance of that happening with our group, so we brushed up on Street Fighter, Cruisin' USA, Mortal Kombat II, and various other oldie but goody games. All the games I played were functional despite being old. Nothing worse than seeing your favorite game from 1993 and the joystick or buttons not working. The attendants do a great job of keeping the games in working condition and the coin station replenished. Drinks were reasonable enough. For me, this would be a place I would love to go hang out with a group of dudes that like playing video games. It's not really a scene I would look to go and hang out, make conversation, and party the night away. Speaking of making conversation, definitely don't head to this joint if you're looking to have any sort of meaningful discussion. The music, while great, is super loud preventing you from being able to hear what others say (which is sometimes a good thing :). Definitely a cool idea and I think it fits perfectly in the Downtown area, but it will probably be a while until I go back again.
5	My favorite bar EVER! Super fun, chill, and very unique! Mark, he's the host that works at front is amazing! Super sweet and nice =] I love the dance battles!! Haha everyone there isn't stuck up like on the strip. Haha.
3	It was okay here, but it didn't grab me like I'd hoped and there is no pinball, so sort of a bummer there.  I didn't like that they charge a cover.  The first time we stopped by, it was late and it was $10 for the husband and $5 for me and we really just wanted to see what it was like, so we passed and then came back not long after they opened the next day before the cover started.  I hate covers.  Especially when I am then going to buy drinks AND insert coins.  Bleh.Well, I didn't end up buying a drink, after all, so can't comment on the drinks or the prices.  We did play a few video games at 50 cents per play.  They had a lot of old school games and then along one wall you can play like X Box or Nintendo games... not sure how that works.  I guess you must pay for a controller or something.  But after a few games of Burger Time and Centipede and Frogger, I remembered I could play most of those at home for free, so we bailed.I think this might be fun with a big group of people who just wanna have some fun, but I wasn't super impressed.  I like the idea... just not sold on the execution here.
5	Insert Coins is located in the older part of Vegas, and as I discovered is quite the gem. It's essentially a bar, with a DJ spinning near a dance floor, and all the old arcade games you (may have) heard about like Tron, Star Wars, House of the Dead, Pac Man and Michael Jackson's Moonwalk. Regardless of your affinity, or lack of, for video games you will be entertained here. What I found was that, while this place is new, it is very clean and open to welcome large groups. What's not welcoming was the $5 cover charge and a club-like line that gave this place some kind of exclusive feel. I say if you're going to let the grown up nerds in to waste away their change, they're going to buy drinks anyway so forget the cover at all hours. Either way, you'll fun in this part of old downtown Vegas compared to the blinding lights of the strip.
4	Odd hours, yet, pretty sweet place to squeeze in a game or two of Street Fighter while running around Fremont.
3	The bar inside is really nice and the arcade is pretty cool too. Why I only gave 3 stars? The bouncers in front of the Arcade are rude and not very friendly. I was there with three other guests and we wanted to go in, however, I was turned down by the bouncer. He said that my ID was not valid. Recently I changed my address and added an M (for motorcycle) to my license, thus making my old one invalid FOR DRIVING. It says void on it, however, it still a legal document and can be used for identifying someone (it even says so on the paper that they give you).However, this bouncer told me that he can not let me in because it says VOID on the license. First of all, the only reason it would say VOID on an official drivers license is if something happened so that you can not DRIVE anymore. The important parts to establish age and identity to a club would never VOID a license ...Ah well, maybe I am ranting now, but the place deserves better bouncers than this guy.
4	What if you could combine your living room with a live music bar while adding a fully stocked old school video game arcade. Well the people at insert coins have done just that. As you walk in one of the first things you see is a wall of large flat screen TVs hooked up to a myriad of video game consoles. One word, BOSS!!! Trade your ID from a gave controller and your off to console gaming, cocktail swilling nirvana.Oh, did I mention the fully stocked arsenal of arcade games as well? Everything from the common Donkey Kong Jr to the increasingly rare Tron.The service was so so but what can you expect the bartenders here have to wear multiple hats from inventory control (game controllers) to walking instruction manual all while attempting to mix drinks.In summation, this place is awesome. Where else in Las Vegas are you going to have 3 hours of fun for 12.00 (I don't drink so two diet cokes at 3.00 each made up for half of my total).
4	Only been in here once and had a blast. Ended up going for a friends birthday. He had a table and some games set up which I though was so awesome. Our groups kind of thing. We played games most of the night then they had a dj and we started dancing and just watching some people breakdancing. Only fail was when some guy almost started peeing under a table, he was super drunk.
3	If I hadn't gone with someone who knows the owners, I probably wouldn't have had as good of time. I love the idea of a barcade, but when drinks are $10 and each arcade game is $.50 - $1.00, it burns your wallet fast. The crowd is pretty trashy and the DJ wasn't the best the night I went (too much EDM for my liking). I am in Vegas about 15 times a year for extended periods of time because my parents live there. I love the direction East Fremont is going, but the prices are turning into Strip prices. Locals need better lounge/club alternatives and this is not the answer.
5	So so so so so much fun! Where else can you play old school arcade games while drinking a cheap (relatively for LV) vodka soda and dancing to the best jams?Literally, this place has something for everyone. I only saw my hubby when he came back for more cash for the change machine and my bro-in-law posted at the bar where you can play newer games for free (they just hold your ID), while my sis and I bumped it on the dance floor.  Bonus, The Griffin is right across the street to chill either before or after if I am feeling homesick for hipster-ville LA.
4	Pretty cool spot! They have all the old video games like Donkey Kong and Frogger. I had a lot of fun. Its dark and the music they play is HAWT!!
5	Pros: Video games, alcohol, dancingCons: Cover chargeAs a self-proclaimed nerd, what's not to like about Insert Coins? You have video games, a full bar, and good music haha. Came here on the First Friday of the month and there was a $10 cover charge which isn't that bad but I still dislike paying cover charge for anything haha. The place was crowded but not overly packed and it was really easy to get a drink at the bar. Best part about this place for me though is the video games. They have both old school games like Street Fighter where you need your quarters to play but they also have newer console games that are free to play if you leave your ID as collateral. You can even get bottle service here where you get set up with a couch and your own video game system to use for the night. Extra bonus is that they play some good hip hop music and dancing here.
5	Cheap drinks (2 drinks for $14 in Vegas??!!) , 90's music, and old school video games. What more can you ask for?! Loved it!
4	The Vibe: Old arcade games, Trendy games offered at the bar, video game consoles offered at private party booths!!  This is for the nerdy, and the hipster alike!  It's loud, and it's casual.  There's also DJs on some nights, so feelin' stuck only playing games....just dance!  Otherwise, expect to just use this place to drink and play games, not to discuss the psychological effects of violence.  You'll just keep getting, "WHAT?"  "HUH?"The Attire: Hipster, Casual, and you could come with some classy fashion too, but you'd be one of the few.  It's also very warm inside, which makes sense since there's a ton of electricity being used with all the TVs and arcades, and the number of people too!Consider: This place can afford to place a price for their demand.  Cover charge is as low as $5 if there's something going on during the weekend.  Also, bring your cash to redeem for quarters!!
5	such an amazing fun blend of many things I enjoy. Spiffy arcade... beautiful console set up. Nice blend of old school and new video games. Really cool dance floor and a bar for those who like to drink. Just a wonderful place. I hope to visit again next time I'm out in vegas
5	Came in on a Thursday from out of town and loved it! Great tunes, great games and alright drinks. The drinks were pretty pricey but I guess it's a club so it's to be expected. We will most definitely be back!
1	The concept for a great place is there but if the owners had any pride in their business they'd fix their games. 12 games of their ...maybe 40 are broke. That's just tacky. Throw some pinballs in...they rarely break and it'll spice the place up a bit. Even the games running have glitches. I get it, the games are from 3 decades ago but there are local people that fix games. No excuses.
3	This place used to be a favorite of mine, but not so much anymore. It's a great concept and I love the video games, but this is just an average barThe bar is located in prime location downtown and it looks great outside. There's usually a decent amount of people in line on the weekends but it doesn't take you forever to get inside. When inside the bar is pretty spacious, there's booths with private TVs, there's the bar with all it's games and they even have old school arcade gamesThe drinks are ok, nothing that stands out by Vegas standards. The service is hit or miss depending on when you go. It's a place that's good to go and would be great to show out of towners
4	Capriotti's 21st birthday! Had a lot of fun about 300 people and the bartender remembered what I order drink came fast to!
2	This was actually a big disappointment.  Since the last time there a couple years ago, they've gotten rid of 40% of the video games.  Also, how they justify charging a $10 cover for coin games and crappy loud hip hop music is beyond me.Of the games that were there, multiple were out of order. I was with 5 gaming nerds and all were very unimpressed.Why have a bathroom attendant in a wanna be arcade dive bar?Non-existent ventilation system so if even you dont smoke, you feel like you've smoked a carton of cigarettes by the time you leave.  If you have any problems with cigarette smoke, don't go.Also, for some reason they were selling hats and accessories for some clothing company in the back, why? They get 2 stars for having relatively affordable drinks.You charge a higher cover for non-locals?!  WHY?  Do non-LV people smell different, do they not buy as much (tourists spend more than locals usually), are you that into yourself that you ONLY want people from Las Vegas to play your half-working games?   I think everyone is aware that Las Vegas is a tourist town...way to try to cash in and lose repeat business.  On that women were free, men were $10, military ID was $5.Hey, my bartender was pretty nice, so there ya go.  Visit this place for the nice guy opening your beer.  I'd rather spend money tipping a bartender than lining the owner's pockets with a cover charge.It used to be good, but something has happened.  Won't recommend this place.
2	So this place was a BUST! I guess after the Pinball Hall of Fame, my expectations were too high, and if you have ever been to the Pinball Hall of fame, although awesome, that's not saying a whole lot! The games were nothing special and the whole place seemed like a huge waste of space. They have it set up to look sort of like a club and a bad one at that! Half of the place taken up with giant booths for bottle service, except no one was getting bottle service and then there is an empty dance floor. Making it even worse, it was a Saturday and they weren't even trying to rev up the place! Of course it would't have really mattered what they did, because the people that came there to play video games, were there to do just that! They weren't there to get down on the dance floor or to get bottle service! Stick to the Pinball Hall of Fame! At least all that money goes to charity
3	Good concept! I came in and order two drinks with $100 bill, they took 10 min to go find change. Good games, little pricey drinks. Love the concept
5	I gauge my ratings based on if I'd come back to an establishment or not. 1 star = HELL NO. 2 stars = No, thanks. 3 stars = maybe?. 4 stars = YEP. 5 stars = HELL YEAH!  Insert coin(s) has a great dive bar flare that doubles as a classic arcade.  Hell, I even met professional fighting game players here! 5 stars, I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.1. The arcade games were reasonably priced and fully functioning.  Great MvC2 and SF3 cabinets.  Also, the drink-to-play console games were entertaining.  Money matches for UMvC3, who's in?2. Drinks were reasonably priced for a dive bar.  Good strength on mixed drinks.3. Music choice was pretty good.  Good mixture of top 40, rap, house, etc.If you're a nerd like me and all of this means anything to you, you've come to the right place.  5 stars.
5	This is by far one of the best bars I have ever visited. It satisfies the inner geek, as well as the outer dancer. Live DJ with great tunes, a nice selection of alcohol at the bar. Also semi-private booths with bottle service available too! Don't fret about how geeky it is, there are ore than plenty of amazing girls there too! Stayed in Las Vegas for 4 days, and we went every night.
4	I went a couple weeks back and I loved it.they don't have stuff like this in L.A.. Can't wait to take my friends. The only thing I didn't like was a smell idk if it was just that day but it was weird and I only say it because I'm sensitive to smell.Other then that it was fun glad my roommate took me the little time I was there I had fun. My roommate and I didn't pay to go in but idk if they charged for men.  But I think its worth it :)
4	I have been coming here for 4 years. This place is a blast. If your a 90s kid and remember those quarter video games, meet your paradise. And you can okay Xbox at the bar. There's a live DJ (amateur ones) but it's overall fun, and drinks are cheap. If your downtown stop by in here, at least for the experience.
2	Not sure why this place charges cover when it's basically half empty, even on the weekends, but they do. Maybe that's why no one wants to go in! Insert Coins basically is a chill bar where you can play old skool arcade games, Xbox or PS3 while drinking. I used to like coming here but now I've realizing they're charging cover I'm not sure it's really worth it anymore, especially since I'm not really a gamer. I do like that you can play Xbox/PS3 games at the bar for free as long as you're buying drinks, however I get bored quickly even when they have a DJ on the weekends and I've never found myself here for more than an hour and half.The bartenders here are pretty good and you can usually get a drink order in pretty quick. Drinks here aren't exactly cheap for a divey venue and I'm sure it's because you get to play games for free while at the bar so they charge a premium. There are many other spots on Fremont that are much cheaper if you plan to do a decent amount of drinking. There's a small dance floor in front of the DJ booth, but no one is ever dancing here.  There are also some VIP booths to the right of the bar but I've never seen anyone sitting in that area either. It looks like you get your own private TVs and games if you book one.I would recommend this spot if you like video games, otherwise I would only come here when they're not charging $5 cover...save the money for an extra drink and go somewhere else
5	I'm totally biased because I met my boyfriend here, so it's officially one of my favorite places. The DJ plays hip hop and R&B, old school and new. They recently took out some of the tables and the bulky booths to make the dance floor bigger (kudos...it gets super hot). The drink prices ate good and the bar staff is always down to go a shot with patrons. On our last visit, we met Michael (manager, owner?) Awesome guy running an awesome downtown spot. Oh... Did I mention they have a kitchen in the back cooking up munchies perfect for soaking up the liquor? Thanks for the pizza Michael... See u next time!
1	Went on a Friday night.  $10 cover and 50 cent games.  Neither of which I would've minded, if the games worked.Selection was kinda lame anyway, but the games I did want to play (Tron, for example), were completely broken & turned off, & the "on" ones I played (Donkey Kong, for example) had joysticks that were so old that you'd keep getting killed because it was just non-responsive.I didn't care about the club aspect, just wanted a Barcade/Yestercade type of fun night.  This was not it.
1	This place was HORRIBLE. They were rude. Horrible service. Drink prices were outrageous ( and i drink in los angeles) it was dead  no one was there on a saturfay night even. most the games were broke. Great concept. But what a miss all around. My visit was end of may by the way.
4	This is a great concept but seems to fall a little short in the fact that half the games I ever want to play are broken. But there are so many positives still to share.They have prime real estate when it comes to the East Fremont District being smack dab in the heart of it all. Step up to the bar and take a look at the TVs up above, see a game on there you like? Give the bartender your ID and get a wireless controller in return. Totally cool!Get table and bottle and get your very own console to hook up to the big tv at your table. I've seen PS4, XBox 360 and original NES, SMB3 of course lol. I also saw a table w/ a Genesis once playing none other than the one and only Sonic. That would definitely make for a great evening out w/ friends.They have put on numerous concerts in the back area also. We recently saw Pharcyde & Slum Village which, minus the technical diff w/ the audio, was a great time!
5	It was very cool to find a little club with retro video game and anime decor. It was a mixed crowd from 21 to 50. Everyone was having a great time on Thursday night! It's very exciting to stumble across a place with such a great theme. I really look forward to coming here again. They even had a bathroom attendant, so you'll feell classy like Ferris Bueller! Downtown Vegas is where it's at.
4	This bar on Fremont street is pretty cool. There are 80s arcade games lining half of the walls and private booths lining the other half. You need to buy a bottle for the private booth and they can bring you any console and game you want. There is a massive bar in the middle of the room and they have a great selection of booze. This place is a lot of fun and I will for sure come back if given the opportunity.
3	Stopped by here during my bachelor party and I really wanted to like this place, being a gamer, but the combination of broken machines with faulty controls and the sheer loudness of the music make for a pretty annoying combination. The dance floor was half empty so, wtf? Maybe we're just getting old. Anyway, to save money for the more "adult" entertainment later that evening, we decided to opt out of the VIP area which left us with a pretty limited row of machines left to play. The service was fine on this visit but we just weren't into the scene as much as we'd hoped. Left after about an hour or so. We honestly had more fun at the Pinball Hall of Fame. Or even at GameWorks in the past. If you want to enjoy yourself here, you may have to expect to pay more for the VIP area and order a bunch of overpriced drinks for the novelty of it all. Lower your expectations and you may have fun here. :)
4	A new edition to the bustling Fremont East district...hell..video games and booze. Can't go wrong here...During my last visit I stopped in a couple times, since it was around the corner from my hotel. Awesome spot to drink beer and play tacky '80's video games. A few of the consoles were broken, but they also had newer games that you could play on the huge LCD TV's by the bar. VIP tables lined the perimeter of the club, and the DJ was popping! A small dance floor was near the DJ booth but I didn't see many people dancing both nights I stopped in. Can't go wrong with booze and cocktails...strong cocktails at that. I enjoyed it here.
4	Video games (old school arcade, xbox booths with double screens) and a bar, and dance floor with live DJ? Hello?! Fun place to hang out!
4	Good music. Good old school games... I've enjoyed hanging out at Insert Coins since it opened in Downtown LV a few years back whenever my friends and I are in town. It's chill and the drinks arent too expensive. It's a good place to spend a few hours... It's always good to listen to some golden era hip hop while playing some Street Fighter II. My only gripe is that some of the buttons would be out of order on the machines. This was the case when I first played Street Fighter II there. I thought there should definitely have been an 'out of order' sign on it. There probably wasnt cause they know people want to play that game. But having only 4 out of the 6 buttons operational, left me for slim pickens opposite anyone that played me. The last time I was there we ran into some fellow friends also visiting from Los Angeles and they had bottle service that night. I forget the exact amount for their 2 bottles but it was extremely low compared to any club on the strip or any of the "higher end" clubs in DTLV... So that was good to know. Also bottle service tables there have gaming consoles so you guys can play games at the table. Pretty cool... And what was also pretty cool the night we went was that there was an impromptu dance circle that had members of the Jabbawockeez and Super Crew putting on a show for us amateurs. Only in Vegas right??
4	Ok so being the big kid that I am, this place immediately got my attention! Arcade games and libations? Yes please! And not just your run of the mill games, these are the arcade games you grew up with and loved. Mortal Kombat, Pacman, Donkey Kong, Street Fighter, Galaga, etc. They also offer newer games on Xbox & PS which I'm not too familiar with but the guys seem to love it! Some of the arcade games don't work, it'll eat up your coins fast that's the only downside. And it seems petty to complain about a few quarters. Honestly, ain't nobody got time for that. So just be prepared. This place is smaller than I thought but still managed to be spacious at the same time if that makes any sense. The vibe is low key but later on in the evening be prepared to hit the dance floor. The DJ that spins here definitely knows how to get everyone on their feet. Old-Skool jams & Hip Hop are always the way to go. Carrying on a conversation tends to be difficult because the music is so loud but that didn't bother me. It's the perfect opportunity to hit up the photo booth! The perfect memento to a perfect evening.
4	Insert Coin's has old school arcade games lining one wall, a center bar area, and a small dance floor in the back with a DJ. We were there on a Thursday and it wasn't very crowded, and there was never really anybody on the dance floor.They also have tables lining a couple walls. You can reserve them in advance, which I did. The guy in charge of booking tables emailed me and we discussed cost. We were given the option of either $150 for a bottle, or a $25 minimum per person bar tab. We went with the bar tab. He also asked which consoles my friends and I wanted, and our options were Wii, N64, Super Nintendo, Xbox 360, Xbox1, and PS3. Each table comes with 2 TVs, so you can get 2 consoles, and my friends and I went with a Wii and an Xbox 360. They are set up for you when you show up, and you can choose your games (they have almost anything you can think of) and go crazy.There was a server assigned to us for our drink orders, as well as a guy named Alex who was in charge of anything involving the consoles. One slight gripe is that a some of the buttons on a few of the controllers would get stuck. Some drunk idiot probably spilled his drink on them or something. It wasn't a huge deal, and Alex switched the out for us, no problem. One of the games was also not working, so he kept having to try and get it work, and then ended up getting a different copy of the game. Again, not too big of a deal, since we had the other console and our drinks to occupy us.Overall, fun place to hang out. Not your typical Vegas scene at all, and the vibe is very casual, so you don't have to get dressed up. If you're into arcade games, or video games, definitely worth checking out.
5	After a failed attempt to come here during my cousin's bachelor party, destiny had brought me back here! My cousin and I went to go pay a visit to a friend hosting an event at the Vanguard Lounge. Right next door to the Vangard, low and behold it was Insert Coins! Video game nerd nostalgia alert!My cousin, friend, and I decided to pay a visit to Insert Coins. Once we stepped foot in the building, I had to take in the view of the nicely decorated interior with an island bar, surrounded by arcade machines. Off to the one side of the bar was a lounge area with more video games! After browsing around the building, I went a grabbed a chair at the bar. At the bar besides alcohol were numerous Xboxes with flat screen TVs hanging overhead. I picked the Xbox that had the game Marvel vs. Capcom 3, which was one of my favorite video game mash ups.While being entertained by one of my favorite games, I was accompanied by another gentlemen by the name of Jameson. He also brought a friend with him named coke! Those two together are great company. Alcohol enthusiast will get this. After playing a couple rounds of Marvel vs. Capcom 3, I decide to walk around the room to find another arcade treasure to play. I ran into old friends such as Double Dragon II, Terminator, and Street Fighter II just to name a few. After spending some time here, I felt accomplished. A failed mission is now a victory! For any video game nerds, like myself, this is the place to be! But, if you're under 21, sorry you got to wait till then.
3	Cool bar with games and booze. This is the place you go after dancing to chill out. They have a dance floor, but there was only one person dancing. Everyone was mostly congregated to the bar area or arcades. I think they should get more arcade or even pin ball machines and get rid of the one VIP booth lining the arcade wall. Got the Dirty Kirby which was $12 and more than what I usually pay for drinks. But it was really good, came in a large glass, and was strong enough that I had my sister help me finish it. I was drinking before hand (I'm a lightweight. Lol). Would probably come back on my next Vegas trip.
1	This is a gross place for gross people.  It's a cynical cash-in on the current wave of gamer nostalgia.  Imagine the worst kind of Ed Hardy, velvet rope, bottle service vibe then add a broken Donkey Kong machine and you've got this place.I played a machine here a year ago and it was broken in the exact same way as when I played it Saturday.  I remember I told one of the folks working there that the stick was messed up.  They could not have cared less.There's better Barcades in other cities.  I hope some day Vegas gets one that doesn't feel like it's run by the Kardashians.
4	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas...period. Forget about gambling, come and waste your hard earned money on some classic video games!
2	While I enjoyed this end of Fremont versus the touristy area, Insert Coins was a "bleh" experience for me. Personally, I think the arcade game idea was cool...but it wasn't integrated into the rest of the bar atmosphere or decor at all. The games were just...there. Line up against the wall and a standard square bar for drinks in the middle. Seemed as though someone bought a bar that shut down and threw some arcade games in to capitalize on the novelty and nostalgia.Didn't totally work for me, plus I thought the drinks were pretty pricey compared to others in that walking area.What did me in was when I asked for a water...$3. I asked for tap water and they said "no, we can only sell you bottled water." Not only is that environmentally unfriendly, but it is a load of crap and a scheme on customers to take more of their money. Yes, you are in business to make a profit...but find another way than customers trying to stay hydrated while having a good time OR by providing a drink for their DD.
4	Amazing! http://clashofclanshelper.com/ - I got free Clash of Clans gems here! Get yous too in less than two minutes!! Couldnt believe at first but it really works!(zyOtCwQgBf)
4	Arcade games are just a good idea. Always. I don't care if you just got done with your drinking, your just getting started, or youre not drinking... youre just here to play arcade games. This is a place where you can come and enjoy your inner child. Your inner child that likes to drink and get down to some funky music on a tiny dance floor with a weird DJ. Insert coins is just another reason why east Fremont street is just about my favorite part of Vegas. The place is fun, the bar isn't full of video poker, and the crowd isn't made up of the latest Southwest flight from St Louis full of drunken bachelors. Load up your pockets full of quarters folks, you just may get lucky here (that is... lucky enough to beat your new strange friend at street fighter... trick: just hit the red button fast and a lot.)
2	Great Concept. Poor execution. There were several games, popular games, that were out of order. I would love to have played pac man, but I couldn't. The music was slightly depressing. I was hoping for something more up tempo. Nothing is more inviting than an empty dance floor. I didn't bother ordering a drink. I preferred to just walk fremont street, in stilettos, instead of spend any more time here. It was a very disappointing experience. I will not be going back.
2	Eh, if I was here for about 15 minutes I might be able to say I enjoyed myself, unfortunately I was here way too long and this place brought me down. I think everyone can agree video games and drinking are fun but you've got to have the right games to really make it a treat.Insert Coins game selection isn't very good, I guess finding classic games from the 80's and 90's is becoming harder and harder with so many Barcades popping up all over the place, I'd advise Insert Coins to try to find a dealer to up their stock. They just don't have enough quality games to peak my interest, after playing two I was utterly bored.They also have a dance floor and DJ but her mix was all over the place and didn't appear to entice anyone to the floor. An empty floor does not make for a fun party.Staff was decent, nothing special about them but they were attentive enough. All in all this place really let me down, as much as I enjoy games and drinks, they have to be good games and drinks to make me happy.PS, they also have a bathroom attendant, why oh why does a divey place like this need a bathroom attendant?
1	Well I use to love this place. Came on a Friday nobody at bar tonight. My boyfriends bday and to boot we met on PSN playing soul calibur nobody at bar ready to buy drinks and hang all night.. Stupid bartender was unwilling to change a game out for us so we left. Not coming back again I doubt. Lost our service tonight :/ going to PSG from now on. Jason was cool but chick at the bar said he wasn't there. He was only one willing to make things happen for us. Sad at you insert coin!!
4	Seriously so much fun!  I had a blast.  Quick and Friendly service.... It's super dark inside which I love and im obsessed with the glowing bright bar top!  I felt like THE WIZARD!
3	Street fighter, mortal combat, Simpsons and alcohol! Wait and a DJ with a dance floor seems like a party right!?Insert coins has always been my go to spot since moving to Vegas, still is but it's been down graded so much it's taken away a lot of the fun but will still be my go to bar based on I love playing Simpsons drunk!End note you might wanna pregame at another bar prior the drinks are damn near strip prices. Way over priced. $6 for beer $12 for mixed drinks.
1	Well I use to love this place. Came on a Friday nobody at bar tonight. My boyfriends bday and to boot we met on PSN playing soul calibur ... there wasn't anybody at the bar really but we where ready to buy drinks and hang all night for his birthday!  We had good memories here but he was here visiting from Canada so we planned to go to Insert Coin for his bday and they wouldn't change the game out for us, even though the bar was pretty empty. Not coming back again I doubt. Lost our service tonight :/ going to PSG from now on. Jason a different bartender was cool but the chick at the bar said he wasn't there. He was the only one willing to make things happen for us. Sad at you insert coin!! Wish Jason would have been there tonight, maybe it just depends on if you have a cool bartender when you come in. Came downtown for this,... what a bust! Felt bad for my boyfriend on his birthday. I still love this bar but now I know I can't expect to have fun here- paid a cover for him too- just to turn around and leave. I would understand had there been anyone else playing games at the bar... yea don't get it.
4	If you're looking for a cool bar to hang out at and play some games in the process, look no further! We went in and ordered some drinks. Prices are comparable to most bars on the strip. As long as you are drinking, you can play games for free at the bar. Selection isn't the widest (bar or machine wise) and they will not switch out the current game in the system.Most of the bartenders were super friendly. Some of them looked like they'd rather be anywhere but there. They offer bottle service which allows you to play any console game you'd like all night. Cool idea but made me want to play other games even more.They have a DJ at 10 pm but no one was really dancing. Music was great though and added to the overall atmosphere. I would say add some variety to games offered and PLEASE get a few pinball machines! Beyond that, worth a trip if you are on Fremont Street.
