4	Really good breakfast but overrun by Scottsdale hipsters.  Cute cafe with well prepared plates.  This is not a greasy spoon.  Beware of long lines on the weekend. Go early or be prepared to wait.
1	One of the more hip breakfast places around, The Breakfast Club can get crowded on weekends with a sceney bunch.  They have great eggs benedicts - about 5 different types one of which comes with steak instead of ham.  Always had a decent experience here, until recently when the Scottsdale blondie server gal was aloof the entire time and tried to stiff us on the tip.  The bill was $32, we gave her $40 and she tried to avoid coming back to face us - as if we'd leave.  Coincidentally she was within sight in the kitchen flirting with a guy server - giving him some back-scratching action.  We finally caught a busser to flag her down.  NO WAY SISTA...The customer decides what your tip should be - not YOU.  Not going back.
2	It is no big deal. The coffee is better than most places. The food is standard. Nothing unique. The juice comes right out of a bottle - how boring, buy a juicer! Be creative! Way too crowded, even on weekday mornings. Not worth the wait.
4	Had brunch with my friend Adriane, an aspiring Olympian here this morning before I finally left Scottsdale, and it was pretty crowded.  Lots of trendy types in here that made me feel like I was eating somewhere in Vegas.  The omlette I had was tasty and filling and I couldn't even finish the potatoes or fruit, and since Adriane paid, the price was right!
4	Ahhh...a restaurant with a name right out of the 80s. Bestow my heart! The BC as the regs call it, caps the end of little strip of shops in Oldtown Scottsdale. It is the Hugo's (West Hollywood reference) of Scottsdale. Lots of eye candy for boys and girls. The staff is mostly women, and quite the hotties they are. The space is very uncluttered and has great views of the passersbys and cars whippin' down Scottsdale Road. The oatmeal (add blueberries) is fantastic. The breakfast burrito is muy excelente. Orange juice tastes freshly squeezed and the coffee is strong and robust. Just like my Aunt Helen. The place is packed on the weekends, so expect a wait. Truly a hot,  hip spot on boulevard I call Snottsdale.
5	I effing LOVE TBC.  Located smack dab in the middle of "the scene" its truely the best breakfast place in town.  Apparently its the thing to do to actually shower and change from the night before prior to arriving so you can watch the rest of us stumble in looking like hell.  Whatever.  While you wait for a table (and you WILL wait for a table), sit outside on the patio and people watch some of Scottsdale's finest.  The Breakfast club isnt all about being the "it" place to be though, its also about the food.  Those of you who just came from the gym might want to try the egg white veggie omelet or the best oatmeal this side of the Mississip...  Those of us nursing a killer hangover might stick to the cinnamon challah french toast, benedict-style eggs, or belgian waffles...  You'll never want your loser boyfriend to make you breakfast in bed again.Lunch at TBC is round two of fabulousness.  Salads, sandwiches, sweet potato fries...  I'm suddenly starving.Dont let the line or the wave of D&G sunglasses outside deter you from waiting for the best meal of the week at the Breakfast Club.
2	Nothing special.  Has the usual variety of egg dishes, pancakes, omelets, etc.  The wait can be long for weekend brunch.  If it gets longer than 20 minutes, I would just go somewhere else.  It's obviously very popular, but not in a trendy/hip way - more of a classic way.  It's a good place for families.
3	Yummy food when you can get it. It's typically packed for brunch - especially on the weekends. Most of the girls that work there are hot and young... that doesn't make them the best waitresses, but they are usually nice. The atmosphere isn't anything terribly special - it's basically just the place to go to be seen and people watch. It's full of the same douchebags and plastics that went out the night before - they still look like their hair gel and guyliner is holding up and their designer shirt maybe has one or two extra wrinkles. The ladies seldom look like they left the house unshowered or without makeup. Mostly pretty people anyway... I always feel like a disgusting mess when I'm there because I just roll out of bed and go dirty.The food is fairly delicious, but I think it's pretty difficult to fuck up breakfast. It's not excessively greasy though which is nice... There are many breakfast favorites that serve greasy meals. Their standard eggs, bacon, fruit, bread, and hashbrowns is very light as well as filling. Their omlettes are slightly above average. It can also be rather inexpensive here which is nice for the $30,000/year millionaires. It can also be fairly pricey depending on what you get... it's the drinks - that's where they get you. They are priced like mixed drinks, but it's just orange juice or coffee. The problems with this place are that it's tough to find a seat, you have to keep your appetite while eating around douchers, and there are half a dozen other breakfast places within a few miles of it that are as good if not better. I do like this place though and I'll continue to go... food is 4 stars, ambience is 3, service is 3.5... this place really gets a 3 and a half. Go check it out.
4	We were originally going to grab something real quick at Einstein's after our hike at Camelback, but I saw this place and asked about it.  I jumped out of the car to find that there would be a 40 minute wait, and we were up for the wait.  I hear that there can be an hour long wait or more at times.  I was already warned about the people who come here seem to be overdressed for brunch, and it was true to their word.  I love that we were there in our exercise and hiking attire.  We did get some coffee from the coffee bar area in the back.  They have excellent coffee here.  If you are a coffee snob, you could fall in love with the java here or some eye candy around you.  There was a healthy stack of papers near the coffee bar, and we waited outside until we were called in for our table.  I was told that we were lucky that we had the nice waitress.  They are all really pretty.  I decided on an eggs benedict a la crab meat style and asparagus.  It was quite delicious.  It had a orange red color sauce with a hint of spicyness to it.  If you are a crab lover like myself, this is something that you would appreciate.  It also came with a side of fruit.  They have very limited outdoor seating and our waitress was pleasant, which I hear is not usually the case.  The prices were reasonable, and I wouldn't mind coming back!
3	This should  be a 4 - 5 star place but I can only bring myself to give it 3 - 4 stars. I am an omelet FREAK and I love that The Breakfast Club lets you build your own...HOWEVER...even when I picked the perfect arrangement of ingredients the omelet was only okay.I was also annoyed at the long wait when tables were empty. Oh - and the hostess was kind of a biatch too. And our waitress NEVER re-filled my drink. Hate that.Hmmm... Now I'm remembering why only 3 stars.I'll have to go back again and see...
4	We ended up at this place when we tried to hit Over Easy at 11:45 on a Sunday morning and were told they were closed. Bummer! Didn't want to wait in line at Matt's and had been wanting to try this place for awhile. Took the trip down Camelback Rd. to The Breakfast Club. The wait was pretty decent for a Sunday morning in the middle of old town Scottsdale. The host was friendly and helpful and seated us at a communal table with plenty of room between us and the other couple that was seated there.I started off with a cup of coffee and my girlfriend went with a glass of fresh pineapple juice. Our drinks came quickly. The coffee was pretty great at this place. Hit the spot nicely. My girlfriend's pineapple juice was perfectly chilled and crisp. She came back to take our order. I went with the Mignon Benedict and my girlfriend went with the roasted turkey benedict. The food arrived pretty quickly, and my glass of coffee was refilled a few times in the meantime. Atmosphere was nice and relaxing, despite the expected ridiculousness of some of the people that hang out in Old Town. My food was fantastic. The steak was still red in the center. At $13 for the sandwich, I wasn't expecting the quality of steak I got. My girlfriend's dish was actually even better than mine. Our waitress was fantastic. Definitely hitting this spot again.
5	The place so nice we went there twice. First went on a Sunday. Place was packed yet wait was only about 15 minutes. The great Scottsdale weather helped make the wait more enjoyable. We ended up with an inside table and the hostess was helpful with making room for our baby jogger. Food was all great. Fresh squeezed OJ is awesome there. We went back the next day (monday) and the place was much less busy. Was able to sit outside. Food was excellent again. We both had different things and were not disappointed.
4	High quality food, wonderful atmosphere. A little too busy on Saturday/Sunday AM. Great location right on Scottsdale Rd.
3	Really, I just don't know what's so great about the Breakfast Club. It seems like a place that belongs much more in Mesa than in Scottsdale. There's nothing wrong or terrible about the B.C., but there's nothing great about it, either. I can make a breakfast dish, or a sandwich, that's just as good -- or probably better -- at my own home. And then I wouldn't have to put up with the annoying patrons at this place.
4	Me and the Mr finally got a chance to go here.. simple, easy and well presented.. you cant go wrong here even though my fat ass only ordered a smoothie and steel cut oats.. now the Mr he ordered Eggs Benedict.. huge yummy looking portion of ooey gooey eggy goodness.. I wanted to dive face first into his plate! Instead I ate my oats and loved every bite.. perfectly cooked and served with brown sugar and milk, just like mom's before her divorce introduced her to the single life. Oh those were the days.Id go at opening if you're hungry 'cause there is always a wait!
1	I know lots of people love this place, but I had the WORST blueberry pancakes I've ever had here.  You know when you just have a jonesing for nice fluffy pancakes and you HAVE to get a fix?  Well, sadly I made the mistake of coming here.The blueberries were *tiny* and the blueberry compote on top had a nasty saccharin-ish taste to it.The service?  Uh, forget it.  We waited about 15 minutes before we were even acknowledged.  I see the lines of people waiting outside on my way to church on Sundays, but I just don't get the appeal.
4	After wandering around Saturday morning trying to get a feel for the city, my boyfriend and I made it over to the breakfast spot he'd been raving about all week.  The atmosphere was nice and the wait staff was friendly.  I decided to order the omelet with crab.  I'm usually very cautious about doing so in places that are not near the water (I'm from Baltimore after all) and it was surprisingly good and as was the fruit and potatoes.  My boyfriend who is self described as a tea snob loved that our looseleaf tea was served in a metal tea pot, which I seriously considered taking with us because it was so cool.  On the downside, we did feel a little out of place given we had so many curious stares from customers, but I'll chalk it up to us being clearly not from around here.  I'd definitely recommend this place to others and would probably visit every so often if I lived here.  I do really love the healthy options on menu and will plan to give it a try again.
4	Yeah guys,  this is definitely a breakfast spot. If you've never been....warning! You will wait a looong time on Saturday & Sunday morning. The huevos rancheros  and breakfast burrito (shown in photos) are slamming! The omelets are delish and the side of fruit is almost always sweet. If I order lunch, I typically just get the grilled cheese and tomato soup. I must warn that the tomato soup is more brothy than creamy. The salads are ok but not worth the 45min table wait. The prices are great for the quantity and quality of the food (breakfast). Bon Appetite!
4	I ate here for the first time on yesterday morning (Memorial Day) while nursing a sweet hangover from having too much fun the day before.  We arrived just a bit after 8, and only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table.This food was great!   Being from the south I LOVE biscuits and gravy, so I was excited when I saw BC's B&G (Breakfast Club's Biscuits & Gravy) on the menu.  However I was equally as excited about the Oscar Eggs Benedict.  My server made it easy for me to decide when she told me they were out of the crab meat which is used to make the Oscar.A few delicious cups of coffee later, my B&G arrived, looking delicious with a side of some perfectly ripe fruit and yummy potatoes.  The B&G is actually jalapeno biscuits, which taste almost doughy.  They were good, but different.  Then they are topped with melted fontina, eggs, sausage gravy and some hot sauce.  The only thing I would change is the cheese.  For some reason, the fontina just added an odd taste to an otherwise delicious meal.  I still ate about 3/4 of it, but would definitely request a different type of cheese next time.  My two dining companions each got a different type of omelet and they both enjoyed them.With its close proximity to my house, I definitely think I will be dining here quite  a bit.
3	MEH. One would think that this place would (and could) pay homage to the cult film, The Breakfast Club. But when you see the interior, you immediately notice how bare the walls are. The rest of the decor is plain and boring, too. This places looks like something you'd find in Terminal D of an airport. MEH. Service is spotty. My lunch date and and I ended up having to ask permission to sit somewhere, since nobody acknowledge our entrance and earnest appraisal - where do we sit? do we wait to be seated? The menu offers a range of things to pick from, though don't expect to be blown away by your options. They are of "average" variety. Sure, some looked intriguing, like the eggs benedict with crab. Of course, we had coffee. This would be, in my opinion, the best thing they offer. All I needed was a little cream and presto... the coffee was delish!For lunch I ordered a chicken sandwich with bacon, with a side of sweet potato fries. Of the latter, I ate about 20. Just okay. I ate 1/2 the sandwich and noted that I could have easily made this at home. My date commented that he was expecting his sandwich on dark marble rye. While the food was okay, it wasn't great. And considering I hadn't yet eaten all day (and this was 2 p.m.) you would think that an average sandwich would taste like the tears of Jesus by this point. Nope. It was merely MEH. I have no reason to go back here.
4	I have found it tough to find a delicious breakfast in these parts that is not some chain like Denny's or IHOP.  Well, the breakfast at this place definitely passed my scrutiny.  I ordered an omelette and it was absolutely scrumptious.  And their menu had quite a selection.  And I felt like I was living in a bustling, major city... which, after living in NYC and Philly, felt just like home to me!  I would definitely go back.  Though, I do have two complaints.  The wait is a bit long, but I thought it was worth it.  And the second is that our waitress was rude.  She kept on giving us snide looks when we didn't order right away (my girlfriend and I were catching up) and even didn't give us more water at the end of our meal to make sure we left in a speedy manner.  So, if you are looking to eat a leisurely brunch, you might want to consider another place.  But, sincerely, I would recommend the food here.
3	The Breakfast Club sounds like and looks like it's going to be the best local place in town... unfortunately, I find it to be just average...Maybe it's just me because it's always packed!  Even today, on a Thursday morning around 10am, in the heat of the summer, it was pretty crowded.Anyways, the food is decent but I flat out received the wrong omelet today.  I ordered the mushroom fontina cheese omelet and I was given the mushroom, turkey, avocado, and cheese omelet instead.  Oh well - it was good, but not exactly what i ordered.  I will say, the portions are pretty big, and they are ok with substitutions... normally the omelets come with potatoes and fruit and I requested toast and tomato slices instead.  Coffee is decent and service ok (aside from delivering the wrong omelet).Tiffany C and I were pretty hungry and this certainly did the job of filling our bellies, but I probably will not rush back anytime so soon.  As Alicia says, MEH... not awful, not amazing. Not worth a long wait, but decent if you don't have high expectations!
3	I used to come here all the time for breakfast.  I must say that I was never disappointed.  I really like their eggs Benedict and their jalapeno biscuits and gravy.  Their coffee was great too.  Today I came for lunch with some co-workers and had the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup.  The grilled cheese was very good with fontina and cheddar cheeses between to thick pieces of sourdough bread.  The tomato soup I could tell was homemade, but it was lacking in something for me... I think it needed to be a little thicker maybe with some croutons or something.
3	They serve breakfast all day, which is always a plus.  I had the tomato soup with grilled cheese.  The bread was delcious, tasted homemade.  However, there was way too much cheese, and it wasn't fully melted.  My g/f had the eggs benedict, which looked really good.  She said it was really good, and filling.  3 stars.  I've had better.  I've had worse.  La de da.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place ever. I've moved around a lot and never had that "neighborhood breakfast joint" that the locals go to, and now I finally do. (Smiles!) Their omlettes are absolutely delicious, you can either make your own or pick from a few that they have created... like The Bird... yum. They have tons of pancakes topped with candied nuts, fruit purees, whipped cream, and even ice cream. Is this really breakfast?! :) They also have a number of healthy options, you can order egg whites, and they have great fresh fruits, oatmeal, and yogurt. I love their toasted bagels and soy lattes. Their lunches are actually really good too... I've had their Turkey Club Wrap and it was great, breakfast is still served all day though. I recommend going early though! It gets packed after 8am on weekends and usually even weekdays.
3	Nothing special. Not much to compare it to as there don't seem to be a tonne of breakfast joints in the area. Food is definitely not "huge portions" as others have reviewed. Normal portions at an above average price for the just-above average quality. Lots of cute waitresses though.
2	Ok, I am a big breakfast fan, trust me.  I have not had a good experience at this place.  First of all, when you drive down Scottsdale Road, you can see the lines forming outside and you would think that the Rolling Stones were in concert inside performing!!  Well, when I certainly can't get no satisfaction when it came to the food.  First of all, the service was a little frantic.  There were a ton of annoying "I think I am cool" people who were obviously hungover from "clubbing" in the Scottsdale scene the night before and all wearing sunglasses and tried to look like Paris Hilton and Nick Lashay.  Oh,  well.  As for the food, I ordered the huevos rancheros.  My friend told me that it looked like somebody vomited in a large tortilla!!  I had to agree, he was right.  The eggs were undercooked and the whites were very runny!  I was DISGUSTED!!  My friend ordered a pancake and that looked ok.  Don't order the orange juice here, they will charge you and ARM & A LEG!  So, bottom line...if you like long lines and enjoy watching the Scottsdale party girls and guys nurse their hangovers as they text and show off their sunglasses and then eat, this is the place for you.  If you want a good ol' fashion American breakfast, this place may not be for you.  Go to Denny's instead!  :)
4	Breakfast places are my thing. Once I find one that I enjoy, forgetaboutit. It could be my coffee addiction. But all the same, a place that does a great cup of coffee and breakfast gets high marks in my portfolio.Candidly, The Breakfast Club always intimidated me - the crowd that is there all day long. Because, let's be honest, if a place is THAT crowded all the time, it has to be fantastic, right? I didn't get it, for the longest time...then there was Eli. I sidled up to the coffee bar, a nervous wreck. I wasn't sure if this was a place I could eat, drink, both, or if it was for Take Out (by the way, its all of the above). And, I started to ask questions. Eli is his name. It seems that he runs this joint on the weekends and he's got one hell of an ear (read: don't gossip about anyone or anything) and a smarty-pants sense of humor; but, he was open to questions and he lead me through all the ins and outs of the Breakfast Club. My biggest piece(s) of advise: Use The Boards. They are not just for decor and their kitchen will make anything for you. Make your own omelette. Add a side of green chili to anything. Order a drink from Eli on a weekend day. Sit at the back bar and eat, read your paper, eat your Lox, and have a second cappuccino. Is it perfect? Is anyone? Probably not, but now that I've seen how they intended the restaurant to be used, I understand the crowd and I'm one of the many that will return...
3	Is this where aspiring porno stars go to be seen and discovered? Besides LA, I've never been surrounded by so many silicon-chested, orange-fleshed, platinum blondes before in my life. It's like I've been transported into a really bad tv show hybrid of Real Housewives and Real Sex. Anyway, when I could unglue my eyes from Ms. Chestica McBlondie next to me, I had an omelette with turkey, boursin cheese, and avocado. Overall, the food was pretty good, but I just couldn't focus on the food. The sillicon balloons all around me had my full, undivided attention. Man, guys must love this place.
4	Breakfast Club is one of my favorite weekend hangover cures. One of the reasons I like it is because they DON'T have a bar, so there's no possible way for me to order a mimosa or screwdriver. Sometimes the best way to live a healthier life is to just avoid the temptation all together. I've been going to Breakfast Club for years, so this review is based on several visits, not one particular experience. A lot of people dog on this place for being too "Snottsdale" (and I've surely seen that attitude SOME of the time), but overall, I've had good experiences here. First off, great bacon....thick and yummy. I suggest ordering a side order when you first sit down (you know...as a "breakfast appetizer"). Second, good coffee. Last, last but not least, the food. I LOVE their breakfast burrito and can't seem to order anything else. I recommend it "Monster Style," smothered in pork green chile and chorizo queso. Then, I recommend that you walk about 5 miles to stave off heart failure. It's a lot of food.
2	Long wait.  Ordered nutty pancakes,  Spied neighbor's great-looking omelette while waiting for said pancakes.  Tasted the cakes and wished I'd ordered the eggs.  Price-y menu made my mediocre dish even more disappointing.Felt out of place here with so many well-dressed, salon-bed tanned people. Breakfast is my favorite time of the day, and dining here brought my cheerful mood down fast.
3	very popular, that can lead to waits for tablevery local:  sitting at the 4-seat  breakfast bar (if you can snag a seat) you'll notice that all the patrons know the server very wellfine breakfast (tho a lilttle expensive for area) like excellent bacon and toast.
4	Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.  Moms all over the country for years have woken up to make the meal that breaks the fast of a long nights sleep.  But after a certain age, people forget about breakfast at home and look to other venues to start their day.  A good breakfast place is hard to find.  For the most part, restaurants set a up a line that is too quick to think about quality, and only thinks only of the amount of tables that they can serve, and though that is important, the flavor and prep of the food should not suffer in the process.  The find a restaurant that can do both is rare. The Breakfast Club is located on Scottsdale Road and Stetson Dr puts forth a valiant effort to bring back quality to an extremely busy establishment.  I've driven by before, and the line on a Sunday morning is out the door.  Upon entering the restaurant, one would see that there is a coffee bar in the back and seating for up to forty people.  There is seating available outside, but on a cold day, there are fewer people wanting the brave a brisk morning then there are fingers on a hand, but I am one of those people.  The friendly greeting from the hostess helped warm the morning, and I was seated immediately to a corner table outside. The menu is your atypical breakfast place, with foods ranging from the simplicity of the egg to the flavorful complexity is that is a Belgium Waffle topped with just about anything a good breakfast place would offer.  It was definitely a busy morning and the waitress was running around like an organized chicken with her head cut off.  The greeting was friendly as she took my drink order, coffee, and returned quickly with it.  My palate wanted something rich and my stomach wanted something filling, so we all agreed with a Belgium waffle and a side of sausage patties. I surfed the Internet thinking that with as busy as they are, I would have time to be nerdy and check my fantasy football team.  Oh, how I was wrong.  A vinaigrette bottle, filled with warm, rich maple syrup was brought to the table, and suddenly the food was promptly delivered.  First I took the butter and smothered it on my waffle.  A bad butter can kill a meal, but if I want to see what type of place this is, then I was going to go for it.  The people at the Breakfast Club must have known this, because the butter was fresh and whipped.  I dug into the waffle.  The rich flavors filled my mouth, and the mixture of butter, syrup and waffle brought a smile to my tongue.  Next I took a bite of the sausage patty.  Think and juicy, it was not too greasy as so many places, and was that perfect blend of fat and pork products. Enjoying every bite, I fully expect to come back again.  The bill was reasonable, and the food lived up to the slightly more than Denny's total.  I felt like I was pay for quality.  You might not want to serve detention on a Saturday, but if you are looking for a nice breakfast with friends, then the Breakfast Club is the place you want to go.  My only recommendation would be get there early, because it will fill up.  But if you have to wait, the food will sing to just for you, "Don't you forget about me," and you won't.
4	"I liked this place. So did my husband and our kids. We eat here every time we come to Scottsdale and have always enjoyed our meals along with the service, which is very professional, friendly and quick. And for those of you who find it more like breakfasting in Silicon Valley here, I have to wonder if you get out much? It's like that everywhere you go in Scottsdale (boobs and blondes) every which way you turn!  But, anyway, great bacon to be had here, and according to my 13 year old son, the chocolate chip pancakes aren't bad, either! My husband really likes the omelettes here, and my youngest son loves the scrambled eggs. The only draw back is the wait, and not so much the wait itself, but rather where you'll most likely end up waiting, because it does get busy here and there isn't a lot of waiting space inside, and let's face it, it is Scottsdale, so in the summertime, it does get pretty hot outside, and waiting outside in the heat can be a little much for some. But other than that, we really, really like this place. :)
4	Weil it was my first trip to The Breakfast Club and I ate real healthy but I did oodle the Eggs Benedict and friend to the right of me ordered it and I was jeoulous. The Eggs Benedict looked "Scrumdelicious"!!!! I  had eggs poached with bacon and fruit. Great price at $5.95 and plenty of food for me. Bacon was not scrimpy but nice and thick, crisp and perfect!Maybe as a reward for myself, after I finish running the 1/2 marathon, I'll eat a big breakfast on Monday. Looking to give it the fifth star it probably deserves. By the way, it's worth the wait....and you will wait at this place.
4	I admit that this was actually our second choice.  we were originally supposed to go to Matt's big breakfast, but it's closed on mondays!  really!  who closes their breakfast joint on Monday?  I mean you're only open from 6.30 am to 2.30 pm, but i guess they may have been hungover from the Cardinals' win over the Eagles.Anyhow, back to the food.  There was a fairly long wait ~30 minutes and were we seated outside (right along scottdale ave), but it was actually worth it.  my food was ok.  I ordered the bacon and eggs and the oatmeal.  you can't really mess up bacon and eggs, but for some reason, the oatmeal was really good.  my oatmeal that i put in the microwave doesn't taste like that!  but the real highlight was what my fiancee ordered.  she had the cinnamon french toast with toasted nuts and berries.  4 nice slices of heaven with some fresh berries and toasted almonds and pecans.  I can forgive Matt's big breakfast this time, but if i'm ever back in the Phoenix area, they better be open and beat the french toast at the breakfast club.
2	My first experience to the Breakfast Club.... eh.  There are much better places to eat breakfast for the price.  We often drive by and see it crowded so we tried it on a Sunday morning.  Our server was very helpful, but the food was nothing to write home about.  Much prefer Butterfield's, Taylor's, or Cafe ZuZu (favorite) for breakfast.
4	When a friend called on Saturday morning asking if I wanted to go to brunch, I suggested The Breakfast Club in Old Town since I had been wanting to go there for some time. I'm really glad I suggested it because it was delicious. I arrived around 1 pm (they close at 3 pm) on a gorgeous Saturday, so I wasn't upset when I was told I couldn't be seated until my dining companion joined me. There are chairs outside to sit in while you wait and it was so nice out, I relished the opportunity to bask in the sunshine. When I mentioned my friend had just arrived and was parking her car, the hostess sat me in a cozy booth inside. Definitely make sure everyone in your party is there so you can be seated right away. Our waitress was really nice and helpful and paid just the right amount of attention to us.I do wish The Breakfast Club had alcohol because a mimosa on a sunny Saturday would have made the day perfect, but alas they do not have alcohol. My friend enjoyed her green iced tea and my black hot tea was fine. My friend had the Nutty Belgian Waffle (she added berries on the recommendation of our waitress), which filled the entire plate and looked quite yummy. I had the four cheese omelet which was divine! None of the four cheeses overpowered the other and when I cut into the omelet, the cheeses were hot and gooey...yum! The potatoes and peppers that came on the side were good and I left feeling contently full.For our two drinks, two entrees, and a side of bacon, our bill came to $30 before tip which I thought was very reasonable for a breakfast establishment. I can't wait to go back to try some more items, although hopefully next time I can score a table on the patio.
4	I returned to TBC this morning for a meeting with future yelper, Adriana C.  I'm giving them another star this time since there was no wait (9am on a weekday), service was prompt and attentive, and my coffee, oatmeal and side of egg whites came out just perfect!  It probably helped that I really enjoyed the company I was with as well.  Adriana's yogurt granola parfait and side of pancakes looked pretty fantastic as well.Lesson from this update: if you go to The Breakfast Club, go on a weekday and order something simple!
3	An okay breakfast spot.The good news? If you're staying at the W Scottsdale you can walk here, it's only a block away. Oh and the W has no other breakfast options unless you feel like eating at Sushi Roku, yuck.The bad news? You'll likely have a bit of a wait and as far as breakfast places go, it's not that remarkable. Sure the eggs and bacon were fine, but nothing about this place says: kick ass breakfast. My friend and I were seated at the communal table. There was another random group of 2 seated at the other end. Two of my other friends tried to join us mid-meal (there were plenty of seats at the communal table) and were denied. The hostess said something about us dominating the communal table, not sure what that was supposed to mean but it sure was annoying.
5	If you are one of those people that says, "I could eat breakfast for every meal", then you cannot miss this place in Scottsdale... coffee, eggs, french toast, and their bacon.. all amazing... so get their early and try to remember why in the world you would do the things you did last night... if you dont remember, order another coffee... its good.
5	I was so pleasantly surprised with the Breakfast Club.  I wanted to take my mom to a nice brunch on a Monday...and I thought the Orange Table.  We walked in there and they stopped breakfast at 11, so I knew that I never went to the Breakfast Club before, but thought hey why not.It was such a windy day when we went and the newspapers were flying everywhere on our table.  But we still enjoyed ourselves.  Service was wonderful; very attentive.   My mom loved her pancakes and I was so thrilled to find french toast made of challah!  (There is no other way to make french toast)  I also had hash browns (wanted the carbs I guess) and they were awesome as well.The prices were a little bit high for breakfast food, but I have to remember that I am in Old Town Scottsdale.  I would love to go back there anytime. :)
4	This place is probably crowded all the time. Went here on a Monday morning and the line was insane. Good thing we decided to wait it out because BC is delicious. I wasn't too hungry so I just went with your standard 2 eggs and bacon. Let me tell you something: their bacon is out of control good, and I'm not a huge bacon guy. Fresh fruit was also delicious. Next time I'm in Scottsdale, I'm coming back.
5	As most people have said, the wait is long. If you have the time and you're not too hungry, it's worth it. I think that breakfast joints on the weekends tend to be busy, anyway, so I, as impatient as I am, expect a line. Oh, and having the $ is good, too, since their breakfast is slightly more expensive than most. The omelets are huge (what is that, like 6 eggs?!), and it's nice that they have a huge selection of ingredients to make your own combo. But the Eggs Benedict selection--that's where it's at. Seriously, folks...they have Eggs Benedict with filet mignon. Drool.
4	Hate the wait, hate the prices but I love the Breakfast Club!  The food is amazing and the menu is extensive for plain old breakfast food.  The portions are large which is great if you are starving or hung over but I wish they had some of their larger items like the omelets ala cart.  I love their a la cart breakfast sandwich, it's like an adult egg McMuffin with horseradish sauce on it.  I don't love the price.  At over $5 for just a sandwich I'll head to across the canal to Olive and Ivy's market and get a sandwich and home fries for $7.  And if you like pancakes?  O....M....G!I have found a couple things there that aren't wallet busters if you just want a quick bite to eat.  Their 2 eggs anyway are $2, spend $0.50 to add cheese and you have a filling but cheap meal for under $3.  The portion size is more like 3-4 eggs instead of two when you get them scrambled.If you want to look at the menu ahead of time, don't bother with their online one.  It's out dated and most of their items have risen in price $1-3.  The other bad news is they don't have an alcohol licenses so no mimosas or bloody mary's with your breakfast.  Womp Womp :(
5	Breakfast Club is a staple in every trip I make out to Scottsdale. I've tried a lot of different things on the menu and I've never been disappointed. Their portions are big, their prices are not bad for a trendy brunch restaurant, and their staff is friendly. A few of my favorites: *The Bird omelet: I don't get the cheese or mushrooms, you don't need it since the avocado makes it really creamy *Turkey Benedict: a fun twist, and their turkey is like Thanksgiving turkey...delicious *Jalapeno Biscuits & Sausage Gravy: a little kick and ends up solidifying in your stomach...in a good way *Breakfast Burrito: PLEASE try it with the chorizo queso on top...it might have changed my life *Bagel & Lox: really fresh and just the right amount of salty Things I don't love (and there are just a few): *The wait can be a biatch, especially if it's really hot outside (there are only so many shaded areas to stand) *The coffee bar is nice because you don't have to wait until seated to get a caffeine fix, however the wait is long, the space is cramped, and it's pricey *Their Potatoes O'Brien are delicious but have way more bell peppers than actual potatoes, and it's a pretty small serving *The crowd can be a bit obnoxious, but it's part of the fun of the whole experience...it's fun to judge others over a yummy brunch
4	If the thought of breakfast makes you all tingly in your nether regions, then you have to eat at this place.  You will definitely feel...satiated.I chose the BC's B&G - jalapeno biscuits topped with eggs (I chose scrambled) topped with sausage gravy and served with a side of potatoes and fruit.  Definitely hearty and kept me full until happy hour (more on that later).  The gravy was a little watered down to my liking, but the jalapeno flavor in the biscuit was subtle, but it was there when you bit into it.Be prepared for a wait on the weekends, but you will be glad you did.  If you have a mimosa itch to scratch (no booze served here - hence 4 stars only), then walk over to Saddle Ranch while you are waiting.
5	Came here while on vacation, based on the reviews. Overall the food was great, but we developed a few words of wisdom on what to order - The whole wheat pancakes and the challah french toast were incredible. The pancakes nearly floated off the plate, and the challah and candied nuts on the french toast made it taste like the perfect middle ground between brunch and desert. I didn't eat the omelet with salmon or the honeydew (omelets come with fruit) but was told they were great too. The only downside were the wild mushroom omelets and the potatoes it came with - they lacked seasoning. If they had any, we would be giving the restaurant 5 stars. The salmon omelet came with the same potatoes, but she opted for the hashbrowns which were awesome (I wish I had such foresight...)!
4	I recently went to the Breakfast Club to meet a family member who was in town for a quick layover.  I didn't know too much about the place going in, other than it was on the wife's list of places to try.  I have to say I was definitely impressed.We arrived sometime around 10am on a Sunday morning and were able to be seated within five minutes, which was nice.  I ordered the turkey/avocado/boursin omelet.  (This normally comes w/ mushroom but I got it without).  All I can say is wow!  This was a delicious omelet, I literally ate the whole thing (though I did slow down for a moment so my wife could taste a bite).  The service was good, though a little slow on bringing the check, though after that I did appreciate that they didn't pressure us to leave while we caught up, even though a line had formed.  Great food, this is more like a 4.5, rounded down to 4.
4	Good food and freindly staff. They have a nice selection on the menu. After seeing the table next to me I wish I'd of had the house specialty....blueberry pancakes. Next time........
3	So I got here early this morning , around 7am. Not too busy yet, but I was the only female in here beside the two grandmas sitting in the corner and all the Grouchy Waitresses. It was pretty funny watching all the waitresses grimacing around in their 3 inches of makeup, thank goodness my waitress wasn't grouchy . I ordered Ice Tea and chose the green, it was perfect and only $2 which was great considering I was given a giant to go cup of it when I left. For my breakfast I chose the Traditional Eggs Benedict (see pics) My waitress informed me that they put cayenne pepper in their hollandaise and that it could be a little spicy. Thankfully she put it on the side because it was really too spicy for me and I didn't feel it worked well together not to mention it was cold but she said that's how they serve it? Weird cold sauce on hot food? Hmmmmm......... She did offer a different kind of sauce but I was fine without any. Anyhow the eggs were poached just right and the thick slices of Ham were Delicious however the English muffin really wasn't toasted it tasted raw. Fruit was good, potatoes were just OK, large chunks of roasted potatoes along with barely cooked bell peppers, they were pretty bland so I just dipped them in ketchup. I ordered the 2 egg breakfast to go (see pics) it came with fruit, toast and bacon. My daughter liked it. So this place definitely wasn't the best I've had but it was good and although I  wouldn't wait in some of the crazy lines I've seen here at least I will know how to tweak my order next time to make the most of it.
4	What can I say?  I LOVE this place.  I've never had a dish I didn't like here.  The energy is great, the people are fun.  I wish there were MORE room!  And I wish the misters had a little more "oomph" out on the patio during the summer, but what are you gonna do?  If you have friends in town and you're looking for a foolproof breakfast joint The Breakfast Club is it.
5	I had the best Huevos Rancheros ever this morning. Green chile pork with black beans, onion, tomatoes, etc all over scrambled eggs. AWESOME.
2	Tomato Sauce + Chicken Broth does not = Tomato Soup! - 1 star
1	I was SOOOO EXCITED to eat here.For realz.I love breakfast foods.  Of all kinds.But I would rather eat at IHOP than this place.  Honestly.I've tried all their variations on the eggs benedict, and found them all to be so disgusting they bordered on inedible.A friend of mine insists that I should return to this place and order a "sweet" breakfast, but I'm scared and very hesitant to ever eat here again.
3	The following of this place kills me... Im from northern California where this place would be average.. but in Scottsdale.. its considered the bomb! OKAY.. some things I LOVE.. such as the eggs benedict.. its worth the splurge..but I get the hollandaise sauce (with a hint of chipolte in the mix) on the side... The coffee is strong and I love it! They carry the sugar in the raw, 'stevia'.. that rates high with me, even though somewhere in Cali that would not be a special thing..but I love the small things when I get them in AZ. Ive had their huevos rancheros.. wont do that again.. its not like any Ive had before.. so give the chef a 'A' for going the creative way on the rancheros! BUT after a nite at the W.. it made me feel not great.. its overpowered in sauce... and the tortilla covering the bowl was weird to me.. too much. BUT again, I give it 3 stars bc for here its a great place to grab any kind of breakfast you want.. Challah french toast, pancakes, coffee bar.. and still watch the cutesy Scottsdale---ites.. weekends plan to wait!
3	YUM.Packed.Service... is okay. Coffee is great! Love the sugar selection [hate Splenda in coffee.. love Stevia in coffee!]. I ordered the turkey/boursin omelette and it was SO GOOD. I couldn't get over it. Fast service but I don't recall anything special. In fact I do remember our waitress being pretty short with us but at least she did it with a smile!I can't wait to return.
2	Nice place, but trendy in Old Scottsdale.  This is a place for the college students of Phoenix from ASU, Tempe, etc.  This is a place to see and be seen.  Many races are in here, but mostly your young frat or sorority friends.  I personally thought it was fun, but I can see families get a little bewildered by the place.  If you are a middle aged person who has a family, skip this place even though the food is good.  OR better yet, come in the late afternoon when the college kids are out and partying so you can avoid them.
4	On my second official weekly brunch with my friend, we decided to hit The Breakfast Club up, and I really liked this place for Sunday brunch.  We had to wait for a little while, but it wasn't any more than I would expect to wait for a popular brunch spot.  We had the option to sit in or outside, and though we said the fastest seat was ok, we were secretly hoping to sit inside.  Lucky for us, our wish was granted and was seated inside.  My friend ordered the cinnamon challah french toast, which looked AMAZING.  It came topped with candied nuts, seasonal berries, and Vermont maple syrup.  I ordered the BC burro, which was egg, ham, cheese, and green pepper wrapped in a tortilla with a side of hashed browns.  Let me just tell you, BC knows how to do their hashed browns right!  Perfectly browned but not burnt.  The burro was pretty darn good, too, and came with a side of salsa, but I personally liked it better topped with ketchup.  Let me also state here that the burro was totally cheap: about five bucks.  The french toast was not as cheap, but it also was not any more expensive than other brunch places.  The coffee we ordered was awesome because it came hot and strong, which is perfect for a lazy Sunday morning, and the waitress was quick to come around with refills, too.  The reason I'm not giving this place a perfect five is for two reasons.  The first is that the waitress came back with a side of bacon for my friend, which he did not order.  It wasn't a big deal, but he doesn't eat meat, so it was gross for him, and he had ordered hashed browns, so technically, the order came out wrong.  The bigger issue was that about 80% of the way through eating his huge portion of french toast, my friend discovered a hair in it.  Lucky for the staff, my friend is not grossed out by hair found in food and just removed it, then continued to finish his meal with the idea that if he HAD eaten it, it'd have been considered more protein, but for normal people, finding a piece of hair in food is a deal-breaker, so I thought I'd mention it.  My food was fine, though, and it was good, so you go and make your own judgment call.  Oh, and I might also forewarn any of you who decide to go here that the parking situation is kind of crappy.  Just so you know.
4	I went with my friend for Sunday Brunch a few weeks back and was very impressed. I ordered the Huevos Con Masa, and it was very tasty. The flavors were so well blended! I thought it would be too rich, but it was just perfect!My friend got The Bird, he gave me a bite and I was so jealous I didn't order it. The creamy cheese in the omelet was to die for! I am looking forward to going back to order it!The atmosphere was very comfortable and we didn't have to wait too long, so the overall experience was good! If you are looking for a good brunch spot, I would recommend The Breakfast Club....cute name and easy to remember!
2	Big kudos for serving breakfast late in Scottsdale (unlike, ahem, the Orange Table, which stops the pancakes before 10 a.m.). But would I go back? Only for the pomegranate smoothie. Otherwise, it was pretty bland stuff. Ironically, the menu looks uber creative, but the execution? Not so much. Case in point: the ballyhooed cinnamon challah french toast was dried out and had no custardy center at all, plus the side of scrambled eggs was also extremely dry. Servers were OK, though seemed very not thrilled to be there. In the end, that's a fair attitude, I guess, since neither were we.
5	The Breakfast Club is excellent every time. Coffee is perfect. I love the outside seating. Go when it's not busy to enjoy. A very popular place in Scottsdale.
4	The food was outstanding at this now famous Scottsdale breakfastery!My guest and I rode our bicycles there and the hostess appeared a little put out by our question as to where we could park them. As a matter of fact, in general the hostess was a direct reflection of the "Snotsdale Attitude" that is often attributed to the staff's of Scottsdale eateries. Goes with the territory, I guess!The server couldn't have been more helpful and the breakfast was fast, hot and delicious. The build your own breakfast burrito was the choice for me and whole wheat pancakes for my guest. Mouthwatering good.I am also a bit of a coffee snob and their espresso bar held up to my standards as well. I would even come back to this place just for a coffee it was that good.
4	Brilliant, and possibly my second favorite breakfast place in Scottsdale now. The food was exceedingly yummy, the service was excellent, the price was totally right on, and it's in the middle of town. What's not to love? I did ding it a star for the 25 minute wait we had to get in, but consider that simple logistics... Be warned that this is a VERY POPULAR spot to eat, so if you want solitude, you're going to the wrong place.
3	Under normal circumstances, I have this thing where I feel that anyone who is doofy and un-creative enough to name their establishment "The Breakfast Club" doesn't deserve my attention, business, nor opinion. But the line here is so freaking long during the weekends I just had to try it. The food is good! Servers are attentive and friendly, food and drinks come out at precisely the right moment (not too soon, not too late) and portions are pretty big. Ingredients are fresh and some of the dishes are creative. I've been here twice and have had a crab benedict and a build-your-own omelet (which includes choices of like a billion different veggies/meat and cheeses... i couldn't believe how many cheeses there were written on the board... what is it, ten? twelve? Heaven!) The crab benedict had more crab than I expected... maybe twice as much! Real crab, too, not "krab" although I'm not sure where it came from (obviously a can but prior to that, where did this come from?) The menu has a LOT of choices. My only drawbacks are the long wait (we have been told "about 40 minutes" and that turned into "about 35 minutes" after the first 40 were up), but this is a breakfast place after all, and while I do expect to wait, I don't like waiting twice. Also, there is no booze here. Granted, I probably don't NEED it... but if I had it, I would not feel that they should drop menu prices by about $1 or $2.
3	Typical Scottsdale! It felt a bit pricy, long wait to get a table, and just did not come through on the expectations.The ambiance was nice and cozy for a breakfast nook but after the long wait in line my pancakes were not up to par and the coffee was burnt.Although, I would recommend it for tourist because of the location. It's good, just not great.
4	If you go during the weekend, expect an hour wait.  You've got nothing to do so just sit in some of the lounge chairs out front and relax.  I had the turkey omelete with borsand cheese (on of my new favorite things), wife had the bagels with lox (capers, tomato, yadda yadda yadda) and my daughter had the chocolate chip pancakes.  We were all very satisfied with our meal, and from what I remember not that expensive. So whenever we're in the Scottsdale area and have some time to kill, we'll stop in for a great breakfast
4	When you're looking for a big breakfast or brunch to devour in the Old Town Scottsdale neighborhood, this is one club you'll want to belong to. Now, although you don't have to actually own a membership to this club, you may feel like you need to belong to some of Scottsdale's "downtown elite" to visit this joint.If you're looking for good breakfast food - hearty omelets with fruit and potatoes or wonderfully aromatic pancakes - then this place is for you. They have a great menu of plates, and you can tell that people line up for the flavor. I've had several omelets of theirs, with my most recent dish being overeasy huevos with a salsa-style ranchero sauce over jalapeno cornbread. It was delicious albeit heavy because of the cornbread - a truly savory Southwestern dish. The Breakfast Club is usually filled with a mix of Scottsdale residents, hungover ASU students, and out-of-place-out-of-towners. But the majority is Scottsdale's old town elite - which include the entitled teens and young "adults" of the city. It's an interesting spot to go people watching at, because you get to see some diversity and laid back attitudes amidst the pretentiousness of Scottsdale.I actually would have given this place a fifth star if the hostess hadn't made a mistake on her seating list. My diner friend and I put our names on the list and went next door to the shops to kill time...30 minutes after our return (standing outside, right in front of the hostess), we asked if we would be seated anytime soon - because it had been 20 minutes past our quoted time, and we were told that we had been taken off the list. I guess the hostess assumed that our walking away meant that we wouldn't wait - but we never said that. So the beginning of our brunch was an annoying bummer...but I guess that's what you get when you're surrounded by a city of plastic and makeup instead of logic.
3	My first time in Scottsdale, so i looked on yelp for some assistance. Heads up this is a VERY POPULAR spot to eat.  If you want a quite one on one with someone this is not the place for you. The food was very good and and prices are appropriate. The only downside was that the service was average at best.
3	I'm really picky about breakfast.  This place was ok, not the best food in the world but not that either.  Fruit cup was large and flavorful.  The atmosphier is nice,  busy and upbeat.  However I did pay too much for a crappy cup of coffee.  Tasted very burnt.
3	The Breakfast Club? Wasn't that the old movie from the 80's where a group of delinquents found that they were deeper than just their surface looks? Well, unfortunately, at this Breakfast Club- it is all superficial. I thought with the Old Town location that this would be a good breakfast choice. And given the fact that there were people standing outside to get in at 9:15am - that is also usually a signal that a place has a following. So imagine my surprise when the food didn't live up to my expectations. If this review was only for Eli- the super fast, all seeing, all knowing, ever patient barrista who also minded the counter superhero, this would be a 5 star review for sure. Here's a guy who is pleasant, quick, multitasks and puts up with the most inane requests from people, all with a smile on his face. I sat at his counter, ordered up an espresso (perfectly made) and some breakfast. The breakfast came out post haste! I mean- I had barely cracked the binding on my book when placed in front of me was huge plate with two Eggs Benedict, a pile of melon and pineapple and breakfast potatoes with pepper and onions. But it was here that my dream morning came to an abrupt halt. While the eggs were perfectly poached, the hollandaise sauce was almost orange- not the golden buttery color associated with real hollandaise. And it was full of red pepper. If I wanted my eggs spicy- I would have ordered them that way. I wished my Eggs Benedict had come looking like the picture that is posted on Yelp. And those potatoes? Eh. Not so good. The people next to me ordered pancakes and bacon and had there been a contest- those would have been the big winner, for sure! Breakfast and an espresso ran about $18. There is plenty of parking in the lot or on the street. If you go- and want stellar service- sit at the coffee bar and have Eli take care of you. Great service from Eli. Friendly and accommodating host staff. But the food? I felt for a moment that I was in detention at the Breakfast Club. And that alone will have me looking elsewhere for my favorite meal of the day.
2	We waited about 45 minutes for table, not including calling ahead 10 minutes before arriving.   After waiting so long I was really excited to eat, unfortunately the food was really nothing special. I would recommend staying away from the crab benedict which tasted fishy and obviously came from a can. The strawberry pancakes were good and overall the portions were very big. The service was ok but nothing great. Our waitress maybe smiled once which is cool, but don't act all put out when I remind you about that side of bacon you forgot. I'm completely baffled as to why anyone would wait for 45 minutes for The Breakfast Club. I don't think we'll be heading back.
5	Excellent breakfast spot. Definitely worth the wait for a table - friendly staff, extensive menu and the food comes quickly. They have excellent coffee and espresso drinks.
4	I love both the food and atmosphere of the breakfast club in old town Scottsdale. I usually order pancakes, bacon and eggs with fresh OJ. This place is always super busy since its pretty small (and popular) - so be prepared to wait at least 30-45 minutes (which is sometimes a pain). Delicious breakfast.
4	The Breakfast Club is awesome. It's one in a handful of trendy little breakfast spots in the Scottsdale area. It's located right on the north end of Old Town, the area is really chill and perfect for lounging on a nice day. So if there's a wait, which there usually is... it's not a nuisance to hang out; it's a pleasure! Like a lot of Old Town Scottsdale places, there is a certain hipster vibe you get from this place. If you go for a later breakfast like we usually do, you'll most certainly notice that about three fourths of the people eating there are club-goers from the previous night that went to bed way too late and drank too much while partying. Most of them look like they have not showered since getting home the previous night, and smell like a ridiculous mixture of B.O. and cheap cologne. Not exactly our crowd, but it does make for some fun people watching. They have a lot of dishes that are more on the adventurous side of the breakfast spectrum, but also have all the tried and true's as well. We opted with the cinnamon challah french toast which was very good and an omelet which we just loaded with all sorts of good shit... it was also quite yummy. It's also cool that there is a little coffee bar inside that you can order from while you wait or get stuff from to accompany your meal. All in all, we quite enjoyed The Breakfast Club... it's just a fun and chill little spot to grab a fresh and tasty morning treat.
2	Food is okay but not worth the lengthy wait on weekends. If there were more breakfast choices around this area, TBC would be empty. I've ordered breakfast on two occasions here and both times it came out cold, plus the order was messed up. The outdoor patio on the side street is nice but the Scottsdale Road side gets quite noisy with the traffic.Wait staff and hostesses are nothing fabulous, not overly friendly considering the price and the wait. Maybe I should down a couple Malibu drinks before I come for breakfast and it would be a better experience.
4	Plan on having a long wait... If you're okay with that, "The Bird" omlette with turkey, avocado, and gruyere cheese is oh-so-good! Not a very thorough review... but I only order that dish (don't want to ruin a good thing).
4	PREPARE TO WAIT!!!!  i'm not gonna lie-the service is great and the breakfast is really good too-i usually make my own omlett but have also had the salmon lox on a bagel w cream cheese, their yogurt and granola w berries, pancakes...Basically i've had a l lot of food there! haha.  The only thing is that it's never anything SUPER SPECIAL to have that kind of a wait.  Most of the time i drive by to see if it's packed or not-if i wanna go in, and 8/10 times its a line out the door.  But i will say this-it's super consistent.  i've never had a bad order or anything like that and it is reasonably priced as well-so if you don't mind waiting for breakfast-give it a try!
3	I was really looking forward to eating here - close walking distance to everything in Old Town Scottsdale and Scottsdale Fashion Square, and always a big crowd - but was a bit disappointed.  With better eggs and service, this place would easily get at least four stars.Wait: We actually scored a table really quickly, but if we had arrived five minutes later we probably would've had to wait 30 minutes.Food: My wife got the Quick Start (2 eggs, bacon, toast, and fruit) and I got BC's B&G (jalapeno biscuits and sausage gravy with fontina, 2 eggs, and fruit.  At a breakfast place, making eggs is a huge element and The Breakfast Club failed us here.  Her eggs were undercooked (runny whites) and my eggs were overcooked (almost totally solid yolks when I ordered over-easy).  That aside, everything else was very good.  Covering jalapeno biscuits with eggs, fontina, and gravy was a very interesting combo and (aside from the egg fiasco) tasted very good - rich without being overwhelming.  I'd probably opt to have the eggs on the side or just forego them completely since they weren't really necessary.  What really impressed me was how fresh and sweet the fruit was - especially for March.Service: While the hostess was nice, the service itself was far from good.  Our waitress seemed new, like a deer in headlights, and the place definitely seemed understaffed.  She came by very infrequently, and actually disappeared when we were ready for a check (maybe she went on a break?).  Fortunately - after waiting for some time - another waitress helped us and brought our check by.
5	This is the place for a fabulos breakfast!! I have friends who visit from Texas and they wait all year to eat the Eggs Benedict here. They are the best. I  personally love the pancakes smothered in bannanas, pecans and hot syrup...yummmmy. They also serve some very healthy and delicious salds for lunch like the strawberry spinach salad and the sandwhiches ar e very good, Their is often a wait for breakfast but it moves fast and their is a community table which sometimes shortens the wait.
5	Great breakfast....portions as big as what I experienced at Hash House a Go Go in San Diego....Omelets and pancakes were great.  Have had the oatmeal here on another occassion - served with all of the fixins...can't really mess up on the oatmeal....Arrived before the huge morning crowd.  Great place to people watch and to walk around afterwards- lends itself to a great location.....Wanted a t-shirt to this place, but was not willing to spend forty something for it....
4	Great portions, lengthy wait.  Clean and yummy.  Would return.
4	I admit that I am not a big fan of waiting... and if it's a wkend or especially if it's spring-training time of the year... the line to get a table can be rediculously long w/ all the baseball fanatic tourists.  But my friends live here and definitely know how to work it so it's not so painful. Since they do not take reservations, we give our name to the hostess and knowingly are told the wait time to be ~45 min which we tack on another 30 on top of that. So we then get our nails done next door or walk over to the boutique across the street. I have to say the line for a latte can be a bit of  a wait as well, but so worth it. Their coffee is truly yummy. I've eaten breakfast here.... their omelettes, breakfast burrito or taco are always good, but my most recent visit I was not in the mood for breakfast.  I had the tuna sandwichwhich was exactly what I was craving for... absolutely delicious without too much mayonaise. I hate when other places makes a tuna salad sandwich taste like there's no tuna but  gobs of more mayo oozing out.. gross!  Anyway their tuna here is perfect. Although the wait is long, once seated the service is prompt and friendly.
4	I don't know what this little joint is better for, the food or the people watching. Not your typical "snobsdale" atmosphere, this place attracts patrons of all kinds. After waiting 25 minutes or so which wasn't so bad outside on an early spring morning (summer might be a different story) we were sat inside, had a super nice server and a tough time deciding what to get due to the extensive menu. They definitely put their own spin on traditional breakfasts here which I appreciated and seems to set them apart from most places. My friend ordered the huevos rancheros which had juicy beef mixed in. My breakfast burrito was huge and they gave me the option to have it smothered in chile verde sauce and I happily accepted. My only wish was that they put a little more chorizo in the burrito itself. Otherwise it was fantastic. Also, the food came about 5 minutes after we ordered. This restaurant doesn't mess around and is a great place to dine alone, with a friend or your whole family.
5	Eggs scrambled with jalapenos! Need I say more! They were spicey hot and I loved them. I had the Belgian Buckwheat waffles and they were cooked to my specs ... crispy on the outside with butter to smother and it was heaven! Coffee was nice. Sun was warming us to a crisp while we waited but it was all worth the wait. You need to go to know!
4	Bananas Foster waffle here is mind-blowing.  Where else does your breakfast come with a scoop of vanilla ice cream?  A side of bacon makes this meal worth waking up for in the morning.
3	I have been to The Breakfast Club on several occassion and have never been entirely impressed. I'm not much for going to a restaurant to see and be seen. I go to eat! The restaurant is small and the outdoor seating is placed in the middle of a fairly busy Scottsdale sidewalk. The wait is usually long and there isn't much room to wait without feeling like you are in the way of a waitress.Their breakfast potatoes are very good but the entrees have left me a bit unsatisfied. My lunch experience has been better in that the Buffalo Mozz Salad is worth going back for if you're in the neighborhood. It  offers a large portion of caprese salad with a heaping pile of mixed greens. Yum!All-in-all... a decent meal but often too busy with beautiful people to be worth the wait.
5	Sorry but there is always a wait here but you'll just have to get over that because this place is so frikin delicious! They serve pancakes with ice cream on it!!! Ive tried the cherries jubilee and bananas foster pancakes with the honey wheat pancakes I believe it is and bananas foster definitly better but it depends which you prefer because both were fan frikin tastic.  (im sure only like 5 calories too right??, ha ) And I have also had the eggs benedict with the portabello mushroom on it (don't remember what it was called) I dont eat meat so I get it with out it and with out the other sauce it comes with, but still get the hollandaise and man, its good! It has a little spice to it and I love spice.  The iced green tea is yummy also. The servings are big so you can always order to share (or if you cant decide, order a couple things and  share everything) When the weather is nice, I recommend sitting outside. All in all, love this place!
3	there's always a wait here, but you can slip in and out if you have a small party.  the coffee is really good, and i'm a sucker for eggs benedict so i gave it a shot.  nothing to write home about but i was satisfied in the end.  like i say in every breakfast review: there's no better breakfast in town than the one i cook up in my kitchen.
2	I recently went to The Breakfast Club for the first time with a good friend who I hadn't seen in awhile. It was a weekday and so, while it was still busy, we didn't have to wait to be seated. The food was good, but slightly over-priced. My biggest problem with the restaurant - the service. They were slow to deliver our drinks and food, yet once our food came, they were swarming around like bees every five minutes to take our plates so we could get out of there. I felt like they didn't care at all for the fact that I was having a nice morning with a good friend but instead wanted us to pay and leave. After we had been there for just over an hour and fifteen minutes, out waitress actually told us to leave the table and finish our conversation outside so they could seat other customers. We were mortified. I have NEVER been asked to leave a restaurant in my life. Needless to say, they didn't win a loyal customer with me.
3	We were pleased that we arrived before the big crowd and got shown to a table right away. We had driven by hundreds of times and we always wanted to at least try it once. Service was fast and the staff was friendly. I had a delicious smoothie. One of the best I've had so far! My hubby ordered the blueberry pancakes and I got the Cinnamon French Challah bread. I thought everything was pretty good but when we got the bill I was amazed how expensive the meal was! The food was good but not THAT good. I understand they use fresh ingredients and everything but it still seemed a bit overpriced.
4	This place is good and is one of the more reasonably priced places to eat in downtown Scottsdale.  They have wonderful food and really great service.  For breakfast I recommend the Huevos con Masa - it is awesome - or one of the design your own omelettes.  The coffee and smoothies are also fantasic.  For lunch I like the Spring Berry salad or you could also just get more breakfast!
4	When you say Breakfast Club, I say awesome '80s flick full of detention and dancing through hallways -- but let's save that gnarly story for another day. Many a morning, I'll pass The Breakfast Club and there's a line out the door like bacon's going out of style. At first, I wondered what it was all about. Then I ate there and have since been back over and over and over again. It's pretty good! Worth the wait? I'm going with a solid...heck ya if you have the time to spare. I'm an avocado snob and you can get a good selection of the buttery green goodness in any omelet or egg dish you choose...or if you just want it on the side to accompany your waffles. I love the omelet selection with the grilled veggies and salty potatoes. The pancakes are large and in charge. Their coffee is roasted like the best of them. Plus they have the option for community dining seats which can sometimes be fun and a cool way to meet new people (but they also have normal solo dining as well). The only main deterrent against making The Breakfast Club my go-to breakfast all the time is the wait, but I've learned that I need to go at off-times in order to avoid the line. The main hours of craziness are around 8:00-10:30 AM on the weekends -- pretty much the prime time breakfast hours. But, if you could.. let's say ... wake up a tad earlier (eek!) or make it brunch instead of breakfast, then you might avoid the lines. Otherwise, just sit tight and wait for the table. You might also try to find an excuse to have a breakfast meeting during the weekday there. It's a lot less crowded on the weekdays. Regardless, I think the wait is pretty much worth it.  You can also grab a coffee to go while you wait in case you're a caffeine addict like me (even though Diet Coke is my drug of choice) and you need your fix.
5	I love this place!  It's always packed every day here with a line out the door!  They have great food and the portion sizes are pretty big.  I love the BC coffee (iced coffee that's infused w/hazel nut and caramel topped with cream.)  the breakfast menu has lots to choose from (the omelets are big enough to split  for 2 people0 and the lunch menu is great too!  Got to try the green tea here, another favorite!!  They are open from 5am to 3pm daily!
2	I love going out for breakfast, but there are a couple of reasons I won't go back here.  First of all, too expensive.  My girlfriend and I each had eggs benedict and coffees, and it was 40 bucks!  Second reason, the portions are huge.  I am always disappointed to see such huge portions coming out of a professional kitchen, because I realize how much food is headed toward the trash bin each day.  If you must serve such huge portions, please advise on the menu ahead of time.  The most important reason I won't head back here...  unripened fruit as a garnish on my plate.  Just serve me what's in season please.  If it is in season, a tomato in summer for example, please make sure it's fresh, local, and ripe.  I was shocked when the waitress asked me if I wanted to add tomato to my dish and then she served me a hard, barely pink slice of tomato.  It's in season people!  Where did this tomato come from, South America?
4	Oh Scottsdale, you never fail to amaze me. Honest to God the entire staff had a nice orange glow to them straight from the tanning bed. Plus you even get attitude from the wait staff, I mean really? You're a waitress for God's sakes!At any rate we sat at the "bar" and the "bartender" gave us our Cokes to-go, which was a really nice surprise.
3	Good food, good location.  One quick recommendation.  Tone down your portions on certain items, namely the Eggs Benedict.  Maybe offer a half portion or something.  It was a good dish but, as I am currently not subscribing to a 7,500 calorie a day diet, it is too much.  The waffle was the best this side of Over Easy.
4	Had a great meal this morning with the family. The service was excellent.
3	Ok... So I am a sucker for a great breakfast joint that isn't some huge national chain.  Maybe it's the fact that orange county seriously lacks many good breakfast joint option.  Secondly, the fact that they have dog friendly patio service elevates the place in my book.Our trips to Scottsdale aren't complete until we make a stop here for breakfast.  The portions are huge!  The surprising part is that the food is good, which is not usually the case with places with places that do large portions (usually hoping that size covers up the taste).With their Mexican options such as the breakfast burrito or huevos ranchero... They knock the cover off the ball.  The green chil pork in the huevos rancheros is fantastic and keeps me coming back for it.
3	The banana fosters pancakes are a decadent dessert for breakfast.When we travel we like to spoil ourselves and go out to breakfast.  The Breakfast Club is a fun place with an 80s vibe.  It has outdoor seating and is dog friendly.  Which is one of the main reasons why we go because our little pup can join us.  There's an extensive breakfast menu and full coffee bar to choose from.My husband had the huevos ranchero, which he loved.  The Banana Fosters Pancakes were good - but you have to be in the mood for sweet and indulgent.  It's topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  I have also had the Challah French Toast. It was too sweet and rich for me but I know it's would be a favorite amongst the kids.  It's a place that we'll revisit again.
5	Out of ALL meals in a day, a hot, yummy, and healthy breakfast is my favorite. My girlfriends and I arrived to the Breakfast Club, located in lovely old town Scottsdale on a Saturday afternoon. Yes, it wasn't quite morning. We had visited the nearby clubs the night before, thus really craving some nourishment to lesson the groggy hangover feeling. We walked in and to my surprise, the restaurant was rather small, open, and casual. We were immediately seating and brought H20. I  ordered my much needed coffee and started glancing over the menu. The prices were very reasonable and the selection descriptions were elaborate.I took my time, sipping my water, chatting with my ladies, and observing others. This place definitely had a cool energy to it. My steaming cup of coffee arrived and I reached for the sugar caddy, hoping it carried splenda. To my delight, this place had stevia, which was actually very impressive because most restaurants, in my opinion, or sorta cheap and rarely supply anything other than cancer causing equal, sweet-n-low, or belly bloating sugar. The fact that they had stevia was just, awesome.After indulging in my delicious coffee and studying the menu's selections, I decided to stick to something simple. My friends and I were going to be out and about all day, and I didn't want anything super fatty to weigh me down. I opted for the "quick" option. Two eggs, toast, bacon, and fruit. I wanted more protein and less PIG, so i ordered cottage cheese instead of the greasy bacon.Thinking my meal would be bland, I didnt expect to be so impressed when my plate was delivered to me. Super yummy seasonings, appetizing presentation, fresh ripe melon, honey-do, and pineapple, and our server brought us a selection of tabasco sauces which spiced up the meal perfectly.The service, which I should also point out, was sufficient, but not overly friendly. The servers were busy, and from my observation work hard, but dont necessarily go out of their way to be super nice to you. Our server didn't really smile much, but she was attentive. I can't really complain.My morning/afternoon started off great, I thoroughly enjoyed the laid back yet classy atmosphere, most importantly my body felt good and my belly was satisfied. I definitely plan on coming back.
1	I've been to the Breakfast Club dozens and dozens of times, but I will never  go there again. On Saturday, I attempted to go with my husband and 2 friends - and the hostesses wouldn't seat us. My friend and I got there and were told of a 30-40 minute wait. As we were waiting for our husbands to join us, this was no problem for us. Then..they got there, and we still weren't seated. When I went to check with the hostess, my name had been crossed off list. Now, we were waiting by the front door, but I know my name was never called. I was kind, understanding that mistakes are made, and I was informed that we would be seated next. She then proceeded to seat a group of our size that had arrived after us. I went back up to the hostess station and demanded to know why people who had arrived long after us were being seated before us. The hostess lied to me, telling me that she hadn't told me we were to be seated next, but that we were just "coming up." I was shocked that I was getting the runaround, so I took the news back to my group, and as we were discussing whether or not to leave, the hostess seated ANOTHER group of our size that had just arrived instead of us. At this point we got up to leave. The hostess, seeing we were leaving, said "you know you guys are coming up." Whether that was a taunt or what I will never know, but I do know that I will never go there again. It was ridiculous to be treated like a second class citizen while trying to get breakfast. I would rather eat at Denny's, which I loathe, as I know they will at least seat and serve me.
4	It's no great shock that breakfast rocks my culinary world, and The Breakfast Club rocked it, socked it, picked it up and dropped it! I built my own omelet with spinach, mushrooms and turkey sausage folded into 4 light and fluffy egg whites. It was definitely way more omelet than I could chew, but it was cheaper in the end than doing a two egg omelet because it came with potatoes and fresh fruit. Everything was cooked to perfection: Flavorful, but not too heavy for an early morning meal. I washed everything down with some tangy grapefruit juice, which I'll say wasn't as good as I can squeeze at home, so save your $2.50 and perk up with a specialty coffee bev from the espresso bar.
4	Food was good and plentiful.  Had breakfast burrito with green chili sauce - pretty darn good.  The wait and seating is a crapshoot as some that came after got seated before us.
4	I've come here many a time straight off a hike off Camelback Mtn, so yeah, my buddies and I certainly ain't looking pretty.  Never felt slighted.I always get the Quick Start Conscious Breakfast, depending on someone else to order the dessert style breakfasts (Cinn Challah w/ fresh berries.. mmmm) to snag a few forkfuls from there... Today was a first for lunch.. the place was so relaxing and never felt rushed.  The turkey wrap was surprisingly good (not healthy boring), and the sweet potato fries should be the std for all such fries in the valley.  OMG.. I'm ordering that as a side forever more here.
2	As below average as one can expect of any restaurant in South Scottsdale.We wound up here, I don't know how, for breakfast this morning... and let's just say - it was everything I thought it would be.Snooty waitstaff - checkOverpriced completely average food - checkPretentious crowd - checkI got a $10 waffle and a $3 bottle of Figi water.  My husband had a sip of OJ for his $2.50, then spent another $2.50 on coffee (no creamer).  He also had really greasy potatoes and an "eh" omelette (and he is not hard to impress with food).Why two stars?  His fruit was good.  Last I checked, that's thanks to God and good farmers, not snooty Scottsdalites.We won't be back.
4	A delicious, affordable place to go for breakfast...and my favorite part: your pooch can enjoy the patio with you!  Breakfast was very straightforward, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  I chose a short stack of whole wheat pancakes and a side of hashbrowns, while my date chose the cinnamon challah french toast.  My order was perfection simply because of the portion size...the pancakes were much smaller than those in the full order, and came with three.  I was actually able to eat them all instead of wasting a lot, as I normally do with a small appetite...and for $3.50, it was fantastic.  The hashbrowns were also crisp and well seasoned.  As for the french toast, other reviewers have described it, and I agree with them:  a little dry, but nothing a dousing of syrup can't cure.  The crunchy almonds and fresh berries on top are a great touch.My iced vanilla latte was delicious, and my pup enjoyed the misters on the patio.  Definitely recommended.
4	Here's a GREAT choice...$17 buys anything on the menu (tip included). Sample the blueberry pancakes with a hearty side of their bone-in ham steak, bottomless cup of coffee & you're set for the day. Service is ALWAYS prompt & courteous. Conveniently located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.
4	so i've never been to the breakfast club and i have not had the chance to sample the entire menu.  point of fact tho the food i did have rocked!  the wait staff was very attentive even offering to get me a refill of my drink to take with me when we were done.  very nice.  i ate breakfast as that's what you should eat @ a place called the breakfast club.  i also watched like 40 minutes of that movie earlier this morning.  i ate the huevos  con masa, which   jalapeno corn bread with eggs on top and southwestern hollandaise sauce.  very good.  the potatoes were excellent as well.  the crowd was mixed the space was not overcrowded (which was a concern) so we were seated right away.  and i paid 17 bucks which included a 4 dollar tip..... so i'd say the price was also right.  i saw many other items that people had ordered and would not mind sampling more next time i go.  good stuff.... and i'm sure you would agree.
5	Remember: this is the most important meal of the day, Coffee is Bitchen, food is even better! They have great, innovative dishes, using fresh, local ingredients.  I'm not a must for atmosphere Service is ok, could be a little better.   My kids loved the pancakes!  Weekends are very busy expect a long wait.
2	I used to be a HUGE fan of the breakfast club, even when I had to wait in the 100 degree heat with a hangover and now I am not. I have had the eggs Benedict, the breakfast burrito, and the Greek omelet and they are all bland and quite frankly taste the same, even with the red and green sauces on the burrito. I ate there again last weekend (because my boyfriend wanted to) and I had the lox and bagel, which was down right gross. The salmon was the nastiest color and tasted almost as bad. The bagel, was well, a bagel, but not even a good one at that. Next time I am in Scottsdale I will be going elsewhere for breakfast, I'll skip the wait and the bad food.
4	One of my favorite breakfast places.  Heads up, to prevent sticker shock on your check...  Expect $20 per person.  Some people don't think that you should have to pay $20 for breakfast.  Then again, this isn't Denny's.  The food is always delicious.  Try the biscuits and gravy, nothing too complicated.  Most likely, there will always be a wait when you get here.  This is a very popular breakfast place for tourists.  I'm not sure how they find out about it, but you won't find any special priority seating for being a local Scottsdalian.   Enjoy!
4	Pretty basic food choices, but really cute interior. Liking the vibe and the service was excellent.
2	I went for the eggs benedict. Very disappointed.They use a thick slice of virginia smoked ham, and it was quite greasy.The hollandaise was broken and curdled, and way too spicey. The poached eggs were cooked in too hot of water, the whites were quite rubbery.The service was good, but aloof.Waitresses wear tight black pants. Some of them even look good in them.
3	As a guy who has spent many a day hunched over a metal bowl with a heat gun roasting his own coffee beans like a heroin addict cooking smack, I am not typically over enthusiastic about a restaurant's coffee.  Breakfast club is doing their java right, and they even have a separate coffee bar, which is nice given how long you typically have to wait for a table.  Sadly their food is really average. It's better than a chain restaurant, but not by much. All in all an OK meal. I suppose my expectations were a little high given how much my friends overhyped the place.  I'll be back for the coffee bar, but won't stay for the food.  As a warning to others, the infamous Scottsdale doucher community is out in full here. Lot's of comically large fake tits on 115 pound women, popped collars, and Ed Hardy shirts.  If you are a douche who likes so-so food, you'll love being seen at breakfast club, otherwise head over to somewhere that is actually cool like Over Easy or La Grande Orange.
4	Went here for breakfast during MLB spring training. It was busy, but that was expected because I'm pretty sure that's the busiest time of the year for Scottsdale. We yelped this place before-hand and walked over here from our hotel, checked out the menu and decided to go with this place. The wait to be seated was about 15 minutes. The place itself was super cozy. They had a little barista in the back to grab coffee while you waited. I ordered the Bello Bene which was their vegetarian option for the eggs benedict. It had portabella mushroom, hollandaise, and bordelaise sauce on an english muffin with of course eggs. Yum, the sauces were delicious. My mouth waters when I think about it. It also comes with homestyle potatoes and cantaloupe. I was craving a waffle, so I ordered a regular belgian waffle with just butter and syrup...$7. A little on the pricey side for a regular ass waffle if you ask me, but regardless it was good.Would I come here again? Sure. It was better than US egg (another breakfast spot in Scottsdale). It was also very convenient, within walking distance from our hotel and to the stadium.
2	TBC has become a bit of a Scottsdale landmark over the past few years...I use it as a navigation landmark when I have people meeting me in town."Go north on Scottsdale Road and if you see 75 hung over people dressed in Affliction tee shirts and sequined mini-dresses, standing on a street corner waiting for a mediocre breakfast, you've gone too far...in so very many ways".I live (for another few weeks, at any rate) pretty close to TBC and yet, I don't really "go to there" very often (or at all) if I can avoid it.I just don't look good in Affliction...or a sequined mini-dress.In addition, the food and service have left me cold (much like my last omelet at TBC a few weeks ago) on my infrequent visits.But the amusement factor provided by TBC is (for me at least) quite high, and for that, I'm grateful!I've been twice in the past year...once for lunch, out of renewed curiosity (I was headed to another spot for lunch and saw a couple reading a menu outside another restaurant and discussing their lunch preferences in loud Scottish accents "I dinna want a fookin TACO, Angela...I wanna go to the fookin Breakfast Club!").That was almost a year ago...and I went once for breakfast, recently, because the Beautiful Carin likes TBC.And what Carin wants, Carin gets!But both visits featured mediocre food (esp. for the price) and mediocre service (at any price).My last visit also featured an apparently broken exhaust duct that runs under the booths at the north end of the place.Hot, humid cooking exhaust, coming up through the seams in the upholstery, steamy cooking aroma's wafting around me from below...I was about to call Guinness because I thought I was setting a new world record for sustaining a fart!But the aromatic breeze didn't stop! And even though I'm close to senility, I eventually realized that it wasn't me!Our server was uninterested in this turn of events (when I let her know what was happening)...apparently I'm past the age when a 22 year old "model" (who happens to be slingin' hash) needs to pay any attention to me...even when they are theoretically being paid to do so!Maybe she wasn't being paid enough to listen to me...that's probably why some hookers get $2-3,000 an hour...to listen...bareback.At any rate, I was going to add a star to my review, since the warm air enema felt so darn nice, but what other restaurant can compete with that?It wouldn't be fair!TBC is clearly a club that doesn't need me as a member, and I'm OK with that.
2	Don't waste your time! There is nothing unique or special here except the cute wait staff.  But if you're looking for good food, walk on bye
3	The breakfast club is definitely a great stand-by for good brunch food.  My personal favorite is the Turkey Bene, I really appreciate how great their hollandaise sauce is.  Also, the portions are great for the price.I see this situation so often though where the food is great, but the service is pretty crappy.  The last time I went to the BClub was on a Sunday, which of course is their busiest day.  Our server didn't make eye contact with us for the first half of the meal.  Not even a smile.  I get it, Sundays probably suck to work as a brunch server...but hey, no one is forcing you to work here.  Put on your smile, and get through it.If you want a conveniently located brunch place with good food, and you don't mind a wait, check this place out...just don't expect bubbly servers.To improve the experience, stop by the bungalow across the street for a mimosa during your wait.
4	We came here for breakfast on Saturday morning and we were very pleased with the meal and the service! I had the lox and bagels. The salmon was very fresh and there was enough to top both halves of the bagel. My boyfriend got the Huevos Rancheros and this was absolutely delish. The waitress recommended it and he was glad he ordered it. It was spicy and there was a TON of pork. The prices were pretty reasonable. I would definitely recommend checking this place out for breakfast, they have a lot of different options on the menu.
4	I had the Belgian Buckwheat waffles and they were cooked to perfection!   Crispy on the outside with butter! Coffee was delicious.  You need to go to know!
2	I had such high hopes. The Breakfast Club looks so CUTE and DELICIOUS on the outside. and there's all those happy people eating on the tables out front. WHAT COULD GO WRONG? ok ok ok so I went in pretty hung-over hoping to get a Mimosa to numb the pain a little but they don't have booze. We should have just left but the group figured that "ehhhhh we're here we might as well?"K so then we go to our table and the waitress takes FOREVER to come to our table and offer us water. Wait for water? Really? In Arizona? Does that seem right to you? Bring us water! Right away! Thirsty people are unhappy people.Anyways just to torture us our waitress is all over the table next to us and those customers even go "oh we get the BEST service here" while we are sitting are there all unhappy without beverages and food. suckey.K so there's that u know which was not really cool. Then I mean the food comes. takes a while which isn't really shocking consider the lag to just get us water and coffee. I ordered 2 eggs scrambled with some feta cheese [my idea to add in cause I'm creative]  along with some nice thick bacon and some fruit and toast and shizzz. It was all ok, I mean I didnt order anything to crazy. There bacon was very tasty though.  All my friends that I went with got way more exotic breakfast stuff then me but I dunno it all looked a lot better then it tasted- which was a let down. Everything was just kinda blah. I mean my order was sorta blah, but the non-blah orders still tasted blah. BLAH!I just... yeah. I just really wasnt that impressed. I'm trying to think of something nice to say besides the bacon was good and the oj looked tasty. I got nothing, All in all Breakfast club was kinda expensive for what it was [mediocre food] and it was just, forgettable....
3	Good food, snobby staff... nothing outstanding about this place.
5	Breakfast here was so great... I had the jalepeno biscuits with sausage gravy, 2 scrambled eggs, fresh fruit and home fries - soooo good. Add the chipotle hot sauce they bring to the table and it is an absoultely perfect breakfast! We may even go back again before we leave Scottsdale! This is a must for anyone wanting a tasty southwestern breakfast in Scottsdale. Food and service were great - but the creativity and execution of the menu was oustanding.
4	Huevos con masa.  That dish absolutely rocked.  The chiles, the cornbread, the queso sauce, now that was the way to start the day.  Great service, too.
4	I love the breakfast burrito. I mean its excellent. I get it smothered in pork green chili. Whew!  Today I am getting the also lovely jalapeno biscuts n gravy w/eggs. Never a bad visit. Always @ the last minute
3	Good food.  Service is OK, not outstanding.  Huevos con masa - amazing.
3	I've eaten here too much, they don't have many vegetarian options and the tomato soup is ridiculously bad.Go to "Daily Dose" a few blocks south and you'll be much happier. "Bacon" was also nearby and so much better, but they didn't make it.  Even a restaurant named "Bacon" had more vegetarian options. Not sure why this place draws the crowds anymore, it just doesn't stack up.
4	We came upon this place accidentally through yelp....and are sooo happy we did.While there seems to always be a long wait....20-30 minutes both mornings we came, it is worth it.  Though I'd have to say that our first experience was WAY BETTER than our second, though it was extraordinarily busy that second time. As a first timer I was overwhelmed with my delicious choices.... though my husband quickly narrowed my options claiming that one of us was going to get the french toast and the other the omelet.  Being that I'm more of a savory than sweet person, I picked an omelet--within his "no red meat or pork limitations" in mind.  I opted for the Bird:  turkey, mushroom, and boursin cheese with sliced avocado on top.  When breakfast came, we were beyond drooling and ready for our feast.  I immediately smeared a little cream cheese on my everything toasted bagel and took a bite...not a new york bagel, but this is az.  Then I turned my attention to the omelet....overfilled with freshly shaved thick cuts of moist turkey!!! I almost didn't want to share, but luckily it was big enough, and with the bagel and all ;)   Next to the omelet were their O'Brien potatoes...omg, the tri-colored roasted peppers sauteed with the potatoes were full of fresh bright flavors; these I refused to share!  There were also three or four big hunks of fruit on the plate, though I never got to the healthy stuff.My husband, as promised, ordered the Cinnamon Challah French toast.  He enjoyed it, though I found the thickness of the bread to be lacking completely.  Being a Jew from New York, I have partaken in many a Challah french toasts and the thickness is of vital importance...1 1/2 to 2" thick is perfect...you get the soft, eggy fluffiness of the center and the crispy buttery crunch on the outside....with a thin cut peice of challah...your missing the eggy fluffiness, and it sometimes just gets limp under the syrup; which it did.  The candied nuts and fruit, however, make up a little bit for that limpness, as it added texture!Overall, we felt we would return, and even did the next day.  And while the service and food were not as good as the first time; ~~when is it ever?  We'd still return!
4	We had build your own omelettes. They were great, not too greasy but fluffy and light.  Their hash browns melt in your mouth yet maintain the crispiness.  They also have delicious jalapeno biscuits those were very good also. Overall one of the better breakfasts I have had.
5	O-M-Goodness! What luck to have eaten here for breakfast!! Huge portions served with fresh fruit slices or mixed berries. Great service and very nice to sit on the porch under the heat towers as it was a cold morning. The only downside was there were so many good things it was hard to choose!
5	This place was nothing short of awesome!! The cinnamon French toast was wonderful & the omelette (we got the wild hog) was huge & delicious! Nicole was a great server. Made great menu suggestion and was very nice! A must-visit place for great breakfast!
4	The Breakfast Club is as good as you'll find. The blueberry pancakes are superb, their coffee is beyond description. For a change of pace, try their Eggs Benedict, Southwestern style. A GREAT spot within walking distance...a beauty.
5	Best breakfast in Scottsdale, AZ period! Karen and I always look forward to going to eat at the Breakfast Club in our annual Spring Training trip. Great foods and great services, highly recommend to others. Blue Crab Egg Benedict are the main reason why we go there.Go A's!
4	I went with my friends for brunch New Years and this place was nicely packed, the wait wasn't that long. I ordered the Whole Hog omelette and it was good and meaty. It was a huge portion size; I couldn't finish the whole thing. The Bar Harbour flapjacks were really delicious too with their berry puree to top it off. My friend got the Bird, the other omelette I was thinking about ordering, and he gave me a taste of it and I knew I should have ordered that. It was really good. I'll be sure to order that next time I go there.
3	This is a solid place for breakfast. Better than Denny's and Waffle House but it doesn't match up with Joe's Dinner or Over Easy and for the same prices.  I had their flap jacks and two eggs over easy with a side of bacon.  All good but nothing to rave about.  My friend had their whole hog omelet, which is what I might order on my next visit.
3	I love John Hughes movies, but this Breakfast Club did not live up to its namesake. The eggs were serviceable, but the potatoes O'Brian (I learned a new thing here!) were nothing special--kind of soft and oily, with large chunks of pepper. The jalepeno biscuits, which sounded conceptually grand, were not quite what I'd call a biscuit. They were tough, unflavorful little disks with jalepenos baked in. The heuvos rancheros looked like something my cat barfed up, however, they tasted fine, according to my breakfastmate. Overall, I think this was a shade greasier than we were expecting. And outdoor seating is nice, but a mixed bag when abutting a busy road. The service was good, but something about the waitresses reminded me of the Stepford Wives.
5	if you don't know, you better ask somebodayyy!BEST brunch ever! the steak &eggs is freaking delicious! The plate comes with fresh fruit, toast and obrien potatoes (BOMB). My friends ordered the buckwheat pancakes and LOVED them. The service is awesome too. fyi... On weekends, prepare to wait at least half an hr before being seated. This place is packed! Parking is okay.
3	I expected great things about this place and was disappointed - maybe because we came for lunch instead of breakfast?   I ordered the BLT - probably my most favorite sandwhich - how could you mess it up?  Well, I will give props - the sandwhich was good - lots and lots of bacon, fresh tomato and lettuce.  the bread was typical nothing fancy there.   I am most disappointed in the sweet potato fries - they were sooo bland - I couldn't even tell I was eating a sweet potato.  I ate ONE fry and not one more.  Just because sweet potato fries are so trendy doesn't mean everyone should try to serve them.   The service was ok - nothing great - we had a table of 6 and it was the tail end of lunch, so the place wasn't busy.   the main complaint is that we were having a discussion about a friends dislike of eggs - when the waitress chimmed in and said "yeah, I hate eggs - maybe because i work in a breakfast place and I know what happens with eggs".....did I mention that one of us at the table was eating eggs???     Well she put her fork down after that comment.   Not so smart there....I won't be going back - not because it was so terrible, but since it was so bland!
4	Delicious non-franchised breakfast place in a hip Old Town Scottsdale area.  In a sea of franchise-dom that is Phoenix metropolitan area it is hard to find good, non-farmed/chicken/cow or whatever themed breakfast joint.  The Breakfast Club happens to be a rare gem in a prime location.  Is the food the absolute best you will find...no, that title is reserved for Matt's Big Breakfast.  But, the food quality and selection and atmosphere are well above average and a solid 4 star'r and blow any chained breakfast joint out of the water.  When the weather permits sitting outside is enjoyably boisterous and always entertaining via people watching.
3	This was my second trip here and both times I've been pleased but not overly impressed. The food is good, the service is good, the selection is good; I'd sum up that in general, it was 'good'. Not great, not amazing, not knock my socks off, but definitely 'I'll come back here again for breakfast'. Maybe I need to branch out of my comfort zone and try something different there, but honestly I'm a big fan of eggs, bacon, toast and hash browns. In that spirit I ordered the Quick Start Breakfast and everything came out as I'd ordered it, the Orange Marmalade was very good (if a little too sweet rather than fragrant) and the iced green tea is a very refreshing option especially here in the desert. It's a cute (if basic) atmosphere and I really like how they put alot of their menu up on the chalkboard above the coffee bar, it looks very hip and colorful. I definitely wouldn't sit and wait if there was a wait, when we came it was 9ish on a Monday so it was pretty easy to get a table.
4	I really enjoyed this place, it wasn't the best breakfast and I'd be happy to try a new place when I'm in town but I'd certainly be happy to come back.  I sat at the bar and the lady working was nice and funny.  I liked it, the breakfast burrito was good, not special, but certainly good.
3	The food was good, but the service really made the experience an average one at best.  I had the breakfast burrito with chorrizo, and I have to admit, it was really good.  I still cant get over how long it took to get my water glass refilled, however.  I almost started drinking the ketchup!  If the service was better, this would be the ideal breakfast spot!
3	The Breakfast Club usually has long lines outside the window as you are going through Scottsdale Rd in Old Town Scottsdale.  I had a visitor in town, so I wanted to see what all the hype was all about.  The place is kind of small, so it has partial explanation of why it is so busy.  We came on Presidents Day, and I forgot that many people would have the day off.  The wait wasn't horrible, as we waited about 30 minutes.  While we were waiting, we had an opportunity to buy some coffee at the coffee bar.  As we entered, the interior looked very busy.  There was a long table where we sat, and there was another couple sitting on the other edge of the table.  This is the first time I have shared seats with some one at a restaurant.I ordered mushroom eggs benedict that came with potatoes.  My friend ordered a chocolate chip Belgian Waffle.  My food was good with decent portion, but my friend just got one small waffle for $8.  You could have gotten 6 Eggo Waffles for $4.  The quality is not comparable, but it doesn't make sense why she did not get eggs or potatoes.  We had a tough hike ahead, and it wasn't enough food.  I gave her the potatoes to fill up extra carbs and starch.  I would come here again, but I don't think it lives up to the hype or long waits.
4	Went to The Breakfast Club a couple of weeks ago for lunch with a few of my Girlfriends. Place is really nice, clean and welcoming. Food was really good and the portions were huge. I ended up taking 1/3 of my omelet to go. server was nice and attentive. Only downside is the parking (in the back and limited) and that fact that the first one to arrive from our party was told that she can not be sited until all arrived (she had to sit at the tiny bar). Will definitely go again and you should try it too.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed this place. We went today around 10 a.m. this morning. We were quoted 40 minutes and waited about that. Prepare to wait because this place is always packed. I was really impressed by the service. The hostesses knew what every single person on their extremely long list looked like. There was no annoying, loud screaming of names or stupid buzzer things. They personally walked up to each person to take them to their seats. It was refreshing. The tables turned really quickly and were promptly cleaned and re-sat within minutes. The service inside was just as good. We were greeted right away and ordered. The food didn't take forever and was DELICIOUS. I can honestly say it was the best eggs benedict I've ever had. The portions were huge for the price. Our coffees and waters will filled before they were even close to being empty. The place runs like a well-oiled machine. Its no surprise they are always as busy as they are. I plan on talking my family here when they come out for spring training. If you are coming from out of town I highly recommend you check it out.Oh and bonus points for the large television playing the Syracuse game.
2	Had breakfast here, thought it was going to be a treat since there were all these people waiting out front and there was a 20 min wait for a table inside.  I ordered the wild mushroom omelet and my friend ordered the blt with cottage cheese since they didn't serve sweet potato fries yet apparently.  (I wasn't too impressed with the menu selections either btw, there was like 5 salads and 6 sandwiches for lunch, but i guess it is BREAKFAST club)The omelet wasn't very good - I'm not sure if it was because I should've ordered a meat along with the mushroom or the 1/4 lb brick of cheese inside but overall it was bland and the cheese was just ridiculous even after I pulled the excess goo out.  No amount of ketchup, salsa, Tabasco or Patio could salvage it.  My friend was nice enough to trade with me halfway through and the BLT was ok, but I gotta say this even though it feels wrong - there is too much bacon.  There would be a pile of 5 strips of thick sliced bacon in each bite and whereas I do love bacon, it was a bit overpowering.  Not to mention, between each slice was a thick layer of grease which made me wonder if they cooked it in layers in the oven???  Anyways, after I pulled out all but 2 layers the balance seemed restored AND my friend got some meat for the omelet.  All in all - the service was great, the hash browns were good and I loved the strips of red and yellow peppers in it, but did not like the menu selections which were pretty limited and the entrees.  The omelet had more cheese than egg, and the BLT had more bacon than LT and bread combined.
4	By FAR one of my favorite places to have breakfast. The intimate setting gives off the "mom and pop" breakfast joint feel you might find in a beach town. The menu accomodates for the health-conscious but breakfast-loving eater. The only reason why I knocked it down a point is the wait. Unless you go during the weekdays or early morning on the weekends, expect to wait upwards to 45 minutes. My suggestions... their egg white omelets and for those coffee lovers, you HAVE to try the BC coffee!
4	The Breakfast Club's plate of huevos rancheros is bigger than anything anyone should ever eat in the morning. I ate it. Half of it, that is.It's essentially a giant tortilla filled with what looked to be 5-6 scrambled eggs, black beans, avocado, fresh salsa and green chili pork. I could have split this with three people and still been full. The whole menu looked awesome, including the drinks like fresh squeezed juice and hot bevvies from their coffee bar. I just got a regular coffee, and refills were brought promptly by our server.Lindsey F. and I hung out on the sidewalk patio, which was the way to go on a sunny morning. It was busy for a Wednesday I thought, and it was pretty loud inside. There was a short wait for an outdoor table, but they had a couple of their "community seating" spots available when I came in. That's where you sit with another group at the same table. They won't seat you until your whole party is on the premises either, so make sure you don't have late-comers on a busy weekend morning. I'm sure this place gets packed.
4	I think they made me a 23-egg omelet. It was honestly enough for four people, but it was delicious so I may have eaten two peoples' shares. I customized my own with spinach and mushrooms, and the innards were cooked perfectly. The omelet could have been fluffier, but I imagine it take some time to flip an omelet that weighs 2 lbs. I also had some biscuits which were covered in some of the richest gravy I have ever eaten. I didn't touch the potatoes on the side because I was too full from eating everything else.The best part of the this restaurant, in my opinion, is the coffee bar that is attached to the restaurant, but accessible through a side door. This really helps with the early morning wait. Simply ingenious.
3	Not too bad, my mom friends and I came here for breakfast and had to wait over half an hour for a table (I understand we have four babies total but come on, they wouldn't even let us push two tables together outside). The food was ok priced and pretty good, but their menu was pretty small. The waitress was really nice and we all left full, but I will probable never come here again...just ok.
4	you goot try the iced cafe breve (2 shots of espresson and about 8 oz of half half) very decadent, it tasted like a coffee milk shake!the have outdoor/indoor seating and a bar area that you can order smooths, coffee, food to gothis place is pretty popular, lots of young people trying to look beautiful and cool!
3	The Breakfast Club has very good food. Unfortunately, it's really slow as it's perpetually packed. It's also fairly loud and has a plain vanilla rectangualr architecture. (Sorry, I hope I do not offend some design wizard!)This place is a little spendy, but certainly cheaper the the resorts nearby where folks can walk from.
4	Great breakfast: ample, in expensive in a bustling environment. A little skinny on hot tea selections.I'll be here again.
4	Visited here on a weekend trip to spring training. The food was wonderful and I especially enjoyed the fresh fruit that accompanies each dish.I had the chorizo breakfast burrito which I recommend highly. We waited on a Saturday morning for about an hour so don't expect to just show up and get a table. Be prepared to wait but in my opinion it's worth it.
1	We waited over an hour for a table. The hostesses were beyond rude. The food was ok but definitely not worth the wait. Don't waste your time!
3	I am glad that I remembered this place for brunch this past Saturday because it was good food and I love the atmosphere in the area as well.  I went with my BF and we put our name in, got some coffee and was seated quicker than the time the originally gave us, which is great in my book.  I had the breakfast burrito with chorizo.  I wasnt a fan of it, it was good but not GREAT.  The chorizo really lacked flavor and punch...maybe I am use to the chorizo I get back home.  My bf had pancakes with ice cream on top of it and it looked amazing and he loved it.I would come back and probably will to try some of there other things.  This is not a place to go to thinking you will get in and out quick, there are almost always people waiting but the walk around Old Town Scottsdale is worth it.
4	The food is good and the location is perfect. A solid breakfast spot in Oldtown. Everything on the menu looks fantastic. I went the healthy route this morning and went with the Quick Start Conscious. 4 egg whites, broccoli, tomato, fruit and cottage cheese. Phenomenal for a healthy breakfast out.   Breakfast club also brews a pretty solid cup of coffee that gives me a pretty good buzz for only having two cups.The only real negative is the outside seating. It seemed good in theory on a cool day in Scottsdale with temperatures only in the seventies. However, being right on Scottsdale Road, it was hard to hear the people I was eating with because of all the passing traffic. I'd advise that anyone dining here eat inside (where it unfortunately can also be a little loud since the place is always busy).
3	Why the HECK do people stand in line for so long to eat this food?On a corner in old town scottsdale is this seemingly cute local joint for breakfast.  Under the awnings outside,  you see people waiting in line, lounging around, waiting for a table.  Wow, with these reviews and that line, the food must be great!  You give the friendly waitress your name and wait.  It's old town, so the wait is pleasurable; with your estimated wait time, you can walk around, enjoy the sights and gorgeous waterfront area, and meander back, grab a drink...in all honesty, the wait, even at an hour, goes well because there is enough to see and do.Once you get inside you begin to realize that this place isn't that special.   Tables and chairs in a casual area.  Denny's has more comfortable benches, those these natural tree table tops look much cooler.  Your waitress is super friendly and you love the quick service, after you figure out that the girl in the VS sweatpants really does work there and will be serving your food.  The glittery PINK pants make it easy to find her when you want a refill anyway, although she's super fast and never leaves you with an empty glass.The menu has many options, so perhaps you should give other options a try.  If you go with the traditional eggs, meat, toast, you won't get anything special.  In fact, your food at home probably tastes better, except you wouldn't put such pretty slices of fruit arranged just so  on your own plate at home.  The omelette is good, but seriously, were you that lazy that you preferred to wait for an hour and spent $6 for a basic nothing-special concoction?When the bill comes, you're happy that the damage isn't bad and you can walk over to Nordstrom guilt free... but next time you're hungry in the morning after a run through old town, perhaps you'll just wait for Nordstrom to open and have one of their amazing meals instead.
3	Food is good. The servers are nice, but the service is a little slow. Don't go if you are in a hurry.
3	Went here for spring training, the portions are HUGE! (My friend ordered an omelet). I ordered a traditional benedict. The hollandaise was a little liquidity and my egg was poached just a little too much (the yolk didn't spill) so I wasn't crazy about my breakfast, but it wasn't bad.
3	This is a fun and fresh breakfast restaurant. It gets really busy and they don't have a huge space to work with so if you are going on a weekend, prepare to wait. The menu is pretty reasonable, only a little bit more expensive than your average breakfast restaurant. It's so funny how the mood in Scottsdale changes from Tempe...it seems like a lot of the customers of this restaurant have a more snobbish attitude...it's like hello, you're paying ten bucks for breakfast, not $100 so stop looking at us like we can't afford to eat here. Uggg...but what you can you do about ignorant people? So, back to the food...my favorite item on the menu here is the Chocolate Chip Pancakes. It's funny because I don't usually eat these but they are so great from here! Fluffy pancakes with just the perfect amount of chocolate. Yum-O!
4	On a recent trip to Scottsdale, we walked over to the Breakfast Club every morning for breakfast. I would dare to say that you would have a tough time finding something not to like here. I tried something different every day and was never disappointed. By far the most impressive item was the jalapeno biscuits and gravy with fontina cheese. We got an order for the table to share, and they didn't last long! There is typically quite a wait at the door, and they don't serve alcohol, so don't count on bloody's or mimosas. Don't let that discourage you, though. The Breakfast Club is worth the wait, and sobriety.
4	Quickstart breakfast of 2 eggs,2 strips of bacon, cranberry bread toast (sooooo yummy) and fruit for $5.99. Can't beat it'
4	This is a great restaurant with fantastic breakfast cuisine. My only complaint was the wait but that is to be expected on a weekend. Once we were seated, our server was prompt and the food was brought out very quickly. We had the pancakes and wild mushroom omelette (with avocado!) It was delicious, we will definitely return to The Breakfast Club!
4	Best breakfast ever!! Has a very long line around  9:30
5	The potatos are sprinkled with fairy dust (or perhaps a healthy pat of butter) with a nice punch and multiple hued bell peppers.  I ordered the chipotle laced hollandaise on the "traditional" eggs benedict.  On the menu they'd mentioned the virginia ham - and it was worthy of special recognition.  My friend had an omlette - every bite oozing with cheese.  She raved about the potatos as well.  All in all - LOVED IT! Loved the name, loved the minimalist decor, loved being close enough to walk off the cholesterol coma with a brisk walk through beautiful old town Scottsdale
3	Food is completely average but they get much love from me because they have the best chai I have ever had in my whole life.  If there is a wait, grab a chai to go and skip down the street to a better breakfast.
2	Meh. My friend i was visiting in Scottsdale may have ruined it for me because she talked this place up, way too high! I was just expecting to be wowed, and i was definitely not:( I was how ever impressed with how fast the service was and how quickly our food came out but it was bland bland bland. I played it safe and went with a break fast sandwich and a side of fruit. Fruit, A-ok. Sandwich, dry english muffin, over cooked egg (i wasn't even asked how i wanted it) A LOT of cheese, which is great because i love cheese more than anything - but even i thought it was a little over kill. I can't even remember if there was meat on the sandwich now that i think about it. I'm sure there was, but like i said - not wowed, i could have made that myself at home and it probably would have tasted a hellova lot better. :-/ Fast service. Easy menu....
4	Ordered the turkey egg benedict. Holendaise sauce was different and very good. Had a little spice to it. Breakfast potatoes were very good. Good service.
2	Very disappointing. Hardly any wait, and now I know why. We went a couple years ago when it first opened and had great food, but it has really gone downhill.THE FOOD: Biscuits and Gravy. The biscuits are listed as jalapeno, but there was no jalapeno flavor at all. The gravy was decent. The roasted potatoes were not cooked enough and were too raw to cut with a fork.The Benedict with crab. Obviously canned crab meat, and the hollandaise had a day-glo orange look to it, almost as if it had been made with Tang. The hollandaise flavor was off as well. And again, the same with the potatoes.Belgian waffle. Decent. It's kind of hard to screw up a waffle. SERVICE: The service was good. Attentive without being annoying.It is definitely a place where the annoying of Scottsdale seem to flock to. I was expecting to see cameras come in to film an episode of Real Housewives of Scottsdale.We won't be back.
4	The Challah Bread French Toast was unique.   A good menu with items that are not associated with the normal "breakfast place."  Busy place but efficient and friendly.  I would love to go back again if I make it back in the area from Chicago.
5	Everything here rocks!  Excellent java...iced or hot and they will give you a roader...I had eggs over medium...cooked perfect with a nice buttery taste, a crazy great piece of grilled turkey...IDK what it was but so darn tasty, fresh fruit and the cranberry toast...oooo I want it now!!!My mates had choc chip pancakes and they were tasty, fluffy and so yummy!  The home fries were awesome as well...this was a fantabulous foodtastic time!
4	We thought this place was great. They had really great omelets and the coffee was strong! There was a wait but it was worth it. The service was great. I had changed my order to substitue the eggs with egg whites and the waitress gave me NO attitude! Really a great little breakfast spot that we just happened to pass by while in Scottsdale!
5	Breakfast simply doesn't get better than this.  Nice place, great coffee, and their steak and eggs is the best in the Valley.  I've never needed more than my fork to cut my steak.  They have a few different 'benedicts' each of which will take you to a culinary place you'll be glad you visited.  Did I mention how good the coffee is ?      Seriously.
3	So, I've been to this place a couple of times.  It is currently going through a renovation, so things are a little tight around there.  It has not stopped the speed that kitchen works though!  I've been 3 times in recent months, and my food came out very quickly.I'm giving this place a 3 because I probably will go back, but I was not happy with the way they do the wait list.  It appeared to me that they were discriminating on people based on the descriptions that they wrote down about each party.  I stood there and watched them for a while pick over some parties and then pick others with the same number of guests in the parties.  It was a little weird.  I want to believe that they were not doing that.  So, perhaps I need to get there on teh weekend at 8am or whatever time they open so I don't have to witness that.Anywhoot, The Whole Hog is my favorite thing on that menu if you want to venture off the beaten path into the artery clogging.  When I have ventured into the high saturated fat realm, I have definitely enjoyed that option!!!
4	Great bfast and even better coffee.  Waiting kinda stinks tho get there early or bake in the sun waiting for a table.  Need more square feet.
4	Went in for the first time today. Place is a work zone but clean. I had Huevos Rancheros. Little different from the usual I am used to but it was good. Really big portion, too much for me and I am a big eater. Food came quickly. Lots of waitresses for the size of the place though I was in early and I think when the outside tables fill up they are all humping.Anyway nice wait staff, good food, clean. Oh and for the men out there the waitresses are all young and attractive. Sooo.... I probably won't make the trip again but if I am in the area I would definatley eat there again.
4	Stopped in amid the hustle and bustle of a restaurant under a large remodel. No worries here. I like the look of the new decor. The booths are roomie and comfy, the tables appear a little bigger and the interior seems brighter. My gf ordered the Turkey Benedict. She thought it was "great". It was perfectly spicy, and the Hollandaise was very good.I had the Huevos Rancheros. I have had it twice before, and it is consistently good. It could be a tad hotter, or spiced up, but I like my food hot. Like 10 out of 10 hot. Not much a gripe, just a preference.Service was great. Server was fun, friendly, and efficient. We always have a good experience at The Breakfast Club.
4	I have been wanting to go here for a long time and I finally got the chance. There was a long line and they dont accept reservations. The portions are huge. The service was good. I think you definitely get the quality and taste you pay for. I ordered the huevos ranchers and I really enjoyed it. I love their fresh juices as well.
2	I came in from NYC this weekend to experience Scottsdale and was taken to The Breakfast Club by a friend who lives in the area. I can honestly say much of my experience here can be best summed up by the word / sound "Meh" I was quoted a wait time of around 10 mins but it ended up being closed to 30 mins. The waitress was ok but not overly attentive. The coffee was alright. I ordered the Huevos rancheros which was actually pretty good. I order this dish whenever I can and this was a great authentic green chili version. I thought the pork was top notch but the egg was entirely too small for the size of the dish. Having enough egg to add to every bite is what makes the dish perfection and this fell a bit short.All and all I think you can easilly get a better breakfast at over easy but it's not in downtown scottsdale. The location was very cool and gave me a nice feel for the city. Bottom-line not the worst place to get breakfast but you could do better.
5	The best breakfast in Scottsdale! Huge portions, not lacking quality in anyway! Service is so nice and coffee delish! the new renovation makes it hip, classy and fun! Love the new "bar"! Lunch is also incredible!!!! You will wait on the weekend for a table, but get a latte at the bar and wait, it's well worth it!!!!! Yum!
5	Great food. Had the blueberry pancakes that aren't too sweet.  Also I tried a bite of huevos rancheros and they were quite good. Tip. This place is packed but no waiting if u ask to sit outside.
5	People that are giving this place only 2 stars are absolutely insane.  This place has the best service.  I went on a sunday morning...got there and they said it was going to be a 25 minute wait...sat at the bar 1 minute there after and immediately had my order taken.  Food came out in less the 5 minutes.  My boyfriend got the quick start fully loaded for just under $8 and no play on words but it was there quickly and it was indeed fully loaded.  This place really knows how to serve a full portion meal for a great price.  I recommend trying any one of the omelets as well because they are big, fluffy, and full of great ingredients.  Everything on the menu seems to come with fruits and potatoes (which come with the best green, yellow, and red peppers ever).  Try this place out the next time you want a great breakfast in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Seeing that my last Breakfast Club review was in February 2009, it's definitely time for an update... since then, I've dined at this restaurant (both for breakfast and lunch) quite a few times.  I have one friend that eats here several times a week and swears by it.  They recently did a renovation and have a ton more space, hence less wait time on busy mornings.  It looks awesome - they have a great counter space, juice bar, brick wall, comfy booths and tables, and bigger bathrooms too.You still get the same variety and quality of menu items since the renovation, but I'm pretty sure their prices went up a bit.  I find almost everything to be moderately priced, but I ordered a large grapefruit juice today without looking at prices and my friend told me that they charged $7 for it.  $7 for a large juice?  Are you kidding?  That's a bit much... even if it was freshly squeezed!A few of my faves on the menu: the fresh start conscious, the oatmeal, the turkey wrap sandwich, and the berry/goat cheese salad.  Servings are large, service is always pretty attentive, and they are fine with substitutions... another perk for me is the location; it's super close to both my home and office making it extremely convenient for breakfast (and lunch) meetings.  Just watch out for the juice prices if you go!
4	I know The Breakfast Club has been here since at least a year or two before I moved from AZ (which was a little over 3 years ago) and I never tried it until this past week when I was in town for the Holidays.  I can remember many a Saturday & Sunday mornings being driven back to Old Town (often times by my mother) to retrieve my car from the night before and always debating on grabbing a hangover breakfast here, but I never did.Anyways, I came here for lunch and I really liked it.  Apparently this place has had a pretty extensive renovation recently and is quite a bit bigger than it once was.  It was crowded and we had a bit of wait for a table (and this was on a Tuesday).  From what I understand this is often times the case here.One of the reasons this place never really tickled my fancy is because something about it just always seemed pretentious for whatever reason, but that's not the case at all.  Sure, the decor is nicer than Denny's but it's still pretty comfortable.  Both the the breakfast & lunch menus sounded delicious & hearty.  I was surprised.  The portions were big & there was several options. I decided to go w/a lunch option (the grilled chicken sandwich), and it was delicious.  It came w/sweet potato fries, which were good.  Between the sandwich and the fries there was quite a bit of food on my plate for only about $8.  Most of the breakfast & lunch items are around &10 and under.  Even though this place isn't pretentious like I thought it would be when I ordered a diet coke our waitress informed me that they only have "natural soda in bottles."  However, I'm giving brownie points because as the waitress was telling me this she rolled her eyes (not at me, but at how ridiculous that is).  Overall, I really enjoyed Breakfast Club and it's a solid breakfast and/or lunch option in Scottsdale.
5	Great food and good juice.  had to wait 30 minutes due to the many people wanting to eat there. fast and good service.  Orange juice was $4 and expense, but worth the price.  good value.
2	After checking out of the hotel from my staycation with the girls we decided to check grab some breakfast here since my friends absolutely love this place. It was super packed and we had to wait almost an hr for a table which was fine with me it gave us a chance to hang outside and people watch :-). We were all starved once we were seated so we ordered right away. I started with coffee and decided to go with one of their club plates that came with eggs, potatoes O' Brien, toast and fruit...for my meat I decided to go with sausage. The plate looked amazing when it came out but I was really disappointed with how bland everything was...the eggs which I requested to be scrambled with cheese were bland, the sausage and potatoes were also blah. I felt like I had all of this food and I was just eating it because I was hungry. The best part of the meal was the toast and the fruit, you can't mess that up! At least the service was decent :-)I may give this place a do over but I may have to come during the week so I don't have to wait an hr for a table.
3	J brought me here for Sunday brunch during my first trip to visit him in Scottsdale. Cute restaurant for brunch, pretty tasty food, and fairly decent prices, though service does leave something to be desired. Also, substitutions are pretty much out of the question.I had the Whole Wheat and Honey Cakes with Vermont Maple Syrup and Butter, with a side of Applewood Smoked Bacon. So simple, yet so delicious. I was in quite a happy state after eating this meal. Full, but oh so happy. I slathered on the butter like there was no tomorrow and full enjoyed my fatty fat fat meal. Boyfriend had traditional eggs benedict which were ok, not the most amazing, but still pretty good (note: I don't eat eggs so I have no idea how the eggs were, but I thought the rest of it was pretty good).Overall, the food was pretty good, so I might come back here again for the pancakes.
5	Love it... Especially the waffles
4	This place is a local gem. While on a trip to Scottsdale had breakfast here two days in a row. Love the fresh squeezed juices and they make a mean cappuccino.  Had the cheese and mushroom omelette the first day which was good but not a lot of taste. The second day had a veggie scramble that was fantastic.  Be prepared to wait as this is a very popular place.
4	Love, love, love the new look after the remodeling. And the place is more than twice the size of what it was before! No more long lines, even during tourist season.  Same great food and service are still there.
3	I had the beef hash for breakfast which initially was very tasty but developed a sort of sweet taste which was odd.  The potatos were very good and the fresh orange juice was great.
2	Ok food, found a hair on my honey dew melon slice, disgusting. $4.50 for a glass of cranberry juice. Nothing spectacular. Rather try something else.
4	After deciding that we really just wanted some breakfast at 12pm, we stopped in here on our way to do some shopping at the Fashion Mall around the corner. The place seemed relatively busy which I think is always a good sign. We were seated promptly and our server was at our table shortly after that. We sat outside along Scottsdale Road. It was pretty loud, but it was also great to people watch! I couldn't believe how quickly our food came out! And it was really delicious! I had the Bird Omelette, which had avocado, turkey, Boursin cheese and mushrooms stuffed inside. My meal also came with pan fried potatoes and huge, fresh hunks of fruit. I couldn't finish, so I saved the fruit and potatoes for later. My Mom ordered a traditional breakfast with bacon, eggs, toast, potatoes and fruit. It was also massive and she said it was very good. Our server was excellent. She was friendly, prompt and professional. I would recommend this place for anyone looking to people watch and not looking to pay astronomical prices for breakfast in Scottsdale.
1	I was a sub contractor on the new breakfast club construction project for the owner in downtown Phoenix. The owner has refused to pay the General contractor the retention on this project. Every sub and small trade on this job is owned money by a greedy owner who is acting unethical. Until he does the right thing and pays the retention out on his new building so that all the people who worked hard on this project can get paid what is owed, maybe then we can afford breakfast. Please help us stand up for small business and think twice about giving your business to a man who hurts other small business by not paying them what he owes. God bless.
5	One of my favorites where I know I will always love my meal- breakfast all-day or lunch! I work nearby so I also pick up the yummy, yummy spring berry salad with tuna or delicious pine crusted chicken.  My favorites are a build your own omelette with a huge variety of options, French toast, turkey rueben with sweet potato fries and the above mentioned berry salad with pine crusted chicken.The servers sometimes have what I will call an "i'm Hip, Scottsdale attitude" but they are generally very efficient and attentive (kind of like if you are in NYC). I love the new expanded space and the large counter service.
3	BE WARNED THE FOOD HERE IS GREAT! EXCEPT... The food, at the breakfast club, while all tasty, is not correctly described on the menu. I ordered traditional eggs benedict only to find that they use heavy amounts of curry powder in the hollandaise sauce which causes a very spicy benedict. Also, the biscuit and gravy side, which should have been a no brainer, came with a biscuit covered in some kind of cheese, then smothered with gravy with a spicy chili sauce on top. It appears to all have some kind of eastern influence with the amount of spices used, even though they advertise as traditional American food. The bacon, while pleasing to look at had no real flavor, as if they baked it under a press to absolutely suck out all of the flavor from the bacon and maybe that's how they got the pieces so flat.The waffles we enjoyed were made with buck wheat and were covered with nuts, they were tremendous tasting and left me wanting more. The fresh squeezed (In House) orange juice was one of my highlights for the day and at the bargain price of 7 bucks for a large glass. (If you think that sounds expensive, order orange juice in about any restaurant in Arizona and see that they charge 3.00-5.00 per glass for cheap concentrate)If you're lactose intolerant, I would highly suggest clarifying everything on the menu with the staff that was also very helpful. It appears that some form of cheese gets served on absolutely everything.Would I eat there again? YES, if we show up early around 8:00 am so there's no wait and I would order the waffles or pancakes again in a second.We went to a relatively early breakfast at about 8:30 AM on a Sunday morning and we only had about a 10 minute wait, but when we left around 9:15 ish, there was a 30-45 minute wait. Why would anyone wait an hour to eat breakfast?
4	LOVE The Breakfast Club!  I must admit that my whole life was spent going to greasy spoon restaurants for breakfast...  Until I met a friend who is an interior designer.  She suggested that I get away from my backwoods grass roots and go to brunch somewhere that has "real" food.  The only reasons why it got 4 instead of 5 stars: Going to The Breakfast Club for Saturday brunch is not a good idea when you are starving.  Chances are you will have about a 30+ minute wait, but the wait is well worth it.  Also, you can't sit on the patio and drink alcohol.  Which really sucked when after a 45 minute wait we were seated, handed our menu's, got comfortable, and then were told that we had to move inside if we were going to drink mimosas.  This was the only bad experience in the 10+ times we have been there since.Good:  When we walked into The Breakfast Club, I could see why my interior designer friend loves this place.  Simplistic design keeps it clean and feeling uncrowded, even when every seat in the house is full (and this place can hold a LOT of people for its size.)  The food is amazing, and although I have tasted other items on the menu I order the biscuits and gravy and a mimosa or two every time we go.  The staff is cute, friendly and attentive and everything is a decent price.
1	It's the only possible explanation for this place.Why would anyone spend ten minutes looking for a parking spot a half mile away, stand in line for forty-five minutes among a gaggle of droopy-eyed young people whose faces are wearing the previous night's story, only to have the effort rewarded with extremely slow service and mediocre food?I think it's called "misery loves company."Well I'm pretty miserable most mornings, but I don't feel the need to make my miserable worse by standing in a line gawking at others equally as miserable, eating food that's miserable, and becoming even more miserable after my server, who I think may be related to David Copperfield, mysteriously vanishes, only to reappear with a smile and a check. Here's a tip Breakfast Club. Hangovers require water.Lots and lots of water.
3	ugghhhhh Breakfast club-  why did you change the most homey, comforting, warm breakfast spots in the Phoenix area??? "WHY"  Grandiose visions- now it' cold and corporate!  the locals are just programmed- sheep!  I loved you so 8 months ago before you sold out!  at least your coffee is still the bomb!You just went off my top ten list.  What the hell do I even need to visit Scottsdale anymore for ;(
5	If I could, I would give a 6th star!! I've been meaning to try this place for months and finally went! The waitress was veryy helpful in my decisions to choose the top 3 items on the menu. The french toast (for sure!), huevos rancheros and the biscuits and gravy. It was everything I hoped for and more and if you're a breakfast person like I am then you'll love it too!
5	Oh. My. Freaking. Goodness.  AMAZING breakfast!!  One of the best ever!We got there 10:30 am or so on a weekday... thinking maybe we would miss the early crowd. NO such luck. It was a spring training baseball day, with the Giants playing just around the corner apparently (we were going to an afternoon game too,but at a different stadium, thus we didn't know about this closer stadium-Giants).  Anyway - had to wait about 45 minutes. That was ok, because it gave us a chance to walk around some of the cute, unique shops in Olde Town!  Got seated out on the patio (overlooking the street - so I just pretended we overlooked the ocean or something beautiful like that, ha).  Good server, fast service.AMAZING fresh squeezed grapefruit juice for me ($7 for a large - wow), and... the BEST PART OF THE MEAL - portabello mushroom eggs benedict in the most delicious sauce EVER!!!!!!!!!!! SO SO SO wonderful!  Daughter's chocolate chip pancakes were great, and hubby and kids had normal breakfast stuff (eggs, bacon, etc) and loved it too.So glad one of hubby's friends had told us about this place.  It's on our list of places to go to again next time we are in Scottsdale!  Go there... you won't be sorry.
5	Going out to breakfast is something I love to do because I love eggs and corn beef hash. I basically order the same thing at every breakfast restaurant I go to (it makes it really easy to form an opinion). I'm pretty sure my small cholesterol issue can be blamed completely on my obsession on over medium eggs! If you like corn beef hash order it here, it will not disappoint! The service is fast, friendly enough, the food is cheap, and tastes great if you are looking for a traditional diner breakfast. Many people before me mentioned again love it
2	Robo hostesses... went there for lunch, asked for a table for two and a third would be joining us shortly (they were parking).  Hostesses  wouldn't seat us because of policy whole party needs to be there which I understand if it was for a party of 6 and only two of us were there.  We waited a few minutest then decided to sit anyways and at least start with coffees for the two of us.  The hostess  relented and said she would seat us but we'd have to wait to order until our third got there.  Kept saying..."its our policy".  Walked out and went across the street... apparently hostess doesn't realize there are lots of choices in downtown Scottsdale.Sadly, the wait staff are great there just hostesses need more training.As marketing guru Seth Godin might say... some people just don't know why they are in business.  Its not about them or "policy" its about getting and keeping customers.
1	If I could give it a minus 10 I would.  We were in Scottsdale a few weeks ago.  We drove by TBC a few times it looked like people were there alot so we thought the food must be good.  Boy was I wrong.  My sister and I went there one morning for a light breakfast.  We got in there and the wait staff weren't friendly.  I don't think there know how to smile.  We ordered the 2 egg, bacon, toast that came with fruit. I order a cup of coffee.  Simple small breakfast.  The coffee was OK.   When I ordered I asked for eggs over medium ( can't stand running eggs) so what did I get you guessed it running eggs.  I only got 1 piece of bread for two eggs and the fruit wasn't ripe.  My sister ordered scrambled eggs and they were OK.   The waitress didn't ask how were were doing, did we like the food.  Nothing...  The vibe wasn't great in there it was a very negative feeling.  I don't suggest anyone wasting their money there...  Go to the Denny down the street..
4	My friend and I had an amazing breakfast here yesterday.  If you don't have a lot of time, call ahead and ask them to put you on the list.  It's THAT busy....and why not?  The food, the service, the environment ~~~ All incredible.  I had the heuvos rancheros and my buddy had the heuvos con masa.  We both got a side of applewood bacon (done your way) and jalapeno biscuits.  The portions were large and in charge, but so good that I couldn't put my fork down.  The jalapeno biscuits were not spicy, but the flavor of the pepper did come through well.  I did have to spice up my huevos a bit, but that's because I'm addicted to hot sauce.  Next time I'm in town, I HAVE to try their mimosas....the waitress made at least 50 while we were there (we sat at the bar).  The Breakfast Club is a must!!
1	Boyfriend & I were in Scottsdale for golf vacation so breakfast was a must. We went to US Egg, the Good Egg and Butterfield's Pancake House on Shea Rd. All three were better than BC. Sat down to nearly empty restaurant late on a Tuesday morning  when waitress finally came over , BF ordered diet coke and was told that they have Coke only. I ordered iced tea no lemon and got lemon and after I added a Splenda & tasted it it was fruit flavored which I don't like. When asked the server said it was black tea then admitted it was mango tea. So I said I'd just have water and after some eye rolling I finally got it. My tomato soup was ok but the grilled cheese had some burnt charcoal bits from the flattop. Boyfriend asked for cheddar in omelette and got  pepper jack(yuck) also asked for fruit but got barely warm potatoes O'BRIEN. More eye rolling when he asked for the fruit. This place seems to want to be a healthy hip place but with the bad service I got I wouldn't ever recommend or give them another dime.  Go somewhere ele
4	I am here every other week to pick up breakfast on my way to the office. They have great quick breakfasts you can order to go. It's cheaper than the nasty Deli in my office building. You can't beat the prices for the "quick start" options. I am so excited they expanded the restaurant, the plentiful bar seating is perfect if you need to eat and go quickly.
4	Good food and the new ambiance is nice. Not a lot of vegetarian options but they have some delicious food. Make your own breakfast burrito is a good value.
2	I wanted to like it, i really did.. i even waiting 45 minutes in the cold hoping for a great experience.  What we have here is a typical Scottsdale joint, trendy and hip(ster).  The eggs benedict was ok, but eclipsed by even Village Inn's version, they did have decent coffee though, and once seated in our cramped booth, the service was great.
4	I stopped here on a Friday morning around 11:00AM and it wasn't too busy. Food was absolutely delicious but it is a bit pricey -- although worth it. The orange juice was the BEST I have ever had but it was $4 a glass (no free refills). I had the steak & eggs which came with fresh fruit and potatoes. Everything was super yummy. Will definitely be going back. For two people it was about $50-$60 ($16 of that were drinks).
5	I was dying to try this place after seeing such great reviews. Tried in October but they were closed so was really bummed. When friends came into for Spring Training I was so excited to see it open and busy. First off -- Holla for Challah French Toast! (a must order!!)Second -- I love that they have a coffee bar, where you can wait for your table with a latte. Third--It's a nice spacious place with patio seating right off of N. Scottsdale road.....and definitely a nice spot for people watching.
5	Awesome Eggs Benedict..I recommend highly. The service was quick and polite for a very busy day.  The coffee is top notch.  Fruit with the eggs was fresh and cool. Don't leave Scottsdale without having breakfast here.
4	I love this place. Never had a bad breakfast yet. The service is always good, and the  atmosphere is pleasant.  Recently they did some renovations and are expanding, so during my most recent visit, the area I was seated in was under construction, but those things happen. It didn't effect the quality of service or food. Some of my favorities are the Eggs Benedict, their breakfast burrito, and their chocolate chip pancakes, which are amazing if you're in the mood for a sweeter breakfast. Their smoothies are also refreshing. Not to mention, the cougar waitresses are easy on the eyes :), and very friendly. I will be going back next chance I get.
2	Overrated. Very busy, always a wait to get in. Patio is loud. Food is meh. No soda. Kind of pricey too.
4	Love it here, after their big remodel the wait isn't as long. The eggs are always fluffy, the side of fruit always good. Coffee is dark/bold and always fresh. The fried potatoes are delish and if you are in the mood for comfort food classic, my fave grilled cheese and tomato soup is right here, and I don't even like tomato soup!
5	This place is outstanding.  I will eat here every morning while I am visiting Scottsdale.  If you have a chance to visit this place, definitely do so.  I ordered the breakfast burrito with sausage, bacon, and no beans.  It came with this indescribably delicious chorizo queso sauce and I savored every bite.  Also, as I looked around at the other orders, I could not see anything that looked short of delicious.
5	I had heard great things about this place and was very excited to try it. All of the food is really fresh and good quality, and is prepared perfectly. Their iced BC coffee is delicious and I am not even a big coffee drinker. The bacon is perfect and their sandwiches are delicious on bread or a bagel. The service is great and extremely quick. They get you what you need and are fast.Awesome place and I recommend it for breakfast or lunch!
4	I love this place. They have the best green chile pork I have ever had, and I try it wherever I go. The service was fabulous also.
4	Yum! I visited this place after hiking Camelback one morning, and it was just what I needed. It's a relatively busy place, especially on a weekend morning, so even though it's been around for a while, I hadn't decided to check it out until recently. And I'm glad I did. Definitely expect to wait, but if you've got good company, you can hang out in their waiting area - the coffee bar - and get yourself some drinks to start with and just chit chat.The atmosphere is lively but relaxing; easy to zone out and be in your own little universe. My friend and I ordered two different dishes we were interested in trying and split them - a challah french toast dish and an eggs benedict dish. Both were amazing! We were not disappointed. Though probably not my most favorite french toast in all my life time (I love challah french toast, only way to go), it was quite memorable and something that would encourage me to return so that I can try some of their other items; though knowing me I always seem to go back to what is tried and true.Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed. Service was fast and friendly, so even though you'll most likely have to wait for a table, it's worth it.
5	Excellent food and service is fast.  We get there early but get there after 830 on a weekend day and be prepared to wait, BUT, grab coffee there and enjoy the people watching, well worth the wait, the staff is fast!
5	We were staying at the Phoenician Resort and we were not turned on by the menu they offered. My sister in-law recommended The Breakfast Club do we drove a couple miles down the road and got a delicious breakfast.  My  wife got the "Foster: Topped with Bananas Foster & Vanilla Ice Cream" and she thought it was really good. I got the "Huevos Con Masa w/ Chipotle Cornbread, Chorizo Queso & Pico de Gallo" and that was really out of this world. I never had anything like this before and i commend them for how unique the dish was. This place is better than Ihop (which is 2 stars in my book) and probably cheaper. I would come here again and again.
4	Consistent, quality food - we enjoy going there about once a month!  Special note to early risers, they open EARLY so you can avoid the weekend crowds.
4	Very modern place. Good food. Had breakfast:-Potatoes ok. Could have been cooked more. Not great. -enjoyed variety of dishes. Had proteins, fruit, & veggies. -Hollandaise sauce ok, but tasted too much like cheddar cheese. Noise level: Loud, but great for noisy kids like our kids.  -Service good. Nothing above & beyond. Overall, good, but not awesome!
3	Food, amazing!  I am allergic to bell peppers so that part was a huge bummer, but man the omelette (fyi the spell check on yelp is really...ummm...not so good it just told me to spell omelette - omelet!!! lol) ANYWAY the four cheese omelette was great!  Eggs were super light and fluffy, not greasy and the cheese was flavorful and well balanced.Service could improve: The busboys were extremely nice and helpful, but the majority of the wait staff had attitudes. Basically it was the wankery silliness that Scottsdale gets blamed for, which is unfortunate because the food is soooooo good! Okay, last sentence deleted because my boyfriend said it was mean.  The wait staff could be a little less Scottsdale-otypical.  I live in Scottsdale and love it because most people don't act like that.  So, it just makes me sad to see such incredible food ruined by such goofiness.BTW the coffee roast is good too!  I like it super strong so it was a little weak, but the flavor of the roast was excellent.Boyfriend commented that the hang over remedy of the gods (bloody mary) was super yummy too.  I thought it was a bit earthy, but definitely unique.
3	After reading about some of the reviews I was still optimistic that some people were over critical.  The food was decent.  I got the Eggs Benedict and it was pretty good.  I got bacon but it was over done, burnt and dry. It came with cut large cut pieces of assorted fruit which as very much welcomed.  The busboys I think make the place happy.  They were always really polite and never reached without asking.  Most of the staff were either groggy (it is the morning I can understand that) or just not happy to be there.  I asked where the restroom was and a server bascially looked at me, looked at the direction to go, pointed and turned her back to me.  I asked a general question to managment and he directed someone else to answer it for me.  I felt a little offended by this gesture.  The food is good but I will say it would be nice to have staff that are bit more oriented towards customer service.
1	The restaurant was very adorable and the food was quite good, but the service was absolutely aweful. The waitress said but 5 words to us the entire time we were there and what she did say, she said it like she did not care what so ever. In my opinion, good food does not make up for horrible customer service.
4	Yum!  Cute spot, gets busy on the weekends.  Service is disinterestedly efficient, a plus in my book as I am not a talker and don't like chatty servers.  My husband favorably reviewed the bacon as "nice and crispy."  I had the same omelet both times we went because it was SO DAMN GOOD!!! I got The Bird, a heavenly two egg omelet STUFFED (and they do mean STUFFED these are BIG!) with turkey, avocado, mushrooms and some kind of creamy perfection of a cheese.  I wasn't hungry again until diner after eating this.  The orange juice is good, but my husband wasn't thrilled with the coffee (he did give an approving nod to the large cream pitchers on the tables which prevented him having to go through his usual "more cream please" routine).  The other plus point for The Breakfast Club besides the outdoor seating (a little close to a busy street  and I didn't notice any misters on those July mornings, but at least its available) is that they serve my favorite McIlhenny Co chipotle tabasco sauce, the icing on the cake, or rather the hot sauce on the omelet as it were.
3	We went on a Saturday afternoon right before closing.  Maybe that was why we didn't have a wait.  I loved how it was set up!  It was so bright, airy and clean!  It reminded me of the brunch spots in Manhattan (albeit more roomy - think of cafeteria or union sq cafe).  The employees here are all very nice.  We loved our waitress Vicky, such a sweetheart! The food was good and fresh.  Although the award for the best french toast in town has already been taken (sorry guys - the nuts were a little burnt but the berries were a nice touch), they still have a very tasty eggs benedict (perfectly cooked Bello Bene).  I also liked the fact that fruit and hash browns/potatoes are included in your meal (although I couldn't tell from the menu).  Nice portion size for the price of the meal.  Unfortunately the fruit/melons were not sweet at all on the day we went, but the overall experience warrants a return visit (3.5).
5	I have never had anything bad here from the breakfast menu. It it much more spacious since the renovation! If you wait a little it is okay because they always get your food out fast making up for it. The have great frozen coffee. Try the toffee nut:) Although we live clear on the opposite side of town we like to stop here first before other errands in the area.
4	We needed to have an early breakfast since my husband and I were both working that morning.  We had planned on going to RnR, but they were closed when we got there at 7:30....I really need to stop assuming that restaurants actually open early for breakfast!!    My husband was working in the area and notice the Breakfast Club the day before and suggested that we give it a try.  I almost never try any restaurant without checking it out on Yelp first, but we were in a pinch.  Well, you know that saying "everything happens for a reason"...well, the reason by RnR wasn't open was so we would try Breakfast Club.  The host at the door was very friendly and welcoming, the restaurant was spotless, the service was very friendly and attentive, and the food was VERY good!My husband had a custom-created omelet that was the Southwest version of a Denver omelet, but with Chorizo instead of ham.  It was fluffy and flavorful and loaded with tons of fresh veggies, cheese, and tasty Chorizo.  The omelet was plated with fresh sliced fruit, and AMAZING potatoes!!I had the Southwest breakfast burrito and it was delicious!  It was eggs, Refritos negros, Lettuce, Chorizo & Cheddar Cheese.  (It usually comes with Pepperjack, but I subbed for Cheddar).  It was topped with a spicy sauce and I could have had it topped with Green Pork or Chorizo Queso, but I went plain.  It was very, very good!  My plate was also adorned with delicious fresh sliced fruit and the AMAZING potatoes.   The potatoes are large pieces of tenderly sauteed red potatoes with fresh peppers and onions.  Seriously...I have eaten many types of breakfast potatoes in my day and these are easily in the top 5!We are only here for 4 days and I wouldn't be surprised if we go back again before we leave!
3	We came on a Saturday and they were super busy even at 1pm.  We waited for a little bit for a table, but the food came out quickly.  We ordered the eggs benedict which was very good.  The egg was a little too runny for my taste (the yolk just gushed out when cut), but the hollandaise was scrumptious.  The best was the nutty waffle!  Sweet, but not overly so.  Candied nuts on a hot crispy yet soft waffle. Delicious.  I'll be back to try some other waffles!
3	The Whole Hog omelette was large by too dry. The tea selection was poor. No alcohol. Service is fast but somewhat sterile. Waiting for a table and menu pricing, while reasonable, are incommensurate to what you get.
5	After this place, Tryst Cafe, and Desert Sage, the Breakfast Club in Old Town is still hands down the BEST breakfast place. I keep trying other places but cannot find a closer alternative.The best blubbery and chocolate chip pancakes anywhere and the OJ is AMAZING. Best combination of sweet and cold. Service is alway fast and friendly.
4	Typical breakfast food, but good flavors, except for the orange juice--too sour. Stuffy service. Hard to find parking. Long wait, even out of season. But a good spot to enjoy for an early morning bite.
3	Went there yesterday morning after dropping off my vehicle for service.  The food was great, was seated right away.  Prices are reasonable since it's located in Old Town Scottsdale.  The only downside to the restaurant was the service was pretty horrible.  Might try it again in the future, but as of now, no thanks.
4	Great place for breakfast. Definitely a go to place.
5	Love this place the juice/coffee bar is my favorite!!!!
4	Old Town staple for breakfast...always busy, always a short wait (but with bar stools at the counter often), but well worth it. Large plates with decent-sized portions, potatoes O'brien are great addition to each item, and the fresh fruit is a refereshing change from standard breakfast fruit portions, large and full of watermelon, canteloupe, and pineapple. My personal favorite is the The Bird Omelette. Great food, service is normally decent, but not great, but always left Breakfast Club satisfied.
5	Worth the hour wait.
5	After a few days of drinking and being out in the heat, I needed something refreshing and healthy to get me back in sync. Fortunately, the Breakfast Club was just a few blocks down from our hotel. As soon as my friend and I arrived, we were seated right away on the patio. Service was prompt and friendly with none of the small chit chat. We were shocked at how cheap everything was.. breakfast entrees under $10 on vacation?? Unheard of unless you're eating at McDonalds or some other fast food place. I ended up ordering the egg white scramble with cottage cheese and fresh fruit and a glass of fresh carrot juice. I'm not a carrot juice fan but I thought what the heck let's try this. WOW! It was amazing! I didn't know carrot juice could taste so good and sweet by itself. I'm definitely hooked on carrot juice now! The food itself was really good. For the price, we were served pretty big portions and nothing tasted too oily or greasy to weigh me down. I especially liked the fruit selection which were slices of juicy watermelon, cantalope and pineapple - not the typical bowl of pathetic looking grapes and banana slices at other restaurants. I highly recommend the Breakfast Club to kick start your day in Scottsdale!
4	Great egg white omlette. Service was awesome. Would have gone for a 5 if they had served the jalapeno cornbread HOT! Super location:)
4	The food here is pretty good (nothing to write home about, as my boyfriend would say) but OH EM GEE they have THE BEST hot chocolate!!! I want to shout from the rooftops how much I love it & if I ever won the lottery, I would buy everyone a hot chocolate from here.So yeah, try the hot chocolate.
3	Been here a couple of times and the food's been good each time.  Have had a couple of breakfast entrees and also had the Chicken Sandwich on a wheat bagel that was good.  The service I've received hasn't been very good and the wait staff aren't very friendly.
4	Yummy breakfast!! I am never disapointed here. The service if always friendly and the restaurant looks beautiful. The fresh squeezed juice is PERF. I highly recommend this place for any meal.
1	My family and I ate here just a few days ago. It was an experience that left me yearning for more out of a restaurant I have seen so crowded over the years and decided to try with a group of 7 of us in the family. First off we got there at 10 am and were missing only two in our party so we had to wait to be seated which was fine. Once the rest of our party showed up at 10:07 we were not seated until after 10:30. When we were seated we were all scrunched together at a medium sized table that would comfortable seat 5 adults. Well, there were 7 of us total and needless to say it was very tight! The waitress stated that we could take our water and go wait back up front for a bigger table but we were looking at roughly 40 minutes of waiting again!!! Seriously? We ordered drinks first and the waitress brought my father his tomato juice and almost spilled it on him but instead spilled it all over her hand. Then she sat the glass down in front of him with juice on table and all over glass and left! She never came back with a wet towel to clean up her mess!! We all ordered and the food arrived quickly. This was the only part of the experience that was good, sadly to say. We received our food order for 7 of us within 15-20 minutes which was excellent. My uncle and grandmother both had charred toast (it was black, not just black around the edges) . The bacon looked like dried strips of hard leather. Overall, none of us will be returning to this place! It was is so overrated. We are headed back to RANDY'S here in Scottsdale to do our next family breakfast.
5	Absolutely WONDERFUL! Gino, the manager working the morning we went COMPLETELY took care of us. We arrived with a cranky 1yr. old and he immediately recognized that we needed some help. He ran to the back and brought out an apple juice for our little girl... AWESOME! The wait was 30+ minutes and after 5-10 minutes or so he stepped in once again to sit us down at a table. The level of customer service at The Breakfast Club and indeed Gino's help was  all the way.On to the food... Our meal came out faster than expected and was very tasty. I got the steak and eggs which was great. My wife got a Benedict which was also tasty. I will be recommending this place to everyone I know based off the experience we had today. As for Gino, the manager... You can't pay enough for great help.
1	Have eaten here a couple of times and have been fairly pleased.  Ate here Saturday November 3rd.  Service okay, but food was cold.  Later, after no other food, stomach problems and out it came.  My impression is that they are so busy they cut corners, with the food and probably with the prep in the kitchen.
3	Omellete's are amazing; however the Mimosa's are over-priced. Also, you have to wait at a table in order to be seated. They really should serve people at the tables inside of having 6+ tables designated as waiting tables.Basically you have to wait at a table to get a table. Sounds pretty ridiculous.
4	Really great place for brunch!  Huge breakfast menu!  My only complaint is that they say they have "black iced tea" but it's really some passionfruit or peach black tea.  Otherwise a winner.  Be prepared to wait if you arrive after 10AM!
4	Everything was excellent except the coffee.  Didn't seem to match the quality of food.
1	Visiting from out of town and went to the breakfast club. Worst breakfast experience ever. Your experience in a restaurant starts from the time you are greeted and usually sets the tone of everything to follow. We sat at the counter and the black girl working it looked at us like  she wanted to know what the hell we were doing there and what do we want. If she attempted even the slightest smile it woulda cracked that pretty smooth face for sure. Why do they hire people to work with the public that have absolutely NO PEOPLE SKILLS. Ok, on to the SECOND impression. The coffee. Its horrible. Luke warm light brown dirty water. They should be ashamed they're selling it. LASTLY, the food. It was ok but served to the table almost immediately after it was ordered, cold. 3 strikes Breakfast Club, yeeeeeeer OUT!!!
4	This experience was much better than the first. They still run short-staffed. Server:Table ratios are short, but the food is excellent. Several folks had omelets and breakfast burritos, but I opted for steelcut oatmeal and berries. Very good meal! Free parking and getting in/out was reasonable.
4	I really enjoyed eating at the breakfast club.  They have a lot of breakfast options and they are all huge portions.  The food was flavorful and I really liked that my omelette came with large chunks of fresh fruit.  Overall this was a fun place to come to in Scottsdale with pretty good food.
4	Love the french toast!!  Overall food is very good, service patchy.  Lovely ambiance, on a nice day it is wonderful to sit on the patio.  Plates come with extras such as fruit, potato sides and a little pizzazz for presentation.  Be careful to avoid busy times, the wait can be prohibitive and parking is difficult.  I only go during the off times since I can't take two hours for breakfast!
5	Don't you forget about me,don't, don't, don't, don't Don't you forget about me(Simple Mind - Don't You "Forget about me")The Breakfast Club was a cult classic in the 80's.  The Breakfast Club in Scottsdale does not disappoint.  Though not so much a classic yet, they do serve a mean breakfast - Yum! I ordered the Eggs Benedict while my partner ordered 2 eggs breakfast.  Eggs Benedict Arnold - haha! (Peter Griffin from Family Guy).  Needless to say I loved a good old fashion breakfast and they did not skimp on the portions.  (Enough for 5 mischievous students hmmm).  Like going back in time, back to the 80's, where breakfast was a time to stuff your face!  My eggs were over easy for sure while the soft and warm hollandaise sauce gently glazed over the eggs and ham.  Not too overpowering and just the right sweetness.  I had my hash extra crispy and my bacon; I like them soft and chewy.  I added some hot sauce and I had myself a grand meal.Will you recognize me? (After eating here and gaining some weight)Call my name and walk on by (A walk more like a run I'll need)Rain keeps falling, rain keeps falling (More like falling asleep)Down, down, down, down (I go!)(Simple Mind - Don't You "Forget about me")The place itself had a business diner yet modern feel.  Not your typical dive diner for sure!  Service was spot on and keep that coffee flowing! - Enjoy!
3	The food was very good, eggs as ordered, bacon was thick cut and large,rye toast was good. The food was a bit slow coming out. My wife's food was hot, mine was warm. Coffee was OK but not exceptional in any way. Fresh fruit was very good and nicely portioned. The potatoes were good but covered in bell peppers, I "picked through" as I'm allergic to bell peppers (wish the menu had warned me-or if it was there, that I had seen it). If my food had been 'hot' I would have given 4 stars in spite of the long time in arriving. I would echo some of the other reviewers when they say the place seems a little short staffed.
1	Decent food but horrible owner.I ordered a Diet coke."We don't serve diet coke, the owner doesn't believe in it"Doesn't believe it in?Diet soda is not the fricking Easter BunnyDiet soda is not the Lock Ness Monster.Is is a GD soft drink!!"Why not?" I ask."The owner hates fake sugar and refuses to support it" Says the server" What about all this fake sugar on the table for our coffee? Every table has a bowl of sweetener on the table?!?!!" says me."Oh, that is for the coffee. He says it would upset too many people if we took it away. But you can go next door, and buy a diet there, then bring it over here if you like"WTF?!?!Sure I'll go over there, next door every time I want a refillSo this guy takes his stand with diet soda?Does he have any clue what is in regular soda?!?! Hell, diet or anything else, it is all bad for you. But I want a diet and the owner won't serve itWay to take a stance on such an important issue genius..Never again will I support this restaurant..Lame
4	I finally checked this place out last weekend, and I am so glad that I did! This place is great overall. We sat outside on the patio, and it was fun people watching and looking at the cars going by. I had a mimosa, which was a bit pricey at $10, but it was in a huge class and was very tasty. My dining companion had a Bloody Mary--also $10 for the big size--which he enjoyed. The coffee was very nice as well.Following the recommendation of my server, I chose the Cinnamon Challah French Toast. It was SO good! Unlike some breakfast places, where you only get a minimal dusting of toppings on your french toast, my plate was loaded up with candied nuts and blueberries, raspberries, and blackberries. It was well worth the $11 because it was a HUGE serving. I think it came with 3 giant pieces of bread.The service was really great, friendly, and attentive. I can't wait to check this place out again. There are lots of other items that sound tasty, and they also serve lunch.
1	We only went there because we had our puppy with us and needed outdoor seating.Less than mediocre food. We had:Omelette with Turkey - edible but not greatTurkey Wrap - unappetizingOJ - watered downLatte - blandI would rather eat at the Herb Box.
4	Delicious, fun breakfast spot.  Good service plus amazing food = great time for the morning after another great time.  :-)
4	I came here one Sunday morning when another restaurant had a line out the door. They said it would be a 30 minute wait (which was less than the other place) so we said we would stay. We got a table in 10 minutes and our coffee was out super quick, and was really good coffee! I ordered a classic breakfast of eggs, bacon, potatoes, toast and fruit. It came out quickly and tasted good. It was nothing memorable, I would say that the food is average...but I liked the speed of getting a table on a BUSY Sunday, the speed of the server and of the food coming out, so I will give it a pretty good rating overall.
4	Was there again this weekend - thought I'd give a shout out because this place is SO good. Haven't been since the remodel, which is amazing. The space is huge now and so warm and inviting. The traditional eggs benedict is to die for as well as their potatoes. Not to mention their fruit. I swear they have a farm out back and pick it fresh. Probably one of the best places for breakfast in AZ.
3	Great atmosphere.  Seating took a bit but we held out even though there seemed to be a lot of open seats.  Food wasn't that impressive.  We both had the eggs benedict.  It wasn't awful -- but wasn't stunning either.  It was close to our hotel so it was a good location -- I'd probably give it another shot but would try something else.
5	I am a regular at this breakfast spot, and it's money every time. The food is great, the service is solid, and the drink choices are even better. If you're in Scottsdale then this is a must try for breakfast.
4	This place was suggested by a friend who said this place was great. Came here with another friend while visiting AZ from San Diego, friend from North Carolina. We sat down and was greeted promptly by our server. We had drinks brought right away.I really liked the fresh OJ. I order the Turkey Bene. I thought it was realy good! The turkey was very juicy along with the hollandaise and and poached egg. The fruit was a little too ripe but no biggy. I thought this place had a good vibe to it. I'd definitely go back and see what the servers think is the best thing to get. :-)Overall maybe 4.5 stars.
2	No Wi-Fi which at this point is a must have for those of us meeting customers out for breakfast.  The greeting staff was rude and won't seat you until your entire party arrives. The food is good but giving two stars in that service carries a heavier weight for me over Breakfast food quality.
3	Good place to grab breakie in Scottsdale. I had the traditional Benedict and it was quite tasty. Service was fast and friendly and the wait wasn't bad at all. We grabbed a latte from the coffee bar and sat inside for a few minutes before they had a patio table ready for us. If I return I'll try to Cinnamon Challah French Toast.
4	Our hotel, and our friends suggested this as THE spot for breakfast. I am so glad they did, in fact, we came in 2 mornings in a row we liked it so much!The hubs had a breakfast burrito one morning and a Mexican scramble the next - both awesome (and HUGE). I opted for my usual classic egg breakfast and then splurged for banana pancakes the next day. By far, some of the best pancakes that I have had (shhh...don't tell my mom).I loved the decor of this place, and with all the windows & high ceilings it's really bright and airy. Plus with their tasty coffee (which they offer to fill up for you to go) it's a great start to your day.The only thing I would say that they lacked is effective hostesses, (which is common) and the service was a little slow when it came time to pay the bill. Other than that absolutely no complaints!
4	Love this place! Fantastic omelets and benedicts
5	I love the Bird----it's an egg white omelet with turkey, avocado, mushrooms & boursin cheese . Actually, I order it as egg white, but it comes either way. This plus a side of fruit goes for 10.95. The Hyatt in Old Town serves free breakfast, yet, I continue to pay for the Breakfast Club...need I say more?Great service and ambiance, too.
2	I've never written a review before but after my experience here, I thought I would come and give my two cents.I suggested coming here with my boyfriend and his friend for his birthday since we were on this side of town. Big mistake. The hostess told us 25 minutes and we ended up waiting closer to 45 minutes. When our friend asked about the long wait they assured us that the 7 tables in front of us would be seated if we waited just 10 minutes more. I wish they would've just over estimated the time so we would be prepared for a long wait. I have never been more embarrassed in my life to suggest a place when the hostess seated us at a wet table and threw the menus down and walked away after seating us. After that, it didn't matter how hip or delicious the food was, I am never going back here.
3	Good, but not great, see-and-be-seen Joint with a pretentious attitude regarding their vibe/food. Frankly, after all the raves and top tens, I expected more. Blueberry pancakes -- good. Bacon -- very good. Eggs -- runny (ordered over-medium). Fresh fruit -- very good.While eating our breakfast, my wife and I were lamenting that we didn't go back to the Daily Dose, one block down. Again, the BC was good, but just good.Live and learn.
1	my husband and i went  to the breakfast club for valentines day to start off the day with brunch.............h  u  g  e  mistake!!!!!!!i ordered the challah french toast with berries  and got way more than i ordered......after a few bites,   i  looked down on my plate to eat a blackberry and noticed    something moving around on the berry!!!!!                     green worm  it was rearing its head up and checking out its new surrounding................my  g`damn plate!!!!!!!!!!!!we asked for the manager and she came over and grabbed my plate immediately and said that she was going to go get the chef......he came out to the table and said he was sorry and i explained that there was    no   way  they had washed the berries  or that would not have happened..........    he assured me that 'someone ' did wash them...being defensive  not a great response to serving     live  green worms   to customers.......buyer   beware         gag.......not going back
5	They had me at fresh squeezed pineapple juice.  We were in Scottsdale for spring training and came here on the advice of a friend.  Thank you, friend!  We enjoyed our meal so much we came back the following day.  Again, fresh squeezed pineapple juice, heavenly.
4	Great, go-to brunch spot. I've been here several times. Maybe it's because my boyfriend and I get up so late on the weekend that we never have to wait for a table? I've tried several things on the menu that are meat free-some better than others. Love their omelettes! Yum. The Bello Bene is so-so, I'm a huge fan of portabella mushrooms but I think it was the Bourdelaise sauce that threw me off. I've ordered the quick start breakfast as well, and the only thing that irks me is getting charged extra to sub out the meat for potatoes. WTH? I like that they have a coffee bar, an option that I have not yet taken advantage of-due to it being far too much work to think of a fancy coffee drink I would like when I'm not fully awake. Service wise, I've never had an issue. The waitstaff is always friendly and I've never waited a really long time for food. Overall, it's a great place to grab standard breakfast fare and I predict many more visits to BC in my future.
5	Awesome place to get breakfast on a Saturday or Sunday morning. Good food, good service, and a line out the door (which means it's good)
4	Back here for the bird. After running, this is a healthy, protein rich snack which can be made healthier via requesting egg whites and no cheese. No Boursin? No fair! I always have good service and if you are in a hurry, BC seems to get you in and out quickly. I wish there was wifi. Parking is tight, but there's generally street parking for 2 hours.The fruit and avocado's are consistently some of the best!
1	Terrible! Some of the worst service and management I've ever seen! Our server said about two words to us the entire time, and checked on us one time before bringing us the check. The manager looked completely unprofessional, he was chewing gum, had blood shot eyes, and smelled like alcohol! The food was overpriced, their pancakes cost $8 without any sides. I will never go back again...
4	Excellent location!I have been to this establishment a few times and would recommend sitting outside, because the interior gets a little noisy.If you experience high wait times, just walk around the neighborhood!  There is a nice bakery nearby, as well as a little coffee shop.While I'm not a fan of their biscuits and gravy, the pancakes keep bringing me back.Their pancakes are infused with a lot of flavors and the portions will fill you up fast.Prices are somewhat affordable, but a family of 4-5 can easily rack up a $60 bill.Don't hesitate to visit.  This is one of the best breakfast joints in Phoenix.
4	Excellent food, large portions, and great price. Highly recommended from an out of town first timer.
4	This is a meet & greet place from the looks of the serious and not so serious conversations taking place at the tables.  Men in suits.  Or with marvelous tats.  Women in flowing Native American skirts.  Or Lulu togs.   Come as you are.  Or as you wanna be.Breakfast is wonderful.  I liked the breakfast sandwich, stacked with a rich yellow egg, bacon, gruyere cheese, and wasabi mayo.  Coffee is dark French Press, and left in a an ergonomic, triangular pot at your table.I think I left a dusty colored scarf with net and glitter running though it beneath the table.  If it's true that you leave something behind when you unconsciously hope to return, I'll make it back to Breakfast Club one day.
3	Great location but the food is mediocre. Really nothing special.  Ever since they renovated it (which is a lot larger) the quality of the food has decreased.
4	I'm a fan. As long as the good servers are working and the restaurant isn't packed, they do a great job. The food is always great and their coffee is awesome!
2	Great food, but horrible service. Most of the staff are snotty girls wearing yoga pants. No one at the hostess stand smiled or greeted us when we walked in. Once we were seated, tt took about 20 minutes just for the girl to come take our order.  When she did wait on us, she was not pleasant and acted as if it was a bother for her to do her job. I ordered scrambled eggs and french toast. The waitress dropped off our food, without the eggs, didn't mention them, and ran off. We had to flag her down to say we were missing eggs, and she said "she'll check." 10 minutes go by, we ask again, and eventually get them. If the wait staff did their job correctly, the wait for the restaurant would not be long at all. This place could be amazing if they could figure out the wait staff issue.As much as I loved the french toast, there are just too many restaurants with great customer service to go back to this one.
5	Got the breakfast burrito monster style grew chili and queso on the burrito with over easy egg inside..   Delicious!
4	Full plates, fresh fruit bowls, good atmosphere and decent Bloodies.
2	Here is what we ordered: Ham and Eggs and Steak and Eggs. Both came with toast and fresh fruit. I ordered the ham and eggs, and ordered my eggs "over well" and asked the waitress to have my yolks popped, because the sight of egg yolk running around my plate makes me ill. She had a little tude about "over hard" versus "over well", but I thought we had it settled...My eggs came burned, with brown crispy crap all over them, and they were not hot. The toast came cold, with no butter or jam. The ham was okay, but "off the bone" is an exaggeration. The fresh fruit was good. My husband's eggs and steak were not hot, and his toast came cold, with no butter or jam, as well. He complained, and the waitress said she would bring new orders to us, at which time I told her to just forget it as far as my order went, because I was STARVING. She brought me a new order of eggs, and I said that I didn't want them, and off in a huff she went. When my husband's (new) breakfast was delivered to the table, it was hot and everything was done correctly. However, no toast was present. What bugs me about this place, besides the fact that we both were served cold food, is the attitude of the waitress. Yeah, I get it, it's Scottsdale, but as a Scottsdale resident, I am embarrassed by the holier-than-thou attitude you get from some of the businesses here. We hadn't been here in years, and now I know why.Despite the long drive, we'll head back to Matt's Big Breakfast, which has THE freshest, most delicious breakfast in this area. And, no attitude...
2	5-27-13 Memorial Day. We were the first people in the restaurant at 6am. I ordered huevos rancheros and my friends ordered biscuits and gravy. All three of our orders came out luke warm at best. We were the first orders in, no one else was in the restaurant. $41 for breakfast was not worth it. Did we tell our server you may ask? No we did not. We are in the industry as well and didn't want to be a bother. The service was fine but the food was sub par. In my experience in the restaurant industry I understand mistakes happen, orders are messed up, and food is sometimes cold. However when you are the very first order of the day there is no excuse.
3	Visited Scottsdale over Memorial wknd and came here for Sunday brunch.They seem to have a pretty legit juice bar.  I'm from California and have kind of been spoiled with good citrus, so for me their "fresh squeezed orange juice" was just meh.  It was good but not California good.  However, I was a huge HUGE fan of the V-18.  If you like tomato juice or Bloody Marys get it.  You will not regret it.  Although I was a little disappointed that some people had it coming out with celery in it.  It didn't appear that they had anything else tomato juicey on the menu, but I think I may have ordered the wrong thing.Another big huge highlight that really surprised me was the jalapeno biscuits and gravy.  Definitely a novel take on a down-home classic.  I think this was actually my single favorite part of the meal.  The whole table split one along with our own meals just to taste, but in hindsight I wish I would have gotten one as my meal. :)I ordered the Loaded Quick Start, which was just standard breakfast fare.  They are very generous with the portions here (the plate had 4 eggs.  FOUR.) and I was happy about that.  The "O'Brien" potatoes or whatever were just meh.  The bacon was awesome though.This place only gets three stars, however, because of their shitty ass service.  It took us half an hour to be seated, which was understandable.  But it seems like this place hires dinky ass skinny white girls who don't really know what they're doing.  The girl forgot my request for Tabasco like twice.  Srsly?  Idk.  Their food was pretty rad, but I think the service might be better during a weekday or on a not-so-crazy holiday weekend.  I would totally come back if for nothing else, for the V-18 and the biscuits & gravy.
4	This is my 2nd time eating here it is a bit pricey but the food was very good!
4	We went here on a Sat morning before flying out of PHXUpon arrival we could see a wait from the car and then parking was around back. I went to add my name on the list for 3 of us and she said 20 min waitSo we looked at the menu and they had fresh fruit, and typical breakfast foods with a full coffee bar. I ordered the southwest Rancho Huevos it came in a tortilla with eggs and cheese hot sauce and sliced pork. My girlfriend got an omelet and it came with huge slices of fresh fruit and potatoes with peppers. Her other girl friend got the four cheese omelet and could barley finish it. We all where stuffed and extremely happy with breakfast. I would recommend this place with out a doubt to anyone in the area who is hungry for fresh breakfast.
1	First experience here was with my mother. Food was great our waitress was pleasant but I actually think we got more help from the buss boy who I ended up tipping.  So second time was with my fiance and after this experience I will not ever return first my fiance is weird and doesn't eat with metal utensils so we asked the hostess for plastic ones and she said she would return with some and never did. No big deal she is only a host.. anyway our waitress was awful.. tired, lazy and I had to ask her for a hot sauce like 5 times she never offered to refill my drink however anytime my fiance was running low she seemed to notice she had a horrible attitude towards us both, my guess she was hung over..  Still no excuse. Terrible terrible service from the waitresses however the buss boys do an amazing job with assisting customers and are most of the reason I returned a second time. However the waitresses ruined it and I'm never going back and wouldn't recommend it for someone who is actually looking to enjoy where they eat.
3	I'm going to rate this as a 3.5 stars rounded down to a 3. It's a great place, with solid brunch offerings that are perhaps a bit on the tame side. I've been here before, ages ago when they hadn't renovated yet. Unfortunately I don't live near Scottsdale anymore, and my husband moved in with me some time before we got married, so our reason for being in Scottsdale greatly diminished about a year or two ago. That aside it's a great place to stop by when you're in the neighborhood. Parking is a bit of a b!#ch, pardon my french. It's old town Scottsdale, after all. And this place is always busy. That day I went it was packed with college kids on Spring Break and people in town for Giants spring training. The waitresses are perky and the food is good. Nothing out of this world, but I've enjoyed everything I've had there. I think once I had an egg white omelette, another time their lox bagel plate. I do love that they have mimosas and bloody marys for you to order as well. Both were also good- the mimosa was fresh and tart, the bloody mary nicely savory and spicy. There's a reason this place is always busy. It's in prime real estate and serves up solid food all the time. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but if you're in the neighborhood and are craving brunch, you could do worse than stopping in here for food.
2	We went to The Breakfast Club on a friend's recommendation, and an internet recommendation.  Right off the bat, I was bothered by two things:  first, my knife had some caked-on gunk on it, and second, our waitress brought us each water with lemon.  I suppose most people would not be bothered by that, but I have an aversion, and likely an allergy, to citrus.  I always ask for my water or iced tea without lemon.  I ordered bacon and eggs, over medium.  My daughter ordered ham and eggs, over medium.  Both her eggs and mine were overdone (brown & crispy) on the outside, runny on the inside.  Neither of us liked the fact that the fruit was on the same plate, because the egg yolks (and undercooked whites) ran into the fruit.  Up until we ate here, I never imagined that anybody could mess up breakfast.  Needless to say, we were extremely disappointed with The Breakfast Club.
3	I had a good breakfast here, but even though I have an expense account when I travel for work, I'm still not comfortable paying excessively for what is ultimately a run of the mill breakfast. I had the cinnamon French toast, a side of scrambled eggs (served lukewarm) coffee and orange juice, and my bill with tip was $25. On the bright side, the service was a lot better than the Yelp consensus, just not enough to warrant such a steep price. Add Molly Ringwald to the equation and it would be well worth it, but without her this Breakfast Club is just a pedestrian experience posing as something it's not.
1	Went on a Friday morning and was promptly seated on the patio. Waited about 20 mins, not even a glass of water. Several employees walked passed us -- so we left. Looked like a nice place but didn't want to deal with crappy service.
1	Honestly, Ive never written a bad comment on Yelp. But this place kind of deserves it. A group of 6 of us went on a busy Saturday morning. We knew that there would be a wait, but didn't antisipate an hour wait, epecially when we were told 20 minutes. When they finally called our name 30 minutes after we checked in, 3 of us came to the host stand ready to be seated. The incredibly RUDE host told us that we needed our whole party to be seated ( I really wish she would have told us that when we checked in!!!) After the rest of our party had arrived, we walked up to the host stand and informed them that our party was complete. She then informed us that we would have to wait for a table to get up because they gave our table away. No big deal, so we stood up front and waited..... and waited..... and waited. Until finally the hostess heard us talking about how long we had waited, so she begrudgingly led us to our table while she rolled her eyes at us. The service once we sat at the table was fine, and the food was excellent. But i have NEVER been treated like that before as a guest.I have been in the Restaraunt industry for almost 8 years, 5 of which I was a host, and 3 years as a server. I usually am not one to complain because I know how it is being on the other side of things. But seriously, the front of house service here is absolutely appauling. In my 8 years, I have NEVER treated a guest the way that I was treated here. Hopefully they hire some good people soon...
3	The breakfast club happen to be walking distance from the hotel we were staying so we decided to check it out, reasonable price and decent menu however the staff seemed in a rush to get you in and out since it does get packed and the waiting line was long, We opted for a shorter wait by eating at the first come/ first served bar. My breakfast was huge and tasted okay but nothing more than that... I had the Bello Bene: Portabella mushrooms, Bordelaise & Hollandaise.  They also serve Bloody mary's and mimosa's to go with your Breakfast. My only advise.....Big portions so be hungry and be ready to wait to be seated if you are planning to visit this place over the weekends.
2	We have wanted to try this place for quite sometime but its usually so busy that we dont dare try to find a parking space.  Today didnt look so bad unfortunately :-)  Wish we had tried the Daily Dose instead.  Oh well theres always next time.  These reviews are hilarious.  Made the mistake of not reading them before hand.  The service sucked.  The waitress sucked.  She really pissed me off.  My husband had to keep reminding me the girl was young and what if that was your daughter cuz I wanted to punch her in the face.  It took forever just to be acknowledged, waited a lifetime for some water.  Asked her what was good on menu this is our first visit.  Too bad we took her advice.  My husband got the bird omelet which I tasted and YUCK.  It was completely bland.  He had to pour hot sauce all over it for flavor.  They put the eggs right on top of the fresh cold fruit so that now you cant eat it or wouldnt want to eat it.  If they just read their own reviews they would stop doing that.  Talk about dumb asses.  I got the huevos rancheros with green chili.  It comes in an open chipotle tortilla that is MINUS any taste.  Its swimming in juices which is making the tasteless tortilla into glue.  Comes with two eggs on top.  The flavors together were just not that good.  Got a $4 glass of fresh squeezed orange juice that made my face scrunch up because of the bitterness.  Waitress brought bill way too early obviously trying to get rid of us but that just pisses me off even further cuz thats her ticket to not having to do shit.  I waived that bitch down anyway.  I want water bitch.  The only reason they get 2 whole stars is because the green chili was good otherwise hate this place :-)
3	Breakfast club has a good name and location at the north tip of Old Town Scottsdale. This place seems to always be packed on the weekends for breaky and brunch. Therefore, I recommend you find a day off, like a Tuesday morning to check it out. You'll get better faster service, wont be all noisy and you'll really be able to enjoy what this place has to offer: which is a very good staff and bright enjoyable atmosphere. Food: The food menu is decent, but nothing to write home about. You'll have your normal southwest breakfast dishes, pancakes, omelets, and skillets. I guess what they are known for are their selection of Benedict style eggs using different types of genres with hollandaise. Cant complain. Overall, its a solid stop and a place you should check out. It may end up being your fav breakfast place as many of my friends state that it is. I however put it as a solid back up to my favorites if they are too packed. All in all, I recommend, but its not at the very top.
4	This is by far one of the best breakfast joints in Scottsdale. They've remodeled and expanded so the space is huge and there's less wait even on a Saturday or Sunday. They have a delish assortment of breakfast, brunchy and lunchy items. I love their french toast with challah bread. They also make an incredible grilled cheese. Only complaint: the tomato soup leaves something to be desired, it's over-peppered and hard to eat.The service is always great and the staff is extremely peppy and professional. Naomi Garnice gives it four stars!
4	The reviews say it all! You want mouth watering breakfast?? go here! I can't see why anyone could be disappointed, the options on the menu were appetizing and the service was good! If you can't decide between an omelet and the waffles? my rule of thumb is split the goodies with a friend! or make one in line ;)Yumminess!
5	I finally made it to the breakfast club! The food was delicious and the place was gorgeous.
5	The best breakfast place I've been to so far! My fiance and I go out to a new place every monday and The Breakfast Club is beating everyone!!Hands down! The bloody mary was great and the steak eggs benidict was devine!! Oh man..I'm hungry again! Can't wait to go back!
5	First of all, my best friend and I came here on Sunday when there were floods in Scottsdale so we thought, "holy hell we have to eat outside." The wait was about 20 minutes, but very worth it. I had to use the process of elimination to choose my breakfast because all the options were to freakin' die for. I decided the get "The Bird" which is an omelet with Turkey, avocado, mushrooms and Boursin cheese. The plate also came with delicious potatoes and fresh fruit. The portions were huuuuge so I'm glad I didn't cave and get the side of pancakes too. Ouch, that would've been painful. Overall, the service was great, the food was greater and the stormy weather made it all so much better. This is definitely a place to try at least once!
1	I really can't recommend The Breakfast Club. It's been on my mental "to try" list for awhile and I was excited to check it out for brunch with a girlfriend. I've heard it is a busy place on weekends, so I took advantage of a rare weekday off to go and try it without having to fight weekend crowds. Upon entering, I was impressed with the decor: a cute, bright bar borders the front area and there is a smattering of high cocktail tables with barstools in the "Bar/lounge" area. The buttery yellow freestanding curved booths through the center of the room are tres-cute and the cheery color scheme is complemented by the exposed brick walls - all adorable! There are windows lining one side of the dining room and an outdoor patio with umbrellas that would likely be lovely in nicer weather (but not in July) I showed up on time, but my friend had texted me to let me know she was running a little late. There was no one, I repeat NO ONE waiting when I entered the restaurant, and several free tables of varying sizes were available in the dining room. The bar area was pretty empty (I think there were a few people sitting up at the counter) I approached the hostess stand, where THREE hostesses were standing around, not helping anyone. I let them know that I needed a table for two, and was asked where the other person was. I explained that she was running a few minutes late and the girl haughtily advised me that "we don't seat incomplete parties - you can wait over there until she gets here". Over there was the bar area. I awkwardly clambered up onto one of the barstools and sat alone while alternating between staring at my phone and eying the several still empty tables in the dining room. After about 5 minutes of this, I was fed up. I get it, the Breakfast Club is a busy breakfast spot on the weekends. I bet that the "we don't seat incomplete parties" rule is something to live by on Saturdays and Sundays. I'm sure that they're overrun with pushy, obnoxious people demanding tables and annoying guests who camp out at tables for hours on end while waiting for their elusive additional guests who never show up. But this was a Friday, there were empty tables, and I wanted to sit down and order a drink instead of being punished by being forced to sit in their lobby since my friend hadn't gotten there yet. So, I tried again in hopes that they'd relent in light of their non busyness. But alas, the young, rude hostesses unhelpfully stuck to their guns and directed me back to the bar area. When my friend arrived, we were promptly seated in a booth at the back of the restaurant. We waited a considerable amount of time for a server to finally come to the table (my 10 minutes of waiting in the lobby would've been more productively spent sitting at my booth waiting for the server to finally show up - the timing would've been perfect!) I asked for a Diet Coke and was smugly advised that "we don't carry any diet sodas... we have bottled natural sodas" This was weird, but this is Scottsdale so I guess I should expect pretension (?) I switched my order to Orange Juice - flustered by the server's curt demand for the size I'd like, I mistakenly answered "large"... we'll revisit this in a moment. For my entree, I tried their BCs B&G - it seemed like one of the few interesting items on the menu, with Jalapeno Biscuits topped with fontina, sausage gravy, and eggs.. I was looking for some flavor and the jalapeno biscuits sounded like just the ticket. Unfortunately, I was wrong. There was a little hot sauce drizzled on top of the gravy, but even that was overwhelmed by the creamy blandness of the gravy, leaving the dish heavy and lacking in any sort of complexity. My friend ordered an omelet and  she remarked that it was very greasy. When our server dropped off the check, I learned that my large orange juice was $7.00 (!!) I took another sip of my average glass of orange juice, just to ascertain if perhaps I had groggily ordered a mimosa or screwdriver in lieu of my standard OJ... NOPE! Regular orange juice = $7.00, guys. FYI. I can't pinpoint what I disliked most about sitting by my lonesome little self in the bar...perhaps it was that it was morning and while I'm not a big bar person generally, I'm particularly less bar-ish before noon. Perhaps it was being isolated as though I was being made an example of. Maybe it was my time spent puzzling over the decision to alienate a customer after they've barely crossed the threshold of the restaurant. Or maybe it was that I was being treated like I was trying to get into an exclusive nightclub when really it was just a mediocre, overpriced breakfast restaurant. Regardless, it absolutely ruined my visit. I could continue regaling you with my thoughts on this awful experience, but I've got to get back to my busy schedule of studiously avoiding The Breakfast Club for any and all meals for the rest of my life.  Ciao!
4	Great food , You never know who you might run into their.
1	Went here to celebrate graduation and had the worst possible experience of my life.  We had a group of 5 total. We decided to go have a couple drinks at the bar before being seated.  We ordered 4 mimosas (5 but brother didn't have his ID) which came out to 50 dollars.  Three of us had seats at the bar and two were standing behind.  We were having a great time but after 15 min of sitting there the bartender/waitress comes up to us and says in a rude tone, "usually we reserve these spaces for people who are eating, would you move over to the waiting area".   I understand that it was busy and that she wanted to make more money off of new customers but we had ordered a pretty expensive round of drinks and were waiting to get our table to spend more money on food.  It was quite insulting that they would have the nerve to ask us to leave from the bar.  We did not leave and she grunted and left then proceeded to talk shit to the other bartenders only a few feet from us.   Finally we were seated.  We decided to let go of what had happened and still enjoy ourselves.  When we got our food a manager came up to us.  He rudely started telling us that it is illegal for someone without an id to drink from other peoples drinks (my brother) and that two waitresses had told him this was happening.  My brother had not taken one sip from a drink on the table, beisdes his water.  We tried to explain nicely to him that he had not taken a sip, and the manager started to become extremely rude and not listen. He then began  raising his voice and not only interrupting our breakfast but the other patrons that were sitting on the patio as well.  The food was mediocure and the service was horrendous.  Never going back again.  They did not even comp our meal which had turned into a disaster.  What happened to the customer is always right? These people teamed up against us and main my graduation breakfast a horrible experience.
5	I could live off of "build your own omelet!"  The food is always delicious and is a perfect place to meet friends for brunch! I also love the remodel!
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat for breakfast!  They always have healthy options, which I love, & the staff is so friendly!  Always a great experience!
4	Finally saw my first real Scottsdale woman as she sauntered inside with her dog to grab a takeout order. How about telling that b%*%tch to leave your freakin ugly dog outside and have your driver get your lousy takeout order. The hostesses here do appear to be idiots, but anyway my make your own breakfast burrito was good. I altered from the $4.95 deal and somehow it arrived at $6.75? If I substitute bacon for ham it should be no charge and I added hash browns to the eggs and pepper jack cheese that was included. The chipotle tortilla was a nice touch and it was some good bacon - chopped up finely. The salsa ran out after my first half was in the books, but besides that it was a pretty good breakfast burro for the ingredients and the price. Nice takeout box too - no styrofoam for a change.
4	Great place to eat!Place is clean, friendly staff, food is great also. Parking however may be a small problem. Ordered the bird omelette and it was great! Large portions. Friend had the huevos rancheros and was not as thrilled with is.
4	I am not a breakfast nut like my gal Nydi, but when I am feeling HUNGRY after a long night out there is nothing like some greasy wholesome breakfast food!  What sets Breakfast Club (BC) apart is the younger crowd and the lively vibe, and quite frankly just about everyone in the room seems to be in the same state I am when I stroll in here on the weekends...except the few random tourists.  The two servers I recently had here were fabulous and quite funny as well.  Sometimes I feel like they need background music in here though, I felt like I was very aware of everybody's conversation around me.  And heaven forbid anybody have to listen to me and my friends' ridiculous conversations...Although on the flip side I have met some cool neighborly people in the BC due to this feature.  My other complaint is there will most certainly be a wait.  However I guess that is to be expected in this busy part of town and a testament to their sound and hearty breakfast grub!  I usually just have crispy bacon and hash browns at the BC, but I can say all my friends have had some impressive and yummy breakfast dishes for a reasonable price!  I also highly recommend their hazelnut iced coffee; my server recommended it to me last time and it is now a staple when I come the the BC!
5	Food is great, service is great!! What more could you ask for....well maybe less of a wait would be nice. But let's be honest, the reason you wait is because everyone loves it!! My favorite menu items are the BC Sandwich and the Bird omelette and my husband swears by the Eggs Benedict. This is our favorite place for Sunday brunch!!
3	NO WIFI?  Not a great start, but I'm here for breakfast so no big deal.  OJ did not taste fresh squeezed for $4 for the small size.  The potatoes that came with my breakfast burrito were amazing.  The fresh fruit that come with it was really a nice touch and all tasty.  Unfortunately, the breakfast burrito was not great.  I also added the pork green chile for an extra buck and was thinking I was getting a green chile sauce covering my burrito instead of a heaping load of pulled pork with green chile in the meat piled on top of the burrito, but no delicious green chile sauce (probably my own fault for a different expectation).  The burrito was big enough to split, it just wasn't good.  Btw, the burrito doesn't come with salsa.  I wasn't sure of what to expect of this place, but I was a bit disappointed overall.  The ambiance is nice.
4	Great pancakes! And the eggs Benedict was fantastic until they changed the recipe :( but overall this place rocks for breakfast.  So much better than a Denny's or other chain. Also great for lunch. Yummy salads
5	Hands down. BEST BREAKFAST IN THE CITY!!  Pros:* The atomosphere is really chic yet still feels comfortable.* The service is fast!* The food is the best part... the buttermilk pancakes AHhhhmazing.  The "bird" omelete is to die for.  Topped with creme frache and loaded down with turkey, cheese and avocado... I have been dreaming about it!!* You will leave full.I wish they would franchise and put a BC in St. Louis (where I live).  I would be there every weekend!
5	I don't know about the other food but I had the Huevos Rancheros for breakfast and it was fa-bu-lous.  Husband had Whole Hog Omelet (he didn't complain) but wished he'd had ordered Huevos Rancheros too.  I would go back for that breakfast next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	Great breakfast! We went on a Saturday morning, so we had to wait a little bit, but you can order drinks while you wait. The wait was worth it. Service was fantastic & very attentive. The food was delicious! I had traditional eggs Benedict & they actually poached the eggs properly (most places over cook them), my husband had hue is rancheros & they were very flavorful. All-in-all, a great breakfast spot!
5	This place is amazing! I always get the Bird omelet. It's a little pricey but the fact they are always consistent with quality and taste. It's worth it.  It's very popular so plan on a bit of a wait on the weekends.  But now that it's cooking off the patio is great to sit at
4	The breakfast menu is excellent.  Our group of nine was seated quickly and the service was great.  It's definitely a place I would return to for a brunch date or a special occasion.
2	I've been to the Breakfast Club several times now and it just gets worse and worse. The only thing this place has going for it is the cheap breakfast cocktails and you're gonna need one if you want to stomach the food. Firstly it is expensive. Secondly it is greasy when it feels like they claim to be a health type restaurant. Thirdly they have messed up my order almost every single time. Often things are missing that I asked for or cheese on an omelet isn't melted - that's just plain unappetizing! There are plenty of other breakfast places in the surrounding area that are more worth your while. Skip this place and go elsewhere!
5	Let's start off by saying that I really love breakfast. Secondly I really love breakfast club. Every Omelette on their menu is bomb, pancakes are light and fluffy. Lunch menu is stellar too, try the turkey Reuben or tuna salad melt. I make it a point to go to bc every weekend.
2	Here's the thing about breakfast food. There's not a lot of variety, so ideally, yours should be better than the next guy's. In this, Breakfast Club fails. Food isn't bad, but they've never made that 4oz. $8.00 "Harris Ranch" filet well. I've boiled steak in the UK that tastes just as good for half the price. Also, never have coffee here. Not at least their bar drinks. It's horrible, and the person taking your order will repeat it back to you to correctly three times, but you won't get the drink you ordered.It's trendy little spot in the Old Town Scottsdale area, but that's about it.
4	UPDATE!!I bumped up their review from 3 starts to 4! Their message to me after leaving this review was so professional I feel they deserve a second chance. A well run business means a LOT especially when they listen. Looking forward to the WI-FI...  I'll be back!Here is the old review...I like everything but the potatoes and soggy veggies they call O'brien potatoes. Omelet was really good and the bread is fresh. Service is too lax but more importantly for one who works at these kind of stops NO WIFI !
5	delicious delicious delicious! Very good food! It's so packed all the time! And even the coffee or orange juice is so fresh and amazing!
4	I have heard about this place for years so I figured I would finally give it a try. I wasn't disappointed but wasn't impressed either. We tried it on a Saturday which we were expecting it to be crazy busy, which it was but the wait wasn't too bad about 20 min. Thankfully we got sat outside which I where I was hoping to sit. It's a good place to people watch and everyone is always cruising their newest ride up and down scottsdale trying to show it off. I had the buckwheat pancakes which were recommended by the waitress and my hubby had an omelet with every kind of meat imaginable in it. My pancakes were ok, a little dry, my husbands omelet was fantastic. I would probably give this place a go again but wld try something else
1	Without a doubt the worst service and the lousiest cappuccino I have ever experienced.I dropped in here just before noon last Thursday for a cappuccino and maybe breakfast / brunch while my wife was at a seminar at the Hilton up the road.I had checked this breakfast place out earlier in the week and it looked promising.I ambled in and sat down at the big breakfast bar.The female server came straight over and said,what can I get you to drink?I must have walked into a night club or a dive bar because that's their opening line.I ordered a cappuccino and she left a menu in front of me almost as an afterthought when she brought back my coffee.It came in a square glass mug,2 inches of black coffee topped by 3 inches of white foam.I would need a bloody straw to drink that.I asked her to pour the cappuccino into a porcelain mug which at least should be round.She was very annoyed by my request and made a mess of the liquid transfer.The cappuccino tasted like shit so I was not sticking around for breakfast....that's for sure.This is not the person I would want greeting my valued customers.My wife and I enjoyed superb cappuccinos at The Chopshop just a block away the next morning.
4	My boyfriend is from Indiana and always gets biscuits and sausage gravy, which I had never even heard of before meeting him and am still kind of grossed out by. However, Breakfast Club's take on it (jalapeno, large chunks of real sausage instead of the bottom of the barrel gritty bits that it's usually made of) was actually good.  I had a standard 2 eggs and toast and it was as good as I'd expect 2 eggs and toast to be.The waitresses were all wearing yoga pants, which was kind of awesome - I'm jealous that I can't wear yoga pants to work!
5	WOW!  WOW!  WOW!  Why have we not been to this place before?  Everything and I mean everything we had was amazing. The service was quick and personal. I am a huge eggs Benedict fan and their's is the best I have ever had, hands down!  Bloody Mary's yum!  Hubby had the cornbread rancheros and didn't talk the until they were gone. So they must have been good!  Can't wait to get back here!
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in Scottsdale. They have amazing coffee, a must for breakfast! The service is really top notch. I have had an omelette, which was more than I could eat, eggs Benedict, that were outstanding. I've also had the basic 2 egg, toast, and bacon plate. Everything is cooked perfectly, and it comes out fast. The prices are honest and there are friendly folks if you want to chat at the counter. A great breakfast is a great start to the day, and they do it well.
5	Great food! I've had the breakfast chorizo burrito and their tuna salad sandwich, both of which were incredibly good. The prices aren't that bad either especially for the great quality of the meal. Really fun environment, super busy on weekends though especially Sundays. Worth the wait though!
3	Not bad. I thought the cinnamon challah French toast was good - big portion covered in fresh berries and nuts. Jalapeno biscuit was pretty good. I would skip the chipotle cornbread. Hash browns had a nice mix of bell peppers and onions, which I liked.Food was pretty good, not wow. I don't know if I'd make a special trip to eat here, but if I was in the area and the wait wasn't too bad, I wouldn't object.
5	Get the Huevos con Masa with some fresh squeezed juice!  Everything you can possibly order here is probably amazing.
5	The best american breakfast i've ever had, hands down.Great service, great coffee, great start to the day.Better than any place I've been to in college towns or new york city(where I'm from)The pancakes(with bananas foster) were out of this world and went great with the quick start loaded breakfast.
5	Still fantastic!!! Have tried many breakfast places in the area, and this one still wins. We come here most weekends. My husband always gets the eggs Benedict, and he loves it! I either get the Bird omelet, or the BC Sandwich, both delicious. If I could make one suggestion, maybe the management will read this ;), please start offering Individual French press coffee, would make this a 6 star place!! See you next Saturday BClub!
4	I don't like breakfast. I don't really like brunch. But Breakfast Club and a few other breakfast joints around the US are on my exceptions list; if I have a guest visiting over Saturday, I make it a point to each brunch with them here.First off, the food is great. It's really good. The steak is always done well, the waffles slightly sweet, the fruit fresh, the ingredients, awesome. I've had most of their menu and I can honestly say, it's all good. Some better than others, but all are good. If it's your first time visiting, go with the Cinnamon Challah French Toast (the fruit is so delicious) and their Mignon Benedict Style Eggs. If you can and are willing, go for their fresh juice, a treat. Also try the Mimosa.One of the reasons I'm a fan of this place, is the ingredients are very fresh and they don't saturate everything with tons of baking soda and powder. I can taste these things, and they don't use a ton of it.The staff isn't always nice, sometimes rude; however, I'm ok with this, as all I want is for them to come when I signal and to keep my water glass filled at all time (which if you're unlucky you might end up with someone who can't do that).Still, I'm a fan. I'm not a fan of breakfast and brunch, but for this place, I can atleast leave feeling like I've eaten something that doesn't give me a headache. For breakfast, I'm a fan.
4	Good Food and wait is waaaay better since they expanded awhile back. Staff is prompt and pleasant. If you have to wait order a beverage at the breakfast bar on the left.
4	My wife and I ate here this a.m. for the first time.  The food was good although the coffee was bland.As it was crowded, and due to the (faux?) brick walls, etc.,  the noise level was beyond what I can tolerate for breakfast.  So, we exited as soon as possible.We probably will only eat here again when the restaurant is not packed.
4	I love this place. I have been going here for years now. They changed the interior which is more inviting and open. The bar makes it a great place to watch tv and the outside patio is looking into old town. Very bright and welcoming hosts I recommend this for your breakfast place to go.
5	Popular, busy, and delicious!  I had a ham and cheese omelet and my daughter had 2 egg whites and a buckwheat waffle with fresh fruit. They were amazing. The waffle was light, fluffy, and flavorful. Service was great and our waitress was very friendly!  Allow for a 30 minute wait but breakfast came within 15 minutes.  Well worth it!
3	I think this place is an over crowded, diner. I was incredibly unimpressed with what I got after such a long wait. With so many great brunch spots near it I will definitely never be back.
5	kool spot. visting from Los Angeles...feels like we are having breakfast in the Santa Monica area :)
5	Great breakfast as usual...my wife and I have not been here for a year since we live on the East coast. The inside looks great since their remodel. Food is really good and tried the pork green chile this time along with the mushroom omlette.
5	If the Breakfast Club were a movie it would be rated by Entertainment Weekly as the top high school movie of all time.In its category, its that good.
4	This is a great place for breakfast in Scottsdale.
2	I was all set to order after downloading the menu two days before we went, then when we arrive on Sunday late morning, things went awry....First of all the homemade tomato soup is not exactly home made in that they use canned tomatoes for the soup which means it is filled with nickel, metal, lead and bpa...so I could not have the tomato soup as they were not able to use any fresh tomatoes for the soup, not exactly sure if they use canned tomatoes for the omelettes but this is what the waitress eluded to...Also they do not know what the ingredients is in lots of their products especially the bread since they do not make it, it is delivered from a vendor and there is no ingredient list...Very Very Bad service on their part, they should always know what the ingredients is for everything they serve especially for folks who may have allergies....The other people in our party got the build your own omelette which was very expensive, they did not have a veggie omelette on the menu you have to build your own...so the omelettes ended up being over $12.00 since they charge .75 cents to $2.50 for extra items...The orange juice is also very expensive 4.00 for what look like a 6oz glass and $7.00 for what looked like a 12 oz glass. Plus it was very very noisy, we literally had to yell at each other to hear ourselves plus ...Just the fact they did not know what the ingredients was in their bread, and many of their ingredients come pre-packaged not made from scratch....is not good....there are better places in old town,,,which have organic food offerings and they know what they are serving, unlike the breakfast club.......If you have food allergies avoid this place!!!
2	Pompous owner/manager, this guy thinks he might be starting a new innovative trend for breakfast. What is really happening is distance and separation from valued customers. A member of a party can not join mid meal. People will be ignored and feel disowned if the  party is incomplete ( you will not be seated, and will feel punished for it). I feel nepotism is being used here; we were not spoken to once seated. I'm entitled to a nice welcome but was embarrassed by the lack of communication. The manager reminded us that we needed to finish up and start leaving, so he can seat more people; fuck you! I want to eat comfortably, I didn't order no food to go. If you wanted things to be like this you should throw the food in a blender and turn the whole place into a quick drive through.!Couldn't see past the rudeness to actually taste what could have been a painless enjoying meal.
5	Great spot to start your day. Fresh orange juice. I highly recommend just make sure you have time for waiting cause they always busy.
5	Great spot for breakfast in old town Scottsdale.... Recommended by the DoubleTree check-in Concierge as her favorite breakfast spot. The Salmon Lox was delicious. My husband enjoyed the chili verde breakfast burrito... Portions were ample, in addition to being tasty. The fresh squeezed grapefruit juice was fantastic. We arrived at app. 8:30am on a Saturday morning and were the 2nd guests to be seated outdoors. Within 20 min every table was full and folks were waiting to be seated.
2	This is a really cute place unfortunately I had the worst omelet of my life here, the mushroom omelette. It tasted completely dried out and spongy like they cooked it in one of those microwave omelette dishes.  My friends that I was dining with enjoyed their meal. The filet mignon Benedict was the favorite at the table. Service could have been a bit faster but it was adequate. My friends raved about how good their juices were because they were supposedly all homemade in house with juicers. My pineapple juice taste like anything you would buy in the supermarket so I'm not sure if that is really they case.
5	Very very good breakfast! I had the juevos con masa. It was very good! Would come back again!
4	Delicious breakfast sandwiches and a decent cup of coffee. Outdoor seating, bar seating and tables. Right in the heart of old town.
4	The wait on weekends is usually long.. when the hostess says it will be 25 minutes, be prepared to wait closer to 45.However.. the food is awesome! Plus the prices are reasonable for the amount of food you get!
4	Great way to breakfast! I like that they will modify your orders to give you a meal the way you might prepare ti at home for yourself!
5	Visiting from Nebraska !!! OMG why can't they have this place there?! Food is awesome!!
4	A great breakfast/brunch spot with really good food.  There is usually a wait, even mid morning on a weekday, so plan ahead.  They won't seat partial parties, so plan ahead for that too.  On my most recent visit I had coffee and Eggs  Benedict.  Their coffee is truly amazing . . . very rich without being bitter.  The Eggs Benedict was also very good, with hand cut pieces of ham and REAL hollandaise.   Service always quick and efficient.  Some servers are more friendly and chatty than others, but I've always had good service.  My one issue (and why I ave four stars rather than five) is the increasing garlic content in the sausage gravy.  My regular favorite in the past was always the biscuits and gravy (with jalapeno biscuits . . . mmmm).  Over my last several visits, the sausage gravy has been extremely garlicky, and not nearly as tasty as it used to be.  Overall, a The Breakfast Club is great place to eat, with good service and really good food.  I'll definitely be back, and maybe even try the gravy again someday.
5	This is the best breakfast I have ever had! The only downside is the wait to be seated. Don't let the wait scare you though. The food is well worth the wait! I've only been here once, but it will definitely not be my last!
5	YUMMY BREAKFAST/BRUNCH place to eat at! Great service too! Definitely would recommend to anyone.
4	I wanted to dislike this place in the worst way.  The Decor and Staff, like Scottsdale in general are a little too pretty - but I was proven wrong.I had a Tuscan Omelette - Buffalo Mozzerella Cheese with Pesto, and Husband had Huevos Rancheros which was served with an insane amount of Beef on a Baked Tortilla.  It was good - Really good.  The side potatoes had nice fresh green and red peppers which was a cut above the rest of the homefry mush we'd been having all week.  Coffee - meh.One amusing item - the "Breakfast Cocktail" list offered to supersize them!
5	We go out to breakfast everyday and visited the Breakfast Club while we were in Scottsdale. It's a very popular place (ie: there will be a bit of a wait) and for good reason. The restaurant is full of energy, comfortable, and the food is great. You should give it a try.
4	Must say it was a great breakfast. As stated in most reviews this place stays busy, but we were seated in less than 10 mins (on a Tuesday around 10:30am). Our waitress was friendly and service was good. I ordered a Mimosa, it was great, more Champagne and less juice, just the way I like it. : )  I ordered a Mignon Bene (eggs Benedict with filet Mignon), every bite of it was good as was the side of potatoes (they could be an entree in their own, soooo good). My friend had a bird omelet, it was huge, looked great. But her coffee stole the show, her cappuccino, came in a clear mug, so you could see the layers of coffee and milk and foam. It looked fabulous.
5	This place is amazing! My husband and I had the pesto buffalo omelet just was so good and tried the southwest bowl. Everything was great with this place
4	BC Breakfast is the place to go, especially if you want a great breakfast to start the day off with. I was heading back home and walked from our hotel to this local joint. They have amazing fresh juices, I enjoyed the pineapple juice. $4.00 gets you a 'small' but it's a fairly large size. I has the BC bagel, (everything bagel that was perfectly toasted and had avocado, tomato and a nice house cream spread), yummy.
5	Fantastic food!  I'm from LA and know my breakfast well and BC is an awesome place for regular american breakfast.  Pancakes, Waffles and French Toast are awesome.  Eggs come out hot and cooked exactly as ordered.  Love the iced t!Popular place with locals, so you will most likely wait for a table as it is busy.  Wait staff is great, very efficient and nice people there.  NO CRAYONS for kids tho, so just know that when bringing kids.
4	So as often as I don't venture to Snottsdale, the movie I wanted to see was only showing here so eating nearby just made sense.  The open floor plan is nice and the decor is simple but modern and clean.  Did I notice that all of the waitresses were wearing yoga pants?  I did, and that isn't a bad thing.  I got the french dip + mushrooms and swiss and a coffee to help with my hangover.  The sweet potato fries could have standed to be crunchier, but the flavor was there and the sandwich was quite tasty.  Normally at a place with a name such as this I would only stick to breakfast - but when one is hung over, you must go with your gut instinct, and I'm glad I did.  Traffic / parking was a mess, but I suppose that's to be expected on a weekend with such beautiful weather.  Overall, I dig this place and will likely be back.
3	I thought this place was just A-OK. I appreciate it being a place definitely for the locals and the staff was super friendly and attentive.The things I really enjoyed were the french toast (challah bread) and the fruit bowl (strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, pineapple, and a few others). The things that left me wanting more were the turkey sausage, pancakes, and omelettes. I just felt meh about it.. but the french toast was amazing. One of my dining mates had the "special" which was french toast covered in fruit. I'd totally go back for that.It's a cute restaurant with true brunch/breakfast hours and outdoor seating. Great for people watching!
4	Went this morning for breakfast and was very satisfied. I had the breakfast grilled cheese which had bacon, hashbrowns, eggs and two cheeses on sourdough bread. It was delicious. Also got one chocolate chip pancake for something sweet to share and it was decadent. My boyfriend had a tall Bloody Mary which was good and the breakfast burrito. My sister had a cup of oatmeal and the quick start. I also had a glass of fresh orange juice which was perfect, without pulp! I'd go back but there are so many good breakfast choices in Scottsdale that I would have to try some others my next visit.
5	Always even a fan of this place. Took my boyfriend here last minute at 2:45 even though they close at 3.. Right away we order, me the regular breakfast and my boyfriend the lox plate. I have always remembered they have fast service, and they lived up to my expectation once again. Everything was perfect and so fresh. Must come back again soon. I forgot how good it was! I also love the ambience. Very clean and has a good Scottsdale feel. I remember a few years ago when they revamped the place, and it's looking better than ever.
4	My brother recommended this place from his visit to Baylor's Fiesta Bowl. I had the four cheese omlette, which was absolutely amazing. Service was quick, friendly, and attentive. I took a star away for the average side dishes and decor.Excellent find!
5	Awesome place! Awesome food!  We dropped in Monday mid-morning.  The best eggs benediction I've had in the USA. Their fresh squeezed V18 nice is gray (just needs some vodka). My kids had waffles and when the server brought over a free-pour bottle of syrup it made their day.  Not like other places where you get a tiny little serving of syrup that disappears into the waffle.
4	I came here on a Sunday at 11AM and of course it was very crowded. We waited for almost 40 minutes for a party of four table. Food came surprisingly quick, about 10 minutes after we sat down. Menu is sort of pricey, well, mostly because it's in Old Town Scottsdale, but the food portion is pretty generous. We tried the Quick Start Conscious which has 4 eggs and a lot of veggies and a bowl of cottage cheese. it's pretty good, very fresh. My cousin tried Border Omelet, or something like that, which tuned out to be a tex-mex type of food. It's huge, and delicious. So, besides the long wait, everything else is pretty good!
2	Horrible service!!!! If you do not have your party there then they do not seat anyone!! The are rude and very snobby for a service that should be great. Food is fine if you can get past the service :/
5	My girlfriend and I arrived on a Saturday morning around 9:30 am, and we were told it would be about a 30 minute wait (which we were expecting). We were seated within 30 minutes at a nice large booth. Once seated, our waitress immediately introduced herself to us. She was very kind, friendly and professional. We received our food and drinks in a timely manner, and the food was absolutely delicious. The atmosphere was casual and comfortable. We will definitely be coming back!!
5	I don't know why I only go here when my family or friends from out of town come here to Scottsdale...I believe it has to be the fact that I want to bring them to the best place to eat breakfast in town.  This is the place, people!  I can't stop thinking about those Huevos con Masa and the fresh fruit it comes with.
5	This is an excellent place for breakfast. The fruit was so fresh and my meal was exactly what I needed. The coffee is the best! I came on a Friday morning so it was busy but I didn't have to wait for a table I just sat at the breakfast bar. Will return. :-)
4	Good food, a bit pricey. Definitely has some high class clientele, but it's not a dressy atmosphere. I like Butter's in Scottsdale better for breakfast.
4	Really good spot for breakfast in Scottsdale. Great service and great breakfast. Nothing fancy here, just solid food. Omelets are really good and pretty large. I love that you can find really fresh and healthy options here. The place gets really crowded on the weekends so make sure you get there early. If you're by yourself, just sit at the bar and you'll be well taken care of.
1	I've eaten here 3 or 4 times and my second to last experience was not good and I hadn't been back in awhile. However, a friend wanted to meet up there and have breakfast this morning so I decided to give it another try. To my disappointment the 2nd chance experience was just as terrible as my first bad experience if not worse. I don't feel bad for writing this negative review either because my friend (who suggested the place) was appalled as well by our time there. If you only have 20-30 minutes to grab a bite to eat then I would recommend this place. Other than that I won't be coming here again. Try the Orange Table for better food and better service.Upon my arrival I went to the host stand where two girls were present. I requested a table for 2 and the blond RUDELY informed me that they didn't sit incomplete parties. I have no problem with that, I work at a restaurant with the same policy but the tone of voice of how you tell people is always key and hers was definitely rude. When we finally got sat there was miscommunication between the two girls working and it was clear that the brunette hostess was having a serious problem with her fellow blond coworker. My friend and I shook it off and were simply happy to be sitting at a table with our hopes of breakfast on the way. The service started out ok, but because we're servers as well my friend and I were prompt in ordering and made it easy. Food was out quickly which was nice but I wasn't pleased with the quality as I have been times before. My omelette was extremely oily, which is never something you want especially when you order an eggwhite veggie omelette, and my potatoes were undercooked. The fruit was mostly what I ate. After about 15- 20 minutes of dining our server came over and dropped off the check. My friend and I were both not even half way through our breakfast, forks full with the next bite, and our server Bethany didn't even offer us anything else while my coffee sat 3/4 empty awaiting a refill (which I finally had to ask someone else for). We were a little put off that she dropped the check so soon and we both felt rushed. After another ten minutes Bethany came back and offered us coffees to go. A nice gesture but the fact that we hadn't even touched the check and were still eating simply stated that she wanted us gone. We looked around the restaurant wondering if they were waiting on our table for something but noticed that there were 3 or 4 empty table around us and nobody waiting by the host stand so we didn't think so. Upon checking my watch I noticed that we hadn't even been there 45 minutes. We continued to enjoy what we could of our breakfast but at this point we felt so rushed that we sat there til the last second possible before we had to go. This experience fell hand in hand with my last negative experience where I was literally told to leave by the busser after an hour and a half because people were waiting. Like I said I'm a server myself but these people are so eager to turn tables that it simply takes the enjoyment out of going out to breakfast and having a nice meal with a fancy mimosa. If I do go to the Breakfast Club again it will be at there downtown location but that will be no time soon. If you're in Old Town looking for a good breakfast joint save the rushed feeling that they put on you and enjoy it somewhere else like the Orange Table or Morning Squeeze. Even Daily Dose right down the road have good breakfast! The BC just isn't worth it any more.
5	Visiting Scottsdale for a few days and found this place on Yelp. Decided to give it a try on a Sunday morning. I was not disappointed one bit. I was told when we arrived that the wait would be about 30 minutes. They were right on the mark. It took the waitress a little long to get to us initially, but once she got to us she was very attentive. The food came out super fast. I had the traditional Eggs Benedict and my wife had the BC Signature French Toast. While the Eggs Benedict was great, the Signature French Toast was to die for. I highly recommend this place for breakfast and the prices are reasonable. The restaurant was really fantastic.
3	The food was good, but the coffee was horrible. I got the loaded breakfast (2 eggs, bacon, potatoes, toast, and fruit). Good portion and decent price, but, if you like coffee, this isn't the place to go.
5	Always been a fan of this place. Took my boyfriend here last minute at 2:45 even though they close at 3.. Right away we order: me the regular breakfast, which I got scrambled eggs and sourdough bread and my boyfriend the lox plate. I have always remembered they have fast service, and they lived up to my expectation once again. Everything was perfect and so fresh. Must come back again soon. I forgot how good it was! I also love the ambience. Very clean and has a good Scottsdale feel. I remember a few years ago when they revamped the place, and it's looking better than ever.
5	Excellent spot for breakfast. Food is fresh and tasty. Service is excellent. Decor is bright and airy. Ideal for a breakfast business meeting or setting a family up for a day out.
5	I loved this place. Great atmosphere, great design and decor, great crowd, and great employees.  I kept coming here every morning it was so good. The thick bacon was amazing, and I appreciate the small serving of fruit they include.  All the food was tasty and ample. Very good quality ingredients.  Parking around back is a little tight and tricky. Get here early on the weekends or you'll have a bit of a wait unless you want to sit at the counter.  Definitely GO!
4	There is pretty much always a wait on the weekends. It's a very popular spot, and for good reason. The food is great, the atmosphere is nice and the service is swift. I like how light and airy the room feels, everything is white and spacious so even though it's 3,000 degrees outside, it feels cool inside. The service was a little cold, and at times we weren't really sure which girl was assigned to our table, but everything worked out so it wasn't that bad. I would definitely come back.
5	I have always been a big fan of this place. I have been coming here on the weekends for the past 4 years and it never disappoints. Every time my parents come into to town they come eat here. They will drive down from north Scottsdale every morning for breakfast. Sometimes I end up going here back to back on Saturday and Sunday! Anytime I have someone visiting from out of town, this is where I take then for breakfast. Be prepared to wait on the weekends but it's well worth the wait. You can always grab a drink at the coffee bar while you are waiting. They move people in and out pretty quickly. The omelets are great (the Whole Hog being my favorite). The fresh fruit that's comes with the omelets is good. Omelets come with potatoes too, but I often substitute toast for the potatoes. The Lean and Green omelette is also a good option if you are trying to behave. I'll substitute turkey and broccoli for the fruit and potatoes if I'm trying to keep it healthy. The blueberry pancakes and the french toast are incredible. If you get the french toast, make sure to get the fresh fruit and nuts on top. It's a game changer! Even if I get an omelette, I can't help but order 1 pancake or 1 piece of french toast on the side, or both :) It's that good! I can't speak to any of the lunch menu items because the breakfast is that good! Maybe I'll try a lunch item one day, but not any time soon. If you are not in a rush and have some time to hang out, this is the perfect place for breakfast or brunch on the weekends!
5	Yum yum yum!!!
4	This is my second time visiting this place and my first review on it. I thoroughly enjoyed both visits here. Breakfast club is located in the heart of old town Scottsdale and is in a great location. I like this place because of its fast and friendly service and the pancakes are very delicious. I also like the fact that they offer turkey products as well and not just pork. It's interesting how several breakfast restaurants still do not offer turkey alternatives to their sausage and bacon foods. In addition, make sure that you try their coffee. They have one of the best coffee's I have had at a breakfast restaurant. The next time I am in the area I will definitely come back again.
2	Server was not friendly, french toast was dry bread inside. Been here before and it was much better.  Enough said
3	Food was decent but pricey, my fav part of the breakfast was orange juice so go figure.
5	Had breakfast here this morning it was great the breakfast club sandwich is the way to go eggs bacon cheese on an English muffin and its very reasonable and fast the service was great it a great place to start your day at
5	Great place. Had the breakfast Burrito. My wife and I go here on our birthdays. The food is always good and the staff friendly.
2	Service was terrible, completely oblivious attitude.  food quality not great, cheap ingredients and you can taste the difference plus they play annoying teenybopper music with douchey clientele
3	Good eggs Benedict.Long wait , get there early because place gets packed!!Dont get the bloody Mary, it is not good! Get some mimosas instead or a smoothie! There is parking in the back if you are lucky to find a spot.
4	Whoaaa, before I dive into my review, do the women that work here have to meet a certain "good looking" quality?  I don't think I saw one woman here that was not good looking and they were efficient with our order...Welp onto the boring stuff ha.I really enjoyed the environment, it had different types of people enjoying there tasty breakfast.  We arrived before the rush and I was well pleased with our food.   I ordered the BC Signature French Toast, the fresh strawberries and almonds were a nice touch.  DEF COMING FOR MORE Ha.
5	Came here for breakfast this afternoon (Saturday around 12) and was very pleased with my experience!!Michelle was our server and she was great! Very attentive, without being annoying. From past experiences, that's hard to completely accomplish so I was very pleased!My boyfriend and I barely had to wait ten minutes for a table...on a Saturday!! We're in Old Town Scottsdale so it's totally understandable to wait for a table at a delicious restaurant (which I don't think people around here understand).I created my own omelet, and it was delicious! My boyfriend ordered the breakfast burrito and he loved it. We are foodies...especially me with breakfast food so I couldn't make a decision so we also ordered French toast and loved it too!!Cute place with a very friendly staff definitely coming back!
4	After a horrible start at matts big breakfast,  our stomachs empty our search began for a new breakfast joint who wanted our money and to make us happy, we soon found the breakfast club!  I have never been so happy to find my new breakfast spot! My roomie and I go out to breakfast every sunday and we are happy we found this place ! Waitress were decent, so happy to see the manager walking about and helping out, I will give it 5 stars when I know the waitress we had gives us alittle better customer service, took awhile to get our coffees and orders taken, but we always give a restaurant 3 trys! We look forward to see you this sunday! Blow us outta the water ^_^
5	If I lived near here, I don't think I would go anywhere else for breakfast. I would definitely be a regular.Without a doubt, the Border Bowl I got was one of the most delicious and perfectly executed breakfasts I've ever had in my life. When I ordered it, I half expected it to come out a sloppy mess...but the fact that I loved all the ingredients won me over. I mean, I MORE than half expected a sloppy mess. How else would 4 types of meat, hash browns, chili, cheese, and 4 eggs turn out? Greasy, sloppy mess, right? You would think..but against all odds, what I got was a NON-greasy, crispy hashbrown topped, well-balanced, delicious breakfast bowl. I still have no idea how they did it.You know what else is memorable about thsi place? The waitresses.Yup. Plenty to look at here.So good food...good service...yup.... I would be a regular. Until next time.
1	Food was okay.  The service was snotty.  My brother-in -law didn't  get his rye toast and realized when the check came. It was brought up to the waitress and she did not handle it well. Said she could bring him toast now.  When we were all done eating?! He declined and she did nothing else to comp for it. The wait was normal for a popular breakfast spot. Sent back our bloody Mary's because they were watery and bland. Got a screwdriver instead but it was still too watery.  My sister got a greyhound and it was a little better but still somewhat watery. My daughter loved her chocolate chip pancakes. Wouldn't go back.
1	The 1st rule of the Breakfast Club is not never talk about the Breakfast Club. The 1st rule of the Breakfast Club is NEVER eat at the Breakfast Club. The 2nd rule is NEVER talk about the Breakfast Club.
1	Because of the positive reviews, I stupidly tried this place for the third time.I feel as though sitting t the counter was bothersome to the wait staff.  They barely spoke, and trying to get a second cup of coffee was met with rolling eyes as I interrupted their own discussions about a date night.Limited coffee was fine as it did taste like dishwater.  And really - it is only an egg, not worth the pretentiousness.
2	Now that we've visited this place about ten times in different months, I feel I can write a fair review. The bottom line: Sometimes it's ok, sometimes it's not. It's hit or miss with no consistency. Food: It's kind of "meh." I am a big Eggs Benedict fan and was eager to try their version. Sadly, the Hollandaise sauce tasted more like lemonade than Hollandaise. I had to scrape it off the eggs, which I ordered medium and came runny and partially raw. When I asked to get them replaced, I got an eye-roll and a curt "I'll tell the cook." They came back hard boiled. So, that was my one and only time ordering the Benedict there. We've tried the cream pancakes as well. They are flat but ok.  The buckwheat pancakes, which are hard to find, are really lifeless and super thin. We never bothered with those again. The french toast is much better, but again, nothing major to get excited about.My boyfriend got some amazing raw, unfiltered apple juice there on previous visits, but this time, got some obviously watered-down alternative version. He had to send it back. The waitress informed us that they were "cutting corners and we got rid of the good apple juice." Wow. He got some partially frozen o.j. instead. Ick. We got it down to where we would just get the starter breakfast: two eggs, bacon, toast, and then add the potatoes O' Brien (which are sometimes oily and tasteless, sometimes great). The bacon is flavorful, but super tough and chewy, and VERY oily. I always ask for a paper napkin to blot the bacon. I guess they don't believe in draining it like most places do. If you don't blot it, it's just disgustingly oily. The tea, of which I've had both the black and the regular green hot tea, are loose leaf and served in a plunge brewer. Cute, but they skimp on the tea and the tea leaves are of poor quality. Bitter and yet weak. The last time we went, I just asked for plain hot water. I got a weird look (oh, if you make any even slight changes to the menu or ask for something different, you'll get an eye-roll or heavy sigh most days). I bring my own tea now. It's either that or no tea at all that's palatable. Service: The waitresses (and they are ALL waitresses with the only males being the bus guys) remind us of that Seinfeld episode where the coffee shop only hires identical girls, but without the charm. At least the Seinfeld ladies were all related, so it made sense. These girls (no one looks to be more than 25 and they have lots of turnover, so there's no loyalty) all look about the same: All wear the equivalent of black running outfits (tank tops and leggings), they are all about 5' 5" or so, thin builds, shoulder-length straight hair, mostly (bleached) blonde, majority Caucasian, and they all look very much alike. It's like you've landed in the Stepford Waitress zone. :) Kind of amusing if their attitudes were good. But they aren't. To them, it's some kind of part-time gig that they can't wait to be over. I mean, my boyfriend said it's like they really want to say "Hey, Dudes, you're just lucky we wait on you at all" instead of "what are you ordering?" Maybe if we were some hot frat guys, we'd get the better service? lolI like the location a lot and the decor is sharp and modern, but I wish I could sub out the servers. The Breakfast Club seems to just take it all for granted. And we all know what happens when that occurs....This place could be amazing, but it just isn't. Good thing for them that there are not very many viable breakfast places in the Valley....Oh, but wait....NOW THERE'S EGGSTASY ON SHEA AND SCOTTSDALE ROAD.....GO THERE. NOW!!!!
4	I think this my favorite breakfast places in Scottsdale so far.  The Bloody Mary was super spicy and pretty dang strong. A little bit pricy though, $10 for a pint glass. I also had an iced Americano that was really good.  So I never order pancakes out because I don't usually like them but I was really in the mood. I got the sweet cream cakes just plain with butter and syrup on the side and seriously I think they're the best pancakes I've ever had. Also the presentation of all the dishes is so lovely it's almost hard to dive in to them! I have to comment though that the service at the bar wasn't the friendliest I've ever experienced, but really that's the only negative.
2	The place to be if you are in your 20's and continuing your all nighter from the previous evening.  Extremely loud and energetic but not if you are looking for a more intimate relaxing breakfast.  First, the positive aspects of our visit was the service at our table.  The waitress attentive and friendly and provided quick service.    Our fresh squeezed juice was excellent, my 7 year old, who is an expert on pancakes, said that they were too gummy and did not taste good.  They remained uneaten on her plate.  My 12 year old's omelet was runny and had to be sent back to the kitchen for further cooking.   The counter service where we ordered smoothies before being seated at our table was the worst I have seen in years.  The girl handling the walk up/carry out counter continually took phone orders and ignored the line waiting patiently.  When I pointed this out I was shushed and received a "talk to the hand".  Extremely rude.  This girl should not be in the customer service industry and has lot to learn.  Not sure why she is in this role when she obviously does not enjoy what she is doing.   We will not be back.  Plenty of other excellent breakfast places in the Phoenix area with friendly staff.
4	I was excited to try the food here due to the mixed reviews! Recommended by my Inlaws and well worth it! Apparently in the summer months no one is busy in Scottsdale so we came in about 9:30am and were quickly seated by a cheerful server. I ordered the grilled cheese breakfast sandwich which was absolutely amazing. No complaints at all! I ordered the mimosa which tasted like only oj, meh. I ordered a side of fresh fruit and it was delicious and ripe slices of watermelon, honey dew, cantaloupe and pineapple, mmmm! I had a great experience here, I hope you do too!
4	I've been here a few times and it never disappoints.  Usually come in here for brunch and each time it's just simple and well done.  Would highly recommend.  The Eggs Benedict are excellent.  Can't go wrong with the Traditional Bene!!! Wait staff is always friendly and love that they also have a coffee bar..
5	We tried a sitdown breakfast today with very good results. As long as you arrive early (before 9am), you will enjoy no waiting in line. The outdoor patio is dog friendly and the cars going bye on Scottsdale road are noisy, so sit inside. The signature french toast was pricey at $14, but the combination of the fresh fruits and walnuts and cinnamon made this a special dish. Also tried an omlette called the bird made with real fresh turkey and huge chunks of avocado. The potatoes had fresh cut onions and peppers and were a nice addition. They are very nice here and give you free refills on iced coffee during meal and after you leave also. One of the better breakfast spots in town if you get there early enough.
2	Let me start off by saying that the food is good here. It was the service that our group received today that was not so good.My company often orders breakfast to go from the Breakfast Club for store meetings. For this meeting we decided we should have an offsite meeting and go to the restaurant. We met this morning (Sunday) at 8:30am. We had a party of four total and my coworker and I were the first to show. The restaurant was busy but we were seated right away. The hostess sat us at a long table that was more of an 8 top rather than a 4 top, which I didn't understand because there were many booths open. Once the rest of our group arrived a few minutes later we were given maybe two to three minutes to look over the menu and the waitress seemed irritated that we weren't  ready to order yet. She seemed like she was in a constant rush the entire time.I ordered the jalapeno biscuits and gravy which were amazing. The flavor of the gravy is great and it is also served with potatoes o brien which were also delicious. My group all finished their food rather quickly because we felt as though we were being rushed through our meal because our waitress constantly was hovering the table asking if we needed anything (in a pestering way not a helpful way). After our plates were cleared I had planned to do a quick team building exercise that would maybe take an extra 15 to 20 minutes max. I do understand that the restaurant was busy but I do not appreciate being rushed out while many other families were enjoying their meals for much longer than we planned to be here. Eventually the waitress came over and stated that she would be seating a party next to us (we were sitting on a bench style seat) which I had no problem with but it was the way in which we were approached that I did not appreciate. I just feel like the entire meal was extremely rushed and that made the experience not enjoyable for our whole team. If I were to plan a breakfast business meeting again anytime soon, I would not bring my business back to the Breakfast Club.It is unfortunate because the food is great. I guess it's to go orders only from here on out.
4	We had the cobb salad, we were staying away from carbs that day.  Very nice place and the salad was good, not great, but its a breakfast place.  Great atmosphere, service a little on the slow side, we were there at 1130 am.  We will return for breakfast.
3	Great Service. Food came out 5 minutes after we ordered in. Everything was tasty, but my husband really enjoyed his "border bowl".
5	This place is my go-to every weekend. Their BC iced coffee is incredible and the eggs Benedict is good. Get there before 10AM if you don't want to have a wait.
4	I agree with other reviews that the service and food are both fantastic. Considering how busy they, the BC  is able to churn out satisfied customers and that includes me. My friend and I arrived and 10:10 with people waiting and by 10:15 we got a table...the key is to tell the hostess that you want the first available table and poof...! Voila..My friend got an omelette and I got the eggs benedict with smoked salmon. I also like  the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice. Our server McKenzie was very pleasant and the food came out in no time. Prices are moderate considering what we ate.
1	Just AWFUL. Please take my advice, don't even give it a chance. Like I did. Major-HUGE mistake. Awful coffee. Awful pancakes. And just the most awful service!
5	Food and service were amazing! We went on Sunday before labor day with a large group (bachelorette party) and were seated without waiting too long, and the waitress split all our checks with no issues. The restaurant is clean and the style/decor is fresh. The food was yummy-- one of the best smoked salmon bene's i've had. the pickles in the bloody mary are also yummy!
1	Hip and trendy it is, great food it is not. Coke in a bottle it has. No Diet Coke here despite the fact that in most of the country DC out sells Classic Coke. Ice tea instead?  Only if you like obnoxious flavorings. Menu description of French toast is enticing; delivery not so much.  What lands on your plate is a soggy mess with no toast attributes of any sort.  It's obvious that the cook has no idea of what French toast is supposed to be or how to prepare it. I'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day.  Suggest they visit the Landmark in the Time Warner building in NYC to have the best.
3	Nice food, cute atmosphere, crappy service, and a $5 discount to make up for an extra 30 minutes of our time.  My friend put our name in just before 9:50am and was told there would be about a 20 minute wait - sure, no problem.  After about 35 minutes, we asked what was happening and the hostess had somehow lost our name (even though my friend saw her write it down).  Somehow, it took almost another 10 minutes to seat us after that (but at least we were waiting inside), and then the server took ages to appear at the table.Once our server took the order (I may have barked that we were in a hurry, irritated after waiting at the table with no greeting), the food came out quickly and exactly like we ordered it.  My friend and I each had an omelet, and they were both fresh and light and cooked perfectly.  When the bill came, they'd knocked $5 off the check for our trouble.  That was nice of them, but, frankly, they didn't seem at all sorry (thought they said the words).  I doubt we'll be back.
5	The best breakfast spot in Arizona!! I try to go at least once a week. Make sure to try the bacon too :)
4	Great breakfast spot in Scottsdale.  Awesome menu selections, helpful staff, and FAST service.!
5	This is one of my go to places every time someone sets a morning meeting in downtown Scottsdale.  I typically order a veggie omelette or breakfast burrito and have never been let down.  The food is consistently good. the service is always exceptional and the staff is friendly - even after we have finished our meal, have had two more cups of coffee and have stayed 20 more minutes talking.
4	Great place for a Sunday brunch if you don't mind waiting a while for a seat. This place is delicious and popular but very packed. We waited longer than we would have liked, but once we were seated the service was great and the food was delicious.
5	Probably my fifth time eating here..  It is definitely becoming my favorite breakfast spot..  The menu is simple yet complex in flavorful choices.  I always get the Turkey and eggs combo and it is always great..  The waitresses are great, I am not a chatty person and they are always good at noticing this..  I just want to read my paper or play on my phone and not be bothered at 6 or 7 in the morning; they seem to get it.  I will definitely continue to return thru ought the week as I have not been disappointed yet..  Thanks BC staff, keep up the great work..
5	Really great fresh squeezed juice and smoothies to start. I had the border bowl which was one of the best meals I've had for breakfast! My boyfriend got their French toast which looked great as well!! Great open ambiance, with outdoor seating as well.
3	Overrated. Like, this place is bland. I come here frequently because of the convenient location, but every time I leave like "meh." A lot of calories and a lot of dollars for little satisfaction, imho. EXCEPTION: I got the steak and eggs the other day and drooled it was so good. But everything else I've had here is #basic.
4	I know I'm dreadfully late with this review but as I keep all receipts, here we go!  They accommodated our entire family of six adults and one child at one long group of tables very well.  We got there first and had to wait for the rest of the gang which was fine as we watched food go past us and had our coffee and juice.This place does fill up rapidly so either get there early or after the crowds have come and gone.  The service was good as was the food.  As it was family we all took bites of each others meals of hash browns, shroom omelet, and a nice salmon Benedict ($14.00).  Wish we had ordered the french toast because it did look very good.  There were no complaints from anyone at our table about food or service and for our entire party the bill was $68.00 which was for food and drinks.  The decor is a bit retro but nice and the view of Scottsdale while you nom is great...especially if you are from someplace that doesn't have mountains and palm trees.
3	I was very surprised that this restaurant (that I had been told to try by lots of people) was only very average. It was a long wait (which was normal I guess) but the hostesses were not very nice and neither was our waitress. All of the staff seemed a little stuck up. The breakfast menu was pretty standard and a little overpriced. The biscuits and gravy were $11 and it was not big at all. Usually for that amount of b&g it's only $7/8 at other places. All of the food my  table got was only luke warm, which was a major downer.  Also, it was NFL Sunday and they had a good amount of tvs inside. Only problem was, there were two games on tv and they had infomercials and news on every tv except one. It just seems like this place could be better if they did some things different and tried to be better then average.
5	This place is a daily must for me! I don't feel like I've accurately woken up for the day until I get a breakfast club sandwich. This place is always supper affordable, comfortable environment, and the ladies at the coffee bar are fantastic!
3	Food took forever. I felt like they were trying to kick us out halfway through our meal. Good food and chai tea
5	Awesome omelette & coffee. Have got to explore more of its menu.
2	I've had decent experiences here in the past, though it always reminds me of that episode of Seinfeld where Elaine is complaining about all the waitresses at Monk's Diner looking the same. Today was pretty terrible. First of all, I ordered buckwheat pancakes, bacon, and hash browns. The butter for my pancakes had a hair in it. The bacon was good. The hash browns were the greasiest I'd ever seen. Just covered in oil. I've had better from Waffle House. I won't be back for quite a while.
3	I was in town for a wedding and the day after....let's just say we were starving. While in town we kept hearing great things about the Breakfast Club. We called to see how long the wait would be and were quoted 45 minutes. It was only .05 miles away so we decided to walk in the sweltering heat there. Upon arrival the time wait was now 55 minutes, but bar was open seating.We were lucky enough to get 3 open seats at the bar. The place was really crowded. I ordered the Huevos Con Masa and just thought it was okay. The corn bread was pretty good, but I wasn't a fan of the poach egg and the potatoes that come on the side lacked flavor. The Chili dish it came with help spice it up a little bit, but I have had better. I'm a huge brunch fan so it was a little disappointing. I also had the breakfast soda mixed with pineapple juice. Again nothing to write home about. The staff was really nice and it was definitely pack! I would probably give this place another try and order something different if I was back in the area.
3	Breakfast club was a nice breakfast spot in OldTown Scottsdale. They have a good menu with quality breakfast items that were reasonably priced. The food was good, nothing special however. When I ordered coffee, it came out cold, but the waitress replaced it quickly. The staff was friendly but service was average. Overall it was good, but nothing special. Good spot to bring co-workers or friends. Oh there might be a little wait early morning and during lunch time.
5	This is an excellent breakfast place.  I was in town for business, and I came here three days in a row.  The first day I had Huevos Con Masa, the second day was Huevos Rancheros, and the third day was a Quick Start of eggs and bacon.  I was always surprised at how quickly my food came out (about ten minutes).  They were all excellent.  The servers are all pretty and cheerful.  The only small complaints I have are the exhaust from cars on Scottsdale Road I smelled sitting outside (not the restaurant's fault), and the fact that a server short-changed me the fraction of a dollar on my bill.  I'm a 20% tipper, but when she did that, I reduced her tip accordingly.  All in all, a great place for brekkie in Scottsdale.
4	I liked this place! Nice interior layout, great plate presentations, and i enjoyed the flavors of the breakfast dishes! Its loud in here, but its a great place to definitely enjoy brunch with friends and family!
5	Funny, my husband suggested the Breakfast Club,my spot he and the boys ate at during Spring Training.  Funny, because he said it was, "okay.""Okay" did not sound like a rave review, but it was our last meal before leaving Scottsdale, my hubby doesn't ask for much, and how can you fail at breakfast?So, we were there mid week and late in the morning. The restaurant was busy,not full, we opted to eat outside.  I could see how this spot could be popular because of the location and if the food was "okay," even more so.  I suspect that during Spring Training, the boys waited to be seated and felt the rush of people waiting .... But "okay" doesn't sound stellar, does it?Wow. Was I ever impressed!  I ordered the Portobello Eggs Benedict.  Excellent. Hollandaise and Bordelaise sauces?  Why yes, and thank you! Plated beautifully, with fresh fruit and Potatoes O'Brien.  Delish.The hubs ordered pancakes and they did not disappoint. Accompanying hash brown potatoes were especially yum.  He has a thing about hash browns, and these were tasty.   Our server was friendly and attentive...Yes, I was totally impressed. So A-Okay!
3	Great breakfast and great staff! Had the Bird omelet and it was chock full of Turkey and avocados.  Great experience.
4	I've heard about this place, and I had to ck it out! Great location and setup, food was amazing and pricing was fair. I will definitely make this "A MUST" every time I go  to Scottsdale. Thanks again for the great service Ve!
4	This breakfast was well worth the 45 minute wait for a table. I had the Quick Start Loaded which was delicious. I love places that don't use a grill lube that you can taste. Potatoes were good and the 9 grain toast was tasty. The service was quick and I appreciated seeing how quickly they cleaned and reset tables - it really kept things flowing.
5	I had a breakfast bowl it was amazing and the service was awesome yes it was very busy but the wait was not long and the waitress was very attentive I will definitely come back maybe even tomorrow!
5	This place is amazing!  I would recommend it to anyone!  Customer service was amazing and their hash browns were so unique and delicious!  They had onions ands bell peppers in them!! So great!! Fun environment and you can sit inside or outside.. love it
5	The Starbucks of Breakfast. They Signature French Toast was from another world. I have been here maybe a dozen times and have never been disappointed. "Must Go" in you are ever in Scottsdale.
5	Wow! Amazing breakfast place so much variety! Love the vibes lots of people and energy yet casual and fun. Enjoyed sitting at the bar if you don't want to wait for a table. We loved the huevos con masa, the cornbread was delicious. The French toast was some of the best I have ever had! Panacake was good but French toast much better. Orange juice was a little bitter maybe due to season.
4	This was my first time here and it was fun to meet up with some fellow Yelpers for a top secret UYE. Actually it was a great opportunity to meet Larry W from CA/TX as he drove through on his way back home. COOL!We arrived on a Saturday around Noonish and the place was super packed. They had a pretty good wait list and everyone outside looked very hungry.Ordered the Border Bowl and a giant glass of freshly squeezed OJ. Other members went with the Whole Hog plate, Eggs Benedict, a Caesar Chicken Wrap and some type of Veggie Dish.Everything was delicious and the portions were very large. The fresh squeezed OJ was definitely good and something I've not had in a long time. The Bloody Marys looked fantastic and were giant.We all had a great time visiting and the service was excellent. The menu has something for everyone and this would be a place that I'd bring the family back for a special occasion.The parking can be a little tricky and it is mostly behind the building. Just take you time and be careful driving in this part of town. The locals are pretty crazy and some of the streets nearby go around in circles. Dang shopping malls.See ya there next time and remember you can eat breakfast at any time of the day. There is no real written rule. ORDER UP!4 STARS
5	Aces to this place. Great atmosphere and they give you a run for the money. I got the ham and 4 eggs platter. The order came out right quick. But. When I asked for Greek toast. I guess she thought I said wheat. Doesn't matter. They gave me one slice and cut it in half. I had a problem with the eggs. They were cooked to perfection, but they were placed on top of each other, 2 by 2. As I only eat the yoke, they broke apart and I didn't have enough bread to slop them up. The ham was phenomenal. Nice and juicy. Portions in this town are not what I expected. We're not in Chicago anymore!
4	Ambiance is perfect!  Service was under 10 minutes on a Saturday morning!  Management was personable and took care of us! Thank you Stephen!
5	Thanks to a friend for recommending this place. Perfect to start your day with a hearty breakfast. I had the whole hog omelet. This piece of art had Ham, bacon, sausage chorizo and pepper jack cheese with a drizzled creme on top. It was huge and delicious. The juice is fresh and helped wash everything down. Good service and food at reasonable prices. I will return
4	Came here based on the recommendation of a few people we met during our stay in Scottsdale. We ordered:  Breakfast Bowl - Think breakfast burrito without the tortilla and with pork green chili on top of your scramble.  Huevos Rancheros - Breakfast tostada bowl but the tortilla is not crispy.  Topped with green chili sauce. Biscuits and gravy - very dense. Not too much flavorMushroom omelette - needed more mushroom.  Creme fraiche is pretty much sour cream. Overall, food was good.  Some dishes were better than others.  We recommend getting the dishes with the pork chili, since the chili was really tasty.  Service:  Very nice.  Ambience:  Cute, casual breakfast joint.  Pretty large place with ample seats inside and outside.Parking: Ample rear parking Overall:  For food, we would give 3.5-4 stars.  Good breakfast joint but short of mind blowing. If you are near by, I'd pop in but I wouldn't go out of my way for this one.
4	I'm gonna judge on food and than will rate customer service at bottom. The food was fantastic! I ordered the breakfast grilled cheese and it was phenomenal! The mushroom ommlet was also very yummy and filling, however the fruit served with it was out of season and bitter. The orange juice was OK and for the price I would definently sit it out the next time I go there. Now the customer service.. our waitress was pretty snooty..look I know I wasn't dressed in the best clothes. Lulu lemon yoga pants and a victoria secret hoodie but It was breakfast time and I was comfy get over it. Yet the table next to us where the girl who apperead to be around the same age as me was wearing a nice shirt and carrying a Louis bag got a huge friendly smile while you just had a blank dull fake smile when you talked to us..you would have gotten a good tip, but instead your attitude was unprofessional and rude. Not impressed with that aspect.
3	As soon as I walked in the door, I felt a little unwelcome. The hostess, I felt was a little lazy. She asked me to choose my own table, maybe because it was a little slow, that part I understand. But I feel like you should put more enthusiasm when greeting customers walking to the door. The food was ok. I got the turkey and eggs. A bland for me. The waitress was a lil stern but I guess that's just how she is because she checked on me periodically like she was supposed to. Idk, I might give this another chance.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place. I've come here 5 times in the last 2 weeks. The outdoor/indoor set up is really great on a beautiful day. The staff is fantastic and on top of things. They give you coffee and bottled water to go! And the border bowl is by far the best mix of greatness I've ever had. 4 scrambled eggs, peppers, hash browns, sausage, ham, and topped with pork green chili that melts in your mouth. Oh yeah and I forgot to mention the pancakes. They are literally a little slice of heaven. IHOP be damned.
4	The Breakfast Club was a great choice for eating breakfast on our stay in Arizona. Our party of 6 went in a busy Saturday, but the BC was on top if it's game. The coffee bar was great for while you were waiting for a table. When we ordered and got our food, it was tasty and delicious. Everything was great for breakfast, even the drinks from the bar. Highly recommend.
5	Walked in and was immediately welcomed. I ordered the house Bloody Mary and unfortunately, I wasn't impressed one bit. However, the food made up for it! I ordered the bird omelette that looked like it had a whole bird and avocado inside. The portions are huge so I wouldn't recommend kicking your plate clean. My brother ordered the border bowl and my oh my was it tasty. There were so many flavors in the bowl and it too was a large amount. I need to go back soon!
5	Great food and service. The price may seem a bit high, but you get a ton of good food ! Noise level was good-I could easily converse with my friends.
