3	My wife, her parents and I went to this restaurant last night for dinner. It is possibly the most expensive restaurant at the Cosmopolitan. We had reservations and we arrived on time. The friendly employee said we had to wait a few minutes for our table to be ready and suggested we wait at the bar. We hung out near the bar area, but weren't interested in a drink. We only had to wait about two minutes-not bad. We got a nice seat and looked at the menu. The list on entrees are very small. It is small because they have a lot of fish choices and a separate raw bar menu. So the menu is deceptively small.  There is a "fish market" like set-up in which you and your server go to check out the fish and shellfish resting on crushed ice. Most of the fish run about $50 a pound and average about 3 pounds. You have to get the whole fish so sharing is the norm in this restaurant. We had a grilled branzino (they called it something else) which was incredible and our grilled octopus appetizer was possibly the best dish I have ever had-anywhere! It was that good. That being said, I am only giving this restaurant 3 stars because of the Lobster Pasta we shared. At $120 for a serving for two, it better have been fantastic. It wasn't. I don't think Macaroni Grill offers a Lobster Pasta, but if they did it would be better than this! Estiatorio Milos needs to spruce up the Lobster Pasta dish immediately or remove it from their menu.A nice balcony with a fairly good view. Looks to be great for a dinner party.As for expensive, four people ran about $150 per person. OUCH! Top Ramen for us for a while!
5	First of all the Cosmopolitian is one of the most beautiful casinos I've been to in Las Vegas. The first night we got in town, my wife and I decided to try Estatorio Milos. The concept is high end Mediterranean seafood... Truly amazing. They encourage "family style" or sharing for everyone. We started off with the "Milos Special" which is pan-fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki sauce and this "saganaki" cheese around the outside. Next we had the Most-amazing Octopus ever. The meal ended perfectly with a salt-crusted Sea Bass that was one of the best fish I've ever had. It was complimented perfectly with a Greek tomato salad, that our server recommended with it. The experience ended with Baklava and Yogurt with Honey on top.Overall I would say the entire experience was a knockout! The new concept is exciting, even for Vegas. The service was great and so was the ambiance.Reading the reviews below it seems like they have mad the necessary adjustments in service. The prices are fairly high but on-par for the rest of Vegas. After all they do fly in the fish everyday from Greece!
4	The low ratings in Yelp really dont do justice to this place. I was there for Xmas eve. I left as a happy customer. Sharing all plates is the way to go. We were 3 in our table and paid around $88 per person (tip included). We ordered 2 appetizers: grilled scallops and the mushrooms plate. Both were fantastic. As a side dish we had the tomato salad with fete cheese. As main course I had a fish from the market fish. Cannot remember the name of the sucker, however it was big, meaty, fresh and delicious. I really enjoyed the "feast" concept of Milos. Also, being in the new Cosmopolitan makes it very attractive.
1	We went to Milo's the Sunday before Christmas.  Its incredibly expensive and horrible.  Essentially, gastronomic torture.  I should note we weren't looking for a crazy expensive, special dinner.  That was probably the problem.  We had done that the night before at Okada, which was 5 star awesome as usual.First, the service was horrible --- it took forever to get anybody's attention, our drinks, the appetizers or the meal.Second, this place is $$$.  There were just 5 choices for entrees, all $48+.  There was lobster ravioli for 2 for $120, market price fish, and 3 meat entrees, all $48-$68.  For wine, there were maybe 2-3 options for red below $100.  We ordered the $60 Duckhorn Merlot and the waiter sneered "that is a great value choice, sir."  It was insulting to hear that from him.The appetizers were OK (after 45 minutes when they finally came). We ordered the lobster pasta.  3 of the 4 of us honestly felt sick to our stomachs afterwards, nauseous.  Anyway, there you have it.  If your life's desire is to go to Milos, go ahead.  Otherwise, give them some time to get this place up to par.  There are way too many other good restaurants in Vegas.Maybe the fish is great.  I don't know - we didn't try it.  A guy comes over with it to your table and spends 15 minutes picking out the bones for you, hunched over, tableside.  If that's your thing, give that a try
4	The family (party of five) gathered at Milos for a Greek Christmas celebration. We had reservations at 7:00 on Christmas Eve. We were promptly seated in the center of the room, the table behind us had a young toddler dining with them, they had to move our table to allow room around the wee ones' stroller. I was less than thrilled. When plates run a minimum of $50 you don't expect to dine with kiddos. I tried my best to forgive the screetches and wails, but I was annoyed. Thankfully, his parents gave him some animal crackers to keep him happy while they enjoyed their meal. Fortunately, this allowed us to look over our menus in peace. By the time our first course arrived, the toddler and family cleared out. The rest of evening was quite nice.Sides and salads start at $15 and run up to $46 or market price, but everything is served in large portions with sharing in mind. There is also a raw menu with a varied selection.We started with the Milos Special ($27),  Spreads ($15) and Scallops ($18). We snacked on fresh bread and Milos' sister's EVOO. The Milos Special was delicious, paper thin slices of eggplant and zucchini are lightly breaded, beautifully fried and served with cool and creamy tzatziki sauce. The spreads included tzatziki, hummus, split pea and  taramosalata (pureed cod roe). While all were tasty, it was the tzatziki and hummus that were the crowd favorites. The scallops were tender yet perfectly seared to lock in that sweet flavor. The could only be better if there were more of them.The lamb chops ($48) were mighty tempting, but we all agreed to choose a fish from the fish market. We walked over, we got a lesson in the offerings and we chose a 6-lb fagri for $49/lb. The fish is weighed, and that's the price you pay per person (there is about 1.5 lbs of waste). Pricey? Yes, but it is a unique experience and it's not every day that you can enjoy a fresh fish from the Mediterranean.The fish is salt-baked and fileted tableside. It's a treat to watch the chef break into the crust, pull away the skin and de-bone the fish with such finesse. Everyone received their share topped with olive oil and capers, and it was accompanied by a healthy helping of farmers market kale. The flavors are simple to allow the freshness and true tastes to shine. The salt locks in the moisture during baking leaving a supremely juicy fish.Service was prompt and friendly throughout. A few beers, a cocktail and a glass of greek wine were ordered, along with a couple iced-teas, the final tab was about $100/person.  Spendy for your average meal, but reasonable for a special occasion with a group.
4	Definitely worth trying once, if not twice!  If your significant other likes seafood, I would definitely recommend Estiatorio Milos as a date night restaurant to try.  Classy layout and presentation, Delicious food, but not so addicting that I would become a regular.  (inside of the new Cosmopolitan Hotel!)The restaurant itself looks cozy from the outside, but quite spacious once stepping inside.  The waiters are forced to wear ridiculous blue checkered tablecloth-like shirts with bright yellow ties, which my friends and I agreed need to be changed to something sleeker.  Despite the outfits, they are incredibly personable, friendly, and knowledgeable.  Some $$$$ restaurants have snooty waiters who make me feel intimidated/uncomfortable, but I did not get that vibe at all here.  Our waiter was attentive, the food was served in a timely fashion, and there was hardly any lag time at all during our meal.  Before ordering, we were given a mini tour of the fish display to allow us to decide which fish we wanted to order.  It is a rare fish display to see in an American restaurant, and of course I took a picture in front of it haha.  Our waiter helped us pick out our fish based on what kind of flavors and consistency we wanted.  (We went with the Lavraki - fattier/more flavorful than a sea bass)For appetizers, we ordered the Milos Special ("Paper-thin zucchini and eggplant are fried crispy and served with a tzatziki sauce and graviera cheese saganaki") which was really well battered, fried, and prepared.  The zucchini and eggplant were well complemented by the fried cheese and yogurt.  We ate it in about 10 seconds.  We also ordered a tomato salad simply because I was craving tomatoes.  The salad was delicious, but nothing spectacular.  We also considered ordering the 3 lb. whole fish because it is a prized menu item ("The Lupe de Mare is cooked in sea salt in order to keep the fish as juicy as possible. The cooked fish is finished with hand picked sea salt from Kythira Island, extra virgin olive oil and capers. The fish is served whole at the table for our guests to share"), but we decided that 3 lbs. was maybe a bit too much fish since we were ordering so many sides.  So, we opted for a 2.5 pound fish instead.  The fish was really amazing - grilled with some olive oil, lemon, pepper, and whatever else was on it.  The flavor was so delicate and light that you could still taste the flavor of the fish itself, which I find is not so common in America.  Americans seem to love their fish doused in butter and sauces that sometimes I can't tell if I'm eating fish or chicken.  But, this fish was so light and rich in flavor that my friends and I agreed it was worth getting again.  Plus, the skin was grilled to the point of perfection that it was crispy but still greasy and fatty.  Along with the fish we ordered sides of brussels sprouts and spinach.  Both were great.
4	Was it expensive?  Yes.  Was the seafood awesome?  Yes.  Will I go back again and eat more of the amazing food there?  Yes!  Was the service good?  Absolutely.  Definitely talk with the guys behind the oyster bar and find out what they recommend.  I ate some of the best oysters I've ever had at this restaurant.  The salt crusted grilled fish (ask them what they recommend) was killer!Save up for a few weeks and enjoy some of the best seafood in Vegas.
4	In a nutshell: 5 of us walk in, are given a tour of the indoor fish market by Greek Woody Harrelson who talks us into ordering two separate fish. Sashimi platter is presented by the sushi chef and I eat the best tuna I have ever eaten. 45 minutes and one bottle of wine later, the salt crusted fish is camera worthy and tastes delicious. I can't tell you what the bill was because I blocked that memory out.
1	dined at Milos in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel on 2/5 after the UFC fights.  So it was a late dinner (10:15 reservation).  When our party of 9 arrived we had a short delay being seated but nothing close to the wait we had next door at STK the night before - maybe 15 mins tops.The waiter took our orders promptly but that's when the problem began.  It took almost 45 mins to get our calimari and our tomato salad.  An hour and a half later we told them we were leaving without having our entrees.  The waiter stammered about the restaurant being busy (we were one of only a handful of tables left occupied in the restaurant at midnite - nowhere near as full as when we arrived).  We waited a couple of minutes for the two orders of fish and a rib eye to arrive.Since we wanted to get to the club sooner than later we inhaled the entrees and bailed.The manager had to get involved and they took 20% off the tab but the damage was done.Btw - the fish (forgot which two we ordered) was very tasty.  The rib eye was way below average.  The rib eye was ordered medium and was delivered very well done.  An order of Lamb was ordered well done and arrived very rare ( I guess the chef just couldn't bear to  serve it well done but what's their excuse for overcooking the rib eye?)
1	Went to Milos last night with friends to celebrate a birthday.  First, they were about an hour late seating us (we had reservations at 8:30pm).  When we did get seated, the waiter took our drink order and didn't return for at least 45 min.  We ordered appetizers, the calimari and tomato salad (which tasted wonderful), but it took forever to get those as well.  Two hours after ordering our dinner, we finally ate, but only after one of my friends made a complaint.  I had the salmon and we shared the fried potatos and greens.  They were ok, but definitely not worth the price and wait.  I'd skip it.
5	My girlfriend and I visited Milos on Saturday night.  The Cosmopolitan is extremely crowded and not a very big casino in respect to other casinos around town.We walked in without reservations.  The average wait time was around 45 minutes.  We ended up sitting at one of the very nice tables at the bar.  The tables there are true dining tables and not your standard bar tables you might find in most restaurants.We ordered crab cakes, wine, lobster (the spiny kind) and the fillet.  The lobster definitely wasn't worth the price (nearly $200 per lobster) but the steak was easily one of the best i've had in a while.  The wine was good and the crab cakes were fresh and fantastic.The atmosphere at Milos and at the Cosmo are unparalleled.  It's easily the most "upscale" and trendy casino in all of Vegas.  Milos is exceptionally decorated.  It is quite pricey though.  Our bill ended up near $350 for the two of us but it was well worth the cost for such a lavish experience.
1	Drawbacks: - Took at least an hour to get seated (9:15 reservation, 10:15 seated)- Every dish we requested was sold out so the entire table had snapper- Had to ask our waiter for a cocktail and he didn't end up bringing it- Had to go to the bar for a cocktail, while we were seated- Brought the salad with the entree (when we requested it before they said it comes with dinner)- The manager was absolutely dreadful. He kept pushing us off just saying that the restaurant was busy. In the end he picked up a round of drinks off of our bill. That does not make up for the lack of service we received. Positives: - Beautiful room - The tomato salad was good and freshUltimately I would not suggest this restaurant. There are too many restaurants in Las Vegas that are able to pull off  good service AND good food. Without the poor service, the food wouldn't make me a repeat customer.
1	I was in Vegas for a friend's 30th birthday over Valentine's Day weekend. As she is Greek and she hadn't visited the Cosmopolitan yet, she thought it was a sure bet to eat at Estiatorio Milos for dinner. Not so much.We didn't get seated until almost an hour after our reservation (with the restaurant continually telling us that our table was being set up). If the hostess had just said "hey, we are running behind. Why don't you get a drink at the bar?" we would have been more than happy to do so. Instead, when we were seated we were all starving and not all all tipsy. A glass of wine would have been a good relaxant to prepare for what was coming next. The restaurant brought bread, but no water. As the whole table was starving, we were trying to eat the dry bread with no water, choking. No menus. No silverware. Getting a glass of wine took 40 minutes, every time. After countless service frustrations, a member of our party asked to speak to a manager. She then repeated that request several more times throughout the meal to our server. The manager did not ever present himself during our meal. At the end, we tracked him down and recounted our service ordeal (he was the guy I had complained to earlier who told me he was a sommelier). He never did apologize, in the end trying to explain our issues to him was a waste of breath. We weren't looking for a reduction in the bill. We just wanted a "I'm sorry. That is unacceptable."The only saving grace for this restaurant is the food. It was divine. We ordered 2 roasted fish(es?), a bunch of sides, salads and appetizers. The octopus, snapper, and beets with goat cheese really stood out. I also enjoyed the tomato salad - simple and delicious. Some people at the table ordered seared tuna, which was apparently not as impressive as the whole roasted fish. There were 11 of us at dinner, we did not order bottles of wine (but did have a few glasses), and our bill was $1400. Ouch. The space is beautiful, as is the Cosmopolitan. The service is so horrible it will ruin your evening. No matter how good the food is, I will never return to this restaurant. I cannot reward such bad behavior with a return trip. When people are paying more than $100 per person for dinner, they expect to be treated with at least a little bit of respect.
1	Terribly disappointing restaurant after going there with such high hopes, especially after perusing the menu and learning about the chef.When you're paying this kind of money for dinner, first and foremost you expect at the minimum good service and realistically the service should be superior.  Milos delivered the worst service my wife and I have experienced a restaurant at this price point.Not seeing your server for 15 minutes after getting seating was our first clue.  To her credit, my wife suggested that we leave, but I foolishly wanted to stick it out.  Eventually our server arrived, visibly frazzled and edgy.  He blew through the menu and specials like he was being timed in a race.  We never received bread, though I felt we hit the lottery when the assistant sommelier took care of pouring our wine, because we knew our server would not.To our left, the gentleman had to send back his undercooked steak, and then had to flag down his server for the check.  To our right, the woman demanded a new server and asked for the manager.  Salt in the wound...  for some reason they didn't replace the server.To show that Milos discriminates against no one, our server was also serving the Cosmo CEO and his guest.  From what I could tell, he was on the receiving end of the same treatment.And the perfect cherry for this Greek sundae of awfulness...  on our way out my wife met two women in the restroom who were also complaining that the service was the "worst they've experienced."Oh, I guess I should say something about the food.  Terribly overpriced stone crab claws w/ bland sauce (though quite fresh).  My wife's oysters were superb, and the Milos special was tasty.  We had the same fish for our main course.  I found it decent but hardly worth the price, with an overly salty sauce.  And both fish were full of bones, though they're supposed to be de-boned.  We didn't stick around for dessert because we had already been there for over two hours.The atmosphere was disappointing as well.  Incredibly loud and bright inside - absolutely not a romantic environment if that's what you're thinking/seeking.  Milos - get your act together, and do it quickly.  Not that I'll ever know, because I'll never return.
3	The service here is very good. This was the first dining experience I had at the Cosmo and the food was just OK.I guess I was expecting a little something extra when I was paying $50/lb for my fish. The waiter said that normally the fish dishes are meant to be shared family style. I recommend the Hortopites for an appetizer. Anything wrapped in phyllo dough is a win for me. It has wild greens, feta cheese and other goodies wrapped up in a crispy, little, delicious package. It was really delicious.Also the baklava is AMAZE!At the end of the meal, I was satisfied. However, I could just not stop thinking about how I could get the same tasting meal at a local Greek restaurant for much cheaper.
3	The food was amazing and the bar was amazing. but the service sucked. It took forever to get seated despite calling first from our room to make sure the reservation was indeed secured. I only got seated bc I got mad at the staff and asked why someone else was getting seated before I was when I specificaly asked beforehand to be seated around 8pm. if the service was good it would have gotten 5 stars. The fish is expensive too. a 3 lb fish serves 2 people. look to spend $50/lb on fish. the greek salad is amazing- Fresh feta cheese, and I dont even like greek salad!
5	I went here three weeks ago. It was one of the better meals I've had in Vegas and I've been pretty much everywhere. I noticed that the bad reviews seemed to be centered around service issues. When I was there the kinks seemed to be worked out. Highly recommended.
4	Great for lunch! They'vegot a three course lunch for $20.11 that can't be beat....everything was delicious, including the grilled bread they start you off with and some yummy olive oil to dip it in.  Service was a little spotty but they're just getting used to the lunch rush so be a little patient.   The walnut cake for dessert was so good we ordered another one and a baklava......don't miss out on great greek food in a beautiful room.
5	Excellent service, excellen food. We had a 10 pm reservation and were promptly seated. Our waiter was very helpful and suggested several items for us to chose from. We had the oysters and tomato salad for starters and a grilled fish entree. All were excellent as was the service. Our best meal in Vegas.
2	As a lover of food, especially fish, I recommend Milos for ONE reason.  The quality of the food.  If you want the freshest fish in town, come here.However...if you value great service, fantastic atmosphere, and want to be happy you just spent a few hundred dollars on a meal for two, don't come here.We started off with a glass of wine (greek selections only by the glass) It didn't make me wanna take my shoes off and squish grapes at a winery...it was just ok.We TRIED to order regular jumbo prawns, but "teeth" (that's her nickname) suggested the Portuguese Longines Shrimp.  WRONG!!!I not only managed to slice my thumb and jab my pointer finger trying to open this, but also got lemon juice in that same wound!  It was a nightmare!!  First off, I've never seen one of these "shrimp" before, and they're life size!  They come looking devious, with two giant claws and eyes bulging and beady!  Shortly after, I took the "class" out of fine dining and said "Can I please have a shot of Jameson and a Coors Light?"  (They didn't have Coors Light, and I immediately don't trust a restaurant that doesn't carry Coors Light!)We also ordered grilled peppers thinking they'd come out like the delicious Mediterranean style, with a bold flavor, spices, vinaigrette, and more...NOPE.Finally, our fish (Sea Bass) came out, it was very fresh, but very boring.  It was simple, with Olive Oil, Capers, and Lemon, but nothing Mediterranean about it.  Matter of fact, nothing about this experience was Greek/Mediterranean, so that was a disappointment.Service was poorly executed.  Glasses were empty, we had to ask another server (on top of the two we had designated to us) to refill drinks, and might have seen our main server twice.Not a great first time experience, I won't go back.  One solo entertaining moment...the gentleman to the left of us was wearing the IDENTICAL shirt as the servers...note to self, DO NOT wear a blue and white plaid long sleeve button up when dining at Milos!!  Very funny, and the only thing that made us smile besides the company of each other  ; )
5	I recently organized a dinner at Milos in the 'Luxury Room' for a party of 35 people. The restaurant exceeded my expectations in every way.The service was impeccable. Everything we ate was so fresh, delicious and beautifully prepared, and the space is beautiful. I can't recommend this restaurant highly enough. Meals for 35+ people can be a challenge, but our meal (four different starter plates, entree and dessert platters) was very well paced and every dish that came out was excellent.The servers went above and beyond to make sure that our guests had a great experience and I will definitely be eating here again on my next trip to Las Vegas.Don't miss these menu items:Milos special appetizerTomato salad with FetaGrilled Shrimp appetizerLavraki with capersSemolina customer phyllo pastry dessert
1	I had HIGH HOPES for this place.  I held my patience for 10 minutes longer than possible to give them a chance to redeem.  Nope!Elagant decor, and light and airy atmospherr buy the utter lack of customer service, quickly overshadowed these.Its hard to get me to leave before I order, but... I did.  Terrible service, and total lack of concern.Cant believe this place is associated with the Cosmopolotan.  I love that Hotel/casino, but not this place.
5	Food is excellent here! Each dish was prepared with a few ingredients, but it brought out a medley of flavors in my mouth. Some appetizers that's a must try: Octopus, Milos Special, Grilled Peppers, and Tomato Salad.I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that's looking for great tasting healthy food!!!!
5	Really Fantastic. Not sure why the reviews only say average. Beautiful modern Mediterranean  ambiance overlooking the strip. Awesome food. Very fresh. Finely detailed. Incredible prefix for lunch, great value. More of a refined Mediterranean fish restaurant with fine Greek undertones. Not Greek. Anyway. I defiantly recommend it. I don't know how you could possibly be disappointed.
4	I have to admit I was really shocked when I saw the reviews listed here after such a great experience at this restaurant last night.I got to the cosmopolitan around 10 pm to meet a group who had partially already ate. Some of our group was starving so we made our way up to the third floor where we put in our name for a table at STK. The place was a mad house and we were ready to sit and eat so we chose instead to head to Estiatorio Milos directly next door. The fact that I have taken meat out of my diet made this a more favorable choice anyhow.Our party of 8 was seated at a large table within minutes of walking in the door. A number of us promptly walked over to the kitchen where a selection of fish was on ice. A waiter walked us through the different fish options and before we knew it, we had chosen a large red snapper. Then we headed back to the table where we ordered a large selection of appetizers including the grilled octopus, 12 jumbo shrimp, calamari, and a beefsteak tomato & onion salad. .As we waited both bread as well as flatbread were delivered to the table. This reminded us we needed hummus as had their spread selection sent out.The food started arriving and we all dug in; including the group that had already eaten. The grilled octopus was to die for, and the beefsteak and onion salad was a perfect blend; not overwhelming on the onion as many of those salads can be. The jumbo shrimp were sweet and meaty; cooked with a blend of mouthwatering spices. The calamari, well, it was calamari- nothing too exciting there. The chef sent out a few complimentary plates to the table that included a spicy tuna tartar and sashimi as well as a tower of fried zucchini & eggplant (probably my least favorite item I had that evening). And, throughout the entire meal, I couldn't stop eating the flatbread and hummus! All of that food disappeared quickly with everyone at the table absolutely thrilled with the food we had thus far eaten. When I say all, I mean we ate EVERYTHING!And then the snapper came. For some reason I had come to the conclusion they had forgotten about it, but the waitress explained that it takes about 10 minutes per pound to cook. Now, I am not a huge cooked fish fan because I can't handle even the slightest of fishy tastes. This fish was so mild and cooked so tender and amazing; I caught one of my friends stealing some off my plate as well as his girlfriends!On top of it all, the service we received was extremely attentive. I completely look forward to frequenting this restaurant more in the future!
4	This review is for the Lunch Special for an amazing 20.11!!!My friend and I decided to try this place out. I had the grilled octopus (10$ add on) and Lamb chop (you havta try lamb at Greek place :)) and the almond dessert. The Octopus was nice charred and tasted very fresh (not something you expect in a dessert) I ordered the lamb rare and it was prepared to my liking. Nice juicy chunk of meat with a bloody centre. Just right. The dessert was OK as well. My friend had the lentil salad and the ordered the sea bass as main. He commented how fresh the fish tasted and was nicely done. I am leaning towards giving it a 5 star but the service was kind of slow  so 4.5 stars.At this price for lunch run don't walk as it will beat any buffet hands down. No to mention the great ambiance you will enjoy and not feel bloated as one does after a buffet.
2	It is a beautiful restaurant with lots of staff, but provides a mediocre dining experience.   We waited for over 45 minutes between the first course and our entrees and had to beg for water.   The lamb chops were mostly fat and everything else was extremely salty.   We couldn't wait to leave.   Oh, and prices are ridiculous.
2	Food presentation great, nice location overlooking strip,  service slow, price too high for the quality.  Maybe go back to see if they stepped it up on the service and any food special.  Other than that, better places on and off the strip.
5	I have been to Milos three times.  Once at dinner and then again for their amazing three course lunch for $20.11.   Both times the food was fantastic, but I must say that the service has improved drastically each time I have dined their recently.  It's expensive at dinner, but worth it.  The lunch special they have is the best in town.   I see them going in the right direction, and will continue to bring people there.
5	I was in Vegas for work and had 5-star meals lined up every night.  Milos did NOT disappoint.   It's not wild and crazy like STK, it's more low key and you can actually hear each other during dinner conversation.  It is definitely a more grown up cool crowd.  The interior was an expensive buildout and it is comfortable and elegant.  I have to say, the Cosmopolitan in general is a very elegant property with artistic finishes. The grilled octopus was amazing!! They have a beautiful wine list!! I had the Lobster which was spectacular!!  The seared tuna plate was PLENTIFUL and delicious.  I was more than pleased with this choice and it is definitely worth trying.  The damage was I think about half as big as the other dinners at Nobu or Michael Mina. My other friend had the salmon and it was HUGE.  Everyone  I was there with are all pretty much bonafide foodies, and we all agreed this was a great meal.  I am going back for this lunch I keep reading about...
4	This retaurant is considered to be one of the best Greek restaurants in North America and was recently selected as the best new restaurant by the Las Vegas Weekly.  A $20.11 3-course lunch is offered which has to be the best dining deal on the Strip since Commanders Palace closed albeit martinis will set you back a lot more than 25 cents.The restaurant is large, open and very impressive, but the day was too perfect to sit inside so we opted for the semi enclosed patio that overlooks the Strip and CityCenter.  We received grilled bread along with EVO to start.  We then shared the Xortopita appetizer (housemade phyllo stuffed with greens, herbs, feta, Greek yogurt and salumi).  Our second appetizer was a Greek meze plate that was truly "amezing"; taramasalata, tzatziki, htipita and manouri cheese along with a stuffed grape leaf, olives and cherry tomatoes. Each spread was delicious, but the spicy hitipitia, made from roasted red pepper, feta and other tasty delights, was a pure joy.    My wife chose the Honjake salmon which was a bit underdone to suit her taste, but delicious while I opted for the whole lavraki, a farm raised sea bass known in Italy as branzini or branzino, which was finished simply with EVO and capers.  The finale of the feast was a slice of walnut cake and a delicious yogurt martini, Greek yogurt topped candied oranges.  Service throughout our meal was perfect and one of the chefs stopped by our table a twice to make sure we were enjoying our meal and answer any of our questions
4	Stumbled upon this place when were looking for a little wine and appetizers to get our night started and we were pleasantly surprised.  With all the STK hub-ub, Milos can be overlooked but you would be doing yourself a disservice in doing so.  Bright and airy interior and easy to have a conversation.  The restaurant has a really beautiful fresh fish on ice presentation at one end, which if you appreciate the look of just-caught fish (husband is an avid tuna and salmon fisherman) is not to be missed.  We sat at the bar and had good service from Tony. Upon Tony's recommendation we ordered the grilled octopus appetizer and a half Greek salad, neither of which disappointed.  The grilled octopus could make a believer out of any non-seafood fan.  It was tender without being too chewy and wonderfully seasoned with oregano and olive oil.  The Greek salad (it may have been Tomato Salad on the menu) was a traditional Greek salad with feta, cucumbers, tomatoes, olive oil.  Not re-inventing the wheel but that's Greek food - simple ingredients with complex tastes when done right.  That being said, I wouldn't spend the big money to come here for a full-on dinner.  But it works great for a light meal.Probably wouldn't come back to Vegas unless it was for work (too noisy, crowded and hot for me) but, if so, would visit Milos again.
5	Went for lunch - the $20.11 tasting menu and it was exceptional. I thought I had enjoyed Greek food before but I was wrong - I didn't know Tzadsiki (sp) could be that creamy - unbelievable. And we had a Ginger Blossom cocktail and they were delish - Plus an outside area thats set above the strip so you get to enjoy being outside without feeling like you are breathing bus exhaust. Definitely worth it for lunch!
5	First class service and the best seafood on the strip.  You definitely get what you pay for here.  Loved the food and experience.  Chef Josh is a great guy as well.
5	I heard that this place is very expensive and yes it is, but the fish is awesome.  The quality of fish is so fresh and I love how they focus on the ingredients instead of heavy sauce or heavy seasoning.  I would prefer them to use less EVOO because I am always watching my diet.  The service was great but I am not sure if its because my friend knows them quiet well.  You do have to make reservation couple days ahead.  So far this is the best place I ever been to in Vegas for fish.  I didn't get to try the desert but I will definitely go back again soon. Yum
3	Dined here for lunch and we were bitten by the poor service bug that seems to plague this place.Walked in to a half-full dining room and were told that it would be a 30-minute wait.  I asked the obvious question and was told that there was a single server for the dining room, so they kept it at half capacity.  So into the bar we went.Please, friends, do not go to Milos if you are either hungry or have anything else on your calendar for the afternoon.  From walking in the restaurant, it took 45 minutes until we were served our first course.  Although we were ready to drink, we were never asked to order beverages.  Eventually a server asked us if we had any questions about the menu, after we had read and re-read it and were long-past ready to order.Although we were in the bar area, the cocktail managed to hit the table just after the first food course arrived (i.e., 50 minutes).  This although we saw the bartender make the same cocktail for another table soon after we had ordered.  Bread arrived soon after, which meant I stared hungrily at a meze plate of mostly spreads for nearly 10 minutes.  At that point, I would have eaten it with a spoon, except that I had no spoon.  Nor did I have a napkin, until we requested them.  I am not sure if the meze should normally come with pita, but instead we received three pieces of hearty grilled bread for the table.Saving graces are that the food is good, and $20.11 is quite reasonable for the food.  The bartender was also friendly and did give us a round of wine with the main course to make up for our experience.We had the scallops and meze, then the lavraki and salmon.  All were very good, especially the meze, although the "steamed vegetables" for the salmon were stringy, overcooked asparagus (and the salmon was farmed Atlantic salmon, but that's not unexpected at that price point).The bartender told us that they had not been open for lunch that long (although three months seems like a while), and that their business had been skyrocketing, from 20 covers to 100 covers for lunch in a short time.  But previous reviews show the same issues happening at dinner.  Having multiple hours at the table to contemplate the state of affairs, the problem seems to lie with management not being able to run the floor properly.  We watched numerous staff huddles at the bar, the host station, and the kitchen.  Something was definitely being talked about, but it was not coming together to, you know, produce place settings, beverages, or food -- in other words, the things that restaurants are supposed to produce.  I have had more efficient service from volunteers at a church spaghetti feed.  But then you have to eat church spaghetti, and that's just not as good.
5	I believe this $20 lunch is a M-F steal of Las Vegas. It's hard to imagine that for once, you are stealing from the Strip but it's true! For $20, you get a 3 course meal that is fit for a Greek King. Forget the app and dessert, the true star is the Mediterranean whole-grilled sea bass entree. Nothing sings to me more than a beautifully filleted fish, grilled to perfection, with lemon salt-pepper and olive oil. Pair it with a nice glass of Pinot Grigio, munch on some flame broiled home made bread and stare out from the incredible patio view and you realize from a local's perspective that this is why people LOVE LAS VEGAS!
4	We dined here for a late dinner a few weeks ago...about 9pm-11pm on a Tuesday.  It was our first time visiting the restaurant, as well as The Cosmopolitan Hotel.  I thought the decor of the restaurant was very nice...open, elegant, trendy.  I have to admit, I was not very hungry, and was not feeling all that well.  It was our first day of the trip to Vegas, so we had dined, imbibed, walked, and shopped for far too long.  So, my point... I guess I "sampled" a bit, instead of going all out and ordering full courses.  My husband ordered a couple glasses of white wine.  I only had a few sips because...not feeling well.  I'm not sure what he ordered, but it was very good.  The receipt says "Balada", and I guess it must have been good at $52 per glass!  Kind of wish I would have drank the whole thing now, but the hubby didn't mind helping me out.  Then a bottle of red...Rocca Barbaresco at $214. As for the food, we started with the Salmon Tartare.  It was delicious, but probably not a good idea after the champagne I had that afternoon.  Then we had...I believe...lightly fried eggplant, with some sort of light sauce like a creme fraiche or cheese sauce...not really sure.  Quite delicious as well.  Then, a first for me...grilled octopus.  I've had calamari before, but I guess octopus is a little firmer, and more difficult to cook.  It was quite good. The seasonings were light, grilled to perfection.  The mister was quite impressed.   Then we had a tomato salad with feta cheese, and the last course was a beautifully prepared fish.  It was served whole, butterflied...unfortunately I'm not sure what kind, as I was losing my stamina by this time.  I'm guessing some kind of snapper.  The meal was really wonderful, the ingredients were very fresh, and the presentation was beautiful.  We asked to meet the chef.  He graciously accepted, and came out to speak with us.  He was a lot of fun, and appreciated our thanks for a job well done.  After dinner, we sat outside on the patio, and finished our wine.  A lovely ending to a very long day.I gave this four stars instead of five, because I just didn't feel the service was exceptional.  They were polite, professional, but nothing stood out.  And, when they offered to bring our last glasses of wine outside, one of them crashed before arrival, and there was no offer of a replacement.  But all in all, a great meal.
4	Our first experience at Milos was Christmas Eve. It cost several pretty pennies, but it was a neat experience fit for a special occasion. We returned to check out the $20.11 three course lunch special available Monday-Friday noon-2:30pm. When we arrived a few minutes past noon there was a growing line outside the restaurant. The servers were running behind and we were told as soon as they finished up the meeting of the minds we would be seated. Just as we were about to walk away (we had limited time), they began seating. We opted for an indoor table since it was a bit warm - hmmm, only about 104 - and we were warned that the misters weren't operational as they had recently caused a flood.When we were seated the booth was sprinkled with crumbs. Not something you'd expect from a restaurant of this caliber even if we were in for a special. We noshed on grilled bread and olive oil while we waited on our first course which wasTomato Salad; a great summery dish. Light and refreshing and Shrimp Saganaki; think bruschetta with shrimp and feta. Very tasty and the shrimp were perfectly cooked.Next came our entrees Lamb Chop; extremely tender and well- flavored. However, the sides were not notable. And Lavraki; flaky, lightly seasoned. Overall, a nice preparation. On par, with the fagri we had before (at a much higher cost).And finally dessert, Walnut Cake and Greek Ice Cream; very nutty cake rich with spice. I liked it best with the ice cream. This really is one of the better deals running right now. This lunch special is a great way to sample the refined Greek cuisine that made Milos famous.
4	Wow wow wow, $20 lunch special.  Shrimp app, salmon entree and walnut cake. Mmmmm  That said the service was so so, they were a little snotty when asking questions.
1	Terrible.  Will never go back. Don't be fooled by fancy decor.  Walked in on a Sunday an hour after opening. Maybe 2 tables out of 50 are occupied. The hostess asks our party of 2 to wait at the bar to be seated. Ok....  After 5 mins I ask the hostess whats up. After ignoring me for about 30 seconds she responds, "oh sorry. Not all of our servers are here yet so we have to wait for o e of those tables to clear up before seating u". At that I raised my middle finger and walked out. Shame on them.  I'm sure that web if there was only one server working he could surely Han a 3rd table of just 2 people. I will never step foot in this establishment again. I highly recommend u don't either. Maybe the foo is good. But I don tolerate that kind of service.
4	I've never been to Greece.  My experience with Greek food has been in a takeout box from a food court and my experience with Greek wine has been; well lets just say, I don't drink gasoline.  That said, I had to try what should seemingly be very good Greek food when presented with the chance right?The lunch menu is priced perfectly at $20.11 for three course. The Meze plate was surprisingly good (sometimes it helps not knowing what you are eating). A great assortment of dips including a refreshing tzatziki (cucumber dip), tart but refreshing htipiti (feta dip), and a personal favorite the tarama (fish egg dip).  The grilled octopus is excellent.  It is very tender and the bitterness from the grilling adds depth to the simple dish.  Lunch mains or deserts were nothing special.Dinner is where the restaurant shines.  The most creative starters are meant to be shared so it is not well suited if you are dining alone.The Milos special is good but one dimensional.  The not oily, fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki makes a good foil for the grilled seafood starters.  The grilled eel, and jumbo prawns are all both excellent although a bit tart.Greek wines served at Milos pair perfectly with their food.  I do not know enough about this vinecultural region to speak to the quality of the wine list or the prices.Service is correct.Prices are fair.Recommended if you keep an open mind and are willing to try something new.
5	Octopus was amazing, love all the veggies- particularly the mushroom dish. The ambiance was understated, elegant and terrific. Food took a little long, but worth the wait. The service was pretty impeccable :) Would definitely go again.
4	Probably the best lunch on the Strip...3 courses for $20!  I enjoyed the shrimp saganaki, the chicken brochette and the yogurt martini.  All I have to say is YUM!  The outdoor patio was comfortable and the service was amazing!  I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	I died and went to Greece last night via Las Vegas.  We really lucked out and our Table Chef was Greek, so we were able to speak and order in Greek.  We made reservations and I am so glad we did, the place was PACKED.  Not an empty spot anywhere, not even at the bar and this was on a Wednesday night.  We soon found out why, the food is the best Greek food we have ever had.  Everything was perfect.  I know you are asking what did the Greek order... first let me tell you my HUGE error was that we never looked at the menu and we ordered as we would normally do in Greece.  I should have known by our Table Chefs face that this was going to hurt because he smiled broadly and went into overdrive action.  He just realized he had big spenders on his hands and he was going to make it happen... NOTE: ask for a menu before ordering, this restaurant is NOT for people with shallow pockets.   I was told if you have dinner later in the evening they have a prix fix menu that is only $50 and is 3 courses.   Well on to the food....We started with shots of ouzo, hey as far as I was concerned we were in Greece.  Then we were served fried zucchini with a tsatsiki center, they were PERFECT, if you have ever tasted perfectly fried zucchini you will understand what I mean.  They weren't too starchy from the flour, they weren't soaked in oil, they crunched in your mouth and they had tons of flavor... I want them again RIGHT NOW.  Then came the fried calamari, one word YUM, again perfect.  When the octopus was served, we all smiled.  You could smell the char on it, and you could see that perfect white interior meat when it's cooked the way it should be.  Then I took a bite, OH YEAH, it just melts in your mouth and you taste fresh octopus, the char from the coals, the lemon and everything all at once.  This appetizer disappeared first.We were then served a tomato salad with sliced red onion, cucumbers, capers, kalamata olives and feta cheese.  In Greece this is called the Horiatiki Salata.  I swore last night that they flew the damn tomatoes in from Greece.  When in Greece I practically live on salad because the veggies are so fantastic, and this tomato salad was spot on.  Big crunchy flavor filled bites of tomato.  The dressing was traditional olive oil and red wine vinegar.  The grilled bread they had brought to the table sort of fell into the salad bowl and I was a good hostess and fished it out and ate it.  Holy sh** it was such a satisfying bite.Then came our fish, we ordered Lavraki (European sea bass) in a salt crust, baked in the oven.  This takes a little longer than grilling, but we were in Greece and on Greek time.  The fish is brought table side and in Russian service style the Table Chef removed the salt crust and then skinned, filleted and served us.  I miss this tradition and it was amazing to watch him work with such showmanship and dexterity.  He served the fish with Horta (wild greens) and beets with their greens in the center.  THIS WAS DELICIOUS... The fish was so moist, tasty and flaky.  I wish I could cook fish like this, I would eat it more often.We did not order dessert, we were bursting at the seams.  I look forward to coming here again, but this time I am looking at prices, as much as I loved LOVED my tomato salad, I believe that $27 for it is just a little to pricey.
4	Ya'll got any yeeroze? TL;DR - (too long, didn't read)Staff: 5Food: 4.5 Value: 3.5Review:If you are looking for strip mall greek food you are going to want to GTFO of here as quick as possible as you will be really sad and really broke:) We were greeted immediately by the hostes for our dinner (8:15pm on a Friday) and we were shown to our table. The minute our butts hit the table the sommelier was over with a wine list and asking our water preference. He then gave us a quick history and overview of the restaurant before leaving us for the time being. He returned a few minutes later and We were undecided on what wine to get by the glass so he narrowed it dow to two choices and brought us samples. Yay for awesome service!I told the wifey that we had to order the Milos special which was a stack of thinly sliced and fried zucchini and eggplant with a few cheese cubes. Our waitress came over, asked if we had any questions and asked if we wanted to go fishing. Milos has the catches of the day on ice on display and the servers take you to the display and explain each fish and what to expect when ordering/eating them. Our server Toni walked us around and explained everything. She was very knowledgeable- akin to being at the SF fisherman's wharf without the throwing or yelling. So in essence nothing like being at the wharf. :)  So we ended up ordering the Milos special, the small raw fish plate,  the St. Pierre (Jon Dory) and the wife had the Mediterranean spiny lobster. Special: 30 bucks and effing amazing. If your expecting the zucchini sticks you get at Red Robin, you should grab your Bud Light and leave:) Our sashimi plate was pretty good as well. I suppose it will draw comparisons to sushi places. Tuna, scallops and few others I cannot remember. The tuna had a bit of dill on it which is a greek thing but then again dill is not in my spice cabinet. Dinner:Jon Dory: 2lbs @ $46 eachThis by far was the best piece of fish I have ever had. It was the whole fish, cut in half, cooked and seasoned to perfection. It was tender, moist  and most of all packed with flavor. It was AMAZING. Spiny lobster (Langouste)- 2.05lbs @90something a poundThe whole lobster arrives cut in half with the tail drenched in butter. My wife thought it was a bit under cooked but I actually think it was cooked perfectly. Considering the fella was alive 20 minutes ago it didn't need to be cooked to the normal level of steakhouse lobster tail.  I think it was perfect. She really enjoyed it except for some of the bits that were to her a touch under. So I got to eat them. YAY ME:) The meat was sweet and tender. The presentation was great and my wife was doing the biology lesson on the fella. Kinda cool to see. Our wait staff, Toni and Hilary was amazing and if you get the chance to dine with them be sure to ask for them. So our bill with tip for the 2 of us was just over 560 dollars. I told my wife that I could have flown her to SF, had the Chef's Plank at Lafitte and flown back for that kinda money. Her counter was two pairs of really hot shoes. :)Ever again? Probably not.  (Maybe the 20.11 lunch special)Glad I did? Certainly. Perfect meal for the perfect night.
3	Nothing significantly underwhelming about Milos, but a few quirks and I guess I just expected a little bit more...The good:1. Went for the $20.11 lunch on a Friday which is definitely one of the best values on the Strip for a high-end meal.  2. First* waitress gave detailed explanation of top dishes and seemed credible (advised that the salmon was nothing special and to get something else)3. Good food and surprisingly large portions.  -- Citrus/mint scallop appetizer was amazing but incredibly small (2 TINY scallops).-- Lavraki (Mediterranean sea bass) was good.-- Karidopita for dessert was very rich, but very good.  (Crushed walnuts and honey topped with ice cream)The bad/odd:1. *Every point of contact was from someone else.  Our first waitress was great and helpful with recommendations, but then we never saw her again...  Someone else came to take our orders, another person for drinks, another to deliver food, another to check in on it, ... No one was bad, but the lack of continuity detracted from the quality of the service.2. My co-workers' lobster was severely undercooked in places.3. While ordering, one of the staff recommended a "can't miss" appetizer of fried eggplant and zucchini with tzatziki from off-the-menu.  We got it and it was okay, but then it ended up costing $30 (in line with the regular priced items, but 150% of the entire 3-course lunch!).  Felt kind of shady to push this so hard and have it end up being so expensive.4. Also got kind of an annoying vibe from the reservations call.  We called midweek to get a table at 12 on Friday.  We were told after being put on hold and getting transferred that we could "get squeezed in".  When we arrived we were the 2nd or 3rd table in the whole restaurant.  Although it filled up by the time we left after 1:30, still seemed like a bit of false press.  Adding to that, one of our 12 servers bragged that Milos was "the talk of the town" and he was stunned we had never been there... probably a bit of a hyperbole given that they are selling a $20 3-course lunch...
5	Vegas eateries have a great deal of competition and need to really provide great food and marvelous service to set themselves apart.  Thankfully, E. Milos has done just that.  They have a few locations across the country but act as if they're the only one (i.e. no hint of franchise exists).  We sampled their classic dishes including their pita bread and array of dipping sauces which knocked our socks off.  Next we tried their fried eggplant and zucchini chips and along with their grilled fish which completely blew us away.  The food was prepared with love and served with pride.The great atmosphere and restaurant design also aid my choice to give Milos 5 stars.  It's warm, modern and inviting all at the same time.
5	This place is more like a 4.5 star. I give it a 5 star because lunch is a great price. $21 for an appetizer, main course, and desert per person...really good deal. just be aware that some items on the menu have an extra fee.So I went here for my birthday lunch, 21st, a few weeks ago. This place is pretty cool. It is pretty high and over looks the strip, as long as you sit outside. We didnt sit outside. The staff here is very nice and professional at the same time.Okay lets run down the menu of what me and my family had.I ordered:tomato salad, it is tomatos, olive oil, and feta cheese. Being Greek I love feta. This salad was really good, it was tasty and refreshing.lobster pasta. This was absolutely amazing, the best lobster I have ever had. And I used to go to New England alot because my father is from there. And this place beats any lobster I have ever had in New England.yogurt martini, it is yogurt in a martini glass...it is good...me dad:he ordered a plate that was a bunch of "pastes", to dip bread in. i tried it and it was pretty good. cant remember all of the dips though. i think one was pepper, another olive, and another hummus.he had a fish plate for his main meal. i didnt try it but he liked it.he had a fruit salad, which he said was tasty and freshmy sister:octopus, now she actually did not eat this. me and my dad split it. she didnt like the look of the tentacles. This was amazing, the best octopus i have ever had. and i hate octopus, but love squid. it tasted like eating a really good steak.chicken. now this is greek style, served with greek potatoes, and pita bread. it was ok, the potatoes were good, but the chicken was americanfied. yes i know it is not a word, but basically the chicken does not have as many spices as traditional Greek chicken should.overall this place is really good and i would definitely recommend going.
4	$900 for a party of 11, didn't order any drinks. I don't think any of us got full off it either. The lamb was excellent as well as the zucchini chips. Staff was very nice. Wish I had looked this place up on yelp before going and then trying it out for lunch.
5	Overall:  The best mediterranean restaurant in Vegas, Milos offers pure, natural tasting food combined w/ great ingredients.  Fish is flown in fresh, daily from around the world.  The chefs skills are truly shown w/ pure, un-adultered dishes, mainly seasoned with salt and pepper, sometimes olive oil, and at most w/ a reduced balsamic vinaigrette. NOTE: Both times, the chef customized our menu and we didn't have to choose items from the main menu.Setting: Dinner with a friend, Monday 08/22/2011.  We were lucky they had a 2-top available, as it was MAGIC week.Thumbs Up: You can't go wrong by leaving it up to the chef (omakase in Japanese restaurants).  But if not, must gets are: the octopus (so tender, crisp, and yummy); Milos special (eggplant and cucumber chips w/ tzatziki sauce [make sure to mix it up and dig out the tzatziki as it cuts through the saltiness]); cooked whole fish (we had red snapper, and was very fresh and delicious); service staff if very helpful - don't be shy to ask any questions, and even take a tour of the fish being displayed.  Their service staff had good recommendations on wine pairings w/ the different seafood dishes.Thumbs Down:  Nothing.Tip: Most of the bad reviews are a result of not being seated for a 2-top.  This is a family style restaurant where most tables seat 4 or more.  Try to come with more than 2 people and you'll be seated much faster.
5	the service here is excellent. okay BEYOND excellent. the food is fresh, and we really wished...  wished that i knew that they had this in new york... we would've went probably once a week. the fish is fresh. SUPER fresh.. and the appetizers were amazing. try the lunch special that they have. its about $20 per person, and its a prix fixe menu. we were actually so shocked that it was so cheap! wouldn't have mind paying double for that quality of food.
2	Service excellent. Dinner was a big disappointment, very few real Greek dishes, and we were in Greece a few times and ate in other Greek restaurants in the U.S.
3	This place did not have a Mediterranean feel to the place at all.  While the food was fresh, it lacked the flavors that I expected.  We got one of the special appetizers and then had the soft shell crab and lobster.  The crab was not great at all, it was kinda soggy and had no flavor at all.  The lobster was nice, very tender and light but again nothing special even though it was fresh.  The service was good but not elegant, the waiters didn't let one of our group do the special menu unless everyone got it, even though it was not stated on it and she was a bit rude about it.  The wine was great, and the cocktails made very well.  But this place had no ambiance or character, it definitely looked like a Vegas establishment.
4	Stopped for a glass of wine, got ignored at the bar, moved to the deck. B ordered octopus( she had never tried, and I don't like) it was great, its all B can talk about. I still won't order but it was good. Great service, nice surroundings.
4	YAY I'm a fan!  Took my mom there when she was visiting from out of town.For lunch they have like 6 apps, 6 meals, and 3 desserts to choose from all for $20.11.  We 'upgraded' for another $15 and got the lobster dishes. My lobster pasta was delicious.  Mom go the lobster salad, made with alot of fennel and celery.  Was way too bitter for me but she liked it.  We started off with the sampler platter and the shrimp and feta.  Both really good. Sampler platter was enough for 4 people and was def better than my shrimp dish.  I want to go back and try some real Greek food!
5	Deal of a prix fixe lunch for $20. I was expecting less than great service with it being lunch & probably less staff, but service was very prompt & courteous. Get the lavraki- little sea bass was delicious. I also got the yogurt martini- a bit tart & refreshing Greek yogurt. My friend's pork chop was good, but she thought her walnut dessert was a little too sweet. The coffee was fine; in order for me to judge a restaurant as good, it must serve good coffee. I'd go back to check out dinner if I ever visit Vegas again.
5	One of the best meals I have ever had! Went this past weekend with my parents. We were originally disappointed because they were not offering the prix fixe we had seen online, and which we had called specifically to inquire and were told would be available. However, they were offering another prix fixe for restaurant week and although it was not what we were originally expecting we decided to go for it. The food was EXCELLENT. The standouts were the tomato salad which was incredibly fresh and delicious, the carpaccio (I loved it and I am NOT normally a fan of anything raw) and of course the fish which was cooked and prepared to perfection. The emphasis here is on fresh simple flavors done right. I would reccomend the prix fixe; the whole fish idea seems fun but definitely gets pricey. Only negative- the service. Our waitress (not sure what her name was but she was a tall blond) was not knowledgeable about the menu and seemed to be mocking us the whole time. That being said, the gentleman who served our fish (tableside) was extremely nice and helpful and so we just started asking him for things. Julius was incredibly helpful (and cute!) He got us anything and everything we needed and took the time to explain all of the food to us. He exemplified what fine-dining service should be. His service and the excellent food provided for a wonderful evening. If you like seafood go to Milos. You will not regret it!
4	Very good food and and unique presentation. You can actually pick out your fish and they will cook it at the table. That was cool and it tasted lovely. A must try if your in the area. We did lunch and were not disappointed.
5	Up until dining at Milos, my Greek food experience has been gyros from a truck and/or sitting in a divey restaurant where ladies with hairy chins serve up greasy plates of spanakopita and crinkle fries. Delicious nonetheless, but certainly not what you get at this upscale Las Vegas eatery. Yes, Milos is fancy. Not pretentious fancy, but they do have linen tablecloths and fancy art on the walls. Because it's Vegas, you don't necessarily have to dress up to dine out here (you see it all!) but I wouldn't want to come in here wearing jorts and a cutoff t-shirt. Just sayin'. This is the type of place where you could show off your hella proper table manners ;)Apparently this spot gets pretty crowded at night, so we came here for a late lunch. It was not busy at all! In fact, we were one of two tables seated in the entire restaurant. I felt kind of bad for our waiter since he was obviously wanting to chat with us, but kept his distance as to avoid being annoying. The prix-fixe menu is definitely the way to go. As many have mentioned, it's a good deal for the amount of food you're served. Definitely go with the grilled octopus as your first course - it's quite spectacular. I've always liked this eight-legged food, but have really started to appreciate it over the last few months. I had the shrimp as a main course and it was also delicious. For dessert, it was the yogurt martini. IMHO, Greek food is not synonymous with dessert, but this was about as good as you can get.We were in and out within an hour, although we could've stuck around much longer. I would imagine that this would be a place to take business clients or a good friend for a midday meal. Or if you want to call ahead a few weeks in advance, go here for dinner. It's classy, good food and excellent service.
4	10/3/2011 Dinner, GFand I.It was not that spectacular, but It was convenience for us to have a dinner here at the hotel. What we had was little, but did a lot of damages. Appetizer:Octopus - $26Grilled Mediterranean octopus with oregano, wild Santorini capers, apple vinegar & olive oil. Serves two to four. _ if you like burn/charcoal food this is it for you. I'm not a big fan, but I was here for the wine. Sweet: Chocolate cake not on the website menu, but it was good very chocolaty and smooth. $16Wine: I broke a glass and they bring me another one with additional half price on my bill. However, it was fully filled second time around. How nice I'm grad, I'm not driving to another hotel. $25 me and $17 for my gfPro: Nice collection of wine from French to Napa. Small selection of half bottles (3) I saw. Con: No corkage fee, don't allow wine from outside in. ( I can under stand)total: $84 + tips = $104
4	LUNCH REVIEW4.5 stars, very very impressiveThe lunch prix fixe is unreal. For $20.11 this is the best steal in vegas in my opinion.I got:Tomato salad --- fresh, refreshing, well done. Great flavors. Great portion size.Salmon with grilled veggies --- well cooked, good portion size. Excellent grilled veggies. I loved the eggplan, so delicious.Walnut Pie with Kaimaki ice cream --- paired nearly perfectly. Ice cream was unique and tasted very fresh. Again, excellent portion size.Great ambiance as well, and service was quite attentive.All in all, a must try. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is that I have to try it for dinner before giving any place 5 stars.
5	Yep!  You read it right- five stars, baby!  Food was super fresh, nicely presented, very tasty and perfectly portioned.  The service, however, is where I felt Milos shined.  My waiter was beyond helpful, very informative, candid and attentive, without being a pain.  Sure, it's going to be on the pricey side- after all, you're in one of the trendiest hotels in one of the trendiest cities on the planet.  The $0.99 shrimp cocktail this is not! But, don't worry about it- just take $10, double down a couple times and play your cards right and use the casino's money to pay!  I can't wait to try to copy at home some of the things I found on my plate here!!
5	Everytime I go to Vegas I will make an effort to come here every time. The olive tastes just like it does in Greece. I know it might sound weird but it's true. The fried zucchini with the saganaki and tzatziki were to die for. I got the lavraki fish that was on point, moist and super flavorful. The octopus was orgasmic. The bread was great. The tomato salad was wonderful as well. The Karidopita was not bad. A must stop for everybody. Everybody needs a little Greek in them!P.S. SIt at the bar. I did and George the bartender is simply amazing. He was so sweet, offering suggestions, my glass was never empty of anything, he is Greek, and a sexy man if I might add. Go see him girls!
5	We accidentally found this place when STK couldn't fit us in for a late dinner in July.  We were impressed from start to finish!  Our server was wonderful and he walked us around the entire place, explaining all the different seafood to us along the way.  This place is cool because all the seafood is displayed around the room on ice (sort of like a very, very nice fish market) and you get to pick what you want.  We were instantly sold on the "Scorpino" when the server told us that it's a fish that feeds on crustacians and shellfish...HAD to be delicious...and it was!   We shared him and a small rock lobster as well as a few side dishes.  The food was to-die-for and the service matched.  This is probably our favorite Vegas restaurant and we've been to lots!  Warning:  we paid zero attention to prices and ended up with a $400 price tag before the tip, so this isn't a budget restaurant.  However, I'll admit we might have gone a little overboard on ordering.  :)  Go here for sure!
5	Great place, pretty pricey for dinner but what can you expect when they fly fish in daily from the Mediterranean.  The lunch special is a great deal...I am amazed that they are still open for lunch.  $20 for 3 courses...great deal, no way they are making any money.  I suggest trying it for lunch, if you like it, get the full experience the next time at dinner.  For dinner, the grilled octopus is ridics and the sea bass sashimi is insane.  They have all kinds of fish that you will have never heard of (Med. Sea) but they are all amazing...be sure to check out the fish display before you leave.
3	The food was good but not outstanding and the prices were very high.  I live in Chicago and I can get comparable food in Greektown at probably half the price.  Service was excellent though and the restaurant's ambience was really nice and upscale.The grilled octopus appetizer was very good, meaty and tender chunks of charred octopus and some nice tomatoes and olives.  The signature fried zucchini appetizer was delicious.We had the grilled LAVRAKI (Mediterranean sea bass) which was nicely prepared, moist, meaty and tender.  It was just a squeeze of lemon juice away from perfection  - luckily, there was plenty of lemon on the plate too!  The downside is that this fish was $53/pound and the smallest one they had was 2.5 lbs so that was a $125 fish.  Wow, that's steep.  Sharing it with the 3 people at our table made it a bit more reasonable but that's still pretty pricey.  A la carte too - all you get is fish.  All the fish was about the same in price, all in the $50-60/pound range.  The least expensive were the sardines - but still $32/pound ... huh?  Sardines?  I can get sushi grade tuna for $15/pound.Grilled lambchops were pretty good.  You get two huge pork chop sized domestic lambchops.  They were a bit mild for my taste and could have used some aggressive seasoning or sauce to give some oomph.Ribeye steak was ... ribeye steak.  What's Greek about that?  Can't complain too much though ... after all, we ordered it.The desserts were just ok.  The fried donut holes with honey did not taste very fresh.  The egg custard phyllo dessert was also ... meh.The drinks were competently prepared and there's a nice list of wines (Greek and otherwise) by the glass.
5	GREAT choice if you're staying at Cosmopolitan.  The prix fix lunch is an incredible value., especially after staying in the hotel for a few days and you start getting price fatigue from eating out constantly.Ordered the scallop appetizer, which was perfectly prepared and not overcooked & tough.  Seabass entree was light, flavorful, and a generous portion, and asked for a side of tzatziki, which was delicious.  Topped it off w/ a the Greek yogurt dessert which was creamy and smooth, similar to panna cotta.  Loved everything about this place.  Fine dining w/o the sticker shock.
5	I was familiar with Milos from my days of visiting NYC. The Milos restaurant there, which I've reviewed in the past, is outstanding. As a result, I had high hopes for the restaurant in Las Vegas. I was not let down.The food was just as good in Las Vegas as NYC. Indeed, the menu is generally the same. What's more, the wait staff was superb. (See my NYC review of Milos to see what it was up against.) We started with an appetizer. the Milos special (Lightly fried zucchini & eggplant with tzatziki & kefalograviera cheese).  I was impressed with the fried zucchini, which was cut paper thin and resembled a potato chip. It was great. We followed that with tomato salad, which consists of feta cheese, seasoned with Greek herbs & extra virgin olive oil. The tomato salad is always outstanding at the NYC location and it was no different here.Finally, we had the tuna tartare before waiting for our main courses. The tuna tartare was very good. For our main courses, we ordered the Fakri (snapper) and the New York strip. The snapper, which was $62 a pound, was fresh and plentiful (three of us shared it). One of our dinner mates -- there were three of us -- ate all of the fish we put in front of him. That's saying something, especially because he doesn't like fish. The strip was cooked perfectly. My only nit is that it was a little salty. When you're paying top prices, you look for the slightest imperfections. That's my one complaint for the night. Still, it was pretty dang good. For dessert, we had the yogurt (goats milk yogurt) with honey. I've had this many times at the NYC location. It tasted exactly the same. A+. The ambiance was relaxed and the wait staff was attentive. We had a great overall experience. The cost for three of us, including tip, was $460.
2	Food was good.  However 71 dollars is simply too much money for one piece of fish. Also waiters self promote too much.
4	This was a strange review to write as the food is top notch and deserves five stars. The only reason I gave it four was due to two issues that will be irrelevant to some people. First, the cheapest bottle of red wine was $70, which I think is ridiculous. I don't think it's asking too much to have a $50 bottle of wine on your menu. I like wine with food, but am not a connoisseur, so the difference between a $50 bottle and a $100 bottle is nil to me. Second, you're much better served going with a group of four or larger. Sides and appetizers state they serve two to four and they are huge and way too large for two people. You will also have far more seafood options if you are ordering for more than two people as the seafood bar (more to come later) selections are usually two pounds or more. On to the food...amazing. Your server will take you to what is essentially a seafood market inside of the restaurant. There is a large bed of ice on which are laid their seafood selections for the evening. Each selection has a small sign which indicates the name of the selection and the price per pound. Most were in the $50/lb. range. We had originally ordered a Mediterranean Sea Bass, but it was only available at two lbs. or larger, so she recommended a similar selection that I can neither remember nor pronounce, at a pound and a half. Two lbs. would have been far too large for the two of us and we were not interested in leftovers. The seafood was so fresh and simply prepared. It was grilled, lightly seasoned and topped with a little oil. They let the seafood be the star and it is incredible. Our appetizer was the spreads, which included Tzatziki, Hummus, Tarmosalata and Fava. It was great, but it was so large we maybe ate a third of it at most as we didn't want to fill up on an appetizer. With the seafood we also ordered a side of their grilled peppers. Again, great, but a huge portion and over half of it was uneaten. Outstanding meal all the way around, but paid for a good amount of food we couldn't eat. Also, it's pretty amazing that all the fresh seafood can be on ice in the middle of the restaurant and yet no "fishy" smell.
4	This review is for the INCREDIBLE $20.11 Monday - Friday Lunch Special ! I have had the pleasure of eating this twice now, and thoroughly enjoyed it both times. In a nutshell, during the week for lunch, their only offering is an incredibly priced $20.11 three course lunch menu. There are several options for each course, although many of the premium appetizers do come with a $10 surcharge. The atmosphere: AMAZING. Beautiful terrace over the strip that reminds me of one my favorite restaurants in Athens ! The indoor space is light, bright, and beautiful. Service: Well the first time we had the most creepy, rude waiter I've had in a long time. Creepy in that he would hover behind you and breathe loudly without saying anything. Rude in that when I asked how the chef recommended the lamb chops be prepared, he answered with "Huh? He prepares them how you ask him to" and gave me a weird look. He also freaked out a bit when I told him we were on our lunch break and asked if we could eat quickly. Our server on my second visit was fine. Appetizers: On my first visit I had the mezze plate. It was perfectly portioned, and a great way to try a few different things. Everything was super delicious! On my next visit I tried the octopus ($10 surcharge). It was delicious, but it was served luke-warm. I guess they didn't want to overcook it? Who knows. Either way, it was a great portion and the texture was spot-on. Entree: First visit I had the lamb chop. This was a little bit of a disappointment because it was one TINY lamb chop (2 ounces). That being said, it's a discount menu and clearly I'm a fat idiot for complaining about one of my THREE courses being too small. It was very delicious and well prepared, just small. My friend got the bass and it was AMAZING. Next visit, tried the shrimp. They implied it was covered in cheese, but it definitely was not. The shrimp are fine, just boring and with very little cheese. I don't recommend ordering them. Dessert: The greek yogurt was the best yogurt I've ever eaten. YUM. I've had it twice now. I wish the portion were bigger (it's about 5 bites), but otherwise it's perfect!!!!If you're on the strip at lunch time, this is one of the best deals you'll find. Stop paying for over priced food court fare and upgrade to a fine dining experience for just a few dollars more !
5	Thanks Blair B for your lunch review here. I tried it and absolutely loved it! I had just checked into the Cosmo and made reservations ahead of time for lunch which was a good thing BC it was very busy.The decor here is beautiful and I remember coming here and checking out this restaurant opening night of the Cosmo but could not get a reservation. My choice for the three course fix lunch was the scallops with citrus and mint salad for starters, Colorado USDA prime lamb chop medium rare. french fries & asparagus. For dessert i chose the Walnut Pie with Kaimaki ice cream. Overall the meal for the price was incredible and delicious. The Scallops were cooked perfectly, lamb was so tender and delicious and the dessert was unusual but superb. I also sampled the meze appetizer and Mediterranean bass and both were awesome too!Check this place out for lunch during the week you'll be amazed!
5	Did the $20 lunch thing with the gf, and it was great.We came in with what I felt was being under dressed (i had on a collegiate collared shirt), and asked the hostess if we were acceptable, and was told yes.The gf has Celiac, so she required gluten-free items.  We were also told this wasn't a problem.  This was true, as 50% of the items on the menu were acceptable for her.I did the scallops, Lavraki, and yogurt martini.  She did the tomato salad, some kind of chicken, and the yogurt martini.best meal i've had in my 6 trips to Vegas.It started off a little rough with the appetizers, I thought.  I'm accustomed to moderate portions when ordering food, so when I got two scallops for my app, I didn't know what to think.  Gf was almost pissed!  BUT... the quality of two of these scallops surpassed 20 from a place like Red Lobster.  it actually got me to savor the flavor.  Gf told me her tomato salad was the best kind of salad she's ever had.  All ingredients were incredibly fresh.  She now has a desire to make this at home.We did have an issue with the main course.  We requested her chicken be served without the pita, and the waiter did indeed write this on the order, but the chef put the chicken on top of it anyway.  She was going to let it go, but the waiter said it wasn't an issue at all for them to do another plate.  Since we were on vacation, I told her not to take a chance of poisoning herself, and to get another plate.  It took a while for her new plate, but this just shows that everything was cooked fresh, again. My Lavraki was great.For dessert:  best yogurt i've ever tasted.  So, so rich, but we were drawn in to eat it all.The manager came by after we were finished and asked how it was.  He encouraged us to write a review (already planned on it, as I told him:)  ) on here and anywhere else the restaurant was listed.Despite the gluten incident, it's a legit 5 star dine.  Simple mistake that they took care of, and everything was of high quality.  Will look forward to dining here again in the future.btw... just read the review about the yogurt being 5 bites???  it took me about 20.
5	It's been my experience in Las Vegas that transplanted restaurants tend to be very overpriced and in a food-court setting. Even if the food is up to par with the original restaurants, it's quite easy for your dinner to be affected by the yelling at the craps table 5 feet away. Nonetheless, there are some gems in Vegas and I believe this is one of them. The service and food were fantastic. Because the restaurant receives fresh fish daily, your options will diminish the later you book a reservation. The anchioves, octopus, and lavarki all stand out. It's nice to have fish that's not bathed in marinade or overcooked. What you get here is simple, yet perfectly balanced fish.
3	Be sure to make a reservation before trying to sit down here.  The Cosmopolitan is a fabulous new hotel in Vegas and is very popular.  There were large groups of people waiting to be seated when we sat down and I am pretty sure most were trying to walk in. The restaurant is not very large and dinner takes awhile.  Fun things about the restaurant is that the head waiter wears a chef jacket and you get to pick your own killed fish on ice.  Their fish is flown in less than every 48 hours from the Mediterranean.  They have all kinds of varieties.  I found the staff friendly and accommodating.  They did not seem particularly pushy but encouraged certain appetizers and menu selections.  I think that you have to want seafood if you want to eat here.  The fish we orderd was great but wasn't thrilling.  I didn't have as much fun as other restaurants I have been to in Vegas.  I would take business clients here and family.  I wouldn't go here if your were looking to be loud and drink and just have a blast, so no bachelor parties and the like.  I would eat somewhere else for that and then party at the Cosmo. The hotel is awesome.
4	While 'value" and The Cosmopolitan seem to be juxtapositions, the $20 pre fixe lunch at Estiatorio Milos is not only a great value, but a tasty one at that. I was glad too see many seafood options on the menu. I started with the scallops (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRyYbOSwvHkZsZOLv98oQg?select=-9QrumuAjE-fOMgZMwpFUA) with a citrus and mint salad. This was the most disappointing part of the meal. Two tiny scallops, each barely larger than bay scallops. I wish there was more of a char on it. Also, one mint leaf, several shreds of onion, and one orange segment not a salad make. My friend had the grilled octopus (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRyYbOSwvHkZsZOLv98oQg?select=n4dgEIUOiLVuL7VgnA-yzA) and if I can recommend one thing here, pay the extra $10 for the octopus. It's worth it. You get well seasoned octopus with great char from the grill     I had the grilled Mediterranean Bass (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRyYbOSwvHkZsZOLv98oQg?select=ZHxqPjGi3u3VHfB-WvHMWA) as my entree and it was the epitome of what I love about  Greek seafood dishes - the olive oil, capers, and lemons... so simple but so delicious. The fish is served whole so there will be some bones but it was a very well-prepared fish. My friend had the lamb chop (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRyYbOSwvHkZsZOLv98oQg?select=JPMx_KuND2Sb_T6rO6JNCw) and he said it was decent. I guess this is a signal to stick with seafood here. I had the yogurt martini (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRyYbOSwvHkZsZOLv98oQg?select=FjlBOb4mUpo-ux8CTfcxbg) to round of the meal and I liked it. The yoghurt was just the right amount of sweet counterbalanced by natural tanginess. Nice light desert to cap a meal. My friend had the walnut pie (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/YRyYbOSwvHkZsZOLv98oQg?select=yNpyFpainXX8wHBr--EasA) and it's decent. If you like deserts with some spice in it then you'll probably like this one. All in all we had a good meal at Estiatorio Milos. It's a bright and airy restaurant with lots of natural light. Our Japanese server took good care of us and for the most part, we enjoyed our food. But again, the lunch special is truly a good deal so definitely pencil it in if you're in town.
2	We went here a few days after Christmas for a special family dinner.  My family of 4 asked for recommendations from the concierge at Cosmopollitan and she suggested this restaurant.  We made reservations to go after our Michael Jackson show at 9PM. From the minute we showed up and were seated at a circular table towards the center of the dining area we were immediately disappointed.  It took our waiter at least 5 minutes before they even acknowledged us.  My mom had time to go to the bathroom and come back and still we waited.  When our waiter finally came my dad was very irritated- we were all ravenous and grumpy.  When the waiter read off the specials he did so with an aire of complete elitism and arrogance. It put our whole table off and we immediately commented on his attitude of complete boredom with us.  He read off the specials quickly slurring his words and not making eye contact.  From there the whole tone of the dinner was set.  Briefly our order:Bottle of Wine- all are insanely overpricedGrilled Octopus- amazing, bet thing we ordered, very small potion- they say its family style sizes.. they are small sizesDozen Oysters- half kumamoto half kushi- I love oysters and these were extremely disappointing. Each one was full of grit and shell. we were all spitting pieces out after every bite. The mignonet and raspberry sauces they serve alongside were far too similar.Milos Special- the biggest rip off of all. $30 dollars for basically fried zucchini? SO OVERPRICED and not very special. Dessert: Svigous- basically fried donuts with bitter honey and walnut on top- nobody ate it...Ultimately my whole family letft the restaurant at each others throats. We all blamed our experience for putting us in a bad mood.Do not go here. Comme Ca was so so much tastier- way better service and atmosphere. That place left us all very happy and content. Milos will hold bad memories for us.
5	BEST. LUNCH. EVER.If you are visiting Vegas, Milos is an ABSOLUTE eatery destination that is not to be missed.  Seriously.  You won't get a 3 course lunch that is THIS good for $20.   The space is beautiful, the bread is heavenly, and the food was nothing short of fabulous.  I had the appetizer sampler, which showcased their pita bread with a few different dips [hummus, cheese, etc.], their seared SEA BASS, and walnut cake for dessert.  They are known for their seafood here at the restaurant, so if you get a chance, don't skip out on their catches.  The sea bass that I had was prepared simply- but it was super awesome because it didn't take anything away from the delicate flavor of the fish.  If i had to be completely honest, dessert was kind of a throwaway since they ran out of a lot of the other stuff, so I was kind of cornered into getting the walnut cake.  It was moist and reminded me of carrot cake... but I wasn't a big fan.Service was impeccable, and I'm almost kicking myself for even writing a review because I don't want people to know about this place... but it's so amazing you HAVE to go.
5	30 Years in fine dining and Milos proved to me, once again, that great food is about the quality of ingredients. Here the ingredient is the star. The Olive Oil they used was extraordinary, the fish as good as if it was caught right there. I actually think it was one of the best prepared pieces of fish I have had anywhere in years. We did a 3 course lunch that is only $20.12 and I would have paid 3 times that and not felt ripped off. This is UNDOUBTEDLY the best lunch value on the strip period! This restaurant which specializes in fish is worth running to. With all the talk today about local and farm to table it truly proved to me that what matters is the ingredients and the hand that prepares them. From our servers who helped us supplement our menu with some spectacular choices to our manager, Kirk Perry, every thing about this meal was stellar. By the way the room is simply stunning as well..Mickey BCharleston SC
2	I have to say I was rather disappointed with Milos. The biggest disappointment being that it really wasn't at all authentic. Yes there were some Greek dishes on the menu but everything had a twist and wasn't really what we were expecting. It seems like the place just didn't have a real personality. The waiters didn't know too much about Greek food and drinks for when we asked if they had Retsina (we weren't planning to drink it) and out of curiosity why it was not on the menu they didn't even know what it was.It was a Saturday night and I went with a friend. The wait service was the most annoying I have encountered in a long time. We were constantly bombarded with people talking about the food and drink menus, asking us if our food was good. Three or four separate people came to ask if our meal was fine. Two different people came to give us a desert menu and half way through dinner they insisted on giving us clean plates. It was absolutely the last thing from being a nice and relaxing meal.The food was certainly good - albeit not authentic Greek. The prices were pretty steep even for Vegas - we paid $206+tax, for Octopus starter, $26, Tomato salad ($27) and 1 Lavraki (2.3lb - $123) and 2 glasses of Syrah ($30)Overall I wouldn't go back.
5	We went here for drinks and appetizers before a night out on the town and it was really delicious!  We tried pretty much all the appetizers and then some: calamari, dips, crab legs, ahi tuna, and probably a whole lot more that I'm not remembering off the top of my head :).The Cosmopolitan hotel was really cool as well.  The decor was really great for pictures so we took a lot on our way in and out of the restaurant.  The decor in the restaurant was nice, nothing too out of the ordinary for a high end restaurant.While the bill was pricey, we had a great time.  Perfect place to go before going out.  Highly recommend
5	I needed to update this review, my first time here was for my birthday lunch, been wanting to try this place since it opened but couldn't talk any friends into it because it was pretty pricey, but since they have the $20.12 lunch special I knew I could now! We started out with one of the specialty cocktails from the bar, I tried the BeesNees, it sounds good on paper, but I guess glenmorangie wasn't intended to be mixed with other ingredients because it wasn't something I would order again.The server brought us the bread basket, and I couldn't get passed the overwhelming smell of burnt toast, I get what they were trying to do and create grill marks on the bread, but all I tasted was burnt bread. So onto the lunch special, I ordered the tomato salad with feta cheese, seasoned with Greek herbs & extra virgin olive oil EXCELLENT! So simple yet so good! Why doesn't mine taste like this at home? Main course I had the Lavraki, SO GOOD (yes I had to use all caps again) this dish is perfection. For dessert, the yogurt martini, again so good! If you like Greek yogurt, you will like this. I snuck a taste of my friends walnut pie, wasn't a fan, tastes like Christmas spice cake.My second go around here, my friend and I sat out on the patio, it was nice but really enclosed, just wish they had it more open so you could see the Strip. This time I tried the Lobster Pasta (additional $10 on the lunch menu) I thought it was very fishy, I would def get the Lavraki over this. But the best part of our lunch was, my friend had recently been there for dinner and the server told her that they have a local special where they will do a free wine pairing, well the original server told her the wrong times but our server had told the manager and they were nice enough to honor it for the time we were there, so the Sommelier, who was FANTASTIC, paired each of our courses with a wine. Top  notch service. Love this place.
2	I went with 4 close friends looking to grab a bite on our way out for a great evening.  Whether it was 4 guys in a she she restaurant or not being on an expense account, boy did we pick the wrong venue!  We all enjoy quality food and a good time.  When the waiter, who was MIA most of the night, asked us if we had ever been there before, it would have been a great idea for him to mention how petite the portions were.  Instead he mentioned something about family style.  We ordered the calamari which he suggested.  It was cut in 4 pieces the size of the tip of my pinky.  It was a joke for $26.  really, $26.  Could he have mentioned that we should get several apps due to the size?  YES!  I felt like a complete idiot for picking this item for us to order.  As there were several folks serving our table, on a few occasions they had to be reminded that we had ordered another drink and this seemed pretty disappointing based on the type of restaurant we were visiting.  The main course of salmon was fine, but nothing different than my wife prepares at home.  My friends dishes were also fine, but we all had that sinking feeling that we would need to go out to dinner after we left the restaurant as the portions were so small.  I don't normally eat much bread and instead consumed 3 pieces as a way to fill my belly.  While we all made jokes about the experience and left happy and laughing, the portions, prices and disheveled wait staff made it a memorable experience, in a bad way.  While we are all good wage earners, either back up the excessive pricing with decent value (portions) or don't charge so much.  I can't really stomach spending over $100 a person for 2 drinks, 1 app shared and 1 entree, and poor service.  It was stupid.  I realize how much happier I would have been if I could have rewinded the evening and just had some comfort food.  Based on the reviews, I should have asked for the power lunch at dinner!
5	The $20 lunch is no joke. I had the scallops appetizer, the sea bass, and the walnut cake. The walnut cake was bland, and in my opinion, kind of dry- but the other two options more than made up for it. The scallops came with mandarin orange slices and red onions- which both seemed like an odd fit before I tried them together, but it was a perfect fit. The sea bass was a simple presentation, just lemon, olive oil and capers, I think, with a single piece of broccoli, but it was perfectly prepared. As I understand, the dinner is many many times more expensive, but for a classy lunch- this was perfect.
4	if you don't love seafood - don't eat here. i loooove seafood, so i'm giving it 4 stars! hip location since it's in the trendy cosmo hotel in vegas. must tries:-- grilled octopus-- scallops-- skorpena ahnisto-- fried potatoes
5	It isn't every day, or any day, that you come away from dinner at a restaurant and say, that was the most memorable meal I've ever had. My wife and I, along with four other friends, decided to dine at Estiatorio Milo's because we were staying at the Cosmopolitan hotel and it seemed convenient. What we discovered was a meal that was the classiest, freshest and tastiest we've had in a long time. Now let me just say that we consider ourselves Vegequarians (we eat seafood but no meat products) so we always look for fresh organic food whenever we eat out (not always easy to find).  We're way past having over prepared fattening sauces and fillers in our food, so finding a place that prepares great dishes that are both healthy and good for you are a top priority.  Milo's turned out to be one of the best places for Mediterranean faire we have ever enjoyed.We arrived at Milo's fairly early (6:30 PM reservation) and our chef, Todd Smith, took us up to the raw seafood display and explained everything to us in as much detail as we wanted (where the fish came from, how fresh it was...the lobster on ice was still moving, and how he prepares it).  Already we were impressed and we had only just arrived. Although Todd and the restaurant started getting busier and busier, he paid so much attention to us at our table, we felt incredibly special. Once we had talked with Todd about all the food possibilities and made our decisions, our waiter, Rick Fisher took over and was masterful at taking care of all our needs.  We started out with the first three Mediterranean dish appetizers of brilliantly created hummus, tazaki and vegetables prepared perfectly.  Although the dips were small portions they had so much flavor you didn't miss the usual large portions you often get in an ordinary Greek establishment.We then had our meal (the Balada fish from Portugal was out of this world for us) and our guests a wonderful shrimp dish and prime rib that they said was fantastic. We were all too stuffed for dessert but Rick knew that one of our friends at the table was having a birthday and surprised her with a gorgeous piece of chocolate cake, flourless no less because he knew she only ate gluten free. Often a restaurant experience consists either of good food or good service, but rarely do you get to experience exceptional food along with exceptional service. Milo's is that kind of restaurant and we're already wondering how soon we can come back to Las Vegas just so we can experience this amazing restaurant again. The only caveat is that Yelp lists this wonderful place as a $$$ restaurant.  That may be true for lunch, but it should be listed as a $$$$ for dinner, as we shared the food mostly family style, had drinks too, the meal averaged $80 per person.  Worth every penny!!!
5	Friday night early dinner . Best meal I have had in ages. Staff were wonderful and accurately described each dish. They fussed with our wine until we all had something we loved.We had octopus, calamari, red snapper Brussel sprouts a sampler tomatoes salad with feta olives etc.This is the first time I have given 5 stars
5	Awesome,... Lunch special was a great value and the chicken skewer was outstanding.  If you go get the milos appetizer special, its well worth it.  Overall, it's worth the trip.
1	Service was terrible. Had to wait over 45 minutes even with a reservation and when we finally sat, it took over an hour just to bring appetizers which arrived one at a time. The entree came 2 hours after our original reservation time and it was cold. Worst of all, the attitude of the Manager was cavalier and condescending. I would not recommend this place even though the quality of the food was good.
5	Some colleagues and I finished off two bottles of greek champagne over lunch. The menu is very meat/fish-heavy and they had some trouble putting together a vegetarian meal for me (salami is meat).That said, the food was fantastic. The 'Milos Special' appetizer was out of this world (and not on the menu when I visited...). The service is attentive and everything is very much worth the price.They have a lot of very fresh food and seafood as well.  I would highly recommend this place if you are near the Cosmopolitan in Vegas.
3	Got there for a 9pm reservation and wasnt seated until 930 -- the place was super busy and great for crowd watching so the wait was fine. When we were seated, we were greeted by a chef, a sommelier and a waiter: The food was amazing but we weren't really advised as to how big the portions would be -- for me + a date, we started with a spreads platter, ordered a salad, some seabass and a vegetable plate + a couple glasses of wine -- we had WAYYY too much food for two people and ended up not even touching the vegetable plate and barely getting to the grilled fish, which at market price was $85! I've had fish just as good many times for 1/4th the price.my one wish is that we'd known how much we were ordering as we barely got to half of it and still spent over $250 with tax and tip! Order less, you can always add more if hungry! Prepare to drop $125+ per person for a glass of wine + basic food.
5	This place is a gem. Pricey yes, but fabulous. Try the grilled octopus and don't miss the sashimi. Grilled fish is to die for. Simply prepared, but excellent Also the fish baked in salt is not to be missed.
1	What an awful experience here.  I have had MUCH better service at a Chili's restaurant. We arrived at the restaurant at 8pm on a Friday. The hostess tells us to go stand by the table that we will be seated at so that the staff will know to clear and then set the service for us. We should have left right then.  Instead we stand awkwardly then sit down. Then nothing... Finally after 10 minutes a woman comes over and asks us if we are going to want anything.  Yes please, maybe some water, menus, plates, etc??? What is it that she thinks we are here for???We get bread and water and menus. Now a new guy comes over. The menu is confusing if you have never dined here before. I asked for an explanation about how to order, how do we know what the specials are. What kind of a response did I get, he basically mumbled and walked away.This sort of cat and mouse game went on with numerous service issues. To get to the point, we finally got food, but clearly could have used the advice that we asked for as we ordered far too much for two people. Tomato salad $26.00- Hot house tomatoes, green bell peppers, feta and olives. This was about the same quality that I have at the buffet earlier that day. It was well seasoned, not very fresh, certainly not high quality tomato, very good feta.Mediterranean spread- This was one of the best things that we had, definitely enough food for 4.Steamed potatoes- $18 COLD. As in, these are served chilled. Not good. Not just because they are served chilled, they are simply just not good. There is absolutely nothing about these potatoes that is at all memorable. We did not even attempt to make a dent in them. The fish was excellent. it was also $81/pound for Snapper PLUS a cooking charge. however when they brought the fish that they serve table side, they had not bused any appetizer plates, and I was left holding the dirty plates on my lap until they sent a waiter over to clear space for another plate. This is actually funny how horrible it was. I nearly laughed or cried or something, WTF.I am actually offended at the service I received here. Truly outrageous for 100 and up per plate.
5	This review is for the $20.12 (hint: the price is the year for all of you future readers) lunch special. If you have not had it, stop reading this and head over there. It is one of the best dining deals in the whole city!When I went, I opted for the grilled octopus ($10 addition), but it was hands down the best octopus I have ever eaten, great grilled flavor and super tender. I'm not talking about tender for an octopus, I'm talking actually cut with a fork tender.For the main course I had the grilled mediterranean bass. It is the same fish that is on the dinner menu for a much higher price. It comes as a whole fish so look out if you are grossed out about that. It is lightly grilled with a drizzle of citrus and olive oil. It tasted super fresh and was cooked perfectly so it was not dried out in the least.For dessert, I had the yogurt parfait that was fruit and greek yogurt. A simple, perfect addition to a delicious lunch.Bottom line, everything was super fresh, light and perfectly cooked and was the right amount for a lunch portion.  I'll say it again, for my money this is one of the absolute best lunch deals in the whole city.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Also the best lunch deal in Las Vegas they offer a 20.12 three course prefix but I would recommend spending the extra $10 and getting the grilled octopus.  I would also recommend the milo's special appetizer deep fried zucchini and eggplant chips with tatziki sauce.
4	OK, I have to qualify my 5 star rating on the food.  The quality and taste and presentation of the food were all excellent.  However, for the price paid, and that they boast all portions are family sized, we all left hungry!  Seriously for $18 we ordered a family side of zuchinni (there were 6 of us in the party).  When it came we each literally got 2 thin slices of the vegetable.  Same price for the roasted beets and we each got 3-4 small cubes of beet.  For $187, we ordered the grilled snapper, and each of us got one very small fillet from the fish.  So while everything we ordered was tasty and delicious, for the price and family style billing, you will need to go out for burgers after dinner.
2	Went for Saturday brunch at noon and were looking for something non-greasy but fulfilling.  Refreshing ambiance after walking on the strip.  The colors and textures were rugged but clean.  We elected to eat at the bar.  It seemed like the staff was still busy prepping for lunch, noted that the inexperienced bar tender was tending the bar while the experienced one was busy prepping.  We witnessed an on the job training evolution after he failed to properly open a bottle of champagne.  The alcohol prices were extremely high, I'm assuming to offset the good deal on the meal.  Warm grilled bread was served with really good olive oil to start off.  My girlfriend had the skewered scallops with couscous and I had the tomato salad.  The scallops were tasty but could have used a touch more char and the couscous was fluffy but needed a little more season.  The tomato salad with hothouse cucumbers and onions was fresh and the feta delicious; salty and not overly pungent.  For the entree we ordered the salmon and the sea bass.  Both were cooked very well, the salmon serving was large and both were platted with steamed broccoli.  Although deboned, there were a few straggler bones which the server reminded me of at delivery.  Service, service, service.  The restaurant started to fill up during this time and we ordered dessert with the bar tender; Walnut pie and fresh fruit plate.  There was an uncomfortable delay of about 30 minutes until this arrived, a void which we filled with a few $16 glasses of Chardonnay.  The Walnut pie was actually cake which disappointed us however the sorbet it was topped with was tasty and combined nicely with the cake.  The fruit plate was composed a disappointing 6 blueberries, 1/2 a strawberry, and a thin medallion of orange, grapefruit, and grapefruit and a chunk of pineapple; basically a plate of cocktail garnishes.A good deal if you don't drink alcohol, food was tasty for the price, service left something to be desired.
3	Came here for their Saturday brunch/lunch special with like 13 people, they spread out the table for us in the center and the service was pretty good.We all took advantage of their $20.12 lunch special and most of us ordered different things...as an appetizer I opted for the "Canadian Classic" - Willy Krauch Nova Scotia Smoked Salmon, cream cheese, red onion & the World Famous St. Viateur Bagel from Montreal - the salmon was fresh and delicious, the cream cheese was regular cream cheese, not bad - not drool-worthy, the bagel...let's talk about the bagel shall we? I could've played hockey with this lil sesame covered object. I'm not sure if the bagel was stale or if it was just not meant to be tasty, but me and one of my friends ended up devouring our slabs of smoked salmon with the complimentary bread that was served in baskets...that bread was warm, fluffy and tasty.For my main course I went with the Lavraki (grilled Mediterranean seabass) which I believe was grilled in a delightful mix of lemon, butter and olive oil - this was DELICIOUS. Each bite was amazing and even better when I squeezed fresh lemon all over it.For desert I was saddened that they had no options in the vanilla or chocolate family so I went with their Walnut Pie with Kaimaki ice cream...I'm not a pie person so I supposed I'm biased but I did not like this pie one bit and the Kaimaki ice cream was incredibly fragrant and tasted like dirt, which after looking "Kaimaki" up and learning that it's made using a powder made from the root of an orchid plant, makes perfect sense. Again, this must be an aquired taste...one I just haven't aquired.Cocktails were great, no complaints there. Was tempted to give this place 4 stars, but really felt it was more like 3.5...so I'm giving it 3 stars because on Yelp that means, "A-OK" and that's exactly what this place was. A-Ok.
1	We went here to have a small dinner with family (6 of us).  The waiter recommended that we get the Red Snapper - it was their special or something.  He said the Red Snapper only feeds 3 people so we should get two orders of it.  We told him that we only wanted one order and if we were still hungry we'd order another one.  Food was okay not the greatest.  We got our bill and the f***ing piece of fish was $200.  We felt like we got conned.  There was nothing on the menu that was even close to costing $200 so how were we supposed to know it cost that much.  We should have complained to the manager but we didn't want to cause a scene in front of a lot of people.I've had better fish at the floating market in Bangkok that only cost me $100 Thai Baht ($3 USD).  What if we listened to our con man waiter and went with two pieces of fish?  He would have charged us $400?  I'm never going to this place again.  I recommend to anyone who goes here to order only off the menu because they will screw you if you get the "special".  And yes I went back to check their menu and its not on there.Last thing.  It took us 20 minutes to get our bill.  Maybe they were debating in the back whether or not we would be stupid enough to pay $200 for a piece of fish.P.S. I don't understand how everyone on this page is giving them 5 stars.  They must all work there or something.
4	The decor is stunning.  It is on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, with a view of The Strip.  There is an outside balcony.  Their dips and spreads are fantastic.  Service was excellent.
3	We were staying at the Cosmopolitan and were told that this restaurant was a must so we decided to check it out.To start off, we were greeted with dirty looks by the staff. I dont understand why as we were dressed quite nice. The atmospehere was cold and dead. It was not lively at all. The menu varied and it is only getting 3 stars because of how extensive their fish menu is (most of it is not on the menu because it is so fresh). We each had one glass of wine and for two people the bill was $300. We had one starter, he ordered one fish and I had three small langoustine. We dine at the most trendy/expensive restaurants in Miami where the bill has been a maximum of $250 and thats only due to several drinks. This restaurant is soooo overpriced for what you get. The fish was OK but for that price I would expect to fall out of my chair from the mind-blowing taste. It is not worth the money. I do understand its probably pretty pricy to fly fish from all over the world but still, too expensive. Go next door to Jaleo. The ambiance and food is MUCH better and far less expensive.
4	Went for a business dinner on recommendation from a client.  Everything was great. Service was great, the perfect amount of attentiveness.  The food was amazing, ordered the raw fish sampler as an appetizer and all of it was delicious and for the main course I ordered the grilled mediterranean seabass, it was cooked perfect, moist with touch of citrus and olive oil.  Everything tasted super fresh.  The drinks were delicious too, had their signature spiced pear martini and really good house cab.I can't wait to try it again!
5	Lunch preset menu was great! For $21 we've got a three course gourmet meal. The atmosphere was great. The service was exceptional. Very good find for Las Vegas.
5	Since we went to Estiatorio Milos in April 2011 we have been telling everyone we know about the "most amazing meal we have ever had."This restaurant hit such high marks that we are still sharing our personal experience almost a year later. We just told friends about it last night at dinner. The food, service and ambiance was amazing.Our evening started with a custom cocktail in the bar. The bartender created a cool refreshing vodka cocktail of muddled cucumber, orange juice, ginger syrup and a splash of soda (at least that is what we think it was). We are continually requesting bartenders around the country to recreate such a refreshing cocktail.Our journey to our table passed us by the beautiful assortment of fresh fish, much flown in from the Aegean Sea. We ooh'ed and ahh'ed and had no idea that we would come back shortly to hand select our meal. Yum!Our table was near a wide walkway but the decor disguised the feeling of openness and our table felt intimate and private. Adjacent table were far enough away so as not to overhear other conversations.The service was impeccable. There were 5 or 6 wait staff throughout the meal but we never really noticed them. We would just realize the water glass was continually full, but we didn't notice anyone fill it. Our wine glass was refilled as needed by never noticed the interruption. The empty plates would disappear without noticing hand reaching to the table. They never once interrupted our conversation. Impeccable service.And then, there is the food. Oh my, the food is to die for! We started with the infamous zucchini appetizer. What a fabulous way to eat your veggies!We also enjoyed the fresh heirloom tomato salad. Yum!And then there was the fresh fish...we were escorted to the iced display and told of the various variety of fish and the different sizes. Since it was just the two of us we selected one of the smaller fish. When it was brought to our table, it was a beautiful fillet served on a platter and smelled delicious. It was just as tasty. We ate the whole fish! How could you not?We didn't do dessert as we are not really dessert people.We enjoyed a bottle of Greek wine which we found in a shop nearby Estiatorio Milos.Altogether, this was a wonderful experience to all the senses and we are looking forward to going back our next trip to Vegas.
3	Ate here this past Monday for lunch. The restaurant itself is beautiful. Crisp linens, tile floors, outside patio dining. We sat outside and couldnt wait to have a light, fresh fish meal. It was a disappointing experience. A Greek seafood restaurant but they were out of fish. Here's how it went down: they give you a 3 course price fixed menu for $20 or so. You get to pick one appetizer one main and one dessert. I ordered the scallop skewer appetizer, the salmon main course. My co-diner ordered the octopus appetizer ($10 up charge) and the Bass main course. The waiter comes back and they're out of scallops and out of salmon. So my appetizer choices are now a crab cake, octopus or a hummus platter. And my main courses are a chicken skewer, lamb chops or tuna burger. I went with the octopus and chicken skewer. Mind you I advised them under no circumstances was I paying the up charge for the octopus to which they complied and the chicken came with fries which I don't eat. Plus it was just a chicken skewer I could've made at home. The octopus was absolutely delicious as was the yogurt martini for dessert. I had a piece of my friends bass but it was loaded with pin bones. Bummer as I had really high expectations for this place. I only give it 3 stars because the octopus and dessert were so good otherwise it would've been 2.
5	This is in the Cosmo which I love! It is not stuffy or pretentious. Lunch is the way to go! I had the three course lunch for $20.12 (plus the upcharges) I got the grilled octopus (upcharge)--incredible!!! I also got the lamb (upcharge) which was also spectacular! Dessert is nothing to write home about! The Apricot Press cocktail is heaven sent!!! Try it! This place is elegant and upscale!
5	Amazing!!! all their seafood is flown in from around the world within 24 hours. Super fresh, its all on display where you can go look at all the fish and pick what you want. the Charred octopus was my favorite, I love octopus but I'm very picky about it and this was the best I've ever had. Super clean and simple. I love that I could taste the fish and not just salt and seasoning which most places overdo on grilled fish. Service was fantastic, super friendly and very knowledgeable about the preparation and ingredients of the food. I love to know how things are made. Fantastic drinks and they constantly give you new silverware, plates, and clean up crumbs. Two Thumbs up
5	This review is only for Estiatorio Milo's lunch special.  Estiatorio Milos is an extremely expensive and excellent restaurant located in the Cosmopolitan.  They have a daily 3 course lunch special for $20.12 which is guaranteed to impress.  The lunch scallops, fish, eggplant (off the regular menu), octopus, and lamb were all perfect.  The service was great, the ambiance is upscale, and the patio is very comfortable and airy.  I'd go back any day for this lunch special.  The friends we went with for lunch have eaten dinner here and said the bill was close to $400 for two with about the same food.  This is now one of my favorite Vegas lunch spots.  Food-5 stars, Service-5 stars, Value (lunch special)-5 stars, Ambiance-5 stars.
5	I haven't been to dinner here, but the $20.12 lunch special is fantastic. They seem to have switched out some of the items over the past year, but I really like the Greek Meze Plate and Tomato Salad as appetizers, the Lavraki (I'm not a big fish fan either) and Lamb Chops (they're now $10 extra) for entree and the Yogurt Martini for dessert. They also serve bread with some stellar Greek olive oil. It's a highly satisfying meal, especially for that price in Vegas and definitely worth checking out.
2	I picked this up in some of the other reviews but one of the most striking things about this restaurant is its overly-pushy and salesy wait staff.  For a fine-dining institution, I'd think they would be a little classier.  Don't get me wrong, we spent  over $200 on dinner but the wait staff constantly were trying to upsell us on the most expensive items on the menu.  Even the fish of the day was a whopping $53/lb and the waiter didn't disclose that to us.The food itself was really good - the grilled Octopus was very memorable and the tomato salad were generous and refreshing.  But unfortunately for us, we'll remember the pushy wait staff more than the food itself.
4	I'm a big fan of Greek food but I was unsure of what to expect from Estiatorio Milos.I glanced the website before I entered and while they do have some of the more well known Greek dishes a lot of their dishes were straight up foreign to me. I was a tad hesitant but i'm soooooo glad we went.So I decided to go during Restaurant Week and the food was DELICIOUS!! I had the Lobster Spaghetti and was blown away.While the dish itself when served looks relatively simple it was much more delightful than planned. Sometimes with lobster the taste can be kind of sweet so I was unsure of how well it would fare with the spaghetti sauce but they pulled it off. And while it is pricey they have a wonderful lunch special that anyone could afford. I will definitely be back! They would be a 5 star but I was unimpressed with the reservation service. They opened at lunch but had multiple multiple 12 noon reservations so even though we arrived on time there was quite a line forming and we had to wait about 15 minutes. Not too bad but I would expect a better flow. Maybe i'm being picky.. Idk !
4	great food, service and view of the Strip. Beautiful room. Yes, lunch fixed menu price is a steal. Go before they realize.
5	Went to check out the Cosmo hotel, and could only find this fine dining establishment open at lunch time. It was absolutely mind boggling that you can get top notch quality dining for $20.12. They only offer this prix fix option at lunch.  We started with the diver scallops, tasted so fresh, someone brought them up 24 hours before being put on my plate, but you only get 3!, anyways YUM! My husband upgraded to the Lobster spaghetti for an extra $15.  The lobster presentation is top notch. You get the complete lobster body split in half with the spaghetti in the middle, so get ready to shoot a picture before you dig in. I had the Lavraki fish, delicate, lovely dish.  We both enjoyed the yogurt martini for the dessert portion. If you don't like Greek yogurt, don't order. The yogurt is mixed with strawberry puree and sweetened just right.   Don't pass this lunch deal up.  Since most meals we had in other fine dining establishments are 3 times this much for the same items.  If you loved the Lavraki fish here, you've got to go try the Loup De Mer dish at Central in Caesars.  The best light fish dish I had on the strip so far.
5	If you are looking for a fancy seafood lunch under twenty bucks on strip, you should definitely consider Milos. It offers lunch menu with 3 courses for $20.12 from Monday through Sunday. You can chose one from 6 different appetizers, 6 different main courses, and 3 options of deserts. I came here with my mom for Sunday lunch, and got seated at terrace. Atmosphere at terrace was very relaxing with stylish ambiance. My first course was fresh diver scallop skewer. Scallop tasted very fresh. It was cooked perfectly with right amount of seasoning. I could still taste sweetness of fresh scallops from my dish.  I had grilled Mediterranean bass as my main course. It was absolutely delicious!!! Fish meat tasted very elegant. Chef removed all the fish bones during preparations, so I could enjoy my dish with no worries. Bass was grilled beautifully with little seasoning of olive oil and sea salt. Is was simple and just perfect. I had walnut cake as desert. It was light and not too sweet. Overall I had a great time here, and would definitely be back very soon with friends and family. Milos truly won 5 starts on my yelp book. It is truly worthy every penny I spent here. Two thumbs up!!!
5	Went here for a friend's bachelorette party after not being able to get a reservation at STK.  What a blessing in disguise!!  This staff was friendly, attentive, not too pushy, and very helpful.  He talked us away from ordering the whole appetizer of spreads, and instead told us to just choose one, since many of the other appetizers already come with a spread.  We told our waiter we wanted to steer away from things that were too "alive" looking, and he didn't pressure us to get anything we didn't want, even if it was more expensive. After recently traveling to Greece, I wasn't expecting this place to compare.  But, it was DELICIOUS.  Yes, the fish and plates are expensive.  But, you're in VEGAS where a Coke starts around $5! They have fresh and festive food, the atmosphere is fun, and the service is great.  If you want a cheap meal, go somewhere else.  You'll be missing out.My four friends and I shared Taramasalata, Milos Special (the best fried zucchini I've ever had), Fried Calamari, 1.5 pounds of Lobster, a Prime Rib, and the Lamb Chops.  We also each had a few stronnnggg and fun cocktails.  The meal was around $500 with tip and we left stuffed and feeling very happy that we chose this place for our one "fancy" dinner in Vegas.
5	This was amazing Greek food.  We started with a array of appetizers-- dips and pita, stuffed calamari, a sashimi plate and grilled octopus.  We then had a fabulously prepared fish (for 7 people) and a tomahawk steak.  AMAZING!  I loved looking at the fish selections in the "fish market" set up.    Service was great and atmosphere classy and modern.
4	This was my second visit to Milos.  I must say, if you are not a seafood lover, the menu is mostly seafood.  Particularly the lunch menu only offers chicken on a skewer or you can pay a $10 surcharge if you want lamb chops.  The chicken is only okay.  The tomato salad had the best tomatoes I have ever had.  They were incredible.
5	I've had the opportunity to dine here twice and each time it was just a phenomenal meal and experience.  For sure one of the best restaurants I have ever eat at in a beautiful setting with great service.So, let's talk about the food.  I was an especially big fan of the appetizers here-- the grilled peppers, fried veggies and cheese a.k.a. the Milos Special, and the grilled octopus were so great.  I don't eat octopus.  And this was so good.  As far as entrees go, I had a wonderful grilled sea bass and they made an equally delicious spanikopita-like entree for my vegetarian friend.  If you are looking for a great meal and have money to burn, dine here.  You won't regret it.
5	Last time I had Greek food that tasted this good I was at Taverna Katina in  Oia Santorini!However, this place is VERY expensive.
5	I came here for their lunch prefixe. $20.12 for 3 courses. There are certain items where you have to pay extra eg lobster pasta ($15 more), grilled octopus ($10 more). But overall, this is a very good deal, especially if you want seafood that is not overcooked.I ordered their grilled octopus, grilled Mediterranean sea bass, and a yogurt martini. Very filling meal indeed. The grilled octopus had a light charcoal flavor mixed in with some sauteed onions. The tentacle pieces did not have a rubbery texture where I think I'm chewing on plastic. It might be a bland dish if you're the type to prefer bold flavors. But as an appetizer, it does its job for making you want more of their foods. It's not overwhelming since it's only the first course. Perfect size to share if you're dining with one or two other. My sea bass was much more flavorful, just as I expected. A filet of sea bass grilled with lemon sauce. The ends of the fish can be a bit more tough from overcooking, but the inner parts were so soft, you can feel pieces of the fish as your tongue separates it layer by layer. The skin was grilled to a perfect crisp and soaks up the lemon sauce. If you took a bite with both the skin and the meat, you have like two sets of sensations going on in your mouth. I haven't had good seafood like this in a long while. The sauce was a bit too much for my broccoli on the side though, a bit too salty for my taste. My dessert ended my meal with a grin. It is my first time trying Greek yogurt. I never knew what the hype is all about. It is very aromatic and filling. Although the dessert was served in a martini glass, the heavy yogurt will definitely fill in all the gaps. If you're the type to prefer a less sweet dessert, this will be a good choice. Very tarty, and arguably healthy (depends on how much you ate altogether.) I'm definitely coming back for more!Lastly, I do want to mention to the beer lovers, do try their Hillas beer. I'm an IPA person, huge fan of aromatic undertones. This beer is not an IPA, not heavy or too bitter, but it does have some floral notes. Definitely give it a try!Service was great. Our server was very attentive and friendly. Doesn't get pushy in making us order certain things. Kind of good looking too, so that boosted my appetite. They have outdoor seating as well as indoors. I wouldn't suggest outdoors during late spring/early summer for lunch because it is just burning outside. It's very spacious inside, with a nice couch surrounding the main dining room. You can somehow see the kitchen in the corner (we were seated right in front of it, which is great to watch). The only complaint I have is our table. The actual table was not leveled, so either my friend leaned one way or my feet were placed in certain ways, we might tip it over or something. Had to be very careful throughout the entire meal.
5	Was there for dinner and the food was amazing! The waiter took us to see the fish (which is flown in daily). He was extremely knowledgable about the fish and the menu. The wine pairing was good, but I feel it could have been better. The wait staff was great, but when the reservation was made it was asked if this was for a special occasion, which it was, but was never brought up again.
5	Spectacular. World class. Innovative. Expensive? You bet. Worth it? Every penny.We went with a reserve Greek red - very Bordeaux like and food friendly. We couldn't decide what to order - so they did an on the fly chef tasting. The food was everything I look for in a food "experience": taste, presentation, creativity. And service? World class.  From Sargas? sashimi, to an octopus that ate like fillet, to a killer lamb chop and more - Milo's delivered. The complimentary liquor made from tree sap - cant remember the name - was a fitting coup de gras that was totally unlike anything else I've tasted.Indeed, Milo's makes the bucket list.
4	My sister and her friend had received a dining credit with their hotel stay at the Cosmopolitan, so they invited us to join them for dinner here. The food was all very fresh and they give you a tour of their fish market which is located within the restaurant. Imagine a very tiny, very clean Pike Place Market. We chose to order about 5 appetizers and one shrimp entree to share. The presentation was very nice, but the portions are quite small. We also ordered cocktails, which were unique and tasty. Mine had bourbon, which was different. My sister's was a very cute pink color martini with elderflower in it. The decor is tasteful and chic, like most upscale restaurants in Vegas. One thing this is a Greek restaurant, but the emphasis is more Coastal Mediterranean than Gyro.
5	I have no legit excuse why it has taken me so freakin long to hit up this place for lunch.  It's not like there aren't enough 5 star reviews on it already:P  I've read them all, had this place bookmarked forever and it lived up to the hype!  Definitely won't take as long to come back here.  My petite wife gets cold pretty easily.  Anyone else ever bring a snuggie to the movie theater?  So being seated on the terrace was the clear choice.  The sunlight, high ceilings and decor really transports you somewhere else.  The indoor dining area isn't too shabby either but this is where it's at!Down to business!  The 3 course lunch for $20.12 was what we were here for.  Appetizer:My wife got the Greek meze plate which had tarama (creamy paste with fish roe), tzatziki (cucumber yogurt), htipiti (Greek feta dip, kinda like hummus), manouri cheese (like super creamy feta), olives and cherry tomatoes along with a side of pita.  Yum yum.  The tarama was the clear standout as it was the first time either of us had eaten that before.  I love fish roe and all things caviar.  I shelled out the extra $10 for the grilled octopus: sashimi quality Mediterranean octopus, charcoal-broiled with lemon and olive oil.  It was worth every....single....penny.  Grilled octopus has to be one of the top 10 meats of all time!  I cut the pieces even smaller to try and savor each bite.  Entree:And just when I thought things couldn't get any better...they DID!  The waiter and a lot of Yelp reviews stressed the Lavraki (grilled Mediterranean bass) and it was so fucking good.  I could eat this for lunch 3 times a week for the rest of my life easy!!  A whole bass grilled up with lemon and oil was simple yet perfect.  I even ate the head bits and eyeballs for chrissakes!! My wife went with the tuna burger but it was pretty much carb overload at that point.  Between the second bread basket, pita from the meze and then the bun on the burger, she just went from the protein.  The tuna was cooked nicely.  I think there was an orange slice in it?  The zuchinni fries were great as well.  They added mint to them which had them take on a whole different taste than the usual way they're done.  Dessert:     Walnut pie with kaimaki ice cream was like a super spiced coffee cake and my wife loved the yogurt martini.I am not so hot on the dinner prices here but I would recommend this lunch to anyone.  I am ready to go again!
5	I had heard from a few people that the Lunch at Milos is great, so yesterday I took the Mrs. for lunch and it was outstanding.  They have the 3 course tasting menu for $20.12 which includes a choice of 5 or 6 appetizers, 4-5 entrees and 3 desserts.  I had the Tomato Salad, Lamb Chops ($10 up charge) and a fruit Plate.  The salad was s typical greek style salad but was really good, the lamb chops were some the best I have ever had with a little side of excellent fries and a some broccoli.  The Fruit plate was small and was perfect 10 melon and berries.  The design and Atmosphere was great and we sat outside where it is covered and has a strip view.  The only down side was the sewage smell from the strip was seeping into the outside patio, however the smell of the food did cover it up and that is the only thing wrong at Milos!
5	WOW! Best brunch EVER. Words simply can not describe how absoutley fantastic the food was. For $20.12 you get a wonderful 3 course meal We were a pretty good sized party and they accommodated us, and service was great. Decor was beautiful but understated. I think the highlight of the entire restaurant is the HUGE display of fresh fish. They seemed to have an extensive wine list as well.
4	Went to Milos for lunch on Sunday based on the recommendation of Sunday at L'Atelier, who also made us a reservation (necessary shout-out!).  The $20.12 menu is a great deal!  Of course we ordered octopus and crab cakes, which each had supplements (and then wine/drink, coffee, so you can get far beyond that $20.12 per person).  The food was great.  The drinks were delicious.  My friend and I had the Mediterranean sea bass as well and, while I'm not a fan of bony fish, I just loved its flavor.  So good.  For dessert my friend had fruit and I had the yogurt martini, which was refreshing and a nice conclusion to lunch.But, the topper was dining on the indoor-outdoor terrace.  It really made us feel like we were transported from Vegas.  Good on ya, Milos!
1	I came here hungry & left hungry. But my wallet sure got lighter. Came for the lunch deal. Should have went else where. Since everyone hyped it up. I'll give it a try. Big MisTake.. Ordered the bagel & salmon & scallops. It was only half a bagel and 2 scallops that was not fully cooked. Ordered salon & bass. Both had no favor. All I tasted was lemon that they squeezed on. The salon was like sushi almost raw and the bass was overcooked. Ok time for desert this should be the best part but NOo. The walnut pie was a carrot cake full of walnuts and this very minty nasty tasting ice cream on top. Also ordered the yogurt it was bad. I left super disappointed and hungry. Went to get secret pizza afterward & was still disappointed.
5	I came here for lunch and had some of the best seafood I ever had anywhere.  Highly recommended.
5	Favorite restaurant on the East tower of the Cosmo. It's ambiance is nice and if you sit outside you get a great view of the strip. All of the employees were very nice and the food was delicious!
4	We love to order multiple appetizers and share them with a group, even to the point of getting full and going light on the main course.  We decided to to that at Milo's and it was fantastic.  From perfectly grilled vegetables, calamari, hummus with pita bread, tomato salad.... it was all yummy.  Along with some bread (slightly burnt on purpose) and a beverage of your choice, we ordered enough to feed 12.  We did try the fish special (sole from I don't remember where) of the day.  All very very tasty.  The view of the strip was pleasant especially without the noise.  Healthy, delicious and quiet, this is a great place for a group or a romantic dinner.   Call ahead for a reservation, even if the website says there are no available seats, we were able to get a table for 12 at 6pm simply my contacting a human being via the phone.
1	Went there with a group of friends, 6 people. Restaurant of course is very nice looking but thats where it ends. The service was on the "cold side". No warmth from the staff. Very disconnected to customers.Unfortunately the food was a Big Fail! I visit Las Vegas often, and know very well you will totally overpay for food and drinks, it's just the way it is. And thats Okay, just don't make me feel like I got ripped-off, and give me a good dinner and overall positive experience.They start out by taking us on tour of the fish selection on ice. These "imported" fish had price tags of $59 per lb. for fish that is around $22 per lb in the stores, but thats okay, its Vegas and you expect excellence for that price ... right ??I then asked, how fresh the fish was? After all, isn't Freshness paramount for fish? They said is was shipped in from Greece about 72 hours ago. Translated around 3-5 days in reality. So, $60 per lb of fish thats not fresh ?? mmmm... something fishy here!!Long story short... typical hyped up Las Vegas restaurant, with average cooking skill sets. Virtually every dish tasted like it had buckets of salt on it... awful and not a sign of a good chef if they had to drown their food in salt.Two people had lamb chops (2 per on the plate). For $60 you would expect to have a little meat on each chop. Well... they were about 80% fat and grisle !!!I ordered grilled octopus and it came out over cooked and gave it back. Was so disgusted at that point, just paid the bill .... all $600 of it !! This story is very common with Las Vegas restaurants. All flash... and mediocre cooking at best. If you are from a small town in Arkansas, you might be in awe, but if you are from San Francisco or NY etc. it's a major disappointment!!!
4	After a weekend high rollin at the Cosmo, the wife and I wanted to get a quick bite before heading back to reality.  I saw this joint and the 20.12 special for lunch.  We were tired of the usual breakfast fare so we thought we would try something different.  Glad we did.This restaurant has a very cool, modern feel to it.  High end looking but not snobby.  We each got the lunch special.  For appetizer I got the grilled octopus.  Gotta pay an extra $10 but well worth it.  Nice char to it and a surprisingly good portion with olive oil and seasonings.  The wife got the greek plate which consisted of a hummus, a tzatziki (did I spell that right?), and some kind of bell pepper spread with like 3 pieces of pita.  The wife loved it but again why only 3 pieces of pita?For main course, I got the Lavraki which is a sea bass.  Nice and light with olive oil and lemon.  Just 3 bites in, the wife was eyeing my plate.  So we did the ol switcheroo.  That means I ended up eating her tuna burger.  While not a big fan of tuna burgers this one was actually pretty good.  Its not a seared tuna, its fully cooked but surprisingly not dry.  For dessert, the wife got a yogurtini and I got the walnut cake.  The yogurtini was more like a yogurt parfait.  The walnut cake was nice and moist.I think that you cannot go wrong with the lunch special.  Since we sat near the kitchen I saw the lamb chops and lobster pasta going out and they both looked pretty tasty.  Next time, we may try the dinner menu.  Thumbs up from me.
4	I really wanted to give 5 stars on food alone but the service was just okay.. I got the rosemary filet with asparagus and it was probably one of the best steaks I have ever had.  We also got the sampler dip platter, that was delicious as well.
5	Awesome restaurant.The $20 lunch is insane.  Best deal in Vegas.I had the octopus ($10 supplement) which was perfect.Bass - perfectwalnut cake with pine sap (syrup) ice milk.The Somm is a great guy.  Very knowledgeable and passionate.  Put yourself in his hands.
5	The BF and I decided to have a date day starting with a nice lunch. I've heard about this 3 course $20.12 meal which used to be weekday. When I found out that they now serve it everyday until 2:30pm we headed straight over. I love the airy room and the terrace looks like a nice option to enjoy on a rare nice day. It was too hot so we stayed inside. They start you off with grilled, crusty bread and some good olive oil.Starters : Fresh Diver Scallop Skewer with green bell pepper, sweet onion & couscous- the skewer had some of the most fresh and sweet scallops I've had since moving to Vegas. It leads me to believe they weren't pre packaged , but fresh shucked as that's the only time I've had as superior of a scallop.   The preparation was very simple but it showed off the quality well. Grilled Mediterranean Octopus ($10 supplement) - this was worth the supplement. It was tender, the char was strong but was a nice flavor with the onions, caper and simple lemon, olive oil and sea salt. The BF normally doesn't like octopus because in his mind the texture is too rubbery but he enjoyed this. Main: We both got the Lavraki/ grilled Mediterranean bass - It's a whole fish that just needed some of the lemon and that's it. They buttferfly it and debone except the collar and keep the head, skin on so keep in mind for people who only eat foods that don't resemble the animal they are. I happen to love that they chose to keep it  The flavor was a bit sweet, ocean-y in the right ways. It comes with a few broccoli stems and I thought I would need some sort of starch but I didn't. I had a bit of the bread left and that was enough and didn't take away from the fish. I even convinced my BF to try eating pieces of its face and eyes since it was fresh. Hah.  If you love sea bass like we do then this will make you very happy.  Dessert: Walnut Pie with Kaimaki ice cream - With the description and even the look of the walnut cake I thought it was gonna be rich, warm and buttery and it was not. It took a whole unexpected crumbly texture and was served cold. The kaimaki isn't a ice cream I see often and it was nice to see a very Greek thing on the menu. Oddly, this is a refreshing dessert because of the texture and coolness and our other dessert that I thought was going to be light was the rich one.  Yogurt Martini - this was rich and lovely. It is not like store Greek yogurt if that is what you are expecting but it's almost like a very soft cheese consistency. The berry syrup with it gave the right amount of tang. It seems like the portions would make for a skimpy meal, but we were happily full.The service was good, courteous, attentive and unobtrusive the way a high end restaurant should be. From our app to main there was a bit of a wait so maybe our fish went to someone else, but they definitely checked on us, apologized for the wait, brought us out more bread and got it to us cooked perfectly. I do not mind waiting for food that is delicious.This is a very solid dinner and I feel a "must do" on the strip. If you love humble meals that show off the natural flavors of things then this place will impress in freshness. I will definitely be doing this again when family is in town.
4	Our last dinner in Las Vegas was at the infamous Estiatorios Milos.  There is a Manhattan location, but it has been acclaimed as one of the top restaurants in all of Las Vegas, so I had to check it out there.We started with the Mediterranean Spreads appetizer which included 3 different Greek dips.  As I swiped my pita bread through each one, the flavors got better and better.  The Taramosalata had whitefish caviar, olive oil & sweet onion.  It was good but I wish it had a stronger fish flavor.  The Skordalia was an almond, garlic & olive oil emulsion.  Basic but delicious.  The Htipiti was roasted Holland peppers, feta cheese & olive oil.  It has a strong pepper flavor, which I absolutely loved.  My favorite dip with the Tzatziki which is Greek yogurt, cucumber, and garlic.  It was thicker than other types of tzatziki I have had.We ordered the Calamari as well which was lightly fried with lemon.  It was a bit over-salted but delicious none the less.Estiatorios Milos has a wonderful fresh fish selection.  My friend and I decided to share the Black Sea Bass for 2.  It was served with olive oil and lemon sauce.  Basic, but perfect for a summer fish dish.We ended with Baklava.  Three bites of sweet, crunchy, flakey goodness.  Not how I would usually picture Baklava, but Milos' take is just as wonderful.  Overall, the service was spotty but everyone there was very knowledgeable
4	Can't beat the $20.12 lunch special!    We started with the meze plate appetizer and the grilled octopus (which has a $10 up charge).  I was hoping to get the scallop appetizer, but they just ran out.  For our entrees, we had the Lavraki (grilled bass) and the salmon.  And dessert, we had the fruit plate and walnut pie.  Everything was very good and you really can't get a better quality lunch for the price.  Dinner is much more expensive so if you have never been and want to check the restaurant out, this is the way to go.This is our third time at Estiatori Milos for lunch and the service has always been slow.  Also, it is much better to get a bottle of wine as the glass pours are very small.They also have a nice outdoor patio overlooking the strip... good place to sit as long as the weather isn't too hot/cold.
2	I'm rather shocked that I didn't enjoy this restaurant. I came here with my mom when we were staying in Vegas for the night on a road trip. My  foodie brother said we should try Estiatorio Milos, having heard about it. I had high expectations after having read reviews on Yelp (which rarely fails me), but I was disappointed.           We arrived precisely at 12pm, which is when they open for lunch. We were seated promptly. Actually, the service throughout the meal was quick, which was nice. The one complaint I have is that we were asked how we were doing or how the food was by a few different people, at least four times throughout the meal. It was annoying when we were trying to eat... I appreciated that they cared so much about us, but it was excessive. The waiter handed us the three course lunch menu and asked us if we wanted a regular lunch menu. I wish they had just brought a regular menu to us. We both ended up getting the three course lunch menus because of the amazing reviews on Yelp.           The bread was really good, the highlight of the meal for me. It was thick, crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. It came with some flavorful olive oil to dip it in.           I got the grilled octopus appetizer, while my mom got the crab cake. The octopus was OK, not delicious like I was expecting for a ten dollar supplement. It was seasoned well, but really not spectacular in my opinion. My mom's crab cake was TINY. She liked it, it was good quality crab with a nice sauce, but a better, larger crab cake can be had elsewhere for much cheaper.            For our mains, I got the infamous sea bass while my mom got the lobster pasta. My sea bass was very good with perfect seasoning...it was just not melt in your mouth amazing like I expected. My moms pasta had a bland sauce, and the lobster was chewier than it should be.           For dessert, I got the walnut cake and my mom got the yogurtini. The walnut cake was yummy; it tasted like carrot cake but nuttier and crumbly. The ice cream that accompanied it was clearly Greek as it was pretty icy. No complaints with the yogurtini.          Overall, the meal was OK. I've had better at cheaper places and MUCH better at restaurants that are the same price. For almost one hundred dollars for two people who only drank a bottle of water and got the tasting menus, the price was obscene. Honestly, I usually ignore when people gripe about the price of food on Yelp....I will gladly pay money for delicious food. Don't waste your money here, and go to another one of the many amazing restaurants Vegas has to offer.
5	We stumbled upon Milos on Saturday night and decided to give it a try.  To say we are glad we did is an understatement.  We sat outside and our waiter, whose name escapes me, was one of the nicest and most informative waiters we have had wait on us.  The dinner started with a tour of their kitchen and the fresh fish of the day, where you literally pick what you want to eat for your raw bar course and your main course.  We had the red snapper for our main course, but the tasting of raw bar is not to be missed.  Great wine list, great service.  Definitely our favorite meal during our stay in Vegas.
1	My friends and I were hesitant to make reservations here because of the mixed reviews, but decided to give it a shot. We all regret that decision. I have never experienced such terrible service at any restaurant let alone one where the bill is approximately $130 per person. We had to wait for over an hour past our reservation to be seated. It took about 25 minutes to to get water let alone a menu and drinks. Although most of the food was good, 2 people ordered the tuna and it was burnt so much on the outside that it tasted terrible. Overall, pick some where else to go!
4	Really amazing fish entrees, and the fish tour was a nice touch (ask for it!). I also thought the lamb chops and grilled octopus were delicious too. Our group was on a bit of a tight schedule and the staff was in tune with that (though due to timing of our entrees we were eating right down to the wire). Only complaint was the restaurant was filled with light smoke by the end of our dinner, not sure the root cause but hopefully that's not a regular occurrence.
2	Went here on Friday night with my girlfriend and two other couples visiting for a high school reunion.   Our experience was pleasant until our waiter came by to take our order.  He appeared to be rushed, and didn't come across very friendly/polite from the beginning.  When our food was delivered not as ordered he became that much more unfriendly, and seemed to roll his eyes every time he walked by.  A few members of our party ordered the Prime Filet, which came with a side of fries.  Each person had requested their steak medium, and one of them came out well done (no pink what so ever).  It was pointed out to the waiter who offered to get another one.  After about 15 minutes the replacement was brought to the table sliced into 5 strips, which was quite odd, but no one complained as everyone else was near done with their meal.  The side fries for her dish didn't show up for another 5 minutes after the steak, which was similar to the others at the table (maybe this is how the side of fries is traditionally delivered at the restaurant?).  Those that got their accurate food order all really liked their dish.  The steaks had great flavor, the fries had a nice crispy texture, the salmon was a bit undercooked, but still decent.  One member of the party ordered the octopus and enjoyed it.If it wasn't for the bad experience, the food might have got this restaurant 4 stars, but with the expense I would hope that people dont have this kind of experience and service.
5	wow Milos I love you!Best lunch special on the strip and city!Been here twice for lunch and I'm in love!Locals and visitors you must come here for lunch!Great customer service, ambience and value :)I'm a fan!
5	I came here after seeing a website listing the top 20 places to eat in Las Vegas and I have to say, I was not disappointed. This place is known for their $20.12 lunch special which is a three course meal.I tried: -the skewed scallop for appetizer, -organic chicken with pita bread for the main course, and -walnut cake for dessert. All was very good and left me fairly full and satisfied. The restaurant being located in the Cosmopolitan has a very nice atmosphere. The servers were all very attentive and friendly. Overall, a great deal.
5	This review is for the 3 Course Lunch Special for $20.12, which will change in price every year. Its nice to have a local foodie friend who knows the hidden gems of cheap fine dining. The restaurant is located on the upper floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, decorated in light colors with and airy feel. You can almost feel the breeze of the Mediterranean ocean as you dine.GRILLED OCTOPUS (+10 more) - the sashimi quality Mediterranean octopus was grilled to perfections with the smokiness showing through every crunchy bite. They were able to cook it before it became chewy. The portion size was larger then what I expected, but then again I am paying extra for this dish.LAVRAKI - grilled Mediterranean bass, this dish was simply made with salt, pepper and lemonYOGURT MARTINI - tart yogurt with a sweet raspberry or was it strawberry drizzle on top. I like my tart yogurts, but holy moly was this TART and THICK.For a 3 course meal, which was light and healthy, this is a definite favorite for future visits.
5	One of the very best $20 lunches to be had in Vegas and certainly an incredible steal for any place in the Cosmopolitan.The Grilled Octopus (+10) is well worth the upgrade.  The octopus was grilled to perfection, incredibly tender, meaty, and smoky.  Don't bother with the Salmon.  It's not bad but it pales in comparison to the Lavraki (european sea bass, loup de mer, branzino).  The Lavraki was sweet and perfectly seasoned with olive oil, salt and capers.  The lamb chops were also very good if you're not into fish.Amazing.
4	Review is for Restaurant Week Fall 2012 menu:This was a four course meal with no choice for each of the courses.   Course 1:  Carpaccio Of Mediterranean Caught Fish With Fresh Herbs, Citrus, Afrala Sea Salt And Extra Virgin Olive Oil.  The fish was so delicate and so tasty.  The olive oil and the salt made the dish.  It was very good.Course 2:  Grilled octopus with roasted peppers and assorted grilled mushrooms.  Another winner of a dish.  The octopus was so tasty and the mushrooms were very good. Course 3:  Grilled Mediterranean sea bass.  It was the whole fish with the head cut off and placed to the left of the opened fish.  The server cautioned me about avoiding the collar bones which were attached to the meat.  A very tasty fish, perfectly cooked to preserve its moistness.Course 4:  Greek walnut cake with Kaimaki ice cream.  Very tasty cake and flavorful ice cream.  The meal came with a basked of bread--2 slices in my case--I was dining alone.  There was a small dish into which the server poured olive oil for dipping the bread.I really like the room.  The decor is very nice that I'd like to call modern rustic.  The lights have small filaments in a twist formation that give off a pleasant glow.  The furniture is modern.Service was quite good given that there was a party of about 20 people that came about 10 minutes after me and they took a lot of time.A few things keep this from getting 5 stars.  Between the second and third course, the waiter removed my bread and olive oil.  As he was doing it he said, "You're done with the bread, right?"  I was so surprised by his question and his taking that I just shook my head in agreement.  Maybe he thought I had eaten the main course and would soon have dessert.  Maybe I should have jammed a fork into his hand if I had one.  He'd already taken that.  There were several small bones in the main part of the fish.  I could just imagine being a judge on Chopped and having my say about that.  Very surprising.Last, I wish they'd shut the door to the outside.  It was Saturday night and not too far from the entrance are some table games at the Cosmopolitan.  There's also a lot of foot traffic out there of 20 somethings who'd spent part of the day at the pool--not just swimming and ogling the ladies--but also indulging in the spirits of their choice.  They were loud and it carried into the restaurant.  Close the door.I am a fan of Milos.  I will return, and I think I'll do so for their lunch special.   it should be quieter, too!
5	The fishiest restaurant in the Cosmopolitan is also one of the best -- and it hides one of the Strip's best-kept secrets.  I'm talking about the prix-fixe three-course lunch for $20.12 at Estiatorio Milos.  Bargain-hunters, rejoice!  (Also -- big thanks to Jewelyn T., who tipped me off about this place!)I had the opportunity to visit Milos after a few hours of sweating it at the Boulevard pool, when I decided that it was time for something light and fresh.  I sauntered over to Milos, which was almost completely empty on a Sunday at lunchtime.  The vibe is bright and airy, in contrast to the darker and more intimate restaurants in the Cosmo.  The scent of fresh fish permeates the place, which really helps set the Mediterranean mood.I was flying solo for this meal, so I took a seat at the bar -- which I had all to myself.Ordering the prix-fixe lunch was a no-brainer.  Here's a run-down of what I had...**COURSE 1**Tomato salad with cucumbers, onions, capers, and feta.  Did I mention that I was looking for something fresh?  Well, folks -- this is freshness distilled.  Every component of this salad was perfect, and made me feel like I was on sitting on a terrace in Mykonos.**COURSE 2**Grilled Mediterranean sea bass (lavraki).  This sea bass was cooked whole, ensuring that the result was succulent and tender.  Lemon and capers provided just the right amount of acid and salt.  Simple and delicious.**COURSE 3**Greek yogurt martini with raspberry sauce.  Another wonderful refresher.  Unlike a boring ol' ice cream sundae, the Greek yogurt provided an excellent tang that contrasted with the sweetness of the raspberry.  The consistency of the yogurt was outstanding.Throughout lunch, I was taken care of by Buck, who was probably the friendliest and most attentive server/bartender that I'd encountered all weekend.  He always kept my water glass perfectly full and was kind enough suggest his personal favorites on the menu.All in all -- a flawless lunch at Milos!  I can't wait to try again.  Hopefully I'll be back soon -- I wouldn't want to wait 'til it costs $20.13!
4	We had a reservation for 8, and was seated outside patio without AC, it was a bit uncomfortable.  Service was impeccable!!!Milos serves family style dinner, each portions are big enough to share. We started with the Milos special -- slices of Zucchini and eggplant fried crispy with a cream sauce.  It was delicious to snack on.  Grilled Octopus - very goodsquid stuffed with cheese - very goodcrab cake - very very goodgrilled calamari - very goodTomato salad, garden salad, and Milos romaine -- all three were sour but goodtwo dozens of kumamoto oysters -- fresh and small, just how we like itMediterranean spreads with fresh baked pita bread - couldn't have enoughBone in Ribeye - just perfect to the taste, but we're all full by nowgrilled fish - half of us didn't even tryMust try!!
5	We were having a super busy week - but made time to plan for one great meal during Restaurant Week.  I was feeling like I wanted to try something I had never tried before - and not being a big red meat eater - the $50.12 dinner menu offered by Estiatorio Milos seemed just the ticket.  They also offered a Sommelier pairing of wines from mainland and northern Greece for $20.00 which we went for.  What a deal!Course 1:  Carpaccio of Mediterranean Caught Fish with fresh herbs, citrus, afrala sea salt and extra virgin olive oil from the island of Crete.  A beautiful little starter.  The fish sliced paper thin and dusted with Sea Salt and EVOO. The fresh herbs lent a distinctly lemony flavor to the dish, which was really nice.  The salt makes it though.I really enjoyed the fact that our servers were willing to take the time and explain the dishes to us - a little background on the chef and sommelier here - where the ingredients come from, their personal opinions of the dishes.  Super fun!Course 2:  Charcoal Grilled Mediterranean Octopus with roasted sweet peppers and assorted grilled mushrooms.  I'm not a big octopus eater, I've been underwhelmed by its texture in sushi restaurants - but after reading the Yelp reviews of this dish, I knew I had to give it a try once more.  Our server admitted this was his favorite dish on the menu - I couldn't wait.  I have to say, this dish lives up to its reputation.  The octopus was crispy-charred on the outside and so tender on the inside.  Again, sea salt made an appearance, really bringing the charcoal flavors to new heights.  The mushrooms wittily echoed the texture of the octopus, which I loved.  Praise the Goddesses, I could have just been served this dish all night and I would have been happy.Course 3:  Grilled Mediterranean Sea Bass from the protected waters of the Greek Island, Kefalonia and horta vrasta and ladolemono. The Bass (aka Branzino) was served head and tail on de-boned for the most part except for the collar.  Another wonderful dish with clean Mediterranean flavors - a nice balance of EVOO and lemon in the ladolemono.  The horta vrasta (Boiled Leafy Greens) were reminiscent of spinach - something that I can't take too much of at one time for some reason. Course 4:  Greek walnut cake with Kaimaki ice cream.  OK - the walnut cake was really nice. I think the waiter and the sommelier were enjoying the fact that we were intrigued with the traditions that surrounded the ingredients and the dishes we had been served...and so, Skinos. Our waiter joked with us that it was going to be something out of the ordinary and he was right.Skinos is a traditional liqueur made from the resin (or mastic) of the Mastiha tree that dates back to the ancient world.  It tastes, well, piney - in three stages. A single sip rang out with pine, then licorice, then sweet. Pine, then licorice, then sweet.  Totally intriguing and odd at the same time. The Kaimaki Ice Cream also has some derivation of mastic in it as well - so its flavors echoed the Skinos. Nice. Finished the Skinos and left happily sated and buzzed.  All in all a great meal, served by a totally friendly and wonderful staff.
1	This is the worst dining experience I have ever had from the service to the prices on the food.  The ambiance is nice as with most restaurants in the nicer hotels in Vegas but that's about the only positive thing I could say.  1.) This was one of those places where there are lots of waiters running around but nobody seemed to be paying attention to us from the moment we sat down.  2.)They call themselves a Greek restaurant but the only authentic dish we had was the tomato salad (which I actually really liked).  We ordered the baby broccoli but it was very bitter tasting, I couldn't even eat it!  Complained to one of the waiters but he kept making excuses for it and didn't even tell the head waiter.  A good restaurant with good service would notice that a dish was not eaten and would ask if there was a problem.  We asked the head waiter to take it off the bill and he reluctantly did but then made excuses for how it tasted again!  I don't care at that point, if it taste like crap, you should accommodate the customer.3.) When we sat down, the waiter asked if we wanted sparkling water and we said no, regular flat water is fine (assuming it would be tap water) but he never said "its bottled water, is that okay?"  So we get the bill and they charged us $24 for bottled water!  same thing with the broccoli, waiter made excuses for it but reluctantly took it off our bill.4.) We ordered the whole white fish which was market price but they never explained it the price was per pound!  the waiter proceeds to order us 4 pounds of fish!  I don't know anyone that eats a whole pound of fish by themselves.  We get our bill and the fish alone was $200 for 4 people!!!  You would have thought we were eating lobster and fillet Mignon. This place is a total rip off with over priced menu items.  I live in San Francisco where we have some of the worlds best dining and have eaten at some of the best restaurants in Napa.  Those are real restaurants with longevity and good service.  This place is a typical Las Vegas hustle relying on tourists who are never going to eat there again.  Do not dine at this restaurant!  Horrible!!
3	This place is a good lunch spot in the relatively new Cosmopolitan in the City Center. Pluses- really nice decor and ambiance, and nice view out onto LVB. Food was pretty solid. Detractors- service was really slow. Like 10 minutes to even get a menu, then another 15 minutes to put in our order- and they weren't super busy. We were there for 2.5 hours! Then again, we really didn't have anything better to do.The lunch for 20.12 is a great deal. They also had a wine pairing for 15, which is a good deal too. But watch out for the upsell on the appetizers- like 25 bucks or so for the calamari appetizer. They were pushing the upsell, and we didn't bite. Surprisingly, no one ordered alcohol, due to the standard vegas hangovers
5	I've only had their lunch special, so that's what I can review.Easily the best value anywhere near the strip in Vegas, anytime. A 3 course meal including some incredibly tasty selections for literally $20.12(clever). To start I've only had the scallops skewers, mostly because I typically hate scallops, however here they are absolutely ridiculous. Perfect texture and seasoning.As a main course I've tried both the salmon and chicken skewers. Both were pretty much perfect. The only small complaint is the broccoli served with the salmon was served whole which was annoying to manage, and it was under cooked by a bit.Dessert I've only went with the fruits because yogurt and walnut cake aren't appealing to me, however if they are anything like everything else Milo's has to offer, they're probably amazing.
5	I've seen the future, I can't afford it!   When I heard about the 20.12 special I knew I had to try it, and I had to try it soon since the deal would be over at the end of the year. It seems that they raise the prices every January one penny (the nerve!) to keep up with inflation. So if you want to take advantage of this deal, you have to get there....Now! Ok. Here's the deal. You get one appetizer one entree and dessert for a mere 20 dollars and 12 cents at a high end restaurant. Where else can you do that? But I have to warn you. If you're not careful you may find yourself  traveling too far into the future.For 1000 years more you can go for the grilled octopus but you won't regret it. It was        "octopussylicious!" and for another few more years, lets say 1500, you can enjoy a delicious Nova Scotian lobster pasta. I couldn't tell if it was really Nova Scotian but I didn't really care, I wasn't going to sleep with it anyways. The trick is (and very hard if I may add) is to stay in 2012 to enjoy the deal. I traveled too far into the future. By the time I realized it I was somewhere around 4512, I had to call Scotty to bean me up, but all I can say is that food in the future is very delicious, I enjoyed every bite of it.  The service? Couldn't be better, I just wish they wouldn't had enticed me to time travel so far into the future. nonetheless, I still think it was a great deal. I can't wait to go back..............in time!   # deal of the year#great food#great service#great ambiance                         ^ useful information.
2	OK I will say it ....MEH. Little tiny bland food way over priced, atmosphere OK but not stunning, slightly pretentious staff, and hey isn't this supposed to be Greek? I didn't pick up a whole lot of Greek in the cuisine? I heard no one saying OPA? I have had better at 1/4 the cost in Greek Town. Ya ya I get it, the chef is Greek his cuisine Dr. Oz Mediterranean diet chic. Thankfully I went here for a business dinner & didn't have to pay for the meal.
3	For an appetizer we had the stuffed squid which was very very good and the tomato salad which was down right awesome. For an entree we had the Scottish salmon and the lavraki. The salmon was very good, the lavraki was a rip off and I don't use that word lightly. The lavraki was full of bones and was about 8 ounces (not one pound which is what they said it was) and cost $54. It taste like any other white fish. Nothing special and defiantly not worth $54. The sides are extra. I had the kale and it was very good.My suggestion is to eat appetizers at the bar. The entrees are crazy expensive and not worth the cost. I agree with the reviewer below that said this place is a tourist trap and not a real Greek restaurant. The waiters are more like salesman. All in all I would go back again for the tomato salad and the olive oil which is the best I've had outside of Napa.
5	Brought my sister for her first trip to Vegas this weekend. I wanted to try a place I had never been and after finding out about Estiatorio Milos, I made reservations for dinner. Growing up in the Greek culture, it's hard to find those flavors you remember unless:a.) mom makes it b.) you go back to GreeceAs far as we were concerned, we could've been dining by the water at our old Paralia Katerinoskala beach enjoying some mezethes.....it was delicious.They didn't serve traditional retsina wine, which is kind of an acquired taste, and not very high end-which is probably why. However their sommelier helped us decide on a few glasses of Greek wines and brought over a couple to try before ordering. Our waiter helped tweak the menu a bit so we could order 4 different appetizers as our dinner. He wanted to course them, but in Greece you order a bunch and have them out all at once so you can take a bite here and there. He was able to do that for us. We got the milos special which is fried zucchini and eggplant served with tzatziki, the grilled octopus, horiatiki salad, and htipiti. Octopus is difficult to get right, and unfortunately, many restaurants get it wrong. It's difficult to cook yourself too so I don't make a habit of it. Milos did an amazing job. Tender and flavorful, not dry and overcooked. Awesome. The htipiti was a welcome memory as it's only served regionally in Greece and seems we could get it in the northern region but ask for it in Athens and they look at you funny. Service was spot on, of course. Everyone was friendly, polite, professional. Our waiter George checked on us often and brought us two glasses of mastiha at the end of the evening. Yamas!! A wonderful experience!!!!
4	wow, the tomato salad was so fresh and I've never had one so tasty.  also, the fish I had was excellently grilled. the donut dessert (loukomadis sp?) are the right amount of sweetness to a meal that felt and tasted simple and clean.  who knew simple original cooking methods and simple fresh ingredients could taste so good?!
4	The $20.12 lunch special here is amazing! It's a 3 course meal from a fixed menu. For a small additional price, you can upgrade the main course to a lobster spaghetti. it was amazing! i will definitely be back next time im in vegas =)
5	I went here for lunch.  $21 three course meal.  This a super deal.The Greek salad was the best I've had outside of Greece.  I've been trying to duplicate it since I got home.  The bass was delicious, and the yogurt was the best I've ever had anywhere.  Cannot beat this place for lunch.
2	This place is extremely overpriced and overrated.  My companion and I ordered a whole fish to share (the salted, baked fish).  At $57/lb, I thought it would be pretty special.  Alas, we got back was nothing beyond standard, doused in lemon butter with capers, like you'd get most anywhere.  The fish itself (a red snapper) did not offend but was wholly unremarkable.  I've had better elsewhere for a fraction of the price.  The menu is a la carte, so don't expect any sides with that either.  We got some fried potatoes to that end, which turned out of be a small amount of thick-cut fries, for $12.  Even though I expected a pretty big bill, I didn't expect such mediocre food and small portions.  The ambiance was a melange of upscale and trendy.  No doubt, many patrons were trying to impress one another, which is inconsequential to me, except as entertainment (perhaps, for this, I give a star?).  (Collagen to the left of them, silicon to the right of them!  Volley and thunder!)  The service was brusque, and often inattentive.  The guy who refilled the water and the bread was far better than our actual waiters (yes, there were two).In summary, even though I expected a rather big bill, I couldn't help leave feeling I'd been suckered, not to mention a bit hungry, at paying more than top dollar for average, insufficient food. I don't mind paying good money for an awesome experience, but this was not it, and I couldn't help but compare to much better meals I've had, with better service, for less.  Do not go here unless you have the appetite of a model and the, uh, patron to pay for you.
5	Fine wine, Perfect Food = Nice diner!
5	Husband and I ate here on our honeymoon.The food is amazing.. it is truly a journey. The fish is superb! If given the choice between beef and fish.. go for the fish. The sashimi tasting plate is delicious! The greek salad will leave you craving it for a week.The staff is insanely good. You will never have an empty glass, dirty plate, or crumbs on your table.Be prepared for a more than costly bill. It is by far the most I have ever spent on food in my life. Worth going if you can afford it.
3	We had dinner here this past Saturday.  The food was outstanding.  If you're into Greek food and especially seafood, you will not be disappointed.  We have been to Greece twice, so we have a pretty good sense for what the real thing should taste like, and this place amazing in terms of the food.  The grilled octopus appetizer was to die for.  However, the service was painfully slow, hence only the 3 stars.  Our waiter's excuse that he was dealing with a larger party was pretty lame, considering the $240 bill for two (no dessert, and only 2 glasses of wine).  It took 2 hours to get our food. We were so tired of sitting and waiting that we skipped the dessert.  Beware of the market price of the daily fish.  Ours was $98, for two, which they don't tell you up front, so you might want to ask in advance.  Also, the wine pours were a bit skimpy for the $16 per glass price.
4	Wonderful place, the $20.12 lunch deal was fantastic. Great service and the food was very tasty. We will be going back again.
5	one of the best meals i have ever had (and i have traveled the world and esaten in the finest places) simply and well prespared seafood, vegetables, everythig was well donethere was nothing that wasn't great, except for dessert, which was wonderful and rich, but not spectacular hard to find a better meal fresh, not over dressed or over prepared, just awesome
5	I think people have to think reallyreally hard to find something to complain about here.
5	This as the first time I'd used Yelp. Great recommendation of restaurants, and this place was fantastic. The food was wonderful, and if you are gluten free like me, you have a place to go. The service was very attentive, the atmosphere great and the prices were very reasonable.
5	Lavraki - salt covered and baked sea bass.  Tableside extraction through the salt, and super delicate light flavor.  My fork could barely hold on to the fish.  Amazing.Milos special - super flavorful fried yet light appetizer.  great textures and flavorsOctopus - zesty, tasty, delicious.  Best octopus in town.Romaine salad - how did something so simple get so much better with fresh feta?  Light and delicious.The waiter was kind enough to show us around their "fish market" displaying the fish - a nice touch to the environment.Considering I'm a fatty who likes his ribs, gumbos, stews, porks, fried chicken, and other decadent flavors, this was an amazingly well served fresh light meal.
4	There is a saying "simple is hard" in the food world. What that means is to try to keep the food as fresh as possible, you know from garden to table. And don't over think or complicate thing.Milos is just that. Fresh and simply prepared with Fresh, super fresh ingredients.LUNCH. They have a pre fix 3 course lunch menu for $20 bucks. There are choices for you so your not forced to eat what they want you to.I had Grilled Octopus, Greek salad and grilled sea bass from the Mediterranean on one occasion.The Octopus is a $10.00 supplement but worth it, and it went perfect with the salad.The next time I went I had the Lobster spaghetti a $15 supplement but again totally worth it. The octopus was melt in your mouth tender and dressed with Greek olive oil and a hint of oregano and capers. The Greek salad was garden fresh tomatoes, feta cheese, red onion, kalamata olive and dressed in good Greek olive oil and oregano.The lobster pasta has a whole Maine lobster in it believe it or not. With a light marinara, and lobster stock and big hunks and chunks of fresh lobster. The sea bass grilled with very little of anything was wright out of the water fresh, light and delicious. and for dessert a air light walnut cake. I sat out side which was fresh air refreshing sunny and warm. A great 2 lunches.
5	Of course a great restaurant to enjoy all kinds of sea food dishes.  The presentation they have for the available fish is awesome and helpful in choosing your selection.  However, the grilled salmon dinner dish is to die for.  Perfectly crispy layer covering a butter like interior which literarily melts in your mouth.  Possibly best salmon dish I've ever had.
5	Website of their menu and prices:   http://bit.ly/WnwtjJFriend and I had lunch here on Sat/17 Nov and really enjoyed it.  We each had the $20.12 lunch menu which included 3 courses.  We also ordered one glass of wine ($7.50) and still water ($8 for a bottle of Evian Pure 750 ml, about 25 ounces) to share.  To save money I should have just asked for tap water.Five stars because:- $20.12 for 3 courses including choice of seafood appetizers and entrees is a bargain in such a nice restaurant inside The Cosmopolitan, no less.  This deal is available 7 days a week from 12 pm - 2:30 pm, I need to come back more often.- Food was excellent.  She chose the scallop appetizer, salmon entree and Walnut Pie dessert.  I had the Greek Meze Plate appetizer, shrimp entree and yogurt dessert.  The complimentary bread with olive oil was also tasty (though my friend thought the crust was too hard, but in Europe lots of bread crusts are hard).  Warning: At fancy, schmancy restaurants such as this place the portion sizes are kinda small.  If really hungry, just ask for more of the complimentary bread.- Service was great.  One attendant even scrapped the bread crumbs off our table.- Their terrace dining area is wonderful and they have those heater-pillar-things to keep diners warm if the weather's chilly.
4	Great fish!
5	The food and service was spectacular. Loved their zucchini stack for starters which was amazingly presented. Sharing a steak and whole fish (surf & turf) for the table with sides is a great idea and see how they prepare both meats perfectly. Honestly, even the Greek salad was incredibly flavorsome.
4	visited for lunch- the menu was set at $20.12 very good price for quality and quantity of food. The beverage situation is another story... I ordered a diet coke, and after I was done with my glass- I was asked if I wanted to order another- I did, and it went on and on... when the bill arrived I saw that each refill was charged as a separate beverage. I have not had this happen to me in a long time. I think it is wrong to charge someone for refills. I paid more for soda than food. Rediculous.
5	You cannot beat the $20.12 lunch special. The food here is top-notch, featuring fresh ingredients and great Greek flavors. The service and atmosphere are also excellent. The servers are professional and welcoming, which often does not happen in restaurants with prix fixe menus. The venue itself is inviting, with large picture windows and warm colors. The acoustics are good and there is not an overwhelming noise level, even when the restaurant is full. I've had several different items as part of the lunch special and have not gone wrong with any of them. The dessert choices are a bit lackluster and I wish they'd change them up a little bit, but that does not detract from the amazing overall experience at Milos.
5	BEST LUNCH DEAL IN VEGAS.  Hands down!  For $20.12 at a beautifully decorated Greek restaurant in the Cosmopolitan, you get your choice of appetizer, an entree, and a dessert.  The food is delicious but not too heavy... I left satiated and not feeling like I would explode (like I do at a lot of restaurants here... not that I'm complaining!)My friend and I showed up around noon without reservations and were seated promptly on the terrace.  It was so beautifully decorated, you almost felt like you were in a little taverna in Greece and not on the The Strip.  The service was very attentive yet not intrusive.  For the appetizer, I had the Greek Meze Plate which had a selection of tzatziki, some sort of hummus-type spread, and a red-pepper spread with pita triangles, olives, and cheese.  Absolutely perfect in every way.  My friend had the tomato and feta salad which she enjoyed as well.  We both had the shrimp dish which was served with tomato sauce and feta with cous cous.  Loved this as well.  For dessert my friend had the fresh fruit plate (which honestly looked a little disappointing but that's just me) and I had the yogurt martini which was the smoothest greek yogurt I've ever had with a berry sauce on top.  Perfect end to the meal.Honestly, this was one of the best meals I had on the Las Vegas strip and one of the most delicious.  I will DEFINITELY come back to eat here again... in fact I'm thinking about going there again for lunch tomorrow!  Yes, it was that awesome!
5	What to do in Vegas during the day? Savor a long, leisurely lunch at Milos! You won't believe how terrific the choices are on their $20 prix-fixe menu. IN fact, I highly recommend upgrading your first course and ordering the octopus - it is truly stellar. The fish entree, which was Mediterranean bass when I dined here, is perfectly grilled with olive oil, salt, and pepper. It is perfection (and even de-boned for you). Portions are generous but not overwhelming - you will have just enough room for dessert. The service is excellent and no one will rush you out. Enjoy!
4	I like this place. Nice staff and great food but just seemed ok. Loved the octopus and salt packed fish. Greek coffee was phenomenal but felt cold. No warmth I normally get from eating Greek food
5	Went back recently, again for their lunch prix fix deal. Hmm, octopus, i am ignorant on culinary adentures with a greek octopus. So I decided to try the Octopus upgrade, and  now I dream about this dish.  Never would I have imaged that it was octopus.  No existance of chewiness, every bite was perfectly seasoned and declicious, lemony heaven, and best of all it was a good size portion.
5	Is this place even open for dinner? You'd never know it from all the well-deserved praise for its prix fixe lunch combination.I started with the "Maryland crab cake." It was delicious but had no business being called a Maryland crab cake. Having lived in the DMV for 10 years I'm very particular about my crab cakes, and I've yet to find one in Vegas worthy of the "Maryland" descriptor. The mustard emulsion with which it was served, however, made a great complement.My main was the grilled salmon, which was as fresh and simple and flavorful a fish dish as I've ever had. Salmon certainly isn't the most adventurous thing to ever come out of the ocean, but man. I don't know if they sprinkle little tiny bits of monosodium glutamate and crack rocks on the fish to make it so good, but whatever they did is working.I kept it simple for dessert and went with the fresh fruit. You can't go wrong with fresh anything when a restaurant takes freshness as seriously as Milos does.
5	Best part about this meal was that it was covered by the hotel complimentary money they gave with the hotel and flight package. Second best thing is that I would have paid for it even if I didn't have the hotel credit because it was only $20.12 a person for a three course lunch! Appetizer:Sashimi grade Octopus was amazing... it costs an extra $10 to choose that as your appetizer but it was so worth the $10 (that was also covered by the hotel credit). It was just chewy enough with a crisp bite, and it was just lightly flavored with some lemon, capers, and other stuff. The scallop skewer was also amazing. Cooked to perfection... it literally just melted in my mouth!Main Course:Lavraki - grilled bass was impossibly good.  It was prepared and served whole, and mostly de-boned.  The flavoring was just on the dot, but most importantly the fish was extremely fresh.  I wonder how a restaurant in the middle of a desert can get such fresh fish but they're doing an amazing job conjuring fresh seafood from nowhere. :)Dessert:Walnut Cake was great.  It had a very unique spice to it but I can't pinpoint what it was.  It was served with a dollop of amazing ice cream :). Wonderful sweet endings to a perfect meal :). Service: Very friendly, and they take reservations.  I recommend putting in reservations because they can get busy (not surprised because of the decent pricing for very good food!)
5	3rd floor at The Cosmopolitan...a treasure trove. Home to great restaurants (Milos, Jaleo, e by Jose Andres, and SECRET PIZZA) and a hot nightclub/dayclub (Marquee) with plenty of attractive drunk women nearby waiting to make a mistake (ie. you). Buffets are (in my opinion) a little overrated nowadays (with the exception of Wicked Spoon). Milos offers up a great alternative that'll leave you satisfied and with a few bucks to spare.Lunch special (3 courses): - Price is equal to whatever year it is at the time: $20.12- Charred Octopus ($10 supplement): Get this. Cooked to perfection. Had a nice salinity coming from the capers.- Salmon: Cooked perfectly, light and buttery. Served with long stem broccoli dressed with lemon, oil and salt.- Walnut Cake: Interesting dessert. Light and moist, perfectly textured, but you get huge undertones of ginger. Might have enjoyed more if they just called it ginger cake.Overall, great meal that didn't leave me feeling gross. Can't help but think that this might be the best deal in Vegas.
5	Probably one of the best deals you can find on the strip for the quality. I'm just echoing all the previous rave reviews of the prix fixe lunch of course, but I'd love to return for dinner some time. Fresh ingredients, excellently prepared, light and really great service in a classy atmosphere. Can't give this place enough kudos. I especially liked the scallops and couscous and my main course of grilled prawns.
5	I expected Milo's to be good, just not as excellent as it was! The evening started with our waiter taking us over to look at the fresh fish..... Wow, what a selection. We started off with crab legs, and Milo's eggplant special appetizer. We then went on to the house special, Mediterranean Sea Bass salt-encrusted and baked. Our waiter served the whole fish table-side. It was incredible! The sides were also wonderful. I highly recommend Milo's!
5	Go in with a game plan and stick to it. Yes, the $20.12, 3-course lunch is a steal, but with the supplemental charges for some dishes and alcohol the cost can skyrocket. We had every intention of not spending much, but after ordering oysters and wine pairings with our lunch our $40 steal became $140. But, that's our fault for enjoying this place so much.The meze plate app and the scallop skewer app were both simple and fabulous. Pita this good (on the meze dish) is hard to come by. As good as the tamara, tzatziki, and htipiti were, I was left craving more of the pita's pillowy goodness.Entrees were amazing. The chicken breast skewer was delicious and the lavraki was as good a piece of fish as I've had in town. For desserts, we got the fresh fruit plate and the walnut cake. The cake shouldn't be missed -- so moist and full of flavors you won't find anywhere else.The kumamoto oysters were great, but they're also the priciest we've encountered.The only negative was the fruit flies buzzing around. No matter, I'd still come back in a heart beat, but I'll come prepared to drop some serious coin for the experience because it will be worth it.4.5 Stars
2	We ate dinner here with a group of 5. The main service was terrible. The bus staff were actually great. We constantly had to ask them to send our server over and it would most often take them a while.I don't mind paying for a great restaurant experience but this was a classic over priced Vegas experience. The food was bland at best. I love greek food and have spend many months in Greece and let me say almost always the food in Greece was far better than this restaurant. I guess I give this place 2 stars because the atmosphere was good.There are many better restaurants... right in the Cosmo, which is an awesome hotel for dining.
4	I was never a fan of Greek food.  We randomly picked this restaurant for the convenience since they could sit us right away on a Saturday night. To our surprise, this place had the best seafood fresh from the Mediterranean.  The most impressive bright red Carabinero Shrimp from Spain is a rare find and we were very fortunate to have an opportunity to try it. The intense overwhelming taste especially the shrimp head was so addictive.  The Branzino was fresh and cooked to perfection. And don't leave without trying their chocolate cake.
4	I loved my experience at Milos.  I would highly recommend coming for lunch and sampling their 3 course lunch menu for $20.12I order the octopus salad ($10 supplement) which was well worth it!The Lavriki (sea bass) had a full filet and was simple yet flavorfulWalnut Cake for dessert (the yogurt martini was better)Definitely make reservations for lunch if you're in Vegas!
2	We didn't have a great experience. Major pluses: the seafood is fresh. Sashimi while expensive ($45) was out of this world - and would have been the highlight except one fish cut had tough chewy membrane left on the bottom and kind of ruined it. Service was amiable enough. BUT: THIS PLACE IS SALTY SALTY SALTY. The sashimi even had salt bits. Tomato salad was fresh but too salty. Grilled octopus was nicely done but also still a bit salty. We asked the waiter to tell the kitchen not to salt our food and he was nice about it but basically said, yes we put sea salt on everything. Unfortunately despite our request, the next dish (mayan shrimp) was practically inedible; it was ruined by all the salt. For one drink, one appetizer, and one main dish each, the tab was $182 with tax not tip. For that price, I expected an outstanding meal, not one I had to make a lot of excuses for. In this case, I had to keep saying, well they just oversalted it but the ingredients would have been good. That's not what I expect for this supposed high level of restaurant.
5	Excellent service, selection, and quality of food.  Highly recommend.
4	Very accommodating staff. We had a party of 8.  Originally, they said no waiter service in the lounge, but after we ordered drinks and a few appetizers, and moved to the big table, they let us order dinner.  Tomato salad, spread sampler, tuna tartare, and mushroom appetizers were all very good. Ribeye, white fish (fagri), and grilled veggies were all very good.
3	I had high expectations of this place since my co-workers raved about it so much. I finally had the chance to check this place out. Some highs, some lows.The restaurant itself is absolutely adorable. It's bright and inviting. The view outside the windows is awesome. I would think this place would be quite romantic at nighttime, with all the lights of the Strip beaming in. A buddy of mine was in town and wanted to go to the Cosmo for lunch. The three-course lunch menu for $20.12 won us over. Our server was a sweetheart and explained the menu thoroughly since it was our first time there. Needless to say, we were excited - grumbling tummies and all. My first course was the lox and bagel. Dainty, yet satisfying. Nothing too exciting here,  though. My buddy and boyfriend both ordered the scallop skewers. These were really good - fresh, plump and juicy. I ordered the jumbo shrimp with couscous for my main course. This was very good. I loved the seasoning on the shrimp and the couscous was cooked to perfection. I wanted to lick my plate when I was done for some more. My boyfriend ordered the sea bass which was delicious as well. The sea bass was presented as a whole filet in which he was advised to eat from the tail up. My buddy ordered the salmon with a side of broccoli. I didn't get to taste this, but it looked alright. I was really disappointed in the desserts. My buddy and I ordered the walnut cake. The cake itself was really heavy and tasted like over-sweetened, heavy baklava. Don't get me wrong, I love baklava. But this cake was too much. On top of that, the cake had a spoonful of a ginger-type ice cream. This was terrible. I thought it tasted like fancy cardboard. My boyfriend got the fruit plate. Don't have much to say here because it was simply just a plateful of seasonal fruit. I saw that the people around us had some type of yogurt parfait. That looked tasty. I really wished I had gotten that instead of the walnut cake. Perhaps my expectations were too high for this place. But I'm willing to go back one of these days for dinner and try it again.
4	We heard about the 3 course for $20.12 and decided to give it a go, and I'm glad we did! It seems like Cosmo's restaurants are really amping up the deals (we love CommeCa for lunch too). The ambience of the place is airy and sophisticated, which I really like. It's a huge restaurant with a lot of seating-- in fact, it felt sparse even though there were a good number of people at the restaurant.We had the scallop skewer and the grilled octopus (+$10) for our appetizers. I liked both but wish my raw red onions were grilled too. I liked the lavraki a lot, and didn't even mind the tiny fish bones on the side (that the server kindly noted), and the lamp chops (+$10) only had a slight gamy taste. My dessert was a yogurt martini that was super rich, but I've never been a fan of desserts.Surprisingly, we loved the bread. It's nicely charred and comes with the most amazing citrusy olive oil. We requested seconds and thirds. We'll definitely come back and try other items on the menu.
3	Really good but nothing mind blowing. No signature dish that I thought would make this memorable.  The taste is clean and fresh. It's Greek, mostly seafood. We ordered from the tasting menu (4 courses). Between me and my fiance, we ordered the crab cake (way more crab than cake, which is good), charred octopus (excellent), tomato salad, fish, and then dessert.If you're only dining at the Cosmo, once or twice, I'd say go to Scarpetta or STK. But if you have the opportunity to go to more than one place, it's a nice place with a clean, fresh taste.  Nothing rich, which can be a good thing.
5	The Best Restaurant Next to Kokkarri in San Francisco for Authentic Greek. The tomato salad, grilled Octupus and everything else I had here was incredible. The fish was some of the most delcate I've had. It's at the bottom of the Cosmopolitan Hotel. You wont be sorry. A bit pricey so make this your main meal of the day or vacation and splurge. You wont' regret it.
5	The secret to eating well - really well - on a budget, even at celebrity-chef restaurants, is to eat earlier.At the white-tablecloth Greek restaurant Estiatorio Milos, you can lunch on meze, grilled bass flown DAILY from the Mediterranean, and a yogurt martini dessert for $20.13 (price just went up, last year it was $20.12)plus wine pairing at $15 per person.
5	Yet another beautiful Vegas restaurant.  Definitely do the $20.13 lunch.  Since the hubby and I both wanted the fish, they agreed to serve it whole for us to share.  Incredible meal!  Dinner is equally delicious, but a little more painful to the pocketbook. The cocktails are $16 (ouch!) but yummy.
4	Came here with a group of friends and was overall surprised with my meal. Service is what you would expect, good. You must order the grilled octopus! It was simple but delicious. The filet and rib eye were a force to be reckoned with. Almost as good as CUT. The whole fish baked in rock salt was suppose to be the star of the night but I thought it was just OK. Bread service kinda sucked lol
5	Finally...Earl and I got to try the three course lunch here at Milos.  Gosh, I have bookmarked this restaurant since the first review was posted on Yelp.  Since Earl and I will be volunteering to welcome our awesome veterans at The Cosmopolitan, it was just the perfect time to grab lunch prior.I called to make a reservation yesterday and got it no problem.  When we arrived at the restaurant, we were greeted by three friendly hostesses.  One of the hostess walked us to the table that oversee the strip's view.  The server that helped us was very knowledgeable and professional.  Service was impeccable.  Our glasses were never half empty...NEVER!  Once we are done with our plates, they were immediately taken away.  They served us grilled bread with a fragrant extra virgin olive oil.  I love bread so I attacked it, and crumbs were all on my side of the table.  Server joked that Earl must be eating the bread and dropped the crumbs on my side since his side was so clean...But anyways, he made sure that those crumbs are off the table.Earl and I ordered the following:-appetizer: fresh diver scallop on a skewer, and grilled octopus - fresh diver scallops (2) were cooked to perfection.  They were sweet and plump.  Grilled octopus, which cost $10 more, was Ah-Mazing!  So delicious that Earl asked if he can just have it again as an entree.  Wowee, it was done right!  Juicy, tender, and full of flavor.  It was so perfect with the capers and red onion.  Worth the extra $10.-entree: Lavraki (Mediterranean bass) and Lamb Chops -the bass was sweet and simple.  It really showcase the fish.  The lamp chops cost $10 more but again, very worth it.  I am not a fan of lamb chops, but am a fan of Milos' lamb chops.  They were juicy and tender (we ordered medium-rare).  This was served with french fries and collard greens.  Even the french fries were cooked to perfection, and I am not a french fries eater.-dessert:  we both got the walnut cake with the kaimaki icecream.  It was nice and moist and the icecream was refreshing.  We can't tell what the distinct flavor suppose to be for the kaimaki icecream.  I will google later.  Anyways, I wish I had ordered the yogurt, just to taste and see if I like it.Earl also ordered Dogfish IPA for the app and entree, and an expresso for dessert.  Our total bill including tip was just shy of $100.  If you stick to just the basics for the three course lunch, it is $20.13.  When Earl's brother is in town, Milos is where we will be for lunch.
5	A wonderful dinner experience!   We started with the Grilled octopus which was so tender and tasty.  Tomato salad was so fresh and light and delicious.  The fish was amazing,  chosen for us by our waiter and was grilled with lemon and olive oil.  The lamb chops were out of this world and prepared to perfection.  After all of that, the 2 of use managed to split a dessert that was also really good.  Ou waiter, George, was excellent.  He helped us with our decisions and had awesome timing.  Everything flowed nicely.  I definitely want to revisit when I return to Vegas.
4	Get the Milo's Special appetizer.  It was the single best item we ate while in Vegas.  Overall this restaurant was a great experience.  It was nice being able to select your own fish and the preparation was very subtle and allowed the fish to be the star.  If we did not have a place back home that has served similar food I would have likely made it 5 star.  A great place to check out especially if you are staying at the Cosmo.
4	great food and service. wait staff knew the menu well and very attentive
4	The proportions may be small and the price may be high, but it is definitely a waste of your money. I may not have walked out there "full" but I was completely satisfied. I tried the tuna tartare and it was DELICIOUS. The flavoring was light, and subtle, but enough to season the tuna to perfection. I highly recommend this restaurant, but if you're on a budget, you should definitely opt for lunch.
4	Invited by my sister and fiance to try the $20.13 tasting menu for lunch. Ambiance and decor were nice with a decent view of the strip. Our server was very good, overall service from wait staff was great. As a starter you receive a char grilled crusty bread and extra virgin olive oil to dip. It was decent but I felt the charred parts of the bread overwhelmed the fruity flavor of the EVOO. Toasted crusty bread with EVOO tho, very good.Our appetizers were the calamari, meze plate, tomato salad & grilled octopus. The tomato salad was mine, it had a good flavor. Chunks of tomato, a kalamata olive, capers, cucumber & red onions slices tossed in a vinagrette with a triangle of feta cheese on the side to crumble into the salad. I had a piece of calamari, it was nice, crisp and not overly chewy.For the entree I had the lavraki(mediterranean sea bass). It looks like it was cooked with lemon & capers. It was tender, flaky and had a very mild and light flavor, very nice. The broccoli it came with however was fairly soft and mushy, too overdone. I had a piece of my sister's honjake salmon. It was cooked perfectly, slightly crisp on the outside, very tender and juicy on the inside.Dessert was the walnut pie with kaimaki ice cream. The pie's square shape and texture appearance resembles that of a piece of cornbread with a quenelle of ice cream on top of it. If you turned baklava into a cake, it would be this walnut pie. The ice cream had a hint of slightly bitter, earthy herbiness I couldn't describe. I had to ask our server and she said the flavor is due to it being made with pine resin. By itself the herbiness is a tad strong but with the walnut pie it compliments the sweetness. Not that I wouldn't mind sweet on sweet either but it was decent.This definitely isn't a cheap place ordering ala carte. But you do get a great value for the tasting menu, even if you do get some extras.I was in between giving it 3 or 4 stars, no half star options here but the good service we received will get it a solid 4 stars.
5	One of the best meals I ever had. Truly an experience. Bring an empty stomach!
5	-------LUNCH ONLY--------I'm NOT a fan of Greek food at all but this restaurant may have completely changed my mind. This gem is located inside the Cosmo hotel right near the escalator but can be easy to miss. In fact, I only came here on a total whim but it turned out to the best decision ever. Their 3-course lunch meal for $20 is pretty difficult to beat. It was the perfect way to end one of the most tiring business trips I've ever taken. Service is really great, the setting is really nice (good for business or casual). If it's not too hot, be sure to sit outside because it really just makes the meal that much better. I went with my co-workers and we shared a bunch of dishes and everything tasted great but here are a few of my favorites:Grilled Octopus - Had just the right amount of chewy texture. Really great flavor. Definitely a table favoriteLobster Pasta - Most pasta dishes are the same but what I REALLY appreciated about this dish was that they were GENEROUS with their lobster portions. For a $20 lunch meal, you'd figure there'd be tons of pasta and only a little bit of lobster. No sir, they definitely piled on the lobster.Roasted Beets - Our group just really likes beets and this side dish was just executed really well.Greek coffee - SUPER SUPER sweet but that's right up my alley so I fell in love with this. My co-workers? Not so much hahaDefinitely a surprise hit for me considering I never like Greek food. But this restaurant has turned me into a believer.
3	A disappointing experience that I had very high hopes for. I love Mediterranean food and the location and dining room are great and well appointed. Unfortunately the service was incredibly lacking and the food from the 3 course lunch meal was lackluster. We had to wait 20 minutes to be brought even a glass of water and every server was too busy to check in with us for the entirety of the meal. The food was mediocre although my husband had a latte with dessert that he highly recommends.  I would consider giving this restaurant another try but with so many amazing dining options in Vegas it would be quite some time before I head back here.
4	The lunch special for $20.13 cannot be beat. It is ridiculous that they can offer this deal for almost nothing. This deal draws in a crowd. With all the convention people swarming in, it is still easy to walk in and get a table.My group of four came in around noon and got sat quickly. We stuck to the special and a few of us got the supplementary upgrades. The food was stellar.Course 1:Scallop skewers are cooked to perfection.Tomato salad was refreshing and light.The grilled octopus was the best. It was tender and seasoned to perfection. ($10)Didn't try the lox and bagel. My friend finished it, so it could not have been bad.Course 2:Shrimp skewers were cooked well, but lacked seasoning. The technique was definitely there.Lobster pasta was plagued by the same issues. It was almost like they were going for a fra diavolo and decided to scale back.Lamb chops were not gamey and even those of us who was afraid of this protein loved it. ($15+)Seabass is what they are known for. The simple prep allows the guest to experience the depth of this dish.Course 3:The walnut cake highlighted the spice more than the nut. It was okay, but on the dry side.Yogurt with fruit puree mimicked a fruit and cheese pairing. Very unique.Seasonal fruit plate kept it simple and classy. The blood orange came as a surprise for some reason. It is rare to see a place actually serve fruit that is truly in season.The only down side was the splitting of the check. Even though nobody likes doing it, you never let your guest see your displeasure.
5	This is the best "bang for your buck" lunch in Vegas!Estiatorio Milos is an excellent Mediterranean restaurant inside Cosmo. They have a 3 course lunch prix fixe for only $20!! Yes...that's right...$20!! Unbeatable at this quality of food and preparation, especially centrally located on the strip!Now some of the options are a few dollars more to substitute, like the charbroiled octopus and lobster pasta, but both were unbelievably awesome and still a steal at this price point!We all really liked the charred octopus...It is the best I've had truthfully!  There was so much flavor marinated into the meat, and the consistency was so tender, that it was like eating chicken. The scallops were cooked perfectly, but they were shadowed by the octopus!The lobster pasta was amazing. There were huge chunks of lobster hiding inside the pasta, and the presentation spoke for itself!   Some of the best pasta I've had, cooked and flavorful.  Also tried the sea bass, which was filleted and butterflied for a very nice presentation as well. Super fresh seafood at crazy cheap prices!The desserts were also good...the walnut pie reminded me of a carrot cake, and the yogurt martini was more thick and rich like creme cheese! I ate it all up!We will definitely be back again!
5	Omg! This is truly as good as it gets!!!We were tired after a long day of traveling on essentially flying buses (you know what I mean) crammed with passengers and full of many delays. When we finally got to Vegas, we were ready for a delicious meal.We decided to sit on the outdoor patio with the heat lamps. It was awesome!! Excellent ambient temperature and relaxing atmosphere! The waitstaff team was exceptional. I believe Moses was our main server. He was attentive, accommodating, and recommended the best items. Ok, so onto the food. I really wish I could have sampled every single dish on the menu! Here's a list of what we had:-Warm Bread and Imported Style Olive Oil: wow! Crunchy, crispy, and freshly baked bread served with light, earthy imported olive oil!!!-Mushroom appetizer: simple, but oohh so flavorful, delicious, light, and delectable! The oyster mushrooms were seriously to die for.-Garden salad: excellent dressing!! Light, fruity, and delicious! -Calamari: fried to perfection!-Fried Potatoes: the herb seasoning and thick cut wedges were outstanding. -Salmon: Wow, when they say fresh, fluffy, and buttery, they really mean it! Succulent, juicy fish with some crisp asparagus underneath. -Flourless Chocolate Cake: EXTREMELY Rich, but absolutely delectable!!!!! I'm not a huge fan of sweets, but this cake is worth it. Overall, a stelar experience!!! A must stop in Vegas!
4	Milos (estiatorio means restaurant in Greek) is a popular place in the Cosmopolitan at CityCenter. We heard they offered a great prix fixe lunch, and we ended up waiting a day for a reservation. Upon arrival, I was surprised to see a few empty tables, despite waiting customers in the lobby. Perhaps they were short-staffed? There's a small bar to the right as you enter, then a large dining room with a view of the Strip. Ask for a view table if that's important to you. The prix fixe includes an appetizer, a main course, and a dessert for $20.13, a decent deal for a Strip resto. The staff were very attentive but I was a little disappointed our waitress wasn't more knowledgeable. I asked her the source of their salmon and she knew only that it was farmed. We decided to go with the meze plate and "Canadian Classic" for appetizers, the lavraki and lamb chops for the main courses, and we both had the karidopita for dessert. The meze plate came with pita and three dips, one with cheese and roasted red peppers, tzatziki, and a dip made with some kind of white fish. All were pretty good, but none stood out. The white fish dip surprisingly didn't taste of fish at all. The Canadian Classic consisted of Nova Scotia smoked salmon and half a St Viateur bagel (one of the best bagels you can have!), served with cream cheese, red onions, capers, and a lemon wedge. This was a delicious appetizer! THe smoked salmon was creamy and briny, and the bagel tasted like it was just baked a few hours prior.Lavraki is a Mediterranean seabass, a fairly firm but mildly flavored white fish. The lamb chops were available for a $10 upcharge and was served with french fries. Both were served a a broccoli shrub. I guess they don't believe in chopping things up. The bass was lightly seasoned with salt and pepper and a touch of lemon, but that was enough. The fish was fresh, cooked perfectly, and melted in your mouth. Considering the $10 charge, I expected a bit more than than the two small lamb chops that were served. They were also a little underdone (I asked for medium and they were served medium rare), but very tasty. Karidopita is a Greek walnut cake flavored with cinnamon and moistened with a light simple syrup. It was served at Milos with an interesting mint and evergeen flavored ice cream. The cake was moist and sweet, but not cloyingly so, and airy. The crumb was a bit rough, but that could be normal for this cake. The ice cream was really the star, in my opinion. I wouldn't call it delicious but the flavor was so interesting, I wanted more than the dollop atop the cake.All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed the meal here, and particularly thought the prix fixe was well worth it for the quality of food. A great find!
5	The Estiatorio Milos $20.13 lunch is too freaking good to be true - I hope it never goes away but if so, I'm glad to have had it this once. APPETIZERSScallop skewer - Great, 2 scallops, left stuffed but you might want to go for something more substantial if you're a hungry monkey.Grilled octopus - Opa! A must-have for any seafood lover, it's just one of those sensational taste experiences that I'll never forget.ENTREELavraki (grilled Mediterranean Bass) - they killed it with this as well, beautifully presented fish from which I scraped every piece of delicious meat. DESSERTWalnut Pie w/ Kaimaki ice cream - More of a cake texture, warm, walnut-y, honey-ey goodness.Yogurt Martini - Greek yogurt with a topping that highly resembled the texture of the Chobani fruit bases, which I love, but I would probably opt for fresh fruit instead. $15 wine pairing was spot-on. Wait staff were friendly and overall service was exceptional. Will definitely be back for what Milos rightfully boasts is the best lunch deal on the Strip.Note: I don't like dressing up (I prefer Cali-casual-presentable), but this is one of those places, even for $20 lunch. Our sweater/jeans look was not quite cutting it, even though there were several tee shirts and ball caps as well.
4	Food and service were great. Our server brought us a Skynos gratis just because I asked what it was. I'm not saying one should expect that sort of treat. I'm just saying they clearly wanted us to have a good experience there.
1	We come to Vegas at least 3 times a year for the Magic Clothing trade show and try all the best food joints. We got seated 50 minutes late and no one said sorry. They said that they had run out of many of their best sellers. We got talked in 3 average app's for $120 and we did not really want them. The people that sat down after us got their food 20 minutes before us. We got our food 90 minutes after we sat down. The service was bad and the food was average. They gave us 8 different excuses saying this is just the why things are at busy places. At the end we went to the manager as it was our worst high end eating experience in Vegas and his looked at us like we were lucky to be at their "hip" hotel. It was a sad experience and I am surprised that people like them. It was the opposite experience they we had received at every other high end place in town. This is only my 2nd yelp review and my first negative one.
5	The $20.13 3 course lunch was amazing. The fish lovraki, salmon, lobster pasta was all cooked to perfection. The octopus was amazing, never had such tender octopus. The bread to dip in olive oil was so good, crunchy crust. Real rustic bread.I have nothing bad to say about this restaurant including the service. All 5 stars.The yogurt martini dessert was a perfect ending. I didn't think I was gonna get full from the pictures i saw but I did.******Tips*****1. lunch starts at 12pm ends at 2:30pm you need to get in by 2pm. They shut the restaurant between end of lunch and dinner. Business casual dress2. reservation is not needed for lunch but I recommend it, as its getting popular for their lunch special.3. Even tho their lunch special for 3 courses is $20.13, some of the items are supplemental meaning you need to pay extra. The octopus everyone is raving about is $10 more on top of the $20.13,  and  the lobster pasta is $15 more. The extra price is well worth is.4. In my opinion the Greek yogurt martini is the best dessert unless you don't like yogurt, I was told its made in house. Its very rich and creamy. The thickest yogurt I've ever had. Slight tang with a touch of sweetness.I payed $120 for 3 people for lunch. That included the octopus appetizer and the lobster pasta that we had to pay extra for.
5	Delicious and a great value!$20.13 for a 3 course meal... I'm happy we came here instead of a buffet. Good price and the food is amazing! I wanted the scallop skewers but they ran out so I opted for the smoked salmon... so. Delicious. I would have it for all three courses. I got the Mediterranean bass after. Delicious!!! The lambchop and chicken that my friends got were also diiiivine...My only disappointment was the dessert. The 3 of us who got the walnut cake barely ate a bite be cause it tasted so weird! Just not for me I guess...Fast and friendly service. I'm between a 4 and a 5 because of the dessert, but the service was really nice and fun so I'll round up!
2	We went for the price fixe lunch.  Don't bother.  Go somewhere else.  It isn't worth the $20.13.Service wasn't attentive (had to repeatedly ask for more water or another beverage).  I had the lobster and I could barely cut it with a knife!   Was so chewy that I didn't even finish it.  The dessert was not edible.  Tasted like soap.
5	For appetizer, Milos special and tomato salad was phenomenal! Crab cakes was just okay - it's a very small piece for its price. For entree, rib eye steak was pretty good. The fresh fish was generally around $50-$60 per pound. We had the 3lb snapper which was cooked to perfection!
5	Incredible restaurant. The food was spectacular, the view of the strip was wonderful, and our waiter Tyler has raised the bar for great service. Try the lamb chops and ask for Tyler, you will not be disappointed. The yogurt martini dessert was a wonderful surprise ending to our lunch--Tyler's recommendation that it tasted like a cheesecake was spot on.  What a find!
5	One of the best meals I have had in a long time. Was recently back to Milo's with a business group after my initial visit a couple of months ago.The food is amazingly fresh and well prepared. Just like you would expect from a seaside cafe in Greece. Our group shared a large seabass grilled to perfection. The presentation was spot-on beautiful.The service was outstanding aswell. They even carried my favorite Frank Family Chardonnay wine. This has quickly become my favorite restoraunt in Las Vegas.
5	This is an amazing place for lunch! I have gone here three times and love it every single time. It is also one of the best priced gourmet lunches on-the-strip I have ever had. It is priced at 20.13. And there are a few items that can be upgraded. I usually choose their fish dishes... because they are so fresh and taste wonderful. I have also had their octopus (and it is well worth the upgrade charge). My dish was not heavy at all. Their portions are so well-sized. And to finish off lunch... get the greek yogurt! And have an espresso! It is one of the best in town.
3	It's a cute hidden restaurant in one of the newest restaurants. Open 11am or so till 2pmDefinitely fru fru and although they say you don't have to dress up, the t-shirt and jeans i showed up in were looked down upon.  They were also a little put out that we would not have bothered with reservation at 1:00pm on a weekday.It's a fixed price menu, you select appetizer, main course and desert for $20.13I went with the scallops - very lovely, nicely grilled with couscousNext i went with the  meditteranean sea bass - and unfortunately for me - it came with the head. I'm a little weirded out about actually looking in the eyes of something i'm eating. I know, gousch, but it's how i am, so having arrive with eyeball in tact turned me off, and they warmed of the possibility of bones up near the shoulder. (sigh. i hate bones, the instant i find one, i'm done eating, luckily i was pretty diligent about finding them and there was definitely more than just those in the shoulder...  ugh!) All in all it was tasty - but not really amazing.Desert - i went with the fresh fruit...  anh. grapes, a slice of orange, a slice of pineapple, and that might have been it.We would have considered a cocktail but the prices on wine were obscene and the beer was just ok. Staff was pretty attentive and helpful - i requested some balsamic instead of olive oil to dip my bread in and they brought it along.Our waters were kept filled and our courses arrived in perfect timing.It' a neat view if you get to be anywhere near it, but not something i would hunt out for a meal.
5	Hidden Treasure in Las Vegas.  Located in the Cosmo, they have a pre Fixe menu for $20.13 (for the year 2013).  It is awesome.  The scallops are sweet and perfection.  The fish (watch out for some bones) is cooked to perfection.  Tangy and hint of nuttiness from the olive oil.  The yogurt was tart and sweet with a kiss of the strawberry jam.  Beautiful restaurant and great service at an amazing lunch price.  What more can you ask for?  Try it.
5	The monday-friday lunch special is hands down THE BEST VALUE on the strip - this is coming from a Las Vegas resident who's literally been everywhere! The food is always top-notch matched by immaculate presentation and service to boot! If you can get a table it's a no-brainer during your stay in Vegas.
5	Best lunch deal and freshest fish imaginable for an upscale restaurant. Awesome- a cant miss.
5	We had the most amazing meal at Estiatorio Milos.  The grilled octopus appetizer is phenomenal and the black bass cooked grilled in salt is great. Even the side of broccoli was good with a rich lemon flavor.
5	Lunch was pretty amazing. We were in the Cosmo around 1pm, so we stopped by to see if there was an open table. Yes, the hostess did give me a glare as if I were wearing my "shark sandwich" tee shirt, because I was. But I wasn't planning on lunching here today when I left the room, so whatever.After a few minutes we were seated and the service and food were both wonderful. I had the octopus, bass and cake. I expected the food to be very good and it was. I didn't expect the portions to be so big. This is a lot of food for $30 ($10 supp. for octopus). My wife's crab cake, chicken and yoghurt were also good but the bass and the octopus were the stars of the afternoon. Cocktails were also good but expensive even for Las Vegas.
5	***Lunch Special ReviewI went with my boyfriend to celebrate my birthday this afternoon.  We arrived a few minutes late for our 2pm reso but were accommodated anyway.Ambiance: Large space with views of the kitchen and an outdoor seating area.  Well lit, bright, and welcoming with nice music at a reasonable volume.  The kind of setting that makes you just want to sit and stay!Food: We chose the pre fixe lunch and were very happy.  For the price, you cannot get better quality food in Las Vegas.  Portions were very nicely sized- we left feeling full but not uncomfortable.  My favorite was the grilled octopus while my boyfriend raved about the grilled bass and the meze plate, but we left agreeing that would could easily return quite often!Service: Would give the service 3.5 stars.  It was absolutely fine- but nothing memorable.  I was disappointed however because I had requested patio seating when I made the reso on open table and that was not honored.  I had also mentioned that we were celebrating a birthday.  At a restaurant of that quality I think special celebrations should at least be acknowledged- I dont need anything free but something as simple as a candle (in a cake I paid for) would be a nice touch.Would recommend for: romantic date, lunch with friends, fine to take your parents to but leave the little kids at home.This was truly one of the best meals we've had in Vegas.  Everything is so very fresh.  We look forward to a reason to return!
4	We had a great lunch at Milos! Both my companion and I chose the prix-fixe lunch- three courses for 22.13.We started with two great martinis, one with gin and cucumber, one with grapefruit.We shared our appetizers, the tomato salad and the Greek meze plate. Both were fresh and well-seasoned. We especially enjoyed the fresh feta cheese, hummus, and whitefish roe.For my entree I had the Mediterranean bass which was EXCELLENT! My companion had the salmon and was equally as satisfied.For dessert, I had the walnut cake. It was done beautifully, but my companion's yogurt martini was really the highlight.Will definitely go back. Great food, great service, and a tremendous value for lunch. If you can, sit on their open-air terrace if the weather is nice. It added to the ambiance and the overall experience. Thanks, Milos!!!
4	Went for lunch based on Yelp high ratings; and I was staying at the Aria next door. My friend and I both had the Prix Fixe menu which, as described by other Yelpers, was an unbelievable value. $22.13 for a three course meal in a 5 star hotel is almost unheard of.I had the tomato salad which was unbelievable. The tomato tasted as if they were picked off the vine at the height of the growing season. The Feta cheese was perfect and the light dressing gave it flavor but did not detract from the main ingrediants natural flavors. Second course was the Salmon which was perfectly cooked and nicely portioned. Finally, the desert was the Yogurt Martini which was a perfect end to a great meal. If a could give a half star i would but because I can not and my 5 star rating must be perfect than 4 stars it is.
2	The meal was extremely simple, underwhelming, and had no "pizzazz".It was my friends birthday, so I figured I would treat him, his girl, and myself to an awesome lunch. I had never been here before, but have only herd good things. As soon as we walked in, we were rudely greeted by the one out of two hostesses that were at the host stand. No smile, no energy, no welcoming "Thanks for joining us at our restaurant by spending your hard earned money and keeping me in the job" vibe, NOTHING. Crazy, in my opinion, we should have left, but didn't because the plans to eat here were already in affect. We were seated promptly, and had a nice view of their wine room that is encased in glass. Pretty cool. Our server was very friendly, and had just started there a few months prior. She gave us some recommendations, and we followed through with them. For my appetizer I ordered the "Grilled Octopus"(refer to pic)($10 additional fee). The octopus was charcoal-broiled perfectly, and was good. Maybe I like more "Eclectic" food, but this was just so simple. The octopus was accompanied by red onions and capers with the plate being drizzled with oil. Nothing amazing, just good. We Also ordered the "Milos Special", which was lightly fried zucchini and eggplant w/ tzatziki & kefalograviers cheese. This, center shared appetizer, was delicious! The zucchini and eggplant were fried PERFECTLY. The yogurt sauce, that was inside the stack of fried veggies, added such a nice tang, that really balanced all of flavors flawlessly and made all of us go back for more. The birthday boy ordered the "Crab Cake"(refer to pic)($10 additional fee) appetizer. From what I tried, the cake was okay... just very simple, small, and had nothing special going on. The b-day boy regretted ordering it.For my lunch entree I ordered the servers recommendation, the "Lavraki"(refer to pic). This Mediterranean bass is a "specialty at Milos". After finding three(3) pin bones in my fish, I figured it wasn't as "SPECIAL" as the server mentioned. The fish was cooked well, but once again... nothing special. When you are eating at such an upscale restaurant, you expect amazing flavors, quality, service, and atmosphere. It was blowing my mind that there was such a simplistic approach with no added spark, and still errors and missteps. My friend ordered the "Nova Scotia Deep Sea Lobster Pasta"(refer to pic)($15 additional fee), which he thought was an absolute, complete joke. The pasta was tossed in a red, tomato sauce and was accompanied by the top and bottom half of the lobster, while the middle of the lobster was the pasta. It was absurd. The pasta came out lukewarm, and he didn't want to inconvenience anyone, so he didn't want to complain. I thought the pasta had some good flavors, but the presentation was... just a hot mess. For dessert I had the server order for me. She brought out a "Yogurt Martini"(refer to pic) which was tangy, tart, and good for what it was.. Greek yogurt inside of a martini glass. The b-day boy ordered the "Walnut Cake w/ Kaimaki Ice Cream"(refer to pic) which we thought was moist, and delicious. I was envious of his dessert. No candle was given, or even a "happy birthday" but that's understandable. All the other standards of food quality, service standards, etc.. were disappointing.Overall, the meal was a bust. We left not satisfied and extremely underwhelmed for my friends birthday. We will not return.
2	Do not come here if you're a vegetarian. There is literally nothing on the menu and the chef was not helpful at all.
5	Robert gave us a guide of all their day's fresh seafood, took note of our tastes and made excellent recommendations. The octopus was absolutely incredible. Perfect light and rich mediterranean dishes. He made me feel special on my birthday! We will be back, most definitely.
4	I went here for the lunch special a few weeks ago. Half of the party was running late but they sat us anyways while we waited for them which I loved! The meal was pretty good but what I liked the best was the service! I mentioned to my friend that I wished I had more pita of my appetizer which was the mezze plate which had a trio of dips. Then the next thing I knew a waiter (who wasn't ours!) brought over a basket with more pita bread! Definitely, go for the real awesome affordable lunch special and stay for the great service!
1	We had the lunch special which is $$22.13 per person which includes appetizer, entree, and dessert. I had the " lump crab cake" which is an additional $10, the bass, and fresh fruits. Please don't bother coming to try the lunch, sounds cheap for Vegas but for the amount of food you get, it was so expensive. My crab cake which had additional $10 fee was the size of an infant's fist- a very small infant. The bass comes with head and bones - accidentally  swallowed a small bone, and I'm used to eating fish that way. It was a very small skinny bass. Kinda bland- all I tasted was the lemon juice. It was ok. I ordered the fruits for dessert- u would think u would get good quality fruits. Nope- it came with one small wedge of pineapple ( not sweet), 15 grapes, one slice of orange, 3 black berries, 2 slices of strawberries. The only thing sweet was the grapes- the sad platter of cheap fruits. I would not come here again. Service was ok- seems like service is good only if u order drinks. Btw, bread was dry and not good (4 slices).
1	The Wife and I ate here on our recent vacation. We had the prefix menu. The Wife selected the crab cake (an additional $10, the size of a baby lime), I selected the Scallops which where super small as well. The Wife ordered the sea bass and I had the Salmon. The sea bass was good however, the salmon encountered a few complications. The first time salmon was served to me it had a hair in the salmon. The second time salmon was served to me it was under cooked. In my opinion it seemed that the cook in the back tried to cook the salmon quickly by turning up the heat at the end so as to rush the cooking process. Also, the first piece was twice the size of the second piece. In fairness to the restaurant my meal was comped and an additional 15% was taken off the bill. We had desserts, the Wife had mixed fruits (pineapple, slice of blood orange, a few raspberries, a few black berries, half a strawberry), This was the prefix menu which cost $22.13 per person. The bread was good. We probably wont be returning anytime in the near future, we expected a lot for all the reviews we read that raved about this establishment.
1	Food is really bad.. Quantity is very less. Very less options. On top of it, wayyyyyyyyyy pricy. Waiters won't even smile. If I had a chance to go back in time, I will change my decision to eat here.
4	Well, if you come here, you have to go for lunch and get the prix fixe meal. For $22.13, you get a three course meal.  Can't beat that.  The selections are varied and solid, and the portions are an admirable size.What really made me love this place was the patio.  It is obviously on the Strip, but surrounded by green ivy and plants to hide the hub bub and noise.  It's really beautiful out there.  The service was top notch.  One of those as soon as your done, they take your plate and scrape the crumbs off the table with that straight razor looking thing.But some words of caution:- that price can sneak up on you realllly quick.  Some of the items on the prix fixe have an upcharge (like the grilled octopus - but so worth it) and their drinks are quite expensive ($16), so your $22 lunch can quickly become a $50 lunch.- I almost choked and died on a fish bone.  Like literally froze and thought my husband was going to have to shove his hand down my throat.  I ended up doing that myself in the bathroom.  Watch out for BONES in the bass!
3	Yum! I came here with my boyfriend and a couple of friends from Namibia (southwestern Africa) for the lunch special. $22 prix fixe with an appetizer, entree and desert.I had the crab cake (extra $), the shrimp sagnaki and the walnut cake. The crab cake was delicious with a smooth mustard emulsion and gigantes beans for a little texture. The shrimp sagnaki was nice as well, though it could have used a little more feta. The walnut cake was amazing. I was ready to pop because of the richness of the previous two dishes but I got through about 98% of the cake. Moist, tasty and with a frosting that didn't over power. I want some now!Considering one could easily spend almost $22 on a drink in this town, getting a meal of this caliber for that price is incredible. For folks for whom money is no object Milos has a fish market set-up where you can pick through Mediterranean-caught fish (caught yesterday!) for market price.
4	You must go to Estiatorio Milos for their prix fixe lunch.  It is one of the best values on the strip at around $22 for an appetizer and entree. Be prepared that if you want some of the dishes that sound amazing, like the Lobster pasta, expect a supplemental charge.Estiatorio has a light and bright room which goes with the Greek feel and the focus on fish dishes.  We started with a minerally white wine that enhanced the fish dishes.  I had their signature fish split down the center with capers and a light sauce.  It was light and went perfectly with the wine but working through all those small bones was more work than I had expected. Lissa G went with the supplemental Lobster Pasta which had a generous amount of lobster. Fortunately it even came with the shell so she was able to dig in and get the tomalley.  In case you didn't know or probably may shy away from...Tomalley is the liver and pancreas of the lobster. It looks like a green paste inside the abdominal cavity of a cooked lobster. It is considered a delicacy and many people consider it the best part of a lobster. Enough on the education (if needed), it was f'n awesome, and really made the dish for us both.Oh, did I mention, you get a dessert too for that price? Don't miss the yogurt dessert.Service was great and the sommelier was very helpful since I'm not as familiar with whites as reds.
4	on a whim, i decided to have a last lunch here before i headed home following a conference at the paris hotel.  i had a limited amount of time, and this was close by with excellent reviews so off i went.  the waiter, as with all LV waiters, pushed some excellent dishes and i went for it.  the prix fixe lunch truly is a great deal.  i had the tomato salad (which unfortunately not as delicious and ripe-tomato-y as pimped on yelp, but still delicious in it's dressing and that fresh feta--yum!), the sea bass which was a whole fish spit in half and grilled (this was phenomenal and they did warn me about bones, which was a nice touch) and the finishing touch was that amazing yogurt martini.  let's stop for a second and think about this.  imagine plain greek yogurt that is strained so that it's no longer gritty but instead has a silky texture, not at ALL as tart as you'd think, doused in this amazing strawberry puree.  it was insane.  i love greek yogurt all over again. on top of all of that, i had their cucumber cocktail, which i guess is seasonal?  bright, refreshing, boozy.  can't ask for much more. a good ending to a memorable weekend.  bonus: i sat behind aziz ansari while he had lunch, amazingly enough just like a normal person.  whee!
4	On the weekdays, this place is like a power lunch mecca - lots of suits and ties gripping their vodkas, and just as many suburbamoms gossiping over martinis. I took Mama K out for a ladies' lunch on her recent visit to town and she was over the moon. The $22.13 prix fixe menu was a hit, and we both ordered different items each course to try as much of the menu as we could with the exception of dessert, which my server got her on board to order the yogurt like I had. For the first appetizer course, Mama K ordered the fresh diver scallop skewer and I the octopus, which is an additional $10. The scallops were large and juicy, and well complemented by the couscous, while the octopus - dang, where do I start? It didn't even taste like octopus, and in a good way! It wasn't chewy like I'm used to, and instead it was soft and tender. Our main entrees were the lavraki - grilled Mediterranean bass for her, and the Honjake salmon for me. Both orders of the fish were done just right; there was no overly fishy taste and they were still moist inside. The lavraki did contain bones - I'm used to eating fish like this, but even so I don't generally see this at Western restaurants. Dessert for both of us was a thick Greek yogurt that was not very sweet, but had an even balance from the fresh strawberry and berry topping. Overall, a success! Our server was a displaced nomad from California who was easygoing and well-versed about the menu despite having only just started working here. The only reason I had to take off a star though, was because somehow he felt comfortable enough to tell us that here in Vegas, he only likes dating "foreign girls" because "they never stay long and eventually leave." No, no, no. You did not just tell me and my mom over our lunch about how you like to hit it and quit it.
4	Great place for lunch. I got their sea bass, and it was cooked beautifully.It was a three course sitting. My appetizer was a smoked salmon plate, and my dessert was a yogurt cup. These two were not bad by any means. I enjoyed them. But the real winner was the main entree. Loved the sea bass.
5	Excellent place for lunch.  For $22+, you get an appetizer, entree and dessert.  The portions are just right and they have great selections.For appetizer they have: Greek Meze Plate (tarama, tzatziki and htipiti), Canadian Classic (smoked salmon, cream cheese, red onion and a bagel), Scallop Skewer (with green bell pepper and couscous), Tomato Salad, Grilled Octopus for an extra $10 or Crab Cake for an extra $10.  For entree: Lavraki (grilled bass), Salmon (with steamed veggies), Organic Chicken Breast Skewer (with grilled mushrooms, onions and pita), Shrimp Saganaki (with couscous, tomato and feta), Lamb Chops (with fries and broccoli) for an extra $10 or Losbter Pasta for an extra $15.For dessert: Walnut Cake (with Kaimaki ice cream), Yogurt Martini or Fresh fruits.Greek Meze Plate:I started dipping my pita from the most flavorful to the not-so-much. I was not in the mood for flavor elevation today.  The tarama (creamy fish roe paste), bursts with pleasant brinyness, reminded me of  eating pregnant sardines but creamier (pardon the Andrew Zimmern-esque description).  It was very smooth and you can't tell you're eating fish eggs.  Dip your pita in the htipiti (red pepper spread) next.  Huge flavor difference from the tarama. Then move onto the tzatziki for a cool, tangy, creamy dip. Repeat.  Your plate comes with feta, olive and grape tomatoes too. 5/5Grilled Octopus: Hands down, THE BEST octopus I've had in the past 2 years.  It was tender and had an excellent smoky flavor to it.  It was absolutely wonderful. 5/5Lavraki:Served head on.  Grilled sea bass drizzled with olive oil, capers and served with broccoli.  The skin got soggy except for the part closest to the tail which was crisp and flavorful.  They'll warn you about the fish collar being too boney. 4/5Lobster Pasta:Great presentation. Lobster head, pasta, and lobster tail on a plate. Huge chunks of lobster in the pasta in a light tomato sauce.  What a beautiful dish. 5/5Walnut Cake:A small slice of what tasted like a banana bread except less moist. The ice cream tasted similar to absinthe/anise which I personally don't like. 3.5/5Yogurt Martini:Greek yogurt in a martini glass topped with strawberry sauce and half a strawberry for garnish. There's nothing more to elaborate on this one. 3.5/5Service and location were superb.  There's nothing bad to say about this place at all.
5	As a server myself, I'm guilty of being very critical of service. We came in for Mother's Day where our server Robert and his assistant (I didn't catch her name :/) were attentive, delightful, and personable. Portion size was perfect and the cuisine was delicious as well! Thank you both for making my mother and my family feel special!
5	Our original plan was to do lunch here, but they close from 2:30 pm to 5:30 pm and we missed it.  We opted for an early, light pre-show dinner. We got there right as they were opening for dinner.  We had no reservation but were seated immediately.  There is a small bar area and a larger dining area.  Very modern and classy design with minimal artwork and white tablecloths.  There is an outdoor seating balcony area but they weren't seating there at the time.  It was a little more formal inside than I was expecting.  I'm glad we were eating early, since I was wearing jeans and a collared shirt.  The kitchen is open and between the kitchen and the seating area is the "market".  They have all their vegetable and fruits piled up and larger are full ice with all their fresh fish and seafood on display.  The people sitting next us ordered a whole fish to share and were walked over to pick out the specific fish they wanted.  Pretty cool.  Anyway, back to our meal.  I never know how division of labor works at these restaurants.  We had multiple waiters.  I guess one was an assistant and the other is the main waiter.  The first guy, he was a little quiet and I didn't catch his name, took our drink orders.  We ordered glasses of a very nice Greek Sauvingnon Blanc.  After two glasses each, we should've just ordered the bottle.  Go figure.   Kevin was our main waiter and he was great.  Very friendly and informative.  We told him we were just looking for something light and thinking about going with just a few appetizers.  We were wondering if he'd be put off by that, but he was totally cool and told us that when he eats there himself he usually just orders the apps.  He made some great recommendations.  Based on his advice we went with the Milos Special which is very thin slices of eggplant and zucchini, that are lightly breaded and fried.  They come all piled up in a beehive shape with a fork in the middle.  You spin the fork around and they all kind of topple out and there's tzatziki sauce in the middle.  This is not your average gyro sauce that you end up tasting the rest of the day.  It's very light and absolutely delicious.  The veggies were so lightly fried they never felt heavy.  Beats out chips any day!  It also comes with pieces of white cheese that you eat warm.  An excellent app.  Our second app was the charred octopus (another Kevin recommendation).  It comes with capers and a vinagrette.  This is the first time I've had octopus that wasn't in ceviche.  I didn't know what to expect.  It was extremely tender and delicious.  The charred flavor is just right and works perfectly.  We will definitely be back at some point to try a full meal.
4	Great place for dinner, especially if you're staying at The Cosmopolitan. Expensive, but to be expected. My friends and I split a bunch of stuff -- a fish dish and appetizers, which ended up being more enough. You NEED to get the Milos Special as an appetizer... it's fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki and kefalograviera cheese. It was one of the best things I've ever eaten... I never wanted it to end. Our sever was very friendly and helpful, too. Great atmosphere for a classy dinner in Vegas.
5	OMG! Everything was so good. The fresh fish. How it was the made. The buzzing endless motion of waiters. The helpful insight of our fish specialist (who took our order, helped us pick out which fish suits our liking). The Lokomedes was heaven! Excellent coffee. We had: the sardines, beet salad, broiled snapper, broiled Branzino, mojoitos, Lokomedes, another greek dessert that I can't remember. Paid about $500!  But worth every dime. Best memorable meal yet!
4	I got the $22 prix fixe lunch, as recommended by the NYT travel column: grilled octopus $10 upgrade, lavraki, and walnut cake, plus wine pairing.The octopus was by far the best dish of the three, having just the right balance of tender-chewy texture, and spicy-acidic seasoning to balance the natural salt and evoo lubricant.The fish was a substantial portion of melt-in-your-mouth tenderness, but it had the same (albeit tasty) flavor as the octopus. It left me wondering whether they just use the same lemon-dill marinade for all of their seafood and call it upscale Greek.The walnut cake was disappointing. It was bland, dry despite the ice cream served with it, and wasn't presented well aesthetically. I couldn't understand what the waitress was saying, so I don't know what wines she poured, but both were whites, a bit fruity but dry, crisp and light, which complemented the seafood well. Being a celebrity restaurant in Vegas, it was well worth the price, but by normal standards, I wasn't wow-ed. I was probably most impressed by the attentiveness of the staff and the view of the strip.
5	Love, Love, Love this restaurant! My favorite in Vegas!!!
5	Fish flown in daily. Lunch 3 course meal $22. Great deal!!
2	For an expensive upscale restaurant, i expected more from milos. I was there with 3 other people this past weekend and we were all fairly disappointed. Our server was not helpful at all with deciphering different selections of fish I had never heard of. His answer to everything seemed to be "get up and have a look at the fish market"I want to know about flavor profiles of the fish....not see them dead in a bed of ice. What can a person ascertain from this besides a loss of appetite??Ugh.....we let him choose 2 fish for our table and they were both nice fish, but definitely not anything id want again. The 2 filets of fish i did receive had numerous bones in it which i found to be pretty unacceptable. The 2 women at the table got pretty nice cuts of fish, but the other gentleman and I had to spend half our time picking out small bones.The crab cake appetizer was the standout dish for us.....it was sweet, flavorful, and had little filler and a LOT of crab meat, It was large too, about the size of a baseball. We also had the fried veggies (milos special) with the cheese i cant pronounce.....the cheese was great but there just wasn't enough of it!Drinks here were fairly priced, and the house greek white wine was good...recommended by the sommelier (who was personable, helpful, and nice)It would take me winning the lottery to come back, and id probably stick to a steak or some veggies and crab cakes.
5	We first entered, and after being seated were shown to the selection of seafood in ice by our waiter, who described each fish perfectly and worked with us to develop a fish plate that would suit both of our palates - we ended up deciding on the Mediterranean sea bass (lavraki), and it was divine.My date got the grilled octopus, and it was probably the best plate I had the entire weekend. I would highly recommend getting it, even if the idea of eating octopus is not your cup of tea. I had the crab cake, which was definitely in the top 10 I have ever had, but still didn't hold a candle to the octopus. (We also got a couple greek dips and spreads, and they were awesome as well). Overall, the service was great (although it took a little while to get a refill on the hot bread) and I loved our waiter and assistant waiter. It is definitely pricey, but well worth it. I frequent the Cosmo, and really regret not knowing about this place earlier.
4	Solid Greek fare.  Awesome ambience and fantastic location on the Strip. I've been there a few times - had the fish and lamb dishes. Prefer fish.So I do recommend, but regarding the food there is a "Je ne sais quo" missing compared to the New York venue.
5	Greek food is on the top of my list for cuisines to eat and Estiatorio Milos doesn't disappoint. I came here for the prix fixe lunch which included an appetizer, an entree and dessert for $22. They have a decent amount of choices to pick from so I chose to have the seared scallops with couscous, the salmon with steamed vegetables, and the yogurt martini. I thoroughly enjoyed all my selections. The seared scallops were cooked just right, the salmon was tender and could almost melt in your mouth and the yogurt martini was refreshing to finish off the meal.
2	Uninspired food prepared in a mediocre fashion with lackluster service.I dropped into Milo's for dinner with a party of five on a Saturday night and without reservations (06/01/13). While they didn't have room inside, I was pleased that they were able to seat us promptly on the terrace. Unfortunately, they should have warned us that the terrace was hot enough to bake the fish on, had no ventilation, and is situated opposite an unobstructed 10 story tall strobing LCD screen -- epileptics need be warned. Throughout the entire meal, we constantly needed to wave down servers for water and drinks -- which was odd considering the overwhelming need for hydration. When it was time to chose our entree's, our waiter walked us to preview the available fish and gave us a succinct review of each one. Fun! Unfortunately, he never asked us to reserve one and when we finally got around to ordering he said that the specific fish we wanted was spoken for : \  We ended up ordering  a half-dozen oysters, two fish,and a $70 new york strip for the table. When it arrived, the fish was divided and plated for us in unequal portions, the expensive NY strip was served well done after ordering it med rare, and the fish was very no-frills. I got the impression that they're trying to make good ingredients stand out by serving it without any embellishments, but when the bottom of the fish is overcooked and you're chewing bits of carbonized bone, the fish doesn't speak well for itself. With so many good buffets in Vegas it's easy to get tasty and flavorful food with mediocre service. But when one decides to sit down for dinner at a restaurant a certain experience is desired. My guests and I did not walk away with either memorable food or attentive service and spent a few hundred dollars extra for it.
4	Stayed at the Cosmo a few weeks ago and had lunch at this delightful restaurant. It's a prix fixe deal that gives you several options for both appetizers, entree, and dessert. I started with the grilled octopus and didn't regret that option one bit. I had heard I needed to try their whole grilled fish selection and was also quite pleased. Their one weakness was the spiced cake dessert that wasn't very memorable.Be prepared to drop some bucks here, as lunch (with wine parings) was over 50 bucks. In the end it's worth it in my opinion. Give it a shot if you are in the area, and definitely stop in if staying at the Cosmo.
4	I am torn about Estiatorio Milos. It was the most overwhelming fish restaurant, yet most underwhelming Greek restaurant ever. It felt bipolar, and as a result my review is middle of the road. Their cocktails were solid to start. The Cucumber Cooler tasted like a beachside sunset. Our server picked a great bottle of white wine that paired well with every dish, even though the dishes weren't that great. More on that later. As a restaurant focused on seafood, its selection was out of this world. Fresh fish flown in from the Mediterranean on shelves of ice and tanks full of shellfish. We spent almost 10 minutes trying to decide which fresh fish to pick, then determine if steamed or grilled was the preferred method of cooking. The steamed sea bass we ended with was perfectly flavoured with lemon, salt, and probably the most memorable fish I've eaten this year. The underwhelming part? All the staple Greek items were slightly off. We had grilled octopus, which is difficult to prepare. It wasn't as rubbery as one would expect at a chain, but definitely not super tender, especially if it was presumably fresh. As for the highly recommended fried zucchini, eggplant and saganaki on a skewer, something so classic and traditional, turned out to be tame. To top it off, the baklava was too sweet and crunchy. I could get something better in any other Greektown in North America.Our server was maybe the most consistent part of our dining experience. He winced if we were about to order something sub-par, and silently steered us away from fish that wasn't the freshest. The amount of detail he put into presenting the dish and enthusiasm for the ingredients is what ultimately made our meal!
2	I'll have to defer to the folks who think the $20.13 deal for lunch is a good one.  I'm sure it is and I'll might try it the next time I'm in Vegas.   And if I was on an expense account or, as I assume from what I could observe of many of my fellow patrons when we were there, using my daddy's (or my sugar daddy's) credit card, a lavish, no holds barred dinner here would be a pleasant way to spend an evening without a care in the world,  Service that we had sitting at the bar was very professional, but I'm cutting them some slack for gently pushing the purchase of the restaurant's olive oil (a touch tacky, I think).The problem is that the price of the dishes in the evening, given what you receive, is way out of line with the value.  Now,  I'd guess that many of my fellow patrons could give a flying fig about dollar value, but that's not how I roll.  I can justify dropping many hundreds of dollars for a meal for two on occasion if I was presented with dish after dish with double plus wow factor.  Here though, we're talking about relatively simple Mediterranean cuisine centered on Greek cooking.   I love that stuff big time, as it is the food that launched the cultures of the Greeks, the Phoenicians, the Romans, and the southern Spanish and French.  But no matter how much effort goes into sourcing the best or freshest this or that, at the end of the day you're dealing with a few ingredients cooked in a straightforward manner, maybe a couple of minutes on a grill, steamed to get just beyond raw, or pasta\rice tossed in boiling water just long enough to still have a little tooth to it.  Simple food from a land that is relatively poor.That's why I have to give Milos a 2 star based on our single visit just sampling the appetizer selections: this is simple food that is insanely expensive, albeit clearly involving good ingredients.  I can't give you exact prices (the menu on their website is outdated) but here is an example.  We ordered the grilled sardines.  This dish, a staple of the impoverished fishing villages of Portugal that involves simply brushing on a little olive oil and salt and tossing on a BBQ, was something like $22.  For that amount of money we received all of....four small sardines.  If the Greeks got over $5 for a fish the size of your index finger, they wouldn't be in a financial crisis right now.  The bottarga (grey mullet roe) was nearly $30, but turned out to be four tiny crackers with a sliver, and I mean a sliver, of cured roe.  The grilled octopus was very tasty, and the portion size we received was enough for two folks for sure, but at close to $30 the value simply wasn't there.  And perhaps the worst offender was the least expensive: the taramosalata was so bland and un-fish-like that we initially thought they had served us an order of hummus.  Even if it was under $10, and it certainly wasn't (maybe closer to $20), it wasn't worth what we had paid.I guess I'm just cranky though, because the place was packed with folks ordering the $300 grouper and thinking nothing about dropping $65 for a couple of lamb chops.  For me though, I'll save my money and spend it at a true Mediterranean restaurant that gives you decent bang for the buck.  Nick in Palm SpringsP.S.: How can a restaurant named "Estiatorio Milos" offer only a single variety of Ouzo?  The Greeks of the world would be outraged by this travesty!
4	Review of: $22.13 Pre-Fixe Lunch Menu 2013My friend and I have attempted to eat the Pre-Fixe at Milos before, back when it was $20.13. Indeed, they have upped the price, but I don't think $2 is much more for what you are getting. However, if they upped the price anymore than that I would think twice about coming here for this particular Pre=Fixe.I believe one of the best ways to eat well, in fancy places, and get the bang for your buck is to eat happy hours, lunch, and Pre-Fixe menus. Numerous fancy-dancy places in Vegas offer these menus in their "off" times (IE: not dinner) and this accommodates especially locals very well. I imagine the meal I had at this particular lunch would have set me back a whole lot more than 20 bucks-ish had I been dining during a "dinner" time at Milos. With that being said, onto the food:First Course - Meze PlateComes with three sauce, pita bread, cheese, one tomato and one olive. I really wanted another kalamata olive. Why just one Milos?! Why?! Oh right, presentation or something probably. I chose the meze plate because I wanted an option to just get my palate going before I had my main course. The other first courses on the menu are quite sumptuous (scallops, octopus, etc.) However, the meze plate eases you into your meal in a nice way, being able to play with which flavors you slather onto your pita bread. I enjoyed the dish and the presentation.Second Course - Sea BassA fish you'll wish you could eat every time you eat fish. It is presented sliced in half, tail and head still attached (please do what you can to scrape some meat out of the head - I did!). The flavor is - buttery, meaty white fish. If you don't know what that tastes like, then order this dish and enjoy. My fish did not have too many bones, I believe I probably ran into about 5-6. However, my friend's fish seemed to be loaded, so just be careful when eating.Third Course - Walnut CakeMeh. I was not impressed and wished I had ordered another dessert. This cake was dry and tasted like gingerbread. I'm not a fan. The ice cream on top was the only reason I could stomach the whole piece. Had the ice cream not been on top I would have just left it on the plate after the first couple bites.Service - Genteel, warm, friendly, upscale, quick, we were not forgotten, nor were we hovered over. When we arrived the place was empty, when we left it was totally full. So kudos to management and servers for keeping a service exceptional through a lunch rush.Overall - A decent Pre-Fixe to try out. Since Milos specializes in seafood, those who may not want to dump a whole lot of money into such a specialized restaurant should consider the Pre-Fixe option and then decide whether or not they would return for full price. Now, if I had a hankering for seafood and had some extra money to throw around I would definitely return to Milos, probably with out-of-town friends to wow them.
3	Not a lot to say about it just over price fish place.... You get to choose what kind of fish your want to eat and they will cook it for you, view is pretty for the patio area
4	Excellent Seafood in Las Vegas. Everything was delicious. Coming from the California Coast, I was impressed at the quality of the seafood (given that we were in the Desert), but it was not better than I was used to. Service was VERY casual, but friendly. It was definately an "upsell all you can" type of service, with a tour of the seafood bar, etc, etc. It was great food for Vegas, but nothing my grandmother doesn't grow in her backyard.We had a nice meal but neither the service, the decor, or the food, I felt, merited the price point. I went with a local couple who loved this place. I'd say it was a special treat for locals or those who don't have access to good seafood, but you really do pay for it. The octopus and scallops, were worth every penny, however I think we paid something like $140 for two medium sized fish, which were good, but not worth the money.
5	$22.13 3-course lunch is the best deal in town, the food is amazing, service outstanding and the atmosphere is beautiful.  I love this restaurant and highly recommend it.  Lunch is 12-2:30 7 days a week and they have a nice patio that overlooks the strip and they take reservations.  I order the tomato feta salad, grilled bass and yoghurt for dessert and had the fried zucchini chips yesterday and thought they were delicious.
4	Review of: $22.13 Pre-Fixe Lunch Menu 2013I thought the ambiance is very nice and welcoming.  Service was good.  First Course:Grilled Octopus and Diver Scallop Skewer.  Scallops were very tender.  Overall they were just well cooked scallops with a touch of salt.  Good, but nothing to brag about.  The Octopus however is definitely something worth bragging about.  As so many others have reviewed this octopus is wonderful.  tender and flavorful.  the char on the ends of it are the best part.  I wish i could just order a plate of it for lunch.Second Course:Lavraki (Bass)  & Honjake Salmon.  Both fish were extremely fresh, moist, and a light flavor. Lavraki did have alot of bones, but we were okay with that.  I feel like alot of olive oil is added after, which i think was a little bit of an over kill.Dessert:Yogurt Martini & Fresh Fruit.  These desserts aren't anything fancy, but i will say the fresh fruit was really...um...fresh. Lol!  watermelon, honey dew, cantalope, grapes, strawberries, cherries, and a pineapple.  Yogurt Martini is just plain greek yogurt with a strawberry like sauce.  i eat greek yogurt every morning, so i should have went with the Walnut cake, but read so many poor reviews i couldn't do it.I would go back for lunch again.  I noticed alot of people ordering the Lobster Pasta, but for an additional $15 i would have to think about it for lunch. Also, i want to go back and try the Milos Special (lightly fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki and kefalograviera cheese).  I saw alot of tables order it and the waiter also said it was a menu favorite.
5	Update on pricing. They have just recently changed the price to 22.13. But it is still amazing!
5	Were to begin... If you are thinking of coming to this amazing restaurant ... Well stop thinking and get ur butt there now!Not what I had expected since the valet lady referred us.. They took food to another that my taste buds sincerely enjoyed.. Here sis what we ate..Sourdough bread just a tad chewy and the least fav part of my meal.. Oysters on the half shell.. In Vegas seriously??!!?? A++++Wife had tomato salad and reminded her of being a kid at a farm picking fresh produceOctopus app.. YO IF YOU DON'T ORDER THIS YOU WILL BE MISSING OUT ON ONE OF THE GREATEST TASTES EVER!Wife had shrimp dish and couscous wow I thought I was in another Spanish country! YummLamb chops HOLY $.... !! Cooked to perfection minimal spice and meat was the showcase.. Woooow Desert was great was told to get Greek yogurt .. Wow yum yum Service was attentive and quick!So very glad we came to eat here on a Sunday afternoon! Have bookmarked and will be back! Btw Patrick was our amazing server.. Thank u!
4	The $22 prix fixe lunch is their loss leader -- go here, try their stuff, like their stuff, come back later for a pricey dinner.  Example: The lamb chops, which you can get for a $10 supplement at lunch, are on their dinner menu for $58.  I assume you get more lamb chops at dinner (...I hope you get more lamb chops at dinner) but why not give them a try at lunch first?  Note: The drinks menu is not discounted at lunch.  My husband had a $22 lunch and a $16 mixed drink.  So it goes.  But overall, we were pleased.  Thumbs up.
2	A handful of us stopped in to get a few bites off the Milos Meze sampling menu. I was incredibly unimpressed by the food overall, and most likely won't bother coming back. I understand the concept of a tasting menu, but the portions for the price on this particular menu were a little absurd. Typically, I'd expect at least 2 decent sized bites offered but on a few of the items ordered by my companions, it seemed like there was barely a full bite on their plates. I tried 3 items before we decided to head over to Secret Pizza. Calamari: the best thing I had here, but still by far not the best calamari I've ever had, which is what I expected it to be at around $9 for a handful of pieces.Fried Cheese: forgive me, as I don't remember the menu item name. 3 very small pieces of cheese. It was okay to me, but seemed to be a huge hit with the rest of my party.Mini Gyro. seriously mini. take your 2 thumbs and stack it on top of each other. Very little meat served on this dish. The cucumber salad served with it was better than the gyro itself. I felt like the food was just okay but for the price was a bit absurd. For the sake of their guests, I hope their main courses offer more flavor than the tasting menu did.
4	We went for the lunch deal, $22.13 for a 3 course meal. Small portions, but definitely filling and worth it. Loved the tomato salad on the appetizer menu and enjoyed the shrimp and cous cous. Definitely worth the price, especially in Vegas!
5	OMG, the Octopus!! By golly, have the octopus!!! Still dreaming about the octo... well, you get the idea! The lunch special, under $25, is unimaginable in Las Vegas, but there it is! Do NOT miss this amazing experience and make sure you have the wine pairing for a few extra bucks! Oh, did I mention the grilled octopus?!?!
4	We love the Milos in New York and give it a 5 star-first time at the Las Vegas Milos. Waiters are amazingly watchful and not pushy at all.. Also  knowledgeable about all of their fresh sea food offered. Get the zucchini chips! And the Grilled octopus, Prawns, anything at all! Great place for a super quality night out!
5	Even better than the first time I ate there. I'm so happy the quality hasn't gone down even a little bit!!
4	Awesome lunch, with true value.  Amazing sea bass deftly filleted, head included (cheek meat!), served with perfect fries.  Beautiful walnut cake with the best Greek ice cream (hints of honey and herbs).
4	Fried zucchini & eggplant... the milos special. they don't call it their special for nothing.I suggest getting a fresh fish... thats what they are known  for.TIP: they don't serve chicken at dinner time, be prepared.ANOTHER TIP: It is very expensive.
3	It's a pity the service was so poor at this place because it has a lot of potential. My husband and I ate dinner at Estiatoria Milos last weekend. We were really put off the service. The waiters were really pushing the fresh fish on us - which of course looked amazing - but the fish choices that they had left when we arrived could have fed a family of 4, not a couple of 2 who were simply interested in drinking and sampling a variety of items.  I'm about 100 pounds soaking wet and have zero interest in some big hunk of fish that should feed 2 or 3 of me! My preference is to taste many flavors instead.We proceeded to oder several appetizers to split as our dinner, and all was very tasty. However, when we ordered this way, it acted as an immediate trigger to our waiters to ignore us for the remainder of the time at the restaurant. In addition, they proceeded to deliver all appetizers within minutes of each other -- they put in ZERO effort to make sure they spaced everything out. What was funny was that the restaurant was about 1/2 full -- they should've milked the fact that they had two people drinking $20-25 glasses of wine and kept us there so we'd drink more. Total bummer because I've wanted to try this place for a while.
3	3.5 starsI hadn't read a lot of reviews before dining at Milos, but what I did know is that it's expensive. As expensive as dinner can be, Estiatorio Milos offers what I think is one of the best lunch deals on the Strip - a 3-course, $22.13 menu. Six appetizers are available to choose from (two with supplemental pricing), six entrees (two with supplemental pricing), and three dessert options. The tempting pricing supplements, which range from $10-15 extra, can quickly drive the prix-fixe up, but there are attractive options when sticking to the $22 menu as well.Bread is served warm, crusty on the outside and very soft on the inside. Fruity olive oil is served instead of butter, something I actually prefer almost every time.Fried Calamari fresh calamari, lightly fried with lemon - This starter isn't part of the fixed menus, but was one of the house specialties so we gave it a try. The batter was light and crispy, delicate with tender squid. With a light squeeze of lemon, these were simple but delicious bites. However at $24 a plate, there isn't a ton of value here since you could get another 3-course for less.Fresh Diver Scallop Skewer with green bell pepper, sweet onion & couscous - My mother had these skewered scallops; cooked well, these were tender and moist. Some sweetness from bell peppers and onion were a welcome accompaniment.Grilled Octopus sashimi quality Mediterranean octopus, charcoal-broiled - A $10 supplement, this was one of the better dishes of the lunch. Extremely tender, the octopus was contrasted with a bright onion flavor and fresh parsley. Loved the texture.Fresh Maryland Lump Crab Cake with marinated gigantes beans & mustard emulsion - Another $10 supplement from the appetizer options, I liked the delicate crust of the crab cake but overall flavors were fairly muted. Not bad, but not the most interesting.We tried four of the entree options.Lavraki grilled Mediterranean bass - This was a hit; the dense flesh of the bass was very moist and the skin was oh-so-crispy. A touch of fruity olive oil and salty capers were a nice addition to the fish, which didn't need much more.Organic Chicken Breast Skewer grilled mushrooms & onions, served over pita - My cousin got this dish; the lone piece of chicken that I tried was pretty dry.Colorado USDA Prime Lamb Chops french fries & broccoli - My grandmother opted for the lamb chops ($10 supplement), cooked a nice medium rare. Tender and juicy, this was a good option for someone wanting to avoid the seafood route.Nova Scotia Deep Sea Lobster Pasta light tomato sauce - I went for this dish. Although the $15 pricing supplement was relatively steep, there seemed to be a lot of value in this dish. A whole small lobster was carefully broken apart, leaving the meat bathed within linguini and a light tomato cream sauce. The lobster was just a touch more cooked than what I would've liked, but was sweet and tasty nonetheless. The pasta had a nice richness without being too heavy.For dessert, we tried two of the three options.Fresh Fruits of the Season - Pretty much as advertised.Walnut Cake with Kaimaki ice cream - The cake was sweet, slightly earthy, and pretty moist. The ice cream was refreshing; interestingly, it's made from the resin of mastic trees, native to Greece.We enjoyed our meal here and I wouldn't mind returning for lunch. I wouldn't say it was good enough to inspire a visit for a $100+ dinner, though. The scallops and Lavraki fish would make an excellent $22 lunch meal; in terms of the supplements, I'd splurge on the octopus and lobster pasta again. Heck, many Vegas buffets are more than $22 for lunch; you don't get the same variety but the quality at Milos is clearly several notches above. Definitely recommended for a lunch visit, but I'll have to read more positive reviews to visit for dinner.
5	I went here two days in a row because of their lunch special. For 22 bucks or something you get a 3 course meal which is not only filling, but really good.  The fish was amazing and fresh.  Pretty hard to find anything at this price / quality in Las vegas
1	I have eaten at Milos in Miami and NYC - the food is always fantastic (if extremely pricey) and the service has always been really great, friendly and very attentive. I ate at the Vegas restaurant earlier this summer with my family. The prix fixe lunch is an excellent way to dine here without breaking the bank. The food was fine. What was not fine, and what I wasn't expecting (particularly given my experience at the other Milos', which are simply put, in better locales) was just how arrogant and pretentious the service was. It was actually stunning. Our waiter was ridiculous. Come on, we are in Vegas, not on 5th Avenue. Anyhow, I would NEVER go back here again. There are so many other restaurants in this area where the service is warm and welcoming - this is a huge skip it.
5	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE 2013 LUNCH MENUDon't let the three dollar sign fool you. This is the BEST deal in all of Las Vegas for lunch. Let it be known. Everytime I visit Las Vegas I will be visiting Estiatorio Milos for lunch. Their lunch menu is a 3 course (I guess you can call it a tasting menu) meal for $22.13/pp. It USED to be $19 and some change but a $3 increase? Can't really complain about that because I personally would pay $30/pp easily without a complaint. ***AppetizerCanadianClassicWilly Krauch Nova Scotia Smoked Salmon cream cheese, red onion &the World Famous St.Viateur Bagel from Montreal(instead of the usual eggs and potatoes brunch item you really cant go wrong with smoked salmon from Nova Scotia. So clean and refreshing)Fresh Diver Scallop Skewer with green bell pepper, sweet onion & couscous(forget beef sticks or traditional skewers. The scallop here was fresh and delicious. A definite order)NOTE: (the infamous sashimi quality Mediterranean octopus, charcoal-broiled was not available for the day. It is a $10 supplementary charge .. but trust me from what other reviewers wrote about his dish. I WOULD HAVE ORDERED A COUPLE OF THESE FOR THE HELL OF IT)MainCourseLavraki grilled Mediterranean bass(Not gonna lie. I've eaten my fair share of fish from all parts of the world. This may be the best cooked fish I've had in comparison to Le Bernardin. That's a bold statement to say because no one prepares seafood better than Chef Eric Ripert. But man o man this dish was cooked perfectly. A light taste and very fulfilling.Nova Scotia Deep SeaLobster Pasta light tomato sauce ($15 supplementary)(i cannot explain how beautiful this dish was. i will post a photo if a few to Yelp. Me personally at the present time, im on a low carb diet and I had to forgo that for this pasta. Extremely delightful and beautifully crafted. worth the extra $15 and you'd be a fool to not order this.DessertWalnut Cake with Kaimakiice cream(I can't even pronounce this ice cream. all I know is .. this ice cream is out of this world)The Real Greek Yogurt(served in a martini glass .. yogurt full of class and serenity. great to finish off your breathtaking meal.IF YOU CAN TAKE ONE THING OUT OF MY REVIEW. JUST TRUST ME. THIS RESTAURANT IS A MUST VISIT. IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT .. THEN YOU CAN STICK TO YOUR LOCAL BUFFET AND LIVE A MISERABLE UNINTERESTING DINING EXPERIENCE. MAKE YOUR RESERVATION NOW DUMMY!
4	Well, I said I was glad to have it once, and I stand by that. Some changes vs. our previous experience: the cost is up to $22.13, the wines were less of a standout, and the octopus was not available. I also thought the lavraki was much more bathed in the butter presentation, as if the fish alone wouldn't hold up as it had before. It's hard to complain about a nice meal at these prices, but before I thought it was a steal, whereas now I feel it's more of a standard lunch deal. We did dress up nicely this time, which seemed to get us a good seat. I'd probably go back for one more go, but seriously, I won't sit down if there's no octopus!
3	4 stars for the food and overall experience but docking a star due to an issue with the bill that I will go into later.I came here with a large group, so we were required to order from a prix fixe menu. These appetizers were brought for the group to share. * Tomato salad with feta, red onion, olives, green bell peppers* Grilled scallops with couscous salad* Pita with 3 dips (roe, feta and roasted red peppers, tzatziki)The appetizers were all really good, although the scallops were a tad rubbery. For entrees, we each had a choice of salmon, chicken skewers, grilled lavraki, or lamb chops ($10 extra). Most of us ordered the lavraki, and the whole fish was carved up table-side. The head and an extra portion were offered to us as well. The fish  was pretty tasty. For dessert, we could each choose either a walnut cake or a fresh fruit plate. I got the fruit plate, which had a small piece each of honeydew, pineapple, and cantaloupe as well as a few strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries. The cost came out to $32 per person including tax and tip (or should have if we'd been charged correctly). The prix fixe menu looked like a reduced version of the $22.13 lunch menu currently on the website, so we paid a bit of a premium for having a large group. Nevertheless, Milos felt like a really good deal compared to other restaurants I've eaten at on the strip. The one negative aspect of the experience, alluded to earlier, was that we were misled about the final bill. One girl could not make it to lunch due to a flight emergency. We mentioned when we walked in that we were down 1 person (from 14 to 13), and we were assured three times (by the hostess and 2 different waiters) that this would not be a problem. When the bill came, we were still charged for 14 girls. One of the girls tried but could not get the additional charges waived. This extra charge did not amount to much, especially split among everyone, but this was horrible customer service.
4	Encouraged by other Yelpers, we dined at Estiatorio Milos for the luncheon special, and were delighted.  The restaurant is nestled under a slanted bank of windows overlooking the strip.  We were given a perfect table, surrounded by plants, and bathed in sunshine.  We each chose from the Prix Fix Lunch menu, and were pleased.The tomatoes in the tomato salad are a revelation, heirlooms full of life and flavor.  The Meze plate mixed it up perfectly , with ample tastings of hummus and feta cheese, while the Yogurt Martini was the perfect cap to the meal.  Attentive and interesting waiters rounded out the meal, and we left with big smiles, looking forward to our return visit!
2	Ate dinner there last night. I was thoroughly unimpressed. I had four courses. Started with 2 different hummus, taziki, and feta cheese. All were average tasting items. They served it with purposely burnt bread which wasn't very tasty. Next up was octopus with peppers and mushrooms. For the main course I chose the sea bass which came with spinach type like greens. From the way it was cooked, it kind of dried out. The waiter warned as it was served, that there were bones. So i had to remove the bones from my mouth as I ate the fish. Others ordered the lamb which was a very small portion served chop style. Their dish came with french fries. The lamb was on the dry side for my fellow diners. Last came some kind of coffee cake like dessert, which none of us at the table really partook of. Very nice restaurant ambiance overlooking the strip. You can walk by and there is a market like set up of the raw ingredients and fish and other seafood displayed on ice with the price per pound. It all looked very fresh and appetizing. All of that earned them an extra star. Otherwise it's a 1 for the food.
5	THE THREE COURSE $22.13 LUNCH IS PHENOMENAL!The start everyone off with crusty bread and high quality Greek Olive Oil.It's difficult to decide on your appetizer because they all sound so good. I tried the bagel and cream cheese with Nova Scotia Salmon. The salmon was rich and fresh and the toasted bagel was a lighter kind that seemed more like toast. My husband had the ($10.00) supplemental Maryland Crab Cake. It was the real thing just like what you really get in Baltimore. The menu is mostly fish and some do have supplemental pricing.I picked the Greek Sea bass that they call Lavraki because they told me it was FRESH FLOWN IN EVERY DAY. They gave me a whole fish that was mostly free of bones very simply dressed and prepared to perfection garnish with a little fresh broccoli. The Honjake Salmon was prepared just the same and was also pristine fresh and melted like butter in your mouth.I welcomed the beautiful fresh fruit plate. I thought that was a very nice ending.If you eat fish this place should be on your must go places  for lunch in Las Vegas.
4	(3.75 stars really)Lol, I paid $135 for a Mediterranean Snapper.The fish was pretty good despite the price.Also had the octopus, calamari, Greek salad, and beets.The octopus was good, calamari nicely seasoned but a bit oily, Greek salad wasn't the best ive ever had but the most expensive at $28, the beet salad was ok.Overall, the food was good (not wow), service ok.I'd return only if I was staying at the Cosmo.
4	ER MER GEWD $22.13 FOR A 3 COURSE MEAL FOR LUNCH IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING !!!!!!I REALLY ENJOY me trip here as I find this deal to be totally worth every penny. Service was informative and nice. It has a really good environment that you can look at. I don't think you really need to make a reservation because it seems pretty spacious and lot of seatings. I picked the scallop, Mediterranean bass, and fresh fruits. I want to mention that you can add $10 to add change appetizer to the octopus and + $10 ?  to lamb chops and $15 to entrees to make it the lobster pasta. The bread was pretty good as it comes with olive oil. The scallop was simply wonderful as it was cooked in perfection and seasoned well. It comes with onions and peppers which made a really great harmony as you bite through the stick. I had two bites of the octopus(which they recommend) which was really good too. The waiter to describe the octopus to be as tender as a pork chop kind of thing(I think that's what he said). Regardless it was really delicious and it wasn't super chewy. Simply wonderfulThe Mediterranean bass made me really think about how amazing it is that it only cost FREAKING $22.13! You're seriously getting what you are paid for. The bass was light hearted and the waiter to tells us to eat from the tail to the head and as you go up to the fish head, there will  be bones. It was a really light dish with a really nice and citrus and acidity sauce that was on the bottom of the bass. The bass was cooked well and it wasn't overcooked and dried up. Definitely a recommendation to get. I had a small bite of the lamb chops(I don't like lamb) and it was ACTUALLY VERY GOOD. It didn't have that lamb taste which was why I liked it a lot! If you got me liking your lamb dish, you are one heck of a restaurant. BUT MAN THAT $15 to add the lobster pasta was just WOOOO. They give you the whole lobster...which the head and tail is divided and the pasta is in the middle. It was like a lobster tomato spaghetti  that a wonderful tomato sauce to along with it. THe lobster was super fresh and I say it was definitely a winning dish. DEFINITELY AND DEFINITELY RECOMMEND HERE AS IT IS TOTALLY WORTH YOUR MONEY AT LUNCH!$22.13!!! LIKE ER MER GEWD
5	We love this place!!! Great food & service! We're Greek and Milo's is one of our favorite restaurants. Try the Milo's Special. Delicious! We've been here many times and its consistently good!
5	My wife and I had a wonderful dinner here. All of the food was super fresh and delicious. Also, the wait staff was excellent - probably the best service I have ever had on the strip. We had e Greek salad, fish, lamb, and the octopus. Our bill was large, but well worth it.
5	I eat out every night. I am yuppy with an expense account. Been to every restaurant in Vegas while living there for 5 months. MILOS is not only my favorite restaurant in town but one of my favorites anywhere.GO!And get the octapus.
3	Most of the reviews I've read on here are for their lunch specials, which is great, but I wanted to give a review for their dinner. Upon entering, we were greeted by the hostesses, friendly and welcoming. The atmosphere was elegant, and each table was laden with a swanky lookin group of people or cute couples on dates. The dress code, for the most part, is semi-casual, but we were dressed casually and didn't feel out of place. We were greeted by our "drink server"... At least that's what I remember him for. I told him what kind of drinks I normally like, which, lately, is vodka and nothing too sweet. He came out with a refreshing vodka cucumber cocktail. My boyfriend got the "them apples" martini, and my friend got a scotch and soda. $15-18 each drink.Next off, we were greeted by our food server. The whole ordering process with our  food server is what may have thrown me off from the entire dining experience. I felt that he was somewhat pushy and rushed us to order. Here's the thing about Milo's dinner experience. If you plan to order fish (which our server made it seem like you should know from the get-go what you want without looking at the menu ugh... -_-), then you get to take a look at the "fish market" and you get to pick out the fish you would like. They filet it up, grill it and serve it family style at your table (FYI everything is family style). Each fish is anywhere from $50-60/lbs. Most of it looked fresh, but I'm really not impressed by how the server presented, he gave brief descriptions, went down the line, and then expected us to have a choice after his rambling. I feel like having him explain 10 different kinds of fish right then and there and expecting me to choose one right off the bat, forced me into choosing a lobster lol... A $108 dollar lobster--my goodness!Anyhow, lets talk about the food! For starters, they brought out a bread basket along with our 12 dozen of fresh oysters--probably my favorite part of our meal. We had 2 different kinds, I forget what they were called, but one was more briney in flavor while the other one was creamier. Both awesome! I think this came out to $40? Ish? LolAfter what seemed like forever (maybe 30 minutes, pretty long time for a salad if you ask me), our Greek salad came out. Served family style, the salad was comprised of beef steak tomatoes, chopped into chunks, sliced cucumbers, green bell peppers, and olives tossed in a light vinaigrette, topped with two fresh slices of feta cheese. It was good, but the tomatoes could have been sweeter--I mean for $28, you deserve sweet tomatoes right? ;)Next, the lobster came out along side the filet that we ordered (yeah, we decided to order a filet mignon, as well). The lobster was boiled, cut in half, and served up simple and pretty on a platter. It was pretty big! Juicy, tender, not at all rubbery, it was delicious! If it wasn't $108, I'd eat it all the time lol! The filet mignon was nothing spectacular. I mean, it was really good, but come on--we live in Vegas, there's a million steakhouses out here, and this piece of filet wasn't changing my life haha... It came out to $68 (I think?). I also ordered a Greek wine, which drank like a pinot noir, it was pretty good ($15) with the steak.Anyhow, the three of us shared all the food, and the bill came out to about $350 including tip. My poor boyfriend and friend were still hungry after our meal haha!Maybe I just need to give it another shot, but I wasn't very happy about our dinner experience at Milo's. Our pushy server may have been what made it so lame, but I wasn't too ecstatic by the prices either. To me, the food and service didn't fit the bill. If you've got the money, give it a go. Let me know what you think.
1	Went with a group of 10 for a business dinner. Fortunately the one paying had picked the place and he liked his meal because the rest of us did not. The meal was outrageously expensive (even more expensive than when we went to Picasso - a 2 start Michelin restaurant) and the food was incredibly poor. I hesitate to say the food was terrible because it had no flavor so it couldn't have a bad flavor. Just nothing at all.Once we were all there, our waiter took us over to their impressive display of fish which he then bragged were flown in fresh each morning from across the world. But all of these fish contained utterly outrageous price tags. By far the most expensive entree I ate in my many months in Vegas. Nevertheless, the leader of our group picked out two fish and ordered a bit of steak for the table as well. When the food finally came out - don't expect anything to occur quickly at Milos - there was just no flavor in anything. Both fish were as bland as could possibly be and there was still the occasional bone left in the fish. Are you kidding?! How can something so expensive have as much flavor as air and still have bones! Even the steak lacked flavor, but was at least cooked well.The one good bit of food all night was the octopus, the one thing that had any flavor.I can't emphasize enough how the food was utterly tasteless.Let me put it this way, for the amount the whole meal cost, we could have flown someone to Greece, sent them fishing, flown them back, and cooked the catch ourselves and then had a meal with actual taste.
3	Issue- no outside drinks... For a restaurant? Dude... they just wasted my mimosa I ordered at the tables downstairs. Good thing it was free.Nice decor. Stone walls combined with classical music. Stone and wood flooring. It is a combination of Greek and classical style. A unique hybrid.Three course meal for $22.13 comp'd by cosmo! Their reservation system was down so we got 100 dollars in credit for the inconvenience. The scallop appetizer was quite simple with clean flavors with the strong aroma of the grill. Pretty bland but the emphasis is on the aroma. Grilled octopus, was flavorful and strong. I don't normally eat octopus, but it was okay. Greek Meze plate was so-so.Three of us friends shared three main courses together. First was the Lavraki, a grilled Mediterranean bass. Tasted fresh from the sea! Colorado USDA prime lamb chops was my favorite of all three. Most flavorful and also most scarce. Shrimp saganaki had a tangy tomato flavor and worked well with the couscous.Dessert we got the fresh fruits of the season and the Greek yogurt. Fruits are just fruits, but the yogurt was fabulous.Really good customer service. Portioned off our fish for us at the table when we let them know we were sharing. Small portion sizes for each course and it filled my stomachache moderately by the end of the meal.
4	Wonderful dining experience, greek yogurt is probably the best i've ever had. Fresh food, amazing service, reasonably priced. Highly recommended!
1	This review is for my last experience. Octopus Best EVERTomato Salad incredible!Lamb Amazing!Zuchini nothing compares!Yogurt + Honey simple perfection!The other 5 things we ordered and shared were all great this was also my at least 10th visit here but my first time ordering a whole fish.Whatever else we had some of the freshest and best ingredients simply prepared to perfection.Service very good but definitely lacked the polish to be expected for the price point - but no big deal..Why one star? For a fish house and a 225.00 fish to feed 4 people was easily the worst fish I've ever had any restaurant in the world I've been to. Fish was Rutty, stringy, dry and flavorless. I made a huge mistake by not complaining, getting something else and alerting management. However, I was with company and did not want to make a scene. I actually think this is one of the best restaurants in town that is known for fish yet prepared us the worst fish I've ever eaten no exaggeration. I will definitely be back for everything else on the menu besides whole fish. Unless it's someone else's dime I will never risk 225 on a fish here again. I'd rather go try a fish special at denny's, ask the waiter to kick me in the balls and go give 215.00 to a bum than suffer through a Milos whole fish. Oh and yes fish is my favorite source of protein and I eat it everywhere.
5	When I think of Greek, I think of gyros and baklava.  I think most Americans don't think much of Greek food outside of gyros and baklavas, but my cabbie from the airpot was Greek and said I should check this place out or he'd dump me out in North Las Vegas and kill me and dump my body in the desert.  I started off at the bar and the bartender was very helpful with the wines which was all Greek to me.  Yes, I'm going to abuse that line many times in this review.  Most of the by-glass was Greek, and I told him what I usualy drank, Gallo, and he punched me in the face.  I told him I like Willamette Pinot and he offered me a taste of an Agiorgitiko that was almost a carbon copy of Willamette Pinot.  The guy knew his stuff.  Excellent bar service.  My date arrived and we hit the tables, literally, I was a bit drunk.  We were escorted to the fish display which is like one of those fish market displays with the fish in ice and the prices per pound, except these prices were much higher than I'm used to, even at Whole Foods.  We're talking $57/lbs and the like, but they fly them in fresh straight from the Mediterranean, so Fedex or DHL accounts for $10/lb or something like that.  They probably also get one of those EU VAT (Value Added Taxes) added on top of that.  Not the most environmental thing to do, express shipping fish from the Mediterranean, but this is the authentic Greek experience and well worth it.  The cabbie told me that the Greeks grill fish in a very special way.  The St. Pierre that we chose also known as a John Dory is a white, soft, mild tasting fish.  The sauce was light, so I ventured to ask for melted butter.  The waiter told me to leave immediately.  Actually, he politely informed me that the Greek do not like to overwhelm the taste of the meat with sauces like the French do, and I dunked my St. Pierre in butter and thanked him for the Anthony Bourdain lesson.  It tasted soooooo much better slathered in butter.  I'm not ashamed in the least.  We were in Vegas and we should do as the Vegans do, order A1 with a filet mignon, melted butter with a John Dory, American mustard with a bratwurst.  I actually went to Hofbrauhaus with friends earlier and one friend was annoyed they didn't have American mustard for his weiner.  Probably the best part of the meal was the dessert.  My date ordered a baklava.  She had never had baklava.  I always thought better of her, but if you haven't had baklava by your 30's, you obviously have lived a sheltered life.  I went out on a limb and ordered something I never heard of before, Galaktoboureko.  I couldn't pronounce it and just pointed to the item like I do at Chinese restaurants.  While the baklava was okay, we shared the Galaktoboureko and my date fell out of her chair.  I was highly impressed too.  I asked the waiter what it was again, and he said, "Galactic Bootie Call,"  It was a Galactic Bootie Call for my mouth.  When you look for fine dining, the typical American will pick some fancy steak house, French or Italian place.  I don't know why national cuisines seem to be categorized by price range.  I mean, nobody thinks of taking their date out to an expensive Ecuadorian or Kenyan restaurant.  I think it's racist.  The Italians aren't even rich people.  They were part of the EU PIGS, the countries that almost sank the entire EU economy during the Great Recession.  Dubai is one of the richest countries in the world, but you never hear of an expensive Dubai restaurant.  Americans are also some of the riches, but go to Europe or Asia and all they think of American cuisine is McDonalds and BBQ ribs or something.  If you want a change of pace from the old, boring, conventional French, Italian, steakhouse or even expensive sushi or now expensive tapas joint, check this place out and you will be pleasantly surprised.  We know the Greeks for their great philosophers and homo-erotic college organizations, but we forget, besides those boring gyro yogurt sandwiches, they do have great cuisine.
5	I think it goes without saying at this point, that for $22.13 (not including any upcharges for some items), this is possibly one of the best values in Vegas. It set a pretty high standard for itself, and hit the mark dead on, then while the mark was down on the floor, it kicked it a few times to ensure it hit it. Let's take it from the top.The restaurant is decorated in an elegant, somewhat minimalist manner. Nothing really screams greek about the place, and there's a huge fish display right infront of the kitchen area, with lots of ice and seafood. My girlfriend felt displays like this were a waste, but they actually come by the display and take fish off of it and into the kitchen.Starting with the appetizer, I instantly went for the octopus (+$10), while my girlfriend had the scallop. I noticed a number of reviews had stated the octopus was extremely tender - mine was actually not tender. It wasn't tough at all either, or rubbery. I think the texture could be described as dense, meaty octopus. I think I'd liken it to eating cheese (which sounds gross, but bear with me here), where your teeth cut through it slowly. The octopus itself was very flavorful as well. Definitely the winner of the lunch, and probably the best I've ever had. The scallop was grilled well, and not waterlogged or milky. My girlfriend didn't talk much while eating it, so you know she was enjoying it (ha).For our mains, my girlfriend had the lamb, and I had the grilled bass. The bass was simple, but expertly prepared. The capers were a welcome addition with a spot of acidity to balance out the olive oil, and I really didn't see many bones at all despite the waiter's warning. My girlfriend enjoyed her lamb, but didn't think it was the best she's ever had. She didn't touch the steak fries, but I loved them. This place makes some damn fine steak fries. Not mealy, but retains a sort of fluffiness that's not usually found in steak fries, with a crisp exterior.Dessert was pretty forgettable, to be honest. The yogurt was a step above the supermarket greek yogurt, but nothing to fawn over. The fresh fruit plate was... a fresh fruit plate. Both were lighter options as a finish to a "light" meal.We each made out at 33.13 before tax and tip, which we agreed was well worth the money for the quality of food you get here. I'd come back every time I'm in Vegas if they keep offering their prix-fixe lunch.
5	The best meal in Vegas!
4	We came here on a Wednesday evening for a pharmaceutical dinner where they served us family style on each table:1st course (family)- Mediterranean Speards - taramoasolata, htypiti, tzatziki2nd course (family)- Chef's selection of gilled appetizers - Mediterranean octopus, mushrooms, peppersMain course (choice)- I had the Lavraki - Grilled Mediterranean bass, Santorini capers - Seasonal vegetables Dessert course (family) - Walnut pie - kaimaki ice cream - Fresh fruits of the season Nice Welcoming introduction to the restaurant - Canada's most acclaimed fish and seafood restaurant- Suppliers are family owned from greek, morocco, tunisia, portugal, pensacola, florida and nova scotia to provide fresh, exceptional and environmentally sound fish and seafood- Vegetables, legumes, olives and fruits only from Mediterranean diet - Simple preparation to preserve the distinct flavors and nutritional values of their ingredients1st course - Spreads each had a unique taste. Great sweet and savory flavor with the bread and wines. 2nd course- The octopus was exquisite! Perfect texture. Mushrooms and peppers were a good compliment. Main course- The sea bass was excellent! Not overly seasoned with lemons and salts, fresh taste so that you can appreciate the quality of their seafood. minimal bones. Dessert course - Nice lightly sweetened pie. Service was excellent. The chef came to explain the history of the restaurant and explain the details of his work.. Multiple servers made things go smoothly. Wine glasses always filled. Left happy.
2	To begin-knew it was going to be expensive dinner, but was in Vegas for my sister's b-day.  Reservations made by our Hotel Concierge, who shared that info, tho did not know until we came and the hostess acknowledged it.  We  were immediately seated. Now mind you, been to Milo's in NY, (the waiter asked if we were familiar with the restaurant-said yes) so of course, expected the same service/food as NYC. Surprise, not a chance!  Service wasn't bad, but but far from excellent. Perhaps because we did not want to pick out our fish, the waiter was put off but we were fine with him doing it.  Ordered: Fried eggplant/yogurt good, have had better.  Med bass--did not do a good job de-boning, but had flavor-once you took the bones out of your mouth.  Did not ask if we wanted coffee or dessert.  When I asked for the check, the first waiter turned to my sister to wish her a happy b-day, when I paid, the other server acknowledged it.  You knew and did nothing to make it an experience?! Perhaps checking how the food or engaging us would also been nice  But since we were not there for a convention or other business reasons, (it was a week night, do not believe patrons were leisure travelers) perhaps they figured they'd never see us again. Told friends and colleagues our experience--and as one person said--Vegas makes its money on the hospitality industry, the people who work there just are not hospitable!  Did not find it in any of the other restaurants we ate at. But certainly did at Milo's!  And when we left, no one said good night or thanked us!Just a thought--don't take your guests for granted!
5	We came here last night for our friend's birthday.  We had reservations and were seated right away.  The birthday boy already warned us that it was going to be an expensive dinner, so I was prepared for that.  The waiter walked us to the fish and seafood display and explained each fish to us.  We ordered the crab legs and grilled octopus as appetizers.  The octopus was one of the best dishes I have ever had.  For dinner we had the milokopi baked in sea salt, grilled vegetables and the ribeye.  There was enough food for the six of us.  We also ordered the svigous and two chocolate sin desserts.  Most of the people in our group didn't like the svigous.  It wasn't bad, it was just unusual.  I loved the chocolate sin.  The service was excellent.  I love a well paced meal.  Because the fish is sea salt takes a bit longer to cook - it gave our group time to talk and celebrate.  Overall we loved the meal and the experience.  As a point of reference with drinks it came to $125 per person for a party of six.
3	We came here for my parents anniversary dinner.They sat us down immediately and gave us a tour of the "fish market"  whoa! $57/lb for a fish?!?!The menu was short and very expensive....I got the romaine salad and the dressing was so salty I had to send it back...the red pepper dip was good and thats all I had.My husband got the steak and enjoyed it.  He loved the FriesDad got the Lamb Chops...I had a bite and was pleasantly surprised.Mom got the warm lobster salad and she said it was a bit too salty as well.Service was just good. Glad I tried it but probably wont be back.
4	Mediterranean (and my 1900th review)I was looking for a healthy option in Las Vegas and looking at what was available in the Cosmopolitan (and checking with the bartender) I found my way up to Estiatorio Milos.I hit the bar first as there was a wait - I had no reservation - so had a cocktail in their very nice, but a little too brightly lit bar.  Bartender was very pleasant and made enough chit-chat to make the time go by.Scored a table and got down to the business of eating.  Since it was just me and I wasn't starving, I skipped the apps and went right for dinner.  I ordered the milokopi (baked in sea salt that is hand picked from the Island of Kythira) which was outstanding.  A side order of grilled veggies completed my meal and I could not have been happier.Very good wait staff and they even got me to have some Loukoumades and I rolled out of there fat and happy.Definitely the way to go if you are looking for something different - beware, it is not cheap though so leave the kiddies in the room.Give it a shot!
1	Service was rushed and unfriendly. First course was so salty it was unedible. The fresh fish was good But side dish that accompanied it I had to send back because it was also too salty. With so many good restaurants in Vegas I would say skip this one!!!
4	I came here for my birthday lunch with my mommy. I have been hearing and reading rave reviews for this place for ages so was thrilled to finally be able to try this place. We arrived at 12 on the dot and the restaurant was just starting to fill up. We were approached immediately by our waiter who took our drink orders and sent over some bread to our table. The bread bowl was pretty good.I was a little disappointed that a lot of the things I had been interested to try were out since they didn't get a new shipment of seafood, so I didn't get to try the octopus that everyone raves about. I was only bummed for a short time and decided on starting with the hummus plate, lobster pasta and Greek yogurt for dessert. My mom got salmon bagel, chicken and Greek yogurt for dessert. Everything was really great. I was happy with our choices for the most part. The dips were great and the Greek yogurt blew my mind, it was so tasty. I had heard a lot about the walnut cake, but they don't offer that on the lunch menu anymore. For lunch, this is the place to be and you could tell as they were very busy. Great deal and I can't wait to go back and hopefully try a few of the options that weren't available to us this time. Service was impeccable as well.
5	Milo's you are divine. We dined here for lunch which was to die for. The decor is clean and bright,the service impeccable,and the food,wow.  I am always anxious to try new things and the octopus was beckoning me. It was absolutely delicious! All in all a terrific value. Lunch prices are very reasonable for really high quality fresh food.
5	Everything is top notch - food, cocktails, service, decor, and of course the location in the Cosmpolitan.  I had the mezze platter, the mediterranean sea bass flown in from Greece apparently, and the baklava with ice cream.  All delectable. I also tried one of their cocktails (called Monk something) and it was absolutely delicious. It is expensive for sure, but worth the dining experience.  We went there for their lunch special (3 courses for $22, no dessert) and that is truly one of the best deals out there. We would definitely go back next time we're in Vegas!
4	Great authentic Greek food. I am Greek and it is hard to find good authentic Greek food outside of Greece, but this place is fantastic. Great octopus and fish selection. The waiter is actually your chef and he personally takes you on a tour of the restaurant and what fish they have to offer. Very classy place. It does get a little expensive but they have a great Lunch menu for only $22 dollars! You can even get a lot of items that are on the dinner menu for lunch, great deal. I recommend Milo's to anyone looking for great Greek food.
5	How does this place not get 5* from everyone?  Just beautiful restaurant.  Clean and light.  Functional.  Outdoor seating was a pleasant surprise.  Went for lunch.  Had the lunch special.  Can't get a Better deal in 90% of cities in America.  3 courses for $22.  I had big tomato salad, salmon and very tasty Greek yogurt for dessert.  Will eat here every time I'm in vegas.
5	The Cosmopolitan is gorgeous, and Milos is right up with it. The restaurant is classy and clean and beautiful. The service is excellent and the food is really good. We went for lunch and wow, I want to go for dinner. Their lunch is perfect, I had the bass and it was out of this world.  I really can't say enough nice things about this restaurant  so go and try it ;)
5	Lunch in Las Vegas does not have the power element like most other cities as everyone is on vacation! Milo's on the other hand has become my favorite new lunch restaurant to eat and be seen. With an amazing prefix menu this is the spot to be.
4	I've dined here a few times and the food is always delicious. I love the salmon tartare and the octopus. The salmon tartare is what keeps me coming back! The dips are a good value and great to share. The crab cakes are good, but very expensive for the portion size.
5	Definitely a five star dining experience. FOH staff very friendly and professional. Atmosphere is very cool an relaxing. After being greeting by the sommelier, you are taken on a tour of the seafood market, where you gives excellent choices different fish from around the world. We chose: Grilled octopus appetizer - nice texture, good flavoring.Sashimi Sampler- highlight of the entire meal, 3pcs of 4 diff fish.Greek Salad- veggies were very fresh.Fish Entree- there were so many fish choices, that I actually forgot what we ordered; it was a buttery and seasoned perfectly.Canadian Lobster: chosen from the market, while still alive and moving, it was extremely fresh to say the least. Overall, it was a great dining experience, I look forward to my next visit.
3	The food is amazing! Very pricey, but worth it. I love the atmosphere. The problem is the service. They were nice and friendly but beyond slow! We weren't even approached by our server to take our dinner order until over 25 minutes after we had received our drinks and bread. For two of us to eat, we were in the restaurant for over 2.5 hours. And this was not by choice, it was because that is how long it took for them to get everything to us and all we had were 2 drinks, a salad, and an entree (no desert). I would go back, for the food.
1	a very disorganized service. not given a menu after waiting 15 minutes on a non busy nite told i have to see the fish first. not explained you have to buy the whole fish so I settled on a limited choice as most  fish were quite large. then given the menu. the first fish wasnt  filleted as they promised I had to request a second time for the server to discuss the wine. It was all room temperature. nobody asked me how was it. I had 5 different waiters and never saw them a second time except the original rather bored server. What a pity as the seafood was a good quality. My family is in the restaurant business and for the over  100 dollar price for 2 dishes, potatoes and one glass of wine, I would have expected better. By contrast the service in the other restaurants in the cosmopolitan hotel were excellent service a good variety of dishes for a single person and outstanding service. I rated it  1star only because the quality of the fish was good.  otherwse it would get no stars.
4	I try to to stop by every chance I get, after a meeting or during at Cosmo. They have a delightful lunch special menu to please every taste, affordable for being on the strip. Great views if sitting at the. Balcony, fresh seafood and displays, the wine selection is a nice selection. Always order the grilled octopus and fried eggplant and zucchini. Thats what they are known for and a good reason why you should order them.
5	My new favorite restaurant in Vegas. We were able to get a reservation with short notice, the waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly and the food was fantastic!! The fried zucchini and octopus as starters were SO SO good! The Greek salad was very authentic and a was a big bowl of tomatoes. Big portions that are easy to share. Fish was So fresh !! Can't wait to go back next time I come to Vegas!!
5	I love this place. The lunch special is great but the grilled octopus is out of this world.   Sophisticated sides and stellar service make this a must go.
5	Awesome place! My friend who is basically a local now, brought us here for lunch.Let me start off with this tidbit, a 3-course lunch is only $23! How amazing is that?Now to make the deal even sweeter, the food is fantastic:Tomato Salad - clean, simple, and filling, fantastic flavors that really feature the ingredientsDiver Scallop Skewer - cooked to perfection and nicely seasonedLavraki (Mediterranean Bass) - perfectly cooked, the presentation was awesome since they debone the whole fish for you (I love this, since I hate dealing with fish bones)Lobster Pasta ($15 supplement) - wow this is a hefty plate of pasta with a generous portion of lobster, great clean flavorsGreek Yogurt - wow, this is the best Greek yogurt I have ever had, I just wish I had moreFruit - it's fruit... you can't screw it upService was great and the ambiance is beautiful. We will definitely be back!
2	The bread was served toasted and the reason why is because it was stale.  The crust was burned. On a good note the oil that was served with the bread was good and spicy. I ordered the sea scallop appetizer which was disappointing.  The bottom was charred and had a charcoal taste.   The couscous that was served with the scallop was very good. The Bass was very good but it was very disappointing how they prided themselves on deboning and there were zillions of bones.  When I mentioned the number of bones of the fish to the waiter he changed his tune about how perfect the deboning was and said what do you expect from a small fish they just have lots of bones in them. For dessert they only had a choice of yogurt or fresh fruit.  I ordered the fresh fruit and it was okay but a little bit on the boring side for a fancy restaurant. The waiter surprised us with a complimentary extra dessert of baklava this is probably the worst baklava I've ever had in my entire life. The entire center was dried out and was like concrete.  There's was hardly anything soaking in honey.
5	The sea food is out of this world. They have you choose a fresh fish and cook it right then and there for you. Grilled with a slight amount of oil, capers and lime. Wow!. Also had a chance to taste the filet Mignon. Incredible. Excellent wine selection. This place is a "must visit" if you are ever in Vegas. Highly recommended
4	This is a fun place for an epic meal!  Over a year ago, Eric R. and I came here for the $20.12 lunch, both getting suckered into the supplement (me for the octopus, him for the crab cake).  We thought it was good but figured dinner here would be out of reach.  Yesterday I get a call from him around 3 PM asking if I wanted to have dinner here with his uncle.  Both of us have a lot of really cool uncles who seem to visit Vegas often and treat us to nice dinners.  I would never turn this down!  Reservations were set for 8 which gave me plenty of time to run errands after work.We arrived fashionably at 8:04 and were seated immediately.  Four of us dined without abandon.  We all had cocktails - I tasted the cucumber-based "In the Know" and the apple one, but opted for the "Sticky Rice" with tanqueray, plum preserves, and jasmine syrup.  It sounded me-ish and it was delicious.  We were given grilled bread and a fruity olive oil to start.  Then the ordering commenced.  The server said due to the east coast weather, they were limited on types of fish and oysters and were out of the octopus (gasp) and sardines.  Bummer!First, we opted for apps only.  Eric R. and I shared the Raw bar tasting, which normally has 4 types of fish but due to this shortage it had 3.  It included bigeye tuna with YUZU kosho!!!, salmon with fresno chile and shallot, and some white fish that ended up being quite excellent considering I do not often get white fish sashimi.  I also ordered 3 oysters from Washington state, and we got the grilled shrimp app with endive salad.  The other guests ordered the mushroom side as an app and so I tried abalone, trumpet, and shiitakes and they were great of course.  Eric R. also got taramasalata which was nothing like any I have had before - the roe was not visible, and Eric thought it tasted and looked like hummus (to me the taste was closer to taramasalata) but they did not give us anything to eat it with for probably 20 minutes - we had to ask for bread from 3 different people, and it was the least interesting thing to eat on the table.Next, we ordered Greek salads - everyone spotted the beautiful Canadian (hah) tomatoes near the bar and the salads are just tomatoes, feta, cucumber, red onion, olive, and green pepper - no lettuce.  Eric R. and I split one and I ended up with leftovers for today which I am eating now, yum!  We ordered the whole opakapaka for the table prepared simply with olive oil and lemon and had the server split it tableside.  It was delicate and tasty, and I could only eat half.  I tried the fish cheek which was cool.For sides, we got chard, broccoli, roasted beets, and sweet onions.  I was the only beet eater so I got to take those home too.  The rest of the sides were okay.  No room for dessert!  Because I am local, I am fortunate enough to take the delicious extra food home which I am sure many tourists do not do.  This meal was delicious from start to finish which service pretty personable throughout.  The sticky rice cocktail was also excellent.If I return, I still would get octopus if it were available again.  This was likely a once-in-a-lifetime experience for me, so I am glad it was delicious, fun, and with generous family!
1	Hands down--worst experience in Vegas. Never have I been this disappointed in a Vegas restaurant.Was it because we didn't order wine (our bill wasn't going to be high enough)?Was it because we were the only Asians dining at this restaurant at dinner time? My husband and I have been regulars at the Cosmopolitan Hotel for almost 2 years now (we are here every 4-8 weeks) because it's dog-friendly. We come here and easily drop $$$$ on food and we were so disappointed on how this restaurant ignored us for an hour.  No exaggeration. I looked at my watch.WE WALKED OUT WITHOUT EATING OUR FOOD BECAUSE WE NEVER GOT IT....AFTER OVER ONE HOUR.We made reservations for 8:30pm. Despite other empty tables throughout the restaurant, we were seated at the worst table next to the hostess stand.We were not given menus. (What?!?)We had to wait at least 10-15 mins to finally get someone's attention to get us a menu.The server....where was he? No clue. He didn't even come to our table till TWENTY MINUTES AFTER WE SAT DOWN.Everything I wanted to order ran out, including lobster and octopus -- I told you spend money on food in Vegas.  (This is our second time here. Last time, half of the menu items had also run out at dinner time.)We never got our meal. No, seriously. We never got dinner!!!Our server didn't even check up on the kitchen to see if our order was in....turned out that it never made it to the kitchen. Can you believe it? How does that even happen?When we got angry and stood up to complain to one of the managers, he went to check on the kitchen.....yup, our dinner was no where on their radar. We then complained to the general manager. He was hardly empathetic.  WE ARE NEVER EVER EVER EVER SPENDING OUR MONEY AT THIS RESTAURANT. My easy going husband has never walked out of a restaurant. In fact, I'd have to say that this is a first for us.GO TO STK. In terms of food & service on the third floor, STK Is the winner.
5	My husband and I recently did two nights of tapas crawling on our recent trip to Vegas. See, we had to solve our "too many restaurants, not enough goddamn time" problem somehow, so we just snagged a small plate or two from a few different restaurants. AMAZING. Milos was so good that it ended up on our crawl both days. The first night we cozied up to the bar (I just love cozying) and got a plate of grilled octopus and a couple of Greek whites. Neither of us know a lot about Greek wine so we had a lot of questions for the bartender, and she was super helpful and let us try her two favorites before we got a full glass of something. And that octopus was something divine, people. Octopus is one of those things that is close to perfection if done right, but horrible if not done wrong. This was 100% in the former category: super fresh, grilled, and seasoned just slightly with olive oil, etc. When your seafood is this good, there's not much you have to do. And that's what brought us back our second night. It was near the end of the crawl and what did we want? Some of the freshest seafood on the Strip. So we went back, sampled a different Greek white, and had the tasting of raw fish: salmon, tuna, sea bass, and one more white fish whose name I can't remember (booze, sorry). Again, the freshness is the star here, with just some light seasoning. The prices are expensive here, even for Vegas. I guess they have to make up for that super reasonable lunch special all of you are talking about somehow. But, you know, for the experience, for my wonderful night, for THE FOOD, it was so worth it.
5	LAVRAKI, LAVRAKI, LAVRAKI ! The fish is as tasty as I've ever eaten! AMAZING food for the (23$ Lunch) price ! I'd avoid the extra priced items and the wine (unless you want to pay 18+ for a glass.)Milos is on our definitely going back to a second or third time on next Vegas trip.  We were going to try and come back before our flight, but they don't open until noon (reservation recommended @noon)
4	Best lunch deal in Vegas bar none...Restaurant is located on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan HotelThree courses for $22.31(As of 2013)We have been going here since it opened and prices have bumped up from $19 the first year it opened.As a starter we have had...-Tomato salad(Always ripe and juicy with cucumber ..Very fresh and tasty)-Diver scallops ..its still good but this year it is one skewer with about 2/3 small scallops and grilled vegetables.-Smoked Salmon(Very standard..just ok)-Grilled octopus..This used to be a must get. With big chunky pieces of octopus. Now its much smaller pieces of octopus but still very good. (This is a supplemental dish and will cost an additional $15)Main dish-Lavraki (European sea bass)...This is a must get. Cooked to perfection with sprinkles of sea salt. Splash on some lemon and you are good to go. Just be careful of the tiny fsh bones. If you like-Lamb Chop..Tasty..very tender and cooked perfectly. The sleeper entree.-Salmon...Its salmon and you can get this anywhere...Had my buds and its was OK...-Lobster Pasta..Worth the supplemental $15. Pasta is al dente and cooked to perfectly and pipping out. Lobster chunks are meaty and sweet. Very very good dish.Dessert-Greek Yogurt..Very good. -Mixed Fruit..Just Ok...This is a must stop every time we are in Vegas.Would recommend you try this place out...We have had dinner here as well but prices jump up significantly.
2	The setting is very nice. The fish presentation makes your eyes pop. We had the sea salt crusted "sea bass of the med" it  literally melted in my mouth. We also had the fish roe app, it looked like humus but tasted awesome. The reason for the low rating is because we went here for the octopus. Supposedly it's the best in town, it's not. We sent it back, the meat was very tough. The server came back and told us it was 86'd because other guests returned it as well. They didn't offer us anything else in its place. No other app, no free drink, no dessert. I think they handled it very poorly, I felt snubbed. We did order dessert, and it was ok. I'm not sure I will go back. The food was very delicious, for the most part, but if something is not to satisfaction they are not going to do anything to make up for it. Even though the food was admittedly their fault, they made us feel guilty for returning it. I can't justify spending 300$ for that low level of service.
5	Pricey, but the best seafood  restaurant  I have ever experienced. Has that wow factor, especially the way they take you from your table and give you a tour of the available seafood on ice before you order. Best Branzino any of us in our party of four had ever had.
3	We were a little peeved that despite having reservations, they tried to seat us at the absolutely worst table in the restaurant.  Really?!  We refused the table and were moved to a much nicer table with a view of the kitchen action.  Better, but we were still grumbling - its not like we were dressed in t-shirt and shorts like the guy sitting next to us.   The lunch deal is now $22.14, but still a deal.  Don't ask for a refill on your coffee, I asked for just a half cup more (to cut the dryness and over-sweetness of their walnut cake - which at $16 was over-priced and under-delicious)  and was charged an additional $4.50.   The grilled octopus, meze and grilled whole fish were good, but not on point as they used to be.  OK meal - but not up to expectations.
5	The three course lunch offerings brought myself and 6 coworkers here to dine. The first thing worth mentioning is the spectacular decor of this restaurant. It truly is breathtaking. The food comes in small portions like a lot of higher end restaurants. The octopus salad was a standout appetizer. I could taste the rustic charred grill flavor and relish in the precise consistency of the texture it was cooked to. It was slightly more well done than sashimi, but not so much that it was rubbery. It was quite simply spectacular with the understated drizzle of olive oil, capers and lemon that accompanied it. The Lavraki was nicely displayed with head and tail intact, which was nice since i was able to try the collar meat. It had a mildly sweet flavor, my only complaint would be having to pick out the bones in the body. The yogurt dessert was magnificently creamy and perfectly offset by the sweet strawberry syrup that topped it. Our server was attentive as well as the rest of the wait staff working our table. I might add they have a plethora of good looking waiters!
1	One of the worst dining experiences ever and I didn't even get to eat my food.We were staying at the Cosmo and walked in around 8pm on Christmas eve. I had a friend visiting from another country and we wanted to have relatively nice dinner. Unfortunately, most of the high-end restaurants were completely booked.Service was rather slow. The waiter finally took our order around 825pm and he wasn't necessarily friendly. I usually don't like seafood but upon strong recommendation from our waiter, I decided on the least fishy (?) fish they had on display. Our appetizer came out shortly but we kept waiting for our food forever. I started getting worried because we had a show to attend afterwards. Around 9pm, our waiter came and told us our food would arrive in 10 min. After 15min or so, our waiter brought my friend fish but not mine. He was unapologetic (I don't think any apology came out of his mouth and even if it did, it was not sincere) and told me that the kitchen lost my fish and perhaps I should share my friend's dish. Umm. what? I don't eat seafood much so I declined. And what kind of solution is that? Then our side dish came and it was a wrong order... We were cutting it so close to our show time that I just told him to bring a check. I was irritated but still fine at this point since I didn't have high expectation for seafood. The waiter talked to the manager and comped our wine (2 glasses). The waiter was super cold and aloof at this point becase he probably didn't want to deal with potential angry customers.We left the restaurant and while I was waiting for my friend to use a bathroom, the whole experience started to piss me off. So I walked into the restaurant again and asked for a manager. The first thing he sad was "But we comped your wine." And he said it with "what more do you want?" kind of attitude. First of all, you made me miss Christmas dinner/sit through 90 min show hungry and thought that I would be happy with free 2 glasses of wine? But I didn't need more comps. I told him that we owed what we ate and would gladly pay. All I wanted was for someone to take accountability and at least give us a sincere apology. Once the problem/mistakes started, it was obvious that they wanted us out. The manager repeated exactly what I said like he was reading phrases off of a manual with such nasty attitude. At this point, I thought it was pointless. I decided to take the high road and just walked away.Milos ruined my Christmas eve and I would never return. I hope that the management hires someone with more common sense who can at least treat customers with some respect.
5	Brought clients in and celebrated securing a major hotel remodel project on the strip. I made it a point to make reservations ahead of time since it was a Thursday and Milos lunch is popular.We decided to get three different appetizers and share them between the three of us.They were: Grilled Octopus -sashimi quality Mediterranean octopus, charcoal-broiled,Greek Meze Plate - Tarama, Tzatziki, Htipiti, manouri cheese, olives & cherry tomatoes and the fresh Maryland Lump Crab Cake. Two of the three had a $10.00 up charge but they were all delicious and worth the extra money. For my main entree I chose the Lavraki - grilled Mediterranean bass cooked perfectly with a sauce and capers. The fish was whole and so moist and fresh. Lastly I had the Greek Yogurt which ended my fabulous meal. My clients were just as pleased with their meals as myself and everyone was satisfied. I'm so glad I chose Estiatorio Milos for lunch and would suggest this restaurant for a business power luncheon or for lunch with friends or family.
5	A friend took me here for a nice brunch while I was in town and waiting for the boyfriend to finish up his business meeting. We opted in for the pre-fixed meal and everything was made so beautifully and nothing less than delicious!The staff were very professional and I really appreciate that because I hate going to nice places only to be treated like crap because I'm younger than their average dine-in age group and they think we will just order cheap stuff and leave. Sorry guys but a girl's gotta eat!Felt a bit underdressed once I was there but I mean it was brunch and I was not fully awake yet to care about how I look like to strangers when my stomach is telling me to get my ass over there for some yummies!
5	By far...the best lunch I have EVER had in Vegas. I go to Vegas at least annually. Just found this place on Yelp, and decided to try it. Way to go Yelpers!! I had the lunch special which consisted of the tomato salad, grilled bass, and Greek yogurt with strawberry puree. I wish this place was in California. The tomato salad was super fresh, and had GREAT flavor. I am not a fan of tomatoes or salads, but this was a showstopper. The bass was cooked perfectly and the addition of the capers made it utterly delectable. The Greek yogurt was the best quality yogurt I have ever had. I typically do not eat strawberries (I know I am a weirdo like that), and I was scraping the glass to the last drop. I would have licked it clean...it was THAT good.
5	Price fixe lunch at Milos - three courses for just over $20, and you can add a wine pairing for $16.  Some selections have an up charge, and they are well worth it.The room is beautiful!  It's open but still feels cozy.  I like the varying levels of the walkways to the tables, the dark wood ceiling beams, and light stone on the pillars.  We offered a choice of sitting outside on the patio or inside.  The patio was a just a bit too chilly, so we opted for inside.I started with the Greek plate of tzatziki, cheese, kalamata olive, cherry tomato, tamara, and pita bread.  I was hesitant of the tamara, since it's made with fish roe, but it was by no means fishy and was really pleasant, especially when combined with a caper.  The tzatziki was wonderful!  Smooth, with just a hint of garlic and small diced cucumber as well as cucumber served on the side.  The meze plate was served with a chardonnay, and it paired nicely with the dips and pita bread.For my second course I chose the lamb chops (extra $10) served with broccoli and french fries.  They were incredibly tender, juicy, seasoned perfectly and everyone at the table loved them.  The broccoli and the french fries were a nice surprise - a very delicate taste to the broccoli (was it a hint of lemon? If so, it was so light that it was a beautiful complement without overpowering) and perfectly cooked french fries also with a delicate sprinkle of herb (perhaps thyme?).  This course was served was a Greek Merlot.  That was fun!  I've never had a Greek Merlot, and it paired nicely with the lamb.For dessert I chose the Greek yogurt services with raspberries and a slight drizzle of raspberry sauce.  I was expecting a bitter taste, but it instead had a kiss, just a hint, of sweetness.Beautiful setting, very good food, and service was what I expected.  Nicely done!
5	Milos epitomizes excellence in the restaurant biz. The space is beautiful, the service is terrific, and the food is outstanding. The prix-fixe lunch is a great deal. For about $20, you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I chose the Greek meze plate for my first course so that I could try all the different spreads. All of them were very good, and the pita served with them was nice and warm. The tomato salad is also excellent. For my entree, I got the whole lavraki, and that was the star of the meal. It's perfectly cooked, and served with a simple lemon wedge and steamed vegetables. For dessert I had the "real Greek yogurt," and it was definitely the best yogurt I've ever tasted. The whole experience was top-notch and I wouldn't hesitate to return to Milos next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Prix fixe lunch with Mediterranean bass, smoked salmon bagel and a dessert of Greek Yogurt.The temperature contrast and ingredient freshness of the bagel sandwich was superb, and I daresay the Yogurt was the best yogurt I've ever had, though the creaminess no doubt comes with a caloric curse.The bass was succulent and flavourful, but not exceptional.  Perhaps most amazing was the decor - a melange of Mediterranean themes with sunbleached tones for the irregular brick-work, and many bits of shoreline art results in a very resortlike, beach-side feel for a decidedly inland city.
2	I do not normally write reviews but I am so mind blogged about what happened last night that I have to write this.  (Pros: The Greek Salad and The Milo Special.)The Greek Salad: It was surprisingly great! It was a mixture of tomatoes, cucumbers, peppers and onions, that was accompanied by feta cheese and dressed with a vinaigrette. It was very delicious, if you like the tomatoes. If you don't, I would skip it. The Milo Special:  At least this is what I think it is called. It was zucchini and eggplant that was lightly fried and had a yogurt dipping with it. That was the highlight of the night. (Meh: The Calamari and The Wine)The Calamari: It was a little chewy. I didn't really care for it. The Wine: It was sweet, but I could stomach it. (Cons: The Service/Staff and The Fish, The Atmosphere, and The Steak Fries)Let's Start with the food: The Fish was okay. It was basically red snapper with capers, lemon, and olive oil. It was okay, but I had better. It would be in the meh section, but it was 200 dollars. For 200 dollar fish, it better knock my socks off. Also,  it had bones in it. The steak fries were awful. There was no seasoning or anything there and they were soggy. The atmosphere: It was was so loud in this place. I couldn't hear anything. We had a large party and couldn't hear half of the conversation. It was very loud. The service and staff: They were slow. We arrived at 7:30 didn't leave until 11 or so. Plus, when I asked them to explain a few items on the menu they couldn't adequately explain things to me. (that is if you can hear anything in this place) They are also business people. They like to deceive you here.  We asked for water, they bring us bottled water that they charge 8 dollars a pop for. We asked for fish, they tell us that it can't feed a group of our size, and adds lamb, which is another 200 dollars. (I didn't eat the lamb that is why is it not on here). Its not the prices that were the problem, it was the fact that they deceived us and ranked up the bill. We had eight people and they added 18 percent gratitude on the bill which is probably why he was making a lot of the suggestions.  I rather you be upfront with me about the prices and let me make the choice if I wanted to eat there or not. This is the type of thing that is admired there, and it is a shame. I will not be dining there anymore. But needless to say, we were blindsided by the bill and took about 30 minutes to figure out, which they complained about. It was ridiculous. Never again will I eat there for some mediocre fish.  I had better fish for a 1/20 of that price. Real disappointment.
2	Wasn't impressed. Our fish was not fresh. Too expensive for the food they put out. Different and good experience, but not worth the 250 bucks for two people.
5	This is hands down the best lunch deal on the Strip for a nice meal.  Although it is easy to get sucked in by paying a little extra for drinks or some of the more expensive add-ons.  But trust me ... the normal entrees are still great.  You don't leave feeling completely stuffed, but it's a perfectly filling meal.As of 2014, you pay 22.14 for a three course meal (it used to be 20.13 in keeping with the year ... guess they had to bump the price).  One starter, one entree, and a light dessert (fruit or greek yogurt martini).Don't miss it.  Everything is really fresh and tastes great.  It's one of our go-to places when we visit.
5	After hearing wonderful reviews about their lunch special from BFF and yelper Amelinda L., the opportunity to dine there came up recently with her and Sharon L. Their lunch menu, which is priced beautifully at $22.14, features a tasting of seafood that allows you to close your eyes and really visit the mediterranean, even if it's just for a couple hours. APPETIZER:For a starter, it was HIGHLY recommended to get the Grilled Octopus, which is composed of sashimi grade imported Mediterranean octopus, which has been charcoil broiled with what appears to be an amazing, fruity, olive oil. This dish DOES have a $10 supplement. Dishes with supplements are a tossup for me. Sometimes it's a win, while others can be a joke. This one is the former - WELL worth it. Amelinda L. joked that she could eat a whole plate of it and although I believed her, after I tried it, I began echoing her sentiment. Truly delicious. I think that what made it so delicious was really the quality of the seafood, and the preparation just made it shine. THE MAIN:My main course choice was also recommended to me - the Shrimp Saganaki with tomato and feta cous cous. The flavoring of the Shrimp was so flavorful and perfectly cooked, allowing for the tenderness of the protein to really compliment the flavors. The cous cous was simply bursting with that earthy, rustic flavor with the feta and tomato, and was an amazing compliment. I just wished there were more of it!DESSERT:Lastly, I had The Real Greek Yogurt for the dessert. If you love true Greek yogurt - the thickly textured stuff, that's tart and makes your mouth pucker a bit -- then this is for you. A lot of people enjoy Fage and Oikos greek yogurt, but that's on the sweeter side. This is a little more tart but I love it. My recommendation for you if you prefer something on the sweeter side is to get the fresh fruit plate, which Amelinda L. got. It contained a really fresh mix of fruit that was beautifully prepared (with the exception of what looked like a peeled Cutie - just seemed like there could have been a little more effort there - ha!). Sharon L. got the greek yogurt like me and she found it too tart. DRINK: I ordered a jasmine tea, which was strong and allowed for two brews, which they kindly accomodated. The service was top notch, and the environment simply amazing. There's a display of fresh fish on ice towards the kitchen, which was semi-open (but not loud at all) and the view from the windows were lovely. I'd recommend this as a great choice for locals and visitors alike. The quality of the food for the price is superb. There's an Estiatorio Milos in New York, which I hope to try soon.
5	My new favorite lunch place in Vegas! I've visited Milos in Greece and New York and am so excited that there is now one in LV. They offer a set lunch for $22. You get the choice of several appetizers, a few different mains and dessert. We ended doing one set lunch and ordering the Milos special, a must when at any Milos! It's lightly fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki and fried Greek cheese. OMG, I could eat this all day long. Plus their tzatziki is like yogurt of the gods. It's super thick and filled with cucumbers. For the set lunch, we ended paying a lot of supplemental charges for the octopus and the lobster spaghetti but it was worth it. I think next time I'd do the dips to start instead of the octopus, but regardless everything was wonderful. The atmosphere is bright, with some seating outside, which is so lovely for lunch. I hate feeling like you are in the basement of a casino for lunch and that is not the case at Milos. Dessert was some of that thick Greek yogurt with strawberry puree. We licked the bowl. You get the picture. Have you booked a table yet?!
5	One of my favorite spots on the strip for lunch. Service is excellent and when the weather is nice the patio is a great spot.
3	Really they need to take a trip to Greece!  Greek food my ass, pricey high faluting food yes!!!
4	What a great restaurant!  We were looking for a snack in the mid afternoon, which is near impossible at The Cosmopolitan.  We sat at the bar and got the bar menu.  Essentially, very small bites of greek things.  We had mini-gyros, lamb skewers, calamari, and some amazing Greek Savignon Blanc.  The little bites were amazingly flavorful and the perfect amount of food.  Even for a quick bite, we'll be back.  Very friendly bar staff.
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants in New York and so of course we needed to visit Milos.It did not disappoint, all was delicious, the special zucchini appetizer with the tzatziki was amazing and we even offered to share it with our neighbors as we didn't want to eat the entire thing. The Greek salad is insane with only olive oil, wow!We shared a Branzino and it was just amazing. Get there ASAP!
3	The food is very good, but the value for money is very low. Expect to pay around 60$ per main course and at least 15$ per cocktail. Roughly 100$ per person, a the lowest end! Very expensive for the quality of food. Could find better deals in Vegas for sure.
5	Best Greek restaurant in Vegas The sea food is out of this world. They have you choose a fresh fish and cook it right then and there for you. Grilled with a slight amount of oil, capers and lime. Wow!. Also had a chance to taste the filet Mignon. Incredible. Excellent wine selection. This place is a "must visit" if you are ever in Vegas. Highly recommended
5	Very good food and and unique presentation. You can actually pick out your fish and they will cook it at the table. That was cool and it tasted lovely. A must try if your in the area. Will be back again soon!!
1	Let me start off by saying my favorite yelper Melanie A just gave this place 3 stars. I'm going with 1 star, I was going to go 2 stars but then she reminded me about the nasty attitudes at the front desk.  I walk in and give everybody a nice big friendly hello and get the nastiest looks with not 1 hello back from any of the 3 hostesses. Just a curt follow me from one of them.Strike one.Next we sit down in loud drafty room with more attitude from our waiter.Now before I go any further let me preface what I'm about to say with the fact that I have been to the original Milos in Montreal and the Milos in Manhattan, both were great dinning experiences but I don't know what this place is! It's more like a Myli's than a Milos!!I love octopus and eat it all over the world and have never paid $32.00 for octopus of any size. This was an appetizer which came out COLD,  we sent it back. Second octopus was inedible chewy as rubber, possibly the worst octopus of my life.Next we order the fish tasting appetizer.  Very good to excellent but at 82.00 for 16 pieces of sashimi that they should serve with a pair of tweezers and surgical magnifying glasses so u can see and properly handle the tiniest pieces of fish u can imagine.Bread and olive oil r great. Greek salad was pathetic with mushy tomatoes, one olive, yes one olive in a salad for two. Feta was of poor quality also. So bad I refuse to classify it as Greek! It was left half uneaten. We didn't want to send another dish back to appear like nasty tourists so we just left it on the table.We go pick out our fish, a Greek snapper of some sort. Came out dry as sawdust!  That went back. We had no choice it could not be swallowed with out risk of solidifying in your throat like some cemeticious  marine leak stopper that u slap in a hole instantly stop leaking water coming out of it.  Well at this point no employee of Milos restaurant is talking to us. Just nasty looks and attitude.We order Dover sole and that were the only words spoken. Icy silence from the staff.  No inkling of anybody coming over to say we're sorry your extremely outrageously expensive dinner is sucking so far.Dover sole came out and it was good but no where worth the price of admission. When we were done with the fish we sat there forever it seemed like we were in Quarantine with the H1N1 virus!Finally ordered coffee and no mention of coffee on the house for your miserable dinning experience, I am giving this a DANGER DANGER WILL ROBINSON warning.AVOID AVOID AVOID. Go put your money on Red or Black you'll get more enjoyment out of it then you will here.
4	Very good food. Just not too vegetarian friendly.  Had to make them bend over backwards to accommodate me.  Ate here lunch and dinner as well as a reception.  Food was very rich as were the guests.  Still liked it but the vegetarian cost them a star.
4	Wow, for $22.14/person, you can get one of the best lunches in Sin City. At three courses - great, hearty app and mains - the meal is more of an early dinner than light lunch, which is exactly what we did.I had the Greek meze plate as my starter and the chicken skewer as the main. My wife had the tomato salad to start and the shrimp and cous cous for her main. We split our desserts, ordering one of each (yogurt and fresh berries.) All of our items were absolutely phenomenal; rich with flavor and presented in a classy, beautiful way. Our deserts ended the late afternoon on a pleasant note - flavorful but not heavy.I docked a star for service.... the front receptionists were cold and our server was absent for half our meal; only to be replaced by someone else who we had to flag down for the bill. If service was tweaked, it'd be five stars from me. That said, I'd definitely go back for the lunch special. There's plenty to try!
5	Great and amazing place to go with cute frienfs for lunch..they have very fresh fish so yummy
1	The food was great - the rest left a lot to be desired.  My mom sat in a chair which had a bad cushion (I switched with her) and the snootiness we got when we asked for a better chair was disgusting.  It seemed like we were always waiting; for bread, for appetizers; for entrees.  Most good restaurants seem to time their service - Not this one.  We only saw our waiter when he took our order and then it was a bunch of different assistants who couldn't be bothered with us.  When the bread was delivered the nice looking olive oil was removed from our table to give to another table so we weren't allowed to enjoy it.  The little touches you expect with a $750 tab were skipped.  What bothered me the most was before we had barely finished dessert we were invited to the bar (with 2 -16 year olds) because they wanted the table because the restaurant was backed up.
1	I just received THE WORST SERVICE I've ever had in my life.  Let me paint you the picture...I've been here a couple times with excellent service, friendly staff, and efficient food courses....as well as good food. Today, I noticed a HUGE difference in just receiving my WATER and BREAD.The bread was almost FINISHED before I received water...nothing to drink.  It was also almost finished by the time my order was TAKEN.  And no, we weren't starving...it just took that long.  I'd estimate about 12-15min.There was a HUGE difference of time between my first course and the entree.  So bad, that I noticed THREE OTHER TABLES (that arrived after me and ordered afterwards) receive their food before me!!!This wouldn't be a huge deal if it wasn't for the fact that I had to get a MANAGER involved, and I STILL didn't have my food until they were almost FINISHED with theirs.  One of the three tables actually WAS finished with their food.  And I think most of these tables had the SAME SERVER!!!Because my lunch was now taking almost 1.5-2hrs before I have received my entree, I ask the manager to bring my dessert WITH my entree, since I wouldn't have enough time to finish my meal.BEST PART :  While we are STILL waiting for our entrees to arrive, the server actually comes over to us, and asks how everything was....ARE YOU SERIOUS???  How can you be that HORRIBLE at your job, to NOT realize that you didn't even bring us 2 out of 3 COURSES and think we are FINISHED???  When I complain to her, she asks if I already talked to a manager...then brushes us off.  I am seriously considering walking out!!!The food finally comes in hand via the manager.  My Lobster Pasta (which I've had twice here before now) was a bit undercooked (noodles).  I mention it to the waitress, and I left a pile of noodles on the plate when I was finished.  Pretty sure it goes to deaf ear.When I don't get checked on via the manager, I just ask for the check and some water to finally be refilled.  She brings over the water and takes a while to get my check.  NOW I AM STEAMING...I WANNA LEAVE THIS PLACE!!!I follow her to the damn kiosk to print my check, write a big fat $0 on the tip line (PROUDLY) and write in huge print "THIS WAS THE WORST SERVICE I'VE EVER RECEIVED."  I've NEVER stiffed anyone in my entire life...not even a valet bringing a friend's car down...you're still gonna get money outta me.  But I could not FATHOM giving this DISAPPOINTMENT a dime of my money.  I dropped almost $100 for lunch for two with ice water to drink...I am not sitting at a Dennys at 3am!!!I wait for the same manager to finish talking to another group that was ALSO COMPLAINING, and hand him the checkbook with written note and walk away.  Good luck.
3	Definitely did not live up to the hype. The service is slow and waiters are very unattentive.The sea bass had good flavor but watch out for the bones. I probably picked out 10-15 bones while eating... Made the meal less enjoyable as I had to diligently make sure I wasn't about to swallow a bone. The crab cake appetizer had a lot of crab in it but lacked flavor. My favorite item was probably the yogurt. Very creamy and fresh... Probably the best yogurt I've ever had.
3	Went here for a bridal shower I planned for one of my closest friends. When we first walked in we were impressed with the ambiance. Definitely looked high class and classy atmosphere. The manager gave us a semi secluded room on the side. Nice of him. I am not going to lie, the food was delicious. We ordered from the pre-set menu which was a steal, but they took off the walnut cake which we were all looking forward to. The reason why I gave it a 3 (maybe a 2) was the wait time. We waited 1.5 hours for our food. We made reservations at 11:30 and had a spa appointment at 2:30 nearby. I thought that would be plenty of time, but it turns out we were all late!
5	I used yelp to find this place when I was in Vegas for New Years.  Everything we ordered was amazing!  I will definitely eat there again when I go back to Vegas.  Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas right now.
5	Fantastic continental European restaurant!!!  The prix fixe lunch is unbeatable.  Very sophisticated Mediterranean fare.  The sea bass, kebobs, scallop, and salads were all delicious.  Service was great, the manager is a lil lame but our server was just fine.  The restaurant itself was gorgeous.
5	I have eaten at the Milos in New York and numerous times at this one (Vegas). It is in the Cosmopolitan and it is simply top notch. It is expensive . . . no doubt about that. I feel bad recommending it to my friends because of this . . . but there is a certain combination that is simply among the best food that I have every eaten anywhere in the world. And that is saying a lot. I have eaten at some of the best restaurants around. Ok, here is the absolutely no-risk lineup:  First, skip the table bread. It is nothing special and you do NOT want to get filled up with bread. Second, order the Milos Special. Unbelievable. This easily serves 3-4 at the table. It is reminiscent of chips and dip BUT blessed by the Greek Gods. Savory fried zucchini and eggplant chisp with with tzatziki and a fried Greek cheese. You cannot stop eating it. Truly fantastic. Third, order the Greek Salad. Sounds fairly pedestrian. It is not. It is exquisite. I don't know how else to describe it. Las Vegas weekly calls it "simple perfection" and I cannot disagree. I promise you that you will rave about it. My wife and I split it because we have more menu items coming. Fourth, order the lamb. People call us crazy when we do that. Milos is, after all, known for their remarkable seafood. And we have eaten widely and happily among the seafood selection until . . . blam, we tried the lamb one day. Heaven. Since that moment, we have never ordered another main entre. And everyone I have cajoled and begged into trying it has blessed my name forever more. It is the most succulent cut of meat that you can eat. Perfectly seasoned bliss. Every bite. It is impossible to oversell the thing.  Finally, if you have sat for awhile and have some room for dessert: I recommend "The Real Greek Yogurt" selection. It is not for everyone. It is a wonderful heavy and tart Greek Yogurt offset with honey and walnuts. The contrasting flavors is delicious to me. But not everyone is overcome like I am with it. And, honestly, none of the desserts on the same scale as the three items I recommend above. In summary, I swear to you that if you order: (1) Milos Special; (2) Greek Salad and (3) Lamb, you will have one of the best dinners you have ever had in your life. I have made that same boast to several friends and family members when we have gone there and when the dust cleared, they all agreed with me. It is something to rave about.
5	Now this is what I'm talking about. Great restaurant inside the Cosmopolitan. The lunch menu is a must for a gourmet/ fantastic 3 course meal on a budget. I'll have to try dinner next. Had the crab cake, lobster spaghetti, and the real Greek yogurt dessert. Everything was awesome. After being disappointed with STK, this place brought it back!
5	I am absolutely in love with this restaurant. Dinner is very pricey so I always go for the lunch special which is the best deal in town. You can't beat 3 delicious courses for $23! The food is so fresh and delicious. The tomato salad is perfection and the lavraki is always so light and grilled perfectly! The Grilled Octopus is to die for and of course the Gardener cocktail is a must! I always take people here from out of town and they fall in love. Service can be slow and inattentive depending on who you get which is unfortunate but I always see past it given how amazing and fresh the food is!! This is a don't miss!!!
2	My wife and I have been going to Milo's in NYC for years and we've eaten at this Vegas location for the last couple years.  But after eating there last night, I think they've lost their minds with their prices and what you get for the price.Their menu has been reduced significantly.  We ordered the Big Eye Tuna sashimi for around $35 and got 4 small pieces of fish.  The tomato salad was $31 and it was delicious, but seriously, $31 for tomato's??We love the bartenders at this location and the service at the bar is always good, but it certainly appeared that this location is on it's way out.  Really unfortunate, used to be a great place and we always looked forward to eating here.  Let's hope NYC is still the same
3	Great service and good food.  Octopus is awesome and their oysters are fresh.  Look out for some of their specials, not what their cracked up to be.  Had a monkfish that I had to send back but they changed out for a decent lamb, and made me feel good about it.  Great wine selection!
3	At Milos, with their lunch deal, you can get an appetizer, main course, and dessert for $22.14. The food is good, but when it's busy, the service can feel a little rushed. It almost feels like you're being rushed to leave... however, the grilled octopus and lamb make up for what lacked in service. Definitely would recommend this place to check out as a little higher end casual dining experience for a Vegas sit-down lunch affair
4	The lunch deal was great. It's hard to find a reasonably priced, lovely lunch in Vegas. I feel like here we actually got our money worth.  Sitting on the patio was fun.
4	Pretty much every Cosmopolitan restaurant I have been to has not disappointed and the same goes for Estiatorio Milos.  We came here for lunch on our last day in Vegas and luckily got in right when they opened.  I didn't try the dinner but for lunch it is a fantastic deal.  For $22 you get three courses and it isn't your get one bite for each course three courses, it is a filling three courses.  I had the salmon bagel to start and my wife and parents all ordered the tomato salad.  The bagel was excellent and the salad was plentiful, filling and flavorful.  For the entree, we all ordered the Mediterranean sea bass.  The fish was plentiful and perfectly cooked.  For dessert we got some fresh fruit and greek yogurt.  The latter was so good, my wife decided she wanted to buy some when we got back home so off we went to Whole Foods.  If you're in Vegas and you're looking for a great deal, get this lunch special, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
4	Lunch special is the bomb! For under 30 bucks, this place is awesome! A definite fancy place to check out without causing too much damage to your wallet or to your tummy. Quality of food is excellent, and just the right amount of food. It's a nice place to bring a date you would like to impress or with friends whom you like to enjoy fine dining with (without having to pay fine dining prices).
2	4 star food and ambiance at lunch about a week ago ruined by 0 star service that you wouldn't find at Denny's.   We sat outside and saw our waiter maybe 2 times during the 2 hours it took to serve 3 prix fix courses.  He seemed inconvenienced by our existence...although he is drastically overpaid for the level of service he provides.Food runners would mutter as they delivered the dishes.  It was inaudible as to what they were saying!  I guess if your restaurant is doing well service goes out the window!  My 12 year old nephew who has never had a job was pointing out how bad it was.  First time i've under-tipped in over 25 years.  I really should have left no tip.As a local I wont be back or recommend this place (as I have many times) for a long time, until I read the service is better.  I don't care how good the food is.
5	Love Milo's! From the appetizers to the great fish there to the best service in town! Just tried the lobster sashimi- wow!!! Never thought I would like that but it was amazing!
2	Beautiful restaurant and the grilled octopus was outstanding but given the inattentive service, high prices and just average food beyond that, "Meh" is about the right word.  I had to choke back a laugh when the selling point was the fish were "no more then 30 hours off the boat".  the worst part was I got sick and not from the fish, from the cous cous.  3 bites and my stomach started gurgling then 30 minutes later I was praying to the porcelain god!  Flavor was actually good but I did bit into 2 lemon seeds.  I'm guessing I got sick because someone's improperly washed hands were the strainer for the lemon juice.*gurgle, gurgle* not the way I want to lose weight.
4	I'm sure the lunch special has been mentioned many times in reviews, but it really can't be beat. Such a nice place to have lunch and escape the casino noise. You can enjoy 3 courses for around $23. The bread and olive oil is very good. I ordered the greek meze plate (dip trio), the Lavraki (grilled bass), and fresh fruit. I left feeling full but still light, and the service was very good. I would recommend Estiatorio Milos to anyone that wants to have a nice lunch in Vegas without breaking the bank.
3	Sorry Milo's,this is my second time for lunch(I came back because the last time was so good) and I was sorely disappointed.  We both ordered the octopus which on the last visit was wonderful,however this time it was lukewarm in temperature and had the texture of elastic bands. I realize that the texture is a bit chewy but it definitely was a challenge to masticate this appetizer .  The wine pairing was ok,the shrimp was very good and the dessert,Greek yogurt with fruit was ok. When we were asked how our lunch was and we mentioned the sub par octopus the waitress became instantly frosty .  To all,pass on the 32 dollar eggplant appetizer,it's nothing special and extremely overpriced for what it is.  We won't be returning to Milo's,there are plenty of restaurants that offer high quality food at more reasonable prices without the frosty waitstaff.
5	All I have to say is YUM. I'm not big on words and the long reviews. Went for the lunch prie fix menu. Octopus. Yum. Oysters. Yum and a must if you are an oyster fab. Fresh, clean and not very briny. Hummus platter. Yum. Bread with the olive oil imported from Greece. Yum. We had the organic chicken breast and my husband had the sea bass. The chicken was like eating a properly made chicken gyro with great sauce and yummy fries. He loved his sea bass and I lived eating the tail of the fish. I was too full to eat the head. Yes I'm one of those odd eaters. Please just go, do the lunch menu to save money and go and try their food. If you are looking for good yummy real Greek food. This is the place.They also have amazing, great service.
5	Got to say I was highly impressed with the food I had. I've always wanted to try this place out and heard nothing but great things about this place. So I came in for there 3 course lunch special which was tasty. Fromm the trio of dips with pita bread to the lobster and tomato pasta and the Greek yogurt with strawberry sauce everything was amazing. I defiantly will be back. Truly some of the best Greek food I've had in a long time. Come check this place out.
4	Very enjoyable lunch. The grilled octopus was very good, and I also enjoyed the shrimp main a lot. My family enjoyed the branzano (bass), but I found its flavor too light (I prefer crazy strong flavors).Sat on the covered patio, which was nice, though the seats were a bit uncomfortable and the decor an afterthought. Drinks were shockingly expensive ($19), didn't order any.
4	Their lunch special is a great deal! For a little over $20, you get a 3 course meal. Of course, the caveat is that many of the choices require an additional charge on top of the prix fix. And the dessert is a choice between Greek yogurt or fruit salad.For starters, my friend got the grilled octopus ($10 extra) which was delicious, but i stuck w/ one of the standard choices. I got the mezze platter that came w/ pita and tzatiziki, cod roe and roasted red pepper spreads. The tomato salad, which is a regular choice was also delicious comprised entirely of large chunks of plump to tomatoes.For the main, most of us got grilled bass. It's a grilled whole fish topped with some olive tapenade. I strongly recommend it, not fishy at all. They also offer lamb chops and a lobster pasta that looked good, but again, costs extra.Definitely try this place out for a very reasonably priced lunch in the Cosmopolitan in Vegas!
3	5 stars for food, 2 for experience.  After having been to the same restaurant in Montreal and absolutely loving it, I was eagerly anticipating trying the one in Vegas.  The food did not disappoint.  The food fantastic; fresh, simple and delicious.  The lunch menu is a great deal and the wine pairing ($16 for two half glasses, highly recommend) was very enjoyable.  We ordered the saganaki (fried cheese) off the meze menu (not on the regular lunch menu) - it was wonderful, deep fried I think and not soaked in grease like it can usually be, the lemon squeezed on top finished it perfectly, recommended.  For first courses we tried the meze dips and tomato salad, for mains the fish and shrimp, and for dessert the Greek yogurt (of course) - We would recommend all or any of that - it was all very good.Our waiter was wonderful, welcoming, knowledgeable, kind and attentive.The letdown came in the timing which I'm not sure who to fault .... Kitchen or waiter.... But it was rushed and unprofessional.  When we first sat down (12:30 pm) our waiter asked if we had any time constraints, we told him no that we would like to have a leisurely lunch.  It should be noted the restaurant was not even 1/2 full the entire time we were there.  We ordered the saganaki and hesitated ordering the rest of the meal as we did not want to be rushed, but our waiter assured us he would not put our lunch order in until our appy was done, which he did oblige.  The problem came when we were finishing our first course our main arrived, and the service staff literally sweeped in moving our first course plates out of the way to make room for our mains.  So now we're put in a position where you have to decide if you want to finish your first course while your main gets cold or just start eating the main.  For this calibre of restaurant I found that extremely disappointing.  Furthermore I saw the same thing happen to at least 2 other tables around us, and they had the same bewildered look we did.... There's no way I can give even 4 stars when diners are faced with that sort of issue leaving you uncomfortable and rushed, it completely takes away from the rest of the what would have been wonderful lunch.  Nonetheless, go for the food.
4	Nice bar with very good selection and attentive staff. I had a good time here before going to see a show at the Cosmo pool. I did not try the food, but maybe next time. I enjoyed this place.
1	One star on YELP = Eek!  Methinks not!  That was a literal response to MILOS.  So literal we never ate in the place.Yes.  That's right.  I'm giving this place one star and I didn't eat or drink there.  How does a fair critic pull THAT off?  Read below and I'll think you'll grok how.I brought my sig other and parents to this place, hoping for a Greek meal of some sort.  What we got was basically a Greek 'fish house', which for my vegetarian partner in cuisine crime, negated the point of going.  The idea that hummus and such was 'passe' took the Greek out of the Greek for her.  But putting that aside ---- why ditch a lovely restaurant in the Cosmo for being a fish house?  Simple:  they attempted to scam us.We sat down at a table and we were not brought menus.  Instead a nice waiter type arrives and informs us of 'how things work'.  That he would walk us over to the on premise 'fish store', we'd pick out some fish, and he'd guide us on their prep.  The question that should be gnawing at you now is, wait, what if you don't mind meats but don't want fish?  Is there ANYTHING ELSE on the menu besides fish?  Why yes, of course, but the waiter gave you the impression he'd rather not go there.  That you'd kind of be a loser to not be in a fish mood in this Greek fish 'emporium'.Do you feel that at the back of your neck yet?  That something seems off?  Let me give you another hint:  the waiter waxed poetic about how all their fish is flown in fresh.   At first this sounds impressive.  Until you remember you're in the Mojave Desert.  And you remember that nearly all fish everywhere is flown in from elsewhere.So we insisted on seeing the menu.  And guess what?  The prices were THRU THE ROOF.  An $80 rib eye.  That's even high for strip standards, people.  Trust me, there were no pearls or diamonds offered as side dishes.  So we finally walked over to the fish in ice market, which were all about $60 a pound.  Ask yourself what magical tricks MILOS could possibly have to make fish worth $60 a pound?  Unless they offered a belly dancer under the table offering exotic lap dances there's absolutely nothing special about olive oiling fish and grilling it.Listen -- I understand if a place wants to be a high end restaurant and experience.  The decor and the way you are seated/greeted should make the four dollar signs perfectly obvious to an innocent visitor.  It wasn't so obvious.One way to make it painfully obvious is to drop the menus down immediately.  What MILOS was instead attempting was carpet salesman sleezeballery.  That's why we left...
5	The Greek cuisine is simply amazing.Fish couldn't tats better in La.Cheers & salute ;)
5	This was my first prix fixe lunch experience and I really enjoyed it! This place is located in the Cosmo but for some reason, it wouldnt let me check in because the yelp check in location is miles from Cosmo. That was annoying. It opened at 11:30 so we got there right before it opened. It is a pretty big restaurant so the wait wasnt long. It is quite fancy so people tend to dress up here. I came here on a Saturday and they still had the prix fixe which is nice because at other places, they only offer them on weekdays. It costs $22.14 since the items I got werent upgrades. Appetizer1) Canadian Classic- THis is raw salmon with cream cheese and a bagel. This was delicious and I wish I got this instead of my salad. When you put all of these together, it is the magic2) Tomato Salad- People mentioned this a lot so I decided to try it. It is literally tomato pieces so I was quite disappointed. However, the tomato was super flavorful and I was quite surprised. If I had to choose, I would order the Canadian Classic though.Main Course1) Lavraki- This is the dish most people get. It is grilled Mediterranean bass and it was delicious! I couldnt believe how good it was and I enjoyed every bite. I highly recommend2) Nova Scotia Deep Sea Lobster Pasta- If you are willing to pay $15 on top of the $22, I highly recommend this dish. The tomato sauce has a hint of cream so it was so good on the pasta. The lobster was yummy and I was totally enjoying some of this with my Lavraki. Dessert-1) Fresh fruit- The fruit is quite fresh and comes with pineapple, grapefruit, blueberries, raspberries and strawberries. I was disappointed that they didnt have an actualy pasty dessert but I love fruit. I didnt want greek yogurt anyway so this was good.**TIPS**1) The perfect $22 would be Canadian Classic, Lavraki, and fruit. Yummmm. It was totally worth it and you get so much goodies for so cheap.2) Enjoy!**TIPS**1) I looked up prix fixe lunches in Vegas online and people say this is the best prix fixe at such a great price. I agree. I also tried Julian Serrano so you should check out my review on that as well.
3	Ate here on my past Vegas weekend.  It was ok.  This restaurant is located inside the Cosmopolitan, it is very nice and we had great service.  We were a party of 8 and were seated outside, which I normally probably wouldn't have liked but it was a cooler day and fairly comfortable.  They say they are a greek restaurant and there were some typical greek items on the menu but for the most part they are a seafood restaurant.  The waiter takes you over to the kitchen and shows you all the fresh seafood they have for the day.  The prices are a bit outrageous, I paid $100+ per pound for a lobster, which did not taste that amazing, I had to ask for some butter to eat it with.  I also found their wine list a little lacking, not too many white choices (surprising for a seafood restaurant) and the bottle we originally ordered they were out of so we had to try something else.  Everything was ok, but for the cost I wasn't blown away.
5	Easily one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas.  Excellent venue for a family dinner but if you go during lunch for the prixe fixe menu, you will save ALOT of money and experience the exact same food....albeit smaller portions.  I think the decor and ambience is very uplifting and clean.  There is an outdoor patio section as well.I absolutely LOVE the food here and the service is impeccable every time I go.  Grilled octopus is perfectly done and served with sliced onions.  They do a fantastic job at tenderizing the meat and cooking it just perfectly so that it is soft and not rubbery.  I highly recommend this appetizer.Tomato salad with aged feta cheese is simple and fresh, with nice light flavors.  It is a great compliment to the meal (it goes great with the octopus as well). Grilled mushrooms are an assortment of different types and we really enjoyed them..The main dish was the lavraki (aka branzino or mediterranean sea bass) - absolutely delicious and unforgettable!  My personal all time favorite fish dish.  Let me qualify that statement by explaining that I am an avid fisherman and a fish eating fanatic (I enjoy eating fish at least 3-4 times per week).  The waitress told me that the fish is flown in fresh from Greece.  At dinner time, I have paid $60 per pound for this fish to serve our group (usually takes a 4-5 lb fish), but the lunch size version is a smaller individual sized specimen, and just as delicious (and way cheaper).  The branzino is grilled perfectly and served deboned by the waiter.  The flesh is buttery in texture and seasoned with olive oil, parsley, lemon juice, and capers....so simple, yet so perfectly balanced.  The charred skin is crispy and bursting with flavor.....super tasty!  I actually considered ordering a second fish just for myself.We also had a sliced ribeye with asparagus for those in our group who don't love fish as much as others.  It was very solid but not their specialty.Dessert at lunch time was a fresh fruit dish which was nice and refreshing.  At dinner, we chose the option of a flourless chocolate cake that I will have to admit was the best one I have ever tried anywhere.  However, I was told that the dessert options change regularly so it might not always be available.  This is an exceptional dining experience that I try not to miss whenever I have a chance to go to Vegas.  I certainly understand that it might not be for everyoneand it is not the cheapest option around, but if you're in Vegas.....live a little and go ahead and splurge.....it might become one of your favorites too.
5	My husband and I (both Greek) always attempt to try at least one Greek restaurant in a city - and Milos was it in Vegas - and this definitely surpassed our expectations.First, reservation on a Friday night was a click away online and had no problem getting seated outdoor; which I highly recommend. The one thing that bothered us was the group of waiters just hanging around towards the back - as a manager I would've separated them and put them to work, as oppose to looking like a kafenio (coffee shop). The atmosphere is relaxing and serene. Happy not to see a fake image of a Greek Island or beach plastered on the wall. Milos receives 5 stars from me for the service and quality of food. If you can, get Yiorgo as your waiter - very engaging and efficient. I didn't go in there for seafood and his presentation sold me on a Pandora (?) fish and he discouraged me from ordering larger fish because it serves 2 and would be a waste of money. My hubby (a lamb aficionado) was very satisfied with the lamb chops. If you have a small appetite, I would recommend the Milos Appetizer (ahhh-mazing!) and the Greek Salad. I wish I had room for octopus but will have to go back for it! Overall, highly recommended, albeit highly priced - but which Vegas restaurant is inexpensive?!?
2	So we chose this place over my favorite STK because there was no wait. However as Soon as we all sat down we realized we should have waited for STK. Nothing really appealed to me. The server wanted to take us on a field trip to the market which for 6 girls in heels we declined! I don't care to walk around at a nice dinner I just want to sit and relax. we decided to get a calamari which was average, a Greek salad which was amazing best thing we had, and the grilled octopus which was nothing to write home about. 3 of the girls got swordfish which was very fishy tasting and tasted really oily. The other girl got the steak I believe the filet it was $67 and we all agreed we could have something better at home! We tried a lot of great restaurants this weekend and this was the worst! None of us were impressed. I honestly if I have the choice will not come here again.
4	First off let me just say I adore Milo's. I probably go to eat there about 3-4 times a month. The other day was the first time I'd ever had a negative experience but it wasn't due to the food. My sons father and I and our 3 year old were walking around the Cosmo. We were hungry and it was close to 7 so we decided to eat at Cosmo. He had never tried Milo's before so I told him he simply had to. Since we'd been running around doing errands we weren't exactly dressed up but I mean who really cares? It's Vegas. We walked into the restuarant and went to the hostesses and asked if we could get a table for 3. I apologized for not dressing up, saying how normally I did but we'd been running errands all day. She literally wrinkled her nose and stated that they were fully booked till 930. But if we wanted to wait we could. I mean, this bitch didn't even try to hide her look of disdain. Maybe it was the yoga pants and tank top, maybe it was because I had my son. Who knows but whatever the reason she said they were fully booked. We walked out of Milo's and I laughed and said she was full of shit. Pulled up Milo's in yelp and went to make a reservation. There were 6 different slots available before 930. I promptly booked the 730 slot then proceeded to call. When she answered I asked to speak to her supervisor. When he got on the phone I told him what happened and he assured me that there was no dress code and that they didn't discriminate. He was very nice and professional and apologized for her rotten attitude. When we walked back in at 720 they didn't even ask to see my reservation. She sat us promptly. We ordered drinks and went up to the fish market and picked our fish. I picked the sea bass and he picked the sole. Our son was looking at the fish horrified so I ordered him the filet since they didn't have chicken on the menu, I lied and told him it was chicken/steak lol. The service was wonderful and we ordered the Milo's Special which is always a favorite. We munched on the bread and out son was enjoying his soda and the special. Shortly after our order the manager came to our table to apologize for the mix up. He was so nice and even brought us a little taster of the sashimi which was amazing!!! Melted in our mouths. After we had finished our food was brought out and mine was light and buttery and flaked perfectly. So good! His was firm and had a great texture and a light lemony taste. You can really tell the fish is fresh. Our son had his first steak and ate every bit. He kept telling us his his chicken steak was so yummy for his tummy. After we finished our dinners we sat for a little longer and he ordered a drink. After he finished I ordered us the baklava. When it arrived it was light and sweet with fresh honey dripping from every bite. We ate it so fast I thought I was going to see my food again lol. It was that good. When I asked for the check the manager brought us out 2 after dinner shots. I don't drink but I appreciated the gesture. My sons father drank them both though and he said they were great with a really distinctive taste. Overall I love Milo's just could do without the 2 cunty twats that were hostessing that night. They should've hidden their looks of disgust better and then maybe I would've believed that there were no open tables but their lack of professionalism and inability to hide their expressions gave them away. They are the reason for the 4 stars because otherwise I would've given them 5.
5	A healthful AND delicious meal in Vegas is rare, but it's possible at Milos! You will pay for it.Three of us split a 2.5lb sea bass. The a la carte fish itself was $140, just to level set your expectations. It was buttery and fabulous and I was sad that I had spent some of the room in my stomach on the too-charred bread. The grilled vegetables were perfectly prepared with a tangy herbed strained yogurt accompaniment and the octopus was just world changing. I talked about that octopus for days.Service was impeccable. If you want to be left alone, don't go here. The staff are so friendly and 0% pretentious. I found their personal touch enhanced our dining experience, but then again I wasn't there for a romantic dinner. My group couldn't believe how many staff members they had! The place is crawling with white coats.
4	Life changing experience.  Let's just say I was savoring my burps afterwards.  The prawns were so fresh and literally left me in awe.  The juices from the head coated my tongue with amazing flavors. The octopus was the best I've ever had. The tuna tar tar was very good but didn't really stand out for me. Heirloom tomatoes salad was divine and I don't even like tomatoes.  The mushrooms was the best I've ever had.  Service was OK. I expected a bit more for a $1k dinner for 5 but I think it was only the manager that was stuck up.
2	I'm writing this while I just finished eating here...The food was great ..but the service sucked . Never asked us how everything was. Every time   we wanted something it took a very long time
5	We love all the Cosmo restaurants, however apparently we saved the best for last.  The whole experience was wonderful.  The room, and overall atmosphere is very nice.  The service was top notch.  We especially liked how the whole table was taken to the fish bar, and the fresh catches were explained.The Milos special, the signature appetizer was great.  We also had 2 types of fish to share for the table.  Both a little different, both melted in our mouth.  Can't recommend Milos highly enough.  Food, service and atmosphere were all fabulous.
5	First time here for lunch. The 22.14 three course meal is a steal. Do yourself a favor and add the 10 dollar surcharge for the octopus appetizer. It is on par if not better then the octopus I've had in Greece and Spain. For entrees we had the sea bass, which I would suggest. It was perfectly cooked and completely fresh. Also tried the shrimp saginaki. 4 large shrimp perfectly cooked with a side of flavorful cous cous. Greek yogurt with raspberry sauce was a great refreshing way to finish off the meal. The yogurt was thick, creamy almost like a marscopone. Will definitely return to lunch next time I'm around.- service was attentive and fast. Definitely felt like I was appreciated as a customer- If you can, try parking near the east towers of the Cosmo as this restaurant is located in that tower.
1	Wow.  Unless you don't care about money don't even think about this restaurant.7 adults (one who had only a salad and one NA beer) were handed a $1300 bill.Turns out they weight the seafood frozen (apparently with a thumb on the scale too).  They claim that 6 of us ate over 12 pounds of seafood plus one steak (more on that in a minute) with ONE side dish between us and a couple appetizers and one desert.  There is NO WAY.The steak was $60 and they offer no (as in ZERO) sauces or anything else to go with it.  It's a piece of meat on a plate for $60.  enjoy!If you want to get ripped off you've found your restaurant.That being said the food was good (not great) and certainly not $215 PER PERSON.
2	I don't think I've ever complained about the price in a restaurant before. I have always believed you get what you pay for. And Las Vegas is one of those cities where you are going to pay a premium for the services you receive. So upon first review of the menu at this restaurant I thought the prices were on the high side but my expectation was for amazing quality and service. I cannot express enough how disappointing the meal was in every way possible. We were sat at a table where we offer based in the same direction towards a window. There were 6 of us at the stable that more closely resembled a bar top This was awkward enough but the food and the attentiveness of the service with the exception of the busboy just made the situation even worse. Bottom line ridiculously expensive meal so so not worth it. Next time I will stick to STK enjoy myself
5	This place is STELLAR! Service, food, ambiance, decor.. everything is SPOT on! Came here for a late night dinner with my 3 girlfriends. We were in Vegas for 5 days and decided this would be our extravagant night to eat out. This place does not disappoint! As soon as we walk in I see Guy Fieri (Food Network Star) and found out that Kid Rock had just left (he had a concert in the Cosmopolitan that night). You just never know who you'll see here! Being taken to their "fish market" and actually picking the fish you will be dining on was a very very very cool experience. The food is amazing.. you just can't go wrong with anything you pick. I'm bad with fish names but just know that you will get THE finest quality and they make sure the flavor is great. It's family style with the side portions so we had a greek salad, grilled octopus (MMMM.. good) and hand cut fries. Dessert was baklava and my oh my it was good! Do yourself a favor and go here.. oh and our server Vernon was as sweet as pie!
3	Not sure if the lunch course was Greek food except the yogurt. The sesame bagel with smoked salmon was pretty good. Need better presentation for the white fish for their main entree. The shrimp dish was just bland. The cous cous tasted just like the ones you get from Delta first class food. Not saying that its bad but just that it could be better as they prepare to order unlike the airplane food. The servers were professional and friendly. Not a bad experience after all, but I'd love to see some improvements in the food.
1	The best part of our meal was the toasted bread and appetizer. Our waiter was a rude stuck up *ss who acted as if he were some super high prestigious server but really came across as vegas trailer trash dressed up to serve people who knew no better than to think this restaurant was "top of the food chain fine dining". This restaurant was horrible. Our giants prawns (The Carabinieros) were bland and the texture was over cooked. The shot of sherry in the head piece sounds good in theory but really tasted like mushy hot seafood extract. The Milokopi tasted spoiled as if the chef left them out room temperature to long or something but nonetheless we had them sent back (and we still paid for the nasty things).Our salad was ok, but it was just the basic iceberg lettuce and dressing type of deal. The grilled veggies were basic, at $31 dollars for a few veggies on a plate by itself I expected more to them. I guess eating in San Francisco has spoiled my palate and I expect greatness at a 5 star establishment. This place was a huge let down. At $361.28 on dinner for 2 this was a bad experience and I'll let people know about how sucky it was. Again our waiter was rude and a dick. If I remembered the guys name I'd post it just so people can go chastise him while in vegas.I love staying at the Cosmopolitan but next time I'll be eating back at  rabbit lie restaurant !
1	What happened to this place? I used to go regularly when I'd stay at the Cosmopolitan, when it was expensive, but good, but after a recent spate of bad visits, I've eaten my last dish at Milos. This review is of my last visit.The seafood is pretty decent, but there's something very odd about the place these days. Walking in today (on a Friday evening) the restaurant was virtually empty, but with a bizarrely huge amount of staff: probably 5 staff members per customer, standing in groups around the restaurant having urgent looking / hushed conversations amongst themselves.It just felt like there was a stench of death about the place: rather like when a restaurant is closing down. No idea if this is the fate of Milos, although I know the Cosmopolitan has recently changed hands so it wouldn't surprise me. Either way, that's how it felt. Pretty ugly. A table next to us sat down, waited for ten minutes, then decided not to stick around and walked out without even ordering. I wish we'd followed their lead.Service was atrociously, brutally slow. 30 minutes for starters. 1 hour 20 minutes for mains. When we asked as to the whereabouts of our mains, we were haughtily told "Do you know how long it takes to cook a 3lb fish?". Actually, yes we do: because we've eaten at far nicer restaurants than yours, and none of them take that long to cook a piece of fish (although if they did, they might at least have the customer service skills to apologize for it).At the end of dinner, we asked to speak to a manager to discuss how long our meals had taken, and the issues we'd had with our server. He was sympathetic, acknowledging our experience wasn't the greatest, and told us "I hope we haven't lost you as customers".And with that, he smiled, and disappeared, leaving us with a bill of over $500 for 4 people (no alcohol, no deserts). Never, ever again.
5	Greek restaurant in a German hotel on the Vegas Strip?  Why not.Estiatorio Milos continues to impress.  Outstanding seafood that calls one back to the costal villages and towns bordering the Mediterranean.  And let's just say, you will pay 40 percent less for this level of quality and freshness as the "other" place in the twin parabolic, glass sheathed extensions of an eccentric, once vegan, billionaire's ego anchoring the North Strip.  Huh what?Milos features extremely fresh and vibrant ingredients like Mediterranean seafood, air flown live daily.  Dishes are prepared with respect for the incredible ingredients.  Most seafood is simply grilled, dressed with a peppery Greek olive oil and a squeeze of sun ripened lemon allowing the flavors to shine.  Exemplary examples include simply grilled, uber sweet, live langoustines (the only other place in Vegas to offer this), salty, oceanic Portuguese sardines, and a tender braised then grilled octopus.  The razor focused flavor of each carried by richness of the oil and enhanced by the acidity of the lemon.Grilled whole fish also benefit from the simple finish.  Simply tour the seafood bar, pick one out, pay by the pound and enjoy.Finally, for lobster lovers, do not pass on any of the lobster pastas (the lobster pasta for lunch uses an American lobster, dinner choices include the deep sea Bay of Fundy or Mediterranean blue lobsters).  Perfectly cooked chunks of tail meat mixed in a mild but acidic tomato base served with the cooked head.  Be sure to scrape out the tamale and mix it with the pasta for the added briny oceanic finish.Tip:  Lunch offers the best value.  Three courses beginning at $22.14 with a maximum $20 supplement for top selections.Very good wine list.  Wine by the glass offerings mainly Greek and pair perfectly with the food.  Service is attentive and very friendly.A restaurant that has vastly improved with time.
5	My favorite lunch spot on the Vegas strip!I come here once a week during my stay.Easy to book, friendly&quick service, beautiful interior overlooking the Aria.The best part, of course, is the delicious seafood.(Disclosure: I am a meat lover. But I do cave into fish only if it's really, really good)The dishes are simply prepared seasoned only with olive oil/salt/herbs/capers that highlight the quality and freshness of the ingredients.I've only ever been here for lunch and their lunch menu is perfect. For just $22, you can choose from 3 courses of healthy, perfectly portioned dishes. I LOVE that you can leave without feeling overly stuffed. For those who like octopus, this appetizer is a must try. Otherwise the crab cake is amazing as well. Of course, you can choose from the dinner menu during lunch as well. When I do, I always get the fresh fish they recommend and the tuna sashimi-style appetizer. All of their fish are served de-boned, a huge plus.
5	I've been here 3 times and each time I have been delighted. The fish is flown in twice daily from the Mediterranean. The chef walks you to what my group referred to as the "fish market" (a large ice shelf in the restaurant filled with fresh fish) and you choose the fish you'd like for dinner. The meal is served family style so the chef will choose a fish large or small enough for your party. Price is by the pound. Menu options are available for appetizers, sides and desserts. It's a neat ordering experience and the meals have always been tasty.
4	We came for drinks right before we went to watch fireworks.  Staff is super friendly and nice.  The atmosphere is really nice.  I ate here last year and It was super delicious.  I will be coming back to eat here when I return to Vegas
5	Expensive but totally worth it. Service is great so is the menu and every item we tasted
3	I'll admit that I  came into Estiatorio Milos with high expectations.  However, when I have to give a rating based on price, food, and service, it's hard for me to justify that Estiatorio Milos is more than a 3 star restaurant.  If the prices were all 50%, I could justify a 4-5 star review.  However, the food did not meet my high expectations, and the service fell below.Whenever i have greek food, I compare it to Evvia in Palo Alto.  Evvia is by no means a cheap restaurant, but in comparison to Estiatorio Milos, they are giving the food away!  We ordered the Octopus and the fried zucchini as appetizers.  The Octopus was NOT as good as Evvia, but the Fried Zucchini / Eggplant was delicious.  Very highly recommended.For main dishes the table shared an order of the lamb and and one of the fish from the "market."  Unfortunately I don't remember the type of fish, but it was about $60/lb (about 3lbs).  With regards to the lamb, it was actually the 3rd (last) best lamb I had that week. The lamb at Table 34 and Giada was much better, and less expensive.  The fish was good.  We ordered it baked in Salt for the extra $15.  The waiter left a few bones in when serving.  It just was not worth a $180 fish to me.  We passed on dessert that evening.  By no means is Estiatoria Milos a bad restaurant.  However, in my eye's it was just A-OK.Service was nothing exceptional.  The waiter just went through the normal motions, didn't do anything that felt out of the ordinary, and just felt very "by the book" (but not a NY times best seller).
5	Food is amazing, but you do pay for it so bring your big credit card.  Wonderful service, beautiful restaurant and you can't get fish any more fresh than Milos!HIGHLY recommend the grilled octopus appetizer, I still dream about it.
4	Came for lunch yesterday with my mom. Has the lunch special. Food was amazing. Our server was knowledgable and attentive. Will definitely come back.
3	(Dined for lunch on 7/1/14)Hm. So this place was fine, but not a wow for me. We did the prix-fixe lunch, which sounded like the world's greatest bargain at $22.14. But after the $10 supplement for the octopus appetizer and some wine, the bill ended up at $120 for two after tax and tip. I was a trifle disappointed in the octopus, which seemed just a touch on the oily side to me. I did really like the shrimp saganaki as my main course. It was wonderfully flavorful. And the greek yogurt with honey and nuts was a nice dessert. (The menu said it was with strawberries and also has a no substitutions message, but when I told them I was allergic to strawberries, they graciously offered the honey and nuts option.) We had a couple of glasses of (very expensive) Greek wines which were OK. Greek wine is not my favorite, but these were better than most I've had although still not great. The service was a little tentative and felt slightly undertrained and lacking in confidence. Maybe they have the newbies working the Tuesday lunch shift. The decor is nice, clean and white and it feels Mediterranean without being cliche about it. The dining space is HUGE, with tons of tables inside as well as a fairly large patio. For lunch in July, the patio was a little uncomfortably warm and the fans and tiny misters didn't do enough to mitigate it. In retrospect, we should have chosen to eat inside. I would say that I would probably go back and give some other appetizers a try at the bar in the future, but probably not a full meal.
5	My new favorite restaurant in Vegas. We were able to get a reservation with short notice, the waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly and the food was fantastic!! The fried zucchini and octopus as starters were SO SO good! The Greek salad was very authentic and a was a big bowl of tomatoes. Big portions that are easy to share. Fish was So fresh !! Can't wait to go back next time I come to Vegas!!
4	Don't let the $$$$ fool you. This restaurant is relatively cheap for lunch.In the afternoon, a 3-course meal costs less than $23, and it's certainly delicious.I had the Greek Salad as an appetizer. It's not exactly what I eat in Eastern Europe, but I did not expect it to be either. It tasted differently, but tasty, nonetheless.For the main course, I ate the Mediterranean Sea Bass. I usually don't like sea bass, because I hate having to pick out small bones. Not this time! No bones = less frustrating meal. The two dessert options are the Greek yogurt and fresh fruit. Yogurt! Yogurt! Yogurt! This is where the restaurant stood out to me. It was by far the best Greek yogurt I have ever had. The texture almost resembled frozen yogurt, and it went perfectly with the strawberry.I'll be going back soon.
5	I had dinner here last year. LOVED it. It had a "market" inside, and their seafood was very fresh. I ordered a fish dish. Friend ordered scallops (the staff got them from the market!). Both were wonderful. We also had Greek wine and drinks. Overall it was a fantastic experience. Well worth the price.
3	Went here for a company dinner, ordered a ton of appetizers but was not really too keen on any of them. I do think it's cool how you can pick out your fish and have it prepared in many different ways and the restaurant itself is very nice inside however was just not crazy about the food especially for the price.
5	I've been going to Vegas for 20 years now and know that while there are many good restaurants, it can be tough on your budget and tough on your time to try as many as you might like...I really suggest Milos on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan.  The first word that comes to my mind is Delicious, the second is Fresh and the third is Memorable...little pricey for dinner, but worth it and they also have a great lunch special with dinner size portions...
4	First, if you have to worry about the check... just don't go. It's crazy-expensive. I went with some foodie friends and we ordered a ridiculous amount of food so we had the chance to taste a lot of the menu. The Greek heirloom tomato salad was a little to plain for all of us. Needed fresh herbs. The grilled octopus might be the best I've ever eaten with much agreement from my companions... awesome flavor and texture. Grilled vegetables:  great execution, but nothing to write home about in terms of flavor. We tried the caribinieros (large shrimp) and the dorado... cooked perfectly. Almost forgot the sashimi platter.... AWESOME, particularly the breem. Don't worry about taking someone who doesn't know or like Greek food, this restaurant is for the hard core seafood lover. Not at all a typical Greek restaurant that happens to have seafood.
3	I went here for lunch and sat at the bar. They have a lunch special menu but decided to look at the regular menu and ordered the grilled octopus and tzatziki. I've been here before and loved these two dishes. I wanted a nice glass of chardonnay preferably Greek. I tasted a few different wines and was not impressed at all. Maybe because they were Greek? Maybe I am too picky? I even tried a sauvignon blanc and it was awful. Anyhow I settled for a glass of whatever white and it was okay. The tzatziki wasn't bad but it tasted like I was eating pure sour cream. It was still tasty though. The octopus was still fabulous, so tender and loved the capers. The bartender let me try their bloody mary mix and it tasted pretty tangy and spicy...love love love! Full of flavor and definitely not plain jane out of the bottle mix. Now what kinda bothered me was the female bartender juicing limes and lemons at the huge juicing machine. Helloooo??? I want a peaceful quiet lunch and your prices aren't cheap people!!! That machine is loud and here she is grinding away with the limes like a little squirrel. Then these two guys sit further down the bar and order $30 shots of tequila "chilled" WHATTTT???!!!! The bartender goes and shakes the tequila up like it's from the gutter. I cringed. It's sipping tequila and you just ruined it. Please tell them!! Anyhow, then comes the young lady bartender with a big grey dirty looking cart with wheels on it and there is a huge load of ice in it. She proceeds to put the ice in the cooler. I'm assuming this ice is for customers drinks??? Ewwww.....This cart may have been clean but it looked all dirty with black marks in it.  You charge all that money for your food. You should have more class!! Also when I asked the bartender how to get to the Forum Shops, he didn't even give me a straight answer. A big ignore....thanks for helping me!
4	Went for their lunch special!It was 3 courses for around 22.Had salmon bagel to start, it was good but nothing special. Bass for entree was really fresh and juicy, they gave you an entire fish with head, only thing I didn't like was there was bones that you have to watch for. Greek yogurt for dessert was not too sweet so it's alright. My cousin got the tomato salad, was pretty decent, grilled salmon was delicious! It was fresh, tender, and rich flavor. I would def come back and try more of their seafood!
2	I love fish and I love fancy restaurants - I really wanted to love this place.....but I don't think I'll be back.We came here for dinner. Was tickled that there was an online reservations system, yay. Took a bit of wandering to find it in the Cosmopolitan.When seated, we did drink orders and were led to see the fish on ice. Got a good, detailed overview of what was available from the waiter. Got a nice snapper.Restaurant was out of calamari but octopus was recommended - I'm happy with that, it was good. Grilled = a nice crispy exterior. There was more olive oil on my plate than I would personally use, but it's not a big deal.Tomato salad - decent.Bread was good. When warm, had a nutty flavor; when cool it became more sourdough.Snapper: overcooked. Not by *too* much, but come on...Capers, olive oil, salt (& perhaps something else) made for nice flavor, but texture was hard to swallow, pun intended. Disappointed, but I finished it anyways because I was it was $60ish a pound and I hate wasting food. Service was decent.I think I could have been full without the fish; without that, I would have rated Milos 5 stars...but an overdone, over $140 fish? No.
1	Sorry, but for average service, okay (not special) environment...just NOT worth the exorbitanant prices!! I'm not a price complainer, but these are 'Nobu-gettin-my-culo-kissed' prices!! Lots of midwesterny/ work-conferencey groups, obviously charging it on the company expense acct. Makes sense that they spin this menu as 'family style'-as a couple it definitely was not a value. How I wish we had gone elsewhere! Sometimes lackluster offerings can be made up for w exceptional service-let's just say that wasn't the case. Food was decent-but absolutley not worth it money-wise (i hate being made to even consider cost that way about an 'upscale' spot).Sold as sexy & high end, but truly fails to deliver.Step 1: Turn around, and work up an even bigger appetite making your way to Aria.Step 2: Find your way to Julian Serranos!Step 3: Thank me after you're done eating.
3	The octopus was definitely worth trying and was delicious and super tender but the other dishes fell a bit short for me. Yes, I got to pick my own fish but I have had way better tasting fish for a fraction of the cost.  The ambiance was excellent and they have a great selection of wine to choose from but there are so many other great restaurants in Vegas to choose from with amazing food that I would probably go back to before going back here.
4	My friends and I came here to try their prefixe menu for Restaurant Week; however, we arrived a bit too late and missed it. Instead, the three of us shared the grilled octopus for the appetizer, sea bass for entree, and their dark chocolate Nutella flourless cake for dessert. Everything tasted great and dishes were perfect sized portions for three people.The octopus and sea bass were cooked very well, both prepared with lemon, olive oil and capers. Some people have complained about the bones in the sea bass but they were removed when it was served to us. We also ordered wine and the bill came out to $100 each including tip. If you don't order the signature dishes for the entree, you can walk over to their little "fish market" and choose something else to be cooked up for you. Thought this was interesting. I would definitely come back and try something  from there. Love how everything is fresh!
5	I've had this place on the to go list for a long time & not sure why I kept forgetting about it? It's beautiful from the moment you spot it & as you begin entering it feels like you're stepping into another country. There's a fish market & colorful vegetables on display along with a very beautiful natural space that makes you feel good. We were lucky enough to be inside but right next to the beautiful terrace overlooking the strip. The service was incredible, 4 different guys all over you the entire time (in a good way). Our food was fresh & delicious along with looking like a piece of art with each plate delivered. The grilled octopus & veggies were the highlight. I was also pleasantly surprised with the baklava ice cream that I've never tried before, the honey drizzled over it was like no other honey I've ever tried! Unbelievable! I will definitely be back & it's nice to see an extra fancy Mediterranean option on the strip!
5	The octopus is nothing short of perfection. When I vacation in Spain and Portugal, I eat octopus at least once a day and Milos is the only restaurant in the United States who can replicate my experience. The way it's tenderized and then grilled for that perfect light crunch outside and tender meaty inside makes my heart pitter patter. Inventive wine list with many spectacular Greek wines ( hey, they did plant grapes before the Romans and French) freshest fish in the desert and great staff. Great for special occasions. Expensive but worth every penny. They have their own signature Greek olive oil that enhances their simple grilled bread and pretty much anything. I know this because I've bribed the waitstaff on more than one occasion to look the other way when I steal it ( they won't let you by it)
4	This is by far my favorite place on The Strip to have lunch. I come here often.Make sure to try & sit on the patio. Service is impeccable and the food is good as well. Except for the lobster pasta. That is the first dish I've had that was a total disappoint. All presentation, no lobster.
3	Let's get something straight: their food here is fine. Nothing extraordinary, but not bad. But the concept is different and needs to be explained to people who come here instead of letting them figure out things on their own.I came here with a large group for dinner on a Saturday night. The restaurant itself is very pretty...it's an interesting space and they have an outdoor area which I would have loved to utilize had it not been so hot out. We were handed the wine list by a manager before our server ever made it to our table...so by the time our server had come we already had our bottle poured out for us...which is weird. We also asked for it to be kept over ice at the table, but that never happened.Once our server finally made it over, he asked us if we had been there before, to which we replied "no." He then asks us if we would like to see the fish market and, since we have no idea what this very important fish market is, we instead say "no thanks we'll just look at the menu." Well, it would have been useful if he had explained to us that the whole concept of the restaurant revolves around the fish market and that this is a family style restaurant...So, after struggling to understand the menu, we realize we need to view the fish market. Okay. So our whole group goes over and the server lets us know what kind of fish they have. Instead of telling us what the fish is like (ie buttery and tender or flaky, etc.) he just goes over the names and suggests a few for us. Okay cool. We order two different fish, some appetizers, and some sides. Our sides and appetizers come out intermittently before the fish. Very weird. I really liked the way they brought out the fish and the presentation...but honestly, there was nothing outstanding about the fish to justify the high price point. Yes it's flown in from the Mediterranean and yes that's a very cool concept, but honestly, I probably would not go there again for dinner. I am fine dishing out the dough for a truly great culinary experience, but this restaurant just didn't do it for me.
5	Fabulous Mediterranean cuisine at the Cosmo! Doesn't get to much better than this! Started with the Greek salad (tomato salad, comprised of huge chunks of fresh tomatoes, red onion, olives, and cheeses, that are tossed in a lovely dressing!) DON'T miss the Milo's Special..it's a beautiful tower of fried zucchini and inside the tower is scrumptious tzatziki sauce to dip in.. Also a great compliment to the Tomato Salad. The fish specials are lovely but very large, so make sure you split! Finally, they brought out the dessert and if you want a slice of Heaven, try the dessert that has custard! It's pastry like and has a caramelized crust! Woke up this morning dreaming about it!
3	Sat outside in the patio - very nice. Service was excellent. Started with tomato salad - excellent. Then they blew it with a dry-as-hell chicken skewers. Greek yogurt desert was great also.Guys, make sure your chicken doesn't suck the moisture out of my mouth and I'll eat there again.
1	Writing a review for this place upsets me because I have to relive the terrible dining experience I had here a while back.Nothing was glaringly bad about this place in general, but the lack of integrity that the general service upheld really bothered me.We had dinner reservations for Friday night for a group of a 8 people. We were on time and seated in a timely matter. What upset me was the rash and hurried service displayed by our waiter. He was in no way attentive to our requests, and more so, I felt like he was trying to up sell us in every aspect of our meal.Our table was immediately directed to the fresh fish display in the corner of the restaurant. From this "fresh" display, we were able to systematically choose the fish that we wanted grilled and presented to our table. The entire time that our group deliberated our selections, our waiter continually prodded us to order items off the menu that we did have any desire to even order. Thanks, bud, but we did not want to order your steak in addition to our fish and lobster selection.Once seated, our waiter continue to sell menu items even when we told him that what we ordered was sufficient.The food. The food was okay. The best thing that we ordered was the Milos Special which was an appetizer shared by the table that consisted of lightly fried zucchini, eggplant tzatziki,and kefalograviera cheese. That was delicious. The meal itself sucked. The fish that we chose came out super mealy, which happens when fish is old. The texture is grainy and breaks apart. That came as a surprise because Eastiatorio Milos prides itself on flying fresh fish from the Mediterranean sea. Gross. On top of that, the lobster that we chose was serve to us...in its whole shell. We tried breaking apart the shell and dispersing it, but we were given inefficient tools that prevented us from even accomplishing that task. We had to finally flag down our waiter for him to take back the dumb dish and break apart the pieces. What the hell was he thinking?And our water cups were left unfilled.For spending a pretty penny at this restaurant, the meal was really disappointing. I feel like if this restaurant was transplanted back in Los Angeles, none of this would have happened because there is a certain expectation that diners would have had since this is supposed to be a fine dining restaurant. I am not sure whether our waiter expected inexperienced out of towners who don't know any better, but I can tell you that everything about my dining experience here sucked. You suck Estaitorio Milos. I will never come back.
4	**This review is for the bar area only** I was in Milos for about 45 minutes to meet with my cousin and pre-game for a bit before heading down stairs to see Mariachi El Bronx explode on the main floor of Cosmo. The bar area is super cozy and the bartenders are very attentive. This area not only overlooks the restaurant, but you also get a sweet view of the bustling Cosmo floor, great spot for people watching. The drinks here are pricey, but are also pretty stiff, so it balances out. I didn't eat during this quick trip, but I will be back because the food smells coming out this place were intoxicating. PRO TIP:Avoid the long wait and eat at the bar. You can order food and chow down in the bar area if the restaurant is slammed.
1	Wow! Can't say that I liked this place at all.  The only positives were the attentiveness of the wait staff and the raw food display.  Oh and the octopus appetizer.  Speaking for myself, I had the $70 rib eye steak...for $35, I can go to CostCo and get THREE steaks of much better quality and thickness.  The $99 lobster my friend ordered was very tough and what happened to serving drawn butter?  My other friend ordered the shrimp and she said it was also chewy.  The total bill, with drinks, DID NOT justify the food.  Maybe we were there on an off night but neither did I get a Greek flavor from the place nor a positive dining experience for the cash we laid out.  Won't be going there again.
5	Best lunch on the strip for the price for $22.14. Monday thru Friday 12:00pm to 2pm. The best tip I can give you since I tried pretty much the whole menu is get the following if you wish to save money and get a tasty meal.1. Tomato salad2. Honjake salmon3. Greek yogurt martiniThis three course $22.14Now the lobster pasta is awesome but you have to pay $15 more. The octopus is also amazing for the appetizer but again you have to pay $10 more but tender and good. There isn't many things on the strip worth eating or paying for this is one of those hidden gems on the third floor of cosmopolitan. You can dress casual for lunch and no reservation needed if you get there at 12pm.
5	One of the best seafood restaurants in the World! great service, pretty nice atmosphere and delicateses from aczotic counters. Was enjoy by presentations with every art food. thx
4	I had gone here during their brunch special that started at 12...had just reached vegas and parked in the parking structure at cosmo down stairs. Decor was neat as there was about a 200 degree view of the strip which gave good sunlight to the whole space. 3 course meal for about 22.14 from what I remember. Bread was slightly over toasted but still delicious as we were very hungry. Appetizer was tomato salad w/ feta and delicious.  Entree was the "lavrika", whole bass, bone in. Was not a huge fan of the bone in but it was fresh and tasty nonetheless, however my peers were not happy about this whatsoever. Dessert was greek yogurt, mediocre to say the least. All in all, 20 bucks for this dining experience can't be complained about. I would recommend.
4	This was the restaurant that the No1DP and I went to celebrate our one-year anniversary. I first heard about this restaurant as a suggestion made by another Yelper and I told the No1DP to "take me here on our anniversary". Definitely a keeper.CONCEPT: This restaurant is one of five Milos restaurants from Costas Spiliadis. "Estiatorio" is a type of Greek restaurant that specializes in grilling but doesn't grill up just standard "taverna" fare. What the Milos family of restaurants are known for is their dedication to bringing in fresh fish from the source. Yup, they actually FLY THE FISH from the Mediterranean or from the East Coast. This is why most of the fish is sold at market prices. Upon request you can also shop at the fish counter to select the fish that would be served to your table.VENUE: Located in the third floor of the Cosmopolitan, the same floor as Jaleo, Blue Ribbon and Secret Pizza. Look for a door with "Milos" on top.The restaurant layout combines the rustic terrace dining one would envision when dining in a Greek estiatorio or taverna with the opulence and style of 21st century Las Vegas. When you walk in there's no mistake that you walked into a fine dining establishment but the space looks and feels more like a fancy dining hall. You are going to know your fellow diners quite well - with our wedding party talking and even singing it felt as if the No1DP and I were treated to a performance at the dining room table. I'm not sure what was going on at the floor above but there was enough activity that caused the floor to shake at the beginning of our meal; the No1DP thought there was an earthquake going on at some point. SERVICE: Excellent, as it should be for fine dining. The waiter, bussers and sommeliers were dressed similarly. It looked to be quite busy for a Saturday late night as it took forever for the sommelier to serve our wine - it was not brought out until sometime AFTER our fish was served. We informed the waiter about this and he felt really bad about the situation. He promptly brought our wines and we were not charged for said glasses. The way he handled the situation was excellent; not once did he lose his cool.APPETIZERSOysters ($4/oyster): There were a few types of oysters when I ordered, a sweeter/creamier type as well as a saltier/briner type. I picked 2 oysters of both varieties. A raspberry vinaigrette accompanied the sweeter oysters and a salty vinegar accompanied the brinier oysters. I found out that i prefer the sweeter oysters as I appreciated the texture of the oyster rather than the briny water soaking it.  Maryland Crab Cake ($32): Hand-picked, fresh jumbo lump crab. The cake was slightly smaller than my palm but the cake consisted mostly of fresh crab and tasted rightly so. No1DP says that this is the 2nd best crab cake he's ever tasted with the best one actually being in Baltimore. I don't have any comparison so for me this was the best.MAIN COURSE: ~1lb Sea Bass. When ordering your fish you can have it prepared in several different styles. No1DP asked for our fish to be steamed. This portion was quite big and was lightly seasoned with herbs, lemon and capers. You can taste the freshness of the fish, No1DP says that it's like tasting fresh fish back in Japan. Sea bass is supposed to be a "tougher" fish but I could still easily cut the fish apart with a fork. Though the fish is filleted we were warned that there could still be bones in the center.Our white wines went well with our fish.SIDE: Grilled Vegetables ($31): Eggplant, Zucchini, Yellow Squash, Baby Fennel Cipollini Onion, "The Real Greek Mint Yogurt" & Haloumi cheese. This was the best grilled vegetable dish I have ever tasted. Looks like this dish was grilled and buttered. The veggies were very soft and kept their flavors. The Haloumi cheese was tough enough to taste like meat. It went VERY well with the yogurt. DESSERT: Chocolate Sin, "the famous Milos Chocolate dessert from Athens". This was a standard chocolate cake but it was still delicious.Thanks to Liv K. for making this recommendation! I'll definitely spread the word that this is one of the good restaurants the Cosmopolitan has to offer. Supposedly according to many a Yelper they have an awesome lunch special...
3	Wow its expensive here ! I think one fish cost us like 400dollars.. but maybe that was our fault for not asking how much the fish was per pound.Loved their ribeye& octopus appetizer though !Super juicy and cooked perfectly.Don't think I can ever afford to come here again and even if I became super rich, I don't know if I'd pay 400 again for some fish. We'll..see..
2	While in Las Vegas for a conference I decided to try Milos. The waiter came by, dropped off the menu and asked if I'd like still or sparkling water. Still, please.The three course lunch price was a steal even for the $10 extra cost for octopus, which the waiter pointed out. I was a bit shocked by the $18 glass (yes, glass) of wine, but figured it was how they were making up for the "inexpensive" lunch.Sadly, the octopus was undercooked, as noted by it's chewiness. But, considering how difficult it is to cook octopus I decided not to judge to harshly. The sea bass was delicious.I received the check and was surprised at the $67 price tag (it was just me). I looked at the itemization of the meal and realized they had charged me $8 for the still water. Even at very fancy places for dinner we are not charged for still water without being notified. This, mixed with the other missteps, infuriated me. I felt a bit sucker punched by the wine cost and just pissed by the water cost. At least I knew I was being gouged by the wine!So, a HUGE never again to this place. The food definitely wasn't worth the hidden fees!
5	One of my favorite stops on the strip. The 20.14 lunch (or whatever year you go) is really unbeatable. I know $20 sounds like an expensive lunch, but it is an absolute steal-especially on the strip where a burger and fries will put you at $20 like no one's business. For the special you get a three-course meal worthy of the fine dining tag. The mediterranean seabass is the way to go. I've been to Greece, this is as authentic as it gets us. I think they fly in some of their fish directly, so there you go. The sauce is simple, elegant, and basically perfect. Their octopus is also very excellent, as are their lamb chops and fries. Although if you're really hungry, the lamb chops are not the biggest portion. For desert, the special yogurt and honey is a must try. I know yogurt and honey doesn't sound like much to get excited about. But trust me it is. The honey is specially made and it is the best honey I've ever had. This is a must try for lunch on the strip!
1	We went for celebrate our anniversary with my wife.We ate just two appetezier 2 lbs fish and salad.Guess how much we paid.328.00$never go back again.This is first and last.
4	Very good food. Very expensive and limited choices. Not a traditional Greek restaurant. Very expensive but good.
2	So overpriced. My boyfriend and I paid 249 plus tip for  a sole fish to split, broccoli side, and tuna tar tar appetizer to share. Wait took forever. Complimentary bread was burnt. Wine glass was strict 5 oz. I wish we had gone to a cheap cafe for dinner because the service and food was faaaaaar from worth it. Don't waste your time.
5	Amazing dinner! Ended up here with a group of 6 after our original dinner reservation didn't work out. We couldn't have been more satisfied with the service, food and overall experience! Expect Greek fine dining and to pick your dinner from the fresh fish counter with the help of their expert waitstaff. This place is a refreshing change from usual Vegas dinner spots. Don't miss the eggplant and tzatziki starter and try some of the fresh Mediterranean fish!
2	We used to come to Milos for the lunch special that we USED to be allowed to share. We shared the portions because they were clearly too big. For example, one tomato salad includes at least 3 big chopped up tomatoes in one bowl with a big chunk of feta cheese and a whole fish with jumbo broccoli. If this is a European style restaurant it should go along with European acceptable portions. Anyhow, recently we have been told by our server that we are not allowed to share anymore, each gets a meal. We call over a manager just to verify. Manager man didn't introduce himself, had a weak charisma presence and attitude. For his answer he simply disagreed with us saying that the portions were not too big, reminded us of the lunch policy, shook his shoulders and walked away. I give Milos 2 stars because the restaurant has a nice atmosphere. I will not be returning. At the end of our experience I came to a conclusion that the Cosmopolitan casino in general is going through business related issues, and the restaurants are trying their best to make it through the slow season ahead.
5	Outstanding in every way! The service was exemplary -- knowledgable and attentive without being pretentious or cloying.  The food simply could not have been better - artfully prepared, incredible freshness, and perfect proportions.  The eggplant starter and the sea bass entree were special favorites.  This was not an inexpensive dinner, but well well worth the price.  In a city with so many amazing restaurants, you want to try something different every time you go out; but with Estiatorio Milos, I look forward to returning.  Highly recommend!
5	We came for the $22.14 three course lunch special. What a great bargain. The food was excellent. I would definitely recommend getting the sea bass as the entree. I also opted to get the grilled octopus as first course for $10 extra which was worth it. For desert I had the Greek yogurt which was a great way to finish off a terrific meal.
2	Went here for lunch and was disappointed.   The menu is prix fixe, which really seemed like eating at a group dinner.  The choices are somewhat meager 3 or 4 options for appetizer and main course and the uninspiring choice of plain Greek yogurt or a sparse mixed fruit plate for dessert.  If you choose some of the better choices (grilled octopus appetizer or lamb chop) there are "supplemental charges".   I ordered the Salmon and it came out mushy indicating it was probably frozen at some point.  Was hoping for something much better.   Lunch for 2 with a glass of wine each came to close to $100.  Would suggest for others to check out the lunch menu before seating.   As for me, I'll check out many of the other great food options in Las Vegas and won't return
5	Absolutely delicious! The lunch pre-fixe is available 7 days a week, and definitely one of the best deals in Vegas. The food is prepared very well, and while the portions seemed small, we left stuffed. I ordered the tomato salad, the lamb chops (extra $10 but well worth it), and the yogurt dessert, and the person who came with me ordered the Meze platter, the sea bass, and the yogurt dessert. I actually preferred the Meze platter to the tomato salad -- I think it had to do with the fact that the tomatoes weren't quite a fresh, firm and juicy as they could have been if picked at peak tomato season (my favorite are tomatoes off the vine). That being said, it was certainly tasty, but the Meze platter was even better! Each of the three dips were very different, but so good! Both entrees were simply prepared, but delicious. The lamb was tender and flavorful, and the sea bass - served as a whole fish - was amazing! The dessert was simple but well executed! Ambiance-wise, it can come off a bit stuffy and stale. They have a white palate going on. However, we opted to sit outside. There's a lot of vegetation which creates a small oasis from the flashing lights from the rest of the Strip. I'm a huge fan and would love to come back when I'm next in Vegas.
5	Wow this place is superb. We came for lunch and had so many beautifully simple and amazing dishes. The octopus was out of this world as well as the langoustines. It wasn't pretentious at all, but very upscale. The food is outstanding and the wine we had was great. I can't wait to come back again.
5	Stopped in Friday before my flight back to la. Omg I can't wait to come back is there one in la ????? Please be. Had the blue fin tuna tartar and the grilled lobster. Off the hizay for shizay. I watch the couple sitting next to me order the pre fixed menu omg that's what I want the next time I come. Will be back very soon. Been craving since I got back home. 5 star
5	Went for the lunch special. Best lunch I've ever had. Pay extra for the grilled octopus, even if you hate octopus order it. Waiter was great, insisted I order their taramasalata after telling him I didn't like it. It was incredible. Go, eat and enjoy. Saving up for dinner.
5	Incredible experience with the chef, waiter and food. Extremely friendly staff, fantastic appetizers and the fish was delicious and cooked perfectly. Their dessert was also on par. We had the baklava was delicious. Chef Niko and George were friendly and visited our table often and made us feel at home. I highly highly recommend this Milos. I will definitely be back .
5	Great views from this third floor restaurant at the Cosmopolitan. Greek menu items made with the freshest ingredients. One of the most popular seafood restaurants in Toronto, Canada. Vegas is lucky to have this here!  Sea bass was mild and delicious. Beef tenderloin was flavorful and tender. We had the traditional Greek tomato salad with Feta. Very fresh and flavorful. Save room for their Baklava, which melts in your mouth. Service was attentive, especially since we were there with a large group.
5	Came here for brunch.  Service is excellent, they have an prefix lunch menu which has great tastings and things you can upgrade.  Started with the Canadian Classic which had Nova Scotia Salmon on a bagel, then upgraded to the Nova Scotia Lobster Pasta, and ended with the fruits of the season.  It was simply declicious.
5	Impeccable. Food. Service. Beautiful Crowd. The Octopus is a must! The salmon was as good as a steak!! Will be back!! Only drawback was very hard to locate, I work my thigh highs and ouch! It was worth it once I had the food! Go to Milos now! Again the service was excellent! I love it when they are there for you but not over doing it, silent service is the best. If I want to know things about a server or dishes or random trivial fluff, I will ask or google. Other Vegas restaurants please take notes! Milos knows what they are doing! Oh, and the food is the best I have had in a long time!
2	Does not live up to expectations at all...This restaurant came highly recommended by a business partner....and unfortunately did not deliver. We went to an early (6:30) pre-show dinner, on the last day of a multi day business trip. From the Martini - ordered with a twist, delivered with olives which the bartender then fished out with his fingers in the drink - (he did replace the drink upon complaint), to the fairly sloppy service (alas with many waiters standing around and talking to each other) , this was a disappointing experience. Octopus appetizer was excellent. Med. Fish was prepared oily and pretty much tasted just like olive oil... Wines were maybe medium class, at top prices. Desert was good, not great. We would qualify this restaurant as 'ok' if the total would be something like $100 for two, but at $300 - there are MUCH better places around in Vegas.
5	Do yourself a favor and a solid and go there for the $22.14 lunch. You don't even have to "upgrade" to the more expensive stuff to have a tremendous dining experience. Great service, just right. For the appie, I got the Nova Scotia salmon, basically on a bagel with red onions, cream cheese and capers. Terrific. My entree I cannot stop talking about. I would have paid $30+ just for it. Salmon pan-seared with the skin on, medium rare. Like butta. The best salmon I think I've ever had. That's saying a lot. I am normally reluctant to order salmon out...My wine was $18 but well worth it, just for a glass. It was the Greek Domaine Biblia Chora, Pangee. Sorry, don't remember the vintage. It was red. It was so lovely I couldn't stop smelling it. You know a wine is superior when you just want to make slow sweet love to it for over an hour, like I did. One glass was perfect though I will be looking for that exact wine at BevMo or what have you.
4	I can probably tell you that it was one of the most delicious restaurant I have ever eaten at! If you want to go somewhere and spend time with pleasure and enjoyment eating delicious food you just must go there. I think I could say that it is not cheap , it is pretty expensive but the food totally worth it. The atmosphere is great .One advice: if you want to have dinner there you should probably make a reservation
5	This is a great place for a relaxing, special lunch to break up your LV day. As so many Yelpers point out, their prix-fix lunch is the way to go. We like sitting on the "patio," actually a rather enclosed slightly informal area--not really outside but just great for lunch.We like the wine flights. Gives you some variety and it's is an OK deal too.All the choices for the lunch are good, but the bass and the special Greek yogurt are always a hit.Give yourself a treat -- take a long lunch and turn it into a special occasion with your family at Estiatorio Milos! BTW, we had the very best dinner at their NYC place after a late-arrival, cross-country flight.
4	Eau de Hoity Toity that's the scent you smell in the air when you walk in.Without going into too much details,  the reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars is because i took 1 star off for the snobby waiter we had.All of the items we ordered minus the deserts were AMAZING.  I don't use all caps very often in my reviews so this place is really something special.Even the bread they serve (which is toasted over an open flame and has a slight burnt taste to it) is really good.   Combine the bread with the Taramosalata (Hummus blended with fish roe, olive oil, and lemon) = MIND BLOWNThe crabcake was probably the best i've ever had (it's like 95% crab and 5% cake)The charcoal grilled octopus was really good and would have been amazing if it had just a tad more charcoal flavorThe Lavraki Mediterranean Seabass was also really good and would have been amazing if it had just a bit more char on the skinThe walnut pie and Baklava were both sub par and I would advise against them.
4	Waiter touched every cup's rim with the pitcher while pouring water. Germs! From a place that's supposed to be "North America's finest Greek restaurants" (as stated on their website) this should be a big no-no.The hostesses weren't the nicest over the phone while making a reservation. Also they didn't seem that nice while greeting at the front and being escorted to the table. She actually walked about 80% of the way, then motioned her arm and hand to the table that I was meant to sit at. It took me a few seconds to figure out what table she was pointing at.Now for the good stuff...The lunch! Awesome $23 lunch! Elegant and tasty! The lamb chops (+$10 lunch charge) were cooked perfectly to the medium-rare as requested. The flavor was awesome. Even the veggies on the side were yummy, not too mushy, and some type of lemon oil flavor to it.If it was dinner, I would guess the noise level would be a bit much. If it's $$$$ rated place, I would prefer it to be a bit more fancy? But I'm not knocking the star off for that.I want to give this place 5 stars, but I'll stick with the 4 stars.
5	Best restaurant ever. Just be prepared for a larger bill than you probably expect. Grilled peppers are exceptional, Milos special is great. Fish is always perfect. Make sure to meet Mark, the sommelier.
4	We came here for their lunch specials. You cannot get a better prix fixe deal anywhere on the Strip for $22.  The quality of food for that price is astounding.  You get to choose 1 of 5 items for an appetizer, 1 of 6 items for your main entree, and 1 of 2 items for dessert, although in previous years, there were  three desserts to choose from.  Because we have come here often for lunch and tried just about all their lunch specials, my favorite appetizers are the Greek Meze plate and the grilled octopus. (The octopus has a $10 surcharge.)  My favorite entrees are the salmon and the lamb chop. The salmon was tender and very fresh.  The lamb chop, which I ordered medium rare, were perfectly seasoned. ( There is a $10 surcharge for the lamb chop.)  The portion is small, but it is perfect for lunch. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas for lunch.
4	Not for the faint of heart (or wallet)!The food here is very good. Interesting selection of fresh fish, giant prawns and the octopus starter is great. We were given a prime table with a view of the Strip and attentive service. Be warned, however, that the prices are extortionate! Dinner for 4 with a bottle of wine, whole fish ($270) and four giant prawns ($117), two appetizers, two sides and two desserts plus coffee totaled $850. That's approximately double what I'd expected to pay when I made the reservation.
1	The service was really bad. The server made me us feel uncomfortable he intentionally brought our food and drinks late. The bread was just awful really burnt.   Overall the vibe in the restaurant was just the worst, the hotel has definitely lost its touch.lqs
2	I was really looking forward to try this restaurant. the food was good, though very pricy for the portions. The one thing that made me give this restaurant 2 stars is the fact that we ordered 1 portion of fish and they charged us for 2. We pointed out to the server about his mistake but he just said that he will still charge us for 2 portions since we shared it.I would never expect this type of attitude from such a restaurant.
4	Wooo!!! my first review of 2015!!!! i went on a last minute trip to vegas (booked ticket on 30th to go celebrate NYE in vegas) and when i landed, my friends picked this restaurant since we were already starting at the cosmo. Top notch service, a great prix fixe lunch menu at $22 and everything was superb! the sea bass was extremely fresh, lightly salted, letting the natural flavors of the fish come through without much frills - just the way great mediterranean fish is! The side octopus side was also memorable - my entire table regretted getting their tomato feta salad while i was chomping away happily!will be back!
