4	I'm not sure I would have made it through my high school years in Las Vegas without Mr. Lucky's. Zack, Kelly and Slater had The Max on SAVED BY THE BELL. My friends and I had Mr. Lucky's. It's open 24/7 and the food is good anytime of the day.
4	an old hauntgreat if only because the food is good 24/7the ahi tuna burger is yumand the chocolate cake is great around 3 a.m.i've also seen lots of celebrities there, if you're into that sort of thing.....
4	Every Casino has a 24-hour restaurant where you end up ordering Denny's-esque food in at 2 in the morning. At the Hard Rock, they have Mr Lucky's. Good thing, the food there is actually decent and you can hang out in a place without vinyll seats. Not a bad deal.
4	Just the place for a bite to eat after a night of cards, dice, strippers and cocktails.  I usually go with the chicken nachos. They are gigantic and will take care of that "I'm drunk and all I want in a good amount of grease" voice in your head.  During the day you might want to go with the Ahi burger, great flavor and the fish is fresher than you might imagine.... being in the desert and all.
1	I wouldn't take my dog to Mr Luckys. Do you feel lucky punk? Well, do you?Bad food. They can't even make a decent hamburger and fries, let alone something like a portabello burger.
1	We tried the famous-but-off-the-menu steak and shrimp for $7.77.  It was just awful.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.
4	They were more then happy to bring and didn't giggle at  my ridiculous order, side salad with extra ranch, extra croutons and a side of fries. More importantly there were no judgments of the floor wrestling going on at the table next to us! I love the late night  dining spots :)
3	This place sucks...  although I think the food was good.   Wait how many vodka red bulls did I have?   I'll take the cheeseburger.  Man this place sucks... Is this the Hard Rock cafe or some shitty 24/7 diner that looks like it belongs way off the strip.   Speaking of strip... Wait weren't we just at the Crazy Horse Too?   I remember... VIP room... no wait, yeah sure I'll have another Vodka red bull.   Dude this food sucks but tastes pretty good anyway.   Gotta be drunk to eat this shit...   Never mind, everything else is closed...  right?!?!?!   It's 3:30 am you dumbshit... yeah it's closed!  Whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, right?   Not unless you fucking yelp about it, it don't!!!!
4	I was certainly "lucky" to stumble upon this place during a late night hunger craving fest and had some of the best hashbrowns I've had in long time. The breakfast was phenomenal and it totally hit the spot perfectly. To make sure I wasn't consumed by my hunger and fooling myself into thinking it was some of the best food ever, I came back during lunchtime later and tried some of their lunch specials to which I was again impressed with the caliber and quality of food they had prepared. The service was equally attentive at the late night hours as it was during the day. The decor is fun, makes for a trendy and hip eatery. Prices won't be too high, like all Vegas diners / eateries, this 24/7 joint is inexpensive as it is fun!
3	Man, back in the day this was the PLACE, dude.  Ditchin' school, goin' to Mr. Lucky's, that was where it was AT.  I once dared my friend to chuck a tomato at Rod Stewart here and she completely wussed out, the pansy.But, alas, those glory days are gone.  Now Mr. Lucky's serves as one of those places you go to at 3 AM on a Saturday if you can take the post-club crowd.There's always a line.  Always, always.  The service is so-so, usually on the slower side, and while the food isn't BAD, it sure isn't good and it's on the higher side of the price scale for casino coffee shops.  (And, really, that's all it is.  You can put a tuxedo on John Merrick but at the end of the day he's still the Elephant Man and can't lay down to sleep.)Don't even think of trying to get in here before or after a show at  The Joint unless you're prepared for a camp out.
3	Uggghhh Mr Lucky's. Usually there's a line for every concert and teeny bopper goes and wants to "kick it" in the cool spot. But they can't hang out at the Casino, Mr Lucky.....Well I like this place because at Hard Rock there's no food court. Hard Rock Restaurant is outside the casino....For late night after concerts. This is the place to be. If you can get past the lines, the food is pretty decent. They have this off the menu special for steak/shrimp/potato for $7.77 - They serve it with a tub of clarified butter. I like to drench it all over my body....err plate.....If it's too small you can order it as a 15.54....Oh yea double it!!!! I had pancakes here once. There was an ant crawling around it.  They comped it...Obviously ants are a health department issue.....
3	This place has the "famous" steak and shrimp deal for 8 bucks.... steak, grilled shrimp, garlic mashed potatoes, and salad for 8 bucks. This place is really hit and miss, some days the steak is decently good, others days its crap... but hey, just like with anything in vegas... it will require some luck! I'd skip the buffet lines and save the 35 bucks for more gambling and try my luck here at Mr. Lucky's 24/7.
4	its $7.77 for steak shrimp and salad. What else can you ask for?Mashed potatoes taste instant, the salad dressing is goopy and the steak was overcooked... but again... its $7.77. Just eat it.
3	If it wasn't for the popular $7.77 steak and shrimp deal at Mr. Lucky's that my parent's are fascinated with, I would never set foot in here.  Getting more than three shrimp would be nice too.  Not bad for 7 bucks.  There much better diners to frequent, but hey it's cheap and meh.  Next!P.S.  It might taste better if you are completely trashed.  But that is neither here nor there, and I know nothing about that.
5	They are getting 5 stars for the veggie burger. I crave it, I lust it, I think about it all the time! It's a fresh patty, nothing frozen and good good good! Oh and it's done with tofu mayo! YUM! The fries are good and they don't look at me funny when I ask for hot sauce for my burger. No matter breakfast or lunch or dinner I want the veggie burger here. That being said, I've never eaten anything else on the menu. It's perfect for the "i just landed in vegas meal" or the "i just got up at noon and have a hangover meal". Kira LOVES their chicken soup and she hates chicken. She wants to eat here for every meal but I drag her to Nobu at least once.Enjoy!
4	Ok, I don't know why we were there but after getting thrown out of some club it was the only place I could think of.....after all who doesn't want to be lucky? ;DThe food I can't recall...but what I loved the most was that they have a high tolerance for drunk people. Needless to say, I wasn't arrested but it was pretty damn close. So imagine if you will - so my crew and I were thro........escorted out of the club mostly because of my friends behavior (picture a bunch of drunk marines - yeah, I know). We take a large mini man over to Mr. Luckys. The servers were patient with us despite my friends actions. The entire time there was a mix of stupid jokes about this or that. In the middle of all of this I'm just sitting there trying to sober up over my soup. It was good soup...the little that I tasted. Because all of a sudden one marine decides a joke was uncalled for and in turn punches the other.....who happened to sit next to me spilling my soup in the process. I never did get my food and fortunately there were enough sober people at our table to escort ourselves out before the police or security showed up. So perhaps I should give them a lower score for being less aware of their clients....but I digress because of such inaction we were able to get away.........to ruin another night the following day - but that is another story and another review.
4	The rest of the reviews here have a kernal of truth to them. They won't toss you no matter how drunk u are. That's usually how I stumble in here at 2 or 3 am after too many drinks at the Double Down or the circle bar at the HR, and sometimes I'm even toting my longboard (skateboard) by my side (which is pretty much a rare sight in Vegas--skateboards in public, I mean). I sit at the bar and order the chicken friend steak friend chicken and it always hits the spot. Is it overpriced. Yah, but what isn't in Vegas? I like the HR and have always been treated well here. And that says a lot because I am usually hammered on my ass when I am here. (They know how to treat the hammered right!!)  Mr. Lucky's saves me from hangovers (thanks, brudda). Also, I like good, decent diner, truck stop food, having driven across country twice and stayed/lived at truck stops the whole way. This place does the diner thing better than most of the coffee shops in Vegas. And that, brudda, is good eatin'
4	Get the 7.77 deal, you won't regret it. That is, if they haven't stopped serving it. I first saw it on Rachael Ray's 40 Dollars A Day and had to try it. Steak, shrimp, baked potato and salad? And it was all pretty good, and just the right amount of food. And I think you even get a vegetable with that...
5	Everyone reviewed about the $7.77 special already, but I'll just add onto the hype. A pretty fulfilling piece of steak, three shrimps, mashed potatoes, and a salad! Every time my bf and I go to Vegas, we always have to stop by Mr. Luckys. Duh, who can pass up that price AND the great meal! Service is a bit slow, but they're friendly so I never mind much.
4	I've always liked Mr. Lucky's.  Huge selection, always open, large portions, and low prices.  I've gotten the $7.77 special countless times, and it's always been very filling and tasty.  I've had the ahi tuna sandwich and really enjoy that.  I've had a couple salads and have enjoyed them.  Nachos are delicious.  Fajitas are delicious.  I can't think of one thing I've had here that's not good.  Even the fries are pretty stellar.I will subtract a point, though... last time I was here, it was right after the Death Cab for Cutie show at the Joint... a sold out show, or close to it.  My roommate Adam and I wanted to try their new off-menu special, $9.99 all-you-can-eat prime rib.  We sat down amongst all the other concert-goers and were told after a long wait for a waiter that they were out of prime rib.  Really?  After a big show at the Joint you're going to be out of prime rib?  There was even a sign out front of the restaurant advertising it.  I wasn't pleased, but we dined there anyway.  Oh well.
3	Mr. Lucky's is nothing special - except for their off menu $7.77 Special.  It's salad, steak and shrimp and mashed potatoes for $7.77.  It's a good meal for a good price at a 24/7 location. If you need something to eat and most of the places are closed - get this.Obviously this is the reason to go here - just look at the other reviews!
4	Yep, gonna have to agree, go for the 777 special!The wings were ok, nothing special.They have an alcholic drink called the Strawberry Lemondade that's hella good.If you go early in the morning (i.e. it's 5am and you haven't been to bed yet) you will see hella drunk girls passed out in the booths. We actually saw a couple guys leave one there. Boo! Chivalry is obviously dead in Vegas.
3	Hey, what do you know, this place is pretty good! Fixed my hangover real nice like. I don't know what the 777 deal is, but the burger is good. Just don't spend too much time in there, you're in Vegas and Rehab is right outside....get your priorities straight!
4	After a long day of working and partying at Friday Night Live I had to unwind at a place...well I just needed food. Didn't care if it was the best. It was food. But what caught the eye was the Lollipo sign that said. All you can eat Prime Rib 4pm-4am.  9.99....OK So that settles the neanderthal in me craving meat sensations. It comes with Mashed potatoes, steamed broccoli, and salad....I smiled....feeling fat and knowing I'm dieting and ordered it medium rare. Yes it came like a thick slab of Flintstone tricertop ribeye...phuckin phat cut. ...BURP.....I asked for another.....Burp....my buddy Tyler couldn't handle anymore. So not to look like a Shamu eating a school of fish. I stopped. Oh sure I was satisfied with two pieces....But I asked our adorable waitress Mandy how much was the record. She said 8...... :) Well once, at Texas Station Buffet....I had 8 tbone steaks, and 4 passthroughs on the buffet plus dessert. Ya I should really stop doing that.
4	good, consistent food.  open 24 hours, can't go wrong with that!update:  1/12/09:  yum, yum, yum....  i love this place.  and it's fun to eat here after a night of drinking & gambling at the Hard Rock.
4	We ate almost every meal there b/c of conveyance and all the meals were decent to good. The service was good the 4-5 times we were there. Related- to dinner/ hotel restaurants (out of 5 possible stars)Venue- 3.5Service- 4Food factor- 3.5Overall exp- 3.75 Stars  Drawbacks- Nothing comes to mind b/c it was easy and tasty.
3	The service here is ok, depending on the time of day.  What is pretty funny is in the morning the first thing we always got asked was if we needed a drink to cure our hangover.   So on Saturday and Sunday I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak for breakfast.  It was pretty good. Anywhere I go, if a place has chicken fried steak, I'll try it.  This place did not disappoint.  On Sunday everyone at my table ordered Chicken Friend Steak accept one person, because I thought it was good. After they tried it, they were glad they ordered it.  It has the right amount of batter to meat ratio.I didn't like the coffee shake.  It didn't taste like coffee, and Jack in the box can make a better shake.  But I will go there anytime I stay at the Hard Rock and really there is either this or the Pink Taco. Pink Taco was good too, but that is another review.
3	Extremely laid back (a.k.a. slowww and steady) service, cute waitresses though, and yummy crispy margherita pizzas.  We also ordered the spinach artichoke dip which was swimming in grease, but I ate it anyway. Surprise! Good for a quick bite.
3	Got to love a place that lets you walk in with a plastic cup full of vodka.  Other than that, if you go hear this is what you will experience.  -A reasonably friendly, but not overly concerned server.-Some random dinner food that is OK because you are drunk and hungry.-A real non memorable eating event that will do, but you sock will still be on.If you want something fast and easy in Hard Rock try the hookers or Mr. Lucky's
4	I really like Mr. Lucky's. The food is good, the service is fair, and as a local.. it's nearby where I live. I find the prices to be fairly reasonable.. and while the service is hit or miss.. I usually sit at the bar up front, by the kitchen line. I feel like it ensures that I get some attention. (though not always right away) The thing is, it is @ the Hard Rock Hotel. I like that.. its 24 hours a day..and you have already heard about the $7.77 Steak and Shrimp deal. There is always the $9.99 all you can eat prime rib and salad and potatoes... all you can eat is the Prime Rib part.  I get the rehab breakfast, or seared tuna tacos every time. Go there, don't take it so seriously, do it .. like it.. love it.
1	This place is terrible. The only plus is that it's in the hard rock hotel. I've thrown up their food several times (probably more alcohol than food). The only thing I've had here that's passable is the steak and eggs breakfast.  It sucks because at late night, at those hours its hard to get food unless you want to eat crappy chips from the little sundries shop.  There's a pizza place across the street open real late...but then again you have to walk across the street. Knowing me I'll eat here at least 5-10 times a year because I always stay at the Hard Rock.
2	it was alright. the food was okay, the service was not the best and there were barely any people in there. i wish i wasn't totally hungover as i'm thinking the food was pretty good, but my taste buds were shot. but it was convenient and i'd go back sober with my taste buds ready.
2	Oh Mr. Lucky's....what would I do without you at 4am when I leave Body English? Somehow a night of drinking and dancing always leaves me craving fried goodness, and Mr. Lucky's hits the spot.Now, it is diner food, so it isn't a foodie haven, but it fills you up when you are hungry...Now I know I hate complaining about food prices in Vegas...because hey, its Vegas and what do you expect?...But $5 for orange juice in a tiny glass? I feel like I had orange juice AND vodka for $8!
2	We stayed at the Hard Rock and this restaurant was unfortunately the most approachable and convenient. The first day I had the 'Rehab' breakfast, with a spinach & mushroom omelette and fresh squeezed OJ.  The omelette was barely edible, with the thick overcooked eggs (I sub'd real eggs for egg whites), and nasty unsalted spinach. The fresh squeezed OJ was excellent though.2nd day I had the eggs over easy with hash browns and grilled ham.  The eggs were decent, but the hash browns had way too much butter (or margarine?), and the ham was well, ham, with grills marks to boot.3rd day I had the chicken noodle soup, opting to avoid any more wasted calories at this joint.  The puny bowl came with an overly generous serving of celery, onion, and carrots, with few chicken and even fewer noodles, maybe 3 noodles total.Do not eat here, even if you're drunk.
5	Okays heres why i give mr luckys a 5 star review.There's only 1 thing i get at this joint thats worth every penny1. you can get a sirloin steak with 3 grilled shrimp, garlic mashed potato and a salad for $7.77 (yes triple seven) Vegas has gotten expensive, it's rare that you find a good quality food for a bargain, like old times.Its not on the menu, you just ask for it as steak and shrimp special.this is really good quality steak and tasty.Now there is a prime rib special not on the menu that i have not tried but how much of this can you eat in las vegas.It's $9.99 all you can eat prime rib also not on the menu, you just got to ask for it.
3	No beating the $7.77 steak/shrimp special. Service was friendly and efficient. I also was surprised at how strong their signature cocktails were - $9 for a cocktail but they pack a punch. Would not hesitate to eat here again if I were at the HR for a show.
4	I went to Body English on Friday and was starving, so of course I ended up here!  I got the Supreme Pizza which was actually really good.  Not a bad price and the pizza was pretty big.  My friend got some teryaki bowl which was okay.  I'd definitely come back here again after partying at Body English!
4	Got the $7.77 special.  What a great deal.  Don't expect a David Burke steak (which is effing amazing btw, only from Chicago), but it's def. what I would make at home, but much cheaper!!  Groceries are expensive now!  I thought it was great and a great deal.
3	Actually, 3.5 stars.  We ate both dinner and breakfast here during our stay.  Great selection of breakfast food, a bit lacking for dinner.Your standard fare: quesadillas, sandwiches, etc.The breakfast offerings were a wide range.  They even did egg whites and apple sausage if you wanted to eat healthier.  (That would be Jenni from work, not me!)Service was pretty friendly and the place seemed really clean.Ate here twice, which is a good sign.
4	Breakfast, lunch, dinner, it's all good!  Anytime you stop in, there they are!  Happy to see you, ready to prepare whatever sounds good at the moment, inexpensive, and you can have whatever adult beverage you want along with. Couple good specials - the steak/shrimp combo and all you can eat Prime Rib.  What's not to like?!Special shout out for maybe the best Eggs Benedict in LV!
4	Took the shuttle from MGM to Hard Rock just to have lunch at Mr. Lucky's after reading about their $7.77 gambler's special.....steak and grilled shrimp.  I wasn't disappointed.  What you get is really a good deal for the money......a decent sirloin steak, three grilled shrimp, garlic mashed potatoes, and a salad.  Just right for lunch.  My only complaint was the $3.00 glass of iced tea, which I thought was exorbitant and boosted the tab up there, making it not quite as good a deal after all.As a side note, the Hard Rock Casino was virtually deserted at lunch time in the middle of the week when I was there.
4	Dig this place!  Cheap eats ($9.99 prime rib) and great music in the background.  We come here when we want a casual meal and Nobu is out of the budget.  Dinner for 2 for about $25.  Also great about 4am for the I've-been- drinking -all -night -and-need-grease -special.  I am not sure how much this costs but I can tell you it's worth every penny to avoid the Absolut hangover.
2	this place had terrible service the morning that i went and it's not worth it for the price we paid.  it was just ok....i wouldn't go back
5	If its summer I'm at the Hard Rock.. From opening to closing of Rehab Season... And Since i'm pretty much living in a bikini all summer the only thing i eat all summer sad but true...lol...  I literally eat nothing but the Grilled Yellowfin Tuna Salad at Mr. Lucky's,  my friends all laugh at me but that's all I eat.. I live for this salad..  Its my fav salad I've ever had and I am not changing or venturing out.. This is it if its summer its my salad and if they ever take it off the menu I will hunt somebody down...
5	My only reason for going to Mr. Lucky's because I was looking for a cheap meal, and heard of the Gambler's Special that cost $7.77 and consisted of steak, grilled shrimp, mashed potatoes, and side salad. I told the rest of my party and they agreed to try it out so off we go. I knew it was at or by the Hard Rock. I never been to the Hard Rock, so this would be a first for that as well. I was expecting some run down place to be honest with you. Most of the places that offer cheap deals like this usually are. Hard Rock seems to be a nice place of its own.Mr. Lucky's is conveniently place right by the casino IN the Hard Rock. It's open to the casino floor so while your dining you can people watch. The staff here at Mr. Lucky's is very friendly and helpful. Our waitress was great. As for the food, there was only one item my party was getting. It is NOT listed on the menu, but they are aware of it. They ask how you like your meat cooked and what dressing you want on your salad.I was a bit skeptical on the meal being so affordable for such a nice looking establishment. The salad is served first, and it was not a small basic salad I was expecting. It was a pretty good portion garden salad that was very fresh with dressing on the side. The steak and shrimp came shortly after. Cooked just like I asked for. The shrimp however took the spotlight from the steak. It was goooooood. The steak was still satisfying and no complaints there.If you are looking for a bite to eat and are on a budget, yet still want to impress, stop by here and order the Gambler's Special. As an added bonus, we got a booth with some drunk club chick who was stood up by some guy who started hitting on some other club girls who were sober, while leaving the girl she came in there with drunk and falling over around in her booth, and then followed by throwing up all over herself and her table. Management came and spoke to her, didn't hear what he said to her but I have a feeling it was, "I'm sorry but you are causing a scene and if you don't pick yourself together and leave we will have to escort you out of here". Shortly after a bunch of big guys came in suits, and with a wheelchair rolled her out of there. haha, some might have been disgusted, I called it dinner and a show..
5	Wow. this place is absolutely great, you can't beat AYCE Prime Rib for $9.99.  I think it's a max of 2, but still you get pretty damn full even off the first one. It's about a pound or something like that -- and you get the sides and salad. Probably one of the best budget dinners i've ever had in vegas, sh*t was amazing for the price.The 7.77 is okay, it's not as huge as the prime rib but it comes with 3 pieces of shrimp or so.  For a smaller appetite...which obviously isnt mine.  The prime rib is just so good for the price and it tastes great.  The morning after though, i wouldnt say it was pleasant.
4	This may look like your generic Casino cafe, but this place is delicious. i have tried a couple of items here and it is always top notch. It reminds me of the food at the Cheesecake Factory, just minus the Cheesecake. The open 24/7 thing is superb as I'm an insomniac, as is most of the town. this is a great place to hit after a show at the joint, though odds are they will see a rush of people after shows. Did I mention how unbeliveably cheap this place is either? the 7.77$ steak and shrimp plate? try and beat that.
5	Get the French Dip "Philly Style" with Onion Rings. You will be happy. See pics. Pancakes are good "Cakes & Eggs". Bacon is goood. Breakfast Quesadilla is awesome. What's up with these people who have nothing but good things to say about a place, then give it only 3 stars?
3	All I remember is a HUGE and delicious chicken nacho. There was so much cheese that the waitress actually brought us extra chips to scoop it up. And it was ridiculously cheap. I'll go back sometime and see if other dishes are as good.
4	Really chill place to stumble in and eat breakfast or lunch-depending on when you get up-after a wild night of partying.  Their chocolate shakes are surprisingly good.  Don't expect a gourmet meal but they do make pretty good sandwiches.
5	The best deal in all of Las Vegas.  Order the Steak and Shrimp Special.  It's only $7.77, but it's not on the menu.  You have to ask for it.   It comes with a salad, mashed potatoes, a flat iron steak, and skewered shrimp.  Delicious.  The chicken nachos are enough to comfortably feed two big eaters.  I really haven't explored much else on the menu.  How can I pass up the Steak and Shrimp Special.  The ambiance is great too, plus you're right in the center of the Hard Rock Hotel.  People watching opportunities abound.
4	$7.77 steak n shrimp?I didn't know about that... I had the all you can eat Prime Rib for $9.99.  Not bad for what it is, comes with mashed potatoes, veggies and a salad w/ spring mix.  It'll work in a pinch, after winning some scrilla on the craps table.... wanted something decent to eat but the main steakhouse is under construction.  Maybe I'll be the 1st to review it.....I saw the nachos.....HUGE!Peace out.....
4	$7.77 Steak n Scrimps?No better deal than this, I mean c'mon guys.....$7.77 for a decent slab a meat n skewered shrimp, mashed spuds and a salad (good green mix) but go for the Caesar salad, tasty greens they are....Just get in, order, eat n shut up, don't ruin the special with "service" or "ambiance" or "tablecloths", this is a 24/7 grubb joint.So I finished off a night of Craps here after hitting the hard eight twice, one with $100 on it, you Crappers know the odds....yeahhhhhhh boyyyyy! Did I say you Crappers?til next time, Steak ya later.....
4	Went to Mr. Lucky's drawn to the 9.99$ all you can eat prime rib.  Had that deal, pretty good prime rib with mashed potatoes and vegetables.  The meat was not so tender, but for the price, it was definitely worth it.  4 people with drinks come out to 57$ plus tips.  Plus the deal is available 4pm -4am, pretty much the time when you will be awake at vegas.  Environment is great.  You are sitting right next to the casino at Hard Rock, with great music bumping all the time.  Every once in a while you will hear cheering with people winning bonuses or big bucks at the tables!
3	They call it Mr. Lucky's @ HRH (Hard Rock Hotel).  More like "Mr. Lucky for us it was opened at 7am in the morning!" Nothing spectacular but from a quality perspective, an order of "chicken fried steak & eggs" after an evening & morning of heavy drinking was very satisfying.  Keep in mind, there were only 1-2 staff working at that time in the morning so don't expect customer service to be at the top of its game, however, it was good enough for us. During the day and early evening there's usually a full complement of staff on hand.Price wise, there are some good deals and there are a variety of selections to choose from. Some ask, is it pricey? Well, it is Vegas you know. The venue itself is clean and a definite plus is the fact it is located within HRH which makes it convenient.  As far as seating goes, they can accommodate table and booth seating for larger groups. Definitely consider Mr. Lucky's after an eventful evening at Body English or a day at REHAB.
4	this is a 4 star based soley on PRICE... HAHAHA....$7.77 for steak and shrimp =)you're probably spending tons of money clubbing, drinking, gambling already..... this is a very decent meal for under 10 buckz... it's actually AWESOME!!! =) i'd try to come here at least once on my trip.. there are other deals like $2.99 steak and eggs at other hotels too.. but hey.... the hotel's not as nice as this one and $7.77 is quite good =) ...the quality of food itself is alright.... could be better.. but u really cant' complain cause it's $7.77 =P
4	The $7.77 deal is great! The portion is big and you definitely get your money worth. I overheard the waitress talking to another customer that the deal used to be a local secret, now everyone knows because of ummm, Yelp? The only thing I would watch out for is the amount of salt in the food. The garlic mashed potato is very salty. My fingers were swollen from the amount of salt in the food.
3	We came to Mr. Lucky's looking for the $9.99 all-you-can-eat prime rib. $9.99 for just one prime rib is not a bad deal, let alone all-you-can-eat. So as far as value goes, this is as good as it gets. It seems like not many people eat here, but it may just be that not many people are in the Hard Rock Casino in the first place.Now for the actual food part. My first piece was cooked to perfection. A nice thick slab of meat that was tender, moist, and very flavorful. My second piece was very different, quite dry, and not too tender. These cuts were also very different in size. So this lack of consistency is definitely what will hold this place back. Another problem I had was that they didn't have any beers on tap, which is a BIG problem in my opinion. How can you not have ANY beers on tap? So for the value I give 3 stars, but as far as the food goes, nothing to write home about. 3 stars.
5	I am always scared of vegas diner-type places, because the food is normally horrific (like the one at Planet Hollywood and Rio). But this place has great food, great service, and the hip Hard Rock vibe. This place is perfect for a late night or breakfast and lunch. Definitely worth visiting! I normally won't eat Eggs Benedict because most people can't make Hollandaise, but it was awesome here. Oh, and the Huevos Rancheros...
4	I was staying across the street at the Terrible's Hotel and Casino and was definteley afraid to eat there so I took a stroll over to the Hard Rock hotel in the AM for a little breakfast. I knew I was in the Hard Rock so I figured that the breakfast here would be at least "good". As far as a diner could go for their breakfast selection it was top notch. In fact I went there both mornings I was in Vegas. I got the eggs benedict on the first morning and a ham and cheese omlette the next. All of the breakfasts I had came with delicious hash browns and a little tiny fresh muffin. Highly reccomended for a diner style breakfast.
3	A variety of foods on the menu including salads, pasta, pizza, steaks, seafood and breakfast all day.  Ask for the $7.77 special- a smallish size steak topped with a skewer of 3 shrimp, mashed potatoes and a salad for less than $8 and available 24 hours a day or night!  Good, solid food to quench your 3am hunger. I had a huge seared tuna steak salad. It's sometimes hard to get your vegetables in when you are in the middle of a  fried food, cinnabon coated desert land.
4	Friday Night Live concerts at Hard Rock Hotel are one of the best free events around in Vegas!  With SpyonVegas pouring out free alcohol, I have to eat something before the event!  First things first, get in line and get your hand stamped so you're at least 'in' already to the concert.  Now it's time to grub!Thanks to Erik S. for mentioning Mr. Lucky's $7.77 Steak and Shrimp meal, it was an easy sell to the Husband and our friend.With no wait, we got our orders in right away.  (I looked at the menu just in case and couldn't find this special, but I asked about it and it's there!)We all started off with a side salad and then our steak arrived with three shrimps on a skewer, mashed potatoes and drawn butter.  (Yeah, the container for the butter was dark, so we all were dipping our beef in there before realizing it's butter!)Our steaks were cooked as we liked it, rare, and service was efficient.  One really can't complain about a full meal for that price!  (And I have definitely paid more money for a lot less - quantity and quality!)  They are busy, especially when events are going on, but your food comes out in a timely manner, and it's not hard to wave down a busboy for a refill.Up next - their AYCE $9.99 prime rib special from 4 pm to 4 am.  (Myke R.- you down?)
4	Found this place on yelp and my friends and I took the walk from our hotel next to Bellagio all the way down the street to Hard Rock. I read about the $7.77 special and decided to go with that! The steak was ok, the shrimp was delicious, and it came with a salad so yaay for that. Can't really complain since it's so cheap! A bunch of people in my group ordered the chicken fried steak and oh boy THAT WAS SOOOO GOOOD!!! yum yum. I'd probably get that next time around. Next time we'll probably also go after 4pm so we can try out that AYCE prime rib special!
5	I'm in Vegas 2-3 times a year and rarely do I not get the 7.77 Special at least once or twice each trip.  One time I actually had it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner in the same day.  Sometimes when I'm not in Vegas I dream about it.  So yes, you could say I'm a fan.
4	$7.77 and $9.99 specials for sure the cheapest (and actually good) meal (besides drunken fast food) you'll eat in Vegas...
4	Like others I heard about the unadvertised $7.77 special and $9.99 special.  It was great at  2am.  Good food, nice service, and not being at work.  I will return.
4	This is a pretty good coffee shop. It can take a while to get seated sometimes, even when it isn't busy. It just seems like the hostesses take their time decided where to seat people. Still, it's a cool room and the food is good. They used to have daily specials, but my past few meals here have been late night so I don't know if they still have the specials. People like the $7.77 special, but I don't like it too much. The 3 shrimp you get are kind of dinky and the cut of meat they use for the steak isn't the best. It is pretty good for the money though and it is edible, which isn't always the case with all the steak specials in Las Vegas. If they are running the all you can eat prime rib, I usually get that. They give you a big cut each time and really do let you eat as much as you want. The servers seem to actually get a kick out of seeing how much you can eat. It's a good place. Service is usually pretty good. Give it a shot and don't judge it by the steak special alone.
4	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 17 of many reviewsAfter yet another long night of drinkin..Yeah, we hit Palazzo, IP, Bellagio and now Hard Rock. And I do love food.. particularly good food... in this case I'll make an exception for pretty damned good food... of course it tastes better when i'm drunk... and it always tastes better when a beautiful women feeds it to you. Or in this case... two drunk SBC brothers...oh well. The girls were too busy throwing up anyhow...I just wish I knew about this damned $7.77 special and the $9.99 special. Next time... can you say Halloween??? Holla at your boy!!!;D
5	the breakfast quesadilla is the best breakfast I've ever had.
2	Where to get a quick meal at 1AM? This place had decent reviews and mentioned. I had heard about the special, but saw it no where on the menu and just didn't feel like asking. Husband got the burger, which he didn't like that much. Said the bun tasted stale. I had the rueben with fries. The sandwich was quick tasty, but the fries were not very good. Service was nice, but the this place is nothing special. Maybe I should have asked about the special...
4	Easily one of the best 24/7 diners in town.  I've somehow managed to get the $7.77 special twice in the last month.  What are they putting on the shrimp??  Buttered crack??  So good after guzzling a ton of drinks.
2	Only reason why this place earned an extra star to make it two stars is .... Convenience.Mr Lucky's 24/7 sells your typical American breakfast lunch and dinner. The first night we went about 2am we got seated right away and had quick service. Food was so so, my only gripe about my first visit was the cheese fries. Instead of using shredded or even regular cheddar cheese, they used nacho cheese which made the fries really soggy and gross. All the plates we ordered were large in size and had to take to go boxes for our food.The second time we ate here it was during Rehab. We had called the front desk to ask what the dress code was cause we were just wearing swimsuits. Front desk put us on hold to probably ask someone who knew how to answer the question better and was told that dress code wasn't enforced until 6pm. So that being said we showed up to Mr. Lucky's to only be turned away because we were in swim suits and we were required to wear bottoms. It's one thing to let us know hey sorry there's a dress code and it's actually enforced all day long rather than giving us a dirty look up and down saying "front desk doesn't know anything. It's been the same rule for like...forever."All effin right beezy! No need for the attitude! So I suggested for her to get in contact with front desk to let them know the rules so that they aren't misinforming hotel guests and yet I got another smug look.Yet she continued the attitude and was trying to shoo us away when another waitress came up and offered us to order to go. The nasty waitress with the 'tude was pretty snappy when I asked for my cheese fries to have shredded cheese instead of nacho cheese "we always serve it with shredded cheese" and I quickly served her back with "well that's not what we were served last night!"Anyways besides my rant, everyone else seemed pleasant but like I said Mr. Lucky's is only good because it's convenient and cheaper than the other restaurants Hard Rock Hotel has to offer.
1	This place is not good at all.  I was there last weekend and let me just say there are plenty of other late night options in vegas.I would even rather go to a fast food place.  I was here with a few friends and the service was horrible and the food we ordered didn't taste right or just looked weird...like the chicken in the salad that a friend ordered.  As for my corn beef and hash, it came out warm-cold and was too salty.I have no clue what was wrong, but the waiter kept telling us it was the grave yard shift chefs that were the cause of our problems. Also, my friend got sick from his salad.  To be fair we were in vegas and it could have been the alcohol, but I have my doubts.
4	Who wants an all you can eat prime rib dinner for $9.99? Me! Me! Me! Surprised to find this place at Hard Rock Casino. I thought cheap dinners like this would only be found in downtown Las Vegas.The service was fast, the patrons who were there were eye candy- my guy friends can vouch for that, and the prime rib was soooo good. The mashed potatoes and the veggie which accompanied it was also good- but the mashed potatoes was better. I ordered my prime rib medium well and it was soft and juicy. Dipped in horseradish and au jus (sp?), it is the BOMB! I considered ordering a second plate like all of my other friends, but my clubbing dress wouldn't permit another plateful. I will definitely come back here again (with looser clothes on). And the best thing about it is that this yummy AYCE prime rib dinner is the same price of one drink at the bar.  Love it!
3	I was drunk, it was 5am, I had just finished partying and gambling. The nachos here HIT THE SPOT.I'm sure any food with the previous 3 criteria would've tasted amazing but I can vouch that I would eat those nachos sober and during the day, heck I'm craving some nachos right now.  Even wasted I remember the nachos to be soooo deliciously spicy and smothered with melted cheese and chunks of chicken.  My mouth was on fire after a few nachos and I can normally handle my spice!  My friend had the buffalo wings and apparently those were delicious too.The next time I'm back here, it'll probably be under those same 3 circumstances so I can't wait!
2	Flight landed. Got ready. And needed something quick to eat before partying at Body English.The hostess told us food takes about 20 minutes, so down we sat. And sat. And sat. There was another table that was also waiting for our mysterious server. It wasn't until we asked another server and talked to one of the chefs that our server finally showed up to take our orders. And that was the first and last time we saw him.Shared potato skins and chicken nachos. The potato skins were dry and unappetizing. The nachos, however, was bomb! BOMB! Huge plate with goodness piled on! The roasted peppers gave the nachos a spicy kick. And the mixture of nacho cheese and melted cheese, guacamole and sour cream made this dish oh-so divine!Still, the nachos did not make up the lack of service. We were wondering what that other table ordered since we were almost done and they still haven't gotten their food. And surprise surprise. Next thing we saw, a server brought out three plates of salads for that table. OMG.
2	Came here for a quick dinner before clubbing since it was in the same hotel as Body English. Bad choice.First of all, the service was horrible...it took literally forever to get water or even greeted by a server! They weren't even that swamped but no one paid any attention to our table for a good 15 minutes. I think we had to flag a few people down before our waiter came by. At least our food didn't take as long to come out but it still didn't make up for the sour first impression.veggie burger ($9.95) - The patty was really thick and made with brown rice and chopped up veggies it seemed. Not what I was expecting at all and not in a good way! It also came with onion sprouts and some kind of mayo. The patty was kinda lukewarm in the middle and I didn't enjoy the taste much...blech. The multi-grain bun was good though and the fries were thick cut and well fried. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BCAw9a_kyx2RddRH9tMmKQ?select=4oZsuzXf6GTtcjmJroQizg)Prices here were not bad for Vegas standards but will I ever come back? Not unless it was the only thing still open.
2	I'm Vegan and Mr. Lucky's was one of the few places I read about that I could eat at in Vegas. This place is two streets south of the strip but because of construction, detours and then getting lost it took us about 45 minutes to get there. Ridiculous. Unfortunately, it wasn't worth the trip. It's a run of the mill uninteresting restaurant that looks out on casino machines and has no atmosphere. I ordered the veggie burger with fries. The waitstaff are the one positive note. They were super attentive about making sure my meal had no dairy and the service was fast. However, the veggie burger just wasn't good. Whatever combination of veggies they use to make it just wasn't my forte. My boyfriend had a french dip. He didn't like it either. Definitely wouldn't recommend this place.
2	The menu is very limited here. I guess I'm a variety kind of person. The servers were nice so I cant complain about that. When I first walked up to the hosts at Mr. Luckys, they were chit chattering away totally ignoring me. It was some asian looking girl and a white girl with blonde hair. Being a former hostess myself, I get annoyed at stuff like this. I'm standing there with look on my face like "Hi, Im here to be seated. Soo....lets get a move on, people." Finally after a few seconds, they decided to turn around and acknowledge me. GOOD JOB!So we sat down and looked through the menu...Tuna Poki- Horrible. Had no flavor. The crackers it came with can dry out the Atlantic Ocean. The menu description boasted and said it was amazing. I was disappointed.Batola Pasta- Was pretty good, I guess. Nothing amazing. I specifically told the waitress that I don't eat spicy food so she offered to tell them not to put pepper flakes in it. I get my plate and LOOK whats in it! PEPPER FLAKES! Awesome! ....ugh...Steak- The steak was just like any other steak, the mashed potatoes was just like any other mashed potatoes ,...eh moving on.The Sliders- Not bad, Nothing amazing, but not bad. Jack In The Box sliders were better, to be honest.Nachos- Pretty much the saving grace of this place. It was actually pretty good. HUGE!So yeah, sorry, this place doesnt do it for me.But I got comped here by a friend so THANKS FOR THE MEAL, BRO!
3	I've been going to Mr Lucky's for over 12 years now and I guess my favorite reason to keep going back is the people watching, not necessarily the fine dining. The food is better than Denny's but not necessarily gourmet. This place totally hits the spot if you arrive into town late, are staying at or near the Hard Rock (like Hyatt Place) and need a burger and fries STAT. I always ask for a front booth to enhance the experience.So.. now to the food. We were there last Friday we ordered the following:  A BLD salad which was a caesar-salad like concoction served on toasted rounds (really good), a Turkey Burger with Avocado, Sirloin Burger and Red Velvet Cake. I would NOT recommend the turkey burger as it was not cooked very well and a bit mushier than it should've been. Needless to say, I did finish half since I was starving. The fries are really good.  M said his burger was "fine" and ate half as well. The Red Velvet Cake was alright; not too sweet and not too dry. I guess I keep going back here for the atmosphere and the convenience of drunk food.... and the fact we always see crazy ass people while we're there!
4	Mr. Lucky's is Las Vegas' answer to the 24 hour diner.  The relaxed space comes complete with a long counter, loud open kitchen, and trashy waitresses...ours even wore a necklace that said "Cougar" in large script writing.  Hard Rock Hotel guests make the most of the space for their hangover breakfast woes, late night munchies, and room service deliveries.  However, the food is good enough to warrant the trip from outsiders.Of course my friend and I fell into the category of those seeking mid-afternoon hangover relief, so we joined the line waiting for a table at the casual American staple.  We were starving, so when the host asked us if we would be willing to take the two remaining seats at the counter, we jumped at the chance.  However, when we walked through the diner, we noticed several available tables.  We had been duped into the counter seats, but we wound up enjoying the kitchen view so it all worked out in the end.I appropriately ordered the "Rehab" Breakfast, which included scrambled egg whites with mushrooms, sauteed spinach, sliced vine-ripened tomatoes, and my choice of toast or English muffin.  My eggs were well-seasoned, and the balanced plate satisfied every inch of my weary palate.  A delicious glass of freshly-squeezed orange juice was also included, which provided the necessary dose of sugar to energize for an afternoon at the pool.  My friend's Smoked Atlantic Salmon plate included a crisply toasted bagel, red onions, capers, sliced tomatoes, and cream cheese.  The salmon slices were perfectly smoked and salted.  Mr. Lucky's was a great option for affordable Vegas dining around the clock.  The atmosphere was purely diner-centric, but the food surpassed expectations.
5	Michelle D was our server.   Very friendly and always had a smile .    $9.99 prime what a deal.   A way better deal than our $150 meal at hard rock last night at Rare.The hot apple pie was off the hee zee.
3	This is a great place to eat after a club or late night. Simple American food. Other than that its just  good restaurant. But there is a hidden menu.Steak and breaded shrimp, salad,  and a side for $7.99its not on the menu, you just have to ask for it.Enjoy!!!
3	After 8 hours of driving, we decided to meet my cousin at this 24-hour joint in the wee hours of the morning.  It's not our usual spot for late-night eats, but since I've had good experiences (breakfast) here in the past, why not give them a try again?  Walking from the parking garage, we were amused passing by and witnessing some inebriated folk, dog-tired folk, and several trick-turning folk (freaks DO come out at night).  SInce it was 3 am, we didn't have to wait in any line upon arrival.The turkey burger was decent-sized and was served with sprouts and avocado, however I had much better in the taste department.  The turkey lettuce wraps were my favorite....with noticeable lime, ginger, and garlic flavors.  Service was prompt  MOST of the time.  Prices were pretty average, for a popular casino diner.  Aside from people-watching, I wouldn't mind coming back to try out their Asian dishes and desserts.
4	While his fellow degenerates were shoving their chips all-in on the Mirage's poker tables. our hero struck up a conversation with one of the players at his table.  She seemed a bit bored after playing for a "short time", which actually meant 6 hours at the table.  Turns out she was Randi from www.savelv.com, which is a really great online resource for finding free and discounted things to do and eat around Las Vegas.  Aside from being a good resource for food deals, she also knew some interesting Vegas factoids (like that the tallest Christmas tree on display in the US was this year was a 109 footer at M Resort, north of the Strip).  Taking her advice on steak deals around town, our hero made a mental note of the off-menu special at Mr. Lucky's in the Hard Rock casino for the next morning.The $7.77 secret special for an 8-oz. steak, mashed potatoes, and 3 shrimp on a skewer is a steal of a deal that's available 24/7.  It comes with a basic (but fresh and leafy) salad as well.  Our hero had his steak medium rare, and it was cooked to perfection with nice blackened criss-cross grill marks on it.  The cut of the steak was surprisingly good for the price and was very tender and moist.  Our hero's hungry and hungover cohorts ate it extra slow so that they could savor the juicy meat.  The mashed potatoes on the side were excellent and tasted very smooth and creamy.Even if you aren't lucky at the tables, you can still get a lucky deal on a meal at the Hard Rock!PROS:- Excellent off-menu $7.77 steak and shrimp special.- Friendly service that checked up on us frequently.  Even the manager walked around and personally checked on all the diners.CONS:- The regular menu items are somewhat limited and they have an odd combination of Western and Chinese food to choose from.
2	Came here for breakfast. The place is fun. I sat at the counter. The kitchen is open and you can see the cooks hustling and busling around cooking your food. I relay enjoy watching everything. I asked the waitress about a few of the items on the menu. Specifically asked if the chicken fried steak was made there or pre-made. She said it was homemade there and it was great so i ordered it! After a few minutes my food came. Low and behold the chicken fried steak was the pre-made nasty ones! Arg! I was disappointed. The food wasn't that great. My over medium eggs were sooo frigging runny i could have scrambled them on my plate. My bisquit was hard as a rock. I couldn't even cut it with the steak knife. Not the best but whatever.... I look forward to try the Steak house tonight.Dino...)'(
3	we stumbled here specifically for the gambler's special. its steak, shrimp, scoop of mashed potatoes, all for the price of 7.77 That's pretty damn good in vegas. The longer we're elsewhere is less money the casino can rob from us! The steak was a good size, and we got 4 shrimps grilled. Overall it was pretty damn good. I didn't try anything else on the menu, but the 7.77 was pretty damn well worth it.Went to play craps after with a full tummy of food. If the casino has robbed you of your money then go here for a decent meal.
4	More like 3.5 stars. Ate the $7.77 Gambler's Special that's not on the menu..not once, but twice! Seriously, delicious and satisfying. My friends thought I was a genius because I knew about this little trick. Could not eat it all both times. Steak, jumbo shrimp on a skewer, mashed or baked potato and a salad. The salad was ridiculously big and the ranch was yuummy!If you order to go..they charge a buck and it's still worth it to eat on the floor of my room. Service wasn't spectacular.Ate breakfast here one day on our trip and wasn't impressed with the omelette...too much milk and cheese and not a lot of veggies. Go cheaper and get a few eggs and hashbrowns. Perfect before you hit mid-day drinking :)What a deal! I heart you Gambler's Special!
2	I went to the Hard Rock last night for the Santana show at the Joint, which is an amazing show. I've loved his music for years. I was alone as I am most times so I decided to eat at Mr Luckys before the show. I was alone there also and we all know servers hate tables of one due to the smaller tip they're gonna get. Service was slow but it was busy. I ordered the prime rib special. Bad choice. I'm not a big prime rib fan but it sounded good for a change. I'm 60+ years old and this was the toughest piece of beef I've ever been served. I was even tempted to send it back(which I have only once that I remember. ) but I was running out of time to go to the show so I decided to eat what I could. If I'd not been pressed for time, I would have returned it. And of course, the server, while pleasant, never did ask if I needed anything else etc. Maybe if I'd made a different choice, I'd had a better meal. The other items on the menu look interesting but not sure sure I'd ever go back again to try them.
5	HEHE another place that gives me a warm and fuzzy feeling.  Ummmm yeah so vegas is the city that never sleeps....and so i guess you don't either right. HUNGRY?-French onion soup -Greasy Diner foodHappy place
3	Mr. Lucky's is a small-scale diner.  They've got a combination of everything: breakfast, sandwiches, burgers, steaks, tex-mex, noodles, desserts and various other greasy diner foods.  Someone mentioned that this is good "drunk food" - that's pretty accurate.  The service and prices were ok.  I think some people are expecting too much from this place!
4	Mr Luckys, located inside the Hard Rock Hotel (use the new parking lot on Harmon) has been there for me for over 5 years with consistently well-made food and a familiar but diverse menu.Many visitors are fans of the $7.77 steak and shrimp special or the $9.99 all you can eat prime rib.  Personally, I prefer to venture away from the specials here because there are so many gems tucked away throughout the offerings.The Fire-roasted chicken nachos would be just another order of good chicken nachose except for the cheese sauce - in my lifetime i havent found a finer queso. Its heat comes from the fire-roasted peppers and its creaminess versus most heavier cheese sauces makes it a great appetizer (most nachos ruin the meal for me).Dont hesitate to explore the apps - there's not a wrong call in the bunch and the diversity allows you to create some interesting sampler platters (build-your-own).You cant go wrong with a burger or pizza, but I've found myself at Lucky's at 3am more often than not, so breakfast is usually my urge, and the all american breakfast plate always satisfies.  For the meat, request the apple chicken sausage and youll find out what makes this breakfast special versus so many in Vegas.Finally, dont leave unless you order a coffee and chocolate shake (i usually order one with my drink to get an early start).The service is almost always on point, but the Hard Rock gets busy a LOT so try not to go after shows, after the clubs let out, or on weekend nights if youre in any hurry.Atmosphere-wise, there are a number of tvs over the diner counter, Americana,especially Vegas-themed, scattered about the walls, and the casino is right outside and open for you to watch the gamblin' fiends.The price is casino-average, with most meals costing 10-15 each.  Last i checked, Lucky's is on restaurant.com and you can get a certificate for $25 off of $35.For you travelers, the Hard Rock is conveniently located near the airport and a fairly cheap cab ride in... make this your first and/or last stop in Vegas!
4	3.5 stars.Most come for the $7.77 special for a 6 oz. flat iron steak, skewer of shrimp, salad and mashed potatoes. Others come for the unlimited $9.99 prime rib. I went for the noodle bar which was being advertised outside the restaurant. Too bad the noodle bar is closed on Mondays and Tuesdays... and I was there on Monday. Instead, our FABULOUS waiter Anthony suggested the teriyaki bowl which I had with chicken and the teriyaki sauce on the side. He even went and got me some of the chili sauce they serve through room service. He really made our dinner enjoyable. I had enough leftovers to last for TWO more meals. We also had the chicken nachos as an appetizer because one of my friends could not wait until a beer or two in to order/enjoy dinner. Surprisingly they weren't super heavy. I didn't eat much of it but there was still plenty of leftover after three of us attacked it. The queso was really good, the chicken was tender and Anthony brought us the garlic habanero hot sauce (which wasn't so hot but definitely tasty) which topped off each chip nicely.One of our friends ordered the chocolate cake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Very rich but SO good. We all had one bite and were happily satisfied. We also had the $25 off $35 from restaurant.com which worked out great. For the nachos, $7.77 special, teriyaki bowl, dessert and 3 beers we paid $35 including tip and tax. The portions make it worth it.The trip I previously made to Mr. Lucky's involved late night eating after throwing back a few drinks. I remember having one of their breakfast specials and MAN, it was amazing.
3	We ate the Gambler's Special, the $7.77 Steak, Shimp, and Potato meal.  The steak and shrimp were surprisingly delicious considering the price.  The potatoes weren't the best I'd ever had, but 2/3 ain't bad.  Remember this item isn't on the menu, you have to ask for it.The other menu items seemed to be moderately priced, but I probably wouldn't eat anything other than the special.
3	A solid choice if you're looking for diner food with a Vegas twist. Located in the Hard Rock Casino, Mr. Lucky's is a good spot to grab a quick meal on meal. The menu isn't anything special, basically typical diner fare, possibly a notch above than a traditional diner. The look & feel is Vegas retro with a throwback vibe. Service is usually pretty good and prompt.Plenty of folks referenced the $7.77 special, so I won't go into it here.Worth checking out if you're looking for a late night or early morning bite.
3	We ate here THREE (!) times on our most recent trip to Vegas.  Once for dinner around 9 ish, second for a midnight snack, about 2 in the am, and thrid for breakfast 11 am.First time I had the kung pao shrimp, I wasn't all that impressed, I've definitely had better. My accomplices had the steak sandwich (which she said was fab), french dip (another fab), veggie burger (ditto), and veggie omlette (ditto again).  So I was kind of disappointed by my choice when everyone else seemed to love theirs.Second trip around, I had the potato skins appetizer, it probably set me back a few lbs on my diet, but it was worth it!  Or was it?  I also dipped into JM's chocolate fudge sundae, which was not that great, I honestly prefer the one at McD's.  My other girlfriend had an omlette, with the hugest serving of hashed browns I've ever seen (I should have let my fork wander over to her plate but I was too full from the skins).Thrid trip before we left for home, one of the gals and I decided to stop in for a quick bite.  She ordered that french dip again, and I did the same... I asked to sub cole-slaw for the fries.  It turned up with fries.  (strike 1).  Sloppy waiter (Nicholas Cage look-a-like), wasn't very careful bringing the plates out and spilled the aus jus all over, so I had soggy bread.  (strike 2).  First bite.  (strike 3!).  I don't see how it can be so different from the other night when my girlfriend said it was delish.They were pretty slow at dinner time too.  The only really good thing about this place was that it was convenient, being located in our hotel, and open all day and all night.
1	This place is pretty bad.  I think I prefer Denny's 24-7 diner.  Or IHOP.I ordered the Sliders, and I looooooooooooove Sliders, but this one was SUPER disappointing.  The meat was lukewarm and not flavorful AT ALL.  I'm pretty sure they were the worst sliders I've ever had.  The fries were ok, so I tried to compensate for the very mediocre sliders with the fries, but potatoes just cannot substitute for meat. I should've known better.Service was not very good.  The server screwed up on a couple of our orders.  Totally not coming here again.
1	Sorry, but this joint should be called Mr. UNLucky's. Stopped in late with some friends from out of town. Service was no where to be found. We all sat there looking lonely and tired with a giant touch of pissed. Had the infamous gamblers special. Must be for losers cuz it was so pitiful from taste to presentation. I know......it is only $7.77, but it would look no better for FREE. Don't waste your time or your luck on this joint.
4	I love the diner aspect of this place.  This place has some pretty yummy food!  I ate at this place three separate times during my stay mostly for the convenience. Miso Salmon with cucumber salad-this was actually very good!Potstickers-snackLucky 7  deal...it's not on the menu and you have to request it. Pretty decent for $7.77.  Steak, shrimp and potatoes.  I think you get a salad too.  - after Vanity, I'm so freaking hungry meal.
3	We went to Hard Rock after a very late flight from MIA to Vegas and this restaurant was within walking distance of our hotel. Thanks to a Vegas guide my sister and I ordered the Lucky Number 7 Dinner which was $7.77 and came with a steak, mashed potatoes, three pieces of shrimp and a fresh salad. The service is a bit slow and the hostess was snotty but what do you expect, its Vegas. Though it was late in the evening, the restaurant was nearly dead but it still took forever to get a server. If you want to save some cash in Vegas I would definitely recommend this place. I mean steak and shrimp for less than $8 ? Yes please!
4	Truly a 3.5 stars - with the good service and attitudes plus unbeatable hours winning out over the overpriced items (though there are a couple of great deals - see below).Known for the solid if not spectacular $7.777 special (see everyone's pictures).  Nice and the price is solid.All you can eat prime rib for $10? Winner, winner - choice dinner!When you can find a restaurant.com $25 GC for here - snap it up.
4	I went here with some friends at 4 odd something o'clock in the morning and ordered the Lucky 7.  And because I remember bits and pieces, I'll focus on the parts I actually do remember.The service was pretty good, there were lots of people there but we were seated right away. We all pretty much knew what we wanted so they got crackin' on it right away. Probably had one of the best salads with ranch I've ever had in my life...I'm not sure how that is possible, but hey I'm telling you it was an awesome salad. Everything else tasted really good, the only thing was I asked for a medium rare steak and it was a bit too much on the rare side. But at any rate I still left full and happy!I'm going to make it a point to come back here (sober) the next time I'm in Las Vegas to try out the food again.
2	We always need food consumption after a night of dancing, alcohol, and...whatever else.  We ended up here after Vanity at 4a or so because one of the Vegas residence always comes here after her partying.  No seriously! The waiters even brought her usual order before we were given menus. But we obviously need to come more often so we get her treatment because holy crap did we have to wait forever for our food.  I think the majority of us were contemplating jus ditching the restaurant and going up to our rooms.  But alas, our food was served.It's diner and after partying food so there's nothing to rave about but it's not bad.  They even brought out a piece of chocolate cake with a candle in it to celebrate our birthday lady.If your in HRH then, of course, come here for eats but if not, then go elsewhere.  I'm sure there's plenty of other places that are prepared for the after party crowd and you won't have to wait till you pass out for your food to arrive.
4	Bed bugs usually leave bite marks in threes, breakfast-lunch-and dinner. Like a bed bug you can leave your bite track at Mr. Lucky's 24-7 at the Hard Rock hotel as it is open around the clock.Now there are deals that are not on the menu but spread like herpes over yelp reviews, those are the:$7.77 Steak shrimp deal$9.99 All you can eat Prime RibThe second deal, I just found out about and didn't get a chance to order, but my friend and I order the lucky 7 deal and my other friend ordered the club sandwich. The lucky seven comes with 3 moderate sized succulent shrimps. The cut of the steak was fair for the price you pay. It is grilled to your preference, for me medium rare is the only way to go. My friend ordered her's medium well. The ice cream scoop of mashed potatoes were unremarkable, a little gravy could have helped. Also there's a salad that also accompanies. Not a bad meal for a baller on a budget!
4	Ordered the secret $7.77 deal (steak, jumbo shrimp, & garlic mashed potatoes) that's not on the menu. It felt nice to feel like I was "in the know" even though I'd never been there before. The waiter gave me a wink, took our menus, and said, "Coming right up!" with a smile. You'd think for the price, the quality wouldn't be the greatest, but to my surprise, the steak was juicy, tender, and delicious. The shrimp were huge and full of flavor, and the mashed potatoes were very good! I recommend to anyone looking for a quality meal for a great price! Oh, and if all that wasn't enough, it came with a salad first too! :-)
5	The five stars I give is just for 7.77 deal, not on the menu, just ask for that and your set. I've always taken my friends there in Vegas, and when they go without me, they ask me where it was again...it's hands down a gem in Vegas, and everyone should try it...
1	My first two days at the Hard Rock, I thought this was the only restaurant option. The first meal was ok. I had a veggie burger and a side of sauteed veggies. But then the next four meals really wore me down to the bone. The food was simply sub par. I don't think it helped that a number of the meals I wasn't sober (although my guess is most patrons will be n a similar state) but one evening I had there pad thai and it was literally the worst pad thai I've had. One of the worst meals. I don't know what it was about it but the quality was just terrible.The service was helpful, tasty bloody mary's and even a breakfast option that I didn't need to make a single modification to--The Rehab breakfast. So thankfully, the final morning I found out about their pool side lounge restaurant, not rehab, and loved the experience there (the view wasn't so bad either). I can't seem to find that on Yelp though. Late night you can't do much else just don't get the pad thai.
2	2 stars for the food and one busser who's name I didn't get. He was a peach. Other than that service was fucking horrible. Who the hell hired Alex?UPDATE: be careful what you write about this place or you'll get a nasty email from the staff.
5	I did the $9.99 all you can eat Prime Rib after getting tanked with a friend! We ate soooo much steak!! It's worth the $10!!!
5	My Vegas "have to".  For whatever reason, going back I don't know how many years my friends and I decided this was the place where we have to come to in Vegas whenever we are here.  I think it was the attraction of the $7.77 steak and shrimp that brought us here and kept bringing us back.  When we turned 21 this was the place to come and people watch from morning until the wee hours of the night.  The food is actually good.  Had the usual steak/shrimp combo, and was not disappointed.  Steak was a little overcooked, but not overdone.  We also had the chicken nachos, which I think are fantastic.  90% of the time we walk out and say how we are not going to order the nachos, and what happens...we order them again.  But it's worth it.  Not to pricey (even by Hard Rock standards) and you can get a seat by the walking area and people watch as you down your lunch.
3	If you're starving after a long and fun night out but a little broke from all the gambling, this is the place to go inside the Hard Rock Hotel! Get the $7.77 steak and shrimp deal! What a steal!! It might not be on the menu anymore but just ask for it and they'll give it to you! The steak was SUPER salty and the quality isn't so great but the portions are huge! And it comes with 3 big shrimp on a skewer and a side of mashed potatoes. It's seriously an amazing deal for the amount of food you get. And they're open 24 hours which is a plus! Great for a cheap late night meal!
2	Kept hearing about the $7.77 special that isn't advertised.  Tried it and was disappointed.  Maybe if the steak was more than a flank steak or more than 3 bites it would have been worth it.
3	Mr. Lucky's is a good enough place to grab a bite if you're at Hard Rock--I'd imagine it's even better if you're a bit drunk--but it's not worth any special trips. The only good value is the famous off-menu $7.77 special, which gets you a salad, steak, shrimp, and mashed potatoes. It's decent enough, like something you'd make at home. The rest of the menu items are actually a bit overpriced, I think, for the quality. Service is good, the atmosphere is like your typical casino coffee shop, but you have to put up with the blasting Hard Rock music.
4	Good food. Good price.  Located at the Hard Rock Cafe, they have pretty good food items.  I think its open 24/7 so if you ever have the munchies this place is pretty good to try out.
5	I love the prime rib here...drools...so much so I have dreams about it, then I have to drive all the way to Vegas for the AYE deal!
5	My first meal ever in vegas a little over 5 years ago was at mr luckys, and the past two times i have been there it has been for the 9.99 all you can eat prime rib.  I absolutely not only love this deal but love how good this meal is.  I'm really picky about prime rib, but this stuff is cooked perfectly each time, comes with a side of mashed potatoes and vegetables.  Definitely order this and have no reservations about the quality of the meat.  Also, if you're at the hard rock for a concert let the waiter know.  When we told him we were their for the Kenny Chesney show he gave us a couple front of the line passes that allowed us to bypass a ridiculously long line right after dinner and enter the joint earl and get the spot we wanted for the show.
4	good steak.  Order the steak and shrimp. With mashed potatoes.  Its not on the menu, but its only $7.00
2	Drunk food at 3am as it's the only place open at this hour - awesome taste! Though, poor service, the five, yes, five tables seated after us were served first. Perhaps they had to go out and pick the vegetables for the veggie burgers?regular dinner take out - great service, but I can definitively say the second worst Pad Thai I've ever had. (worst was in Clayton GA if you are wondering)Nothing Lucky about 24-7, except the hours of operation. ahem, the strip mall across the street also has a 24 hour place, sadly didn't realize until we were leaving.
4	I visited twice during my last stay in Vegas. For my first trip, I went there for the off-the-menu $9.99 ayce prime rib, but we had to take round one to go and call it a night due to some overly drunk friends. In either case, the prime rib was fantastic, even though it was cold and eaten an hour after it was served. It blows Carrow's $9.99 prime rib out of the water (yes, I go to Carrow's, it's a cheap and quick fix for prime rib cravings- don't judge me). My sister, who regulars the place for this special, explained that while the prime rib is ayce, the sides are not. Therefore, if you like sides, you should ration them out as long as you'll need them. The sides weren't that special. Veggies, mostly- green beans and squash. However, the potatoes were heavenly. I must add that my to-go portion was eaten without utensils as we failed to ask for them with our meal... still worth it. My second trip was the night after as I was searching for a sandwich. The turkey club with chipotle mayo did the trick. It was topped off with a delicious apple pie that, for a crust person like me, didn't overload me with toppings. I will say the the place looked and felt cooler and more "happening" after drinks, rather than stone cold sober (duh?), but it's still a good spot.
1	First time I've been disappointed here. Service was slow, no utensil, no condiments,waited forever for check.
3	I only come here for their $7.77 deal, which includes a salad, steak, mashed potatoes, and shrimp.  The steak and mashed potatoes were mediocre, but for $7.77, you don't expect the taste of fine dining.  Other than the $7.77 deal, everything else on the menu is over priced.  I really enjoyed the duck appetizer for $15.  It was a good sized portion ( half a duck).  I would order it as an entree.
1	Being in a casino, you're rarely encouraged to leave.  This is the place you want to eat at odd hours that pretty much has everything. I'm a big fan of all day breakfast, and will order it at all chances if given the opportunity.Mr. Lucky's is a old school diner in the casino (think johnny rockets, just crappier).  The casino actually has about 5 some odd restaurants, but I think this is the only one open at weird hours.One thing I always get at breakfast is pouched eggs (cause I like them).  The thing that kinda bugs me about some restaurants is that they steam them into this little perfect briquette of a egg.  This is NOT how to poach an egg...  I mean, how hard is it to boil water with vinegar in it?I also got the ham.  The piece of ham I got was about 1.5cm thick.  Seriously gigantic in terms of breakfast portions.  Apparently this is where you get ham steaks in vegas at breakfast.All in all with the price through the roof (it is vegas...) and the mediocre food, I'd probably recommend going somewhere else.  There's a coffee shop that has sandwiches on the other side of the casino.  Go there... end of story.
2	My gf and I came here this past Sunday night.We ordered a burger, a pizza and ahi poke, all to share. The ahi poke tasted as though it's been sitting under a heat lamp for 10 minutes. The pizza, I KID YOU NOT, looked like a microwaved mama celeste pizza! We could not stop laughing, I was ready for someone to yell out, PUNK'D. The burger was edible, and since I was starving, it was the only thing we finished. Again, too many killer food spots in Vegas to ever come back here, SKIP IT!!!
2	Stayed at the Hard Rock the previous trip so Mr. Lucky's got some action from me. The first time I ordered the 777 special with is 8oz steak 3 shrimp and mash potatoes for $7.77.  It isn't on the menu so you'll have to ask for it.  It was way too salty but i ended up eating it anyways.2nd visit was at 6am after a drunken night. I ordered Chicken Fried Steak for around $15 and it was also overly salty.  It was ok but the salt was a bit too much for my taste buds.  Service was fine the two visits but the food quality and price isn't attractive. I only eat here if im staying at Hard Rock but would rather get something else at another place.
4	Why did I only discover this place last night? And why did it take an out-of-towner to suggest it?True to the cafe's name, they serve a Steak and Shrimp dish for $7.77. Lucky number 7 was on the money last night. Sure I was a little drunk from the Open Bar event at the pool, but I'd have to say that was one of the best steak specials I've ever had. It's not as cheap as the $3.99 Steak and Eggs at South Point, which is pretty good in its own right, but you get what you pay for. The cut of meat was pretty flawless and cooked perfectly. You also get a skewer of 3 shrimp, a mound of mashed potatoes, and a side salad.To be honest, the steak is on the small side, so that might throw you off a bit in this land of plenty. However, I'd argue that it's the perfect size. A couple of people ordered the all-you-can-eat Prime Rib for $9.99. I tried some that was cooked medium and it was tough. My steak blew that prime rib out of the water. I convinced my cousin to get another done medium rare and it was much better, but still not as awesome as my steak.
4	A little on the pricey side for what you get... I mean, $15 for some eggs?  But then again, this is Vegas so what can you expect.  The portions are good and the food is actually very good(or maybe we were just really drunk).  The chicken fried steak, amazing.  Chicken fingers, quevos ranchero, BOMB.  We tried a couple of the sandwiches which were just OK, the ruben is good, the tuna is NOT.  Great place to eat if you're staying at the Hard Rock, plus its open 24/7.
4	Grabbed a quick lunch here today. My lunch companion had the Chinese Chicken Salad and enjoyed it.  My entree, the hammered chicken, was a terrific healthy option for me...served with a small salad and no potatoes or rice, which was perfect. It was a very nice sized portion of chicken and I ordered it with very little oil and they accommodated me.   The fact that it was hammered thin made it so much better. Nice varied menu -- breakfast, salads, sandwiches, entrees.
4	Mr. Lucky's is really good! I've eaten here a few times, but have only gotten the $7.77 deal. It's sooo good! The steak is pretty delicious, along with the mashed potatoes and the buttery shrimp! The service is super friendly and very accommodating. The dessert is also realllly good! Definitely recommended!
4	Vegas people know there are two big reasons to come here: 1. the 777 special and 2. the all-you-can-eat prime rib. The argument could be made that you could go to a full on buffet for the 10 bucks the all you can eat costs you, but the times I have gotten it, it was excellent and I was happy.The 777 is where its at: steak, shrimp, mashed potatoes and a salad for 7 bucks and 77 cents. AKA the post-Joint or Wasted Space (RIP) meal of choice for me.I will say that the last couple times I was there the service was kind of spotty. But to be fair they were pretty busy both nights.
4	after moving to vegas, i needed a few "local" spots to hit up. went here for the first time because of a review i read about an AYCE prime rib and their red velvet cake (which is no longer on their menu. sad face.)AYCE prime rib is definitely tasty! comes with mashed potatoes and veggies. the au jus is on the plate for you, which kinda sucks because i'm a dipper and because the potatoes soak up the au jus. the 2nd piece wasnt as great as the first, but that was expected. since i wanted dessert, i ended up getting the apple pie, which is absolutely amazing! its served on a skillet and the server pours caramel right on top of the ice cream and it trickles down the pie and on the skillet. im a little picky about the apple:crust ratio and it was perfect! probably not as good as the red velvet cake that no longer exists, but it definitely cured the sweet tooth.since its a 24/7 spot, we come here a lot during midterms/finals to grab a study meal/comfort food to get us through exams. and of course, when we're craving prime rib and dont wanna drive to fremont street [i cant remember the place, but we went last year and it was the best prime rib ive had out here! must research...]the ahi sashimi salad is good. as well as the beef dip, french onion soup, cobb salad and the mr luckys salad. still thinking about trying their asian dishes...but we'll see if i ever get to that [asian food in an american chain isnt promising...just sayin].definitely a fan, and will be back for sure :]note: avoid going on rehab sundays, unless you wanna deal with the hungover crowd that wants to get something in their system before going out to the pool to get wasted again.
2	Pretty typical 24-hr cafe/ restaurant. It's almost like a johnny rocket/ diner knock-off. To be honest, pretty expensive for drunken steak and eggs at 2am. I mean... $10-15 isnt expensive, but I can think of other places around this area where steak and eggs is $2.99 (and pretty comparable in taste). Dont expect great service either during the weekend late hours (when all those who are intoxicated come out from the clubs to eat). I'd probably recommend going somewhere else.
5	Good service late at night there is usually a wait but I go there 2-3 times a week after going out . mmm
3	Don't expect great service- do expect (for Tourist Las Vegas at least) decent food at a comparatively reasonable price.  While most of the carnivore fare isn't that great, they do serve a decent veggie burger and fries as well as a huge spinach salad for people looking for a hit of B Vitamins without a metric ton of saturated animal fat.P.S. Skip the booths and go straight to the counter in the back if you're in a hurry. Service is usually much quicker in front of the grill, especially during the drunk rush.
3	Attentive staff. Great burger joint with above average fries.
4	I had heard of Mr. Lucky's from a close friend of mine who frequents vegas. He told me about Mr. Lucky's  777 deal and that I had to go, and ask for it since it isn't on the menu. Intrigued i made sure to put this place on my list of spots to visit when i was in vegas.It is located within the Hard Rock hotel. Opening the heavy class doors as you enter you are greeted with the sights, sounds, and smells of Vegas. People gambling, the ringing of the machines and the smell of cigarettes. You walk though the hotel into a "food court" style area with different restaurants and clubs to choose from. Mr. Lucky's didn't seem to really shine in the middle of the other places, but we entered anyway. You stand to be seated, which only took a few minutes. The waiter was friendly and quickly got us our drinks and order. All we said was "two 777 deals" he then kinda quietly asked us how we liked out steak and quickly left. Not sure if that was to hide the deal from others or that was his personality. The meal was surprisingly good for only 7 dollars YES 7 dollars for Steak, shrimp,salad and potatoes. The meat was cooked as ordered and was nicely seasoned and tender. The shrimp had a great flavor and was seasoned nicely. The potatoes were almost whipped and had a very smooth texture. I was very satisfied and full after finishing my meal.This is something you must do while in vegas especially if your on a budget. All that food for only 7 dollars it doesn't get better then that.
3	My buddy and I went to Vegas for the first time since we turned 21. To prepare we asked all our friends for deals they had come by and interesting places to go. One of our friends gave us the heads up on this place and a secret dish that isn't on the menu. It's a big slab of steak, 3 grilled shrimp, big portion of mash potatoes and a side salad for $7.77(not bad). Other than this deal the food is pretty decently priced if you were looking for something a little different. The service really wasn't all that great, I think we saw our waiter 4 times from beginning till end. Just to take our order, bring the drinks, bring the food and bring the check. For something that was a restaurant inside a famous hard rock hotel, I was a little disappointed. The food was mixer between alright and good. The steak was a cheap cut, but still very tender and good. The only real problem I had was the mashed potatoes. They seemed fake and a little watery. I mean it is a large amount of food for 8 bucks, but then again this is Vegas. What happened to the crazy buffets for 5 bucks. It was a good cheap way to bring in our first night out, but I think next time I'll try to bring a little more cash.
2	If you are staying at the Hard Rock Hotel and too lazy or hung over to go anywhere else, Mr. Lucky is most likely where you will end up.Don't expect fabulous food, service, or a good deal. You can expect to eventually drink and eat basic dishes at any hour.
4	777 is all you need to know when visiting Mr. Lucky's.I had heard from a friend about this off the menu deal that gave me a steak, 3 shrimp skewers, and some mashed potatoes, BOMB.com for the $7.77 price tag.  AND there's nothing a little A1 and ketchup couldn't fix. For what it is, I can't complain.  You get a whole lotta bang for not a lotta bucks.   I say you pocket the savings and go help support the local dance bars, win win for all.
2	This review is more about the service than the food. I went here last night with friends to try their new graveyard specials ($4.99 steak and eggs, $3.99 burger and fries). I had the steak and eggs, which come with hash browns and toast, and it was perfectly fine.The problem started at the end of the night. Our check came out to $22, and I gave the server two 20s. Twenty minutes go by and I still haven't gotten my change. After trying to flag him down several times, I finally get the guy's attention and ask for my change. He looks annoyed and says he'll go check on it. Five minutes later he comes back and plunks it  down on the table. I didn't leave a tip.I understand that people aren't tipping as much these days, and that has to be hard on service industry people. But there's a line, and this guy crossed it. He made it all but obvious that he was trying to hold onto all the change (like I was going to leave him a nearly 100% tip) and that really ticks me off. I love the food here but the service has really gone downhill to the point where I almost don't want to go back.
3	Caveats: these yelp reviews must be focusing on the price to taste ratio. Brought my grandma here for the all-u-can-eat prime rib. Poor dear couldn't chew the tough but tasty steak.
4	Late night in Las Vegas, and I was craving meat.  So, we came to Mr Luckys. Completely forgot the 777 special, but when we asked what was good, our waiter suggested the $9.99 all you can eat prime rib. sweet. meat. mmmmm.OMG. All you can eat? yeah, when the slice of prime rib is like, almost 2" THICK....you can only barely eat one...and I love me some meat, too. haha.Great service, great food, maybe next time we will remember the 777 special and try that. :-)
5	Stay at HRH for a week & considering I could not cook my own meals in a hotel room Mr Lucky's would have to be my food away from home LOVED it, first day we were there we ended up going downstairs to Mr 24-7. Ordered a burger for myself & my gf had the french toast plate & don't forget the Mimosa's!! Those were just as good as the food. Hit up this place several times while staying at HR & each time the food was just as good as the last The menu is a little pricey but what isn't in Vegas I did not know they had a secret menu until I read the other reviews on yelp :( I will be sure to hit up Mr Lucky's the next time I'm in Vegas, the staff was cool & prompt considering it was always crowded I don't know if it was due to Tgiving weekend or people just love this place but I know I loved everything about it
4	This place is real good. I went here several times late night to get my grub on. I was locked on to the NY Steak and Eggs for 4.99 cannot beat that. I ordered a MED WELL and got more like a MED RARE each time out. That was fine with me at that price what a deal They also have a burger basket for 3.99 that is pretty good also. I got the 7.77 which was nice but I prefer the STEAK and EGGS that is for sure it seems more like a full meal. The 7.77 is like a snack to me. ON FRI AND SAT it can get pretty crowded and there is a little wait. I cannot wait to try the AYCE PRIME RIB for 9.99 when I get back there.
3	The legendary 777 meal lives on at Mr Luckys. Can't really beat the price where for 7.77 you get a meal on the cheap including salad, steak cooked to order and 3 extremely tender shrimp. Don't look for it on the menu, it's not there. The 777 still carries a certain in-crowd cache among people in the know.
2	Disliked this place! The hostess was SO rude. When I asked for a booth, I got ATTITUDE, i.e. a MAJOR eyeroll. The hamburger basket was well-priced and no good. Burgers are usually a tasty vice - and here they were a chore.
3	OK... as a frequent hotel guest, I eat here often.  The food is always great, in fact I don't think I've ever been disappointed.  The service however is a very different animal and that's why only 3 stars from me.  One time, you'll get someone who is happy to see you and makes it a good visit, but the next time you get total indifference and sometimes even rude treatment for no apparent reason.I've eaten here 35-40 times and it's always like that... really good food always, hit or miss service.  In fact, I've decided that the next visit, if I get one of the crappy servers, I'm just going to politiely ask for someone else.I'm done with the 50% satisfaction rate in the service dept.  I like to eat to someone who's pleasant.  I'm not demanding in any way, just expect a smile. I like to tip well too and it angers me when I get someone who isn't at least friendly.  I love the Hard Rock Hotel in general.... fun place to unwind!
4	Get the 777 deal!! Steak, shrimp, mashed potatoes, cooked veggies, and salad for $7.77?! Unbelievable! You would think that everything would taste bad based on the price, but everything is actually good. I haven't tried the $9.99 all you can eat prime rib yet, but that's next on my list. I'll be updating this next time I go to Vegas. (=
3	Go for the noodle bar from 6pm - 2am nightly.  Otherwise, you will spend upwards of $20.00 for staple diner dishes.  Good service, cool "HRH" atmosphere but overpriced absent the noodle bar.
4	Mr. Lucky's was great.  You got a lot for your dollar and the service was wonderful, our waiter was excellent.
4	This is easy, even if your drunk, just remember these numbers:.50 for the Must have Country Gravy !!!7.77 secret menu steak n shrimp w ice cream scoop size ball of mashed potato9.99 secret menu ALL U CAN eat Prime Rib w veggies n scoop of potato
4	As far as the $7.77 steak and shrimp dinner goes... I recommend getting it medium-well done. I get crap for ordering well done steaks, but the chef's at Mr. Lucky's know how to keep it moist and yummy.  While I was enjoying my cooked steak, everyone else was chewing on some bloody meat. hahah Also, I do not recommend the mashed potatoes!Other than what I've just said, this place is pretty standard.  Cheap prices, good food, good service! With the money you saved here, you can go spend the rest of it on booze!
4	AYCE Prime Rib for $9.99...the only reason we visit Mr. Lucky's. We have had several really bad experiences here involving them running of or not having any prime rib. In fact, we tried three separate times during this last year to get the prime rib special and they were out of prime rib. We had some unpleasant conversations with so many different restaurant and hotel management that we almost didn't even try on this last trip to Vegas, but we tempted fate and went to Mr. Lucky's...and surprise of surprises they had prime rib.My partner in crime and I each had 3 large slabs of prime rib. It is not the best prime rib, but it is certainly acceptable for the price. The dinner also comes with mashed potatoes and veggies. Well worth the price but warning, they may be out of prime rib when you arrive.
2	Was dying to try the coveted 777 special that I heard so much about. Steak, shrimp, mashed potatoes, and salad for $7.77?! Heck yeah, I'm so there!The food was good, the service though...sheesh! It was just straight up awful. Our server was nice enough but he had way too many tables to give good service to anyone. Example 1: We got our salads AFTER our meal arrives. Being a former waitress, that has to be the biggest restaurant faux pas that could ever happen. We actually had to tell the person that brought our food (not the server) that we hadn't received our salads yet. Example 2: We had to flag several other servers down for drink refills. If you have ever been to Mr. Lucky's and ordered their coffee, you'll know that it comes in these mammoth sized mugs so it takes the average person a REALLY long time to finish a cup. He never came by once to offer refills. Example 3: We had to ask another server for our check. We just wanted to get the hell out of there. If you've got a whole lotta time and want something cheap and pretty tasty, Mr. Lucky's may just be for you!
1	Made an attempt to try the $5.00 steak and eggs at Mr. Lucky's after a wild night of drinking and partying at Vanity, Hard Rock Hotel's nightclub, and here's what they had to say to our party of six, "Sorry, we're out of steak."That sucked.
4	I did it!After so many years of hearing about the 7-7-7 deal, I finally made it to the other side of Vegas to try it. And you know what? It wasn't half bad. I actually really enjoyed it! For $7.77 you get a salad, steak, mashed potatoes and 3 small shrimp.The salad was well, a salad. The steak was tender. The mash was yummy and the shrimp needed a lot of lemon but was otherwise good.I have to say I think I will be back for this. Or for any of their other really cheap late night specials.
4	I checked this place out after the Santana concert. It was very still very busy after midnight. I had the steak and eggs for $4.99 and it was tasty!! I would recommend you check this place out if you are in the Hard Rock Hotel.
5	Well...  we here 5 times in 3 days on our recent trip and my group all agreed it was fantastic.  Great "diner-type" food at reasonable prices AND the service was fast and friendly!!!  Each time we were there this trip, it was busy and each of the servers was as friendly as could be!  Thanks Mr. Lucky's!
5	This place is GREAT for breakfast! My boyfriend and I stayed across the street at Alexis Parks and were enticed by there $4.99 steak and eggs special. Vegas has gotten to be such an expensive place for food and it was refreshing to find an old-school steak and eggs deal. Service was prompt and friendly, the food was great and we ended up eating breakfast here twice during our stay! Be sure to try the steak and egg special and the french toast with berries. Yum!
1	Went in last Saturday night to meet up with some friends, play @ tables, have some drinks, etc......Got hungry later in the night and wanted a bite to eat. Ended up ordering a Burger. Asked for a Bacon Cheeseburger no onion on it. Ended up getting a Cheeseburger, no bacon and onions on it. I was so amazed when I saw the burger I didn't say anything. looked like processed cheese slice melted on and patty did't look even to be a 1/3 pound. Very disappointing for a $13 burger.
4	Drunk off our asses...stumbling across the casino looking for this place.4 in the morning...starving.And....what do we see?  Steak and eggs for $4.99!!!!Awwww yeah....got me at Hellooooooooo FOOD!!!I can come back here anytime from midnight to noon for this cool ass deal.  I thought the portions would be small or the steak will be nasty....but wow.  It's pretty good damn it.
4	Lucky's is a great place for hangover breakfast. The $4.99  steak & eggs special is such a deal. Nice size steak cooked perfectly, crispy hashbrowns and eggs....If you are feeling the need for healthy breakfast, they have that too...
3	Came here for the 7-7-7 deal.The "7-7-7" is an order of: 1)salad, 2)steak, 3)mashed potatoes and 4)shrimp - all for the price of $7.77. 1)Ordered my salad with honey mustard dressing. I don't know how delicious a plate of salad can get....it was just salad.2)Steak was tender and perfectly cooked.3)My favorite item!! Probably because of the hint of garlic.4)Shrimps were pretty small....Being skinnier than the average young male adult, I managed to finish everything. This indicates that the overall portion was pretty small. But for $7.77 at a Vegas restaurant, we shouldn't expect much!!The service did not live up to my Vegas expectations.
3	Get the gamblers special - 7.77Steak and shrimpYummy
4	Love the french onion soup... This is my new favorite 24hour spot in Vegas... Wish it was on the strip.. You can also purchase a restaurant.com certificate, but you'll need at least 4 people to make the $35min bill.. Food here is pretty cheap, I try to stop by here every time I am in town after a late night out.. Definitely worth the taxi ride over here.  My favorite is the french onion soup... And we always get their steak and eggs.. which is about $7 or less..  Make sure you sign up for a rewards card so you get a better discount.
4	Great for the morning after breakfast, as t hey have a HUGE menu with almost anything you might desire. The 777 is a must have! steak, shrimp, mashed potatoes and a salad for 7 dollas and 77 cents. Only down fall the wait... I don't understand how the wait was so long considering there were plenty of empty tables! The hostess was no help, as all we wanted was to sit down and order a mimosa or Irish coffee to cure the hangover but instead we had to wait in line until the servers were caught up. Mind you; I waited tables while in college and the crowd was managable, I think the waitress was just a rookie. Other then that if you are staying at the Hard Rock its a must try.
4	This place is a classic rock star's hangout... after a long time of drinking 'til your liver gives out, this is the place at 4 AM where everyone hangs out.This time I had the old school burger and fries which was ok but the burger needed some seasoning. Rock on!
4	my boyfriend and i met up with a good friend of mine and his wife to test out the LUCKY 777 special and we were not disappointed! the steak was about 6-7 ounces with 3 shrimps on a skewer and mash potatoes. pretty darn delicious for $7.77, you can't go wrong with the price! even cheaper then fast food.... the item is not on the menu so you have to make sure to say "i'd like to order the LUCKY 777 special" :) they also have a "all you can eat prime rib" special for $9.99. we will definitely be back at the hard rock to try that out!
1	This restaurant is absolutely terrible. First of all the breakfast prices are $15 and up. That would be fine if the breakfast and the service was actually good. But the food is terrible and the service is atrocious. We waited at least an hour for breakfast on a monday morning when it wasn't busy. When the food finally came to us it was cold. I don't know about you but I can't eat cold food. This was a major disappointment when you are in Vegas, have a hangover and are in need of some serious food. Save yourself the trouble and do not go here.
5	$7.77 for tasty steak, a few shrimp and a salad is always a win in my book. I've done a few meals here and can't find much to complain about. It may not be the most romantic place on earth, and the beverages are quite expensive, but I'm sure I will return to this establishment when visiting sin city.
2	The service is not good.  I sat at the counter and had to wait too long for a server, my beverages and to settle the check.I had a BBQ bacon cheeseburger.  It was very good although I don't remember it described in the menu coming with both grilled onions and fresh sliced one.Good food, bad service and the wine by the glass is overpriced at $9.
3	Ask for the $7.77 special, everything on the menu is expensive...like $11 grilled cheese.
4	It's nearly 4am, I've been gambling, I'm hungry, and I have no food upstairs in my hotel room. Mr. Lucky's 24/7 is THE place to go after a long night at the Hard Rock Casino. We ordered the graveyard specials:- New York Steak & Eggs - 8 oz NY Steak, two eggs, hash browns and toast for $4.99. The meat wasn't the best of quality, but it was a good-sized steak. And TOTALLY WORTH IT for 5 bucks. We had $25 steaks for dinner earlier that night at Mon Ami Gabi, and we felt much better about this one. Blame it on the alcohol?- Burger Basket - classic old-school burger and French fries for $3.99. Not so good. The burger is smaller than I thought, and it was extremely dry. I had to steal one of my bf's runny eggs to stick in my burger in order to redeem it. I say stick to the steak. For $5 you won't be disappointed. And your wallet will thank you :)
4	Great place to go if you want to grab a quick bite to eat. Service is prompt and efficient. The pizza is ok, came out a little cold (hence the 4 star rate) but the ranch skinny fries are bomb. Since I live right next to HRH I'll be frequenting Mr. Lucky's more often.
2	I would rather eat at Dennys!!! This place was not really good. It was just something to eat cause I was hungry. Kinda bland. . .  !!!
2	Not really feeling this place.  Food wasn't that great and service was lacking.  I almost went and got my own drink because the server forgot it.  My daughter's sandwich was super dry and when she opened it, she found they smeared a tiny about of mayo on about 1/3 of the bread.  Obviously they aren't overly concerned with qualify.  My pasta was pretty nasty and very greasy.Wouldn't go back here even if it were free.
2	I don't really know what everyone is raving about with this place... besides the server, it was pretty lame.Nothing was SO good that I would ever want to go back.I had the eggs benedict, which was daring but usually in Vegas it turns out for the better--that was the saltiest ish I have had in a loonnnng time, and I didn't even try to eat the hash browns after watching my friend bang a piece of toast against the table and not only did it not break or bend, but crumbs didn't even fall off.I only suggest this place is Denny's is your idea of a good timeThen you will feel riiight at home.blech.
3	Good place to eat when you are drunk at the end of the night. Food is okay, not bad but not great. Service is okay, it really depends on who your server is I guess. Been here a few times and it is a little inconsistent. Sometimes it's great sometimes it's whatever. Kinda the same way with the food
5	This Cafe/Restaurant was beyond awesome!!!  They had New York Steak+Eggs Graveyard Specials from Midnight to 6am in the morning when I visited Vegas this past March's last weekend between March/25-March/27.  Eating here helped me save sooooooo much $$$$ from the start n' gave me great feelings about playing the slots in the hotel my friends n' I stayed at which was Harrahs on the strip.  You'll be a winner eating here during a time like this because this dish I ordered WAS beyond fabulous.  The New York steak was cooked very tender and enjoyed the hashed browns and the wheat toasts that came with it.  I'm suggesting future customers to plan going to Vegas in an economic way by trying out this Cafe inside Hard Rock Hotel and Cafe.  Two of my other friends who went with me ended up ordering the same exact dish I suggested.  Everybody left the Cafe extremely satisfied.  The dish was only $7 before tax and tips.....can't beat that for the size of the New York steak they provided!!!!~Hope this review helps those who are planning a future Vegas trip~
1	I wasn't able to partake in the super cheap NY steak and eggs combo that everyone else is raving about in their reviews so I'm going to judge this based on the two unfortunate meals I had there.My first and main incentive on eating at this place was to get a "Pass the Line" / VIP stamp to use at the hotel's big concert venue, The Joint. I consider myself to be a seasoned concert attendee in Las Vegas because I go to Vegas at least twice a year for shows. But it's only as of this recent visit that I've been told about about this Pass the Line VIP thing for the Joint. If you're familiar with this program at the House of Blues establishments, it's almost the same thing at the Joint where if you order an entree or spend a certain dollar amount (not just drinks), you can get in another line that gets you in the venue before the regular general admission line does. So I find out this information about an hour and a half before doors are set to open and I run over to Lucky's, sit at the counter and tell them I'll need the cheapest, fastest meal I can get so I can have that Pass the Line stamp. Even though I sat at the counter thinking I'd get faster service, the wait for an available server must've been at least 8 minutes. When the server came by, he suggested the chicken tenders. The order came by surprisingly fast. But no amount of ranch or barbecue sauce could've helped those dry and rubbery chicken breast pieces. McDonalds chicken nuggets taste better than this crap. I ate at least two of the four pieces to try to get my money's worth, paid my meal, got my stamp and ran over to the VIP line at the Joint. I should've left the Hard Rock as soon as the show was over but my feet and back were killing me. (How could you not  dance your heart out and lose your sh*t watching Arcade Fire?) I thought I'd give my feet a good rest before heading out again so I went to Lucky's one more time to see if they could redeem themselves. It was only 11 PM so I was an hour too early to get the steak and eggs. I went with the sliders because I didn't want a huge burger or sandwich and not that many places can mess up sliders, right? This was the worst set of hamburger sliders I've ever had. The buns were dry and seemed like they were days old. The meat was tasteless and too thin. I was annoyed the sliders didn't come with french fries, and after the server told me a side order of french fries was huge, I just went with hash browns. The hash browns were ok and that was the only part of my meal I enjoyed. Mr. Lucky's 24-7, you are on my Las Vegas sh*tlist. I always have good meals when I go to Vegas, and after eating here twice, I'm only going here if I desperately need that Pass the Line stamp.
4	We went about 8pm on a Sunday and there was no line. We were seated immediately. The waiter came back pretty quick, got our drink orders and our orders since we were ready. We asked for the "steak and shrimp special" and off he went. In no time our salads, with the dressing on the side, and our drinks were on the table. Not too long after we finished our salads our food was brought out. Our waiter did appear to be really busy, but we didn't hurt for it. My husband who would have needed a refill got one before he even thought about mentioning it to anyone.The food:Salad: nothing special. It was just lettuce, 2 cherry tomatoes, and croutons. But the lettuce was green and tasty, the tomatoes were perfect and juicy, and the croutons were crunchy.The shrimp: 3 of them were just grilled. If any spices were used on them, it was subtle and did not come through. It was plain shrimp, and for the price, no complaints.The steak: Wonderful! We both got ours medium and it was flavorful and tender! The potatoes: Yummy. Nothing very amazing, but definitely yummy. Not lumpy, just smooth with a good flavor. And all for $7.77 plus the cost of whatever you got to drink. We enjoyed our experience. Only reason it only got 4 stars is that, well, in Vegas, I usually expect really high quality food. This was good quality what I ate. And definitely could make Dallas restaurants run for their money for the price!
4	Always my favorite when your girl spends all your $ gambling. Gotta try the  777 it always does the trick. The place is nice and clean, staff is always cool. Really chill environment, vintage pictures and memorabilia of old Vegas
2	I ate here twice during my stay at the Hard Rock. Lunch wasn't as bad but the 2nd time back for dinner was less than stellar. The restaurant was absolutely dead and the hostess insisted I sit at the bar/counter. I told her no as I wanted to have a table. She sat me but wasn't very pleased. My waitress was nice enough although I thought it was odd that she decided mid-meal that she had to refill my sugar and salt/pepper shaker even though the entire restaurant was less than 5% occupied. You couldn't wait the 10 mins til I was going to be out? Really?Food isn't 'cheap' but as least casual and semi-quick service.
3	Every time we are around this area for a concert, or event, the first place we think about is Mr. Lucky's for their $9.99 all you can eat prime rib special. The first cut is always large, served with mashed potatoes, and a side of steamed veggies. The veggies are good enough to ask for seconds, but that is not part of the deal. After the first plate, you will begin to receive slimmer cuts of meat by itself. Truth be told, I am stuffed on the first serving alone, but I usually go for seconds to pretend like I'm getting my moneys worth. The rest of the menu is over priced. Some friends will order burgers or corn beef hash, but I can never get myself to do so. Most of the time they seem less than thrilled with their orders which makes me want to veer off less. The last time I went, the service was not satisfactory. Our server barely paid attention to us, probably because five out of seven of us ordered the special. Our drinks were not refilled in a timely manner, and everyone else around us looked to be higher priority. There have been times where we have received excellent service, but it seems hit or miss. Still a party of 7 with specials will get the bill to $70. If you provide good service, you will get a $14 tip. That is not something to frown upon.
1	I think I have a rule for food:  if it's not good even when I'm drunk, it's not good.  In that respect, Mr. Lucky's is a perfect NO.  Do yourself a favor... it's Vegas, so go big or go home.  Treat yourself to a nicer restaurant or grab some Mickey D's.
4	I have eaten here many time over the last few years,sober, drunk, someone  told me the next day that we ate their. I have always had a good experience. I have had sandwich's , breakfast, and this time I finally tried the steak and shrimp deal for 7.77.I have to say , don't know why I waited so long!What a great deal. You get , I'd say a 8 oz steak, 3 shrimp on a skewer , mashed potatoes (no gravy BOOOO) and a dinner salad. Highly recommend it and it's not on the menu , you have to ask for it .
2	I had eaten here about a year ago, after being out late.  Their Chinese soup was delicious.  We had heard about their 777 special (Steak and Shrimp for $7.77) so we decided to come back for lunch after a UNLV graduation.  The waitress was terrible.  I wish I could remember her name so I could warn other potential patrons.  She took our order, checked on us once and then never returned until we asked the hostess for our waitress.  We were parched the entire meal.  A few of the other entrees we ordered were, an open faced turkey sandwich (good), cheese pizza (gross, no flavor), breakfast plate (my daughter go sick afterwards), and the 777 special was ok.  I don't think I'll ever return.
3	All you need to know:  Not that good and very overpriced.  It was like $35 for breakfast for two people and its not like we ordered anything fancy.  Heck...I could have had a steak for that!
4	Pros: Late night $9.99 "All you can eat" prime ribCons: They don't have all you can eat prime rib all the timeKeeping this short and sweet. If you're looking for a late night meal, you can't beat $9.99 all you can eat prime rib.  The prime rib is seasoned well and the portions are pretty generous.$9.99 all you cant eat prime rib is all you need to know.
5	I came just for the special that is not on the menu which is the gambler's special. - 7oz steak, three shrimp, mash potatoes and salad for $7.77.  The meal was amazing and super affordable. My waiter was also super friendlily.
1	Worst breakfast experience ever in Vegas.  Went here from Yelp reviews. Unfriendly staff, ordered steak and egg special.  Price was appealing at 4.39.  No players card the price goes to $6.99.  Add a egg its 3.99.  Very average food.  Total bill for a simple, nothing special breakfast was $15.10. Don't mind paying the price for something good but this was a Vegas rip-off.By the way this was my first review and I use this app all the time.
3	I was in the mood for pancakes so since this was already in my hotel I decided to give it a shot.I got the buttermilk stack, which was just ok. The pancakes were big but they were dry and my last 2 pancakes were a little burnt but I guess the cook tried to hide it by putting it on the bottom.If you want to save a few bucks when faced with other restaurants in Hard Rock Hotel and not really expecting a lot of quality then I guess this would be ok. Just check all your pancakes first.
4	I'm a lover of steak & eggs esp in vegas!  Sooo why am I a fan of Mr Luckys? 1) they serve steak & eggs for $6.99 or steak & shrimp for $7.77     -steak came out tender, not dry nor overcooked.     -mash potatoes was good2) entree comes with a salad     -nothing special but I got my greens in!3) this spot is near the strip  4) prices lasts for 24-7Affordable price, clean location, yummy steak... I am totally satisifed! :D
3	While my friends and I had stayed in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino for 5 days I had  Mr. Lucky's experience twice....1) Dinner- ehh. not impressed. I got the Mediterranean wrap which stated had a yogurt dressing and hummus. I tasted practically no hummus in the entire sandwich and there was definitely no yogurt dressing. Plus super slow service.2) Late night- Mr. Lucky's redeemed itself with the Midnight - 8am steak and eggs special. When stumbling in from the strip at 4:30am nothing says cure my hangover like over-easy eggs, hash browns, steak and toast for an awesome price. I woke up the next day feeling fantastic... whether it was the steak and eggs or not i'll never no. But it sure hit the spot! Bonus points! When our group of 9 did stumble in at 4:30am at the end of our meal our waitress offered to split our checks up for us. However, for a real culinary experience seek elsewhere, but for kids on a college budget I can't complain too much.
4	Is this place the most awesome place in Vegas.  No.  But it does provide great people watching (right inside the Hard Rock casino off the strip) and cheap prices.  The gamblers special is 7.77 for steak and shrimp. You can get steak and eggs for like 5.99.  The meals come with a salad, nothing super exciting here but again, if you want cheap steak and eggs, you can come here and not have to brave the truly scary places.  Go only late at night and go only in need of food after hitting the table.s  We came here for our first meal after making the drive in, and it satisfied, but I have a feeling it would've have been even better after we were a smidge more bleary eyed.  I will say too as a word of warning, like many places in Vegas, the drinks are really really expensive and not that great.  Stick with the food!
5	My new steak and eggs spot on Veags. See my Victorian Room review for details.Note: Review might be a inflated due to blood alcohol level at the time of food consumption.
4	Gotta love the deals. We've gotten the steak and eggs and steak dinner which was $5-7, I forgot the deal, but I know it's cheap and good especially late at night.  I think the deal is only available after midnight? Must go!
5	This review is based solely on the off-menu Gambler's Special. For $7.77 you get a juicy steak, three barbecued shrimp, mashed 'tatoes, and a decent-sized salad. Well worth the money.Went at lunch on a Friday and were seated immediately. Service was expedient and enjoyable.Hard Rock Hotel/Casino provides a great, relaxed atmosphere for this small restaurant, and I will definitely be coming back every trip for the Gambler's Special.
5	We didn't try anything else on the menu, but for a hangover cure, definitely try the Gambler's Special! It is not on the menu, but it is $7.77 and a great deal it is! It comes with an iceberg salad, cherry tomatoes and dressing for a starter and then a nice tender cut of meat, 3 pieces of shrimp, and mashed potatoes. The piece of meat was the highlight, having no grizzle at all, cooked to your perfection!Drinks are overpriced here, so stick to a cup of water. Anyways, hydrate up because if you thought your last night in Vegas was crazy, the best is yet to come!RAGE ON!
4	WHERE: Located inside the Hard Rock Hotel.WHEN: Open 24 hours for all of you partiers!!WHY: The Orleans is taxing way to much for their steak & eggs now!! I've heard it's about 7 bucks?! No way, Jose!WHAT:  One of my friends has actually worked here for a couple of years, but she never mentioned all the amazing specials they had to offer!! The first and second time I sat down and ate, I remember having the quesadilla and a swiss sandwich! I did not have any complaints about the quality and quantity of the food or even the service!A couple months passed, my friends and I happened to be in the vicinity for a concert, so we chose to stop by before the concert (we were too excited and had way too much time). Beforehand, I prepped myself and read reviews about the specials, and stumbled upon a review that mentioned the $7.77 steak & shrimp special!!Right then and there, MY EYES LIT UP and I definitely had to see what I had been missing.(Tangent- Don't you DISLIKE it when they ask you how rare or well you want your meat, and it comes out the opposite of what you had expected?! I definitely do, and the cooks at Mr. Lucky's proved me wrong! My steak came out perfect! Everything was great!)The steak and shrimp special comes with a side salad and mashed potatoes or french fries. It was finger-licking good and worth every penny!! I was surprisingly back the next day! Haha!! Oh, and I cannot forget to mention how quick and great the service was, that deserves 5 stars!*NOTE: There are also other specials such as the 3.99 burger box, and also for 9.99, you may eat as much steak as you want!!!THANK HEAVEN FOR MR. LUCKY'S 24-7! ;)
4	Good place and good food.  Love the Mr. Luckys special steak and shrimp for 7.77 thats all I get when I come here
4	Had lunch here and actually ate something other than the steak special!I had bbq pulled pork sliders and they were very good. Just enough sauce & the buns were very soft and warm.My friend had the lox platter ans it was very pretty and she loved it.We shared a avocado bruchetta appetizer. It came with a salad in the middle with was a surprise but it was pretty good.We came in with drinks so we didnt order drinks.Our server was very quick and nice. I missed eating at Mr.Luckys. I used to eat here once a week years ago. I think I am going to have to start coming back here again.They steak special was always amazing.
4	Mr. Lucky's 24-7 is pretty freaking delicious! My friends and I had just drank a bit in our room, and of course we got the drunk munchies. So we head downstairs to go eat...We end up at Mr, Lucky's and we got seated right away. Our server was pretty nice as well. My friend and I both got chicken and waffles...and I gotta say that it was delicious! The waffle was big and cooked very well, not too soft and not too crispy, just right! It came with a bunch of chicken tenders which was nice because I didn't have to fight through any chicken bones, and being a little drunk who would want to do that! The combination of sweet syrupy waffles and chicken tenders was the greatest  combo I have ever eaten...I had never eaten such a thing, even though I had been dying to try this famous duo. Their prices can be a bit high, but not outrageous. But what the hell, you're in Las Vegas! Cheers!:D
4	Ended up coming to Mr Lucky's 24-7 (located inside the Hard Rock Hotel) because the restaurant we had originally made dinner reservation was no more.  I did not mind coming here, since I have never heard of them before and will be a new restaurant to try.Boy, I am glad that we ended up here at the HRH's version of an all night cafe.  Because their off the menu specials, which everyone at the table all know about (except me), are some of the better deals for Las Vegas.$9.99 AYCE Prime Rib (comes with mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables).  The prime rib was tasty, and definitely one of the top meal bargains in all of LV. And compared to the $3 sodas, the value proposition is a no brainer.If that is not your cup of tea, they have $7.77 Steak and Shrimp.  Pretty cheap for what you are getting.  Again, definitely an attractive offer for those saving their money for other expenditures (gaming, alcohol, etc.).Mr. Lucky's 24/7 now features two new graveyard specials for guests to enjoy daily from midnight to noon.* New York Steak & Eggs - 8 oz NY Steak, two eggs, hash browns and toast for $4.99 or $6.99 (without Rockstar Players Club card) * Burger Basket - classic old-school burger and French fries for $3.99 or $5.99 (without Rockstar Players Club card) Besides these specials, they also have a diverse line-up of food that is on the menu, from Breakfast, Chinese, to Burgers and Pizza.  Definitely something for just about anyone, at a low-end price range for a major LV casino property.Service was good, considering how busy the place is.  Never had to remind them about refills, getting seconds on the prime rib was fast.  Convenient and fairly accessible location, even for tourists.  Price is excellent.  Food overall was good.  A trifecta of winning combination sure to please guests of Mr. Lucky's 24-7.Yay! I'm a fan!!!  4 stars.
4	Came here around 2PM, with the worse hang over and no-appetite experience. We came here because my friend told me about the hidden 777 DEALLL w/steak. We didnt have to wait because we came in the afternoon. I do recall them not being able to fit a party of 10, so we split one with a table and one boothhh. :)FYI: open 247.
4	I stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and I came here twice to eat. The service was excellent: they made accommodations for my friend who was diabetic. They serve traditional American cuisine from breakfasts to burgers around the clock, so after you spend a wild night around town, you can relax with some good ol' American comfort food. For a tourist, the prices and sales tax can hit your wallet. This place has an open-format that looks onto the casino floor, so this place isn't the place if you're looking for a quiet place to recover after a long night. One of the best kept secrets is that if you are attending a concert by the nearby Joint music venue, you can get your receipt validated that gives you front of the line access for the often disorganized lines leading into The Joint.
4	Review is for the $7.77 non-menu Steak & Shrimp Special.  Repeat - it's not on the menu - just ask for it.  We arrived on Sat night at 8:00pm, no wait!  All four of us ordered the $7.77 special and each steak was cooked perfectly and it was a real nice cut of meat!  The shrimp was great too, potatoes also very yummy.  Green salad was lettuce with a couple of cherry tomatoes and croutons, basic but fine.  Service was fast & friendly.  This is a killer deal and we got more quality than we were prepared for when you're only paying $7.77 for steak and shrimp.  Hell, even at Sizzler you'd pay twice that and it would be horrible.  It's open 24/7 in the Hard Rock Hotel.  I'm trying to figure out just why someone wouldn't go?
5	i've been here waaaaaaaay too many times over the numerous trips to vegas...  i'm not sure what meal is best: - the 8am saturday or sunday morning, where the previous nights clubbers are slowly melting and whithering away in the booths, with only a handful of other partiers that are GACKED out of their minds from doing rails in the bathroom... trying to push down the $4.99 steak &egg special- the usual breakfast crowd where you see everyone in their best make-up, or hipster wear, ready to hit the pool?- the i-need-to-eat-something-if-i'm-gonna-keep-drinking-or-else-i'm-gonna-hurl-too-soon - or the ones that just got out of Vanity (which before was Body English [which before was BABY's]) and cram into Lucky's, trying to get a bite to soak up all the alcohol they just induced...i'm proud to say that i've been to each of these meals (minus the nose candy)... and there was something on that menu for each occasion.  the standards like club sammie, steak & eggs, burger & fries, are all on there, as well as a couple other items like chicken & waffles and meatloaf - these last 2 were shot down by the waiter at my last sitting this weekend. "casino diner's are good for their standards... not meatloaf or chicken & waflles...i will always come back here.  i like it.  and it's saved me from a ton of hangovers..
3	Went there tonight, figured I should have at least one steak dinner before coming home. The Gambler Special is a fantastic deal, good food at a nice low price. The steak and potatoes were very good. The shrimp was kind of bland, like it lacked seasoning or something, but the rest of the meal made up for that. I'd come back on future trips to Vegas.
2	My buddies and I ordered the Gambler's Special, which is something off the menu. It was $7.77, and it came with a 4 oz piece of steak, three shrimps on a skewer, and a few dollops of mashed potatoes. It also came with a small side salad. The food was good, but I was a little let down with the portion size. I guess we really did get what we paid for. Not bad, though!The reason why I gave it a 2 star is because I felt like we had a neglectful server. He didn't come to our table at all during our meal, and that means no refills. No one came to our table for a good 25-30 minutes, actually, and we were waiting for a while to pay for our meal. Not trying to act all snobby or anything (we could have easily came up to the counter to pay), but our excuse was that we were on vacation.Bottomline: I'm sure there are better options, and I wouldn't mind coming back to try them out. Hopefully we don't get the same server.
4	The food and portion sizes are pretty good and I love the I can get Chinese food and my boyfriend can get spaghetti in the same place :)
3	Some handy recovery food here. Nothing fancy, just diner type stuff. Thus far I've had the Lox and Bagels or . . . Atlantic something something salmon as they call it. I also had the chicken and waffles. Warning though--it's boneless chicken and waffles. Can you say lame?Mr. Lucky's is a godsend, however, after rough nights on the town. Also, the decor is kinda nice. They have old Vegas signs on the wall from random motels and such. The menu cover is pretty awesome looking too. Makes me wish I could grow a funny mustache!
4	The gambler's special is a great deal. The steak & shrimp was one of my favorite meals on our trip as they were both cooked perfectly. Every time I go it's always consistent.
5	Came here at 6am. Seated quick by a hottie waitress in a garage like uniform mini skirt number.  Ordered the steak and egg special for 4.99. Steak was tough but good.  Eggs an hashbrowns with toast fit right in.  They were a great help with my passed out friend at the table.  Bagged up his food and everything then offered to help me walk him to the taxi stand.  Would come here again next time I'm in town. This place makes you feel younger somehow. I wonder why.  Also, you do feel like a rock star when you eat here.  Well worth the price for the breakfast special.
5	GREAT SERVICE AND EXCELLENT STEAK DINNER SPECIAL!!! My sister had seen this place on the food network and wanted to try it out. So we headed over to the Hard Rock Casino and were quickly seated. We ordered the Steak special ($7.77). It comes with a nice juicy, good portioned steak, creamy mashed potatoes, Shrimp and a side salad.  It HIT THE SPOT! filled me up just the perfect amount! I highly recommend this place for Dinner or a late lunch.
5	Seriously, if I could give Mr. Lucky's 100 stars, I would!  I am SO glad that I'm a tightwad and looked at the Vegas.com cheap eats page.  If I had not, I would have never known about the gem that was around the corner from where we were staying.  The off menu Gambler's Special ~ 5-6oz steak, grilled shrimp, mashed potatoes, and a side salad ~ $7.77. (Looks around and whispers) "I'll have the $7.77 special."I felt dirty ordering it.   LOLSalad - Decent sized.  Cherry tomatoes were a nice touch. Steak - Cooked medium rare - OMG THE BOMB!  Perfectly cooked.  Nicely seasoned.  This was just like the steak we grill for ourselves at home.  Mashed Potatoes - Pretty good.  Nice and smooth. Not gluey.  Shrimp - Now, I love shrimp.  J on the other hand does not.  He actually ate his!  That's saying something!!  Now the portions are probably on the small side, but they were more than enough for J and I.  I was a little worried that J would still be hungry afterwards, but said he was stuffed!  We were not expecting much from a steak dinner that costs less than $8.00 and were pleasently surprised!  We went back a total of 3 times in the 4 days we were there.  The last being Monday morning for the $6.99 steak and eggs breakfast (steak, 2 eggs, hash browns, and toast).  Its $4.99 if you have a players card.  Service:  Friday Night - Seemed our server had other things on his mind.  Sunday Night - Improved.  A little more attentive. Monday Morning - This server ROCKED!!!!  We were techinally 2 minutes late for the steak and eggs special, but he gave it to us anyway.  On the ball with the drink refills.  I definitely think Mr. Lucky's will be a regular spot for us on Vegas trips in the future.
4	Heard about the 7.77 deal from a player at the poker table @ the hard rock.This deal-Incredible! Got the best steak of the trip here!You get a thick steak with 3 shrimps and mash potatoes. Meal comes with a side salad.Salad-goodSteak-perfectly cook and delishShrimp-good size good flavorMash potatoes-TastyThere also was a 8.99 unlimited prime rib deal there too. That deal came with veggies, unlimited prime rib, and mash potatoes.That was good as well. But please be advised additional prime ribs will be thin and may take awhile.Service= Not so good, waiter took forever for 2nd prime rib. Felt like he was not happy to be there. Will return solely based on getting a fantastic steak.
4	One of the best late night meals period. I've only been there 3 times but it never fails to serve me some of the best tasting food I've had. Great for a quick meal after a night of drinking. Do yourself a favor and try the breakfast quesadilla or the country fried steak and eggs, both are amazing, specially if you got that good buzzin from the night out. Service is ok, tell you the truth I don't even remember the staff, I just remember the menu and the food, and that's all it counts. So next time you're in the vicinity, and you're craving for a late night snack, make a stop at Mr. Lucky's and you won't be disappointed.
2	Place wasnt that crowded so we decided to go for lunch. I had the 4 cheese pizza and my boyfriend had the 777 (shrimp, steak, and potato). My pizza was good. the steak on the 777 was dry and tough. Our service was super slow. Wont be going back there again.
4	Good food at the right price.   AYCE prime rib for only $10 was crazy!  Great post-workout meal.  Steak and eggs for only $4.99 was hearty - much better than any of the deals you'll find in Downtown Las Vegas.  Breakfast foods are excellent.   Real blueberries accompany the blueberry pancakes.  ***Nachos are a must!  Real cheese that doesn't coagulate and stays creamy like the fake powdered cheese you get at the movies.   How do they keep it smooth?   idk, they probably add some butter to it.  Either way, tickle your inner fat bastard-ness and enjoy this.
3	What restaurant isn't good at 4 in the morning?  Sure I have to hold onto the hand rails to walk straight, but it's worth it for some chicken fried steak!!I have had a few dishes from here and they all have been pretty decent.  Chicken fried steak, chicken and waffles, strawberry milkshake and ........ well I can't remember the last one, but it was good. hahaEverything about this place screams decent food for decently drunk patrons.  Nuff said.
2	This place sucks ass.It's a poor excuse for a Vegas 24/7 diner.  The AYCE prime rib for $9.99 and steak and eggs for $4.99 earned them another star.  Stay away if you're not staying at the Hard Rock.  I felt pretty unlucky leaving this joint.  Should've jumped in a taxi and taken my chances at any other of the 100,000,000 eateries in Vegas.
5	the $7.77 deal made me feel like i struck it big all weekend. it's not on the menu, but the gamblers special is the best deal in vegas. a giant steak, shrimp, a scoop of mashed potatoes and a side salad at any hour of the day will keep you fat and happy with plenty of cash left over to waste on other vegas expenses.
4	Had an amazing burger here at 4:45am. Waitress was unbelievably sweet and perky while serving her guests who all looked to be in a drunken stupor. She even split the burger for us on two different plates. Fast service and it was clean. Recommend for late nite eats.
5	I was browsing through my friend's yelp account the other day and noticed that he had written a review on Mr. Lucky's 24-7. At that moment in time, I thought,  "hmm I wonder what I had said about this place..." then I realized, "what the hell? I haven't written a review about this place yet?!" I knew what had to be done, and here it is...my review on Mr. Lucky's 24/7!Located in the Hard Rock Hotel is a hidden gem known as Mr. Lucky's Everytime I go to Vegas there's three things I ALWAYS have to do. Number 1, put $20 on either black or red to start off the weekend. Number 2, get a Fat Tuesday to sip on while I walk the strip. Finally, number 3...at some point during my drunken debauchery I always have to get a "777 deal" at this place. It's the best deal you will EVER get anywhere. Not just vegas, but ANYWHERE!For $7.77, you get a perfectly cooked steak, three pieces of grilled shrimp, a salad, and your choice of either mashed or baked potatoes, or french fries. It's not listed on the menu, therefore when you walk in all you have to do is say "Can I get the 777?" and your in. This place was also featured on the Food Network's "Best Thing I Ever Ate," bang for your buck special. When I saw the dish itself on TV, I had nothing but flashbacks of good food, and drunken munchies at Mr. Lucky's.
1	Awful service. The watress was really rude and we where waiting for an hour before we decided to just leave. The final straw was when we asked what was going on and the waitress rolled her eyes at us.
4	Once again I love selecting great places for dining. Mr. Lucky's @ the Hard Rock Hotel was a winner. Too full to take pictures, this was a great hangover remedy spot. Our server was attentive and on point. We all enjoyed the variety of breakfast dishes we ordered. Sure, some of the items are a lil over priced for a diner type of restaurant, but hull-oh you're in Las Vegas, enjoy and get over it! We sure did!! Another to mark on our return list.
4	Where to get a diverse yet cheap meal in a casino??? Mr Lucky's that's where. From breakfast to asian, burgers, salads to the secret menu items, this is the place to go.I went with the $7.77 meal. Starts out with a nice sized salad loaded with croutons. Just as your finishing, your meal is on it's way to you. I nice portion of steak, mashed potatoes and 3 grilled shrimp. Perfect size meal to start your day or end your night
4	I visited Las Vegas this past weekend and stayed at Hard Rock. I at at Mr. Luckys for breaksfast twice and a mid day lunch/snack. I have eaten at Mr. Luckys dozens of times in the past. It is pretty much just a diner thats open 24/7 and you can usually get seated with little or no wait. Food is average, service is average but I still gave it 4 stars simply because of the variety and flexibility of their menu...if you have a group of picky eaters that all have a taste for something different, this is the place to go. You want pankakes at 7:00pm...they've got em...you want a flatbread pizza at 9:00am they've got em. You name it and they've got it 24/7. Like I said the food is average but I have never had a bad meal or bad service in all my visits. The simple fact that I have eaten there so many times and never really had a bad meal or service puts them at a 4 star rating in my book and the fact that they usually have little or no waiting is novel in a town with no clocks LOL.
3	we were lazy and had dinner here since we were staying at the Hard Rock, potato skins could have used some more sour cream...husband had the Gamblers special, mashed potatoes were pretty good, and I had the apple dessert which was pretty good, I was going to get the choc cake but the waitress said it was okay and she highly recommended the apple dessert...
4	Mr. Lucky's - where you can watch a guy pass out at the counter while two drunken girls try to wake him up so they could ask him if they could have his food, meet a random Columbian from Jersey, meet a guy who orders two meals for himself who says he'll have another order of food in the morning, have some girl ask you if you work there while you're wearing your pj's...    Only in Vegas...My friend and I were frequent visitors to Mr. Lucky's since it was the 24 hour diner located in the Hard Rock Hotel which is where we stayed Halloween weekend.FOOD:*Hot & Sour Soup - Way too spicy*Chicken Noodle Soup - My perfect hangover cure*BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger - DELICIOUS and way more than I could eat so it was taken to go to eat as drunken food later on*Ham & Cheese Sandwich - Ohhh so yummy and filled with thinly sliced ham and gooey amounts of cheeseWHAT TO KNOW:*Breakfast food is served all day*Chinese food is only served until 2am - why I wanted Chinese food at 5am is beyond me*Apparently if you have one of those players' cards, steak and eggs will cost you only $3.99 (I saw the guy next to us order it).SERVICE:The one time we dined here, our server was friendly.  He was also nice enough to take off the hot and sour soup that I thought was way too spicy.  The rest of the time, we ordered food to go to take back up to room and eat in bed.  To-go service is a bit slow.  They have you order at the counter.  While you're waiting, be sure to talk to random people, that's always fun.  Or if you can, if you're sober enough to call in your order, do so and you'll be able to pick your food up in about 10-15 minutes.
5	Gambler's Special.  Hell yeah.  5 Star.
5	As a Las Vegas local I try and stay away from the major hotels, but I'll gladly put up with tourists to eat at Mr. Lucky's. There's a "secret" $7 steak, baked potato, and shrimp dinner that I see a lot of people ordering, but I stick to the huevos rancheros or their chinese menu; They're both so good!If you're a member of Restaurant.com, Mr.Lucky's is among its featured restaurants, and it makes it extremely inexpensive.
2	Drunk dining at 5 A.M. and ordering the $7.99 steak and eggs "special" is always a bad idea.I asked for my steak to be cooked medium rare.  Instead it was blackened Cajun style and tasted like a charcoal briquette, inedible burnt gristle and all! My eggs, however, cooked perfectly over medium.  The hash browns were soggy and greasy, no crisp whatsoever.Still drunk and thirsty we ordered a few tall boys of Coor's Light.  Hindsight man says we should have just gone to the bar and not wasted money or time waiting to be refreshed.It was bad.  Really bad!  I don't think I've been this disappointed with a casino diner since I got food poisoning at Binion's.I should also mention the service at the diner was horrendous.  There's nothing like being ignored for twenty minutes.  But hey, at least we were drunk.
3	Perfect diner-type food in a diner-type atmosphere! The prices are a bit high for what you're getting but they are open all day and very convenient.
5	777.... that's it, you don't wanna try anything else, best steak ever. Never disappoints you..my favorite late night dinning place
4	My Lucky's is my go to spot .it's jumpin 27-7 ,It is consistently good. The sights are always interesting. The $7.77 Steak & Shrimp "secret " is a great value , comes with a salad & potatoes.Breakfast is great, many a morning i had the Oatmeal with The Prof. My Favorite recently has been The BBQ Chicken Pizza. This is Hands down The Best Coffee shop in Vegas.and Steve , They still have the Apple Pie ALA mode with ice cream :)
5	People's reviews annoy me sometimes.  Why are people complaining about this place?????????  You're obviously not paying a lot for the food, this isn't going to be the French Laundry.  Just enjoy what you get!!!!  You're seriously paying as much as you would at Carl's Jr.  Sorry about that, so anyway I got the $7.77 steak and shrimp.  The steak was cooked perfectly to order.  Delicious, and the mash potatoes tasted very real to me.  Anyway, amazing deal.  You have to check it out.  I have to try the Prime Rib everyone is talking about.  Sounds great.
4	If you go to the hard rock casino. Try mister lucky's restaurant. Order the 777 and get a great steak and 3 shrimp , mashed potatoes and a salad.  All for 7 dollars and 77 cents .
4	Came back for the 7.77 deal. You get- side salad, sirloin steak, mashed potatoes, and 3 shrimps on a skewer.Salad was awesome- had it with bleu cheeseSteak wasn't as fantastic as last time.If you come here I recommend getting the unlimited prime rib for 9.99. Warning-these deals are not on the menu.
2	I would say there are so many better late night diners than this place. While I love HRH and go almost weekly (best cocktail service ever), this diner is just awful Its a tourist trap for sure.. I have yet to get a well made omelet, REAL hash browns, warm toast or a decent cup of coffee. All staples of the late night fare. Mr. Luckys misses the boat on all of these simple staples. And it aint cheap either! My husband and I paid over 30 bucks for this awful fare. Service was less than attentive as well. Vacant servers, serving bad breakfast food just isnt worth it to us  just because its a "hipster" (fake hipster) place.. Ill stick with El Cortez' diner. Not as "cool" but, yes..INCREDIBLE late night breakfast for dirt cheap and great egg special cooked perfectly for 5 bucks a plate.  And downtown is the new cool hang after all. Sorry Mr. Luckys....you've lost your way for the sake of cashing in from the tourists; you're missing the local market big time.
5	Okay, so we went here to eat strictly by accident. We were simply going to the Hard Rock to pick up some Vegas memorabilia (but they were closed) and the 6.99 NY Steak special caught my husbands eye. We ordered and our food was served quick and efficiently. Our server was a nice guy named Joshua. Now, I must say that for 6.99 I was not expecting alot, but what I got was so much more. The steak was cooked perfectly and was a very good size. The eggs and potatoes that it came with were awesome and I was pleasantly surprised at how good the meal was. We did order a couple of drinks, which far exceeded what we spent on the actual meal. So in a nutshell, the food is great, but the drinks are overpriced.
5	I decided to eat here after reading about decent cheap places to eat in Vegas. 3 of us in our party ordered the secret menu 777 special. The $7.77 special consists of a delicious steak, 3 shrimp, garlic mashed potatoes, salad and veggie. Excellent! My son and boyfriend ordered the $9.99 secret prime rib special. There's were good too! Definitely recommend this place especially if you want to get off the strip and save a few bucks.
2	Second time I have eaten here, and the food was forgettable both times.  I am in Vegas a lot (about 8-10x/year) for work.  Went there one work trip for dinner with some other friends in town for same convention, and I went again about 2 weeks ago for breakfast. They were accommodating and nice overall, but the service was reaaaallllyyyyy sloooooooowwwwwwwwwwww (note: as slow as it took for you to read all those extra letters, or what you are currently reading in this parenthesis), and the food was bland.  I don't even actually have any idea what I had there for dinner first time I was there. I understand this place is "Mr Luckys" and not "Mr Chow" (in Beverly Hills), but I would hope that one person paying $30 for breakfast would end up with something a little tastier.  If the prices were lower for the quality of the food, I would probably give it a star or two more, but I was just not that excited and won't be back there unless I am forced to (again) by lack of options and a furious hunger that can't be cured by POP Chips from the overpriced tourist convenience store.
5	honestly... this is the best thing in the hard rock at 4:30 a.m. after going way too hard at Vanity... the "secret" menu is spectacular. I mean come on. $7.77 steak and shrimp and $9.99 AYCE prime rib?! (like you need more than just one slab?!) for a sunday night after partying with the mountain dew tour kids this is the place to go. the waitress we had was super freaking nice! i was a bit shocked, I might have been a bit (a lot) tipsy but she was very nice... def gonna go hit up this place again... prob not sober though.
4	Got the munchies late night? well Mr.Lucky's has to offer a lotits cheap, fast, and good food. That is if you get anything off of the specials menu otherwise the food is somewhat pricey for the food where you can go anywhere else on the strip for a better deal.Always check out the specials that they have to offer when I was in Las Vegas we stayed at the hard rock and I ordered the famous triple 7 special which comes with a steak, potatoes, shrimp for $7.77 and the steak and eggs for $4.99 remember to show your rockstar club membership to get the discounts and to double check your receipts just to sure they get it correct.Overall next time I'm at the Hard Rock and its 4am going to stop back in for my fix.
5	My husband and i have made it a tradition to come here everytime we come to Vegas! Been coming here for many years now and we always order ONE thing and one thing only.... the Gamblers special... For $7.77 you get a steak (DELISH!) grilled shrimp mashed potatoes and salad. We only drink water and our total usually always just comes out to $16. Next time you're here... Ask for the Gamblers special and its off the menu! :)
4	They have a yummy mongolian beef dish!
4	My past review was harsh but these guys are always packed. I went there this past week & the service was excellent . Our waiter Brandon took very good care of us, he pays attention to detail he didn't forget one thing! great work! I had the chicken fingers & a salad w/ Italian dressing.
2	Your basic Denny's breakfast classics, with better but not top shelf ingredients.  Hard to get excited by oatmeal with brown sugar, even if it is "organic."  Expensive, but WTF, you better be "up"  in the town known as Lost Wages, and you know, the Hard Rock has to pay their energy bill on time.
3	Good value if you stick to the specials and is open 24/7 to fill that late night void.The Lucky 7 has unadvertised specials (Thanks to my fellow reviewers at Yelp! Without you I would be in the dark!)Try the $7.77 special consisiting of steak, potatoes and salad or the $4.99 breakfast special of steak and eggs. These specials are NOT on the menu so you have to ask for them! Keep in mind you aren't getting gourmet fare for those prices but a basic, tasty, comfort meal. The mashed potatoes were not homemade but instant. It's OK to fill the void at 2AM when nothing else in the complex is open. If you are on a tight budget you can eat  well with the Lucky 7 specials.They also have some Asian selections that I eyeballed which were artfully presented and looked delicious but when we were there at 2am a group of people had placed a large Asian order and we were told that since there was only 1 Asain chef preparing meals at that hour, the wait would be longer than if we ordered off the regular menu. The regular menu consits of salads, sandwiches, burgers and familiar Americana fare.
3	Midnight specials are such a deal, just present your Rockstar Club cards.  Just a heads up, nothing to blow your mind on those deals though...food were just ok. Order from the regular dinner menu & you'll get more better tasting food!
4	I was at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino for four days and Mr. Lucky's 24-7 was a popular option. I heard of the 7-7-7 deal, which is a salad, steak, shrimp, and mashed potatoes for $7.77. When my friend told me about it, I didn't believe it. Seriously, $7.77? I was told it its not on the menu, which makes matters worse; I don't want to look like an idiot and order something that doesn't exist.I was seated and got a cute hostess, I ordered my drink, and then ordered the 7-7-7 deal without any problems.  The salad came out first, which is a nice portion size and not too filling.  Up next was the steak, which I ordered medium rare, but seemed more rare than anything else. The shrimp and mashed potatoes were perfect. The steak was great, but was more rare than I would of liked. It'd been about 24 hours since the last time I ate, so I didn't care and stuffed it down.The mashed potatoes were especially delicious and the service was just as great. I was amazed at the food, value, and service. I would of really liked to come back and try other dishes, but the nightlife in Vegas doesn't allow for any pre-planned plans.   However, I will be back, Mr. Lucky's 24-7.Ambiance: 3 Stars (out of 5)Food: 4 Stars (out of 5)Service: 4 Stars (out of 5)Price: $ (out of 4)Overall: 4 Stars (out of 5)
4	Like others have said, the gambler's special is a great deal. The steak is nicely seasoned and pretty tender. Of course, it's not a gourmet steak, but very good for a diner steak. It also comes with a nice sized salad, mashed potatoes and a skewer of shrimp.
2	I went to Lucky's in November of 2010 and wasn't really impressed.  The price was good.  However the prime rib that I had look wonderful and the first few bites where then in got very tough and hard to chew.  Again the prices are good for a budget but you really do get what you pay for here.
4	i have been to this place twice and have tried breakfast both times. made my own omelet and loved it. their dried tomato is to die for. it gives an amazing tangy taste to your omelet. i was staying at the Aria and had to come back just for the omelet with the dried tomatoes.
2	Not much to say, not a bargain.  If I were in the HRH and hungry, I'd swing around the corner and hit Pink Taco.  Better meal, same hotel.
4	I stayed at the HRH and this place was just downstairs. I went twice during my weekend stay. The first visit i ordered a chicken noodle soup and had some of my friends Cobb Salad. This was at 4am which is why i ordered just a soup, didn't need anything heavy before going to bed. The soup wasn't great, the salad on the other hand was HUGE and well worth it, especially for what you can find open at 4am in Vegas without a car. We decided to go to dinner there because the cab-fees were getting a little steep. I had seen this place on the Food Network on "The Best ...." Cheap Eats edition, and remembered it. I ordered the $7.77 deal, which isn't on the menu but they will honor it. I ordered my steak -medium (i usually order medium-well) but this time Medium was just fine since it is a diner. The meal came with mashed potatoes and a side salad. Worth my $7.77 and will be returning. Can't beat the price for a steak dinner!
2	Bad place for breakfast the bill was pricy and the food was ok but not the greatest!
4	It's bang for your buck here anytime.  Two deals here- 7.77 for a steak and shrimp dinner and a 9.99 for an all you can eat prime rib dinner! What more can you ask for?I've tried the steak and shrimp dinner the other day.  It was excellent for the price.  The meat was perfectly cooked and a pretty good cut. Service is decent, but a bit rushed..
3	After a couple years this place needs a review update. There have definitely been cut back in the quality and quantity of food provided here. The servers though are still great. They still have the secret $7.77 deal which gives you steak, shrimp and potatos. However the breakfast dishes no longer come with a fresh warm mini-muffin.I ordered the Eggs Benedict, the portions were small. The small portion of hash browns they give was a little ridiculous, maybe about 5 bites.We also ordered a waffle, it oddly tasted almost like Frosted Flakes cereal. It probably came from a pre-mix supermarket "just add water" box.
5	This is the best food for late night. Been here many times after a night out only to be satisfied by the steak and eggs and a chocolate shake. The 7-7-7 special is tremendous (Steak and Shrimp for $7.77). The place gets pack on the weekends so don't be afraid to hit the counter for some quick service.
4	Another day, another gamblers special.I have been to this restaurant more times than I can count. For starters, the HRH houses one of my favorite clubs (Vanity). It also happens to be the host for several annual events that I attend. So even though I have never stayed here I always seem to wander over to this off-strip hotel at least once during each Vegas visit.And since Mr. Lucky's is open all day, has decent prices and is conveniently located... it is my go-to stop whenever I get drunk munchies, regular munchies or just need a place to sit down for a while.Most of the time I order the Gambler's Special. It isn't on the menu but those "in the know" know that it is a sirloin steak, choice of potato, side salad and 3 skewered shrimp. It is only $7.95 and always has been. The Gambler's Special is usually great. I have only had one bad experience where the steak was inedible. The shrimp has always been well seasoned and the salad is a decent side salad.Other items I have ordered are full size salads, sides of mashed potatoes and the hummus/pita appetizer. The hummus/pita appetizer is a large serving. If you are ordering it for only one person... don't order anything else. Some of the items can be a bit over-priced so I don't think I would order a regular on-menu entree. Service can be great or lacking. Either way, the meal comes out quick.Bonus: They now have a slew of flat screens to keep you entertained in case the people you are with are lame or passed out.
3	I've dined at quite a few Las Vegas cafes, and must say that Mr. Lucky's is one of my favorites.I particularly like the Wild Turkey Sandwich, with a side of slaw (in lieu of fries) for $11.99.  It's a turkey sandwich on grilled sourdough, both cheddar and jack cheese, mushrooms, 1000 island dressing, and a lil kick with some jalapenos.  Yum!Make sure to bring your Rockstar player's card with you to get the late night specials (12am-8am), which include steak and eggs ($4.99), or a "burger basket" ($3.99).  I haven't had the burger basket yet, but you just about get what you pay for with the steak and eggs.  Regardless; great late night drunk munchies.Tip: Check out the off-the-menu "Gambler's Special"; which includes steak, shrimp, mashed potatoes, and salad for only $7.77.
4	This "diner" is on my short list of "must visit" spots in Vegas. Ever since I discovered the $7.77 gambler's special years ago, I feel like I must hit it up during each Vegas trip. Its one of the best deals going out there. I was here a couple days ago, and it looks like they are expanding, which is great news since this place can get crowded at peak hours. It does seem to take a bit for your food too arrive, especially after a night of partying, but its worth it. I have never been there with anyone that didnt really like their food. Like I said, the gambler's special is great. Hard to beat a salad, mashed potatoes, a shrimp skewer and a well cooked steak for under $8. Its not the best steak you will ever have, but thats not why you come to a diner type eatery. Do yourself a favor and hit this spot on your Vegas trip.
4	Excellent Food, Excellent Service, Excellent Price.
5	Always great service here! Friendly waiters, good food at decent prices...you get a little more than what you expect on the flavour side :)I definitely recommend this restaurant, EVERYTHING on the menu is delicious!
3	Sliders good, old dinner feel without the service.  Don't get me wrong servers were nice but if u are sitting at the counter u didn't have one person  dedicated to serving u.  It was just who ever walks by so no napkin, no refill on water I should have gotten a table
3	Food is kind of pricey for a late night joint in Vegas.
5	Our first meal was breakfast on the house because we had a $40 dinning credit from the hotel with the living social deal. I got the Rehab burrito with egg whites and my wife had the Hard Rock breakfast and both were great. The server was a real cool dude and read my mind by asking me if we needed some Bloody Mary's.The next day for lunch is why I'm giving this place 5 stars, all because of the wonderful manager named Cheryl Schwochert. Rather than having to go down to the business center and pay to go online and pay again to print out a coupon we had for lunch she allowed me to email it to her and she printed it out herself. I only had the certificate number on my iphone but she was so cool about it. This is the kind of customer service that I'm talking about that makes a establishment great. It's this kind of attitude that can make the food great and the atmosphere great. We had a great time every meal that we had and have not one complaint.BTW get the smoked salmon, delicious.
1	one star for open 24/7.Bad food, tried a few times and gave chances on different dishes but everything tasted worse than Denny's.Very slow even when there were only 5 tables. I wanted to order takeout, they pointed me to the kitchen counter area, waited for 4min, no body served me, left.Service - bad! They don't smile or say "thank you" when I paid or even when I left the restaurant.If you have other choices, don't pick here!
4	The food was so good at dinner, we went back for breakfast the next morning! & both times our waitresses were super friendly! Would definitely recommend it to anyone staying near the hotel to stop in for a bite.
5	Love it here! Pita and hummus app for $10 is huge, can share it with 4 people. Secret menu: ayce primerib after 4pm is only $10. Gambler's special- steak and shrimp with mash is also awesome.
3	I had the prime rib special and it was actually good for the price. Service was excellent. Waiter brought more when I didn't ask. Lol. I couldn't even finish it. It's a good place to try out but wouldn't come here since I would want to try out other restaurants. I would only come if I was staying at Hard Rock Hotel. Otherwise, no.
4	Go for the $7.77 special (not on the menu) and you won't be disappointed.  We used to only go to Ellis Island for our cheap steak dinner but this one has it beat.  The steak is a better cut, the shrimp were very fresh and even the salad was very good.  On top of this, our waitress was extremely friendly and patient even at 1AM.
4	I've ate at a Mr. Lucky's a few times and it's a nice attachment to the Hard Rock.Most casinos have over priced food, especially nicer, boutique'esq hotels, but the Hard Rock has pretty decent prices for a cafe at the Hard Rock. I've tried their breakfast and one of their burgers. Both had good flavors, and I didn't spend more than 10 bucks on each of them, I think about the $7-8 range, not bad.
4	We read on las Vegas vegan that me luckys had the best vegetarian burger on the strip so we walked there in 98 degree weather, 1 mile each way.  It was totally worth it.  The burger was crunchy on wheat bread.  The French fries were so so but would recommend.
1	This place sucks.Mr. Luckys 24/7 fusion cafe...Chinese and American to be exact.Go serve yourself a burger and egg roll and wash it off with some bud light. Terrible combo.Had the fried rice and spare rib thinking it was gonna be decent chinese food..EHHH!!!! Tasted more like Costco frozen fried rice, and ribs that were cooked the day before added with that sweet and sour sauce and placed back in the oven to be burnt. For $25 my girlfriend and I weren't very please. Great service, not so great food.I was hungry and desperate therefore a cliff bar wasn't an option at 10 pm.
4	Tried their $7.77 steak and eggs and it was delicioussssssss!! I need to come back to try their $9.99 AYCE prime rib which starts at 12midnight.
1	My friends and I shared the nachos. Within 25 minutes all 3 of us became nauseous and vomitted. However, we had sandwiches earlier that week from there and they were fine. I will never go back - you could say my second experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
5	Secret menu $7.77 for steak and shrimp is a steal. Salad is served as an appetizer, and the entree comes with a sizable piece of steak, 3 pieces of shrimp, and mashed potatoes. I was left feeling full. In fact, I could not finish my plate. Great value in Vegas. Service was also top notch.
4	This is the spot to go after a rocking concert for late night eats!Open 24/7 to satisfy that late night after party hunger, or that mid afternoon hangover you are nursing after a night out that you can barely recall. Mr. Lucky's is there to take care of you with a fusion menu of American and Chinese offerings. Even the prices are not too painful considering it's in a casino where most things are overpriced.After the concert at The Joint last night I was starving so we made the no-brainer decision to hit Mr. Lucky's and glad we did. They serve breakfast all night and I went right for thee "Rehab" Breakfast - healthy style which I appreciated! It included scrambled egg whites with mushrooms, sauteed spinach, sliced vine-ripened tomatoes, lettuce, and a choice of bread or English muffin. The eggs were cooked just right and there was a lot on the plate. Along with whole wheat toast and a huge cup of coffee this hit the spot.They also have a few late night specials which are not usually on the menu - a "secret" $7.77 steak and eggs that is pretty darn good that I had a few times, and a $9.99 all you can eat prime rib deal which starts at 12 midnight. Who says you can't eat good for cheap in Vegas anymore?Service is cheery and attentive with some cute waitresses. This place is a scene for late night people watching, and kinda fun especially after a big concert lets out. Sure, it's a glorified diner, but where else can you listen to great rock music while chowing down? Rock on! \m/
2	I really didn't have a good experience at this place. My friends and I ordered their $7.77 steak special and we asked for medium rare and it came out over cooked! The steak was so chewy I didn't want to eat anymore after a few bites.Service was good though so that's why they get 2 stars
3	Really liked the food, great menu for a diner. Sandwiches starting at $12. But management needs to get their act together with staffing. They should know that at 3 a.m. on a Saturday morning on 4th of July weekend this place is gong to be packed. It took an hour for us to get our food.
3	My girl friends and I came here a couple times and our first visit was so pleasant, we decided to hit this spot again. Our second visit however wasn't as pleasant as our first. A group of us six girls got seated right away and everyone seemed pretty happy with their food. I ended up ordering a pesto chicken sandwich that came with a side of fries and a pickle. The only complaint I had with my dish was the bread fell apart as soon as I bit into the sandwich. Probably from the oil or whatever they used to make the chicken. The second visit, a group of us (four) decided to grab some late night grub. I ordered the chicken quesadilla, which was grease heaven. It was a mediocre quesadilla. My friend got a banana split and you would naturally assume that would take the least amount of time making out of quesadilla and a flatbread pizza. We had to flag down a different waiter to check the ETA of the split. Our waiter came a few seconds later to tell us it would be out soon. The banana split was pretty big...definitely enough for two to split. Halfway as my friend was eating her split, another friend had asked if there were bacon bits in her ice cream. That would probably explain why her split tool so damn long. We're thinking that they had completely forgotten about the split and were in such a hurry that they accidentally grabbed the wrong shaker. We first thought maybe we just missed the minor detail that bacon was on the split, you know since there's such a big bacon craze. We were laughing by the end of our meal...I wish I had taken a pic...maybe next time!
2	If it wasn't for one of the awesome waiters we had I would give this place a half star. I came here with some friends based on a recommendation from a friend. Atmosphere: Just a regular restaurant in the middle of a casino nothing much. Service: Our large party was served by two servers. One whom was an excellent man and kept our water food and made sure everything ran smoothly. Another was a lady who couldn't even put on a normal facial expression, and took her sweet time doing her work. Food: I ordered the luck 777 deal which was 7.77. Decent price for vegas food. Comes with a steak, hash browns, grilled shrimp and salad. Warning, when the chef cooks your food your Rare will end up well done, so how you order your meat cooked add on another two levels to that. You can imagine our faces when we saw the food of some of our friends that ordered well done, more like well burnt. I even decided to give it a second chance for a rare steak, nope well done yet again. I didn't even want to waste another 7.77 to eat another steak so I cancelled the order. Overall: Do not go here, not worth the 7.77 no matter how cheap that is. I would rather shell out the extra money to get decent quality food at McDonalds.
1	This was my 2nd visit here after the renovation and menu changes...and hopefully my last!First off, Vegas is my second home, and my boyfriend LOVES this place, so when we are at the Hard Rock, I indulge him a visit for his off the menu 777 special (which looks ok and he loves, but he will pretty much eat anything). We shared a Vietnamese shrimp roll appetizer on our first time here and I ordered a cheeseburger the 2nd time we ate here.Shrimp rolls were DRY and tasteless, so you really start hoping that sauce they served with it is gonna work it's magic as a cover up, and then it doesn't! The sauce honestly tasted like a bad culinary version of children's cold medicine: sickeningly sweet, gooey, can't quite name that fake fruit kind of sauce with a rancid vinegar after taste. Didn't go well with the dried out shrimp roll, but then again what does?The burger was ok, but it was just a burger. Plain patty on a generic roll. The fries they served with it were pretty funny: the potatoes they used for the fries obviously had a lot of black spots and holes in them, because each fry showed the spots. Limp and brown is not appetizing (***That's what she said! Hahaha***)Waitstaff and hostess: hard to distinguish from ex-cons and North Vegas hookers, but that's just me. Anyway, expected way more from this place, considering that they flaunt a new remodel and menu. Will try to direct my hot honey To eat a quick steak dinner elsewhere from now on.  :o)
4	rocking restaurant in a hip hotel that's open 24/7.There's a mixed menu of Chinese food with american classics such as burgers and steak. Prices are cheap, but food quality is lower...but who cares!!!be sure to ask for the $7.77 special. It's not on the menu.You get a salad, mashed potatoes, two skewers of succulent shrimp, and steak. note that: if you ask for your steak to be cooked at medium/rare or however you desire your cow, sometimes it doesn't come out that way. i don't know if they suck at cooking steak or what.but for $7.77, I ain't going to complain and I will continue to make a stop here every time I am in Vegas.
3	Located in the Hard Rock Casino, this is a cool spot to get some eats while watching the Hard Rock patrons walk through the casino.Wait staff is always very friendly. Food is good. Price ---- good. If you are in the know, there is a special meal non--menu meal for $7.77 that is worth at least double this price. Just make sure to mention the secret code (hint, look at the price). The steak is a bit chewy, but does the job for the less fickle eater.Recommend the American food, not as much the Chinese menu. Nachos appetizer are perfect, especially after a night out at the club! If it wasn't for it being located right in the heart of the Hard Rock Casino, it would be a typical diner atmosphere that could easily be called Denny's. Luckily, it's located in the Hard Rock Casino!Rock on!
4	We really enjoyed this place. We had a taxi drive us from Circus Circus to the Hard Rock Hotel just to eat at this place.  We started off with this 3 dip sampler with pita bread.  Really good.  Than we finished it off with THE GAMBLERS SPECIAL.   This is not on the menu but it's available around the clock 24-7.  It's an 8oz. Steak w/ 3 shrimp, with your choice of steamed veggies or Mashed potatoes for 7.99    Just ask for it and it will be available.  We will be back for sure!
4	Just ask for the "Lucky 7 Steak Special" It's $7.77 for salad, New York steak, 3 shrimp skewer n mashed potatoes. Kills everything else on the menu!!
3	Went to Mr Luckys 3x in 29 hours last weekend! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BCAw9a_kyx2RddRH9tMmKQ#CPfTBp4QhCCb4qH0zj-ohAThis is a chill casino cafe. Open 24-7 Is it the best one? I think not but it gets the job done at 3am, 1pm, or 8am. Very convenient.Meal #1 3am Sat. I had me a prime rib french dip . Pretty damn good, the added provolone was perfect and the au jus was not too salty came with fries $14   4****starshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BCAw9a_kyx2RddRH9tMmKQ?select=PFSFpAUNnnkEWOK7xpGDDg#ZGGpedpfIQZytPdLFb8MxgIt was bigger than the pic shows.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BCAw9a_kyx2RddRH9tMmKQ?select=PFSFpAUNnnkEWOK7xpGDDg#aI12KGJQ0UQn4lNwXN3ZBgI had to go back to the hotel to fetch my swim trunks for later on so I treated everyone to lunch. 1pm Sat. afternoonMeal #2 Mini corn dogs. My 6yo daughter loved them.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BCAw9a_kyx2RddRH9tMmKQ?select=PFSFpAUNnnkEWOK7xpGDDg#SvQquFEig7bnz0iIJezYgQNachos, Deep Fried Mac & Cheese, Buffalo Chicken Wings, my Son and I split these three.  With the Deep fried M&C and the wings we got our veggies in the nachos as they came with broccoli and chicken. 3***star average (nachos were kind of cold)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BCAw9a_kyx2RddRH9tMmKQ?select=PFSFpAUNnnkEWOK7xpGDDg#-sXr7xVDEOrK2jVxXpLhxgOthers had:Spaghetti & Meatballs 3***star kind of bland sauceChinese chicken salad no rating both said they liked it.Angus burger no rating but said he liked ithttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BCAw9a_kyx2RddRH9tMmKQ?select=PFSFpAUNnnkEWOK7xpGDDg#k0ojIzMlzJGaT7MvY1K9EA$110 for lunch with the family ....pricelessHad to be up early for a basketball game so with little time to spare back to Mr Lucky's I go 8am Sunday.Meal #3This time I ordered huevos rancheros... good pick very flavorful and just the right size. the sauce and cojita cheese went well with the egg and avocado.  3.5*** stars.Next time its the $7.77 steak n shrimp or the $9.99 AYCE prime rib deals for me.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BCAw9a_kyx2RddRH9tMmKQ?select=PFSFpAUNnnkEWOK7xpGDDg#6vE7WYKbZh-08oDTqs0lUAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/BCAw9a_kyx2RddRH9tMmKQ?select=PFSFpAUNnnkEWOK7xpGDDg#oLd6a_s2MkgnrIvfz6HN_w
4	gave it 4 stars for the simple fact that i ordered the 777 meal which included a decent size new york steak , fries , salad , & shrimp that was easily filling on my late night splurge . dont know how anyone could complain about a steal like this any better they may put red lobster outta business .... i would definitely go again & order thee same oh heck should of ordered 1 togo !!
4	The Local Special is what it's referred to....  It's steak, shrimp and mashed potatoes.  All for $7.77.   (Check out my picture for your viewing pleasure)Pretty sweet deal considering you get a good cut of meat and 3 jumbo shrimps.  A dish like this can easily go for $12 or more.Service was great and our waiter was able to split our check up 14 different ways.... Thanks!
3	I wasn't lucky but that aside the burger I had hit the spot.  For 3:15am I was impressed in the food quality.  The plus for Mr. Lucky's is that its open 24/7 and serves booze.
2	I have literally been going to Mr Lucky's 24/7 for years.. often times being served by the same severs that have been there for years.  It was an easy way to have some good grub anytime of day, though usually i am there late night or very early morning.. How things have changed as of late at Mr Lucky's. With recent renovations, comes menu and staff changes. The Service from newer staff has been far less than stellar..  i mean it's a diner... not really hard to do a great job.  I actually had one female server roll her eyes at me when I asked for water. lol.. too funny. The food.. man.. i often stick toburgers, nachos and breakfast.. but recently had chicken fingers.. and they don't even taste like real chicken anymore. Once breaded nicely and fried up golden, nor flat-frozen, unworthy of COSTCO shelves. All in all there there are new and much better choices at the same price point. I'd say save Mr. Lucky's for breakfast or a last resort.
5	Five Stars.  I ate there every morning for breakfast for a week.  Their food is consistently good.  If you are at the Hard Rock stop by for Breakfast.  The staff makes all the difference.  They are all smiling and having a good time.  This makes your experience a great one.
3	We had breakfast there one morning and it was actually really good. Our waiter was less than enthusiastic to start but ended up being a really good guy by the time we left. Typically priced - an omelette was about $15 and it was really good. Sometimes service can be a bit slow but I will say go between the breakfast rush and the lunch rush if you can - Lines to get seated can get long...
2	The only reason why I'm giving such a low rating is because they have taken prime rib off their menu!!!! It had been a long time that my husband and I had gone to Mr. Lucky's but we were recently in Vegas and craving their prime rib. When we sat down we didn't even look at the menu as we just wanted the same delicious prime rib that we always get there. Needless to say we were heart broken when our waiter told us that they don't offer it anymore. We ended up leaving and going to a different restaurant :(
3	This place has cheap late night eats... but its just okay, nothing special. I think you can get better late night cheap eats at other places. They have a 7-7-7 special that cost $7.77 and it's a piece of steak with a shrimp skewer, mashed potatoes and salad. The salad was DRENCHED in dressing... so the point of disgusting. I could not even eat it!! Literally half the salad plate was dressing, it was like salad tossed in soup. Ask for the dressing on the side!!! I'm warning you!! The steak was cooked properly, the way I wanted it. Shrimp was nothing special and the mashed potatoes tasted like real potatoes. I'm glad I tried it, because now I can see that all the hype is just a hype. I would not go out of my way to eat here.
3	I had breakfast here both mornings of my most recent stay at HRH. Better than skipping breakfast, but not as good as some other options in town. The service was a bit rough, although I wasn't left waiting too long. As a solo diner I was parked at the counter, and it wasn't the sort of service I'd expect for a $15 non-buffet. The food was acceptable, the coffee mediocre, the coffee cups pretty nifty, and no difficulty getting the check and getting out of there. The TVs over the counter had sports on, with no audio, so I watched about 15 minutes of titles of people talking about the NFL referee lockout. Fascinating. One or two of the waitresses were nice to watch walking around. Not much else to say. It's okay for breakfast, get in, eat up, get out.
5	I detest the HRH and its patrons, but this restaurant is bad-ASS!  It's just a 24-hour coffee shop, but it has pretty good food for decent prices, and excellent people watching.  The $7.77 steak special is legendary, and rightly so -- a good-sized, decent quality steak, salad, potato and three skewered grilled jumbo shrimp, for a great price (it's not on the menu, but they serve hundreds a day so they will DEFINITELY know what you're talking about).  Basically, if you want a good cheap-ass steak special in Vegas, it's either this or Ellis Island. Ellis includes a beer instead of the shrimp skewer -- so take your pick. Personally, I prefer the down-n-out clientele of Ellis Island to the poseurs of the Hard Rock...but there is also something to be said for watching heavily Botoxed ex-groupies stumble around drunkenly with their wannabe rockstar abusive thug husbands. Dinner and a show -- it's the great Vegas tradition!
4	Me, my husbad and 2 children enjoyed the $7.77 steak and shrimp plate (includes a green salad with your choice of dressing). Great food, great price! This meal is not on the menu, let the waiter/waitress know you'd like the "Gambler's special".
4	I've got a secret. Mr. Lucky's has a secret $7.77 special that features steak, mashed potatoes, shrimp on a stick, and salad. This secret special has been around for years.   The steak ranges from average to good. On my most recent visit parts of the steak were hard. And the mashed potatoes could of used gravy. If I were paying Bellagio prices this would negatively impact the rating. With a beverage and tip the $7.77 special adds up to approximately $14. In Vegas this is a value.   What isn't a secret is that Mr. Lucky's is the Hard Rock Hotel's [HRH] main restaurant. It is the go-to place when you want a meal or snack in HRH. Because it is in HRH, the music overhead rocks.  Contrary to some of the Strip casino cafes, Mr. Lucky's is expanding. There are additional tables and menu options. Recently they added to their Chinese food selection.   It isn't a secret that when restaurants offer a secret steak and shrimp special with decent service for $7.77, that a Yelper will give it 4 stars.
2	Being a born & raised Vegas girl I appreciate the 24-7 spots that cater to locals. In fact, I've dined here at least 3 times previously and enjoyed it. But as such places like Firefly, and Joes Crab shack, this place has just FELL OFF!  First, I ordered a Luckys Bloody Mary because it was served with a celery stick, a slim Jim, and belvedere Bloody Mary flavored vodka. Well I do not believe I was served even one of the 3, they simply got a house Bloody Mary from the closest bar. We ordered (between the party of 3) a chicken fingers appetizer, 2 locals $7.77 specials, and a half&half sandwich. (Half pastrami half corned beef) Now let me first say, I don't expect much when I order a $7 steak. Other than it to be cooked, medium, how I ordered it. Instead of bloody and barely warm. My shrimp- undercooked and fishy. The only good thing on the table was the pastrami which is why this review has 2 stars instead of 1. Did I mention our food and apps all came out at the same time? Before the people who were next to us and ordered before we arrived. I could see their flames of anger as we were served. Also, the service was just eh. Not horrible but by NO means good. Bottom line, this place knows the tourist keep em alive, so what's the point in good food and service?! It's officially off my list of late night dining options!
4	Quick breakfast. Had egg whites with a short stack of pancakes. Eggs cooked perfect. Pancakes hit the spot. Service was friendly and quick. For a casino/hotel diner, it was on the money!
4	Just had their New York Half & Half, the sandwich comes full of pastrami & roast beef on rye.Good sandwich overall with fries.Heard they have a good steak too.I will stop by here again when staying or visiting the Hard Rock Casino.
5	Went on a trip for vegas this year for 7 days and this place was my #2 spot, aside from the Buffet at Cesars.We ordered plenty of items from this place from the $7.77 meal which was awesome for the price! We also ordered the spicy nachos for an appetizer, was delicious. The nachos came with regular cheese as well as melted jalapeno cheese and sour cream. We were almost full after this!We then ordered some flat bread pizzas - pepperoni and 4 cheese, which were also bomb!We then came back a few hours later for deserts both alcoholic and non-alcoholic. We ordered several shots, the banana split, and the alcoholic banana chocolate milkshake (wow, awesome!).The first time we went there, the waitress had an attitude and I was going to rate it a 4, but when we went back the service was 5 stars, which this place deserves!
2	Being totally Real here:  the food at Mr. Lucky's is insanely average.  I would at least give it an "A-OK" 3 stars for that but geez it runs high in price for the level of average you taste.I had their feta cheese burger with their spicy fries and the fries came out cold.  These are just frozen shoestring bag type fries where they dump Tabasco sauce and spicy mayo on top.  Even with the replacement batch there were only a few that were edible.  My friend ordered the Hard Rock Breakfast which was your typical breakfast stuff like bacon, eggs and hash browns--at a cost of $15.  It too was really forgettable and overpriced.The only good thing going for Mr. Lucky's is the fact that it is open 24/7, a handy thing when you are spending time at a type of casino like The Hard Rock.
4	We went there for the AYCE Prime Rib and it is not on the menu anymore. So we ordered the $12.00 Prime Rib and the 777. The Prime rib was a good portion served with a yummy stuffed potato. The steak on the 777 was flavorful, but it had way too much gristle to be considered a decent cut of beef. The service was great!
3	Got the $7.77 meal which was easily the best deal in the restaurant. $7.77 for New York steak, a shrimp skewer, mashed potatoes, and salad. Steak was OK; shrimp skewer had 3 medium shrimp; mashed potatoes were surprisingly good and savory; salad was just iceberg with 2 cherry tomatoes for garnish (meh).If your'e not going to order this deal, then I think the restaurant is overpriced. We also ordered an egg white breakfast burrito that was mediocre (dry tortilla, bleh) for $14. The waiter forgot our milkshake order, and service was spotty. Portions are medium.
1	We decided to try the gamblers special last night at Mr Lucky's. what a disappointment.The restaurant had 3 tables with customers when we arrived at 5:30pmOur server took our order and we were looking forward to our meal. The salad was great, then can the entree. The mashed potatoes looked like a pile of hardened plaster, the shrimp were dry and tasteless, the steak was so tough that the steak knife couldn't cut it. My wife didn't event attempt to eat the meal. I also ordered a glass of house wine. When the bill came I saw that they charged me $11.00 for the wine. what a rip off. I see now why the gamblers special is not on the menu.
4	We stayed on the strip and decided to try the Gamblers special not on the menu.The price is right, for $7.77 you get a salad, steak, a skewer of shrimp and mashed potatoes. You can't go wrong with that deal. It filled me up for lunch on the way to the airport. Mr. Lucky is located in the Hard Rock Casino with free parking.
4	Came to Mr. Lucky's one night after a LOOONG night of drinking.  A very long night.  I was ready to grub.  The place is big and had a lot of space for seating.  I've been here many times before and overall think the food and service is good.  Tonight I got the hot pastrami sandwich for $12.  A little pricey but I expected that with being in the Hard Rock.  Black pepper pastrami, pickle chips and dijon mustard on a marbled rye bread.  I'm not partial to rye bread as I think it's a little dry, but with the mustard and juicy pastrami, it works!!  I loved how much they gave in this portion.  My tummy was doing a big dance!!If you want to treat yourself to a good meal in the Hard Rock, check this place out.  They're 24/7!!
3	This was my first visit to Mr. Lucky's since its minor renovation last June. They didn't change much, except they blew out a wall, opening it up on one side to the casino. After a long morning of walking the Strip I was excited to treat myself and my freeloading brother to the 7-7-7 Special. We took up residence at the bar and was promptly treated by our server Zach. Service was very good as he delivered our drinks and prepared our fresh salads right away. Anticipation built as we watched several dishes leave the pass line, Mini corn dogs, pancake wrapped sausage, pastrami sandwich.... All looked awesome. Then we noticed our steaks. Zach promptly snatched them and presented us our lunch. Food review: Salad = Simple, fresh and delicious.                      Shrimp = Seasoned nicely with a peppercorn spice, grilled well.                      Potato = Didn't disappoint.                      Steak = Smaller cut than on previous visits, a little over cooked for           medium, but still a solid choice for the price.
4	Ask for the gamblers special.  7.77  dollar steak dinner.  Its as tough as a 7 dollar steak.  The Hard Rock has the most unique clientele of all the casinos.  I enjoy just wandering around and shooting craps there.If you're hungry and have spent all your money, get into Mr.Lucky's, sit at the bar,  choke down the steak, and get back to enjoying the ambiance of the casino!
5	Mr. Luckys is located in the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino.  Thank gosh they are open 24-7 because boy did I need this yummy food!!  We came here after an event in the casino so it was packed with people, and even though most of the tables were taken, they still promptly sat me and three others at a table.  Our server took our order and it only took 10 minutes to get our food. I ordered the veggie burger with goat cheese,  IT WAS AMAZING!!!!  The sweet potato fries were hot, crispy and delicious!  I wish I had discovered this place sooner.  Looking forward to going back soon!
2	Alecia was our server and she was great. We suggest skipping the guacamole as they no longer make it fresh, comes from a bag and tastes like chemicals. Hamburger was ordered medium-well and arrived just about rare. Alecia did all she could to make it right. I guess the kitchen was having an off night.
3	Always stopped here with family/friends whenever in Vegas because of their 7-7-7 deal which is salad, steak, mashed potatoes and shrimp for $7.77. Previous times I never felt disappointed until my last visit. NOW, one has to be a player's card holder to get the deal and the food is now subpar. The steak is tough, mashed potatoes are not so creamy and flavorful, and the shrimp is hardly seasoned. I am sure now I can do without what used to be a traditional meal stop.
5	Judging based on purely the "secret menu". It feel hipsterish, but if saving money is hipsterish, I don't want to be...you know, normal.$7.77 Steak and Shrimp special. Ask for it and you get a surprisingly delicious salad (their honey mustard dressing is the best I've ever had perhaps), mashed potatoes, and a shrimp skewer and a decent sized steak. Great deal in Vegas....and apparently, there's a $9.99 All-You-Can-Eat Prime Rib special? WHAT?! WHY WAS I NOT INFORMED. That's a great deal anywhere, much less Vegas. Has to be the best deal in the city. I'm mad at my inside sources. I was not informed of this prime rib deal. I feel cheated. But then I kind of cheated everyone else who paid $12 for a sandwich. So I think it's okay. Two wrongs don't make a right, but two rights make a left.
3	I guess I'll compare Mr. Lucky's to a diner. So this DINER, which serves up your typical cafe/diner fare is located inside the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. Wife and I....... well mostly I, was starving after a night of a little drinking. We stayed at the HRH and I definitely needed some coffee ASAP. We arrive and are promptly seated. Its a decent sized dining room with a wide open floor plan. We are given our menu's, and my eyes are instantly fixated on the french toast sandwich. Im a sucker for french toast to begin with, but in a sandwich?! Bring it! Our waiter comes around to drop of our coffee, and take our orders. If you have been paying attention, what am I going to order???? Thats right, I ordered the french toast sandwich which is packed with eggs, a slice of ham, american cheese and bacon. It is served with hashbrowns on the side.Let me just say that it was nothing short of amazing. Everything in the sandwich tasted great. The ham was juicy and tender, the bacon and eggs were cooked to perfection. Of course hashbrowns are always great no matter what. The wife ordered eggs, 2 pancakes and a bagel. Her pancakes unfortunately tasted like they had been re-heated.  Still good. Just did not have that moistyness you love in pancakes. Other than that it was all good.The service from our waiter was awesome. He was always making sure our coffee did not need refilling, and always checking up on us. The service was spot on.Overall I only gave it 3 stars due to the fact that this was our first time here,and would have to try out some other dishes before giving it anything else.But so far it is off to a great start.
1	Please don't get their 777 menu. I had indigestion and broke out in hives from head to toe throughout my whole stay in Vegas after eating their steak and shrimp deal. The steak was soooooo dry and tough. It was serious crap food. If you're gonna feed your customers crap food then just get rid of the deal cos it aint worth it!!
4	Over the last month, HRH provided me a  "locals special" - $100 in free food each week to be used at either the steakhouse, Lucky's or FU.  For two of those weeks, we ate at Lucky's .  Overall we were pleasantly surprised by the quality and creativity of the food, though i have to ding them a star given that if not for the freebie, the prices are a little on the high side ( though the steak special is a great price. )The highlights:Chocolate chip pancakes ($11) - chocolate chips and the ganache were high quality.  The maple syrup - delicious.Chicken Tenders ( $11 ) - very crunchy and flavorfulFire roasted chicken nachos ( $12) -  the chicken was so-so but we LOVED the cheese sauce.  Suggest you ask for the sauce on the side since for some strange reason most, if not all the sauce is at the bottom of the pan so not easily accessible.  Regular cheese is melted throughout the pile.mini-corn dogs ( $9) -  five "mid-size" corn dogs had great crunch, and a decent beef hot dog.NY half-half ( $18 ) - corn beef/pastrami - i personally did not try but my fried said it had a large portion of meat and tasted great.  Slight ding for the bread being a little soggy.Reuben sliders ( $12) - we ordered without sauerkraut.   perfect combo of pastrami, cheese and thousand island and the rolls tasted great.Bleu Bacon Cheeseburger ($14) - i was surprised how good this burger was.  I suspect some might feel it had too much bleu cheese.  I personally like more cheese.  The bacon and grilled onions and the juicy pink center - Yummy !Spaghetti and meatballs ( $14) - need more sauce the two times we ordered.  Interestingly, they used different spaghetti both times.  spaghettoni the first time and standard spaghetti the 2nd time.  The meatballs were tender and great meat mix.Chicken parmesan ($16) - big chunk of chicken, crispy and nicely coated.  Side of spaghetti.  The garlic bread is below average.pics addedAverage/below-average :Mac and cheese fried bites ( $7) - more cheese please ( maybe use the queso sauce from the nachos !)Desserts - not much of a selection.  we tried the shots of dessert ( $3 each; 5 for $10) The cherry cheesecake was good.  The creme brulee - ok.  we actually ordered the heavy metal banana split but later canceled the order - i'm guessing that was the dessert star !Next time i hit Hard Rock for a concert, definitely going to Mr. Lucky's after.
3	The trusty Yelp app has, yet again(points upo with finger), helped me find some good food, in a hurry. GJ Yelp :) My wife and I had just gotten out of an MMA competition and were STARVING! Of course, I jumped on the Yelp app, which lead us to "Mr. Luckys". I glanced through some "Tips" and saw that they have a $7.77 gamblers deal, which was off the menu, and sounded great. After we were seated, our waitress came over, took our drink order and asked if we had any questions. She told me I had to have a players "Backstage Pass" to get the $7.77 deal, and directed me towards the players reward desk. She was nice enough to put the order in while I went and picked up my card. My wife and I ordered the "Chicken Nachos"(refer to pic) to start. They were good. The cheese, which was smothered throughout, was gooey, deliciousness. The nachos weren't amazing, but they were very good and they were served on a hot skillet. Pretty cool presentation for sure. The $7.77 special(refer to pic) came with a salad, (looked like) 8oz Strip Steak topped with 3 grilled shrimp, and mashed potatoes. It was rather large for the price, and extremely tasty as well. My steak was cooked to a perfect medium. It was very juicy and flavorful. The shrimp, on the othe hand, were rubbery, and I actually forgot they were on the plate until I looked back at the picture I took. My wife ordered a bacon cheese burger, which she thought was good, but nothing special. The restaurant started to become packed, so we didn't want to keep the booth occupied for any longer. The waitress, even though she was noticeably busy, was still on point, and got us out the door in no time. The only thing I noticed while enjoying my meal was, all the servers, and food runners were not happy, and walked around like they were the s#%$. I know, I was in the "Hard Rock Hotel", but at least look a little happy when all these guests, including my wife and I, are putting $$$ in your pockets. Other than a bit of pretentious attitudes(not from our server), the place was good.
4	Great late night spot. Want to eat but still maintain your buzz? They've got a 4 shots for $10 special running all the time. The Conundrum shot was pretty good - it's Kahlua and Bailey's with some whipped cream. Nice for a nightcap, or at least to tide you over for a bit. I kept it simple and got a burger, which tasted good enough but by the time it got to me the bottom bun had soggified (I think that's the scientific term...) due to the juices and heat of the burger. I hate that shit. But luckily this was pretty late at night and I may have imbibed a bit, so a freshly-cooked burger is a step up from the kind of crap I normally would shovel down in that situation. I need to come back and try their boozed-up shakes, which I hear are awesome.
1	Went to Mr. Lucky's for the 777 special and was unbelieveably disappointed.  We arrived at 4am and had to wait about 10 minutes for someone to come over and seat us.  I would understand if it was really busy, but there were maybe 7 people eating at the place and 6 workers standing around doing nothing.It took our waiter 15 minutes to come over and take our order.  We (5 of us) all ordered the 777 special and he asked how we would like our steaks cooked.  We all said medium to make things easier.  Once we all received our steaks, they were all burned on the outside and the inside was either very rare or well done.  We would have complained if we could have found our waiter, but he was no where to be found.  The mashed potatoes were very bland as well.  Overall, the meal and service was horrible and we will never go back here.  If everything was this bad when they were empty, I would hate to see how things are when they are busy.
2	I want to preface this by saying that I have been coming here since 2005, since my college days of clubbing or bar hopping with the girls in Vegas.  Heck, we even came here last year when I attended one of my good friend's bachelorette party in Vegas.  I always order their $7.77 special.Thus, I am taken aback by our most recent trip here in January of this year. I came with my fiance, and my family. I wanted to show them what I knew about cheap eats in Vegas. It was their first time there, and Honestly I left feeling empty and disappointed. First of all, they wouldn't let us sit at the table that we wanted to (due to special restrictions), and second of all, they took almost 15 minutes to get to us. The first time, the manager came by to tell us, "I don't know who will be serving you."  Finally, after 15 mins, the same annoying manager comes over and tells us that "she'll be the one serving us." She asked me what we wanted. I said six waters to start and six orders of the $7.77 special. She made the most disgusted look (of disdain/or did she just smell some stinky fish?), and proceeded to give me attitude for ordering this many specials.Come on WOMAN, you really think I'll come here for your other dishes? They're annoyingly overpriced and no I would never step foot into Hard Rock had it not been this special - theres absolutely NOTHING special about the Hard Rock or the ambience. Just a bunch of Bros/and white trash walking around, and at this point I can vouch for you that the manager is no different from the said demographic. Sorry to state the truth. Can't handle it? Well, too bad.Anyway- so she gives us this major attitude and stomps off. Who knows, she may have even spit in my water, but I thoroughly examined it to see if there were floating loogies (sp?) and low and behold, NONE! Ok anyway, so after the food comes out/and we're eating, she basically asks us in the most "fake" tone...how is the food going? But was really short on us.Honestly I just wanted her to go away. Her attitude was UNCALLED for and unprofessional. She made my family (who-for them it was their first time) feel uncomfortable. It also showed that she judged us for ordering this meal just because it was cheap. So what? It doesn't matter how much our meal is, $5 or $500, we should still be treated nice and like human beings. That's what Tip is for.  And that, my friend, is why we only tipped $.25 cents. Hahha.....bwahhaa I hope she realizes her downfalls. Bitch!
3	Why would you come here and eat anything besides the $7.77 steak special.That is a rhetorical statement, not a question. Apparently you have to have a player's club card, but maybe they don't ask me for one because I've frequented the establishment so much. The steak has always been cooked to my liking, mashed potatoes have varied between buttery, creamy goodness, or delicious chunky bites, and the salad is a nice complement even though I don't even like salad!To me, this is a 5 star meal for the quality and price. There are 2 stars missing from my rating because every. single. time. I have visited this diner, the service is wack-tastic. Especially the last 2 times when I had the same lifeless, blunt, unpleasant and slow server. Short for no reason (in manner, not height) and just someone I would not want to interact with. I'm pretty sure my demeanor is friendly and respectful at the least so there is no reason to come at me with that rude ish. And WHY does it take 15 minutes to get a check when my food is obviously gone? I hate looking around like I lost my mom at the grocery store (we are actually both short in height so that has happened quite a bit).It won't hurt to come here for the special, but make sure you are in the mood to not let anyone ruin your experience.
5	Service was great! I had a spiked smoothie, smashed potatoes with a giant double medium rare cheeseburger. Omg! I could believe how big and juicy it was.Love Mr Lucky's
2	Had the "Gambler's Special" $7.77 steak and shrimp skewer with mashed potatoes and house or caesar salad three times cause our group was doing Vegas on a budget. No player's club card required.For $7.77, the mash potatoes were delicious. Everything else was lack luster. Salad was salad. Shrimp skewer had three large shrimps that were a little heavy on the salt. The steak was never cooked right. I ordered medium rare every time and received medium, medium well, and well done instead. Since I could never track down our server and we had such a big group, I didn't waste my time trying to get them to correct it. It can seem like a long wait since there's always people here, but the lines move quick. The servers are very good at refilling waters and running off as soon as possible before you can ask them for anything. No longer doing the $9.99 AYCE prime rib. Sad face.One star for the price. Another star for the convenience of it being available 24 hours. Oh, and the awesome mashed potatoes.
2	6/8/12.  Poor menu selection.  Menus falling apart. Tired looking place.  Undergoing renovation, too bad menu wasn't.  Sides served in plastic cups ala Costco. Very pricy for the quality.
2	Wow, this place went downhill after the HR wa sold. How can you ruin breakfast? I dunno, but you should ask these people. Gross.
2	While I was staying at the HRH Tower, I won a meal voucher at Mr. Lucky's 24-7.We weren't really planning on using it, but on the last day, we decided to check out their breakfast menu since it seemed like the most convenient option at the time - we had very little time left before we needed to leave for SoCal. Since I was attempting to cut my calories and focus on consuming more protein-heavy meals, I ordered the  "Gambler's Special," which included a bowl of salad, an 8oz sirloin steak, three jumbo shrimp, and garlic mashed potatoes for $7.77. For the size of the steak I got and the jumbo shrimp, $7.77 is definitely a steal.Did it taste good? Was it quality food? I don't know. It was definitely a little on the oily side, but I did appreciate that the shrimp was not overcooked. As far as the steak is concerned, It seemed like your regular USDA Select cut of meat, and was a little on the tough side.Overall.. my expectations were very low, and appropriately so.
1	Oh my, where do I begin? My girlfriend and I came to this establishment because we were staying at the Hard Rock so it seemed like our easiest option for some "quick" breakfast. Boy, were we wrong. First of all, thisPlace looks and sounds like an overcrowded cafeteria, and the workers uniforms are extremely unprofessional and it's hard to recognize them throughout the hubbub. Second, it took forever for us to be waited on and when we did it took 20 minutes to get water, let alone a mimosa that was absolutely disgusting. Well when they finally decided to take out order I ordered the Belgian waffle with strawberries and my friend ordered the bagel sandwich. Lets just say we were thoroughly disappointed 45 minutes later when the server brought us our food. My waffle was hard and cold, the 2 strawberries they put on it were sour, and the syrup was ice cold. I flagged down a waiter somehow, told him, ordered something else, and when that came back I felt the need to read reviews immediately. This place is horrible. So thoroughly disappointed. Will not return nor recommend.
2	Extremely disappointing.A group of 6 of us had gone on a Friday morning for breakfast. It took at least 10 minutes for them to even get waters out to our table, even longer for our actual beverages, and waiting for the food was a nightmare.We waited roughly an hour for our food to even make an appearance; what appears to be the manager comes out with two of our dishes with no mention of an apology for the food being so late. About 10-15 minutes later, the rest of our food arrives, one meal of which was done incorrectly so we had to send it back. They were transitioning from breakfast to lunch and we saw people getting their lunch food during that hour we were waiting for our food, so it was extremely frustrating to see that.The waiter, very nonchalantly and awkwardly, mentioned that our food took so long because sports were on tv. Not an apology, not an excuse. It's March Madness in fucking Vegas. Put more people on staff. Thanks.The only reason I am giving this place an extra star is because it was actually a pretty tasty breakfast. Would I go here again, though? Absolutely not.
3	Not bad for a overpriced last resort Vegas Hotel Cafe that is open 24/7.  They have interesting variety of dishes such as Pastrami Dip and Loco Moco.  Loco Moco wasn't the best with the non-asian rice (uncle ben type of rice) but it wasn't so bad either.  Price is somewhat reasonable and the service not too slow like the other Cafes.  I give this place 3 stars!If you have other choices, try Culinary Dropout or Pink Taco~  :)
4	I LOVE the Veggi-Burger at Lucky's - always have. I've found that the services is always a little slower then it should be and this past trip there it was the same thing. It wasn't very crowded and even though it wasn't painfully slow it was slower then it needed to be. Otherwise it's a good place to eat. Nice open design - goes with the whole HR vibe.
4	Stopped in here late night during our stay at the Hard Rock. Got a couple sets of their shooters, which were so delicious.  Had the club sandwich to eat. You can't really go wrong with a club sandwich. Staff was nice, facility was clean. But it is all about those shooters.
4	Family came into town last weekend and we desperately needed 24 hour food service. Since we are off the strip, I worried that we wouldn't have anywhere to go without a taxi ride, but then, we found Mr. Lucky's. I enjoyed my experiences here. We actually ate here three times, and each time it was fine. My husband devoured the tater tots that came with a massive container of ranch. We both had the 7.77 special, steak and three shrimp with mashed potatoes. Everything was fine. For 7.77 I wasn't expecting Carnevino-quality food. I loved it, and it was perfectly cooked in every way.That night, a standard drunken breakfast was in order, so I got steak and eggs plus some breakfast potatoes. From what we all remember, it was all delicious, perfectly cooked over easy eggs and the steak was again cooked a perfect medium rare.The next morning, we hobbled into Mr. Lucky's after a very short wait and sat for breakfast. Up to this point, the service was fine and our food came out in 12 minutes. This time, the service was okay, but our food took almost 30 minutes to get to the table, and the waitress didn't stop by to inform us of the longer wait until 2 minutes before the food came. By then, we already knew it was going to be a longer wait for food.My sister got a Belgian Waffle that had a guitar design in the middle of the massive waffle. My husband said it was good and she said it was okay for $15. I liked that it had the design and was geared towards the casino crowd.My sister's boyfriend ate steak and eggs which was again, fine. My husband got the huevos rancheros and they were surprisingly good but needed a little heat and spice to make it even better. I had the corned beef, and it was not too bad. I like my corned beef has to be a little crispy on the edges and with a little less potato, but it was fine and I enjoyed it.Don't expect fine dining here. It's a 24/7 spot and amidst being near Nobu, it doesn't advertise itself as anything other than a nice diner with casual eats and decent service. If the restaurant is busy, know your food is going to take a while, but if you're worried about that take the shuttle and go to the strip and get something else.*** UPDATE ***Mr. Lucky's (and most of the restaurants at Hard Rock Casino)now has a gluten free menu which includes gluten free pancakes and a gluten free Belgian pancake. I did try the Belgian Waffle with chocolate chips, and even though it wasn't anything incredible, I love that they are even more GF friendly and that people with this allergy have more options!
4	So there really isn't anything special about this place other than the ridiciously good mashed potatoes. I mean really its like they put a whole stick of butter in on each serving nom nom. I am thinking about coming here one of these days, ordering 3 large sides of it and eating it all shamelessly in some corner booth.These Cadillac of potatoes is served the $7.77 steak dinner deal, which I think is the only reason anyone would come to this otherwise average casino cafe. Get a players card and ask the server about the deal, its served 24/7 but isn't listed on the menu. It comes with 3 grilled shrimp, a decent cut of steak, salad, and of course... the mashed potatoes that Jesus must have made. The $7.77 is sort of a poorly kept secret but something that alot of tourist probably don't know about. In fact, its probably the only reason I would even come here.Other than that, everything else on the menu is pretty average and very overpriced. $17 for a regular cheeseburger? pfff go to Burger Bar. They also have a pretty good happy hour that starts at midnight. This should be on anyone's Vegas cheap eats list.
4	Loved our waiter, Joey!!! He definitely was very considerate and patient, especially considering that it was around 6 am in the morning and that he had a few "knocked" out customers experiencing one of their worst hangovers ever (not me, I was one of the people taking care of them).Anyways, we stopped by here because we met up at the wrong place (originally thought it was the Hard Rock Cafe). We decided to stay and eat here instead. Joey was very patient because around 1/2 the people were ready to order and a few weren't, so he made sure to come by and check every so often to take our orders. He supplied us with water to drink quickly (especially for those hung over).I ordered the CHICKEN FRIED STEAK with HASHBROWNS, WHOLE WHEAT TOAST, and my EGGS OVER EASY. Mmmmm..... Three of my friends decided to order the SIRLOIN STEAK AND EGGS for $17.99, which truthfully, I thought was a little expensive. I think we came at the wrong time because I'm reading all these reviews about how the steak and eggs are no more than ten bucks? Ehh... Anyways, another reason why our waiter was cool was he gave us updates on our plates, so that we weren't randomly sitting their waiting. When our dishes arrived, mine looked like heaven!!! I was so famished. Man, a bite of that CHICKEN FRIED STEAK.... so delicious with the crispy, crunchy outside and the juicy inside all covered in a savory sauce. When my friends, the ones who ordered the steak and eggs, saw it, they regretted their order and wished they ordered the same dish as me. They were so jealous. My eggs were cooked over-easy just the way I ordered, which makes me very, very happy (I like dipping my toast in the yolk). Furthermore, I'm a "Yay! I'm a fan" with this place becasue of their service. Joey was very considerate of my friends who were out of it and were trying their best to eat if they could. In the end, we asked for a couple of extra bags to bring in the car just in case. Instead, he came out with several bags and a hand full of napkins in case anything happens in the car with them throwing up and all. Really great person.
2	Been going to Mr. Lucky's for years.  Had the gamblers special.  The shrimp, salad, and potatos were very good.  The quality of the steak has gone downhill.  Disappointed.
1	Holy crap. This place is horrific!  How do you screw up a club sandwich? The service was good but the food was horrible! I will never come back here again!!!!!
4	Really good friendly service. Food was tasty, but "prime rib" wasn't prime. Pretty tough for a standing rib roast.Wait staff was very attentive and made many suggestions about what to order.Had Chicken Soup earlier in the day that was served in a rather unusual bowl.  The soup, however, hit the spot.
2	Its the Hard Rock Hotel cafe.  You eat here because its convenient.  They charge in accordance of that.
2	We ate here twice on our recent stay at the HRH. First time was pretty good, the club sandwich was huge and tasty. The food actually is good but the service was awful. It was after ten pm on a Wednesday night, not busy and our server was Sasha. First the busboy brings our water and Sasha does not greet our table for 15 minutes and when she does she says "do u know what you want?"   Does not even get our drink order we order a quesadilla appetizer, we wait for over 35 minutes before we even have anyone approach the table only because I grabbed the bus boy and ask where our food is.  He leaves and another 15 minutes pass when Sasha brings our order out and she says " I put your order in but the kitchen didn't make it sorry. My manager saw I put it in on time. Management never came to our table to apologize or give us a comp not even a dessert and  Sasha does not refill the tea once. She brings our bill and we pay promptly and for the first time ever I gave a crappy tip of 1.01. Thinking about it now I should of left her nothing maybe she could get the tip from the kitchen. Point being is we would of never had to wait like that had she checked her tables to start with.
3	Came here with my girlfriends for breakfast and a late dinner (after the club) one weekend. The diner was packed when we came early for breakfast. There was about a 10 minute wait before my party of 7 was seated. I ordered the Classic Rock entree which is your typical breakfast food - eggs, toast, hashbrowns and your choice of sausage or bacon. Food came out hot and was pretty good, however I didn't find it to be anything spectacular. Some other entrees my friends had ordered were their country fried steak, omelette burrito, and the aloha - all that looked a lot more tasty than mine! The proportions were decent and the prices were moderate. Dinner on the other hand, not so great. We noticed on Yelp that they had a $9.99 prime rib special, but apparently it was only available on Sunday nights!! There was another special going on that evening (or should I say morning at 2am) which was their steak and shrimp special with a side of mashed potatoes and salad for $7.77! What a DEAL right?! Well, you really do get what you pay for! The steak I thought was super chewy and I took two bites of it and was not able to finish the rest. The mashed potatoes were salty as heck and I was NOT the only one who thought so!! The chef's taste bud was totally off that night. Of course we complained, but the waiter was rude and said there's nothing he can do about it and that's how the mashed potatoes are seasoned. Considering I was incoherent, I spooned him some mashed potatoes and told him to try it himself and tell me it's not salty!! He walked away careless of what he had to say with no sincere apologies what so ever! But moments later, the jerk waiter returned back with complimentary fries along with the remark of telling us he told the chef to add no salt to the fries because we don't like salt. (Okk...whatever!) Anywho, breakfast here is pretty good. The dinner here may also be great, but I would highly recommend you not to order any of their dinner specials! It comes with a side of rudeness topped with extra ATTITUDE if you don't like your meal!!!
3	My friends wanted to eat here because we were staying at this hotel.  I never want to eat after drinking because I eat a lot.  I didn't order anything that night, but my friends told me to eat their food.  I said no, but still ate like always!Fries were delish, like usual.  The pancakes were alright.  I'm not a fan though.  My friend got a huge plate of them and didn't even finish it.  What a waste of food.
4	Mr. Lucky's is the perfect diner that is open when you need to get your fill of yummy greasy diner food.  Once, when leaving the pool, my friends and I stopped and picked up a to-go order of chicken quesadilla and chicken tenders.  We discovered that the chicken tenders were so delicious and have since returned JUST for them alone.  The last time I came in here, I also ordered a clam chowder, and I found it to be slighter better than average.  There were chunks of clam, which I love, but the soup was slightly runnier than I like it to be.The service is always fast and if they screw up your food, there's like 10 other workers who will offer to fix it for you.  It's a good late spot for late night cravings.
2	Dear worst waiter in the World,When a customer tells you that their side order of bacon is horrible ( by horrible I mean who In The heck likes stewed bacon)....there are a few things you can do....1. Offer to bring me cooked bacon2. Ask if I would like to remove it from the bill.However...you did neither...in fact when I flagged you down..you said " oh you don't like it" and kept walking....Another note to you...not a good idea to make me get up and ask another waiter to refill my drink....Maybe...just Maybe....that's why I left you a $1 tip wrapped in a piece of stewed bacon....wrong B-tech to mess with dude....The chicken fried steak was tasty....no help from the waiter on that...I will pass!
3	3.5Pretty standard as far as hotel/casino cafes go. The food was pretty good but nothing spectacular and the service was great (though a tad bit slow, given how the place wasn't very busy).So given the fact that Mr. Lucky's sounds pretty average, you may be asking yourself the following question: what gives it the extra half star? The answer is their 6 shots for $10 deal.I mean, what better way to start off your Vegas vacation than with a trio of Three Wise Men shots, right?Right.
2	Always LIKED Mr.Lucky's but something bad has happened they use to have great secret specials like the all you can eat prime rib (witch they took away but now have brought it back $9.99) and the 777 special steak and shrimp. The other great value wash the steak and egg's for $5.99 now thats gone!!!!! the prices are now ridiculous!!! I'm not a cheap skate at all but I can't justify paying $14.99 for a three egg omelet thats half ass good!! I've lived in vegas a long time this place was packed all the time years ago and you walk by it now and its not even half full. So sad won't get my business any more!
4	$7.77 for STEAK & SHRIMP! (Not on the menu. You have to tell the waiter you want the special. And I don't know why everyone keeps talking about a player's card, because I just asked the waiter for it and he didn't check or anything.) Only 1 reason why you should be here, and it's for the Steak & Shrimp Special! Order comes with a small salad, steak, 3 pieces of shrimp, and bomb-diggity mashed potatoes. Like, seriously it's so creamy, buttery, smooth, with small chunks of potatoes mixed in that I want to ask if I can just get a whole tub of this to go. I'm sure they use Paula Deen's recipe, when she cuts off a small piece of butter, puts it to teh side, and adds the left over big end in. Not the most amazing steak and shrimp, lets be honest. But for that price it's a steal! Especially considering how you can order this 24/7. Mr. Lucky's was super packed when we came during the lunch hour, or maybe it was because it was just a busy weekend in Vegas. Service was a bit slow, but not because of the waiter or anything, it was just so packed busy with people. He was still really nice and attempted to meet our needs.
4	The food here is really good. I've eaten here countless times,sampled many various items and it never disappoints. The staff was always cool as well. No need to spend top dollar elsewhere.The food is fresh,seasoned well,prepared properly and the portions were generous.Best of all,its open 24/7.
3	I stayed at the Hard Rock and we were happy to find this place which is open 24/7. I did not look at yelp pryor to eating there.  I ordered the chicken and waffles with spiced maple syrup(the syrup did not taste spiced). The chicken was seasoned well and juicy, but they were strips! (Maybe the humor of the option was that it was strips for the Vegas Strip and not actual fried chicken), but I enjoyed the home-style feel of the chicken (similar to what my mom makes at home). The side of the hash browns was a really good size --I didn't even finish them! Their chicken pesto sandwich is pretty good as well. I would come back if I was staying at the hotel -- but I wouldn't make a special trip for it -- unless something from the Yelp reviews REALLY stands out. Don't forget to do your research!
1	Dreadful!  I ordered the philly cheese steak, it was partially raw on one side.  I got very sick afterwards.  I would not recommend eating here to anyone.  The food quality is very low and the staff is a bit out of it and confused.
2	"LUCKY" is what you'll have to be if you walk away from Mr. Lucky's 24-7 with a pleasant dining experience.  Here's why.  I've lived here in Las Vegas for 13 years and dined at Mr. Lucky's 24-7 numerous times, mostly after my guests asked about it and/or to take advantage of the dinner specials (e.g.: the "off the menu" $7.77 steak & shrimp dinner).  Sounds like a great special, right?  Well, THAT'S where the experience always derails at Mr. Lucky's.  First, the wait staff tends to greet you and treat you like they're doing YOU the favor of taking your order; they ALWAYS seem to have chips on their shoulders, which dampens the whole tone of being in the hip surrounds of the Hard Rock Casino/Hotel.  Second, they don't tell you that you have to order other items with the off the menu specials, like drinks, and it can get a little testy when THAT shoe drops.  Finally, especially with the $7.77 steak & shrimp deal, while the shrimp are usually just OK (often overcooked and spongy), the steak has ALWAYS BEEN AWFUL!  Every time I've purchased this meal, hoping it would be satisfying, the steak was a grisly, chewy, over-cooked shoe-sole slab of meat that tasted awful.  It has NEVER been a pleasant experience!  In fact, you'd be lucky to consume more meat than fat, gristle, bone or other un-chewable portion of the low-grade steaks they serve.  It's as if the "chef" deliberately asks for the worst shoe-leather grade beef from his purveyors to make this meal.  Shameful!  Here's a tip--go down the street to the Ellis Island Casino and Brewery (on Paradise and Flamingo), where for $9.99 you can get a delicious higher grade steak meal with steak, potato and salad AND a choice of freshly brewed beer or root beer (both which are brewed right there on the premises)!  The ambiance is a big step down from the "hip" Hard Rock, but the you WILL walk away thinking "WOW! That was a really good meal!"  SO, SKIP MR. LUCKY'S and head to ELLIS ISLAND JUST DOWN THE ROAD!  You'll get much more Lucky there. . .
1	So hard to get an order right. Darn! Food that did come out correctly fell flat of taste. Very cold dining room so bring a sweater. If you don't like cigarette smoke, find a different restaurant. This one is on the casino floor and you will get second hand.
3	It was our getaway day and we had an hour for breakfast...plenty of time to eat, grab our bags, check out, and catch our flight.  The restaurant was crowded with early risers wanting breakfast or other who were looking for something to eat after a hard night of clubbing before going to bed.  Still, we were seated immediately.  We ordered and received water and coffee (Mr. Lucky's still serves it up in a huge mug!)...and then we waited...and waited for our food order to be taken.  Roughly, 15 minutes later our server took our order.  I had the Waffle Wich, two scrambled eggs, ham, applewood smoked bacon, cheddar cheese, with sweet & spicy mayo sandwiched between two Belgian waffle halves and served with a side of hash browns.  Carol W ordered the California Omelet, a three-egg omelet with avocado, tomatoes, artichoke hearts, quinoa, onion sprouts, tomato, and mushrooms folded in and served with a side of hash browns and toast.  We noted that despite a nearly full dining room, we didn't see a lot of food coming out of the kitchen.  We waited...and waited...causing me to wonder if we'd have time to eat without inhaling our food.  Almost 20 minutes later our food arrived, and as expected, it was a big plate of food.  The contents of my Waffle Wich were bountiful, savory, cheesy, and filling.  The waffles were light and fluffy, but were also just plain Belgian waffles, lacking that "something" like sweetness that would've provided a contrast with the savoriness of the other components.  Perhaps a bit of maple syrup served on the side?  I should've asked for it.  I ended up eating everything but the waffles.  Carol's omelet, though, was delicious and definitely the better of our two selections.  Thankfully, getting and paying for our check went much quicker than getting our food.   The lifespan of casino restaurants, even the 24/7 places, is often quite brief.  Mr. Lucky's has been a veritable pillar within the Hard Rock since it opened in 1995, providing a constant and consistent dining experience throughout the casino's existence.  Prices have noticeably gone up over the years and service can be hit or miss, but I can't imagine this place changing much otherwise in its next 18 years.  Fine dining, it ain't, but Mr. Lucky's still provides decent value with its generous portions and relatively tasty fare.
3	Well being it was a late night this was the only option at hard rock , service was friendly and food came out fast but the slider were horrible, 13.99 for 3 sloppy sliders and to top it off I didn't smell an eggy smell from the meat that got me sick.. So just beware.
3	My hubby and I arrived around 8:30pm on a Friday night and were seated quickly.  It wasn't very busy, so our drink orders were taken quickly. However, it took a little longer to have our food order taken. We each ordered the Gambler's Special, which is $7.77 for steak, 3 shrimp, mashed potatoes and a side salad. We were asked by the waitress if we had a player's club card. We told her that we didn't have one, so she told us that instead of $7.77, the cost would be $9.99. Had we known this, we would have signed up for a player's club card to get the discount. Having our hearts already set for steak and shrimp, we proceeded with our order.  We also ordered a few adult beverages - My hubby ordered the Monster Circus and I ordered the Blushin' Russian. The reason why I give Mr. Lucky's 3 stars instead of something higher is because of the wait time and the quality of food. When our orders came, my husband's steak was cooked medium instead of medium rare like he asked and my steak came out completed well done, when I had asked for it medium. I thought about sending it back, but by then I was starving and in no mood to wait for another steak to be cooked.  The steak and shrimp were just ok. Nothing spectacular about it. The mashed potatoes came unseasoned, so we had to salt and pepper it ourselves.  Overall, for the price, the Gambler's Special isn't bad at all. Our drinks were really tasty, no skimping on the alcohol either. You can taste it, but not in an overwhelming way. I'm not sure if we'll be back, but I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a cheap, decent meal. Just remember to get your player's club card!
3	It's not the best, not the worst. They do t advertise their specials, however they are good. The prime rib unlimited use to be to die for. Since they removed it I haven't been back. In reality, the price wasn't all that good for what the food taste was. All in all its on par with Denny's.
3	We have been here twice so far this visit.  The service is friendly and fast enough, at 1:00am and lunch.  The first night we had the Prime Rib, which was great, especially given it was $10.99, as the Sunday special.   The portion was huge and delicious. The next day, I had the Salmon Rice Bowl, which was very nice.  The portion is not huge, but a good size, perfect for lunch.  Hubby had the Chinese Chicken Salad, also a nice portion, not overly large.
5	I've been sitting here for about an hour trying to think of a way to best articulate my love of Mr. Lucky and only one perfectly constructed, short and to the point, dead on phrase is coming to mind...Best nachos in Las Vegas.Period.End of review.
4	We come here for the steak special, it's not on the menu but you can order it for 7.99,  food and service is good. Yes make sure you get your players card!
1	Don't sit in the back corner booth. This place lost all its stars with their service and earned one for tasty food.We were 4 ladies celebrating a Bachelorette Party coming in at 11am for Breakfast. We sat in the back corner booth. The server guy with "The Hair" came and took our order. Our coffee and waters were brought but then nothing for 45 MINUTES!! Seriously? Where's the food?Where's our server? Can we get more coffee? What about more water? BUT THAT'S NOT ALL. After not making eye contact with any of us waving or obviously checking our watches, he comes over, he apologizes that the kitchen is working on our order, the manager will bring it  right out, it's on them and here's some donut holes to hold us over. Okaayy, except 15 MORE MINUTES GO BY, the tables around us, that were seated AFTER US have eaten, paid and left and new customers are being seated AND served food BEFORE US! Outraged that we still have not gotten our food or refills on water/coffee we flag down another server to get the manager for us. The "Manager" arrives and assures us that our plates are coming right now. When he returns he has food! However, after setting down a couple plates and calling out the different orders, NONE of these are what we ordered. :( WTF.Confused, the manager took the plates back and again, we were waiting for food. Finally at 12:15pm, our plates came. The classic rock with eggs and bacon was delish. My friend got the french toast crusted with corn flakes and vanilla butter, YUM- I recommend this. I also recommend not sitting in the back corner booth, you'll get ignored and horrible service.
4	Good food reasonable price my only knock was the service they were kinda rude and they acted like they were too good , but all you do is serve food.
1	Saw this place on The Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Had. It was featuring the Surf & Turf deal for $7.77. When we were sat, was informed that the deal is only honor with the rewards card that you get in the casino and that it was closed for the night!  So we decide to order something else since we already made the trip!  Typical bar/Denny's food. Nothing special. The issue I had was the overall service and the location. The place is busy, I mean BUSY!  The was waited by one server another took our order. After 22 minutes, we got our food. We ordered a buffalo chicken flatbread and lamb sliders!  The flatbread was over sauced and salty. The chicken was a breaded chicken breast or strips, very dry and greasy. Only are half. However the lamb sliders was decent, nice and juicy. Never saw our sever again until we flagged her down for the check. But the biggest reason I give it a one star is the hotel itself!  Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!  The place just has a creepy, dangerous vibe to it. Not to mention the smell of marijuana and people snorting some white powder-like substance in the ladies bathroom. Avoid at all cost!  It's not worth the risk, hassle, and horrible service!
1	Change is not good!  The special 777 changed for the worse. No more salad included. They now give you Broccoli instead of a dinner salad.  What the hell?   Why change an old school staple?  Every restaurant in the hotel is constantly changing and it's not for the better!
4	The service was exceptional.  All of the staff was friendly and made sure that we were well taken care of.
3	This is a good place that is open 24 / 7, so it's much better than any late night diner.I tried the Corned Beef Hash Skillet and it was excellent.Generally I'm a bit of an oddball when it comes to Corned Beef Hash where I usually actually prefer the "Canned" (Libby's or Mary's Kitchen) hash, when it's cooked crisp and has those mini potato cubes.I usually don't like fresh corned beef hash because usually it's just chopped up pastrami or corned beef slices shredded a bit.Here, it's different, for the better, the corned beef is fresh in cubes, so it's deliciously  awesome.The service is good, I went to the counter of the diner, and it was attentive.
4	Mr. Lucky's ain't cheap. But with that out of the way I am confident in saying that Mr.Lucky's has the best breakfast in Vegas. Seriously, get the breakfast platter. Or it might have been I was up till the wee hours drunk off my ass. I mean, either way. But still, 24 hours and breakfast all day. And I could swear it tasted great. Service was prompt and our server was nice too. Can't ask for too much more at the wee hours of the morning!
4	My boyfriend and I ate breakfast here all three mornings we stayed at the Hard Rock and I'm sad we didn't get a chance to eat any other meals there (especially late night.) We both really enjoyed the biscuits and gravy.
3	If you're at the HRH, you're probably going to need something to soak up all the booze in your tummy at some point. Most of the time it's too shameful to enter a regular eatery in that state... Enter Mr Lucky's. They'll get you some chicken soup, eggs and/or a greasy sammy that will make you feel like at least $1.25 and will prevent you from ralphing before you get home. Prices are reasonable (for a casino) and there are a few TV's around the bar, making the fact that you've lost all your friends and are rolling solo a bit more tolerable. Don't be a dummy and order the something like the bahn-mi, stick with classic griddled diner food and you're golden. Add 2 stars if it's post 2am and/or you've lost all of your money gambling.
3	Just had the California Omelette. Would get it again but without the Goat Cheese. My wife had the Home Skillet and liked it. Waiter Keith was great, very attentive. Biggest complaint: $7.77 Surf and Turf no longer comes with a salad. You can add a salad for $3.99 if you would like. I chose not to out of my own stupid little protest. I really loved that little salad with Bleu Cheese Dressing. Even with adding a salad it is still less expensive than many other items. I hope management will reconsider and bring the salad back.
3	Only because you can get "The Gambles Special" (off menu) for $9.99.TIP: avoid bringing your date here and scarf down alone: this is a solo no frills filling station.
2	On our last morning at the Hard Rock, we hit up Mr. Lucky's for some grub.  We were immediately seated before waiting a good 15 minutes to be acknowledged by a less than excited and far from enthusiastic member of the wait staff.  We asked our waitress about the 7.77 special, and she claimed to know nothing about it.  It's clearly plastered all over the interwebs that you can get some food for $7.77 and we all know that the everything you read is always true.Anyhow, we were hungry and ordered breakfast.  It was slow to arrive, tasted like average diner food and cost more than it was worth.  To top it off, we were able to enjoy the accompanying cigarette smoke from the nearby slot machines - perhaps that made the wait for service and food to be even longer.  Not planning a return trip to Mr. Luckys...or the Hard Rock.
5	I went here for breakfast and I order the basic two eggs, toast, bacon and hash browns for $10.99, which is normal for Vegas prices.  However, I came back here before going out one night for drinks.  Their 4 shots for $10 deal was great!  The woman making our drinks came out and greeted our table and she was so much fun!  Most of my friends kept coming back here for food because we were staying in the Hard Rock Hotel, but I would come back here even if I wasn't staying in Hard Rock Hotel.
1	Another disappointment! Saw this advertised the 7.77 meal deal.  I'm with a group of 7 - let's try it!  Well unless you have a "membership" it's really 9.99 - ok never the less ordered the steak, green beans and mashed potatoes special...steak was tough as a board and we asked for it medium/rare - NOPE it was horrible!  Sorry, don't do it!  Gonna keep looking for a good special!
4	One of my all time favorite local restaurants to go to! The 777 comes with steak shrimp mashed potatoes and brocoli. Have to get a drink with it but it is still one of the best deals in town.
3	The main thing Mr. Lucky's has going for it is that it's open 24/7. Which means, depending on when you find yourself hankering for food, this spot may be your sole dining option if you don't want to leave the Hard Rock property. I've dined here on many a late night and early morning. The breakfast menu has never particularly appealed to me, but their regular menu has some decent options. I particularly like their nachos. Nothing I've had has ever been horrible. But also nothing has been above average either. Service, for the most part, is usually always attentive and friendly. All in all, there are worse 24/7 spots, but there are also better ones. If you find yourself stuck or not wanting to leave the Hard Rock, this 24/7 spot will work out fine.
4	I've eaten here a few times recently while I stayed at the Hard Rock, and it was a mixed bag. Late evening both times, the service was really slow in a nearly empty restaurant, and the BLT in particular [with avocado added] was dry, boring, and not worth the money. I regretted ordering it.Early morning, in a nearly full restaurant, and the service was smiling and faster than I'd imagined it would be. They kept checking back, and the California omelet [three eggs, avocado, tomatoes, artichokes, onion sprouts, goat cheese, minus the quinoa] was amazing. Late morning the next day, there was the same full restaurant, same great service, and the Bacon Blue burger [melted blue cheese, applewood bacon, caramelized onions, avocado] was the best I've ever had. I was in heaven, and almost considered staying longer just so I could have it one more time.I could be wrong, but I got the sense they put their better servers and cooks on during the morning rush. Not sure I'd bother with Mr Lucky's again before 3 am or after 11 am. But in between those times? I'm all there.
3	My boyfriend and I came here after a long night of flying from New York and picking up the rental car. Since it was open 24-7 and it was right in our hotel, we figured might as well. I got the grilled cheese sliders and the tofu rice bowl. He got the cheese quesadillas and the pesto pasta. It was okay. The portions are huge. The cheese sliders were enormous. More like cut sandwiches with Texas style bread. It comes with tomato soup which tasted like it came out of the can. The quesadilla was okay, very cheesy but nothing special. The rice bowl was horrible. I couldn't even finish it. Service was good. The waiter was fast and attentive to our needs. Overall...a good place to go if you are drunk at like 4 am or if you are up late with no other options close by.
3	We came here with a large group for brunch after partying the night before at Hard Rock and staying in the area. Mr. Lucky's is ok, and even more so because of the prices they're charging...a cup of coffee will set you back $3.99! How ridiculous! The gf and I had a Hard Rock Breakfast and country fried steak, which both came in decent portions. I ordered eggs over medium and they served them over easy, which made them extra runny which I don't like. Our toast was also burnt and too dry to eat. Seriously, how easy would it have been to re-toast some bread and serve it correctly? Our 2 breakfast entrees and 2 coffees came out just under 50 bucks with tax and gratuity since we had a large group, which is a fortune to be spending on breakfast, especially at a diner style place like this...We also didn't have any utensils until we asked for it AFTER our food had arrived. Other than that, service was decent, and we kept getting our waters and coffees refilled. They also cleared out our plates as people finished their meals and they were able to split our checks into groups of 2 or 3 people, which made it a lot easier for us to pay. And because of that...extra star, otherwise this would've been a 2 star reviewNot sure that I would be back for breakfast unless I was stuck at HRH and didn't have a choice. I did see that they had an AYCE prime rib special on Sunday afternoons/evenings that I might have to come back and try, but only because I know I won't get gouged!
4	Tried the $7.77 deal after signing up for the player's card. The steak was a bit dry, should have gotten it medium instead of medium well. Shrimp, mashed potatoes and veggies were good. Was a bit disappointed by the slow service considering it was quite slow. Overall though I would be back if I was in the hard rock hotel. Can't beat that deal!!
3	Funny to say this is where I ate on Thanksgiving.  They had some good Thanksgiving specials and it was nice to see they had some free meals for local Taxi Cab drivers.  It sucks that the employees had to work on the holiday but luckily the guys serving us was happy and took good care of us.  The menu has pretty much anything you could want at really good prices.  I had chicken and waffles and my husband had a sandwich and both were good.  Of course this being Vegas they had alcohol so you really can find anything you want here.
2	I was staying at the Hardrock Hotel and needed something I could order "To Go" . Once I checked in with the hostess she advised that I should head to the back counter and someone would help with my order. I would say I went unacknowledged about five minutes. When I finally was greeted it was by a "busser" who brought water. I let him know I was looking to place a Take Out order, he stated someone should be with me soon.I would say I waited another few minutes and was greeted by a waitress who took my order. I got small sirloin burgers, chicken strips, sausage gravy and biscuits and a side of fries. That totaled about 42$ which didn't surprise me for hotel food. My issue was the fact that my Sausage gravy literally had NO SAUSAGE. The burgers were the only thing truly edible.The chicken strips were over cooked. I enjoy the variety this menu had to offer but the service was slow and many of the staff were standing around talking to one another instead of providing timely service. They even had someone not on the clock walking behind the counter.Overall the food was OK but I won't be going back again. Which makes me kind of sad because I really wanted to try this crazy hangover bloody mary they have on the menu.. It has a slim jim and deviled egg in it..haha
4	Items Selected:CoffeeSticky Fingers - Cinnamon Roll with Bacon and Maple GlazeOver the Top Blueberry Muffin - Streusel, BlueberriesCorn Flake Crusted French Toast with Vanilla Butter, Maple Syrup, Mascarpone, StrawberryChicken and Waffles with spiced maple syrup With my mother in town for one more day and having not yet visited the strip once during the subsequent week it was a bit of a surprise that she mentioned wanting to see Hard Rock during her visit but having long been eyeing 24-hour dining spot Mr. Lucky's an early morning plan was put in motion, us navigating the casino just prior to 7am while disheveled men and women in various states of sleeplessness and inebriation made their way back to their rooms.  A large, open space without a whole lot of character but people watching aplenty both in the open kitchen and on the gaming floor it would be mere moments after our arrival that we were seated and only seconds more before coffee refills began in earnest to accompany a breakfast our friendly waiter claimed was 'too much' for a duo; words I'd later make him eat as I casually passed the empty, stacked plates to the edge of the table and requested a cup of coffee for the road.  Clearly the sort of restaurant where subtlety yields to gluttony it was largely a desire to sample more items that led to us taking a pass on the infamous "Fat Elvis," instead ordering a quartet of items beginning with decent, if not particularly memorable chicken over waffles and a buttery blueberry muffin before moving onto things far superior, the first a stack of golden French toast soaked with custard but crisped by cornflakes and loaded with fresh berries plus mascarpone and the second, quite literally, a flaky "turntable-sized" cinnamon roll rife with butter, cinnamon, and bacon that rivals the best I've found and will invariably be ordered again just as soon as I find someone to go back with me to tackle that signature stack of 14 bacon and banana pancakes.
5	Friendly staff especially Gary, the executive chef. We had a complimentary corn on the cob with fresca, Parmesan, pesto mayo and paprika ...delish! The rehab omelet with fresh fruit was delightful after a night of fun in the club. To top the meal off, Gary surprised us with apple pie. Very sweet! Thank u Gary and team for making our visit special!
2	What do you expect from a restaurant?  The quality of service, or the quality of food?  The server Ramiro did absolutely nothing besides taking our food order. Our appetizer was delivered cold by a food runner, and honestly he helped our table more than our waiter. As we were finishing our meal, the server came back to our table and asked "are you done?", to which I promptly replied "yes" and he said that he needed our table for a party of 8.  As uncomfortable as that made me feel, I brushed it off. I'm in the service industry and I can relate to a busy night, but the lack of interaction by Ramiro and his overall impersonal demeanor, will encourage me to never return. The food is a solid 4, but the service is a 2. So overall Mr Lucky's is a place I won't be returning.
2	It was at our hotel and we were hungry, so we decided to try it. It was a little overpriced and I was physically ill after eating the biscuits and gravy. My husband enjoyed his meal.
3	Only go to Mr. Lucky's if you're a gambling man.Come at the right time, you can get steak and shrimp for $7.77, or prime rib for $10. Go at the wrong time, however, and you're paying $15+ for french dips and burgers.The food's decent overall, but it's location off the strip makes it a tough sell.
1	If you don't mind in eating a room that smells like an ashtray, you'll love it.  The kitchen fans pull the cigarette smoke thru the space from the casino floor.  After a meal you smell like you smoked a pack
5	We had a large group and went here for brunch...great service! Its a nice, easy going atmosphere and good breakfast food. We got the juavos rancheros...yummy!
3	DOWNHILL SLOPEFor more than five years my go-to meal at the Hard Rock was steak & shrimp at Mr. Lucky's.  Fair-sized steak, three broiled shrimp, potato, vegetable, salad, $7.77. Not on the menu, you have to ask for it, which gives you an insider status with your server and with your friends who you tell about it. And in my case it's been dozens of friends. This year, the steak & shrimp was a disappointment. The steaks were uniformly tough and gristly, the salad is now a $1.99 add-on, and your choice of potato is mashed and that's it. There used to be garlic in the mashed potatoes and they served it with butter for the shrimp and/or potatoes but the shrimp has a spicy rub on it now so butter would be superfluous. The vegetable -- there were garlic green beans and broccoli -- was fresh and well prepared, but by then it was too little, too late.You also need a players card, adding a little inconvenience (especially if the server never asks to see it) and the service is spotty, with some servers STRONGLY recommending ordering a drink and others totally cool with whatever you choose to order or not order. I can't recommend it any more.
1	I am rating the Low Country Skillet which was $16.99.  This was advertised as cheddar grits with Andouille sausage, blackened shrimp, and eggs.  Others in my party were not as disappointed as I was, but I really was sad about my meal.  The eggs, ordered "over medium" which is supposed to have a runny yolk and firm white, had very runny whites.  The grits were tasteless .. I had to add a lot of salt and I rarely need to salt anything except eggs at breakfast.  The shrimp was definitely not even recognizable as whole shrimp and definitely not blackened.  The sauce was marginal and pretty spicy even for a Cajun-type breakfast.  I shared a side of pancakes, which was decidedly the best thing I ate, and the Farmer Brothers Coffee was good.  This meal was on Super Bowl Sunday so maybe the cook wasn't paying attention ... but I wouldn't go back.  I couldn't even finish the skillet, and that wasn't because it was too big :(.
1	$10 for a frozen waffle? $8. for gnarly bland oatmeal?  The food was terrible,  but they do serve it 24hours a day...service was good...but I will not be back.
5	I never had a bad experience here the food is awesome I love the servers and they were very attentive don't forget to ask for the steak and shrimp special always use your back stage pass for points get the trailer park or the local moco both are very large and delicious the portions here are obscene you can split each plate four ways and get more bang for your buck.
4	Great place to eat while waiting for our room. Four shots for $10! Amazing deal. And great burgers salads and sides to eat!
4	Great spot for breakfast, food is fantastic, parking is easy in easy out and service is great!
2	I had high hopes for this place as I often eyed it whenever I was walking through the HRH, thinking it would be a tasty place to come and have a meal with friends. Sadly, my hopes and dreams were crushed. Nay- thrown on the ground, stomped on, and then stuffed into a blender to be pulverized. Ok, so maybe I'm being a drama queen. But really this place did not impress me AT ALL. The prices were high, and the food was bland. About the only thing I enjoyed was the bacon I stole off my friend's turkey club. I should've listened to Drew and stuck to the fried foods. My adventurous side said hey- who can't make a good chicken alfredo? Lucky's. Lucky's can't make a good chicken alfredo. If I was drunk... then just MAYBE would this have been borderline ok. But I wasn't. And after my meal I was still hungry, like 15 dollars poorer, and very very :(
2	Stopped in here on our way out of town.  You'd figure, if you're inside a major casino that your food would be worthy of it.Sadly this is not the case.I ordered my standard barometer for a breakfast joint--country fried steak and eggs--and was left wanting.The portion is sufficient,  but there was no flavor to be found.  The gravy was bland.  The seasoning on the breading was weak.  The hashbrowns were tasteless.  Everything was also fairly overpriced for the lack of flavor impact.The service wasn't bad, so it's getting a star for that. Hope this can be remedied as I love this hotel.
3	Not bad for a quick bite. First time we ate here our waitress was awesome. The food came out in less than 10 ten minutes. The tomato salad was delicious.
3	If you are in the Hard Rock you certainly have lots of options, so if you want someplace fancy this is not the place.However, if like me you want something fair priced, and like  a diner which is nice if you have a group, been out partying, or just want some comfort food this will hit the spot! I loved their burger and their SHAKE if you like shakes was amazing! And the food is quick. My other half was celebrating his birthday and his cousin ordered a piece of cake, well this one slice may have well just been a big small cake by itself. It was amazing. The service was ok, great at getting the food but not as much checking on you but frankly to me the food was good enough that I didn't really care. This place will not disappoint if you are looking for something to hit the spot this definitely will!
2	The food here is definitely meant for a hangover or sober up cure. Greasy greasy greasy. I ordered the hard rock hotel special.  It comes with 2 eggs (powdered I'm sure) 2 pieces of bacon (tasted like microwaved bacon) 2 slices of toast and hashbrowns (the only thing I really liked) Overall... It was alright. I shared it with my boy. Service was alright too. The server was friendly which was a nice change from the crowd outside.
5	The pancakes are a must have!! They have vanilla butter on them! Don't forget to use your backstage pass for rewards!
1	One of the worse restaurant ever.  The LADY SERVER had a BAD attitude, never offered the options for the selected dinner plate...she just showed no interest at all in serving us. We had no choice but to stand up and leave. POOR SERVICE from a restaurant of Hard Rock Hotel. If I could give a ZERO or No stars, I would! Very Disappointed!
5	The best place to eat in vegas, drunk, hungover, or sober! They've got everything! There shot platter is amazing for morning hangovers and their food is bomb on drunken nights! The service is amazing all hours and they don't care if you come down in your swimsuit or all dressed  up straight from the club! Come by yourself or with a group of 15, the employees are attentive and wonderful no matter what! I LOVE MR. LUCKY'S!
2	I've eaten here twice since I came to the Hard Rock, and I regret it. I can understand the appeal of the food if you're American (sorry?) but as a vancouverite, my standards for what I will eat are apparently higher than this restaurant can accommodate. The first time I ordered the Heuvos rancheros, which came in a skillet and was probably the wettest meal I've ever eaten in my life. I took about six bites before I felt like I was going to projectile all over myself. The second time I ordered hashbrowns and turkey bacon, which was surprisingly ok. I guess my bottom line here is that unless you're desperate you should go anywhere else. Seriously.
3	Its one out of a million other cafes in vegas.... basic cafe food and prices are acceptable. But what was not basic or average [in my opinion] was their french dip sandwich.... maybe becaus i put bacon on it, but it was hands down, the best french dip ever in my life. That is all.
1	This place has changed! When I first moved here this place was great! Not so much anymore.. Waited 15 mins for our waitress to even come over to us (& it was NOT busy!) we ordered our food & she quickly hurried off.. Waited another 30 mins for our food.. Which when was brought over I had a big pile of guacamole onto of my food when I just explained to her not to put it on ( highly allergic!) .. She laughed and said sucks that it's guacamole & you can't just scrape it off.. Food was still amazing, but the service just put a bad taste in my mouth!
1	This place has gone to shits !! The food sucks and the service is horrible ! It used to be good but now it's the worse.. Don't go coz the food is not good n dry n disgusting.. Sorry to say
5	I'm not one for giving 5 stars, but this place is great. Ate here twice during our stay. Got the "gambler special", 4oz strip steak, 3 shrimp, green beans and mashed potatoes. Also the HUGE  bloody mary, which had 2 waffle sliders and every other add in you could think of. Awesome drink to order once. Service was great too!
2	My sister said that Mr. Lucky's $7.77 "Gambler's Special" was a MUST have while we were in Vegas and since we were staying at HRH it was convenient . We got to the hotel too early for check-in, so we decided to grab a bit to eat. I must say... there was nothing impressive about this meal - at all. It comes with a steak, 3 shrimp, mashed potatoes and broccoli. The steak was overcooked and very chewy, the shrimp was overcooked and the mashed potatoes and broccoli were extremely salty. It was horrible. It was my first meal in Vegas and I'm getting this?? Really! Yuck. We went back on our last day to try breakfast since the rest of the menu didn't look too bad. I can't remember clearly what we ordered, but again it was very unimpressive. I do remember it was around $15 a plate for something I could make 5x better at home. I wouldn't recommend going here.
3	Solid diner food. The Chicken Fried Steak is "legit". Their version of Loco Moco is "meh", you should pass.
3	My rating of this review is based on the combination of how much I like this food and the kind of service they really have. I've stayed at the HRH tower before, so being so close by and staying a few days in town, we had to eat here at least once!The decor is pretty nice! They have a rather large space and can accommodate quite a bit of people at any given time. Prices here aren't bad. The breakfast here isn't to die for but it isn't bad either. I've had the chance to eat breakfast food and also things like the chicken soup. Overall it's a place to check out if you're staying at this hotel. I can't ever think of any good places to catch a breakfast so late and this place definitely comes in handy on my Vegas trips. I hope they've bumped up their customer service since  I was last here in Feb. It was the worst! My waiter not only forgot our drinks, neglected our table, and did nothing but talk to other workers, laugh around, and talk to what looked like customers that were just standing around waiting for who knows what. When those people left, our waiter still took his time getting our meals that were already plated for a while. Although disappointed,  I know that miserable experience won't discourage me from neglecting this place. I have had too many goods here to reflect on this one bad.
3	Took an hour to get an order of over Cooke eggs.
3	I came here after reading so much about the King pancakes which is 14 banana pancakes sandwiched in between bacon and topped with a maple glaze.  I was really excited to split it with someone as this baby will put you back roughly $25.Overall it was pretty good.  The pancakes didn't have many bananas cooked in so I began to loose steam with the bland flavor.  I was impressed at how perfectly the bacon was cooked to my liking, not too soft and not too crispy!The pancakes don't come with a lot of glaze as it's just put on the top cake, so if given the option I would try and get an extra side of that.  Our server was very friendly, but didn't always come to the table and had to be flagged down.   This is understandable considering it was brunch time on Sunday and they were almost 100% capacity.Not sure if I would come back, but if I did I would speak up about extra bananas and more glaze!
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could. The chicken & waffles were horrible. The waffle tasted and had the crispy consistency of an ego waffle and the chicken was overcooked. Yuck! Not the type of food I expected at all! My boyfriend ordered the pancakes, eggs and sausage. He was also disappointed. He eats just about anything you put near him and he didn't finish his meal. The scrambled eggs were runny and the sausage was browned on the outside but overly mushy inside. Our meal here was the worst during our Vegas trip. They should remove both entrees from the menu!
1	I have no idea how this place has more than 2-3 stars. I was suprised this place was in such a nice hotel. The service was slow, uninviting and kinda clueless. My order was screwed up and the guy server was just like "Oh" and replaced it.  I had the tomato soup, it was the worst I've ever had and I order tomato soup often. The mac and cheese was just beyond weird and not tasty at all. Everything just seemed cheap and frozen pre made junk.
1	Went here twice for breakfast since it's the only place to get some and that would offer gluten free.  Went with the eggs both days, tried bacon with the first one...they give you two slices whoopee, it's an 11.99 meal.  Hashbrowns, very basic...they were burnt the 2nd time I got that meal.  I went with the breakfast sausage the other time, it was extremely greasy and mushy, it melts in your mouth but not in a good way.  The best part was substituting the toast for fruit.  Just an outrages price for a breakfast for the quality they give you.  I guess it's also good that you'll get your meal in 5 minutes, which can be good or bad.
1	The worst service possible. Soooo slow that my food was nasty when I finally got it. My waiter acted like he was on drugs, visiting with people that he worked with while letting his customers WAIT and WAIT and WAIT. The onion rings were GREASY and SOGGY too. I WAITED and WAITED for the BILL TOO and finally left the comp slip at the table without anyone acknowledging my departure. I would be desperate to eat here again.
3	I've heard all sorts of things about Mr. Lucky's - most notably about the $7.77 special.  I tried to come here once around 1am or 2am and the line was prohibitively long so I just haven't had the chance to try it out.  Lucky for me (see what I did there), I had a meeting at Hard Rock this week, and it turned into a breakfast meeting.I generally dont eat breakfast during the week, so this was a rare occasion for me.  I tend to save my breakfasts for brunch or when family is in town.  My plate of Huevos Rancheros would definitely fit the bill for either one of those occasions.  The tortillas underneath were crisp and the beans weren't mushy.  The ranchero sauce was chunky and spicy.  The best part is that there wasn't an oily layer of cheese like you'll find at Egg Works.  All in all, this was a pretty damn good plate of food.I came here recently for a breakfast meeting, so keep in mind that I wasn't necessarily paying attention to the service or the attentiveness of our server.  She did leave a pot of coffee on the table for us, and I do recall her checking in at least twice - but we had a computer out and it was pretty apparent that we didn't need anything else so I won't say it was any reflection on her.I'm only giving this three stars, however, because the prices are a little steep - bordering on room service prices.  I understand that this is a casino diner, but it's still a diner (and it's not like this is Center Strip).  Their standard breakfast of three eggs, hash browns, and a meat runs $15, and a short stack of pancakes is $10. Pricing aside, I'll definitely come here again.  It's a nice place to know about if you're in this general area and want some decent breakfast food.
1	Sorry, $7.77 used to be a deal. It's no longer one.  You have to order a drink. A Budweiser bottle was $6.  The service is also extremely slow.  This place was empty and it took forever to get our food.
1	When we came here the first time in 2011 and ordered the $7.77 steak, our entire group were super impressed by the perfectly grilled steak, the shrimps, mashed potatoes and vegetables.  We all vowed to be back the next time we're in Vegas.Well, 3 years later and we're back, but this time the experience left a sour note in our mouths (pun intended).To get the 7.77 deal now, you have to order a beverage and sign up for a player's card.  The worst part is that the steak is no longer of good quality like previously.   In fact, our steaks were dry and chewy.  The shrimps were excellent though.  The price of the beverages were quite high and the deal no longer includes a salad.  Sadly, this makes the 7.77 special no longer a deal.Go elsewhere and have better food at a cheaper price.
4	I visit Vegas all the time, but it had been years since I ate at Mr. Lucky's at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino. Let me just say - WOW - noteworthy absolutely delicious food! My bf had one of the best club sandwiches I've ever eaten. How can you make a club sandwich so magical? I don't know - ask Mr. Lucky :) We sat at the bar/counter and watched as all the orders went out - super fun presentation, huge portions, just absolutely delicious! And our server, David was great - he was super nice, gave good recommendations - a real cool cat. Will be back way more often now that I know what I've been missing :)
4	We at there on a Friday morning for breakfast and were seated promptly, even though the place was packed. It was very loud with people trying to yell over the music but hey, it's the Hard Rock!Ordered the eggs benedict and it was perfectly cooked. The hash browns were also very good, but the iced tea was weak - next time I'll just order water!I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick bite to eat; unless they have a hangover, then bring earplugs!
5	After seeing some of the poor reviews on here we were a little skeptical, but decided to give them a shot anyway. I'm glad we did.Service was excellent. They came and checked on us constantly (almost annoyingly so) and were on top of everything.The food seemed fairly priced and I ended up getting the chicken fried steak. What came out was a massive plate of food to include eggs, hashbrowns, toast, and a huge cut of meat deep fried and slathered with gravy. I honestly only ate half of it before I was stuff and felt like I left a huge portion on the plate.Top notch.
4	No complaints here on our Mr. Lucky's experience.  We popped in before a show and it was busy, but not packed. Our service was attentive and our breakfasts were hot and tasted great.  I didn't get anything all that earth shattering (skillet with eggs, potatoes, ham and sausage), but it was good.  I thought the price seemed fine and they faced us towards the casino so there was lots of good people watching!
4	The Hard Rock Hotel has a few dining options and although Mr. Lucky's may not be fine dining I have found the food and service to be totally solid. This casual spot is open 24 hours which is ideal for the Vegas lifestyle. The menu is similar to a diner with all types of offerings from breakfast to burgers, flatbreads (gluten-free available), milkshakes (try the famous pie shake) and classic bar food (nachos, disco fries, quesadilla, chicken wings, etc.) There are also daily specials and promotions for gambler's such as the $7.77 deal which includes steak and shrimp. $5 Margaritas and $4 draft beers. If you're feeling fancy try the Mr. Lucky's Bloody Mary with Belvedere vodka, spicy tomato, shrimp cocktail, celery stalk, beef jerky, deviled egg, waffle slider, pickle & horseradish for $19.99. Don't expect anything on the menu to really knock your socks off, but the consistency is what keeps me giving this spot a 4 star rating. After numerous trips to Vegas and multiple stays at the Hard Rock, restaurants come and go, but Mr. Lucky's has always been here to stay. The servers are actually a lot better than you would expect and the atmosphere is great for a hungover brunch or late night drunk snacks.
2	Came here after a late night of clubbing with friends. Got the lucky 777 deal - steak and shrimp and veggies for $7.77. Food wasn't great. I know it's cheap, so whaddya expect. But I expect at least edible food. I'd personally rather spend that $7.77 on food I'd want to eat.
4	I ate here twice during my stay at Hard Rock hotel. First time I had a burger and it was pretty good, though a bit pricey ($13.99 for the basic and $1 per item). The good thing was that I got blue cheese and it was real and there was a lot of it. The burger it seemed was not freshly ground and was thin, so it cooled quickly.The second time I got Lucky's club and it was simply enormous ($12.99). To make a dent I had to deconstruct it. The turkey meat was real and not that processed stuff. I got cole slaw on the side and it was delicious, juicy and not too much mayo. Overall, the food here is pretty solid and I would return.
3	So, we came here for dinner and asked for the $7.77 deal. That gets you a steak, mashed potatoes and string beans. Def not a bad deal. This deal works if 1. your waiter is nice and doesn't ask you for your Hard Rock member club card. (or else it's 9.99)  or 2. if you have an HR member club card.For that price, it def wasn't bad, but don't expect it to taste like a Donovan's steak.  The mashed potatoes were yummy though. haha
5	We ate here twice for breakfast.  The huevos rancheros was pretty good.The breakfast granola parfait was decent. The fruit with it was fresh. The breakfast Quesadilla was very very good and we flipped for them.  The guacamole was very spicy though.  The smoke salmon was good and so was all the accompaniments except the lettuce which looked a little wilted.  Even though the place had a diner feel, the food was much better than expected.
1	First off, unfriendly wait staff who took our order and forgot about us. 30 minutes after ordering , we had to ask for our food.  People who order 20 minutes after us received their food but still none for us. The waiter saw our frustration and ignored us. Finally the food arrived, COLD !!!!   The waiter was advised the problem and without a word walked away. A different waitress came to the table and advised us that a rush has been put on out new food order.  Not worth the time and money to eat here when there is all of Las Vegas to eat at.
4	We actually came for some other cool promotion, but we all ended up ordering the little known $9.99 AYCE prime rib. While most of us made it to completing our second plate of prime rib + sides, one fearless member of our table had a total of 6 plates of prime rib. @_@ What egged him on was that the cut and quality of the prime rib got better and better after plate 2. "How can I stop now?" was what he said while chowing down prime rib #4. Definitely was a good meal (at midnight no less!) for a great price at Mr. Lucky's 24-7!
3	If I ever eat here again, I may adjust my rating.One word: HAIR!It was a looong black hair tossed INTO my salad. I picked it up thinking, "please be mine". NOPE. I picked up one end and it picked up a large ball of salad like a fist sized disco ball.The waiter came back and took a glance at my head like I was trying to get a discount. Thank goodness I had my hair pulled back into a slick bun that night. When the manager walked into the kitchen, I saw a man with long, dark, curly hair standing behind the door.... We all know who the culprit was!! A paper hat isn't enough. Pull that mess back into a ponytail at least!Everyone else that came that night had the AYCE prime rib. They said it was decent but the prime rib was cut so thin, you could practically roll it up like cold cut hors d'ouevres on a platter. It appears from others' pictures that this is not always the case with the thickness of the meat...Go to Jerry's Nugget for a good prime rib...BTW the replacement salad may have tasted fine. I was just trying to choke it down without grossing out the rest of diners at my table...
4	Been here too many times to redneck count...(fingers and toes for all you Yankees) Service is always great, friendly people, attentive to your needs...Menu is pretty big, but I gotta say my favorite item? Grilled cheese sliders with a cup of tomato soup for dipping...this isn't your smashed, run of the mill, one slice o' cheese grilled cheese sandwich...oh no...there must be 6 or more slices so you get this incredibly gooey melted goodness in every bite...comfort food at its best...
1	This is the worst of all the Hard Rock Hotel restaurants. I was working at the HRH for five days and ended up eating at almost every establishment there. I was very very very disappointed with Mr. Lucky's.I went there around 11:30pm, because I needed a quick dinner after getting out of a late night meeting. After the hostess sent me to the counter for a take out order, literally FIVE WAITERS COMPLETELY PASSED ME BY, apparently because I wasn't in their section. I finally had to flag someone down and ask to place an order and they still passed the buck to someone else.When I finally was able to place an order, I ordered a steak medium rare. It came very well done. IT WAS DISGUSTING. The mashed potatoes accompanying it were also terrible.I used to think that the off-the-menu "Gambler's Special" was a good deal. (You can look it up with a quick internet search.) However, even that is no longer anything worth trying. You must have a casino player's card, order a drink, and their steak is horrible anyway.Trust me, NEVER GO TO MR. LUCKY'S!
4	I came here earlier today for lunch after I walked out of Pink Taco because of poor service.  Here, the service is always fast and friendly!  Earlier today, It took 10 minutes total from walking in to receiving the nachos I ordered.The downside was that the nachos were very American, which equates to gross for someone who has lived in San Diego for over a decade.  $18 for nachos with steak that did not taste much like steak.  To Lucky's credit, it's huge and will easily feed 2 people.That said, I come here often and most of the food is good, especially the breakfast me he and the prime rib dinner, which only cost $18 and rivals what I've had at fine dining restaurants. I came back here again this evening to have the "boneyard special", which is steak, eggs, hash browns, and toast (I declined this item), which was delicious.  The best part: this entree was only $7.77 if you buy any drink with it.  It was around $9.59 if you buy it without the drink, so you might as well get what is equivalent to a free drink.  Delicious. The downside: this desk is only available from midnight till 6am.Overall, I recommend this place for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I would never suggest you go out of your way to eat here if you are not staying at Hard Rock, but this place has excellent service, above average food for a reasonable price, and it's open 24/7!
5	This place kicks ass. easily the best, quickest, most reasonably prices resteraunt in the hard rock. Great customer service, they hacr a HUGE variety of food from pasta to burgers and even teriyaki bowls!Most importantly the best breakfast ever. You gott try their steak and eggs or their waffles.Definately eat here!
4	The steak meal for $7.77 was well worth it. It's gets 5 stars. However, the Chicken Teriyaki was so bad we couldn't eat it. They didn't charge us. The chocolate chip pancakes were decent.
4	I've been here many many times.  The service is always great.  They don't 'wow' you with their food but they keep you coming back.  It's also 24/7 so I've eaten here at 3:00am trying to sober up from a night of binge drinking to eating brunch with the family at 10:00am.  Every occasion the wait staff has been very cordial.
5	The food here is good and there are many healthy choices. My friend and I stayed at the hard rock casino and ate here one morning. She's allergic to gluten and was really happy to see gluten free items on the menu such as flatbread, pasta, pancakes and waffles. She ordered the gluten free pancakes and confirm and reconfirmed they were gluten free before she started eating. She got sick shortly after breakfast and we weren't able to get lunch. We told the manager the next morning. The manager did everything imaginable to make us feel they take food allergies seriously.
4	I got breakfast. Yogurt parfait was good. Bacon egg and hash browns were above average. The what toast was perfect. Best I've ever had. Coffee was strong and they give a full thermos so you don't need to wait in a server. Not that you would need to wait, service was great. Marvin was quick with everything and didn't hassle me whi
4	Showed up at 11 AM and there was a line 20 people deep to get in. The line went very quick. Our server was fast to greet us and take our order. I couldn't believe how quickly the food came out. My wife ordered the the Granola Parfait and she totally enjoyed it. I had the rehab burrito and was glad I ordered it. It came with fruit and the fruit was very fresh and sweet. Almost a 5 star experience except minus 1 star for the coffee. Just OK cofee. Great place for breakfast after a late night in Vegas.
1	horrible food and service. i ordered tuna wrap. barely any tuna. all i tasted was the damn wrap. overly salty fries! dry tuna!!
2	Went with a party of 8, everything we ordered was hard to swallow.  Luckily we were all starving.
4	Their Prime rib special is only meat and potatoes. No veggies included. Ordered a side plate of steamed veggies. Hey, you can't get everything. After all, it is all you can eat prime rib. I ordered an end cut and it was perfect. Medium Well and perfectly seasoned bite after bite.Did I mention, it's not found on their menu either. It's a hidden menu item but, you can order it anytime. So, enjoy an all you can eat $10.99 prime rib 24/7.Don't expect to compare it to Lawry's near by but, it is a good 16 ounce think cut prime rib. Juicy and tasty. Give it a try.
3	**Overall, the food isn't bad here. They have some rock-bottom cheap specials and it's a short drive from the Strip. Service is really sketchy, depending on the server, it can be good to downright awful. If you're looking for food that is above edible, stick to their regular menu.**I've been to Mr. Lucky's more times than I'd like to admit. When we were broke, we used to be regulars because this place was within our budget. I never wrote a review because almost every local has eaten here. It's like the Station buffets, why bother? Everyone has eaten, or will eat here because of the price but it's just mediocre food.However, I'm compiling a list for tourists for places just off the Strip, and Mr. Lucky's is just that. For tourists staying at Hard Rock or willing to travel to save a few buck, Mr. Lucky's is not a bad choice at all. Onto the food: Chicken and Waffles $14 - the food on the regular menu is fairly good, just ridiculously overpriced. However I liked my chicken and waffles, you get two crispy chicken fingers on top of a perfectly crisp waffle with a scoop of vanilla butter (that had specks of real vanilla bean). Very tasty! AYCE Prime Rib $11 - they changed this to Sundays only and they raised the price by a dollar. As you can see from the picture, you get a big slab or prime rib and some roasted potatoes. The prime rib was tasty. I didn't care for the potatoes and the fact you don't get sides on the second plate, just a thin slice of prime rib. Kinda chintzy if you ask me. Mr. Lucky Special $7.77 - the old secret menu favorite, you have to ask for it, it's not on their regular menu. I've eaten this more times than I like to admit. It's a small steak with shrimp and a side of veggies. You also get a side salad. It's a decent meal for the price. It makes for a great sponge to soak up all the alcohol you've imbibed in, or at least be able to throw up solid chunks. Heeey... don't say I never taught you anything! Graveyard Special $6.99 - Again, they're raising their prices, it used to be 4.99 with a player's card. Oh well... still a decent option at $7. You get a steak, eggs, hash browns and toast. Out of all the graveyard steak specials in town, this one is my second favorite, my first being Tuscany Suites. The cooks know how to cook a cheap piece of steak and the eggs are always the way I ask for them.
1	STILL sux & getting worse!!!   Yuck on the off- menu 777 late night special. Ya like to eat leather shoes &  rock hard shrimp? This is your choice. Gross. Service is simply the worst. Go to Pepper-mill if you want amazing late night grub!
4	Went twice in the last 2 days, had the lucky special burger the first time and the gamblers special the second.  Both were pretty good, service was good and the gamblers special had the steak cooked perfectly.   This might be my new go to at night when I'm here. Ill be back for sure.
4	First time here, came at 4am and got the steak and eggs special. This place has the best tasting steak and eggs special I've ever had. It's a pretty good size portion for 9.99 (7.99 with a drink). Service was fast and friendly, this will be my new favorite late night cafe!
4	I found out about the old secret menu at Mr. Lucky's 24-7.  Thanks, YELPERS!When I can, I try to eat Paleo-type meals, meat and veggies!  And on our family trip to celebrate my parent's 50th Wedding Anniversary, we tried to balance our budget between the pricey meals and the cheap ones to get more bang for our buck.This is just a little diner with lots of other options, but depending on your budget or how you spend the rest of your money on your visit, it can be a great saver!There is something called the Mr. Lucky's Special for $7.77 -  it's not on their menu.  So, we trekked there and I asked for it.  (You have to ask for it and they ask you the secret question of how much it costs before they will get it for you).  It's a small New York strip steak with shrimp and a side of veggies. You also get a side salad. It's a decent meal for a cheap price. For late night, they also have a Graveyard Special $6.99 - steak, eggs, hash browns and toast. The cooks do a good job cooking a cheap piece of steak and the eggs come out the way you ask for them. And in classic hard rock style, the people watching is fun.  :)
3	Guys night out at the Hard Rock lead us to Mr. Luckys! My buddy and I were winning money at the roulette table to the amount of $700-800. The pit boss appreciated our business and comped us to a restaurant of our choice, somehow we missed Nobu and stumbled into lucky 24/7. The service was above average and the food was classic american which was also above average. I had the prime rib with a beer float. The prices were great for what it was.
5	Good food and reasonably priced. I got the burger and it was huge, I couldn't even Finnish it. You should give this place a try and best of all, they are open 24/7 which makes for perfect drunk dinning :)
3	My group ended up here after unsuccessfully attempting to get steak and eggs from Tuscany. We were staying at the Hard Rock and asked an employee about good places to eat at 4am and he pointed us here. The menu looked pretty good, especially the breakfast items. I was about to order the country fried steak and eggs in an attempt to get somewhat of a fix since our Tuscany trip failed, but thanks to Yelp, I found out about their steak and eggs special! $7.99 when you order a drink. My group and I were really excited so most of us got the steak and eggs but a few were more intrigued by other items on the menu. I got a medium well steak with scrambled eggs and wheat toast. The portions were large! Two slices of toast both cut in half, I feel like that's a lot of bread. The eggs were great, but the steak was so so disappointing. It was so dry, I couldn't even finish it. I ended up wishing I ordered something else. TL:DR 3 stars for sad, dry steak.
3	Place is great for a late night meal, especially when everything else is closed in the area. But it took forever to get menus and service. The food was great, but service could have been better. The burger was a bit burnt, but at 2am what more could you ask for? Breakfast was a bit better but even that wasnt served sith a smile. I'd recommend only if you are drunk, or hung over and need something.
2	Ate here for breakfast. Typical diner food. My omelette was pretty good but the hash browns were awful! There was so much butter flavoring in them they were soggy. Wouldn't come here again.
5	Excellent service and food. We all got the Steak special for $7.77. The steak was a little tough but still good and the mashed-potatoes and green beans were delicious.
3	I loved this institution at the Hard Rock for years. I kept my opinion to myself selfishly because I didn't want everyone to know how great this place was. But apparently that backfired, because this place has seriously gone down hill since the most recent rebuild of the restaurant space because i hadn't visited in a little over a year. The 777 special still rocks at a good value although I've gone for the upgrade 999 more often than not, but so much has gone downhill with every aspect of the place from their slow service to the total lack of attention to the customers, to the poor food, and the very prevalent wrong food sent to wrong tables or extremely  incompetent servers . (I don't normally hold many servers at fault for incorrect food being served but as an example of the last 2 times I went there vegetarians were served actual sausage and gluten free people were served cartoned eggs and white toast.)  I want to love this place again but maybe as it has grown the charm and good service have been lost too. Oh well I'm sure next month when visiting the Hard Rock again I will stumble in for an amazing Black and White shake and maybe try the food again.
5	This is a great place right inside the Hard Rock Hotel. The food is good and affordable.
4	Convenient and quick.  Very attentive staff. Varied menu, including 24/7 breakfast selections. I appreciate that you can itemize the breakfast options.  I hate having to order "breakfast for a king," when I only want a quick snack. Priced fair.
2	Unfortunately, the quality here is no longer any good. I recently went back for the secret menu and was disappointed that my steak was dry, burnt, appeared smaller than usual, and the shrimp was also dry. The value just isn't there anymore. They now require you to order a fountain drink with the secret menu, so $10 for a small, burnt piece of steak and shrimp isn't worth it.
5	I had the Greek omlet with egg whites and fruit, and a coffee. Sat at the bar. Delicious, timing was perfect and service was quick and pleasant. Even more impressive is this was on a Saturday morning and it was very busy. The fruit was super fresh. So glad I chose this vs $$$$ room service.
2	Very basic, but they are open 24 hours and if you're drunk around Hard Rock, this place is an oasis in the smokey casino. I came here to pick up a friend's husband from a beer festival and we shared a pie shake (which their menu says they are known for). I was hoping it would remind me of the best (and only other) pie shake I had in SF from Chile Pies & Ice Cream (http://www.yelp.com/biz/chile-pies-and-ice-cream-san-francisco), but it unfortunately didn't come close. This place isn't my cup of tea, but it does some like a reliable and inexpensive hangover helper for those in need. If I'm wasted, I'm either completely passed out and don't want to eat/hear anything or I'm craving Jollibee, so you won't be finding me here.
2	*cue old man voice* Back in my day (late '90s), this place used to be something, something good. Value and quality has certainly dropped since I began going to Mr Lucky's in '96 when the steak and shrimp special was $5.95 and you weren't required to purchase a beverage and included a salad. The lemonade back in those days used fresh squeezed lemons not the powdered/concentrated crap they use now.These days, you can still find the off the menu steak and shrimp special (show your players card to get the deal), but for $7.77 minus the salad (really? how much money did you save by taking off the salad?!) and you are required to purchase a drink ($3 for a soda/tea/lemonade) so in reality, your special is not so special at $10.77. The steak, I believe has also shrunk in size since the special began. The two things that remain awesome is the grilled shrimp and the garlic mashed potatoes. Service, even sitting at the counter is spotty at best. If you happened to look at the menu for other food, it includes overpriced breakfasts and other items. I guess if you are starving at 3-4 am, drunk, and don't want to stumble anywhere else outside of the casino, this will fit the bill, but I won't be rushing back here anytime soon. Instead, I will head over to Eillis Island for the steak, potato and beer special (which includes a salad!)
3	We were looking for a place to eat before the KISS show at the Joint.  This place was hopping at 6PM but there were still available tables although seating at the counter seemed to be a popular choice.  We were shown to a big booth which I preferred over a table and chairs.  The menu has all day breakfast in addition to sandwiches, burgers, and salads.I wanted something 'lighter' than my previous dinners we had in Vegas where the portion sizes were big so I decided on the Lucky's turkey club sandwich with a salad.  The side salad was a decent size served on a plate.  Nothing special with iceberg lettuce, other vegetables, and the dressing on the side.  The sandwich was 2 halves served with a pickle.  It was like the other meals, and very big portion.  There was so much turkey in the sandwich, it was more than I would eat on Thanksgiving and I could barely fit it in my mouth.  I ate half and gave my husband most of the other half.  Although lots of food, turkey was a little dry.For $12, lots of food to devour.  The server was good at bringing us refills on our drinks.  Decent food and service.
4	We just love the nostalgic feel and 'local's secret menu' of steak & shrimp for $7.77(with players card). True, you are also required to purchase a drink...But no one really needs to twist my arm to buy a drink in Vegas.  The garlic mashed potatoes and string beans are fresh and quite tasty. For me, this meal is best as a late lunch/early dinner. Its not a huge order, but it is pretty satisfying.The staff is friendly and helpful, and the multiple times I have been here, our wait was short to none.
2	Well this is a total fail. I went to Mr. Lucky to get my favorite Nachos with chicken and asked about the Nachos. I don't like when they use the extra salty ones because the meal just taste like salty cheese. Some people might like that but not me, I'm watching my Sodium. So I can no longer have my Favorite dish here. Trying the something else is not always great but the rest of the food was ok.
5	The waiter was very nice and willing to change the sides when I didn't want what came with the meal. I had the Mac and cheese, and hands down, best Mac and cheese ever!!! Manager came over more than once to see how everything went. Since we were staying at the hotel we also had breakfast. The donuts were good but nothing can beat that Mac and cheese! Just sitting there watching the cooks and servers everyone really worked as a team pitching in wherever there was a need. Great team work, great service, and good food!
2	In Hard Rock, good food but the service was very slow and the server had a 'didn't care' type attitude. The food was pricey for how simple it was. Complained to the manager about how long the food took (about 40 minutes from when we ordered it) and he just said he'd let the kitchen know our comments.Wouldn't recommend, the only reason I'm giving it a two out of five is the food is good and there's always the possibility that the service was just off that day.
5	Great bang for your buck. It's  a 24/7 diner. A much better option than any huge diner chain. Great menu. Just be aware that at least during winter hours, Tuesday late night is a limited menu. They're cleaning the grill. The wait staff is awesome. Always a good tip. They took my favorite app. Off the menu. Rueben spring rolls. But the rueben is delishes. So is the lucky burger, with generous bacon. The fries, the onion ring stack with Chipotle dip, the 7.77, the chicken soup and the bbq chicken salad. . . . .yum! The nachos are monstrously huge. Perfect place to go after a great concert at The Hard Rock. Great place to go, period.
3	We had the Nachos with chicken, to add the chicken it was an extra $3 for chicken and when we got the Nachos there was no chicken all they did was not charge us for the chicken on the nachos. The manager didn't even come and say anything all she did was stand at the end of the counter and talk to another coworker. The nachos were ok and not out I this world.
5	Can not beat the 7.77 deal totaly worth it.
4	There's only one reason I come here, for the $7.77 deal. Seems like it was changed around because it used to be u would get a side salad and your main entree with steak, 3 shrimp, and mashed potatoes. But now it is just your steak, 3 shrimp, mashed potatoes, and now instead of a salad it's green beans, which are delicious. However in order for you to get the deal at $7.77 you have to have a players club card with them, which in case you don't have one yet they'll just sign you up right there, super easy. But if u refuse to sign up for it, then the meal is $9.99. This deal is not on the menu, so u do have to ask for it yourself, but it is available everyday and 24hrs a day.
4	777 Special was good, ordered a side salad, as it doesn't come with it anymore. But steak was well done and they immediately took it back and prepared a new perfectly medium rare for me. Otherwise I would have given 5 stars. However, other than the specials, menu items are way overpriced such as cool looking nachos, but $12-15 for chips cheese and some meat isn't worth it.Stick with the specials and you will enjoy your time!
2	The first time I ate here, my 7.77 steak and shrimp deal was great. The service was fast and polite.  However, I returned with friends two days later and was disappointed with the inexplicable wait time to be seated--the place wasn't filled to capacity, not even half-full. A couple before us walked off. The hostess was friendly, but we were seated at a table that had not been cleaned thoroughly.  My guest was about to lose patience, so we all elected to leave. I hope Mr. Lucky's gets its act together.
