4	MY THANKSGIVINGS OVER THE PAST 4 YEARS:2004: Rainforest Cafe, San Francisco, CA (food so overpriced and terrible that I can't even remember what I ate)2005: my roommate's family's house, Salinas, CA (spent eating Filipino food on a Saturday, since for some reason they don't celebrate the holiday on the actual day)2006: Todai, Las Vegas, NV (Japanese buffet at the now extinct Aladdin Hotel, overthrown by Planet Hollywood)2007: Buffet at Treasure Island, Las Vegas, NVAt first glance, my list makes it seem as if it's been years since I've had a REAL Thanksgiving. Au contraire, this year was as genuine a holiday as ever--surrounded by family, endless rows of food, endless outlet stores on Black Friday, endless betting tables and slots, endless nightlife possibilities... Seriously, how much more thankful could you be!!Not to mention, the Buffet at T.I. had an impressive authentic Thanksgiving dinner spread that Thursday evening. I had the teensiest slices of turkey and ham, and the ittiest bit of mashed potatoes. The rest of my plate went to sushi, crab legs and dessert (including a pumpkin donut... was too full for pie).If you're staying at the hotel, the buffet is worth checking out. It seemed pretty clean, semi-new, and ok-pleasant (in that brightly lit, gluttonous sort of way).  At $30 a pop, I thought it could have been a little less expensive, especially after we ate at Carnival World Buffet at Rio, a buffet that's 10 times bigger and more popular, for only $22 each. However, this could have been the jacked price just for Thanksgiving. I'm not sure.Btw, I really am not as thankful for gambling as I made it sound. I actually don't even like gambling. However, FOOD... oh yes. I am thankful. And thankful for the buffet for making food very abundant and accessible.Thank you for buffets!!!
1	If I could give negative stars, I would. I go to Vegas every year and ALWAYS stay at TI. I've tried this buffet for the past few years and it's been HORRIBLE every time. There's not much variety of foods to choose from and the food is almost always cold. Not a good place at all. The old buffet at Treasure Island was AMAZING...once it changed over to TI and this buffet was added, it's been all downhill. The cafe near check-in is AMAZING...I would recomend it any day. Stay away from this buffet!!!
5	I tried this buffet specifically since it was named the Best of Las Vegas by the editors of the Las Vegas Review Journal.  They have a point!  The decor is unlike any buffet I have seen.  It seems more like an upscale, intimate restaurant than your typical cafe style buffet.  They have different stations featuring (my favorite) fresh sushi, wood fired pizza, made-to-order salads and pastas, BBQ ribs and chicken, and without question the best dessert choices I have seen anywhere!  While there may be higher quality food at some of the (much) more expensive buffets in town, for the price you pay at TI, this one offers the best value in terms of service, decor, food choices and excellent desserts!
3	The buffet here is OKAY.  It's decent food and not too expensive.  Everything is fresh, though, so I can't complain about that!Try the Mirage buffet for about the same price, but way better food!
3	I ate here for lunch a saturday,  the food was good and fresh. For $15 all youu can eat the price was just right. I like the deco, it was like a chic restaurant less like a buffet. I give it  3 stars in comparison to the 5 star seafood village buffet at Rio
4	The buffer at TI was ranked as one of the best in LV, at least that's what KC said after reading through 24/7. It wasn't disappointing. The service was excellent and the food was also quite good. They have a large variety, with a custom pasta, salad, and sandwich bar. The food is average to above average. What put it in the 4 star for us was the service and their niche products that hit the spot. Frozen bananas, chocolate covered strawberries, cotton candy, tamales, and gnocchi.
3	Great: ribs, pulled pork, beef tripe noodles, french toast, mac n' cheese, mini donuts, strawberry dipped chocolates, eclairsAverage: fried rice, pot stickers, collard greens, sushi, corned beef
2	I would have given it 3 stars. While their selection isn't huge, its offerings were enough since I was starving and would have eaten anything. The sushi was surprisingly fresh and decent. The stir fry veggies and noddles were tasty.Their American bbq section...the tri-tip= not so great, okay mac&cheese, weak greens and decent yams. Yummy salad bar, but they prepare it for you. And the dessert bar? My favorite part of the meal. They had a great selection of mini desserts. The creme brulee, fruit tart, chocolate covered strawberries and banana donuts were all yummy.Although some of my food didn't taste that great- it wasn't horrible, I was fine there leaving with a full stomach. But not even a couple hours laters, my tummy started hurting and I was hoping it'd go away as we had got to our seats for the Love show. Sadly, my stomach got worse and I had no other choice than to go poop in a public bathroom. I NEVER go #2 in a public bano! That's just not cool. But my stomach was killing me and thankfully, I was able to relieve myself with plenty of time before the show started. Because of my bad tummy ache, and not being able to pinpoint what brought it on, I will say that visiting The Buffet at TI in the future will not be on my list. :(
3	Price was right at $16.00 for a buffet on a Sunday. The service was good and the food was good, especially their deserts. But, not a big variety of food. Otherwise it would have been a 4 star.
3	I gtave this one a very generous 3 stars. I would have given it about a 2, and my fiancee would have given it a 4, so, I figured I'd split the difference. Overall, it was very pricey for dinner when we went here on Sunday night, $26. We didn't realize it wasn't the $21 advertised until we had already been rung up, but apparently the extra cost included the addition of a lot of seafood like crab legs which my fiancee wanted.As far as meat, other than some good prime rib, there really wasn't much of anything. Almost no chicken, other beef, pork, etc. All and all, I think I ate almost exclusively side dishes (which were all very good), but all sort of made me feel like it wasn't worth the $26 entrance fee.The desserts were very good, but nothing special. Ice cream, chocolate covered strawberries and other pastries were all solid, but nothing that really made me go "wow." On the plus side, the service was really good, and the waitress and other staff very helpful.I can't recommend this for the high price unless you're really into crab legs, but it may be a good value at lunch.
2	I can sum this up pretty quickly.Long wait if you dine late at night.  Apparently it's because they don't have anyone to clear tables because when I finally got to pay my $22 (comped, fortunately) I was lead past more than a few dirty tables that I could have been seated at if they had been cleaned.I liked the barbecue varieties, but the Cajun food I tried was kinda gross.  So were the "Chef's Specialty" barbecue chicken wings (very dry and obviously sitting under heat lamps for a long time).  Dessert kinda saved the day, but it wasn't enough for me to cheer about.Go if you must, but if you're looking for a "destination buffet" this isn't it.
3	Went for breakfast, and it was around 13.00 per person. The buffet is average. You got your hashbrowns, biscuits, sausage, made-to-order omelette's and pancakes and waffles. They also have pastrys and cereal in the back. People never find that because its not connected to the main buffet. You might think its big, but its probably similar to a small breakfast buffet thing at any hotel like La Quinta. The food was good though, they just lost me at variety. Spend a few more bucks and head over to the wynn.
3	We always stay at the Treasure Island and every time I am thankful because I am in close proximity to one of my favorite buffets. Should I get some comfort food in mac and cheese and pizza, or a taste of the orient with orange chicken and sushi. No matter what my main course is I ALWAYS make sure to get the cobb salad, it's a party in my mouth every time.  Its by far the best cobb salad I've ever had and my favorite part of the meal.  And no matter what you do don't forget to check our the dessert section, even if you have no room left, take some home with you. Not the best buffet, but definitely has its highlights and should be visited.
3	Last visit: 2008-07-06We always come here and I do not even like it that much. My mom plays a lot in Mirage, but we get TI comps so we eat at the TI buffet. The food is decent, but nothing spectacular. The sushi selection could be better. I like that they have asian soup and they have a decent they-make-your-own-salad selection. Honestly, for a buffet however, they do not have much too choose from for each different station.What I like best about the buffet is the desserts!!! And that's all I have to say about that.
2	TI's brekfast entailed eggs, chicken sausage, and dessert after dessert after dessert.  It was great, albeit the worst of our 3 breakfasts by far (Paris and Bellagio otherwise).....the fruit sushi and donut machine were definitely unique, though
5	The best brunch buffet in vegas. period. everything here is delicious, and suprisingly, it doesnt taste buffet-y.here's my runstart off with egg white omellet with sausage and mushrooms, with a side of hash browns and sausage linksthen i work my way towards the mash potatoes, gravy, sliced turkey breasts, and mac n cheese.then i go again, same thingthen it's desert time, with eclaires, chocolate dipped strawberries, and cheesecake.then i'm done!
4	So my friends and I randomly came across this buffet at our hotel because we were starving and saw that they had prime rib and crab for 25 bucks... haha where can you go wrong with that?!! anyways, that's all I wanted was prime rib and mashed potatoes !! The sushi wasn't that great, my friends ended up just eating the top like the unagi and raw fish while putting aside that hard rice they use. I believe the macaronie did give me a stomach ache because it was a little too cheesy, the Chinese food was ok, a tad bit greasy. Yeah, I can't say much because I'm basically giving them 4 stars for the prime rib. Oh! The crab was better than I expected, it wasn't too salty unlike other buffets I have tried. They had a good selection of desserts like cotton candy, chocolate puff thingies, a variety of ice cream, crembule (not sure how to spell that), fruit chocolate tarts, and a lot more! I was getting too excited at the moment because I just wanted to indulge myself with chocolate and sweets. Although T.I. isn't well known as Bellagio's buffet, I came out actually being pretty satisfied and content with the food there.. but that's only because I went for their prime rib. I'm sure other resorts especially Bellagio has an awesome buffet as I recall they have a better selection of food.
2	Had the breakfast into lunch buffet this past Saturday. From about 11am to 1pm.Ehhh, its ok. The desserts are the only good highlight. But everything else is so so.  Decent selection of mostly standard lunch items. They have a coffee/espresso machine... It made me an amazing mocha espresso drink and a separate cappuccino drink. Both amazing.
4	for $20 it was worth it..and it was a champagne brunch..so we had unlimited momosas! dey even had pho!...i enjoyed da turkey & mac n cheese...i would definitely come bak!
2	It will fill you up and it's a good price to pay for food ... but it's really only ok and if you're going to be in Vegas, don't waste your stomach space on this. There are MUCH BETTER places to eat at, guaranteed.
3	We paid $28 for dinner during Thanksgiving Weekend. I think that was a little overpriced for what we got. Definitely don't make a trip to TI just for the Buffet, we ate there b/c we were staying there. The crab legs were tiny, everything else so-so. I agree with the rest of the reviewers, there are MUCH better places to eat. The dessert area is awesome though!!
1	This was my first Vegas buffet. My boyfriend got food poisoning from this buffet. The selection was small and it was often difficult to get at the food because it was not set up in the tradition buffet style. It was more like a cafeteria. The pasta section had a chef that would make you whatever you ordered. I ordered some pasta which ended up tasting like the pan he cooked it in. I didn't eat more than a couple of bites before I was completely disgusted. Everything else didn't taste good either. This was a terrible buffet. The dessert selection was good, but I don't go to buffets for the dessert. One star for crappy food!!!
3	wasn't that bad, wasn't that good. I feel like I was too full off booze to really make the most of it.The desert bar wasn't very impressive save for 1 thing, cotton candy. I really wanted to carry it out with me, as cotton candy seems like a walking activity, but alas, no could do.Most memorable thing was gnocchi with pesto. Pesto was super delicious and made to order.The sushi bar is, as you would expect it. Fish is B grade at best, but wasn't horrible, on par with grocery store sushi.It was about $50 for 2 for dinner. I only ate probably $15 at most, I failed at gluttony but made up for it with booze.Probably wouldn't return but it was alright.
3	It was a mediocre buffet. Service was nice, food was okay. For $21/person dinner, you could probably get better food choices else where. However, definitely give creme brulee a try as it was divine!
2	This place just had a really inconsistent selection of food.  We went for the brunch, which ended up being $20 a person.  The breakfast was weird - the eggs were soft like I like them but had a strange rice-like consistency, the sausages were also mushy inside, and the bacon was not crunchy but not limp either.  The sushi was just eh, not memorable - it tasted like it had been made earlier and refrigerated, because it was cold and kind of hard. The shrimp was peel-n-eat, which is a good way to keep lazy people from eating it. The fresh fruit (grapes, pineapples, strawberries) were good, and so was the stir fried veggies.  The corned beef was way dry, but the BBQ pork ribs were pretty damn good.  *sigh* what can I say? After eating at Wynn the night before, TI couldn't even compare. We just wanted something quick before going to the airport, so I guess this place worked in a pinch. But, if you had a choice and wanted to pay something in the same price bracket, I think the one at the Mirage was much better from my last visit to Vegas.
4	You made my heart smile..  Twice!  Is that even possible.  Dinner was about $26 when we went on a Friday night.  But oh so tasty.  We had sushi, freshly made donuts, pizza (my favorite), hummus, pasta, BBQ that I couldn't get enough of, shrimp, chili, and much more.  They also had huge dessert bar with creme brulee, cake, cotton candy, fruit tarts.  And did I mention the freshly made donuts?  Brunch was slightly different and had more breakfast items.  I loved the omlete bar.  They also had waffles later on.  And yes, the donuts were in attandance.  They're open seven days a week.Breakfast   7:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. Mon. - Fri.  Champagne Brunch 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Sat. - Sun. Lunch 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Mon. - Fri. Dinner 4:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. Mon. - Thu. 4:00 p.m. to 10:30 p.m. Fri. - Sun.  BUFFET PRICES*:Breakfast, Monday - Friday: $13Brunch, Saturday - Sunday: $17Champagne Brunch, Saturday - Sunday: $20Lunch, Monday - Friday: $16Dinner, Monday - Thursday: $21Dinner, Friday - Sunday: $26* Buffet Prices are plus tax, and subject to change
4	The Buffet at Treasure Island was a surprising favorite of mine.  We ate at one buffet every day of our week long stay and this one of two at the top of my list!  It is one of the more inexpensive buffets at $21/person for dinner, but I was impressed at the quality of food and the value!I really liked their food selections and the variety that was offered.  They had a made to order pasta bar that was my favorite of all the buffet pasta bars.  The flavors were fresh and the pasta wasn't oily.  I would recommend a mixed sauce of marinara and alfredo with the pasta of your choice and chicken and veggies tossed in!  They offered a good mix of recognizable American Chinese dishes (like orange chicken & spring rolls) as well as some more authentic Chinese fare, like beef tendon soup.  Even my husband's Chinese family was pleasantly surprised with the more traditional Chinese dishes.  The sushi was fresh and some of the best offered at a buffet. There is an extensive made to order salad bar for those who want to add a healthier course to their buffet experience, as well as delicious comfort foods like tender ribs, mashed potatoes, and mac & cheese.  The dessert buffet was wonderful and don't miss the fresh donuts!  I had to go back for seconds.  There is even some whimsy with freshly spun cotton candy.  It is a very modern clean restaurant that feels more like an bright but upscale restaurant than a hotel meeting space (which described several of the buffets we ate at.)  I think that it was recently renovated.  The restroom is located outside the restaurant in the casino, which was less than convenient, but otherwise, I really enjoyed both the food and atmosphere of the TI Buffet!  I would highly recommend this buffet and wished we had eaten there earlier in the week...I would have been tempted to return during our stay.
5	How many buffets have you eaten? Well in Vegas they come a dime a dozen, and I have to tell you this is the best I have had. Vegas has some of the nastiest buffets I have ever had. What I liked about this Buffet was the Brunch. All the breakfast items were ace! The omelet station was tops. The dessert section is one of the best I've ever had at a Buffet. I'm usually hungover when I come here...so I know that I'm eating good food (i'm extra picky about my food when i'm hungover), and this is the best Buffet I have ever been to in Vegas. EVER! I've taken picky eaters here, and they've enjoyed it. There is something for everyone here.
2	Not impressed. Out of the 20+ items , only one was truly good.  The itty bitty fresh made donuts were mouthwatering good. Nice try integrating Chinese breakfast with the congee but it was truly terrible.
4	this buffet was reasonably priced and had wide variety of foods for breakfast.  i recommend it!
4	I love this buffet!  I think i went for dinner..or was it lunch..well one of those and it was sooooooooo good!here are the things that really stuck out:salads: you can either make your own salad OR they make specialty salads for you!  they range from asian..to american style salads.  i thought this was pretty cool... i have never seen one of these before.japanese section: mMmmM sushi was good, noodles were good, everything was good from heredessert: they have thee best desserts ever! their chocolate covered strawberries were delicious! i couldn't stop eating them!I think the treasure island buffet was one of thee best buffets in vegas.  i would def. come back here
1	Attempted to consume a meal at this buffet in January 2009.  Unsuccessful.  Eggs were rubbery, fruit was old, and everything else was greasy and unappetizing.  I hear TI has since changed ownership, so maybe it's better now.
5	I HEART THE PLACE!!!!!~~~***this is my FAV BUFFET!! i always eat here whenever i go to vegas! heheh i love the make your own salad... its very yummy~  i love how they have their own cotten candy maker.. and they have this pho thing~ its hard for me to leave once im there... cuz i just want to eat everything!yes~ its THAT GOOD!
5	Seven of us went to this Buffet.  All of us liked the food.  Everyone found food they liked.  We really liked the sushi.  My daughter ate tons of the sushi it was very fresh.    The desserts were great.  My kids really liked having cotton candy.
1	The decor was nice and that's about it. I honestly couldn't find one thing I truly liked. The best thing was the cotton candy and chocolate covered strawberries. Service was decent. I'm actually surprise that so many people like it. FYI: There's no such thing as good sushi and ethnic food at a Vegas buffet, people!!! Do yourself a favor and go across the street to the Wynn's buffet.
3	Rushing before Mystere- we settled for here. High points are the personalized tossed salads and pasta making station. I had tortellini primavera which they pan-friend with fresh veggies. Also nice to have are the fresh mini-donuts (cinnamon-mmmm) and the cotton candy. It's $26 for dinner- not bad compared to others. The rest..eh...s-aight.My husband thought this place was one of the better ones...if that even matters. jk
2	Not the best Vegas buffet I've ever had. Not even close. I don't like the tiny plates at each of the stations and the absence of a self-serve salad bar. T.I. is clearly trying to present a "high end" buffet with the smaller plates but ultimately detracts from the whole purpose of buffet: getting lots of different food all at once. At least that's how I like my buffet. Aside from the presentation of the buffet here, the food itself was not very good. The prime rib was flavorless, the salad that I requested, a spinach salad, was blah. The mac and cheese was a half step up from Kraft. The sushi really killed me: the station had a selection of maybe two or three pieces of different sushi on each plate so you are stuck taking the combinations they have created for you.  And the sushi wasn't even very good! Mushy rice, bland fish. The crab legs and shrimp were ok and tasted pretty fresh. I enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries and macaroon for dessert. But all in all, this is one weak buffet that I will not be visiting again.
3	yeah sure... this buffet is not bad... but it's not as good as Wynn... although i do give props to the Chinese food section, it does taste like real Chinese food, and also the dessert section...my fav pasta station, was the best, until i tried Wynn's... fresher ingredients and more selection... one more thing to mention is their salad bar, it's quite good
1	This buffet is the worst I have been at in Vegas.  Next to it is only Cravings at the Mirage.  Absolutely not worth it.  You come out of there wishing you have gone somewhere else even though it is cheap. Poor selection and low quality food.
5	I really liked the food here. I'm not a big fan of buffets but this place hit the spot. It was $28 including tax. They had seafood, bbq stuff, chinese, japanese, italian, and mexican food. Their dessert section was pretty big and good. Everyone in our party agreed that it was the best buffet we've had.
4	It's much cheaper than other buffets I believe $13 for lunch (or about $17 with unlimited sparking champagne that's pretty good), and $26 for dinner. I stay away from the filler carbs and go straight to the mexican, bbq, italian, and chinese food. Surprisingly the best thing here are the black pepper beef ribs. They are absolutely amazing. I've been here twice and had plate after plate of it. The pastas are good too, mix then with the brisket and ribs with tangy bbq sauce and it's great. Service is very friendly and deserves a tip as well. When you're done the dessert section is to die for. A million flavors of ice cream and yogurt, chocolate covered strawberries, it's fantastic. A great buffet in Vegas that won't break the bank either. I like lunch here most.
2	This buffet was kind of a let down for me.  I was really exited to go to a buffet that had all of my favorites.  Pho, a coffee station and I've heard from my Yelpers that they had cotton candy too. I'll start with the pho, it was horrible.  I don't see how they can even get away with calling it that.  The so called tendon was actually huge fatty chunks of beef most people use for pot roasts.  They had no hoisen sauce, hot sauce or sprouts.  The noodles were super small and tasted funny.  I can't even be certain they were rice noodles.  Two bites in and I was done.I found the coffee station but the machine was broken.  A little screen informed me only hot water was available.  That's okay, I was allowed to have two whole iced teas before the waiter pulled a dissapearing act.  The dessert bar is the best one I have seen at a buffet.  Chocolate covered strawberries, fresh made baby doughnuts, hand scooped ice cream are just a few of the treats here.  I asked about the cotton candy but was told the machine was broken.  Not two minutes later the kids at the next table come bouncing over with their purple cotton candy on a stick.  I guess it was only "broken" for me.  My husband enjoyed the food and said it was well worth the seventeen dollar lunch price based on the sushi alone.  I'm sure the pasta bar is great too, but I didn't want to wait when the line was ten deep.  Not all the food was bad, but even the good stuff is not worth the drive.
2	Well, to be fair, two & a half stars.  Nothing I ate was better than okay.  Prime rib was a bit sad and overdone as compared to Wynn & Paris buffets.  BBQ ribs were nasty, but the pulled pork was actually good...go figure!  One nice thing was not having to wait in a "line-of-death" while starving, as we did at Paris/Wynn.  I guess the food quality keeps crowds at bay.  Really, the only reason we ate there was so as not to have to rush back for the 7PM Mystere show, which was by far the best thing I experienced in LV.  Cheers....
3	The only reason why I came here is because I stayed at Treasure Island and didn't want to go too far. First off the price was $23 dollar and this was at lunch!! Typical buffets, nothing special, I really wanted Prime rib but it was not serve until dinner=(
2	Now I know TI isn't Wynn or Bellagio (which had GREAT buffets btw) so I didn't walk in expecting top of the line fine dining here but I was expecting a bit more for my $22(+tax) dinner buffet @ Treasure Island than what I got.While the staff is helpful enough, the place just seems kind of on the cheapish side and it has very little selections despite it offering "Asian/American/Italian/Mexican" fare. Most of the food was cooled down to room temp already or just tasted off. I can find a bigger selection at my local buffet back home for less. The dessert was good, probably the best they had to offer out of the whole place. I would either save my money and walk on over to one of the malls for a quick cheap bite to eat or spend just a bit more money and time to get on the line for the buffets at the better resorts.
4	great buffet !!  we went for breakfest and it was 15 bucks a person!! great price. the food was also very good..fresh.. you got to hit up the omelet bar..the chef makes a mean omelet.
1	The only thing at TI worth seeing is the Sirens show out front. This buffet was boring, lacked variety, and the food was of questionable freshness. I know it is a Vegas buffet and not to expect much but I thought it would be better for the price. Now I know why they do not let you see the buffet until you pay. If I had the chance we would have gone elsewhere. The pork ribs were way undercooked, I addressed it and got a guy in a cheap sportcoat to tell me that is how they cook it. They cleared out table twice while we were getting something else. The desserts were offered a bit of redemption, but by the end of the meal , we were just ready to go. For a Strip Casino, this was a poor example.
3	To be honest, the worst part about this buffet was the price. $22 for lunch is just ridiculous.I dont care for champagne or Mimosas so the fact that they were included was irrelevant.On the other hand, I was impressed with the variety of foods they actually did have.I was feeling queasy (shocking, Vegas?) so I couldnt mentally enjoy most of what I was seeing.My red skin mashed potatoes with turkey gravy were bomb. The actual turkey was incredible and usually turkey sucks.The egg drop soup had the best texture but way too many peas.I couldnt think of eating a salad but the salad station was incredible. I liked that a person assembled your salads for you so no ones dripping elbow skin on top of the bacon bits.As far as entree foods, I thought an improvement they could make is not have as large quantities sitting out because the texture changes and then its no fun. The desserts were RIDICULOUS! We were seated right by them and it was torture. So many miniature desserts. It was so cool. I had a little cheesecake, a chocolate covered strawberry and a bite of mini donuts which only could have been better if they were hot.The dudes loved the ice cream and cookies which I also couldnt stomach too much of. I did taste the ice cream and it was so super smooth and creamy. Tasted like Blue Bell.Overall it wasnt bad. I would have been able to enjoy it a lot more if I hadnt been feeling like death. (:
3	from reading prior reviews, maybe I stepped into the Mirror Universe and went to their TI buffet, where the food was great and the staff was evil. also, they may have been wearing goatees and putting new employees into the Agony Booth.lunch was $16.50, and the food was all fresh and delicious. there was Asian food, sushi, pasta, cold cuts, pizza, Mexican food, south/southwest bbq, and a lot of desserts.a sampling of what I ate:custom mini-donuts - YEAH.chicken-fried steak - YEAH.flank steak - YEAH.make your own tacos - YEAH.tortilla soup - YEAH.sweet mashed potatoes - YEAH.I won't give it 5 stars because the staff was initially very rude to us. we had some friends who were supposed to come join us later, bringing our crew from 6 to 9 or 10, and they UTTERLY REFUSED to clear aside an adjacent table for our additional comrades, saying something about "stations" not being open. by "stations" I think they meant tables.there were maybe ten tables occupied in the whole restaurant, so that is about 20% occupancy. WHAT THE CRAP, Mirror Universe employees? in the end it turned out that those additional people flaked out on us, so minus 50 points to them as well (ah, if only Yelp let you rate friends), but still, there was no reason for this behavior.the guy who got us drinks was nice though.so, in closing: food is worth 4 stars, staff is a 3; I'm rounding down to a 3. I'd go back, but would seriously consider giving a firm slap upside the head to an employee who gives me flak; next time I won't go right after my flight in. NEXT TIME THE FLEET WILL NOT EXIT HYPERSPACE SO SOON!
2	Definitely not worth $22 for champagne brunch when the food is meh.  I can get way better food for the same price elsewhere. This place had some kinda gross eggs and also eggs benedict, but at least the omelettes were good and the coffee was strong. The desserts were displayed well but my cookie tasted stale. I would only go here out of convenience or drunken stupidity. The TI buffet is not that good of a buffet, at all, and you might as well spend the extra bucks to cab it to another hotel for buffet food.
2	After realizing that every other restaurant at the TI was a walk-up, take-out, [late lunch time] we opted to sit down at the buffet restaurant. Boring and mediocre, if I hadn't been starving I might have been offended.
3	Pretty average buffet at pretty average prices. Nothing really stood out as awesome (the meatloaf was pretty good but if you can't do meatloaf just give up).That is nothing stood out except for the amazing PASTA ROBOT MAN CHEF. There was this guy who would make u pasta where u could choose what type of pasta (fettuccine, tortellini, etc) what type of sauce (bolognese, alfredo, pesto, etc) and ur choice of chicken, mushrooms, or tomatos. But this man had machine like efficiency in how he did it, everything in on fire half the time but this man epitomized efficiency. You would have a hard time making a machine be as awesome as him since it wouldn't be able to be more efficient and it would lack has mustache. remember, machines can't grow mustaches.
1	You would have to be nuts to eat here. I ate here on a Sunday night and it was really piss-poor. The food tasted like mediocre versions of what you'd get at cheap take out places. The fried rice was awful, the turkey breast tasted worse than the kind you'd get at a hospital cafeteria, and I didn't even bother venturing to the dessert section. Go the the Mirage buffet instead!!!!
4	We stayed at TI for 4 nights and unfortunately only managed to eat here once.  I thought the food was above average as far as buffets go.  The pasta station was great...lots of options and everything was fresh.  They had multiple different styles of food from mexican to barbeque to asian.  The set-up was great...it didn't have a cafeteria vibe.  Seating is in the middle but large (mostly glass) dividers separate you from the stations making it feel more like a restaurant than a buffet.  As mentioned in other reviews, the dessert section was by far the highlight of the meal.  Mini-donuts that melt in your mouth, fresh cakes, chocolate covered strawberries and my wife absolutely loved the mini creme-brule.  Price was as expected for Vegas but I thought it matched the quality and selection well.  I'll definitely be back.
4	Clean fun casino with a hearty buffet. Well-priced and good food. Recommended as a dependable buffet, especially for a casual lunch.
1	I've been here about 3 times... and it is probably the biggest gamble you will make in Vegas. If you step foot into this place, its a risk that would be equivalent to doubling down on a 20.Anyhow, I've gotten sick here literally everytime that I've been. Something is not right about the food here and nothing about the food pops out. It's a bit on the smaller side, you'll notice walking to every stand whereas other buffets will make you take a few trips before you've seen everything. I think we've only gone here for sheer convenience... poor stomach, how I have wronged you so!I was upset because they took away the smoked salmon a lot earlier than they should have and to top it off, they said come back in 5 minutes for some more only for it to be replaced by some generic dish I could easily get at Hometown Buffet.I'm glad the last time I came here I got the champagne brunch because if I was a bit more cognizant of everything going on, I would have definitely been more upset. Avoid, NEVER again. I'm the fool for going here 3 times...
4	Let's see here, where to begin.  The food is typical buffet - and there were so many choices.  I felt like I had to try everything.  After eating breakfast here everyday we never needed lunch!  It kept us until dinner, and in Vegas - that's important.  They had all typical breakfast food, fruit, pastries, and unique items that I tried for the first time.  Service was good and the price is reasonable (for a decent buffet) about 12 bucks a person (I have had ones in Vegas for 24 that were crap compared to this)All in All A good experience, and if I ever catch myself at the TI again I will go back!
3	Went in for the breakfast buffet $14 + tax. Selection was not bad with all the typical offerings. (fruit, bread, cereal, bagels, etc). Went head first for the meat. Bacon, sausage, ham, portuguese sausage were all basic. Hash was very good, eggs looked not to appealing and were passed, toast was hard as rock and hash browns were decent. Nice selection of asian foods for breakfast that I didnt try but will if I go again. Service was great and hot tea was the highlight after eating it came with 2 bags, 2 lemon wedges and a new unopened tiny glass jar of honey.  For an extra few bucks probably better off going to Wynn or Palazzo (~$20) for the breakfast buffet.
3	I give this place a solid 3 stars. Their food here isn't, the absolute BEST, but their desserts are AHHHMAAAAAZINGGGG. This place used to be my favorite buffet because of my sweet tooth. ;) They have donuts, cotton candy, chocolate covered strawberries, which I might, say are DELICIOUS. They also have a decent selection of ice cream and a whole bunch of other delectable goodies to choose from! They also have a pasta station which isn't too bad either. Another really good thing about this place is that their salad is really good. The service isn't too bad from what I can remember. XD
4	Yummy....everything was solid...I was surprised about their quality.  I was expecting mediocre food and was pleased.  Dinner is 22.99 which is totally a steal.  they didnt have crab legs though but they made it up with the cotton candy in the dessert area..lolloved it :)
1	Oh, T.I.  You should be ASHAMED to even call this a "Buffet."We got comped, so we checked it out, and decided "What the heck."  Unfortunately, we'd checked it out at late breakfast time, and actually did the whole "Eating" part at dinner.  Breakfast, if small in selection, at least looked decent.  Dinner?Oh.  Em.  Gee.First of all, I really hope EVERY person (all 6 of them) at the buffet that evening were also Comped. Because seriously?  If I'd paid $22 for that "Selection" of foods, I'd be calling the Better Business Bureau and reporting fraud.Ok, so: The decor is contemporary. It looks chic.  That's where it ends. Let's take the tour:Sushi "Bar": Actually a mostly-empty shelf with saran-wrapped platters of old, oxidizing nigiri behind glass next to a shelf of mini-plated with 2-3 Nigiri apiece on them. The "Fish" (Salmon and Tuna, presumably)  was happily decomposing...(I mean "OXIDIZING" but that's the first step) atop the solid riceballs. The dark coloration of the Salmon was disgusting, and I walked right past it.Next Station: The "Confused" Station.  Grape Leaves, Hummus, and Olives... with Seaweed/Krab and vinegar "Salad" and some other randomness. Got the Grape Leaves and some Hummus. They were actually the best taste we had of the entire "Buffet"... and they were pretty mediocre.Then came the "Chinese" Station. Some LoMein, Fried Rice, "Kung Pao" chicken, Beef and Broccoli, Stir Fried something, and a Pho Station.  Cool... some Pho. Or not... since 3 out of the 4 bowls were non-pho soups. (WonTon, Ramen Noodle...Don't know what else...)  I got a bowl of the Beef Tendon Pho. The broth was actually decent, but there were no "Pho-courtiments" like basil, cilantro, bean sprouts, fish sauce...Nada. Take it as it is.  Also:  The "Tendon" was also Tripe. Mainly Tripe.Sigh.Beyond that, it was the "BBQ" section.  Pork Spareribs in a Pile under a Heat Lamp (really.)  Skunky Mac'N'Cheese, Undercooked Collards, Mashed Sweet Potatoes with NO flavor... and "BBQ BEEF BRISKET."  Which would be fine, if it were not the EXACT SAME BEEF that was labeled right next to it, in a steam pan with gravy, as "FLANK STEAK"... AND... over in the MEXICAN Section? SAME MEAT Labeled as "Carnitas"!!!  What. The. HELL??? There was probably more at the "BBQ" area but I'd moved on.  Then there is a refrigerated salad station where they'll make you one of their pre-set "Salads." I had to BEG for just a couple of the Fresh Mozzarella Balls... since they were "Locked Up" behind the glass instead of on display so that people might actually EAT THEM. There WAS a "Cheese Plate" which looked like something they'd bought at Costco and set out. Charming.I'm skipping something here, but I can't remember what. At breakfast it was the Omelette station. At Dinner, it apparently was unappetizing enough to drop from my memory. Coming up to the Pasta Prep Station. They have old, hard, cold "Display" plates of their offerings.  Even if I had been hungry enough (or brave enough) to want to try their "Creations".... those plates would have been deterrent enough.  Gross.And last is the "Mexican" themed bar. "Carnitas" consisting of the same "Brisket" err... I mean "Flank Steak"... Yeah.  And Osso Bucco... except that it was all BONES and one teeensy sliver of the Osso Bucco meat. (To it's credit, the meat was tender.)  There was also dried Mexican rice.  And some other stuff.  Again, it didn't warrant me remembering what it was.Obviously we didn't eat much of what they had to offer.  But it was comped, so at least we'll get some coffee and desserts out of it...Ohhh, strike that. Coffee Machine Broken. Natch.Well.  So the desserts. Usually the desserts are the shining star of even a mediocre buffet. But I forgot:  This place can't even qualify as "Mediocre."  This place is downright BAD. With desserts to match.   The "Fresh Donuts" were... well... let's just say there was no deep-fryer in sight, and the "Fresh" donuts that *weren't* out for the grabbing were set on a 3-tiered plate, rotating under a HEAT LAMP.  Uh-Huh.The cupcakes LOOKED pretty, but also LOOKED plastic... and probably tasted the same. I wouldn't know.The Creme Brulee was caramelized on top.. sort of. I tried one... and the vanilla pudding beneath was... lacking. In flavor and texture.  I grabbed a Fruit Tart, too, and it had the same filling as the Brulee, but without the faux-caramelization.They had a Cotton Candy machine. It was neat to look at. That's about it.Their Ice Cream was Edy's... which is better than average as far as branded Ice Creams go, so the Man had some Dulce De Leche.The whole experience was pretty sad.  Seriously, if I'd PAID for this junk, there would have been screaming and demanding and threatening.  There are a Gabillion Buffets in Vegas.  Don't waste your time and money at this one.  For less than HALF the price, you can hop the tram to the Mirage, and have a HUGE Corned Beef Sandwich that'll feed you for 2 days.
1	This time around I got to try the pasta bar because this place was so dead, no lines anywhere I went.  The pasta was not good.  The chicken in it tasted like it was pre-made, then frozen, then thawed out again. Turkey was still pink.  However they do have a new coffee station and it's up and running.  Getting seated they write down how many people are in your party.  Even though the ticket said six the gal tried to sit us at a four person table.  They could remove a few tables so people could actually walk around in here.  Tiny plates and immobility are not two things a buffet needs.  Food is just not worth the 22 bucks.  Skip this place.
2	We had the T.I Brunch Buffet. IN MY STOMACH: Egg Benedict, Egg white Omelet, Tossed Salad, Sushi, Stir fried broccoli and veggies, Ice Cream Scoops, Hot Chocolate, Smoked SalmonIN MY MIND: First thought: this is what happens when we settle for convenience instead of quality. For the amount you pay for this meal, it's not worth it. I've been to the buffet in Mandalay Bay, Bellagio, Rio, Mirage, and residential buffets. All of them have better variety, better quality. Out of all the dishes I tried, the Egg benedict was okay, and the ice cream isn't bad (but how can you mess up with Dreyer's Ice cream?) Meh, Try something else.
4	three digit zeros plus time at the tables resulted us with seven comped buffet brunches. not the most known buffet on the strip, but definitely one of the better buck deals- that's if we had paid the lesser value.they have the usual selection here, however the quality and atmosphere add for a plus one. a little more updated but not overly huge to the point where the staff can't even manage. our two tables were serviced with ease during the fairly busy dining hour.dishes were surprisingly enjoyable and ingredients had balance so you wouldn't get sick of it quickly. generally at buffets i'd take one bite and move on quickly to next. however, i actually remember finishing my plates here.
3	It should be called the dessert buffet.I loved the chocolate covered strawberries, cotton candy, ice cream, frozen yogurt, fruit tarts, cakes, etc etc.Sweet Tooth be the death of me.  Everything else was standard.  Price $22 per person. Special Shout out to the wait staff, especially the guy from El Salvador!
3	Pretty standard LV buffet.  $26 seems a bit pricey but whatever.  I was digging into all-you-can-eat crab legs.  The crab legs and the lamb kabob would be the reasons to come back.  Dessert selection was decent as well.  I think I had two creme brulees.  If you foresee yourself going into a drunken rage later in the evening, you can fuel that by eating here first.
2	So similar to what another reviewer wrote - my group and I ate here solely because we purchased tickets at the TIX 4 TONIGHT booth and learned that you could get a discount on the buffet.  We were going to see Mystere that night, which is also at TI and figured we would cut the traveling time by eating dinner in the same casino.  That was a great idea, although I wasn't as impressed with the buffet as I wanted to be.First off, the line took quite awhile to get through before we even paid at the register.  Maybe that's common in LV, but it's not fun when you're hungry.The menu posted outside the restaurant had me salivating - everything sounded so good, and so many different items to choose from!  Could I really have beef with broccoli and pizza in the same meal?  Heaven.  But the reality fell short of the menu.  Yes, there were many stations to select from (pasta, sushi, pizza, chinese, soul food, etc) but just about everything lacked a "je ne sais quoi" that could have left me feeling more satisfied.  For example, I got a simple shrimp pomodoro, and it was tasteless.   How can that be?  With the garlic and basil that's supposed to be in it!The only thumbs up I can give is to the soul food station and the dessert station.  The pulled pork, mac and cheese and sweet potatoes were de-li-cious!  And the dessert station had so much to choose from, that I thought to myself "you should have skipped dinner and gone straight to dessert - besides, you are in LV on vacation!"  :)
5	This is by far my favorite buffet in Las Vegas..They have a smaller variety of food compared to other buffets that I have been to, but its still totally worth it!!! The dessert section is the best.. They have a wide variety of sweets. Ice cream, cotton candy, and even chocolate covered strawberries!! :D
4	Ok, so the food overall is pretty good.  But the dessert is what makes this buffet!!!They have a sushi station, Chinese food station (including noodle soup made to order), BBQ station, salad station, pizza station, pasta station, and dessert bar.There is a huge variety of desserts that would satisfy any sweet tooth - mini donuts, chocolate covered strawberries, fruit tarts, creme brulee, cupcakes, cookies, ice cream, eclairs, cakes, cotton candy, and more.I don't typically eat a lot at once, so buffet are usually wasted on me, except for this one.  I get my money's worth from the dessets.  Lunch buffet is about $16 during the weekdays, and you can add unlimited champagne for $3 more.
2	My friends and I tried three buffets on our last trip to Vegas. This was by far my least favorite. It was small compared to the others and the food was just mediocre. Their sushi was the best part of the buffet. I didn't like any of the meats or side dishes. The pasta station was all right. I'm sure kids like it because they have cotton candy. It was about $27.00 per person, which is cheaper than the other buffets, but I guess you pay for what you get, right?
2	For a $25 champagne brunch, I expected a lot more.  There were hardly any lunch dishes at 10 AM, just breakfast.  The fresh made omelets were good though.  As for the desserts, before 11 AM is definitely not worth it.  As others said, the wait staff was great.
3	came here expecting a standard buffet in Vegas, but was pleasantly surprised with the variety.  they have everything from sushi, BBQ, pastas, pizzas, Mexican, and more.  the dessert area was good too with the mini donuts, dryers ice cream, and cotton candy.  yes cotton candy!I'm not sure I this place gets too crowded, but on a sunday night it didn't seem like it.  if I wanted a good selection for a buffet I'd come back here, but still so many places to try in Vegas.
4	it's all about Sunday brunch mimosas, French toast, and a room full of desserts. This is my fave place to go in Vegas for breakfast type food. It is all tasty and reasonably priced compared to other Vegas buffets. I cannot wait to nurse my hangover at this place once again!
4	Service is spotty, some of the servers are nice, crazy woman at the salad bar was just rude. Pricey and not enough of a selection but what you get is decent quality. Don't go with a  large group, they charge you extra.
3	What's Vegas without a buffet? I guess that sentence could be different for everyone ("What's Vegas without a hooker? An Elvis impersonator? A midget on a motorcycle? A $4,000 hit to your bank account?") but as for me, I'll take the buffet.Dessert was the best part. We ran out the door with a giant bag stuffed with cookies and mini-donuts.Other than that it was just "eh."
1	We were waiting in line when these two rude couples asked us to move so they could shrink under the barrier that formed the line.  They were behind us the rest of the time and once we arrived at the cashier the lady jumped ahead of us.  I told the cashier gently and nicely that we were in fact in front of these couples and she rudely asked us what we wanted.  The cashier (an elder caucasian) women then said "wow, you must be really hungry".  My boyfriend nor I are even slightly overweight but her inclination is that we were either COWS or that we were SO RUDE to stand up for our much awaited position in the line.  When we were waiting for the hostess, the cashier actually apologized to the rude couples for our behavior!!!? What?  The night before we ate here as our dinner was included with show tickets and we were staying at the hotel and our drink order was never taken.  Eventually the manager came to us as I think he noticed and apologized profusely and proceeded to serve us throughout the rest of the meal which we thought was nice.  However, the food for lunch was the same and as mediocre as the dinner.  We felt somewhat duped after staying for two days in their "nicest" suit to then be treated like this.  Need I say more?
2	We had free dinner vouchers with the package that I booked online.My boyfriend and I both agreed we would have rather spent the $39.99/person to go feast at the ARIA buffet.Food was mediocre, most items didn't have much flavor. Not a huge variet of food either.
3	Went here with discount tix.....the ONLY way to dine at Vegas buffets in my opinion.....that way if you don't feel so bad for paying so much if you don't like it!  We all LOVED the crab legs...they were tasty & had plenty of melted butter & lemon.  Kids liked the pasta station, I liked the salad station....both made to order. The sweet potatoes were great!  Mexican food didn't look appealing....we didn't even try anything. The dessert station was good, not great....again kids LOVED the cotton candy, we all loved the chocolate covered strawberries.  Service was GREAT!  Our server was very attentive & sweet. Not a bad deal with the discount tix, I wouldn't pay full price.
3	I usually come here for brunch now, but when I came here for dinner, I came for the famous Chocolate Mousse Bomb. It was the best dessert ever!! Too bad they don't make it anymore - huge disappointment. :( Took away all reason to come for dinner.For breakfast, the chef makes several omelets at once and they're really good. There's an option to have it made of egg whites too, which I hear is healthier. You can also ask for sunny-side up. I usually like scrambled eggs, but the last time I came here, the scrambled eggs didn't even look like eggs and there wasn't much to rave about it. The mango smoothie near the salad is fresh and tasty. The muffins and donuts are really tiny - bite size - for breakfast, but when they switch over for lunch, the muffins are much bigger! Speaking of lunch, the beef tendon with noodles is good!This place used to be a 4 with its famous dessert, but now that it's gone, it's more of a 3 or 3.5.
3	This is probably more like a 2.5 star review...Growing up, our favorite buffet we always went to was the Buffet at Treasure Island. I haven't eaten there since I was a young child and I can definitely see how other hotels have beat out T.I. in popularity, but this place really did not meet my expectations. Our group of 3 girls got Dinner buffet "discount" tickets for $21 at the half off/tickets/shows/dinner booth. The selections at this buffet seem to be very limited and the food is pretty average. They do have crab legs, but they seem smaller and not as good, especially since we ate at the Rio Seafood Buffet the night earlier. Tip: You can bring a plateful of the crablegs to the Asian food area and they'll steam the crab legs for you!Other than that, very mediocre food. So mediocre I can only remember the little crab legs. I probably won't ever eat here again, although I did eat my $20 worth. Why not splurge a bit and go for the better buffets?
2	The buffet at Treasure Island was a huge disappointment.  I have had better food at Ponderosa back in the days.  I was excited to compare this buffet with the one at Main Street in Old Vegas (Downtown).  So I roll in and notice that it was a lot cleaner that is for sure.  But the taste of disappointment filled my mouth when I took my first bite.  There were two things that help salvage this place from getting a one star review.  The first was how good the service was.  Finally the dessert station was crazy good.  They had mini donuts, cookies, cakes, pies (excuse me I had to wipe the drool from my mouth), ice cream, and flippin cotton candy!  If you have bland taste buds then this place is for you.  Otherwise, I'd recommend you go elsewhere to satisfy your hunger!!
3	very nice place. but i have to say the food was not too great. if you want a good buffet eat at the rio. the lunch buffet here was gross. good sushi though.
4	Got here 5 minutes before lunch started so they only charged us for breakfast but we got to stay for lunch. Yay! Not much of a selction for a Vegas strip buffet but for the price i'm not complaing. Food is good enough. Only gripe is that the restroom is located out of the buffet. Other than that I was satisfied here.
1	Nothing was good. Very disappointing. Didnt like anything I tried.
1	BLEH! Expensive, over-cooked, not great ethnic variety. Yuck. Pick a different Vegas buffet - Try Aria or Rio. You'll be glad you did.
4	Great value. Good food. Love the pasta station. Not quite a wynn or bellagio style buffet but its also much cheaper and its a great deal.
3	this is a small buffet.for lunch we had a 2 for 1 deal for $20.it was totally worth it in that case.they have limited selection of food and its definitely not as good as the buffets at the nice hotels.they have cotton candy.
1	I'd give 0 star if I could... The only reason I considered this buffet was because I was supposed to receive a complimentary 2-for-1 dinner voucher for the buffet with our hotel reservation.  Upon check in, we did not receive any of our coupons or promotions, or even reminded of any. When we arrived at the buffet, we realized that we were supposed to receive a coupon. I spoke with the Manager of the buffet to see if he would allow us, all they had to do was just receive confirmation through telephone by calling the lobby.  The manager did not even seem to be the least bit interested in even talking to us. Sure enough, he did not even hesitate to tell us "No, I'm the manager of the buffet, I'm not in charge of coupons.. go to the front desk." So he wanted us to go walk back to the lobby of the casino just to get some coupons that he should be able to validate with a simple phone call? "Yes..". To make this short.. not worth getting into specifics.. we had received a dinner coupon voucher (needed lunch coupon voucher) at the lobby front desk. We figured its about 15 minutes until dinner (it was 3:45, dinner starts at 4), even that incompetent manager shouldn't have a problem with this. Just let us pay for the dinner price, which was in 15 minutes, DURING lunch. WRONG! When the manager returned, (looked like he didn't want to talk to us) we told him our situation again. Before I finished a sentence the manager said.. "We don't do this normally, but I don't want to deal with this anymore... since the front desk can't get it right go in.. I'll just wait until dinner time to charge you." Never again.. This is NOT a reflection of the hotel room or the servers at the buffet.I just wish that the MANAGER would have given us better service than what we received, which was close to nothing.
3	I am sure you can get better food for this price, i came because as a guest in the hotel you get two for one, the ribs were dry, the pasta mediocre and the rest was just fine
3	Got 2 for 1 deal cuz we stayed here. $20 for 2 people for lunch. If not for this deal it would be 2 stars. So, not bad for $10pp for buffet lunch. $20pp is pushing it and I wouldn't return.  Not a fan of buffet in general. Only + is you get to try a little of everything. Good service.Food is hit or miss.Pros:BBQ beans were awesomeMade to order pastawhite choc macdamia cookiesKona coffee ice creamcheese cakemeat loafCons:Any chinese item - blah, overcooked fried wontons and orange chickenmade to order salad, didn't look appetizing and I was right after eating itcorn bread - dryAvg:Mexican - tamales, carnitas, mac and cheeserotissere chickenribs
3	I ate here because I had the 2 for 1 dinner coupon. The food is pretty good but the selection was very limited. For $25 per person is too much. I ate at Spice Buffet at Planet Hollywood and that was $27 per person and there was a lot of selection. So for $2 more I rather go to Planet Hollywood.
1	The only things I enjoyed were customized pasta, mashed potatoes with gravy and the dessert here, otherwise everything else was mediocre or really bad. Sushi was a let down, the roast beef was dry and lacked flavor, the mac and cheese was a funky cheesy, the salad was lacking something I couldn't exactly put my finger on, and the mexican food was beyond horrible.For 30 bucks per person, the selection was limited and the seating was pretty crowded. I got hit on by some creep during my meal, so for sure I wouldn't want to come back here.
3	I should start by saying I'm not a big buffet fan, and the only reason I went here was because we got a 2 for 1 deal at check.That said, with that the food at the buffet is all pretty good and replaced after a set amount of time even if it was all eaten, which means you consistently get fairly fresh food.  I ate their pho soup which tasted just as good as the soup at their viatnamese diner, and also had some of their BBQ.  Everything was good, but not great, and was really only worth it for the 2 for 1 deal.  The dessert was actually pretty awesome and the chocolate dipped macaroons were incredible.Go here if you have the 2 for 1 deal and want a decent selection of OK food while in Vegas as it will boil down to roughly 10 bucks a person.  Other wise stay away as the total won't be worth it.Finally, I had a huge problem with our waitress who was good, but made a snippy comment about me being cheap after I tipped her 5 bucks on a ticket of $24. Considering it's a buffet, we serve ourself, and she only refills drinks and busses tables, 20% was a good tip. You would figure in Las Vegas in this economy they we be thrilled to have a job and be getting 20%.
2	As much as I adore TI as a hotel, the buffet doesn't leave much of an impression on me. Maybe because I've waited too long to finally review the place, but I digress. The sushi selection was okay, but the rolls themselves were a bit dry. Their eggs benedict was average. I could actually whip out a better batch in my own home. I guess I'm spoiled, seeing as I've dined at the likes of Wynn and M Resort. Their buffets have no contest with TI's.
4	Stop  complaining! It's not the economy, stupid, it's just a buffet. I've been going to Vegas for many decades, back to the old 7-11 buffets and carveries. This is a fine buffet with an around the world variety. I went for breakfast, ate everything with high calories and fat and left happy!! Why not, it's the Vegas buffet! Really, it's fine. But don't expect miracles. You want fancy-schmancy, walk across the street to the Palazzo, Venetian, or Wynn.
5	This is probably one of my favorite buffets. Not as expensive as some, or as large, but the food has always been good. They don't have the largest dessert selection, but what they do have is awesome. I really appreciate being spared the great looking desserts that have no flavor. You know the kind; you take one bite and leave the rest for the busboy. The pizza is great. Their mac & cheese is real. The made to order salads are great. It may be priced less, but this place is every bit as good as Bellagio, Paris and Planet Hollywood. No seafood, but that's ok.
3	This rating is purely for MORNING BUFFET!!!I would definately come back.  I very much enjoyed their morning food.  I think it was 15 dollars for the morning buffet.  They had some sushi, chinese, italian, and of course american food as well.  Would definately come back for their morning buffet.  I'm not sure about the lunch or dinner ones since I haven't tried any.
4	Very impressive Champagne Brunch Buffet. You can get a discount if you buy your reservation from Tix for Tonight in advance. The buffet itself is identical to the Bellagio brunch buffet but about ten bucks cheaper. The service is decent. The mimosas could arrive a little quicker. Try the dessert table....it's ridiculous. Pie, freshly baked donuts and chocolate covered strawberries. Yum. If you're in Vegas, there's no better bang for your buck champagne brunch.
2	i'm only giving them 2 stars bc my meal was free (some promo ti had where they gave 2 free vouchers for each night you stayed there)the dessert for dinner was VERY disappointing. cotton candy was crunchy, strawberry covered chocolate was disgustingly room temperature, and the eclair was bleh. the food their was like .. dorm life all over again but with fancier food but the same quality as college. definitely not $30 worth per person
3	When you're handing me a voucher for 2 for 1 buffet, chances are there may be a chance that I'll try it - maybe.  We were here for the lunch buffet and I think they had just prepared the lunch menu because everything was fresh - even the sushi.  I wouldn't pick on the ones that have been sitting there that could be a disaster on your tummy.  I had the BBQ pork ribs and picked out the softest piece I could find - that was good, mac and cheese was not too rich, but creamy and tasty. The meatloaf was okay, but i wouldn't waste the calories on it.  The penne pesto was too oily that was prepared at the pasta station. Stuffing tastes exactly like it was made out of a box - I could have made that at home...wait, I have. Har gow was not bad, but I think they shrimp was chopped.  Tamale was okay similar to store bought in plastic bag.My favorite is the Wycliff champagne, the full size moist red velvet cupcake, mini donuts, creme brulee - okay desserts were good, including the cotton candy.  The $14.95 price tag (+$3/pp for champagne) could be less, but what am i complaining about it was 2 for 1.  Don't get me wrong the restaurant is clean, modern and the food is okay and edible.  Why not take advantage of the vouchers when you stay?
3	It pays to give yourself at least an hour to eat at a buffet as I learned with the Treasure Island buffet. I got a plate full of food and it was hit or miss with everything. The corned beef hash was delicious, the cheese blintz was yuck, the ham was great (but how often can you go wrong on that!) So overall the food was ok, but we had good service on our drink orders. Next time I'm in Vegas I may explore some other breakfast buffets.
4	For the most part, I have enjoyed eating at this buffet for lunch.There is a variety of sushi that is fresh for the most part. The salads and pastas are made under your order, and are very tasty as well. I also liked the assortment of the Asian food and the Southern barbeque. However, in my opinion, the dessert is best part; with many ice cream flavors, cupcakes, eclairs, different cakes, mini donuts and cookies, you definitely will have a good time if you're a dessert person.
3	Call me spoiled because I've eaten at more expensive buffets at other casinos, but this buffet is just not that good. Cheaper, yes. However, is it better than some buffets at home? Not by a long shot.Our table had a lot of leftover sushi for the waiter to take away. Go figure.Prime rib tasted more like flank steak. All the other pre-made foods were either cold or hardened. On a bright note, dishes that were prepared in front of you were pretty delish. The pasta station makes a nice fettucini alfredo, lobster ravioli, or pesto tortellini with sundried tomatos. Or the salad bar tosses out a decent looking/tasting salad. Or the soup bar mixes together a decent-for-buffet pho or wonton soup.On an even brighter note, their dessert bar is AWESOME. I spent 50% of my time on this bar. Chocolate covered strawberries, cakes, ice creams, puddings, and cupcakes come standard. They ALSO have eclairs, FRUIT CUPS, COTTON CANDY, and MINI DONUTSSSSSSSSS (with chocolate glaze, maple glaze, brown sugar coated, powered, plain... you get the point). Note the capitalization and excessive spelling errors above for emphasis on what I personally liked.
3	So the 2 for 1 deal for dining at TI buffet was pointless, since the front desk told me it is valid after 11am. It was 9am and I wanted to eat before I head on out to the airport. $15 a person wasn't so bad coming from a buffet that I thought it was average. Average price, average quality for TI buffet. I noticed how it looked nice and clean inside for an average buffet. Right when we were seated, our server served us our drinks and he was occupied somewhere else without checking up on us. There was fresh made omelette and side dishes on the side near by (french toast, pancakes, sausages, hash brown). The omelette was good, but not as much as I enjoyed at the Lago Buffet at Caesar's Palace. I remember the french toast was very plain in taste. The parfait was really good (plain yogurt at the based topped with cantaloupe and melon and granola bits). There was also a small sushi section, but I thought most sushi from buffets tastes similar to each other. There were also a pastry section with mini donuts! As I was getting full, I just had to get at least one mini donut. It was just so cute in its size, but perfect and good for me to end my meal! This is a place that I would consider average, but I disagree how others think it's so horrible when it's not that bad.
1	The line wasn't long at all and their service was decent. But when it comes down to what you're actually there for...zeroes across the board. Everything was mediocre. The food was either overcooked, undercooked, or flavorless. I ordered a Arnold Palmer and it tasted like lemon water. I pretty much had to add tea bags to the drink. Even their ice was warm! haha. Just kidding. The only thing I looked forward to was the cotton candy. Try to avoid this place as much as possible.
5	Do I have to elaborate when I say, "OM NOM NOM!"? Ok, fine.Well, this place just has about everything. Asian, desserts, pasta, etc. Anything you're commonly in the mood for you should be in luck. The price is much cheaper than most buffets in the area and you get quality food. The sushi was awesome, the made-to-order pasta was deelish, and I had to go back for seconds at the dessert table. What buffet has candy candy? This one! The staff behind each counter was very nice in explaining certain foods and the ingredients if you asked, which was very helpful in choosing what I might like. Ugh, now I'm hungry.
4	Good food and hella good desserts.  Its better than most buffets out there in vegas.  better than ceasers palace buffet/
3	I'm spoiled and have eaten at more expensive buffets than this place.  The buffet was small and there weren't a lot of selections.  The quality of food was okay, but I felt that they could've been better.The price paid, I thought, reflected the amount and quality of food available.  There were stations for Asian, Mexican, American, and dessert food.  I didn't feel wowed by the variety of food because it was the type of food you could find and eat anywhere else.  It wasn't a place I would never go back to again, it was just okay.  I would go back if I had no other choice lol.
1	LET'S BE TRUTHFUL... Last week I decided to treat my wife to an evening of pretending to be a tourist on the Strip. I booked a room at the TI and after check-in, took my hungry bride to the buffet to graze on a strip buffet offering. I stepped up enthusiastically feeling fortunate there was no line and paid the $23 per person to get in. As we walked through the dining area I noticed about 18 diners in the restaurant (odd for a 7:30pm dinner I thought) who were not really eating much. Must be a convention of health nuts as most plates were fruit and snacks... no real food. We arrived to the line and my wife looked at me and said... "Is it just me, or does this entire place look tired?" I thought to myself and replied, "Sweetie, I don't understand why all the hot food has a dried skin on top, the cold food is shriveled, and the employees are all frowning... but that doesn't effect how much fun we'll have tonight, right? After seeing her expression, I immediately stated that we were leaving and requested a refund from the overly understanding lady at the register. Notwithstanding the terrible looking food, the strain on the faces of the line cooks resembling a Hollywood production of someone pointing a gun in their backs to work there or else... I found the saddest part to be how unfazed and prepared the smiling lady at the register was when I asked for a refund. We left, walked across the street to the Palazzo and enjoyed a great Italian dinner. PERSONAL NOTE TO PHIL RUFFIN, OWNER OF THE TII was born and raised in Las Vegas, and this was my first experience staying in a strip hotel/casino. I'm proud of our city and welcome every visitor with open arms to enjoy all the entertainment and great dining Las Vegas has to offer. This buffet, the air quality in the casino, the poor cleanliness of the room, (our room had burnt out light bulbs, yuck on the dresser, broken dresser drawer hanging out, and empty alcohol bottles under the bed and chair) and the lack of smiles on the employees faces is not what I envisioned any tourist should experience. When this property opened it was fantastic, enjoyable, and affordable, and most important the air was breathable. When we arrived in our room, my wife had to do a breathing treatment because the horrible air inflamed her Asthma. Perhaps you'll take these recommendations to heart?If you have a similar experience at this or any other Las Vegas property, please write a truthful review so the hotel owners get the message and step up their game. I would be happy to stay at the TI again and perhaps encounter an experience deserving of a glowing review, which I would be proud to post. Until then...
4	$17.95 for lunch buffet. When we checked into the hotel they gave us a coupon for 2 for 1 lunch buffet! YES!!Not too shabby! The cheap buffets are usually the good ones huh? Or maybe I just appreciate it more because it was cheaper! I love the soup area! There were miso, wonton (3 pcs), shrimp with egg noodles, and even pho with 3 pieces of beef balls! The kind gentleman made my soup in less than 5 minutes! It came out piping hot! There were even fresh basil, green onion, cilantro, yellow onion, and lime! I ordered the pho & wonton. Wonton - 3 stars; it tasted like frozen wontons you get at the market. Pho - 4 stars; tasted decent, it tasted like it could have been "instant pho"They had a salad station! 5 stars. The gentleman that was making the salad was not wearing gloves! It disgusted me! I really wanted a salad too! But as i worked my way down the area, there was another person making salad! She wore gloves and also had a mixing bowl where she was able to mix the veggies & dressing in! Whereas the dude smashing the veggies down with the palm of his hands and pouring the dressing over and calling it a day! The sushi station was just sad! It didn't look fresh - 2 stars.Chinese food area, I can't say much about since I didn't even make it to this area! Which is probably a good thing. The BBQ station - 4 stars. BBQ ribs were too salty. Loved the biscuits & gravy, cornbread, pulled pork and chicken fried steak! Desserts - 4 stars. The dessert station was on the other side of the restaurant. Weird. For a moment i really thought the only desserts they had were fruits! Luckily i walked around! There were tiny donuts! - maple with sprinkles, chocolate, powered, etc. made fresh and was very good! Also about 5 different flavors of ice cream; red velvet, chocolate, vanilla cupcakes; strawberry cheesecakes, cookies of all sorts - i was in heaven! I love desserts! Overall, 4 stars.
1	Terrible.This was horrific. I ate here because I was traveling with my boss while attending a conference in Vegas.  Let's just say she has an under-developed palette, Chinese food = orange chicken and Mexican food = cheese enchiladas.  We stayed at TI and one evening after a long day of workshops and speeches, we wanted to just get something to eat downstairs at our hotel. We wandered around surveying our options. Unfortunately, we landed here because the boss was afraid to commit to any one particular genre of food and because she was afraid of not liking her food. Since she holds the company credit, we ate here.It was gross. See Greg O.'s review for a good description of what the food and atmosphere are like. He is spot on - tired and shriveled up are the words to best describe this place.I don't go to Vegas often, but I've been enough to know that the only buffets here worth going to are the pricey ones. I knew by the lack of a line and the $23/person price for dinner that this was going to be bad. And it was.Anyways, complete waste of time and food. Complete obligatory food and empty calories. Didn't look good. Didn't taste good.Pros: offerings from allover the globe, no line, low price-point, friendly manager, dessert wasn't terrible.Cons: food has clearly been sitting out for longer than it should, the food, bussers were a bit slow to pick up our dishes.Definitely not going back.
1	While inexpensive this was the ABSOLUTE WORST buffet I have been to in Las Vegas. The variety was there but there wasn't much flavor to any of the dishes. The service wasn't great and about 20 minutes after leaving the buffet it was clear that something didn't agree with my stomach because I immediately ran to the bathroom and got sick. I will definitely not be returning to this buffet.
3	I'm actually here now, I read other peoples reviews and they were mixed, and for good reason. This place is really right in the middle of being good and just plain bad. Its edible, but is it worth the money you spend 25$ with tax. Nope it sure isn't. Try the deli, or Mexican place Isla its good and less expensive. Update: I'm changing to 3 stars because the dessert section of the buffet is pretty impressive and they have creme brulee.
3	Ok, it was just OK, our buffet was $22.95 or $23.95 during the week and it was more when I went on Sunday. Bothe days I ate there it was good, just good. Decent variety, but just not quite a 4 star. The Permill in Reno has a 4 star buffett.
3	The buffet at Ti may not be as elaborate as those at other hotels, but from what I saw during my visit, the food did not in any way lack in flavor. I went during lunch on a weekday, the place was packed, this may have had something to do with the fact that the hotel was giving 2 for 1 coupons to their guests. I tried the salad station, and had the spinach salad, and a bit of veggies and a piece of turkey from the other stations. The salad was good, all fresh ingredients and not too salty. No other major complaints for anything else that I tried. There are about 4-5 other stations, including a pasta station, Mexican food, southern station, sushi/Asian food station and a soup station. I get that most people who go to a Vegas buffet expect to gorge themselves to the point of losing consciousness, and if you're one of those folks, then this may not be the place for you. If you're staying at TI and want a quick meal, then I would recommend this place. The TI buffet also has a dessert station, and after having cut down on the carbs for the last few months, I was overtaken by a spirit beyond my control, and decided to try the miniature cinammon/sugar donuts.  These donuts are the business, seriously, I had at least 4 and would have had another dozen had my dining companions not forcefully removed me from this place. Overall, I was a satisfied customer.
2	I was pretty disappointed in the buffet at TI.  I wasn't expecting gourmet, but I was definitely expecting better than I received.  Just like any other Vegas buffet, there was a line but it wasn't too long (maybe that should have been a clue..).  The place is nicely laid out and there was plenty of seating (another sign).When I go to a buffet, I just don't start grabbing food.  I like to cruise the entire buffet to see what my choices are so then I know how to handle portion control.  And I never start eating without checking out the dessert section so I know how much room to save.  Needless to say, I was disappointed in the dessert options so that almost immediately ruined the whole buffet for me.  Luckily I wasn't paying so that managed to keep me open minded enough to eat.  The food should at least look freshly prepared but much of what I saw looked like it sat under the heat lamps for most of the night, and it wasn't even that late yet.It'll fill you up and the price isn't ridiculous, but I prefer the buffet at Bellagio.  Unless someone else is paying, I probably won't return.
3	We only ate breakfast in here but the buffet had a great selection of food, especially enjoyed by our two children who are 7 and 5.  The restaurant was clean and comfortable and waiting staff friendly and helpful.  This buffet is nothing special but is reasonably priced and pleasant enough for breakfast. They do a special deal of as much champagne as you like for $4 during breakfast, Monday to Friday's only.
3	I think this buffet is very solid and better than I think people expect. A fairly good selection of food and it is pretty good. But the deserts really put this higher than your average buffets. Cotton Candy, Chocolate covered strawberries and a lot of other really good eats.
3	Hahaha we stayed at TI and got a buy one get one free to the buffet. I think that's what made the deal for us. It was a decent place, lots of food but more on the American comfort style rather than a large variety of different flavors.Highlights included the lobster ravioli made to order (YUM!) and the dessert array. Biggest downside - the crabs were not pre-sliced for our eating pleasure. I guess I got spoiled at other places where it came ready to eat.
2	Baaaah.  We came at dinner time.  I'm not sure how long prior dinner had started, but the food seemed like it had been out there for awhile.  I'm really into having my food fresh, and I felt like I was eating food that had been sitting under the heating lamps for a few hours.  I've also had other buffets in Las Vegas, with MANY, MANY, MANY more choices of food.  Their selection was small, compared to Vegas standards.  I can say that we had a very friendly and attentive waitress serving us beverages.  I can say the creme brulee was yummy :)
3	Second buffet stop in my 5 day stay.The highlight of the restaurant had to be the fire alarm that rang out in the middle of our lunch. Heh, dunno what happened there.All that aside, the food itself was below average to average. Probably the only thing I liked was the Har Gow. The dessert was loathful; leaving it out in the open for what seemed like for hours (the colours look way off). I didn't bother touching it, as who knows what kind of bacteria has grown in those things...
3	Perfectly average. The food is average, the service is average and the atmosphere is average. You can generally get a good deal on this buffet by going to the half price tickets counter and getting a coupon to lower the cost. That is the only way that this buffet is worth the money. It is hard to comment on a buffet that is so average.
4	Great service and extremely friendly waitress. I came here with my wife during lunch hours and we both were equally impressed with the quality of the food and cleanliness of the buffet. the chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes were my 2 favorites and i couldn't help but go back up and dig in for more. The american comfort food section gets 4 stars in my opinion , would give it 5 but its missing all of the veggies... No green beans,corn,broccoli etc... Pretty odd to skip out on that but my wife was more bummed out than myself.... I was cool with eating meats and potatoes. I didn't attempt the asian stuff and the pizza bar was sub-par it all look dried out and whats up with fruit on top of pizza ? Maybe its just not my style. the dessert section was above average. The fresh baked donuts,caramel apple cupcake and parfait(wife's fav) were all very tasty and worth mentioning. lastly the cotton candy was a pretty cool a tasty gimmick ;)
3	I was here for two breakfasts and one lunch. Both were okay and some of the selections tasted better than others. That could be said about any restaurant or buffet, of course.The Eggs Benedict was pretty good if you got a piece with a thick slice of ham on it. I liked the scrambled eggs, which weren't overcooked. The desserts were delicious. Nothing like a strawberry shortcake parfait for breakfast! Remember to go toward the dessert area for cold cereals and fresh fruit. This was much more cost effective than The Coffee Shop restaurant also located inside Treasure Island. I would come to this buffet again if I stayed at Treasure Island agani.
2	The first time I experienced this buffet was in 2009... and probably then I would have given it 3-4 stars.. but now.. something happened.. and it's not as yummy..I felt like the quality of the place has kind of gone downhill from my previous experience.The foods were typical buffet foods.. the desserts were typical buffet desserts... nothing that really makes it stand out.. nothing that really tastes great enough for me to keep coming back..At least it was clean..
2	Not a very good buffet. Eggs were bland, eggs bendict reminded me of a mcdonalds egg mcmuffin, sushi had no flavor either. Only good things I found were the cheese blintzes, the omelette bar was really good as well and the only good eggs I had. Most of the deserts were pretty poor quality, the only good thing was the pudding. Overall not worth the price. Drink service was good at first but then they switched waitresses and I didn't get a refill once they switched. Maybe lunch or dinner is better...I would hope.
4	I can only speak for breakfast:  mini donuts made it all worth while. I ate my $25 worth in those alone. All items on the bakery side were delicious. The best yogurt parfait Kim and I have ever had. Go to breakfast for the bakery and omelet bar.
5	This is by far my favorite buffet in Las Vegas. Every time I go to Vegas, I make sure I eat here. The food is EXCELLENT! I love the made to order pasta. It is just absolutely amazing, you can pick your sauce(red, white, pesto), the type of pasta, and if you want shrimp, chicken, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes, etc... The sushi is great, not the best, but its ok. They have made to order salads, and made to order soups. The salads are fully customizable, but the soups are more set and just picked, but it is made fresh, in front of you. The service is pretty good, but it really depends on who you get as your server. Now, for the best part, the dessert, just absolutely AMAZING. The eclairs are to die for. They have cottan candy, cookies, gelato, fresh fruit pastries, and other cakes. EVERYTHING is made in house. Not like those buffets where you can tell the dessert was bought and stuffed on a tray. Once again, I love the eclairs, and the coffee gelato. You will not regret coming here, I guarantee it. It is just amazing, one of the best buffets in Las Vegas. And the price is not even expensive, I think it's like 18 for lunch and 30 for dinner.
4	For $23 or so you get all you get an all you can eat buffet. After a night of heavy drinking this is EXACTLY what you need. You can get omelettes, pancakes, eggs, bacon and just about anything you may need to recover. I loved the mango smoothies and desserts that they have. I loved their donuts in particular. They come out fresh every couple of minutes.
2	We ate lunch there twice during our stay ... both times were just so-so.  I've read some of the previous reviews, and don't know what "variety" some of you are referring to.  I am not a picky eater but could only find a few items to eat.  My husband and I also received the 2 for 1 offer for the buffet.  Yes, it was cheaper than going to some of the other buffets but I really don't think it was worth the savings.  They had no seafood whatsoever during the week (for lunch or dinner ... we went in late for lunch and hung out for dinner).  The best thing about the place was their fresh salad bar where they make the salad any way you like.  The desserts were awful ... minus the homeade powdered donuts which were excellent.  Would I come back again?  No way.  We went to the buffet in Harrah's and spent less than what we did at the buffet in TI (with a 2 for 1 coupon) and it was delicious.  If you wait around until it's lunch time they will serve prime rib, peel and eat shrimp, ham, etc.
2	Came here for lunch and What a Disappointment!! I didn't expect much from this buffet, but damn... They really dropped the ball on this place. It's cheaper than most buffets in Vegas, but the food was WAY CHEAPER. Pastas: Bland. I make better pasta at home with Prego in 10 min or less.Sushi: Didn't taste freshAmerican:  1) Mac n Cheese was dry2) Prime Rib tasted like a bootleg flatiron steak,3) I almost lost a tooth trying to rip off the meat from a pork rib.Chinese:1) Eggdrop soup was pretty good.2) Chicken was overly saucy3) Fried rice - cardboard like textureDessert:1) Donuts were DELICIOUS - glazed, plain, and powdered.2) Chocolate-covered strawberries YUMMMMService: The workers seem soo unenthusiastic. Took them FOREVER just to walk a few feet to pour some soup for me.Overall:Food sucked. Dessert was awesome, but it wasn't enough to salvage my lunch.  Dessert was the only reason why I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1. Tip: Dont eat based on convenience in Vegas, make a little effort and it'll make a world of different in your dining experience
4	Average defines this buffet well. The food choices were pretty limited. Average is usually three stars, but I give this place four because of their dessert bar. They had delicious mini donuts. Also, their ice cream is exceptional. But the best part... cotton candy!
2	For anywhere, USA, a fine buffet. For Las Vegas, I've experienced better. It is only $18 per person, which is about 25-50% less than other buffets. But the food selection is not as expensive or as good tasting as other buffets in the area.We went for lunch. I did like the hummus and the egg drop soup. I would suggest forgoing the gnocchi pasta.The dessert area was the best part because we got unlimited cotton candy, which was awesome. The pastry chef was real nice too.
1	The food was awful. I even found a bug crawling on my dessert couldn't eat after that!! The place was tiny if you like being cramped and eating gross food then this is your place.
3	I guess I am not as picky as others on here.  I don't eat a ton at buffets so I think they are a waste.  This place has pizzasaldachinesemade to order pasta a great desert bar ( no soft serve lol :( ) some of the items could taste better or have more flavor, but this is why you can just go get different food, if you spent 20$ on a plate and were stuck with it then I can see bitching.    This was my 2nd and 3rd time there in 2 years, my son liked it so much the other night we went for breakfast 2 days later before we left Vegas.  Breakfast starts to pick up around 9:30, we got there at 9am to beat the rush.
3	This buffet is not as bad as most people described on Yelp. They have decent selection of food. At least they have some pretty tasty pasta freshly made by the chef at the stand. You can choose any sauce, protein, vegetables, types of pasta you like. The rest of the food was okay, nothing special. But they do make noodles in soup for you like Pho. It actually tasted not bad. Sushi was not bad, at least they had some salmon/tuna nigiri sushi available. The desserts were awesome! Loved the creme brulee, NY cheesecake, chocolate-covered strawberries, red valet cupcake. Everything was delicious. Wish I had more room for desserts! Overall the buffet was okay and service was average.  Plates were not taken away in a timely manner and the staff never came check on refilling our drinks. Hence, I probably won't go back again if this is not part of the Mystere deal.
1	This place was gross. We went this morning--- there was no line and the food just looked old. Our waitress was very slow for it not being busy at all. The meat was overcooked and the eggs were just weird. It's only $25 for Sunday brunch, but after eating nothing but sausage and bacon and shampoo tasting hash browns- I would've preferred to go to a nice restaurant. I didn't even see desserts. The sushi REAKED like fish. Never again.
4	You can make pho at this buffet. That's the first time I've seen that at a buffet. Their crab legs..are amazing too! Great service and great selection of food.
3	they have assorted nigiri sushi (tuna/salmon/shrimp/sea urchin+) rather than rolls like other buffets which was good! the made-to-order lobster ravioli was great! other dishes were just okay... i hate that they didn't slice open/pre-crack the crab legs  so you had to do it by yourself which was a lot of work and they were attached (have to get 3 legs at once)
3	2.5-3 starsOn our last day, we decided to try out The Buffet. Being guests at the hotel, you receive a 2-for-1 coupon Monday-Friday for the buffet. With the coupon, we paid $20 for two people however without the coupon, it's $18-20 per person for breakfast or lunch.For being a buffet in Vegas, in a major hotel/resort, I was expecting so much more. Yes, they had a pretty good selection of foods, from American to International, but I feel like they didn't go the extra mile like other buffets would.The boy and I were immediately drawn to the BBQ station, we had:-Pulled Pork-Cornbread-Biscuits-Mashed Potatoes-Macaroni & Cheese-BBQ ChickenOur favorites were the pulled pork, BBQ chicken, mashed potatoes, and the cornbread. Both the pulled pork and chicken had great sauces and were both sweet and spicy. The mashed potatoes were good, really fluffy. Cornbread was sweet and moist, I was so happy that it wasn't dry! The macaroni & cheese wasn't that great to me, maybe it was the type of cheese that was used, but it came across as more of macaroni in a cheese sauce than a more traditional macaroni & cheese. Overall, I think this is a great option if you are staying at Treasure Island, especially during the week so you can use the coupon. However, with more high-end buffets on The Strip and with the other delicious options in the hotel itself, this just wasn't too memorable.
2	1 star because the buffets were free/comps. The dinner last Sunday was awful. Sushi under a heat lamp was a ill concieved idea. The prime rib was marginal. Tiny peel n eat shrimp and snow crab (not cut in half) were not even worth the time or effort. Really bad quality all around.The breakfast was ok. Good scrambled eggs, hash browns, toast and linguisa. The hash with beef peppers and onions was very good actually. Wtf was up with having sushi available at breakfast and under the heat lamp again i have no idea.
1	How should I say this. I guess this one would be an exception. This time I'm not writing this place for review, but rather as a warning. Please stay away from this buffet place. The food quality and the taste was, hm.. Let see, I thought there wouldn't be any buffet that could be worst than chinese buffet or, Circus circus buffet. Apparently this one is. So, if you are planning to have a meal here, avoided it at all cost.
4	Went here before we hit the road back to L.A $25 a person during lunch hours. The food was..good. Not the best buffet in the world, but it was enjoyable! Their cheesy potatoes were my faaavorite. It had this certain flavor to it that was really good. Had different international foods..not such a big selection, but yknow, pretty good. What ruined my meal were these 3 Hispanic girls cackling non-stop behind me. Er.
2	This place is not very good.You get a 2for1 if you stay at TI which is all that it's worth, if that.  The food is cold and the only "fresh" thing I could see was the pasta made in front of you with choices of sauces/pasta.And the poor staff are not happy.Our guy never cracked a smile even when we try to make a little small talk.At least we didn't have to walk far to be disappointed.Oh wait, they did have fresh fruit (kinda sorta) so that was good if you like melons and pineapple.
3	Still not bad, the breakfast bar lacked this time, dinner was great.  Went 2x while there, group of 9 the first night and 8 for breakfast, they tried to bust our balls and add 18% grat on a buffett when all they do is bring us one drink???  Be real, at 24$ a person you are not going to get 18% on a group.  Then we say fine seat us at two tables right next to eachother, they did which was cool but did it with a wall in between us.  Strawberry short cake was sweet!!!!  Cotton candy sucks, but fun to play with.  Pizza is good, ribs are good, chinese was also good, but it's time to update it a little folks. D
4	We spent a week in Vegas and tried a different buffet each day.We enjoyed this buffet quite a bit. The food was really good and high quality, except for the prime rib which was all very well done - pity.My husbands favorite part was the pasta bar. You choose your pasta and your sauce and they mix it all there in front of you in the little pan (with any veggies that are part of it, if any) so it is freshly put together and very tasty. He went back 3 times for different combinations and they were all good.  They also had a salad bar where a cook puts it together for you. I was odd that you didn't do this yourself, but it had great stuff such as fresh avocado, real bacon, several fancy cheeses, etc.The sushi was better most of the other buffets we went to. There were crab legs and shrimp. They were good, but I was bummed that the crab legs were not already cut, you had to break them open yourself.The desserts were the best that I had at any of the buffets. We had done the 24 hour buffet of buffets previously (a good deal) and discovered that all of the Harrah's buffets had the same mediocre desserts at each.  But here they had REALLY good creme brulee, tarts, fresh made little donuts, and good ice cream. They also had the cotton candy that was popular with most of the buffets now (except I didn't have to beg for it like some of the other buffets).In summary, other buffets did have more variety, but we like good quality. So it depends on your goal. If we had the kids with us, they would probably like a different buffet better. We would return to this one next time we are in town.
3	We ate here because we had a free voucher. And I am glad I didn't have to pay the 25$ a person (Friday night). It was very basic food not bad but not overly special. The one thing I liked was the pasta bar, it looked a little messy but it was very tasty. The pasta portion was big and I felt bad but I only ate 1/2 since I wanted to try other things.
3	The best way to describe this buffet is average, not awful but it doesn't really stand out either.They have a sushi station, an Asian station, a salad/fruit station, a pasta/pizza station, a burgers/dogs station, and a dessert station. I had the lo mein and eggrolls which were okay and about what you'd expect. The BBQ ribs were surprisingly good and were the main thing I ate. They weren't too fatty or tough. The pulled pork was also pretty good and had a tangy mustard style sauce with it. The salad/fruit station was the usual, but had a German potato salad with no mayo which is good for those of us who hate mayo. The burgers at the burger station looked to be the cheap frozen patties and were sitting in some sort of sauce or something so I passed on those. The dessert station was impressive and had apple caramel cup cakes, fresh made mini-donuts, mini peach and cherry pies, and cheesecake among other things.Overall, this isn't the best buffet in Vegas but it isn't terrible either. It's not the Bellagio and it's nothing to write home about but it's not a bad option if you are in the area want a decent lunch (especially with the Tix 4 Tonight  or other discount passes).
1	Only thing that was good was the salad section...Customize your own salad and they will make it for you! Except that there was only one person working so there would be a long and pointless line up....Sushi section: Way too much rice and the fish didn't look fresh. The little sides of bean sprouts and kimchi were good though.Meats: Um, all were dry with no flavor...they put the BBQ sauce there to make it seem less dry and to overpower everything, but it's ultimately a horrible cover up for horrible food. Only meat that was passable was the veal. Very soft and yum.Seafood (cold): Crab legs were salty and you have to peel the shrimp yourself. Seafood (warm): Fish was not good at all. Dry, fishy...just bleh! Clam chowder on a plate? Not that great...fried clams were break-your-teeth hard. Rolled flounder was really weird tasting as well. I don't recommend the seafood at all. Desserts: Everything looked really plain. Cheesecake was "meh." Not much flavor or creaminess...and I love cheesecake :( Some strawberry pudding shortcake thing was not bad...fruit tart was extremely horrible. All the tarts were burnt so I just ate the fruit with some gelatin that was more hard than "fluffy-pudding" and slid right off the burnt pre-made tart. Ugh. Disgusting. Don't waste your time on this...In fact, don't waste your time on this buffet, period! You could get something way better anywhere (with the exception of possibly circus circus). Just suck it up and spend maybe $5-$10 dollars more for Wynn or Aria buffet!
2	Everyone and their mother (literally, their mother) was in line waiting to get into the buffet.  Was it 2-for-1 coupons or free buffet vouchers that everyone had that made it so packed and such a long wait?  Oh wait, it was the free vouchers.  We had them.  T.I. had a special where the rooms were dirt cheap these particular couple of weeks in between Thanksgiving and Christmas and each night's stay you get two free buffet vouchers (good Mon - Fri only) for either lunch or dinner.  Arrived at 5:30 pm and it took around 75 mins to get in and seated.First and foremost, 5 stars for our server Rod.  Great guy!  Friendly personality and very prompt and attentive service.  And with a smile, too.  Don't know how much truth there is into this, but it seemed like he enjoyed his job.  The lines at the buffet were, again long, just like outside.  They were divided into sections of BBQ, pastas, salads, something that past for Asian, and International, which was Mexican - what gives with that?  Not going to even go there.  Rude people and I had two old ladies cut in front of me twice.  The first time, I politely told one lady I was already in line before her; she apologized.  The second time, a Asian lady.  I let it go since I had a feeling she was going to give me the stink eye if I'd said something to her ~_OI normally don't go out and hit the buffets or AYCE, but when I do, I prep and set a rhythm to not gorge myself, but just eat at an even pace.  If someone's gonna let me go to town, then I'm taking a trailer with me!  Knowing that we were still going out afterwards, I went easy and had a couple of dinner plates, salad and dessert.  Overall, food was very ehhh.  Dry and bland for the meats, Chinese chicken salad was drenched and drowned, fruit wasn't fresh and the desserts were bland and not sweet at all given what I had selected.Hey, it was free and part of the room package promotion so we weren't going to pass that up.  But definitely, I wouldn't pay good, hard earned money to stand in a long line and eat blahh food.
4	I've been to buffet of all buffets, which has 7 buffets. And I really think this is better than all of them.The Ribs were really good. The orange bbq sauce was surprisingly good. One of the best.Desserts were really good too.When i went...BBQ stationburger/hot dog stationsalad stationpasta stationsushi stationIt was really good. Some of the reviews on here talk smack...but honestly for buffet standards it is pretty good.only bad thing is line gets kinda long for these stations. :(
4	While waiting on line for this buffet, I was able to see the chefs prepare the desserts.  Trying the chocolate covered (underside) fruit cups, cotton candy, tasty mini donuts (especially the powdered sugar variety), and the ever popular chocolate covered strawberries, I was quite pleased.Their main meal selections were also pretty good.  Once I discovered that they made certain asian bowls were made to order, I ordered a bowl of Vietnamese Pho.  Other asian bowl selections included Sweet & Soup soup, Wonton  soup, and something involving shrimp.I liked the way their ribs were prepared.  The meat came off the bone easily and the cartilage were sufficiently soft to be eaten.Since we stayed at the TI, we had a 2 for 1 voucher.
2	Considering the long line and all the different types of food, I was expecting a pretty decent meal. Um...not so much. The pesto chicken pasta was bland, the rolls were stale, and the food just seemed sad and flavorless. But on the bright side, it was free since we were staying at TI.
5	Best strip buffet for the money.Lots of good seafood. They make pasta and salad how you want right in front of you. Sushi and pho is about as good as it gets around here (I have high standards for Asian food). The desserts were amazing. Add all that to a good price (we got a discount through tix4tonight) and good service, so far the best buffet I have been to.
3	average at best. if it wasn't a comp from the pit boss i would have to rate it lower, but theres something about free food which makes things taste better. the service was great, seating was a bit crowded but we managed. the selection was good, but the downside is that it tasted and looked like buffet food. its exactly what one should expect from a buffet. studio b (@ the m) and the rio buffet are much better.
2	RECOMMENDED ONLY IF you have the 2 for 1 coupon for hotel guests.OTHERWISE, SKIP IT.if you are a guest at TI, they give you a coupon for the buffet good for M-F lunch or dinner.  lunch begins at 11am.  the cashier can start to accept coupons at 10:45am.  we got in at 10:55.breakfast ends at 11 but if you come for the lunch buffet at the beginning, you can still get breakfast.  thought that since bfast was ending in five minutes we would be getting slim pickings..  wrong!  while waiting to get pancakes, waffles, bacon, hash browns, they restocked it.they have several stations 1) they make your salad  2) they make omelettesi liked the potato bar.  baked potatoes were large and cooked through.  you could add your own toppings.other food was okay.  not bad but just mediocre.  sushi, chinese food, chicken..don't know why dessert is on the other side.  my favorite...i mean, i love love loved this...was the mini donuts!!  usually, i don't rave about donuts but they were just perfect.  powdered donut, chocolate donut, cinnamon-sugar donut, plain donut, sprinkled donut, etc.  i had a donut feast!!!  =Dthey also have ice cream, some slices of different pies, cookies, full sized cupcakes (red velvet, chocolate, etc), but one bite of a mini donut and i knew why i was returning to the dessert bar.the tea that i requested was hot (unlike my lukewarm teapot from wicked spoon), came with lemon and honey.  iced coffee and orange juice were good too.
1	Got a Tix4tonight coupon and went here at 9pm after a show. The food was horrible and the couple next to us agreed. I saw the waiters take a lot of full plates from tables as a lot of it wasn't even edible. The pasta tasted weird and the sushi tasted worse.The only think good was the dessert which was heavenly compared to any of the food. All in all, it was overpriced and NOT good.
4	We got a 2 for 1 buffet pass with our room reservation and had to use it!They had a ton of food options and they were pretty good.  I had...Peel and eat shrimp - goodRibs - goodScrambled Eggs - goodMac and Cheese - goodChocolate moose - goodChocolate covered strawberries - goodSo as you can see, everything was good!  I wouldn't say anything was fantastic but it definitely was good.
1	Worst coffee ever. I'm not kidding! It was horrible, ugh. Only go if you have a coupon.
1	Possibly the WORST collection of food I have ever seen. I didn't taste anything that was above average. Even the crab legs were terrible. Mushy and sticking to the leg shells. The Sushi wasn't fresh and was coming out of large pans from a premade stash. I should kick myself for even trying to BBQ- the ribs were dry as a bone (think beef jerky) and the prime rib was fatty. The line to get in was VERY long- until they let about 30 tables in all at once- so the lines at the buffet sections were long. All round, it was a lousy experience.
5	All I can is we loved it and one of the best buffets ever!!!!!!! I was very happy with Mayra helping us out... all the food you could want and lots of options!! Great Food, Great Service and just a fantastic experience!!! If you stay at the hotel you get  2 for 1 pass which rules and saves you 25 dollars!!!!
4	First I have to say, the first time was great, so we went back a second night!! The food items were actually much better than we expected. When I think of Buffet food, I think of food that has been sitting there for awhile that is luke warm. The food here is fresh and some made to order (pasta, sushi, asian soup). I have to say my favorites were the pasta bar and the asian food. They had great items for kids too, like burgers, pizza, mac/cheese, spaghetti, etc. But, save room for the dessert section of this buffet!!! It is FANTASTIC! Some items that were there were: specialty cupcakes, creme brule, cookies, chocolate covered strawberries, cream puffs, eau claires, ice cream, cotton candy (kids favorite), and pies.....just to name a few!!! The service was only OK. We had to actually search for our waitress the first night to get a refill on our pops. The plates piled up on our table for most the meal. For what you pay, the service of the wait staff could definitely be much better!The prices for adults weren't terrible at $23.95 for supper, but kids who are 10 or older are considered an adult. I personally believe that a 10 year old should not eat as much as an adult or be encouraged to eat that much. Anyways the other kids were $15.95 for supper(still a bit pricey for kids, in my opinion). If you are staying at TI, make sure to use the 2 for 1 coupon that comes with your room coupons. The prices for breakfast and lunch were a little cheaper. We only ate here at supper time.
2	I was really disappointed with this buffet. We only tried it because we received voucher when we booked our room. For as many things that I loved about staying at treasure island, this buffet was not one of them. You could really taste the poor quality of the food. I would have been very unhappy if we had to pay for it!!
1	definitely not worth the $30/person...the birthday girl wanted to go here, and since i didn't want to be a killjoy (i never eat enough to warrant going to a buffet), i tagged along. the selection of food for the price was terrible, and so was the organization. i recall the asian fried rice being next to the bbq beans. wtf? the food was terrible (a step above arby's) and needless to say, i actually had to get up and use the restroom in the midst of eating.
2	Even the 2-for-1 coupon is not worth it.  We stayed in Treasure Island with Spring Break promo for 2 rooms.  We got total of 4 free dinner buffets and 2-for-1 buffet coupons.  I've been to over a dozen casino buffets and this is the worst so far for dinner.  The sushi is like the typical sushi found in chinese restaurant buffet.  There is no sashimi, no meat carving, no seafood and so-so salads.  We went back for breakfast buffet, which was not bad considering the 2-for-1 price.  If I ever stay in Treasure Island again, I will not get Lunch or Dinner buffet unless it's free (not even 2-for-1 coupon is worth it because the food is not good in the first place).  I will still go to the breakfast buffet with the coupon (but only if I'm staying in the hotel already).  So it's 1 star for Dinner and 2 or 3 stars for Breakfast.
3	Food variety is limited but tastes good :DThe pastas are great.
2	first I must say I liked the salad bar area, because they serve it to you and that cuts back on germs and it was good. However the for the price i was expecting more of a selection in foods. The desert section is great. they have cotton candy. My waitress kept getting our drink orders wrong. Oh, and my coffee was lukewarm.  between my husband and myself the meal cost about $50.  I think it was just to expensive for what you get. I will not return there, i have had better buffet  experiences for a lot less money.
4	When some friends and I stayed at TI, we received two-for-one coupons for the buffet there, so we decided to give the buffet a shot for dinner one night. All in all, it was a very good meal at a very good price.As far as mid-to-low priced buffets go, TI's is pretty good. They had a good selection of food. You had your 'Asian' section, 'American' section, 'Italian' section and 'Salad' section. I kind of felt they were missing a 'TexMex'-type station, but ultimately I wasn't missing it all that much. In particular I appreciated that the salad station would custom-make salads for you - that was a bit of a nice touch.Everything I put on my plate during 'Round 1' I enjoyed. During 'Round 2,' I picked out a few things I didn't know if I'd like, but more-or-less just wanted to 'sample' and as I recall, everything during 'Round 2' was so-so. I don't know if I can fault the food so much as me being somewhat full by then and having already eaten the things I REALLY liked already. Nothing tasted old or reheated though. It was all pretty fresh and tasty.But the winner WAS the dessert section. Talk about selection!! By the time I got over there, I kind of wish I'd STARTED with dessert, cause there was so much to choose from - cupcakes, pies, cookies, ice cream, tarts, puddings, creme puffs, chocolate-covered strawberries, cotton candy even!! My friends and I all got several and sampled one another's items, just to get a taste of as much as possible. THE WINNER WAS THE CREME BRULEE! It was DELICIOUS!!! If I wasn't so full by the end, I would've liked to eat 3 of them.. Alas, I could only eat one serving. But it was YUM.I'd rate this place a solid 3 stars, but they get an extra star for the dessert section alone. For the price we paid, this buffet was very good.
1	How in the world can you mess up spare ribs? Or chicken? Or the rice in sushi? Come on Treasure Island! What the heck? I've been to many, many buffets in Vegas and hands down, this is the worst I've ever been to. Granted, I went during lunch time so I can't comment on quality or value during dinner, but this was absolutely horrible.The good:(Total 3 stars)Desserts were actually pretty good. Red velvet cupcake, pineapple upside down miniature cake, very good cookies, real Dreyers Grand ice cream. And, oh, they didn't mess up the ice tea. The mashed sweet potato was very good. The bad:(Total -2 stars)Wow...where do I begin. Okay, I rarely ever eat sushi at these buffets but since they had no shrimp or crab or mussels or any other seafood during lunch time despite a $20.95 price tag, but I was desperate for anything somewhat fishy. How do I describe the rice? Let me see...a cross between spoiled pudding, 5 day old rice, and concrete grounds. I actually just took the small pieces of fish and shrimp on this sad excuse of sushi rice, ate the fish and used the rice to build a pyramid on my plate. Yes, I've eaten at AYCE sushi buffets so I don't equate them to sushi restaurants, but my goodness this was horrid. Pork ribs? Well, they display real oak wood behind the serving counter at the bbq area, but it's not oak-fired ribs. It was artificial smoke flavor...and it was putrid. Holy cow...it didn't last .5 of a millisecond in my mouth. It was that bad. How in the world can a piece of spare rib be that bad? It tasted like gasoline...and it may have been. You get the idea. Food was old (like left over from the previous day or something, not fresh). Here's the kicker: despite 2 for 1 coupons and/or 2 free buffets, the breakfast and lunch lines were very minimal. The hotel guests probably read the reviews about this buffet and stayed away. Me? I thought maybe I could save $50 by going to this buffet with the 2 free coupons and invest it elsewhere. Bad decision. The insult is they actually charge $20.95 for this buffet to those who don't have coupons. They should PAY people $20.95 for coming to eat there. I should thank my stars that I at least got fed for free BUT when you're on vacation in Vegas and you have to make meals count cuz there are only 3 meals a day you should at least enjoy your meal. This buffet was horrible, putrid, old, stanky, and absolutely insulting. A Vegas buffet shouldn't be this bad. The downtown Vegas buffets were even better than this for 1/3 the cost. Treasure Island, please wake up, and guests STAY AWAY from this buffet. First time I've stayed at this hotel, and the rooms were actually pretty good, but the buffet actually ruined the experience.
2	Pretty much bad all around and considerably worse than I remember.I've been here before and decided to drop in again this past weekend b/c of a 2 for 1 coupon I got with my room. We came in for dinner so maybe thats why everything tasted bad....or maybe its actually bad...Overall selection of food was pretty limited.The Sushi:The rice was old. I mean there was no other way to say it. It was not fresh rice.If I make rice at home and 4 days later I unplug the rice cooker and leave the lid all the way open for 24 hours because i'm dumb like that, then slap a piece of fish on that crusty left-over rice and put it in the fridge for 2 hours to make it extra cold, then I'll have the same kind of sushi as I had at TI. It was bad.The sea food was ok I guess. None of it tasted really fresh and it was all heavily seasoned/baked/slathered with stuff.The crab legs were decent.The potatoes tasted like they had been sitting out there for quite a while.I couldn't bring myself to eat the dessert afterwards but the comments from the rest of the table were less than positive.I'm not a buffet hater since I do go to buffets occasionally, but this just wasn't my cup of tea.You better be plastered drunk AND a starving zombie to come in here and pay full price. Sorry, not for me.
3	The buffet has been remodeled since the last time I ate here and the inside looks quite nice with the how it looks. It has more of a dark wood restaurant feel to it and the spacing of the tables is adequate.The food was just ok to me as they did have decent quantity, but the quality was kind of poor as everything looked as if it could have been pre-made and just sat out for awhile. Did not look very appetizing. Even the roast beef was very dry and sat out under the heating lamps for too long. Ughh. The only thing I really enjoyed eating were the crab legs as they tasted fresh and were very meaty!!  Also they do have a great dessert area where you can choose from fresh mini doughnuts to cotton candy and also house made ice cream.The main reason we ate here was because we got a 2 for 1 buffet pass for staying  at TI otherwise I'm not sure if I would be eating here again.
2	4 stars for breakfast, 1 star for dinner.First the positive.  If you stay at the hotel, you get a 2 for 1 coupon for a buffet.  Use it for breakfast or brunch.  If you don't have the coupon, go to another buffet.  Omelette station is good.  Other foods are fine.  I really liked the hash browns.  Good selection.  Good mimosa.Dinner consisted of BBQ, Chinese, sushi, burgers, hot dogs, NY style pizza, salads made to order, and dessert.  I ate mostly BBQ, which was hit or miss.  The ribs were tough.  The beans and BBQ sauces were great.The pizza was mediocre.  There was a small selection of desserts, which weren't very good (I liked the mini donuts.  I didn't like the chocolate cake or the cheesecake.)Recap.  Skip dinner, go to the breakfast or brunch if you have a coupon.
4	Small cozy buffet with ample selection for a reasonable price.  Each time we have eaten here, we have used coupons from watching shows on the strip.  Their meat selection is pretty wide, with a carving station with at least two meats (we had lamb, prime rib, and turkey), the standards in cold seafood such as cold snow crab legs and cocktail shrimp, and a good selection of dessert.I certainly won't compare it against the big boy buffets, but for the price, its actually a good value.
3	Pretty decent food - more towards the american menu. They do have a simple japanese sushi spread, not that fantastic. Oriental spread - pretty ok. American spread and italian spread(with pizzas and pastas) make up the bulk of their menu. Salad spread is good though, with different types of salads to choose and the buffet lady would start mixing the different greens together.Drinks are free (any type), except the alcoholic ones.Overall, I would give this a 6/10, definitely tasted way way better buffets than these, but it deserves the thumbs up for the price I paid for it and for the spread it serves.Tip: One way to get really good and economical value buffets is to head to tix4dinner.com and get a buffet discount coupon. You pay 2 dollars and you get 25% or something like off your dinner buffet. Might be even more.Once again, it isnt that fantastic but if you're on a budget, this should be more than sufficient!Cheers!
2	Probably the WORST buffet in Las Vegas. This place makes the already not-so-great, Vegas buffet in Glendale, CA. look good.(http://www.yelp.com/biz/vegas-seafood-buffet-glendale#hrid:JnIwxV7PDcIRU7PhAETMrA) I bet Imperial Palace's buffet (do they have one?) is better. I know the Flamingo buffet is. The line to get in is like waiting for Riddler's Revenge in Six Flags Magic Mountain. Too bad it doesn't store as much excitement. Usually people line up for vegas buffets because the food is actually good. This just has a line because they give everyone who stays in the hotel, two for one meal vouchers. I should know, I had one.When you finally get in, you think the line is finally over. WRONG! You enter and you line up to get food. From the PATHETIC sushi selection, to the chow mein makers, to the g0Dd@mn salad bar. lines, lines, LINES! By this point, I am starving. The salad maker wouldn't even help me. There was 1 lady helping 25 people in line. TI, would you please hire more employees? I barely tried anything in this buffet. I stuck to the American/BBQ section. Their (spare)ribs were dry, the chicken was OK, and I piled up on the collard greens. Honestly, I was so hungry, I was just eating whatever to shut my belly up. The desserts were not memorable. Though I do love me some buffet cookies. I will not be back.. Unless I get another free voucher.. Which may not be likely because I never want to stay at TI again. It's just a ghetto hotel that needs to be destroyed already. Time for a new skyscraper hotel again.
1	WORST BUFFET EVER!!! Can I do 0 stars :-) ?  Horrible food quality and variety, sanitary conditions, and customer service.  This place is not worth it even with 2 for 1 coupons!
4	Had Breakfast and Lunch at the treasure island buffet. Used the 2 for 1 coupon for breakfast and 2 free buffet passes for lunch/dinner. 0 minute wait timeBreakfast:+eggs benedict+ mini donuts+ omelette station+ potatoes+ salad stationLunch/Dinner (we arrived around 3:30-ish and dinner starts at 4:00)so, we mostly had lunch meal than dinner meal... i didn't see any dinner meats rollin' out at 4 and we left around 4:20-ish+ sandwich+ salad station+ cotton candy+ BBQ ribs (yummy!)+ chicken (yummy)+ pizzzzza+ desserts (red velvet cupcake, chocolate cupcake, creme brulee!!!!!!!)I like the dessert selection here than Bellagio Buffet.considering not a lot of people eat at TI buffet .... some of the food just sit under the heating lamp ... unlike bellagio buffet where a bunch of hungrymasaurussess stand in line for 2 hours and then pile on food on top of food on top of food and fresh  food is constantly churning out.
3	Not as bad as i was anticipating for a buffet. We had free vouchers so for that price you cant beat it! Inly thing is they should have free wine or beer!
3	3/5 stars, above average right?  Came here for brunch and the transition to dinner buffet so I had the chance to sample both spreads.  Brunch is very basic with eggs, bacon, sausage,hash etc.  Omelette bar is great!  egg whites ftw!  The omelette station turns into the pasta station after 4pm.  Salad bar is pretty cool but very simplistic.  I tried the bbq cobb salad /w extra avocado.  If not for the extra avo, the salad would be pretty blah.  There's a bbq station serving pork ribs and that is actually kind of tasty.  Prime rib is terrible and so is the sushi.  Dessert spread is pretty bad too.  I'm starting to reconsider this above average rating.  The seafood spread is your average peel and eat shrimp and above average sized snow crab legs.  The crab legs were actually semi fresh, cold and sweet.  I like!  Orange juice is fake powdered stuff, stay away!
1	I just don't get the draw of buffets.  The quality of food is generally worse than if you'd order an entree at a normal restaurant, most restaurants serve portions that are big enough to satisfy already, the novelty of eating fried rice, prime rib, and pasta at the same time does not appeal to me, and you end up paying more than usual for this sub-par dinner.  Given my disinterest in buffets, this one still ranks towards the bottom of buffets I've tried.  Nothing I tried was horrible per se, but it wasn't very good either.  That alone would be enough to earn a 2 star rating, but at almost $30 per person, this place loses another star.
1	Absolutely the worst buffet I think I've ever been. Would of asked for my money back if it wasn't for the two for one coupon.
1	I have been doing buffets in Vegas a long time, and my favorite is the one at the Bellagio. But with friends in town we didn't want to wait 45 for a buffet because we had to catch a show so we decried to try the Treasure island buffet. When paying $26 for a on the strip buffet I expect some really good food, but Id rather eat a $16 buffet off he strip then here.Almost all the food seem liked "filler" food such as rice, bread, pastas, it had a very bland selection and almost no unique dishes. The meats that they served were ok, but again lacked something to make this place special or above the rest. And the desert section was nothing to be proud of either.Overall you will be paying $26 for rice, bread and fruit. Skip this one if your looking for a cheap buffet off the strip I like the fiesta at Sunset Station.
3	Not a huge fan of this place because of the service and price, but the food is good.We went there with coupons, yay! The wait was a half hour and the place was half empty.  It's a buffett come-on.  You dont need a large staff to refill soda's.  The wait staff was very pleasant.  Sushi was freshly made which was a plus for me. Salads are made to order.  Pasta's are made to order.  The meats that were sitting out though I noticed were under cooked.  The chicken I had was pink, and the meatloaf was also pink. Lost my appetite after that. I would only go back with coupons.
4	I don't know how this place only has three stars !Maybe I don't know what "a good Vegas buffet" is bu,t the girl and I were happy with the selections and the quality was pretty good too. We ate here three times during our stay at TI.All the negative reviews trip me out. I've certainly had worse buffets in Vegas.what ever !
2	Had a 2 for 1 coupon, the prime rib was fatty and had no flavor, chicken was dry, of all the meat served the pulled pork the best, the deserts were good, homemade donuts and good cheesecake with fresh blackberries and strawberries. Service was good, drinks filled and dishes cleared. Over all, if you don't have a 2 for 1 coupon not worth full price.
3	Went here recently because we had free vouchers to dine and I have to say, it wasn't as bad as I remember. I did get sick afterwards but definitely not from eating here (contracted a virus).Egg and pasta station were a plus and so was the BBQ station. I wasn't particularly impressed with the salad station, Asian food, and the International section. The desserts were well versed, something for everyone.The only bad thing about this visit is that the hostess decided to stick us at the smallest table in the restaurant where if you moved in the wrong direction just by an inch, you would be making contact with another customer at a different table. I wouldn't ordinarily complain about this, but there were at least 20+ tables around us that was more spacious. We took the liberty of moving ourselves.
2	Went here with two of my girlfriends b/c they got their free vouchers. I was starving and needed something to eat after drinking at the pool so I paid $30 for below mediacore food. The food was dried and bland. The only thing I can eat much of is their peeled shrimp and crab legs because I can squeeze some lemon on it to make it taste decent.  Now, I have to give them 4 stars on their dessert bar so they got something going for them. Other than than, not going back.
1	Even with the 2 for 1 coupon, I'd say this isn't worth it. Go somewhere else and you might actually enjoy what you eat. Meats were bad, seafood was bad, and I didn't even bother with dessert.The TI buffet simply serves very low quality food, and I think I even got sick later because of it.
1	Doesn't even deserve one star!  Terrible food that we couldn't even finish. Bad service and way over priced!  Save your $$ and appetite for another place.
3	Like any other buffet, this one is decent. Not the greatest but not the worse. This one is way better than circus circus, excalibur and luxor buffet. My sisters and I divided and conquered the different stations. One of of us went over to the breakfast section and got: Bacon, eggs, benedicts, sausage, pancakes etc. All were typical and not too bad.-Next station was the home cookng/southern food: had some ribs, prime rib,  mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, fried chicken, sweet potatoes, green beans and okra. Of all the stations, the home cooking station probably had the best food.-As usual, the asian section was a big disappointment, stay away from them if you go to buffets. you can get better asian food going straight to a restaurant.-Desserts: They have a cotton candy machine which i love! i can't get enough of it! they also make their own mini doughnuts and they are quite tasty!! =) The cupcakes, cakes and cookies are ok/decent. Nothing to really write home about. Overall, not that bad of a buffet, but not the best. The Wynn and Wicked Spoon buffets are by far the best ones i have been to.
5	Not too expensive but very good! I still crave their mashed potatoes sometimes. They keep the red skin in them and add chives (or at least they did when i went last). I didn't have anything I didn't like. Sometimes, vegas buffets can be bland and all the same. But, this one stood out the most. It was pretty good.
1	Okay. I am a huge buffet connoisseur. Right now I am sitting here just finishing my TI buffet .  Paid $19 for each for lunch. Only thing I can say is stay away.  Prepared foods were dry, selections limited, no carving station, and desserts were minimalistic.I used to love Treasure Island, unfortunately I am so depressed on the quality of the whole hotel as a whole.
2	My friend and I had lunch buffet there since two free buffet vouchers were included in the room package.  However, I wouldn't eat here again even if we get another free buffet offer.  There was very few choices and they all tasted so so.  The ribs were dry and collard green tasted weird.  There was a little fly on the sweet shrimp sushi enjoying its meal. How appeptizing...Normally, dessert section is my favorite,  but the dessert selection was just okay.  If you were to spend $$ on a buffet, Harrah's has a much better deal and their buffet tastes much better!
4	One of the better breakfast buffets on the strip . 4 stars for the Omelet man .
1	I should have fought my dad more on this one---for $28 per person for a weekend brunch, the food quality is outrageously terrible. There are so few options (and breakfast is the easiest meal you can perfect) and the workers are all mean and weary.Even if we stayed here for a couple nights, I vow never to come here for convenience. The Buffet must step up its game or it's going to bring itself to its own demise.
2	The food isn't good.  It was mediocre the first time I came here, but second time around it sucked.  My guy friends and girl friend all didn't like it.  The mashed potatoes tasted weird, like they weren't full cooked or something.  Everything else wasn't that great either.  Some of the meats were dry.  The fish tasted like it wasn't cleaned well.  Not worth going to for the price.  If you stay at the hotel, they give you a buy one get one free deal.  I guess it would be ok if you don't mind paying about $25 for 2 people (using the voucher).
1	We ate at the TI Buffet on Nov 14 and this is probably the worst buffet I've ever had.  From Cassie the host who should really find a different job because she obviously hates this one, to the dry, tasteless low grade food. If one of my employees ever treated customers like she treated us she would looking for a new job immediately.  From her rude tone to her condescending treatment of us and other customers I was in disbelief.  If it wasn't for another hostess,  (Tenisa? ugg I can't quite remember her name)  anyway, she did her job wonderfully.  We voiced our complaints about being separated from the rest of our party (we were seated exactly on opposite ends of the restaurant) and that Cassie was so rude.  Tenisa? said exactly what she should of to calm angry customers. This girl should be promoted because she has it down pat.  The way she handled us was exactly the way I hope my employees do.  Cassie should be shadowing her so she can learn a thing or too. We weren't the only ones complaining about her either.  We talked to other people from surrounding tables and they couldn't believe her either.  I also asked another worker for Cassie's name and mentioned that she was just a b**ch to us and others and this worker just said, "yes,, she's always like that and she doesn't get fired, and many customers and coworkers complain about her but nothing gets done."  This wasn't a suprise to me.  Employees don't do this and get away with it without their managers knowing about it.  So between the customer service and the crappy food, I would stay away.  Far away! This was by far our worst experience we ever had in Vegas.
5	Belagio food at lower prices! my boyfriend and i come to Vegas every year and we tried a lot of buffets and this one was our favorite!! loved the sushi! adnd one of the best desserts, not those stupid little fake prepackaged wannabe fancy ones that taste like fake sugar.  Very delicious Buffet in Vegas strip! and the waitresses there were very friendly and helpful.
3	3.5 stars! Came here for a free breakfast buffet since we had four vouchers and a buy one get one free voucher.  $25 for 6 people....that is freaking awesome!!  We had quite a bit of a mix up with our vouchers but long story short, we had to use these tickets for breakfast instead of dinner:(  Anyways, I am definitely a breakfast girl because I love eggs, sausage, bacon, and pretty much anything you name!  This buffet was quite delicious.  There was a salad and omelette station as well that make your food right on the spot!  Everything was fresh too...unlike the other buffet I had the day before (circus circus buffet).  After eating many of the breakfast items, I had to get some sushi because I love it!!  I grabbed some smoked salmon and some different pieces of rolls.  As I sat down, there was a fly...like a gnat:(  gross.  I suddenly lost my appetite for sushi in all:(  The chef came out and apologized which i thought was very nice.  Our server was super helpful and adorable.  He told us there was free champagne as well so our table ended up making MIMOSAS!!!!  Towards the end, I was saddened because my belly could not consume any more food!!  I had to get DESSERT!! I grabbed some small desserts and COTTON CANDY!!  Yes! I felt like such a kid holding a big piece of pink cotton walking back to my table! I DONT CARE! it was good:) Overall, great place to eat!NOTE:-no bathrooms, located outside-free champagne
4	Really good buffet. So many choices to choose from. The only downfall is that it is very pricey, but a great buffet nonetheless.
2	Had breakfast buffet at TI over the Christmas holiday.  Had been there a few times previously three years ago when we got married in Vegas.  Those times we good.This time, it was bad.  Not much in variety at the stations.   No simple muffins or pastries.  Quality of the food was poor.  The breakfast at the Mirage was much better and a dollar cheaper.
3	Pretty Okayyy food. Not as bad as many other reviews make it sound like. A lot of families seem to enjoy this We had 2 free meals from our reservation on Vegas.com so we decided to use them on a Thursday night dinner. I didn't experience anything spectacular but I wasn't disappointed either!Asian food: not great, don't even waste your stomach space on it... Maybe im a snobby asian, but their asian food was just below average. The eggdrop soup is okay if you want some warm comfort soup. The sushi was pretty terrible, lots of cold hard rice with a little bit of fish.American/BBQ food: Yum, stuff the majority of your stomach with this!!! The prim ribs is actually very decent, a little too cooked for my taste but still good! The chili is yummy. The chicken isn't so great. Mashed potatoes are pretty standard. Their salads are actually really good too if you want a healthier option. They have very food dressings! Desserts: wait a cotton candy machine? Yeeppie. Chocolate covered strawberries and mini donuts!!!Not too shabby for free dinners or those buy-one-get-one-free deals. If you live here and want some cheap food to fill up your stomach with some protein for cheap, go for it!
5	Their brunch was great. Service was also great. Lots of selection for a small buffet compare to rio! But everything was very good. I guess things taste a lot better when it was all free due to my sis VIP players card.
4	Cotton candy, eclairs, chocolate covered strawberries, and ice cream for dessert.yummy.
1	Omg. Everything here is so nasty. I hope i dont get sick
3	A bit pricy.  Above average taste.
3	BREAKFAST is a Four Star affair, Dinner is about 2 stars. Full disclosure we used bogo for breakfast and two freebies for dinner (both provided as "valued guests of TI" err we showed up with good credit card).  They offer several choices on buffet, but breakfast look for eggs benedict, blueberry crepes (use blueberry sauce not syrup!!), cheese blintzes, apple foldovers, fresh prepared corned beef hash (DO NOT PASS THIS UP!), and the pastry bar.  Most of everything else is standard fare at best.  They offer a omelet bar, so you can get fresh made here.  The food was all fresh.However, they change over at lunch looked pretty good and we decided to go back for dinner.  Good thing it was free!!!  Please don't pay full price for dinner.  The best of the dinner menu was pork ribs.  The prime rib was very bland, country,  fried steak was dried out, and most everything else was bland over overcooked.  Mac & cheese was good and may be high watermark for buffet for entrees (is that a sorry statement?!).  Again if you go, hit dessert hard.  Coconut macroons, chocolate cake, cheesecake (with sour cream frosting), red velvet cupcakes, eclairs,  and mini donuts are awesome, but not worth the price of admission alone.
3	This place is decent in the fact that they serve edible food.  All flavors are pretty basic,  and bland but they serve their purpose.  I don't see a reason to have a long line waiting outside and literally one cashier in front.  Let's ditch the "five star hotel" attitude and out some more cashiers on the line so patrons can eat and go back to gambling.Pros: the manager is attentive and friendly.  The pasta chef is also wonderful as well I think his name is Ramon.  Dessert section is the only place where you may enjoy!
1	Nice hotel, horrible buffet!! Barely gets a star! All the food was cold and not fresh. The only decent tasting things were the pasta bar (lobster ravoli), some of the sushi rolls, the orange chicken and the shrimp noodle soup. Everything else was very ehhh - pho soup tasted like disinfectant, the "mexican food" was not tasty, the salads were old and the desserts were bland.  You would think in a nice hotel the buffet would be good but apparently not. I actually think that Hometown buffet or Sizzler is better!  Even with a two for one, I don't think this place is worth it.
4	Only tried the breakfast buffet, so we can't speak to the other meals of the day. Very happy with the meal. Made to order omelettes were delicious, as were the blueberry crepes and the breakfast potatoes. Overall it was good.BUT........Then I found the pastry bar!!!!! Off to the side, and for whatever reason untouched. I walked over......no one else was around. I hesitate...thinking maybe this was not an included part of the buffet.... Perhaps these are for the pastry shop just outside....hmmmmm. What to do?Went ahead and loaded my plate thinking to myself I will play dumb if someone fusses at me.Luckily, I was in the clear.....and oh my goodness. I wish I had started my meal with these pastries.....homemade miniature donuts topped with chocolate, caramel or powdered sugar....to die for!! These were somewhere between a traditional donut and a cake donut, and were like heaven in my mouth. Next, the gooey pecan cinnamon roll that literally melted in my mouth. The pecans were candied and crunchy and gave the roll just enough texture.....Lord, I almost paid for the buffet again the next morning just to have these pastries once more.  Definitely worth the price. Even better, we were full from the morning feast all day, and were able to skip right over lunch. So it really was a great deal afterall.
3	Me and my friend were staying at the Wynn and wanted to try some buffets around the strip besides eating at the Wynn Buffet. This Buffet doesn't have a lot to offer compared to buffet at the Mirage, Caesars, Wynn, Bellagio and Cosmopolitan. It's about the size of a 2nd rate buffet located off the strip but more modern. Food is meh and service is okay. I wouldn't eat here again and would rather walk a few feet more to the Cravings Buffet at the Mirage or the Fashion Show Mall Food Court.
4	WOW! they have 4-5 different stations each with a grade A, place is clean, nice decor. They have a station of Asian food, Italian, beef station, salad station and one more i can not remember. The food was well cooked, delicious and staff was great. The best dessert station i think with pastry chefs you could see actually baking and decorating the dessert  from mini doughnuts, chocolate covered strawberries, great cake selection, cup cakes, cookies, cotton candy and a few more items i tried. Definatly a favorite to return to.
1	There wasn't one specific thing that made this buffet so horrible... It's just the accumulation of everything being less than average quality. There are plenty of options, but none of them were flavorful, hot, or worth filling up on.Some others have commented on the dessert section being worthwhile, but to us everything tasted unthawed and on the stale side. The Asian section had probably the best offerings but all were still fairly bland.The worst part is that when I was going to grab a slice from the pizza station, someone had placed the tongs directly on TOP of the pizza... So all the hand germs were in direct contact with the food! There were two workers right there who didn't think this was disgusting.. I would have discarded the slices.My husband and I both left with unsatisfied stomachs and looked forward to the second dinner we would have a few hours later at a much better establishment.
2	Yes, it's a Las Vegas Buffet - Food here is meh - basically, low quality food with emphasis of quantity. It is pretty pricy considering what you're getting - traditional Vegas up charge, but I still think it's still a bit pricy, even by Vegas Standards. Me, I just had a couple of eggs, canned fruit, and a bowl of cereal. Personally in the future, if I have to eat on the cheap and quick - I would suggest considering a coffee shop oatmeal, fruit, and coffee. Or if you want to spend the budget - consider eating a famous French place that is listed in my Vegas list.
4	I really enjoyed eating at this buffet. The price is reasonable, the food is fresh and the service is fast. The best part? Fresh Donuts!! Amazing, worth breaking your diet for. The Bad? It isn't part of M-life and there are no locals discounts.
3	As with any buffet, there are going to be some hits or misses. TI has a pretty good variety, but is definitely smaller than some other buffets that I've been to. Luckily, my friends and I got 2 free vouchers for staying in the hotel so we only paid for 1 ticket, which was ~$33. The buffet is divided into different classes of cuisines around the world: seafood, Asian, Italian, American, dessert, The good:pasta station-my friend's lobster ravioli was righteoussalad station-customizable salads with fancy topping optionsPrime rib was very juicy and one of the tastier ones that I've had from a buffetmany tasty desserts, including bread pudding, mini donuts, cakes, ice cream, delish cream puffs and eclairsThe bad:limited options overall, but especially at the dessert stationseafood bar was limited; crab legs/shrimp were over saltedfrom the looks of the menu, the Asian noodle bar is a disgrace to Asian foodQuick tip: do NOT stuff your face if you're planning on going out at night and wearing a skin-tight dress with high heels. That extra food baby really does a number on you, especially when inebriated.
3	This is a pretty decent buffet with a good price for a Sunday brunch. I believe it is $24.99 a person for the champagne brunch. There is never a problem getting refills on the champagne, and they have a lot of different food choices from around the world.They also have a good dessert selection. The line seems to be 15-20 mins. on Sundays around 10-11am (speaking from the 2 times I've been there). If I stayed at Treasure Island again, I would return for this champagne brunch.
2	We tried it for breakfast since we were staying at the hotel and had a two-for-one coupon. If you're in that same situation, there are worse places you could go, but if you're contemplating paying full price, don't. If you're in Vegas to enjoy gambling and shows, this might be a convenient option to fill up. If delicious food is on your "must" list, keep looking.
1	I was there in October 2012 and it was fantastic. I was just there again in April and bragged to my friends about how great it was and we were all horribly disappointed. We got there later in the evening and stood in this very slow moving line. I could see a ton of empty tables but for some reason they were staggering in the people about every 5 minutes or so. By the time we got close to the cashier, he anounced it would be closing in 30 minutes. We debated but thought we could eat and be out in 30 minutes. We got in. Service was bad. The server (not sure her name but long ponytail and hefty girl) was very unfriendly. Food was dry and as it got closer to closing time they took our silverware when we went back for "last call". They were still sitting people up to 10 minutes before it was to close and we saw them and were like WTF, those poor people really got ripped off. Anyway I was sad it was not what it was in October.I have been to Luxur, Excalibur and Paris Buffet too and Paris is the best I have had in LV. I have been there several times for breakfast, lunch and dinner and would highly recommend it. I will probably try others at other hotels before going back for din at TI. I was really embarrassed that I had bragged so much about it to the friends I had brought.
2	Price: WAY too much for what you get in quality.Meal: two redeeming qualities - the BBQ section (pulled pork was good) and the desert bar.  fresh pasta made to order....ok. Chinese section - not good.  Carved roast beef - ok. Ambiance:  better than some.The killing factor of this dinning experience was the price.  The next night my wife and I spent 1/2 what we did here, at Rolling Smoke BBQ (about 7 minutes from T.I.), and got BBQ that blew the buffet away.
1	This review belongs on a police blotter, as I definitely witnessed several crimes against food.  Soggy pizza, undercooked pasta, grey meat they referred to as beef, hard and rubbery rolls.  I kept trying and trying to find something good, but alas, I was disappointed right up to the point of ice cream.  The ice cream was Edy's, so they didn't really have an opportunity to screw it up.  We ate for free due to a promotional coupon, but I have to honestly say I would pass on this unless I was being paid to eat here.  Free was still too expensive.
1	We came for a weekday lunch because we were staying at TI and had the two-for-one coupon. I'm glad that we used the coupon, but I hope that no one pays full price for this buffet. While the layout was fine and it was clean - the selection was minimal. We tried just about everything, but just didn't find anything that we better than meh. Even the desserts weren't very tasty. If you are looking for an Appleby's experience, you might not be disappointed.The pasta station was probably the best of all the food and even that was gummy and unappetizing. If you are looking for a buffet in Vegas, keep looking!
4	we eat here everytime were in vegas. i even had my wedding reception here in may of this year.very friendly staff and the manager was super nice. they have different types of food stations so you will be stuffed when you leave and the dessert bar is way good!
3	Their specialties is noodle soup, but I like coming here for just two reasons: the blueberry donuts and cotton candy! Yum. Otherwise, the rest of the buffet is average.
3	I ate here again last week (comped) and was actually very happy. Good salad, sushi was actually fresh and many of the bbq items quite good.
2	I've eaten here only once and it wasn't the kind of vegas dining experience one might expect. The line was pretty long to get a table, but it didn't take that long to get to the front. The decor was alright, just normal restaurant decor here. The food was ok as well. I've definitely eaten better, and just thought the food wasn't too special. The dessert section is to die for! It's kind of hidden and it's away from the rest of the food but the guy who runs it really is into his job. The eclairs are the best, everything else is just as good as well, just stay away from the cupcakes. They're a bit dry. Or maybe they were just dry for me. Anywho, it's a mediocre restaurant to eat at, but it does the job.
1	was there for lunch, nothing spectacular . decent price though.only reason I tried it because we stayed at treasure island hotel an got a buy one get one free coupon. We paid like $20 pp. decent decoration place.for a good hotel, like  TI this buffet is waaaaayyyyy below spectations.I WILL NOT RECOMEND THIS  TO ANYBODY MUCH LESS COMING BACK  !!!!
5	It was free because it was including in the resort fees! I was very happy with the choices and quality of food for a buffet. The Brunch during the weekend has many different breakfast options. The omelet tasted better than IHOP or Original Pancake House. The chefs create made to order salads which a smile and are attentive to what I want in the salad. The BBQ was a favorite for my husband and the sushi didn't taste as fresh as other restaurants but it tasted good. I loved the Orange Chicken as it was crispy and wasn't full of fatty pieces. The Dessert! Oh the Dessert!!! Amazing!!! They were not buffet style...they were boutique bakery style desserts! Wow! I would come just for dessert. And they have sugar free options too!!We went twice and would go again if we came back to Treasure Island!
4	So, after a night of drinking and partying and sleeping in till 1. We woke up in the mood for some  PIZZA !!!! While we were figuring out what pizza joint to go to we passed by the buffet and saw that they had a real pizza oven and u can get your own customized pizza  We were staying in T.I. And we had a ' buy on get one free' voucher  . So we decided to check it out ! And WHOA !!! It was delicious ... They had a Baked Potato Bar Station !And the Pizza was so Good ! Got to create my own ^_^ The dessert station is really good too with mini donuts and cotton candy ...And the prices are totally reasonable
2	Gross!!!!There is not much variety at this buffet. If you want to pay $30 for pasta, pizza, and Panda Express Chinese food.. Not a wise move. Also, they advertise their "seafood section" like it's some huge deal.. But it's just fried this and fried that. The shrimp wasn't even peeled. The pulled pork and chicken were all soggy and drenched in BBQ sauce. The beans were canned. And I hate when salad bars don't let you make the salad, they make it for you. Overall, service was horrible too. I understand buffets get crazy, but we were pretty much neglected and had to call over the manager. I am only giving it the additional star because its simply edible, and the desserts are good! Mini donuts, ice cream, cookies... At least they didn't mess that part up!
3	Ate there on a Saturday for lunch, it wasn't bad at all. As with almost anywhere, you're going to experience good and not so good dishes.  There was a nice selection, I enjoyed the bbq station while the wife found the salad station wonderful. We'd return next time but not go out of the way to do so.
2	This buffet was better the first time we ate there.  This second time around after a few years was not that good.  The best thing I liked to eat there was the Wonton noodle soup, and their Kona Coffee ice cream.
3	Like what all the other reviews said, don't come here unless you have the 2-for-1 coupon. When I came here for the breakfast buffet, it was $25 per person. Considering the options and the quality of food, it's not worth paying full price for this buffet. The food was okay. Nothing amazing and nothing horrible. They had the standard: pancakes, crepes, fruit, yogurt, cereal, omelettes, bacon, etc. If you weren't feeling breakfast foods, then there was a salad bar, an Asian bar with sushi and salmon sashimi, and a dessert bar. I stuck to the typical breakfast foods. I did venture out to try some of their nigiri sushi but after one bite, I could tell it wasn't fresh. I stayed away from the sushi after that.The dessert bar was by far my favorite. Mini donuts, chocolate croissants, ice cream, and even a cotton candy maker. I wanted some cotton candy but the chef behind the counter said he only turns that on when it's the lunch buffet. There was nothing impressive about this buffet but it got the job done. I left breakfast stuffed and satisfied.
2	Went there for lunch on July 12 on the 2 for 1 the hotel gave us.  Pizza was ok and ribs were pretty good.  Other than that nothing stood out.  Many things were edible, but not a lot of flavor including the pasta bar where they make it for you.  Go elsewhere this one is a dud!
3	I used my voucher on the first day we got there and the food was ok.  I didn't have anything that made we want to go back for seconds.
2	SERVICE: Absolutely great and I wish I got his name.  FOOD: Ummm, I've had much better. The ribs were dry,  PHO soup had no flavor and the mini spam musubi/sushi was cold and hard. (Like it was pre made and put it in the fridge to be served later.) The only thing I thought was good was the omelette station.Don't think I'll ever return here again.
1	I did not enjoy the lunch buffet. There wasn't as much variety as I've seen at other Las Vegas buffets and the quality was poor.
4	My friends and I got a special for this buffet for only $20. Go to the Fashion Show Mall and downstairs they have a half price ticket stand with a number of shows and restaurants you can get at discounted rates, including this buffet. The waiters at this place were so nice and attentive.  Their wide range of food was more than satisfying and definitely my money's worth.
2	Not a lot of variety for the price. There was nothing that tasted really good that I would recommend wasting your money on. There are much better places to eat in Vegas.
3	Breakfast/lunch buffet is good bang for your buck.  If you are a hotel guest you can use a 2 for 1 coupon, and if you go around 11am you can pay the breakfast price.  The breakfast setup is great, they have an omelet bar where you can get a custom made one or eggs to order.  The bacon was really good too, they also had french toast, pancakes and hash browns.  At 11:30 they change over to lunch which included a variety of BBQ and Chinese food items.  I tasted the orange chicken which was pretty good.  The best part are the desserts, they had a number of options like chocolate macaroons, strawberries and their freshly made mini donuts.  I would definitely go there again for the breakfast and with the coupon.
4	The breakfast food here is so good! The scrambled eggs were nice and fluffy, the bacon was crispy, the hash browns were also crispy and had a nice crunch on the edges but fluffy "inside," and both types of sausages were yummy. I also had a bowl of wonton soup which had a tasty broth and good wontons but I could do without all the bean sprouts. They also had shrimp noodle soup, pho, and miso soup. I had a bite of one of the sandwiches, which was pretty tasty. I didn't try any of the sushi, other  Asian food, BBQ, or salads, but they looked pretty good as well. For dessert, I would recommend the chocolate covered strawberries and cannolis! Super yummy!This was the only buffet that I went to while in Vegas so I can't compare to any others. But I would say that it's a pretty good option if you're staying at TI and don't want to walk to another buffet and pay $30-40+. This one was only $25 I believe and you can get a coupon for two for one, which is a great deal!
1	Gross. The food was pretty disgusting. The waiters were very attentive and friendly, but the food was pretty horrible.  I ate at the TI buffet back in February and it was fairly decent for the money.  I was in Vegas this past Sunday and couldn't believe how disgusting the food had become.
1	First impression of food selection = 1 starFirst impression of service = 1 starDON'T EAT HERE! We paid $42 total for 2 dinnerIf not because the show Cirque du Soleil - Mystere (about 4* show), it would NEVER eat here.DON'T... WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY with this buffet, it sucks big time
5	5 stars to my first Vegas buffet! I got a 2 for 1 buffet by staying at TI and for $30, my girlfriend and I enjoyed a lotttt of food for dinner. We got there around 6:30 and were very surprised there was only 4 people on front of us. I personally had Chinese, Seafood and BBQ plates and all of them were great. The chef who made pasta for my girlfriend was very friendly and professional. Oh and the dessert section.... amazing.Our waitress provided great service and we left very pleased. Excited to return next time for maybe some breakfast or lunch.
2	I was staying across the street at the Wynn and my post-Disneyland Half Marathon legs weren't really up for a lot of walking, so I suggested we check out TI for dinner. I think the buffet at Treasure Island used to be called Dishes or something and I remembered it being pretty good. Unfortunately, "The Buffet" as it's now known has declined quite a bit in quality.First, all of the meats are pre-sliced which is crazy. The slice of prime rib that I randomly suggested was totally dried out and starting to turn grey. The turkey fared a little better, but gravy rescues pretty much everything although either the turkey or gravy was very salty. Speaking of salty, I was curious to try the pho which was, you guessed it, super salty. There is no salad bar here and instead you can get various salads made that looked really good - too bad no one was manning the counter. And finally, the most ridiculous thing of all was the pre-scooped ice cream in dishes which had melted into a soup. On the plus side, the crab legs weren't bad and I enjoyed the mini donuts and chocolate covered strawberries.I hope this buffet gets their act together soon. Sightly unrelated, but this was my first time at TI in a long time and I couldn't stand the smell of the casino! They pump some weird coconut sunblock smell all over the place which is way worse than stale cigarette air. Yuck
4	Before our trip, of course I read reviews of the restaurant choices at TI so I was a little scared to eat here. But since we were staying there & had a BOGO 1/2 off coupon  - we tried it. The coupon was for lunch starting at 11am, and we got there a little after 10:30am - but the hostess asked who I believe was the manager (he actually looked like a bouncer/security guard) and he said it was OK ... yaaaay!The food selection was pretty good - I was surprised to see spam nigiri sushi and of course I grabbed one! The breakfast foods were good - omelette & crepe station and tons of desserts! Because we came right before lunch, the food was changed out while we were still there so my BF got to sample their lunch offerings also - I was too full to have any more.So yeah ~ I was scared for nothing and was pleasantly surprised by this buffet!
4	If your expectations are low... They will be exceeded. If you are "foodie" you shouldn't be at a buffet in the first place!
1	TINY selection of poor quality, stale food and the waitress who served us had a really terrible attitude and acted like she was entitled to good tipping even though she didn't deserve it. She would often stand by our table impatiently waiting for us to give her tips whenever she came by without even smiling at us once. (what a waste of money and calories!!) I wouldn't recommend ever coming here....there are WAY better buffets to dine in vegas with better quality food, larger selection, and friendlier service!!!
1	Dis-gust-ing! The food was nasty and bland. The pancakes were rubbery; the sausage texture was bizarre- very mushy; the waffles sort of crumbled into a weird dry heap upon cutting...  I could go on and on about how gross it was, but then I would be neglecting the beverages. The coffee tasted like they used dirty water to brew it; the orange juice was a weird flavor- bitter??- and the water tasted like pool water. The Pepsi was, well, Pepsi so I guess that was ok. The strange thing was the line was ridiculously long, the place was empty once inside, and the price was more than the buffet at MGM Grand, which, by the way, we found to be delicious with a wide variety of offerings.
1	We got the 2 for 1 buffet for staying at TI.  We went to dinner around 7:30 and paid 30 bucks including tip.  There were very few food selections. The whole idea of creating your own soup or pasta was a great idea but the food did not taste very good at all.  Food was very bland and didn't seem fresh at all.  I pretty much loss my appetite and didn't enjoy my dinner. Customer service was a mix.  Suzanne H. was very nice, courteous with great customer service.  But Gloria, the hostess that seated us was very rude.  Another negative is there is no restroom inside the restaurant.
4	Pretty good. Not as great as others, but at least I didn't destroy the toilet afterwards.
3	The service was pretty bad. There were these two grouchy ladies dealing with us at the entrance and we have to wait ridiculously long for a table even though the restaurant is almost empty. Then we have to sit as far away from the food as possible. When we ask to sit closer they say no. We ask why and they say no one is covering that area. Seems like they could easily fix that or make one exception, I mean its a buffet. we won't be needing much service if any. Luckily that lady who took our drink orders was pretty nice and came over often to clear our plates and refill our mimosas. The food at the buffet was one of the better buffets I've had in Vegas, definitely better than Monte Carlo's or Harrah's, but nothing compared to Paris or Mirage. I was told Caesar's Palace is the best, but I've never had it. From the looks of it, I'm sure its a million times better than this place. If you want a relatively less expensive buffet where most of the food is tasty and there's a fair amount of variety you might want to go here especially for the mimosa's. We got a great deal from tix4tonight. Definitely check out tix4tonight or a service like it before you go anywhere in Vegas. One really cool feature here is the salad bar, where they make you a salad fresh for you. I really enjoyed the Chinese Chicken Salad. There's also a dessert area that has more choices than a lot of the other buffets, though the execution of them aren't so great. Definitely worth going to for the food, but I really thought the service was the worst out of all the restaurants I went to in Vegas. For those reasons I probably won't go back, but I wouldn't tell people not to go.
4	way expensive but great food service was lousy amazing desserts
2	Okay buffet. I was had a hangover and didnt have much of a appetite. Ate one small plate. We came as lunch was still being converted. Breakfast was all your typical items. Lunch had Pho. Dessert was lots of variety. $23 or so but we was in a group so got hit with gratuity and tax. Came to about $30. One plate for $30. Sounds good haha
5	Used tix for tonight certificate to get $19 dinner buffet, usually $30. Short line at 9 PM Saturday night. Hostess very friendly, seats were comfortable, all you can drink beer and wine for $16 was us what the doctor ordered before our show. Actually, we just purchased one but the hostess was so friendly she continued to bring it enough for the whole table. Service was constantly attentive and friendly. Made to order pasta, pho, soup, outmost abiding. Peel and eat Cajun and regular shrimp were great. Sushi bar so so but passable. Standard selection of carved meats and the usual Vegas buffet fare. Great desserts. Overall taste and value for money is a B+. Highly recommended.
4	Used tix for tonight certificate to get $19 dinner buffet, usually $30. Short line at 9 PM Saturday night. Hostess very friendly, seats were comfortable, all you can drink beer and wine for $16 was us what the doctor ordered before our show. Actually, we just purchased one but the hostess was so friendly she continued to bring it enough for the whole table. Service was constantly attentive and friendly. Made to order pasta, pho, soup, outmost abiding. Peel and eat Cajun and regular shrimp were great. Sushi bar so so but passable. Standard selection of carved meats and the usual Vegas buffet fare. Great desserts. Overall taste and value for money is a B+. Highly recommended.
4	Went this past November 18th for our anniversary.  The food was great.  The service (Pabo) was awesome.  Thank you, Pabo, your customer service is impeccable and speedy, sir.
4	I went here for breakfast and it was the best breakfast I've ever had- made to order omelette and every kind of breakfast food you could eat. I made the mistake of coming here for dinner and it was a total waste of money. I was thinking about that great breakfast and got definitely jipped! The selection was not good at all. The food was just okay.
2	2 for 1 is ok otherwise it's a rip off. I gave a 2 star because it was very inexpensive with the 2 for 1 coupon. The food is just average or sub par to what is offered on the strip.
3	The Buffet at Treasure Island was surprisingly good. Having been to all of the other big name buffets in town, I was a little skeptical as to the quality of the TI buffet. There was a decent selection of seafood which my husband happily raided (he loves crab legs), the prime rib was excellent, and I love that they had a pasta station. Service was excellent and friendly despite the large party we had. They also have an all-you-can-drink option for those of you who want to get the party started early.
4	Cheap and Satisfying!Okay, compared to other buffet options, this place isn't the best, or the fanciest, but it's pretty damn good bang for the buck! I went here on a Sunday night, feeling kind of disappointed for letting my out of town friends pick the restaurant for dinner. However, for 24 bucks, we got a pretty decent selection of food. Absolutely no wait, clean, and pretty good service. My street creds:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
1	We stayed at TI on Wednesday night. We tried using our 2-for-1 buffet voucher on Thursday morning before we left. Surprise! We were told they weren't accepting the vouchers because of the Thanksgiving holiday. What.... the....!????? Very upset!!! We paid the "mandatory' $25 plus tax resort fee, got the voucher, and then they tell us we can't use it!? Ugh!!! :/ Of course we left right away. There's no way we were gonna pay regular price for a not-that-good buffet.
4	**** CRISPY BACON *****We went to Wicked Spoon on a Thursday, I tried their bacon, was disappointed.We got 2 free vouchers for free Buffet, at The Buffet in Treasure Island---Was a bit unwillingly to go because of the reviews on Yelp,But who was going to pass up a free buffet??We got there around 11.Half of the Right was Lunch, The other half Breakfast. Behind, dessert.The Lunch area, was awesome.There was a sushi bar, with all the condiments.Next to it, was Chinese dishes, I really liked their shrimp dumplings,And their Vegetable Spring Rolls were AWESOME.Deliciously crunchy (not soggy) and fresh.They had a customization of Chow Mein and PHO, and other noodle dishes,Pretty cool!!Along that was a Meat Section//Turkey Area.**Some of the Buffets still offer Thanksgiving selections:Turkey, Yams, Mashed Potatoes, Gravy, Corn Bread, etc.They still had an omlette station, but they were cleaning up since we were there between Breakfast and Lunch.They were replacing the omlette station for a Pasta Station! Pretty awesome.So the breakfast they offered was sausages, bacon, scrambled eggs,Potatoes, pancakes, french toast, crepes, some other stuff lol.I noticed how CRISPY the bacon looked, and just thought:"That's how you cook bacon"It was so delicious and crispy, not like Wicked Spoon's chewy bacon. (Don't get bacon at Wicked Spoon or the Kalbi Short Ribs)The dessert area was super cute! I loved it.Tiny desserts.Cotton Candy. Mini Donuts (They have their version of blue berry donuts, it's hella good, and also Beignets!!) They had a strawberry shortcake in a cup,Fancy Fudge, tiny fruit tarts, Dreyers Ice Cream. Different slices of Cakes.I really liked the bacon LOL.Everything else was great, and they give you wet naps for later.
3	We checked in late and got two free passes which we had an hour to use before it closed. It was okay. Surprisingly good: Orange chickenMediocre:Dolmas, crab cakes
2	This buffet was just yuck, the only things that tasted half ok were the mashed potatoes, which were very liquidy (but it had enough butter to save it), the lobster ravioli, and the chocolate covered strawberries.  I really don't recommend wasting time here, luckily it was only about $24/person during dinner and it killed time before our show, but still, I'm thoroughly disappointed.  Flavors is at Harrah's which is a couple of hotels down, that buffet is not the best, but it is *way* better than this one and it had more options.  This buffet really didn't have much and it displayed everything in such an unappetizing way, no effort at all.  We hadn't eaten all day so even some bad stuff should've tasted amazing haha, but I had to force myself to eat enough to be satisfied, womp womp :-(  I really can't recall my server either, so that must mean he or she was barely there because I recall every single other server from our trip.  What's more, where we were sitting, the tables were so close together it was hard to get in and out, I just really didn't enjoy our experience there, like at all, so now I know never, ever to stop in here, not that there's any other reason to be at TI to see Mystere and we did that, so yea I wouldn't go out of our way to come here next time even if I had a coupon!  I went to Le Village at Paris hotel and it was the best, even better than Bacchanal, and with the Groupon deal that seems to be going on indefinitely, it would be the same price as going here, so I'd invest in that and steer clear of here.
2	It's no wonder that they're given away coupons for hotel guest to eat here. Buy one get one free! Great catch right?!It's a buffet restaurant but they make you wait in line for salad. Little food selections for a buffet place. Most of Asian food are spicy which are not kids friendly. Only one soup to choose from (spicy).  Sushi bar is even worth! It taste like they had ordered from grocery store. The rice is hard and nasty toppings.We end up eating beef noodle soup. And the soup tasted like soy sauce!
2	Went in for the dinner buffet. If I wasn't staying at this hotel, I would not recommend going here. Their sushi was mush. They had a soup area where they offered pho, shrimp with egg noodle and miso. I tried the pho, in which the broth was extremely dark and salty. The shrimp with egg noodle was salty as well but the broth looked better.Their crab legs were ok, although I found that to be super salty as well. The other stations they have were BBQ, salad, pasta and fried seafood. None in which were exciting. I did enjoy their mini donuts that they have at the dessert bar.
5	So much high quality selection! Thai, fresh fresh sushi, wonton soup with All the fixings! They had crab legs and an amazing salad station. We got discounted tickets at tix4tonight so for $17 bucks we did well. You can pay double this amount for food at Caesars or the Cosmo but the biggest difference is presentation not tastiness.
3	My favorite was cotton candy & the soup selection: wonton, pho, and shrimp soups. Other than this, everything else was average.
2	Not recommended. I was visiting Vegas with my extended family, and we all wanted to go to dinner together the last night. There were three families, and we all wanted to pay separately (three bills), but sit together as a big group. We were staying at Treasure Island and we had some vouchers for the buffet, so this seemed like a good and affordable option. We had already paid this way at the Flavors buffet at Harrah's without issue.So the lady we paid said the seating would be fine, but the hostess said no. Then she said we should talk to the manager. He told us no, they can't accommodate big parties like that, it's so busy, we would have to wait a long time, we really should just sit separately...on and on. My aunt pointed out that there were some empty tables within view, and a couple sitting nearby was finishing their dessert. Once they left, there would be 12 seats together and that would work perfectly. He was still like "yeah, no...you would have to wait a long time...you should really just sit separately." She explained it was our last night in town and we all wanted to be together, and he suddenly asked "well do you want to pay the gratuity then? There's a charge for big parties." Seriously first we had heard of this, the woman who we paid had not mentioned it.  It was clear we were getting nowhere, so finally my aunt said "okay, we'll sit separately." He sortof rolled his eyes and responded "THANK you." So later one of the servers explained that if we had all sat at the same table in the same section with the same server, we would be counted as one big party, and would incur the large-party gratuity (I think it was 18%). This made total sense and she explained it very nicely- the manager should maybe take some pointers from the wait staff on how to interact politely with people. We told her the manager had been a jerk, and she didn't seem too surprised.We ended up sitting at two tables of six very near each other, which worked out okay. The food was mediocre- my ham was good but the baked chicken seemed undercooked (pinkish red tint to the drumstick?). The mini donuts were delicious, as was the creme brulee. The food was definitely not enough to make up for the rude manager. I will not go back.
2	Let me preface this review by saying that I have eaten at almost every buffet in Las Vegas, including this one prior to my most recent trip.  I'll keep it short; they are going for the "upscale" buffet experience but it just falls short.  The food is VERY hit and miss and a lot of the food doesn't seem fresh/freshly made.  They serve all-you-can-drink beer and wine for an additional cost, which may appeal to some but I didn't do it.  The service was slow and the floor supervisor started bawling out our waitress, who was trying really hard but was obviously overloaded with tables.Overall, for the cost I would suggest that you go to a different restaurant and hopefully enjoy your experience a bit more than we did.
4	I booked had a 2-4-1 coupon and decided to try the buffet at the T.I. It had good food and I got so full by my second plate. There was cotton candy! the only con is that there are long lines for some food items. We enjoyed the Asian food sections and the Italian sections, along with deserts. I always eat fine dinning when I go to Vegas, but after my first time buffet in Vegas, I will definitely go back to this buffet and recommend to family and friends. Our drink server was very attentive.
2	We decided to try Treasure Island buffet as we had received a complimentary coupon from the hotel. I was famished when we arrived, and still, the food was just about inedible. Meats tasted frozen and had very cheap, been sitting around under the heating lamps  for ages, quality to them. We found a hair on our plate. The only redeeming quality, hence two stars and not one, was the dessert bar where the items were not completely horrid and inedible. Staff was pleasant enough. Will likely never come back - free coupons or not. Stay away if you prefer food that tastes fresh and edible.
2	Very disappointing.   Selection of food was not to my liking.  German food?  Wasn't good.  The best section was the BBQ.  On weekends they have prime rib.  My first piece was better than expected so I went back for a second and it was not good at all.  Sushi was very disappointing as well.Desserts were mostly ok but one of the mini-donuts I had was hard as a rock it was so stale.Service was good, they kept refilling my ice tea. Plates were removed quickly.I can not recommend paying to eat here.  I ate here twice for dinner but only because I had free coupons with my room.
2	This buffet was mediocre. We only ate here because we had a coupon from staying at hotel. There was no seafood. I would rather pay more and go to a better buffet that had seafood. After all that is why the buffets in Vegas are so great. They did have a good dessert selection. Cotton candy machine, ice cream and mini doughnuts.
1	Total tourist trap rip off! Food selections are way too small, dry, and not tasty at all. I'd rather have happy meals for money wasted here.There was nothing to "wow" you at this location. Really. Even with a few extra $, Venetian was better choice.
1	Worst Vegas buffet I have ever had...... Nothing was fresh, sushi, crab, shrimp.... Prime rib looks good but tasted dry and tough. The ice cream they pre-scoop it and half of them were melted already (what is management even thinking?!)
3	OK, not the best buffet in Vegas, but not that bad, at least not for Sunday brunch which INCLUDES ALL YOU CAN DRINK CHAMPAGNE! Mimosa time!!!It was only $23 per person and we had a coupon included with the room for a two for one deal so it was already worth the $ to me lol!  Server was awesome, she never hesitated to bring us more and more mimosas. Food was good, all the breakfast items tasted, well like breakfast. Nothing spectacular but for a buffet, it was good. They had quite an array of items, like premade sandwiches, hummus and pita bread, smoked salmon, shrimp cocktail, prime rib, plus the usual foods you'd expect. Dessert, I only liked the chocolate covered strawberries. They did have cotton candy? Strange yet unique and cool.
2	Honestly you're probably a hotel guest if you're staying here and you got a free voucher or whatever for the buffet. Based on the free experience it's decent. I came at 1145 on a weekday and they were sadly getting rid of the breakfast stuff already which is the hardest thing to mess up. Unfortunately, replacing eggs, bacon, pancakes, and potatoes was a BAKED POTATO BAR. And I don't know about you but who gives a shit about baked potatoes. They have tons of toppings, but then again you don't go to a buffet to get a giant baked potato.As for the "regional BBQ"... I have no idea lol I only tried the pulled pork and it was meh. A lot of random, mediocre items throughout the buffet. But again, if it comes with the hotel it's decent. Otherwise I would for sure never pay to eat here. Service was outstanding.
2	Yeah not that great. Very pedestrian. I feel sorry for all the people that have paid to eat here. We typically stay at TI so they give us the buffet for free. Great for free, pretty bad if you fork over any money. Nothing really stands out, a lot of the food has been sitting out so it either gets mushy or dry. All the food is heavy with sauce, cream, breading, cheese or grease. Simply put you feel pretty gross after eating here. If you have the drunchies absolutely DO NOT eat here like I did, I can promise you you'll feel ten times worse.
3	I came with low expectations and only came because they gave us 2 free buffet vouchers.  Weekday dinner was about $25, so split amongst 3 people and 2 free vouchers, it was only about $9/pp which is a STEAL for food let alone buffet in Vegas!  At a certain point, food is food.It's definitely not the best buffet in Vegas as I've tried several, but for what it was, I think it's worth coming for if you're a frugal newly 21 year old or even someone that doesn't care much about food and literally eat to eat AND have one of those 2 for 1 or complimentary vouchers.  Otherwise, don't bother at all if no voucher, not really worth the $25.Towards the left, there was a tiny "seafood" section where they had about 3 different sushi rolls, and some cold mixed salads.  Moving over, there's an assortment of "asian food" (fried rice, chow mein, broccoli beef, orange chicken), a soup bar (pho, dumpling soup), bbq (+ your standard mac and cheese, mash potatoes kinda sides).  Down the line, there's also pizza and a salad bar, and pastas along with a baked potato bar (grilled chicken, mushrooms, cheese, chili, etc) at the very end.  There's also a dessert table of some cakes and pastries along with chocolate covered strawberries at corner right.  If you've been to a Hometown Buffet in California, it's pretty much like that.I only really semi-approve of the pasta and soup bar, and some of the asian foods.  But that alone is not worth the $25, so again, only go here if you have a voucher.
3	Coming in late in the afternoon was not catching the food at its freshest best. A number of items appeared to have been under the heat lamps a bit too long and were just dried out, including the baked chicken, pizza, and bbq ribs. I agree with the reviewers who said "eat here if you have a voucher" or coupon for a major discount, otherwise it's just not worth full price. Nothing was bad but nothing was really great. Good ham, mac and cheese, and corn bread, but that pales by comparison to the variety and quality of what you can get for the same $25 at some of the buffets I sampled on prior visits. Now if only I could remember where those were!  Staff was friendly, however, so no complaints there.
1	This buffet is the worst buffet I even been to. Not talking about the food since most everyone already talk about. The waiter I got was the worst too. We were waiting over 15 mins to order our drinks not sure if they need to hiring more people or some. When we order drinks I ordered HOT TEA for my family and he gave me HOT WATER. And he said that's what I said. So I was kinda confused they don't even have the same sound. And he did not even apologized, all he did just throw the tea bag on table. Food is not that good too, but I do like the pasta.
1	If I could give this buffet "0" star, I would do so in a heart beat.   A total waste of money and time waiting in line because there weren't much to eat.  Luckily, we got it for free from one of the deals online.  Stay away if you must pay for it; not worth a penny.  Go Caesar or Rio for buffet; at least those are decent.
3	We came here with low expectations because I had previously read the reviews....we got 2 free buffets upon checking in. It wasn't too bad actually...the pasta station was good and so were the crab legs. Our server was prompt at clearing plates and bringing napkins. The warm mini donuts in the dessert section were yummy and tasted fresh, I'd most likely return here.
1	The flavor was pretty bland and excruciatingly dry. The sushi tasted off. The one good thing is the dessert counter.  Mini doughnuts had me at hello.
1	There is only one thing I can say.... This is the worst "buffet" I have ever eaten at in my life!   DO NOT EAT HERE!   Even if it's free.... remember, you get what you pay for, there is a reason they give buffet passes out for free when you check in!
1	This was the worst buffet I've visited in a long time. First of all, each type of cuisine only had 3 or 4 selections to choose from and mediocre at best. The pizza tasted worse than a 5 dollar frozen pizza you'd get at the store, the sushi had no flavor, the meatloaf looked like something that was thawed out last week! Overall bad, didn't even try the dessert.
1	Apalling.Probably the worst buffet I've ever had.  Most of the food was over salted, over cooked, and chokingly dry.  The service was hit or miss..  The cashiers were morose at best; our server was very polite and efficient.  I won't ever eat here again, it was a waste of money and time.
3	Cheap buffet with mediocre food. We only went because the hotel provided us with enough buffet vouchers to feed 8 people for almost no cost. The ribs were overcooked and really dry but the pastas, salads, and pizzas were pretty good. I enjoyed the dessert offerings the most. Again, good if you're a guest at the hotel because of the buffet vouchers. If you're not a picky eater in search of a cheap buffet, this might be your place.
1	Would not come back to this buffet again. When deciding to eat at this buffet, we figured that it would more or less be on par with other casino buffets around the same price. I really do not think that's the case anymore. The dinner wait time alone lasted for over an hour, and even the sheer hunger that derives from standing in line couldn't make the food taste much better.
1	The food was nothing special small selection for price. The customer service was horrible ...the floors were wet and I slipped and fell right in front if employees and they just looked at me. They didn't even help me up . I got up fast being embarrsed and no one still came over to see if I'm not even the manger who was hidding from guest . I will never go there again!
3	We would not have eaten here except for the fact that we had a 2 for 1 coupon in our Resort Fee package.  The food is definitely plentiful but not that great in quality.  There was a Southern buffet with biscuits/sausage gravy, chicken fried steaks, etc. that was okay.  But the other meats were very dry and tough (i.e., breakfast steak, ribs).   The pho, however, was great!   There was a huge assortment of food but nothing else super memorable.
3	There are better buffets in Vegas, but for the price of $25 for lunch and you get bottomless mimosas/champagne it's a good deal. The selection is small and the food is nothing fancy. However, if you're looking to try the ultimate Vegas buffet experience, try the buffets at Wynn or Caesar Palace.
2	The only reason I came here was because the TI provided us with a 2 for 1 coupon. The food was over cooked and greasy, and some just tasted funny. The desserts were the only things that we ok, not horrible but not great either. Very disappointing!
1	I wish I could give a negative star....while I was eating here over the weekend a cockroach was crawling on my table.  Obviously I was surprised by this and screamed.  I contacted  the manager and told him what happen. He refunded my money but said it happens.  FYI no it doesn't happen. If the roaches are visiting the patrons there is a huge problem and the kitchen must be really bad.
5	As far as buffets go in Vegas, this one is in my top 3.  Prices are fair compared to other good buffets, service is great, the selection of food is great, and the food itself is outstanding.  I also love the dessert selections, very plentiful.
4	It's so unfortunate that The Buffet has bad reviews, but my experience was great...and I didn't get it for free!  Awesome Selection of all sorts of foods!  I went for the breakfast hour, and they were about to transition to lunch....but I got my breakfast cravings fulfilled for sure.  The pastries were fresh! Eggs and sausage were so delicious.  They even had a sushi section that was fantastic! Their steak was well done, no complaints there.  It was one of the better buffets I've had.  The only thing is that the waiter takes your order for drinks, other than that, you are good to choose anything of your liking, and they had just about anything you can ask for.Polite service.  Overall, great experience, and I would absolutely go again!
1	The food was edible and we didn't get sick, but this was just a terrible buffet. Dried out, bland, and odd-tasting food was unappealing. We wasted our money on this place.
2	The Creme Brulee is the only reason I give this 2 stars.  The Prime Rib Is tasteless and tough.  The Shrimp and Crab Legs were water logged and tasteless.  The Lamb had no taste whatsoever.  Pretty sad that hospital food had more going for it than the Buffet.  I am glad we used our buy 1 get 1. I wouldn't pay full price otherwise.
3	We got two free passes to eat buffet. The lady at the desk was nice to let us use it for breakfast since we couldn't fit in a lunch or dinner. First off its a breakfast with a pretty good selection of choices of food. I was impressed with the mini donuts, the omelet station and the Chinese breakfast. The thing that killed it for me was the egg Benedict. I love egg Benedict but e hollidaise sauce. It was sour. Big disappointment. My boyfriend got scrambled eggs and was not impressed either. Boo. What was good for me was the BBQ pork buns and the congee. A simple Asian breakfast. For a free meal it wasn't bad but if you're paying there are so many other buffets in town to try,
4	Came here with my family and cousins and for the price of this buffet, it's totally worth it.  All the food was really good.  I don't remember the prices exactly, but I remember it was pretty cheap for a dinner buffet in vegas. Yummy
1	I went with three other people and none of us liked it. The food was bland. The server didn't clear the table quickly enough and it was hard to get a drink refill. I would def not return!
1	This was literally the worse buffet food I have ever had and really has no place on the Vegas Strip. The food was bland, poorly presented and of medicore quality. The line layout is inefficient and confusing and the dessert table was like something at a gas stations snack area. Not even worth it when its free.
2	Good price but the food was only so so.  I probably won't go back.  There are too many great places to eat in Vegas to settle.
4	For the price (free,  after attending a time share presentation), this was a great buffet and show package. The printed price on the ticket was $16 for dinner and included tax and tip. The line to redeem the voucher was VERY VERY VERY LONG!  MANY customers were complaining and saying things like,  "If we were at the Bellagio,  we wouldn't have to wait like this"; & "They have only 2 clerks and they look like they are college students"!  I was worried that I wouldn't have time to eat before the 9:30pm Mystere show,  but the polite, calm young man assured me that the buffet closed at 10pm. Down the hallway was the "short" buffet line.  I peeked inside and saw quite a few empty tables. ..okay. ..  As soon as I got my table,  I scouted out the food: BBQ station,  Pasta Station,  Baked Potato Station;  Asian Section; Salad Station; Dessert section & a bar!Due to limited time, I had to skip the pasta and potato. I had a rib...it was ok. I had the pepperoni pizza, Unagi & maki sushi - good!  The made to order Cobb Salad was great!  The dessert (creme brulee,  chocolate covered strawberries,  soft coconut macaroons,  & fresh mini donuts) was fantastic! I saw the fryer for the donuts so I knew they'd be yummy! If I had a bigger tummy and more time, I would get the red velvet cupcakes, the peel & eat shrimp,  the made to order pasta, the won ton soup, pho, fresh fruit and cheese. Guess I will have to return!
2	Not impressed! Over priced for the quality of food and the lack of selection. We went for lunch and all I can say is I wish we didn't. The only good thing we found here was the desserts. Do yourself a favor and get a nice meal for the same price.
1	Oh man...big mistake...ruined my last dinner in Vegas.My party went over to Caesars Palace, but after seeing the price of $50 a person, they opted not to go (even after I offered to pay for the difference, wth?!). I was super excited to try the renovated buffet. A person who shall remain nameless suggested this place. Since we were all staying across the street at Palazzo,  why not?Meat undercooked, "freshly made ramen" that tasted worse than Cup of Noodles. No meat options. They even ran out of Salmon sushi 3 hours before closing. It's true,  you get what you pay for. We saved 25 a person but we missed out on a potentially great dinning experience. "Be true to thyself. .."
3	You should by no means go out of your way to visit the Treasure Island Buffet, however IF you are already here and don't feel like going to another resort or you got one of the 2 for 1 coupons they give hotel guests, then it's not all that bad.The buffet does have it's highlights: the lobster ravioli from the pasta station is very good, the pizza is decadently cheesy and tasty, and the cupcakes are downright delicious, especially the red velvet cupcakes.  PRO TIP: grab an extra cupcake at the end of your visit and pretend like you are eating it on your way out, then save it for later.Honestly, there isn't anything terrible about the buffet, but I can understand how those paying full price feel like they can do better as the selection does feel limited compared to other buffets.  Our server was outstanding, even if all he did was get us drinks.
3	this was my favorite buffet on the strip.  Decor was nice, tables had servers and it felt high end for a buffet. Visited for dinner. The deserts were fantastic they even had gluten free options (although those were a bit dry) the staff was pretty unfriendly,  Our server was not very nice and seemed irritated he had to refill our drinks and pick up our food.  The dessert chef was kind of elitest but who cares, the food totally made up for it.  Pasta was incredible, pizza wood fired, sushi and crab leg options as well.  I wanted to visit Caesars Palace but the price was a bit high and we ended up here. Only reason this got a 3 star was due to the staff, most looked like they hated their life and hated their job more.
2	We have tried the breakfast and dinner buffet and neither one is really special. They aren't horrible, but they are definitely not worth any extra effort to try.  If you are staying at TI, the buy one get one free is a good deal, but I wouldn't even cross a street to get to these buffets if I didn't have to.Overall, if we are staying at TI and are too lazy to leave, we will most likely visit this place again.
3	This place opens early on weekends! Ate here at 8am on a Sunday before we headed back home. Since we stayed at treasure island, we received a 2 for 1 buffet ticket. $23.99 a person without the buffet ticket. Anyway champagne brunch is what it's called. I've eaten here before and they used to have pho but not today. Sad. But it's good if you're staying at treasure island and too lazy to eat elsewhere. It's also much cheaper than other places. If you're willing to spend $40+ a person for better food, then go elsewhere. This place is only worth it for the early risers and those who have the 2for1 coupon vouchers. Food was boring. Just ham, pancakes, bacon, noodles, etc. Really basic stuff. Dessert was simple too.
2	Some selections are pretty good. Unfortunately though it seems as though some dishes weren't cookies thoroughly. Baked chicken  has blood in it still. I wasn't sure if it was edible at that point. The salmon sushi didn't taste very well either. The service wasn't that great either.
3	Quality and selection depends on the day you go. Weekend (Friday and Saturday) nights offer crab legs that were delicious, and Sunday brunch included excellent eggs Benedict. I didn't go for other meals but heard they were not as good. Still, using the 2 for 1 buffet coupon this is a good deal, and the dessert bar includes cotton candy, which was pretty cool. If you love crab legs like I do, add a star.
5	This is our favorite buffet in Las Vegas!  The pasta bar is to die for...freshly made pasta and sauces of your choice. Even the pizza is fantastic, definitely not your typical buffet. The dessert bar is the BEST we've ever had.  Amazing, rich red velvet cupcakes, smooth lemon meringue pie, dulce de leche ice cream, and delicious cheese cake are a few of our favorites. A little pricey, but worth it! Make sure and go hungry!
2	Thank goodness I had the 2 for 1 voucher for staying at this hotel. Otherwise I would be pretty upset for paying $23.99 for the measly selections they had. I mean I am not even too happy paying 1/2 of that for what they had but if im comparing to what I would pay eating at a sit down restaurant then fine, Ill give them that.All I saw was like 2 different salad bars? They barely have much selections already and you need 2 different salad bars? I mean they had different types of salads that they would mix for you making it fancy and all but really...2 different salad bars?The kind of selections they had was not much different than your traditional hometown buffet or golden corral buffet chains. Ok fine, maybe their pasta selections made to order was better but that's about it. The dessert was not much better either. All I saw was a lot of pies and small donuts (cinnamon sugar, powder sugar, chocolate and maple). Their ice cream was half melted when given to me. Thats gross. Only best thing there was creme brulee which they used actual vanilla bean and torched sugar fresh so the top layer was nice and crispy.Service: Our server came by once to give us our drinks and that was that. They collected our plates quickly but no refills on drinks or even asked if we wanted a refill.Unless I have no other choice, I wouldn't go back.
3	Good food. I had breakfast and dinner both were solid!I wouldn't recommend it unless you have a coupon. Unless you can eat 30 dollars worth of food you'd have to throw 30 dollars worth away to get your money's worth lol.
4	Great place to go when you have a hangover... The pho was amazing. After a long night of partying with friends we needed to recharge our batteries.. Best pho ever..The staff is questionable at times though..  one gal that works at front is very unfriendly and doesn't care who knows it..  otherwise 5 stars
3	Average buffet.  Definitely not the best on the strip but not the worst.  We got complimentary passes, so we didn't mind.  Service was very friendly though.  One thing I did like was the fresh made donuts in the dessert section.  Also, the pasta station.  Lobster ravioli with shrimp was good.
1	Very weak in terms of service and food at a too high price.  Bizarre attempt at including american and asianPass it up
1	very expensive for shitty food lmao. Theres hardly any variety and its so small! i recommend any other buffet than this
2	Tons of food choices, but the taste was gross! Was given free buffett for a bday. Luckily....
3	Not impressed. Their sushi was 7-11 grade and we wasted a lot in tasting things that were pretty bad. Highlight was the BBQ section but even that was just ok. Not bad with the 2-for-1, but wouldn't pay full price. Service was good, although it bordered on uncomfortable hovering. There was a full 'German Section' which was interesting, pretzel rolls and jagerschnitzel(?) which were pretty bad. Desert was decent, ice cream, tarts (sub-par) and cotton candy.
1	The wait staff is lovely.  I wish the same could be said for breakfast.  We only went to this, and then because it was free.  I would not encourage anyone to pay for it.  We always joke... Who can screw up eggs?  TI, that's who.  Runny wet scrambled eggs two mornings in a row.  On a good note, the zucchini bread was yummy.  Fruit was good.  Hot things... Not so much.
1	I came in expecting to be rolled out in a wheel barrel afterwards but instead I left with my stomach as empty as a hot air balloon. I swear the head chef downloaded the first recipes he found off of Google and used a starving dog to taste the food he cooked. The food was horrible at best. I would never come back here.
1	Terrible, only had it because we had a free voucher! The food was stale tasting, the flavor was either stale or over seasoned. Some wasn't even hot anymore
2	We only dined here, because we got the free dinner voucher upon check in.When we came we upgraded to free, wine, beer, soft drinks and sparkling wine, for like 12.45usd each (CHEAP!) We had full value for that, but I must say that the waiter were acting like the beverage in the bar, was his own. The service was close to lousy - the food was below average, and the place were crowded with people who filled more on there plates, than their body weight, which was a bit repulsive....We just had fun with the free drinks, before heading on the Las Vegas nightlife :)Did not go back the other 4 nights we stayed in vegas.
3	We are lunch here one day on a business trip. There was a huge selection of food and it was all really tasty. My favorites were the orange chicken and the French silk pie. The Italian selections were just okay.
4	This buffet is so amazing but they have a variety but is not that much different from their lunch to their dinner options. The place is elegant and nice and desert is bomb! But other than that I don't think it should be $20 to eat there. Your better off getting there shortly before lunch ends and dinner starts to get all stations.
4	Ate here twice (dinner) during our last stay. I would say that is is above average at a price that is lower than average. Good food and good variety.  Clean and good service. I will definitely eat here when I go back.
4	This buffet was really good. I wasn't expecting much because I read some negative reviews. Almost everything was good with the exception of the sushi station, that was not very good at all. The pasta bar was amazing, and the dessert was very good too.
2	We had breakfast at the Buffet.  I figured breakfast is pretty difficult to mess up.  Paid $40 for two of us.  There was no fruit.  The coffee and juice were horrible.  The pastries were bland.  The only reason I gave it two stars is the omelet bar.  The chef was working his butt off and my omelet was pretty tasty.
5	I don't quite understand why this buffet has such poor star ratings. Food was great, they have a great variety of food to choose from! I would recommend future treasure island guests to give this buffet a shot, regardless of the poor star rating! :-)
2	After having a great dinner experience at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace the night before, I hoped that breakfast at the Treasure Island buffet would be just as great. To my dismay, that was not the case.-2 stars because I really wish that there were more choices available. There were mostly breakfast food, dessert, vegetables, sushi, and some variety of meat. The only fruit that was available was watermelon and maybe some oranges. But I guess that's what you get for $17.95.+1 star for the omelet bar. That was the only food that was actually pretty decent. The quality of the eggs and other ingredients was just about as great as what you would get at a typical breakfast place. It didn't make that much of a difference just because you're in a casino buffet.-2 stars because there wasn't else much that was really appetizing. There wasn't much taste to the bacon or the powdered eggs. I tried so hard to enjoy the eggs benedict, but the bread was too stale.0 stars because service could have been a lot better with attention to our table. Bottomless mimosas were good though!I will definitely try somewhere else for breakfast next time I'm in Vegas.
2	I was there for dinner on a Thursday night. This was the blandest, most boring food I've had in Las Vegas. Seriously, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. And the line and the grill station was ridiculous. It should have been a sign to the management that they needed to add another line for the food, or increase the staffing. We're talking about food that is already cooked and portioned, so there should be very little time spent getting it. But it was the only part of the place with any line, other than the line to get in. I ended up giving into hunger and went to the pasta line instead and had pasta primavera. But it was terrible. it was oily and flavorless. It had literally four pieces of vegetables in it. And I saw him prepare it for me. Yet by the time I got back to the table it was already cold. How is this possible? Cold plate, very briefly cooked food. There was no sour cream at the potato station. Ask for it and someone will carry a blob of it on a spoon from the kitchen. The salad bar requires you to ask someone to scoop the ingredients onto a small plate. The result is unappetizing. All the ingredient bins were picked over and the quantities given were miniscule. The resulting salad was terrible. And they were not very friendly. And no, I was not complaining or being difficult. They were just flat and unresponsive people.On the upside, I did not get food poisoning, which is the only reason it gets two stars and not one. I recommend going the food courts over this dreck.The one positive thing I have to say about the experience is that our server was friendly and pleasant. But everyone else was misery.Whomever runs this place should be replaced immediately. They do not know how to run a pleasant place.
1	the worst buffet I have ever had in my life, boring food, looks like university cafeteria. taste nasty. not worth the penny I spent here.
1	Don't go! Even it is free. You will get a free buffet for two if you stay two nights or more. Great way to get you in, but since no cost to you, the food sucks. The buffet setup is make sure you have to wait in lines for everything, or ask someone for a simple salad. So, longer line, less people to get in and cut down the loss. In other words, free coupon, but we don't want your business. You have to wait to get in and wait to get food. SMART !
1	The pasta and omelet stations are the only things worth eating here. With all of the wonderful  food options in Las Vegas, I am surprised this place can survive with their subpar food and high prices. The staff is tired and hagard. The Buffet Island could really use some customer service training. I feel sorry for the friendly hosts who have to act as though you are in for a mouth watering experience eating at this school cafeteria quality place. Avoid unless you have free passes.
2	NO. Do you wonder why they're giving 2-for-1 vouchers out left and right? We did. But we went anyway. The food looked unappetizing as soon as I stepped out with an expectant empty plate. I got food anyway. It was unappetizing to eat.The only thing that was slightly decent was the dessert, but when you've already lost your appetite from trying to eat the main food, even those redeeming qualities are small in comparison.Save your money and head over to a more reputable buffet in Vegas!If this was my first Vegas buffet experience, I would never want to try any of the others.
3	We stopped by the buffet at Treasure for dinner before going to the Cirque de Soleil show. I'd never been to a casino dinner buffet before so I didn't really know what to expect quality-wise. I walked around & first got a plate of their "American BBQ" items. They seemed very bland so I decided to try again. Meh, not much better the second time with the pizza & other small items.I saw a lot of people at the pasta line so I figured I'd give it a shot. This time, I was satisfied. I got the lobster ravioli tossed with mushrooms in an alfredo / tomato-based sauce. It was delicious. I wish I wouldn't found this first because I probably would've just gotten two helpings of pasta! The desserts were also pretty good. There was a large variety and I tried out a few different things that I enjoyed. One of the highlights was the apple bread pudding.Would we stop again? With as much as Las Vegas has to offer, probably not, but it's definitely a convenient/decent option if you're at the hotel anyways.
4	I actually really liked this. After eating at the Aria buffet the day before, where the food and service was terrible, the Buffet at TI was actually an improvement! They don't have as big a selection as a lot of the other buffets but the homestyle cooking is actually pretty tasty. Not sure why so many people dislike the food here because I enjoyed my meal. We're going back tonight to use up our vouchers, and I'm kind of looking forward to it! :)
2	Terrible service the morning we were there. We were seated promptly and told to go to the buffet lines. The server didn't come to take drink orders until we were practically finished, and didn't come again with refills. The breakfast food was OK, not great.
2	This was not the worst buffet I have ever had, but I also was not the greatest. Some of the food was very good but some of it was very dry. The place was clean, the wait staff was friendly, and the desserts... oh the desserts were the highlight!
4	Ate here for breakfast. The decor was nice, omelet bar was super fast and tasty. Not a huge selection but enjoyed all of the items I got. Not sure why the reviews are rating so low. I will eat here again before our trip is over, 2 for 1 vouchers make the choice even sweeter!!
3	We stayed at TI and got a package which included a 2 for $1 buffet and TI is conveniently located and so is the buffet.  Good deal if you are going with a 2 for 1.  Best items on the buffet are the salad bar where they toss you a salad and ask you want you would like in it.  We had the spinach salad with almonds, bacon bits, guacamole, red onions, eggs with Italian on the side.  Hard to eat healthy at a buffet but they had collard greens, kale salad, mashed sweet potato, lobster ravioli and creme brulee as one of the desserts.
1	Wow. This place is bad, bad, bad. I sampled 75 percent of the items, and not one was even decent. Chewy, fatty meat with no flavor, dry, low grade sea food, terrible desserts, and almost no service. This might be tolerable for under $10, but with tax it's almost $30 a person.
2	Ate here twice today as am staying at TI for the weekend and was given several vouchers for the buffet that had to be used M-F. At first i was excited that i got the vouchers and didn't have to spend money for food, which got me excited since that meant more money for drinks! Anyways my excitement was soon gone as i saw the spread for the lunch buffet. I tried several things off the lunch menu and none stood out. I can't complain and say this was the worst food ever but i have a hard time saying it was even mediocre. Dinner buffet was a tad better or maybe i was just a tad more drunk in not sure. The prime rib was a little too well done the lobster raviolli had some sort of crunch that i didn't understand i dunno if it was shell in the filling or what i never could find out.      All in all mediocre i never would have returned the second time if it were not for the voucher.
1	AWFUL AWFUL BUFFET- so not worth the money. Lots of choice but crappy food. Service was also pretty bad.
3	The buffet is reasonable. We came for breakfast.Top notch staff here. Great service and very friendly. Our server was on top of it. Super busy and our server always had a smile. At the omelette bar, the lady behind the grill was working the burners. Not only 1, but had 4 burners going on at the same time!!! BRAVO!!! Tip for you!!! She served with a smile and was working the line super quick. Nothing special with the breakfast items - with your standard items. I ended up getting a steak with my omelette but it was overcooked and hard to cut into. So much for steak and eggs! I also got potatoes, corned beef, sausage, and biscuits and gravy.Food was decent, clean atmosphere and prices were reasonable.
3	Went there for breakfast and dinner.  The best stations are the omlette station and pasta bar. The other stations at the buffet can good to ok, but it depends on what you like and how busy it is. If you have a sweet tooth than you're going to like the dessert station.
1	Worst dinner buffet ever!!!  Awful food, tasted old.  Buffet was a sloppy mess.  Never again...not worth it even with the bogo coupon.  Would give it a zero if I could.
3	Breakfast Buffet on a Tuesday morning. Very good food even had sushi, omelette bar, fruit, granola & much more. We arrived at 10:30 so we were able to eat breakfast & lunch as lunch starts @ 11:00. Great wait staff. And many good things to eat with some not too good things like the dry cheese blitzes & the asiam congi very very salty asian rice. Over pretty good breakfast buffet with home made donuts, with 2 for 1 coupon. $20.00 for two ppl.
1	It's bad. It's so bad that I don't know what else to say. The food is junk. Service is non existent. I left one star because I've had worse buffets in Vegas. This one is not the worst.
1	So.. call me spoiled or whatever.. but this buffet is not worth the money at all. Paid $45.29 for lunch to stand in crowded lines waiting.. and waiting.. for a very limited selection. Fruit was delicious. Dessert was pathetic.Service was great though.
2	We got Mystere tickets and buffet passes for Xmas from our best friends.  We were excited that we would be saving the cost of a dinner.  The food was pretty mediocre and tasteless. Had to wait in along line to get in and then wait in along line to get our food.  My salad was pretty good, but served on a plate so hot it about burned my fingers. I never tried the dessert as I didn't want to eat empty calories that I really didn't enjoy. I can honestly say that our local Native American casino buffet crushes this place.
1	If you're here in Vegas for buffet, I would not recommend this place unless you are staying at TI (and get a coupon) and/or don't want to go out to other buffet places. My party would not have visited if it weren't for the coupons. Food was medicore and there weren't many selections. Not sure how much it is walking in without coupon but I'm sure it's not worth it unless it's $10-$15. Spend your money and stomach space for better buffets in Vegas.
2	I would only suggest coming to this buffet if you are in the area and have one of those handy 2 for 1 deals.  There was a limited selection and the food was just meh.  Not horrible but not great either.There are so many other buffet options in the area that are far better than at TI- and if I had to pay full price I would have been severely disappointed.
5	I love this place I've been here everyday since I've been I'm Vegas. It's defiantly expensive ($25) but all you can eat and it's not like most buffets where I'm from the food is actually delicious!
4	Been here a few times over the years, and I'd say their buffet is surprisingly solid. The goods:Pho- is it authentic viet? Absolutely not! But does it taste pretty decent? Yes. It still has the right taste and they put it together fresh for youSalad station- they make you any salad you want, freshGo around 1130am and you'll still get the best of breakfast and lunch foodsCotton candy!!!!The bads:Asian- not good. Like bad Panda ExpressMac & cheese- flavorless.Food quality is decent and selection is what you pay for. For $22 for lunch, it ain't bad. But I do always love getting cotton candy at the end.
1	The show is great! And that's the only good thing in the hotel!. The buffet was very very poor, not better even than any $10 Chinese buffet. If you think MGM buffet was poor, come to TL to see what's really poor!
1	If it was possible I would rate it a negative number. It was by far the worst food and the worst service we've ever recieved at any buffet in the country. Our terrible service started with our server taking our drink orders as he was tending to an empty table while we were walking by to get food. He was then never seen again up until dinner was almost over. Drink refills were almost impossible to get, so were napkins. I had to stand up to help my self with napkins and utensils that were taken away (after my table had been half way filled with empty dishes). If you are looking for good service or any service at all, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a good meal, this again is not the place for you. The food selection was sparse and every item that was offered was either over cooked, or made from powder. The only saving grace for our meal was the pineapple .. which only had to be cut. Overall this was a very disappointing experience. Save your money and go elsewhere.
