3	A group of nine of us went here on a Wednesday night, the envy of everyone else who had to go to the other restaurants nearby.  Maybe with the jealousy in play, my expectations were higher than they should have been, but I would have thought that for the price and expectations, the service and experience would have been a bit better.First was the table - round tables, especially for large groups, suck.  We were crammed into the table, our feet kicking one another and having to eat like we were preying mantises (think of eating with your elbows glued to your sides).  Second was the service - for a $$$$ restaurant take the ladie's orders first and keep track of who ordered which dish so that we aren't shuffling food around when it is served.Third was the appetizers - the waitress recommended family style and in a compromise we decided to have a bevy of appetizers to share.  However, for a restaurant that recommended family style they were impossible to serve and cut up.Fourth was the drinks - excellent drinks but sheesh this is Vegas, keep them coming!  Be attentive!Now the goods - great food.  I had a veal with salad peppers (gave it a little kick) that was unlike anything I have had before and tasted excellent.  I also had a great apple tart dessert which achieved great balance.  So many desserts are excessively sweet and rich these days; it's nice to have one that is lighter, not so sweet, and showcases the flavors of the ingredients.Also, the portions were well defined.  By no means did I leave hungry, but I was able to have dessert and leave without feeling like a glutton.  I ate everything that I would have wanted to.
5	Right now, it's my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.  The food is just so darn good.  The only part I don't like is having to make a reservation months in advance....but it's worth it.I love how they encourage you to split everything and then serve it in courses...Here are my recommendations:Start with the Antipasto Platter - yummy poopoo platter of proscuitto, cheeses, roasted red peppers, olives...oh so good.  The roasted red peppers alone would be great too.Then, share/sample the Pasta in Vodka sauce and the Meat Balls (huge savory moist meat).They say they are famous for the Lemon Chicken...but we had the Veal.  If you do the above, stick with the Veal Chop with Cherry Peppers.   We did the Veal Chop and the Veal Parmesan (which is also fabulous - so much melted cheese it looks like a pizza)!  But the contrast of the veal chop to the pasta and meatball is really superb!No room for dessert...but go win some money - you're in Vegas, baby!Rao's - please open up a location in Los Angeles.
3	Waited for the chance to get to eat at the famous Rao's, yes I know its not the Harlem gem, but hey it should be the same.  This was our perception.  Honestly I absolutely love the sauce Rao's and think it is one of the best jar sauce out there on the market.  So I mean if I love the jar sauce, then even if I am not eating at the original Rao's the carbon copy in Vegas has to be good, right?  Not exactly, the atmosphere was beautiful, we ate outside overlooking the Caesar pool, the sun was setting and it was really romantic.  They serve you warm crispy on the outside soft on the inside bread and have olive oil for dipping.  Love that!!  The wait staff was very friendly and really took the time to recommend some famous dishes.  OK so they serve family style, which means enough for two to four people to share.  Perfect.  So their are four of us, we order the fried mozzarella appetizer, two Caesar salads, side of meatballs, veal parm and one person who doesn't eat meat orders the pasta with red clam sauce.  The verdict...the mozzarella appetizers was good, sauce thick but not like my Rao's in the jar.  Weird I think...the Caesars classic.  The meatballs were so disappointing.  Rubbery and not flavorful.  Reminded me of the ones that you can buy in the frozen food isle of your local supermarket.  The veal parm wasn't that good either, the breading was too thick and the mozz wasn't melted enough, not enough sauce.  The pasta with red clam sauce looked good and they seemed to enjoy it all.We didn't go for dessert so I can't comment on that, but they do have a store in the front of the restaurant where you can buy Rao's products and cookbooks.  Very cool, but we have this here.  OK so we met this woman who has been to the original Rao's and said that this one is just as good.  Well we had to disagree stating the sauce is nothing like the sauce in the jar, so get this.  She tells us that is because Rao's just uses their name and they do not make the sauce.  Who knew, but have to say that jar sauce is so damn good.  I didn't care who makes it.  So if you want Italian, want the hype that Rao's has become being unattainable in Manhattan then I would say sure make a reservation and enjoy the Vegas but hey you were forewarned.
4	I thought this place was excellent.  Best Italian I've had in Vegas in my year of living here.  The chicken cacciatore was excellent as was everything else.  Service was great and we dined in the Xmas room which was really neat.  Didn't feel like we were in Vegas at all!  A bit pricey though but I'll definitely be back here.
3	I had no idea about the history of the original Rao's when I came here with a group of people for dinner, though one in our party - the one who had tried fruitlessly for years to eat at the original one - was kind enough to tell us about the famed sauce and meatballs. Since he was the one with all the expectations, seeing him finally eat the meatballs and the enormous veal parmesan and not be underwhelmed was nice, as high expectations can ruin that dream meal.  The special seasonal pasta - purses with blue cheese, pears and cranberries in a sage butter sauce - was tasty, though the lemon chicken my friend ordered seemed to be *the* dish.  Our waiter was one of those old school guys, who'd been working at the high end restaurants in Vegas since the days of Frank and Sammy, and he certainly added to the ambiance, since the schizophrenic music selection (Christmas, Motown and a bit of Italian thrown in for measure) didn't do much.And outside a small misunderstanding on the wine order where the sommelier gal opened up a bottle about 4x the price of the one we ordered, it was enjoyable, if a bit overpriced for the food and ambiance.  But hey, it's Vegas, right?
4	We found this place while walking around Caesar's Palace last weekend and we found our way to a gem! We sat outside in the closest table near a public ramp so unfortunately, with 6 girls, we had a lot of unwanted male visits to our table while the guys were on their way into the place. Aside from this, our dining experience was great. The service was wonderful and the food was great. It was pretty big portions and the flavors were awesome. I had the meatballs which had me at bite one. They are the most moist, flavorful, meatballs you will ever eat. Others had some pasta dishes and also the salmon but the highlight of my meal were the meatballs. There were 2 in a dish and each were the size of baseballs. Remember to share when you go here or you won't be able to go clubbing afterwards on your full tummy!
1	One of the worst meals I have ever eaten.  I was well aware of the history of Rao's and was super excited to try this famous food.  The prices were very steep, for lunch and splitting our meal my mom and I still spent $30 each.  The salad was boring and bland, the main course of meatballs and spaghetti was so incredibly boring.  I hated every bite.  We actually were so hungry after this meal we had to run to somewhere else to get another lunch.  Total ripoff and you can find better italian food pretty much anywhere else.  Really, really disappointing.
4	Planned to hit Cut last night  with the gf but she lasted longer in the poker tourney we played in earlier in the day.  i kept waiting and waiting - got close to 10 pm and i couldn't wait any longer.  walked over to rao's ( the tourney was in caesar's ) sat at the bar.Nice looking restaurant - larger then i thought it would be - the place was hopping for a late tuesday night.  Ordered a glass of vino, perused the bar menu and opted for the calamari ( $18 ) and a side order of polpette ( meatballs  - $13 ) the meatballs - basically 2 baseballs.  Very good bordering on excellent - nice mix of meats - beef, pork, veal, a lil romano cheese and parmesan with a basic , but flavorful red sauce.the calamari - which included some shrimp and a whitefish of some sort - not so great, just so -  so .  the wine - a gals of house chianti and a pinot grigio - both good.total bill $52i'll definitely try rao's again when i can partake in the pasta dishes
3	The Sauce on the gnocchi was delicious (pork, veal, beef - how can you go wrong), but the gnocchi wasn't as firm as I liked. The SO had Scarpollini (sp) and she loved it (that is her favorite Italian Dish). Tasted the chicken in it and it was pretty dang tasty.This is classic italian food.
4	Came here with my Mom a couple months ago.   Apparently, unless your name is Regis Philbin, the one in NYC is near impossible to get into.   So we were glad to be able to try the Vegas location.   Very nice and attentive staff.   They encourage ordering several dishes and splitting everything, family style.   We felt like we were back east.We ordered the Lemon chicken, the surf and turf, and a bunch of other stuff.  We basically  just pigged out on everything.   Everything was very tasty.   I'll post some pics.
4	One question that I never did ask the waiters, why are you decorated for Christmas in September?  Odd.A late dinner after Jersey Boys on a Thursday evening means you are practically the only diners in sight.  A hit  for excellant service but kind of a miss on the loud raunchy New York style ambiance that would have made it that much more memorable. Botta bing botta bang, ya know?Superb meal!  Look forward to going back for the famous meatballs.
4	Service: SpottyFood: Above AverageAtmosphere: AwesomeCleanliness: Top NotchMusic: Did not get it......Mafioso wanna be factor: HighService started out a little strained but got better as the evening went along.Music was a little to loud, did not get the music selection for the  type of establishment.......Place looks great, clean and fun.....Food: Octopus appetizer was good not enough food on the plate though, Caprese salad was excellent, Brodo soup was bland, Sausage and Cabbage dish was excellent, Bolognaise was excellent , Vongole was excellent.Server forgot to bring butter with the bread.The wanna be mafioso's were out in full force, it was quite entertaining to watch how the old school get's it done!I would go back and recommend this restaurant.It is a bit over-priced but isn't everything in Vegas!
2	A little disappointing overall.  We tried to book a reservation on the weekend, but this place is full.  On a weekday evening was much easier.  So it must be good.The waiter was really nice, but maybe trying too hard.  There's waiters who you can tell are actually funny and having a good time, and others who sound like their first night on stage at a comedy club - complete bomb.anyways, we ordered the new york steak, salmon, and veal.everything was drenched in olive oil.  i'm sure it was a high quality evoo, but everything pretty much tasted the same - olive oil with tomatoes and capers.the new york steak was by far the best dish.  A good cut of beef.veal was okay, and the salmon with crispy skin would have been good had it not been of the overly sour tomato sauce and overabundance of capers (or whatever those were).Maybe we just ordered the wrong items, but we not not impressed with Rao's at all in terms of food.  Being in Vegas and at Caesars, we knew what the price tag was going to be.  So "value" didn't even figure into the 2 star rating.
5	This was definitely a memorable meal.  I loved the veal parm so much that the wait staff thinks I might have set a record for fastest time to finish it.  I paired it with a barbera wine.  That was perfect.  Dessert was a chocolate and peanut butter creation that I still had room for.  It's not a cheap place to go, but worth eating at once during a trip to Vegas.
5	The absolute best place in vegas for italian food.  Where to begin?  At the beginning I suppose, right?They make a pear and gorgonzola stuffed tortellini's that are the best.  Served in butter with pine nuts.  Wow.Another winner is the "Pepperoni Arrostitti", which are Roasted Red Bell Peppers, Tossed with Golden Raisins and Pine Nuts.  Incredible.The pasta is perfect.  I recommend the Orecchiette, because I like the idea of eating little ears, aside from the fact that its entirely delicious in san marzano tomato sauce.As a main course, you have to try Uncle Vincent's Lemon Chicken.  Don't ask why, just try it and send me a thank you note later.  Another main course you need to try (but maybe not at the same sitting..  maybe) is the Pollo Scarpariello (Chicken Sauteed with Hot and Sweet Italian Sausage and Yellow and Red Bell Peppersin a White Wine Sauce).  Try it, send me a thanks later, same place.The meatballs?  What does one say about perfection?  When I went there, the waiter brought us out a couple meatballs without us asking for them.  I said "We didn't order these".  He said "Try them.  You don't like them, they're on me."  Well, they were gone when he came back 20 minutes later to check on us.  Enough said.The Italian Ricotta Cheese Cake is sweet, but not too sweet, as is the Cannoli.  Both go perfect with the coffee, espresso, or some anisette.  You really can't go wrong with this place.And why is it decorated like Christmas all year round?  Because the previous owner one year decided to leave the decorations up after the holidays, and never took them down again (at the NYC location).  Its in tribute to him.  Oh, and if you see a huge ox of a man at the front, thats Tiny.  Say hi, but be nice.  The desert is a big place my friend.
4	yo! what an awesome place for dinner, especially convenient when you're staying at ceasar's palace tower. our initial attempt at getting a table failed terribly which meant we had to settle for an 8pm reservation - two hours of more gambling and drinking before dinner (empty stomach) sure doesn't help. anyways, I had the fusilli con cavolo e salsicce (basically fusillii pasts with pork sausages in a red sauce). i loved it, great filling food to combat all that alcohol already in your stomach. We ordered a few meatballs and the waitress was quite literal when she said baseball sized!eat up here especially when the office is pickup the tab, otherwise spend you money on the crap tables...
4	We ate here with some of my boyfriend's hometown friends. The food  was pretty decent, all fresh-tasting Italian. The vodka pasta the other couple mostly split was well-seasoned and wonderful, but not really worth the price tag. The steak with warmed tomatoes, one of the veal dishes, and a broccolini/sweet sausage pasta dish rounded out the meal...all very good dishes, but nothing outstanding or really that memorable. I love Italian food and pasta, but Rao's was a tad overpriced. The portions were large, but the 4 of us opted to share everything "family-style," to taste more dishes...which I also HIGHLY reccomend. I think if we had all picked one dish, we either would have been bored, disappointed, or spent too much and had too much left over to order courses. The waiter was extremely knowledgable about the food, restaurant, chef, wine, etc....but he was sort of obnoxious and in our faces and too much....It was also a little strange to me how much information he went on about...at a nicer place like that, to just assume all of the diners were idiots with an utter lack of food knowledge was a little strange. The waiter often explained dishes and items to us, like describing the different levels of doneness for steak, explaining that broccolini is bitter, etc...I think maybe a different table of people might have loved his comments better, but oh well. All in all this place was just ok, not somewhere I'd bring friends in town to, but I would absolutely eat here meeting people.
4	Well i gave this place four stars because it was pretty decent however I am not rushing back. I heard so much hype about this place from New Yorkers and people in Vegas and while I enjoyed the meal it is way overpriced. $30 for spaghetti and meatballs....give me a break. It has nice ambiance and will make you feel like your eating in Harlem...but there is better places in Vegas than this spot. I give Raos a 85/100
3	I was so disappointed. I'm still disappointed. This place was supposed to be the best Italian food ever and quite frankly it wasn't. I like the layout of the place, its beautiful and the people that work here are awesome, but my expectations were so high for the food to be so low. I would come back though. I dont know when since there are so many other restaurants to try in LV, but if this was one of the only places open on a certain day then yes count me in. I don't even remember what I ordered. THAT is a bad sign. Their bread was tasty though.
3	good food, but unfortunately nothing amazing. my friend and i split meatballs as an appetizer and I was definitely disappointed. as awesome as it is to eat a meatball the size of a baseball, they just seemed dry and bland.service was really good, as was everyone's entrees, so this wasn't a lost meal - just a sad display of meatballs.
4	3.5 stars.As I have not dined at the original Rao's in New York, I am uncertain of that restaurant's mood. The design of Rao's in Las Vegas resembles a steakhouse, a neighborhood bar, and an old family restaurant, with dark cherry walls, white table cloths, signed photographs on the walls, and a gaudy bar awkwardly situated in the middle of the dining space. The selection of breads was uninteresting, but leavened by the intensely fruity, clear, beautiful olive oil at the table. The risotto with shrimp was a stellar rendition of the dish, though it released too many droplets of butter in the bowl as we lingered. The shrimp with spicy tomato sauce was visually stunning, with splashes of crimson gracing five gleaming tails, but the seafood was tough and slightly overcooked. And, the housemade sausage, traditionally but nicely seasoned, had a welcome, coarsely ground texture, but could not enliven its accompanying orecchiette and broccoli rabe. However, the service was impeccable, and the wine pours were generous. Sigh.
4	First of all, let me say that the proper rating for this restaurant is 3.5 stars: 3 stars for the food, and 4 stars for service. Since good service is much more difficult to find than good food I finally decided to give it a Yelp rating of 4 stars. But I had to think about it for a while. Actually, I would nearly give it a 5 star rating for service. The staff was unerringly friendly and helpful, and we only had to wait a few extra minutes for our table even though the person who had taken our reservation had failed to note that the leader of our party had requested a prime window seat (which we received, by the way) when taking the reservation. Our waiter met my acid test for service: to wit, after we had received our beverage or food for each round of service (i.e., cocktails, appetizers, main course, etc.) he would stand close by and watch for us to finish or call for him. I had only to look over my shoulder and he would be at my side, awaiting instruction. The service lacked only that extra, almost extrasensory anticipation of need that is the hallmark of a truly great dining experience worthy of 5 stars. We ordered several appetizers to share. The Mozzarella in Carozza was nice but nothing to write home about. The Fritto Misto di Mare was quite pedestrian. The grilled octopus with broccoli raabi was tasty and nicely cooked, but could have been better seasoned. It was, however, accompanied by some very tasty braised cipollini onions. We also shared a Caesar salad which was . . . how can I put this . . . just a Caesar salad. I had the grilled lamb chops as a main course (can't remember the Italian name). They were perfectly cooked (I told the waiter to leave the degree of doneness up to the chef, and he did a good job), the meat was of a good quality and presented in a very nice balsamic vinegar reduction, but the accompanying roasted potatoes were pretty nondescript. Our hostess had risotto with shrimp, which was perfectly cooked though unimaginatively seasoned. My friend and his wife split the Salsa alla Marinara and an order of meatballs, subsequently expressing bitter disappointment. The sauce for the pasta was quite average, and the meatballs, while of a nice consistency and heft, were rather bland. We were quite full by the end of the entrees, and ordered no desserts. The overall ambiance is simple but attractive. I can think of any number of places I have been to that are just as nice. The bottom line is that if you come to Rao's expecting a transcendent dining experience, you are bound to be disappointed. Whereas a great deal of the allure of the original Rao's lies in the insane difficulty in getting a table there in the first place, the food at the Rao's in Las Vegas is just of slightly-better-than-any-other-red-sauce-Italian-restaurant quality. Accept this fact, enjoy the ambiance and the service, and you'll have a great time. Expect any more, and prepare to face the awful truth that is dining on The Strip.
3	We decided on Rao's because we were on a deadline and Mesa Grill was way too packed to wait for a table. The pasta was cooked perfectly, the salmon was good, the meatballs were pretty good. But that's all it was, just good, nothing spectacular. Definitely not worth the price either. I will say though, that they have the most amazing bread basket evar. You have your long ones, your regular ones, your flat ones, your crispy ones, oh so much fun!We sat at the bar because we didn't wanna wait 30 minutes or so for a table and I kept getting these weird vibes from our bartender/waiter. Like he'd pause and stare at us after each request, like we had just asked for something unreasonable. Probably because we didn't order any drinks. Lame, let me enjoy my dinner in peace without your condescending looks, old man! Anyway, I wouldn't come back here, as there are far superior places to eat in Vegas.
4	I'm not a fan of italian food.  that's well-known, except for the italian pizza, the kind you get in europe, to which I have a disturbingly obsessive  predilection.  so...that said, this place was fun.  the food wasn't so bad - the wine was good, my friends were hilarious, we had a great time.  isn't that what you want from a restaurant anyway?  it cost $120 a person and my table had 2 bottles of wine and two rounds of cocktails for 6 people ....so that's pretty good for drinks in vegas.
3	Sunday supper before going to watch a show we all gathered for our last meal in Vegas. I'm not sure if i just wasn't in the mood for italian or if the decor just got me down. The wife and i ordered the filet mignon and the fried mozzarella. The steak was cooked perfectly medium, with a tasty risotto (although a little salty).The decor seems like a cheesy pizza joint with all the pictures on the wall, and the place seems centered around their bar.
3	Do people even realize what Rao's is in New York?I had to try Rao's in Las Vegas because the chances of me actually eating at the NY location is slim to none.  First of all, the Manhattan location doesn't accept reservations (calling their number is hilarious - basically a thank you for calling but go away message).  Secondly, I don't know any mobsters.  My chances of actually getting Regis Philbin to invite me is slim (though oddly enough, I think this is my only likely hope).  Lastly, I can't pony up enough $$ to actually buy myself a table there (one of 11 I think), that would be if one actually became free, which would never happen.  Then there are the logistics of eating at Rao's - since they are in the Hood, and you have to hire a car service to wait for you while you eat, or have someone drive your car and wait or something...   In short, Las Vegas will have to be a flimsy, Disney-fied, substitute to experiencing the real thing.  The first question I had was, how could they open such a large restaurant, with so many tables and translate the experience from New York to Vegas?  The answer - Since no one has actually eaten at the original, it doesn't matter.The decor is upscale pizza joint like, red and white checkered tableclothes and lots of photos of celebrities who apparently have made it in to Rao's.  I ordered the stuffed zucchini blossoms that were stuffed with cheese and anchovies and deep fried.  It was salty and gooey goodness.  At any Italian restaurant, I like to order either a bolognese or a red sauce type pasta, as I think it's a barometer to how good it is.  So, I had the rigatoni with red sauce and pancetta.  I have to say, it was very good, but not out of this world exceptional.  The meatballs didn't disappoint - moist and tasty.  The service was very attentive - I think they imported some characters from New York to add charm.  It worked.  Overall, the atmosphere was an upscale but down home Italian American restaurant.  Here it seems like the recipes were handed down through generations, and there is lots of care taken to make solid dishes.  You won't find the food complicated by new fangled things like truffle oil and flavored foams.  I think it's exactly this which keeps Rao's in New York exclusive and packed every night with loyal diners, and they were successful in recreating (some of) the moment in Las Vegas.
3	Just another average Italian restaurant for me. The meatballs were alright not spectacular. Everything else was just alright for me. The place is very nice and the decor is quite elegant. Service was better than average.
4	I have waited to give this place a second visit before writing a review, because the first visit (Jan 09) was so stellar that it was almost too good to be true. The second visit was a little more than a solid 3 star (especially when considering the price), so I think I'll be generous with the average and maybe give this place one more shot before moving on to other high-end dining in Las Vegas. In fact, I was just in NYC last month, but I didn't even bother to call Rao's as I knew it was futile.....I was geared up for my trip to Las Vegas in the coming weeks.As mentioned, the first visit was phenomenal. The service was almost too attentive, our waiter told us about the history of Rao's (I grew up in CT, kinda of knew, but not really), gave us an excellent rundown of the menu and allowed us to be unpretentious with our wine choices. Two of us were sat in a booth in a busy, but sociable room off to the left side. We went for the full-bellied Italian order of the Mozzarella in Carrozza, arugula salad, veal parm (on the bone!), with the tomato and ham vodka cream pasta. Oh, and don't forget the meatballs and gravy..... Although we were in a food coma (need to upload picture to prove it), we enjoyed the meal and wine thoroughly (and dreamt about the meatballs for months). We couldn't wait to come again. Our next visit was in July 09. We had a Caesar's concierge make our reservations and dined at a more reasonable hour before 9pm. Although the house was packed, we had a very competent, but indifferent waiter who may have spent too many years in the business to add anything special to the experience. With no other guidance other than "whataya want?", we fumbled our way without an app (no recommendation, no order), warm white wine (I had face my trashy side and put ice cubes in the wine) an uninspiring salad, and somehow, the "parm and balls" just didn't hit the same high notes. After moving to red, we didn't even finish the bottle. Maybe it was the summer season, the heat taking it's toll, the down economy on Vegas, or something hidden, but the place didn't have the twinkle of that first visit. Oh Rao's, if you want America to buy those sauces and pastas now found from Kroger to Shop Rite, you better give people a memorable experience in your carnival sized restaurant. Alas, I'll give it one more try, if I'm not broke off playing craps by the time dinner rolls around that evening....
4	We were at Caesar's already, so we figured this would be a good place to celebrate my brother's birthday. Our group of 8 was quickly seated in a friendly manner. Our server was very friendly, attentive, and sounded just like I would have expected a server at this place to sound. We all shared some of their famous meatballs, which were good, but nothing to write home about. I ordered their famous lemon chicken, which turned out to be perfect. The flavors in that chicken were so unbelievable, I made everyone at the table try at least a little piece. Others at the table ordered the Steak Gorgonzola, the Salmon with Lentils and Tomato Sauce, and the Chicken Scarpariello (chicken with sausage and bell peppers). The sommelier was very helpful, even with our apparent lack of vino sophistication. Everything was very good, but again, apart from my chicken, nothing to write home about...I may have built this place up with all the research I had done on the Rao's in New York, so perhaps another visit will settle it...Expect good food, great service, and a comfortable setting.
3	just got back from vegas, and here we go.  their "world famous" meatballs were tremendously average.  the pasta dish i had was just average, and the appetizer was a glorified mozzarella stick.  their bread with vinagrette/ olive oil was good, but come on here. for what i got and the amount paid, it simply wasn't worth it.  the decor was great, and the waiters great. but thats not why i go to eat, id rather have great food in a dive than crap food in a really nice place.  really, romano's mac grill is more worth it guys and gals.
3	Although I enjoyed Rao's, it's probably a bit overpriced for the quantity and quality of food received. The restaurant is located next to the pool at Caesar's Palace. Finding the place was a bitch. There are three dining rooms, two of which replicate the original vibe of the Rao's in NYC. I'd suggest requesting one of the 'original' Rao's rooms (tons of photos, Christmas lights, etc.) instead of the third dining area near the pool (which isn't very interesting). You enter the restaurant and walk through a great bar area to get to your table. The wait staff is pretty good - but I'd definitely ask for one of the New Yorkers imported to offer a higher level of service. I had grilled zucchini with crabmeat and shrimp which was DELISH. I split an order of lemon chicken (very moist and full of lemony flavor - and a great dish. $24) and penne alla vodka (very good - $20). I'd come to Rao's thinking that the servings would be 'family-sized' but they were really only sufficient for two adults with not much of an appetite. The house Chianti was very good, too. Finished with tiramisu and coffee. Would definitely go back to Rao's even though I'd probably nosh on a few things at the cool bar area.
5	SOOOOOO good The food is authentic and delicious. Vegas is filled with great places to eat but this is a must. The meatball is amazing.
4	After hearing all about their meatballs, I went to Rao's and ordered their Lemon Chicken.  I'm so against-the-grain, you don't even know.The chicken was very good.  It was tender and surprisingly flavorful for something that sounds so "plain" and "boring" next to other Rao's menu items.The service was excellent, especially with selecting and describing their wine list.  My boss is a huge wine snob so our group generally goes through a half dozen bottles at dinner -- I must recommend Rao's Sicilian reds which are tremendous.  Ask your server for a Sicilian that will cater to your tastes.  All of them are excellent.The restaurant, itself, is somewhat interesting.  The decorations are on par with other traditional Italian sit-down places.  A 360 bar serves as the restaurant's center hub, and various large rooms shoot off of this area.  There is a fake outdoor area by the entrance, which is next to a fountain inside Caesars Palace.  This area can get pretty loud so I would recommend against sitting here.  Alternatively, there is a real outdoor area which faces Caesars' pool.  The pool closes relatively early so there won't be much noise from there but you will get some residual sound from the Strip's traffic.Overall, this is a nice place for a nice dinner.  The service is excellent and the food is pretty good.  Oh, and I came back again for the meatballs and even though they were hyped, I enjoyed them immensely.  Order them on the side if you can.
1	horrible food experience!!Appetizer: Fava bean salad with small potatoes and octopus. Overcooked beans and old octopus. If it wasn't masked in vinegar, it would have really reekedPrimi Piatti: Gnocci alla Bolognese. Sauce was DEFINITELY not slowed cooked. If was a overcooked dried minced meet in canned tomato sauce. At least the Gnocci was not over cooked to mushy blob of polenta-like consistency. Even Pasta Pomodoro Spagetti Polpette (which has the same meat and sauce flavoring) is sooooo much better. Which doesn't say alotSecondi Piatti: Pollo Scarpariello. This dish was atrocious. What I received was incredible dried fried chicken with burnt sausages, in mushy pepper stew. It was nasty.The food was horrendous. Had a few bite and gave the rest to homeless man because there was a lot of food left over and didn't want to waste.Not sure why this place is given "the best of Las Vegas 2009"Don't waste your money and time here.
3	This place is ok - for half the price it would be a good place to eat.Mozzarella in carozza - ok - needed more cheese.octopus- ok - needed more lemon and olive oil.orecchiette with rape and sausage - ok but I make this much better.Canoli - very good.For the price, this is no bargain.
3	I ate here during Restaurant Week and had the the fifty dollar tasting menu. Plus we ordered, to share, some additional entree's and app's.To start I had the stuffed crab, which was very tasty and delicious. The shared risotto was fantastic, and finished perfectly with a beautiful-herby stiff cream.  For my entree, I had the lemon chicken, which lives up to its incredible reputation. It was stunning.  We shared a plate of veal scalopini which was underwhelming, but above average, and the prosciutto which accompanied the dish was buttery fantastic.And, yes, we ordered a bunch of meatballs which were amazing.  My Dad makes incredible veal, pork meatballs, and I felt the love in the Rao's composition. Special.  The pasta was, naturally beautiful and cooked to perfection.  Because of its popularity with East-Coasters, I recommend getting a reservation as soon as possible.  I was here on Labor Day and it was booked, I had to bribe my way in, but it was worth it. Recommended.
4	I would say 3.75. Very reliable, excellent flavors, the decor & ambiance is like the one in New York .We usually sit at the bar, or one of the rooms right off the bar. The bartenders and service staff are very attentive and helpful.I always get La Salate della Casa--perfect old school salad: green leaf, endive, fennel, radicchio, red onion, tomato & perfect vinagrette.I also like the chicken, but usually get Orricchiette con Broccoli di Rappe: Sweet Italian Sausage, Broccoli, Garlic. The house Chianti is good, they also make a good cocktail.
4	Best.meatballs.ever!  Rao's at Ceasar's Palace has a great atmosphere and excellent service.  The restaurant is known for its meatballs and lemon chicken; the meatballs are excellent, but the lemon chicken goes a little over-the-top on the lemon flavor.  I could only eat a few bites before I was overpowered.  In all fariness, the server did warn me.  :-)The only reason I didn't give Rao's 5 stars is because our reservation was not written down when we arrived for dinner!  We weren't on the list for some reason, but we were seated promptly with many apologies from the hostess.
4	Vino, pasta & dolci, oh my!For those of you unfamiliar with Rao's, allow me to provide a little info.  The original Rao's is located in New York City.  It is super tiny and IMPOSSIBLE to get a reservation.  I mean, if Madonna and Bill Clinton couldn't get in!  Yes, it's true.  The folks that are privileged enough to dine at Rao's have standing reservations.  Fortunately for us mere mortals Rao's has a restaurant in Las Vegas at Caesar's Palace.  I have been fortunate enough to dine here several times and each time I have been pleased.  My most recent experience was last weekend.  My family and I were seated in the "fireplace" room which is an exact replica of the restaurant in NY, right down to the autographed pics of celebs and important peeps.We ordered family style so we could sample multiple dishes.  My faves were the lemon chicken (so moist and flavorful) and the penne alla vodka (TDF!!!).  Service was spot on.  The host added to the ambiance.  He reminded me of someone straight out of The Godfather.  He was so sweet to my little nephew!  Rao's is not fancy, but it does serves yummy Italian food.  Mangia bene!
4	First thing I noticed - it's October 1st and we're covered in Christmas decorations.. WTF.. just a little odd. Odd decorations aside, the food was good. I was here for a business dinner and we got to try practically everything on the menu as part of this set menu, so please excuse the fact that I don't remember the names of everything I tried!Course 1 :Salad - blahCalamari - perfectCaprese Salad - one of the best I've ever eaten. Their homemade mozzerella was to die for ! Course 2:Smoked salmon pasta: I'm a salmon person but this stuff reeked of salmon. Super fishy. Not very good. Pasta with sausage: Sausage was very tasty. Pasta was undercooked. None of the pasta tasted homemade. Maybe it is but I'm a bad pasta taster.. but if it's homemade, they suck at making pasta. Course 3: Veal parmesan - My fiance's favorite dish of the evening. It was perfectly pounded, perfectly breaded and with just the right amount of cheese. Their red sauce is incredible. Fresh fish of the day - seemed to be salmon again. This time it was well prepared and good. Nothing exciting here, just fish they didn't screw up. Lemon chicken - Way too lemony for anyone at my table. This was served family style and 8 of us didn't even come close to finishing one order of it. Course 4:Canoli - the nastiest canoli ever. Some of us were spitting them out (yes, at a business dinner - it was that gross). It tasted like medicine. NO idea WTF they put in this crap. Fresh berries and cream - hard to screw that up. Apple tart - DELISH. We were fighting over this. The Rao's signature Cianti is also worth mentioning - quite good. We noticed meatballs weren't on the set menu and the server was kind enough to bring us some. These were the highlight of the evening! Best meatball I've ever eaten.. wow. Overall it was good, but I don't get what the hype's about. The NY location must be much better to be as famous as this place is.
2	Incredibly average. Nothing to speak about. They ran out of the veal chop, which half of my table was planning on ordering (veal parm or veal with arugula) the meatballs were fine, the salad was all right, my lamb chops were probably the best thing ordered by my table of 10. The chicken and peppers were too spicy to enjoy, the pastas were sad. I got no feel of the original in Brooklyn and guess that location is full of ambiance and tradition. The Ceasers location is just another Vegas spot with nothing special to offer.
4	the gf is convinced i have a love interest at Rao's - been there 4 times, never with her. She's right - I'M IN LOVE WITH A MEATBALL ! i'm 1/2 italian, been to italy a few times, visited the village where my grandparents were born/raised,participated in many sunday italian "foodfests" with the family so i think this gives me a lil cred, but not much, when i say, it bothers me that they call the meatballs, "polpette" ! I'm sorry, but there are two schools of thought in my family - my godfather ( born in a village outside of naples ) doesn't even acknowledge the meatball as being italian. italian - american ? yes - he agrees . He's my godfather, so screw you, he's right ! He and my mom ate meatballs every other day in america - for them - a product of the Depression - mix in low end cuts of beef/pork with a heap of bread fry then simmer all day in gravy ( as in tomato sauce ) - shazam - meatballs. It was a way to stretch the $$$ When i met some of my family members in the Country - polpette was about 60% pork, 30% veal , 10% beef ( but has changed over time given the cost of veal ) and made into bite size morsels - not softball sized ! at the end of the day, who cares ?!?! it's all about the taste ! and rao's meatballs/polpette taste fantastic ! yes, another pic posting of the meatballs !
4	Outstanding Italian restaurant - New York transplanted to Nevada. You have to at least try the meatballs! The sauce is fabulous and the dishes are wonderful. The service is very attentive and you will enjoy the time you spend there. Go and enjoy . . .
1	Total scam.  $20 for a tiny bowl of spaghetti and marinara.  Anything else is extra.   If you eat here twice, you have way too much money and way too little sense.  Expensive does not equal good.
4	Very good meal.  I started with the Insalata de Mare,which was an excellent seafood salad with chunks of calamari, octopus, crab, lobster, and plenty of shrimp.  Don't expect lettuce, but an excellent light simple dressing.  For my entree, I had Gnocci ala Bolognese.  The sauce was incredible: a perfect combo of their signature veal,beef, and pork combination that goes into their meatballs.  It was so good I ate it with a spoon to get as much sauce as possible.  My wife ordered the Lemon Chicken which was cooked perfectly and served on the bone.  Service was excellent.  For our children, they prepared half orders of penne with alfredo sauce and a pasta with smoked salmon.
4	Not a big pasta guy, Rao's will not disappoint those that love pasta.Got there a little early, had Antipasta and a glass of wine with better half. Just loved it! The cheeses were unbelievable. The wine was good(house chianti) but was too expensive ($16/glass).Generally this is an A-la-carte menu. Be prepared $$$. We ordered the Lemon Chicken. We added the Vodka Penne pasta. And because I cannot resist a good Meatball, ordered one.The chicken was VERY good.  The pasta was good, the meatball was good but the sauce on the meatball was fair. I am not a big pasta guy. You will not waste your time here. FYI, rumor has it that Rao's will be in Miami soon. You should enjoy that!
1	I have heard the old saying  "If you're willing to spend a few bucks in Vegas, you will never get a bad meal".   Well, another  Vegas "old saying" has bit the dust.My friend and I had dinner at Rao's several days ago and it was  baaaaad.   We started w/ a salad, which was pretty good.  But then, even I couldn't screw up a salad.   My friend had the veal milanese which she reported was w/o taste and dry as a bone.  I had the world famous lemon chicken.  The chicken had been marinated so long that it was like eating mashed potatoes.   And the lemon sauce was overpowering and destroyed any taste the chicken might have had before the lemon sauce arrived on the scene.We tried the apple tart for dessert.  It was terrible.  I have had much better ones from the supermarket freezer section.Me thinks the new "old saying" should be "If you're willing to spend a few bucks, you will never get a bad meal in Vegas provided you don't eat at Rao's".
4	Had a good meal here.  They were able to accommodate a group of 10 in need of an accessible table without issue.  The food was good, the numerous teeny biscottis in the biscotti dessert assortment were adorable and tasty, the wait staff was attentive, even the manager strolled through and was checking on every table to make sure people were having a good experience.  He spent a few minutes joking with us and it was great.  The atmosphere was classy but had a vague undercurrent that had a bit of mafia-gangster/Rat Pack type of feel, but that's the undercurrent of atmosphere I had been expecting throughout Caesar's anyway.  Overall, we had a good time, enjoyed the food and service, and would return.
4	Our New Year's Eve Party 2010 started at Rao's. After hearing how hard it is to get into the original restaurant in NYC (there's only 8 tables, and you need to know someone who knows someone - you get the point), we decided that we would get a taste of Italy in Las Vegas.The dinner was a Pre-Fixe Menu that had 3 choices of appetizers, pasta, meat, and dessert for $160 - it also came with a glass of Champagne or a Bellini. I chose the Caprese Salad, Risotto with fresh veggies, Surf and Turf (9 oz filet and 7 oz lobster tail), and we all shared the 3 desserts (the best was the tiramisu).The wait staff was superb, and the meal was very good - but as with most Italian restaurants, there was a LOT of food.  After the salad and risotto, I was already starting to get full, then the main courses came, and they were delicious, but about half way through, I was done.  My wife had the Ossobuco, which was amazing, and super tender.  When dessert was being served, we all needed espresso to kick us out of a food coma, and get us ready for the rest of the night...The best part of the evening was that Frank Peligrino (the owner - also a star in The Sopranos) was there, and we took photos - he also sang in the Live Band that played from 10 until we brought in the New Year.  Most of the crowd in the restaurant wandered out to the private patio and watched the fireworks display over the Strip - it was awesome, and very LOUD, as the explosions echoed off the buildings at Caesar's Palace.Overall, it was a great night, and if I had a bigger appetite, then I would have rated the entire experience 5-stars!
4	they sell rao's marinara sauce at grocery stores. that must means something right?they introduced rao's on the food network, that must means something right?samantha brown went to rao's on her weekend getaway, that must means something right?we celebrated my gf's bday at rao's, that must means something right?we didn't have a reservation so we were seated on the patio, which was a wonderful surprise. the interior of rao's was homey and very intimate. while the patio has a relaxed afternoon feel right next to caesar palace's naked statue water fountain.i enjoyed my two giant juicy meat balls with a side of spaghetti and rao's signature sauce. my gf's orgasmic face after her bite of the gnoggi, explained her opinion of her food... i think...a bit disappointing when i found out they do not offer spaghetti and meat sauce. but i quickly got over that when the owner of the restaurant came out and talked nfl football with me.he was so italian, i started to wonder if he has any association with the mafia... as he shook his fist at me and asked:"how is the... the food da?""how is the... the shrimp pa?"i gave him my positive feedbacks to avoid being stuff in his trunk in a bodybag...but really! we had a great and wonderful experience at rao's.
3	We were inspired to come dine here for one reason, FOOD NETWORK! The Iron Chef Bobby Flay challenged the chef of this restaurant. Overall the food was ok nothing too spectacular like I was expecting. My encounter here was so not memorable that I can't really say much other than the fact the food entree lack of flavor, just heavy seasoning.
2	Quite disappointing.  I was looking forward to trying Rao's for a long time and tonight my wife and I were in the area and decided to go.The two main problems I have with Rao's are the prices and the service.  Took forever for the waiter to take our order, getting our water refilled was a pain, and we had to remind him about our order of meatballs several times.Food was good but flavors were one dimensional.  I had the fusilli with cabbage and sausage, my wife wife had the gnocchi, and we split an order of meatballs.  My pasta was cooked perfectly but the flavor was flat.  Wife's gnocchi were also well cooked but the flavor wasn't much different than my fusilli.  Meatballs were super tender but could have used more seasoning, especially considering it's $15 for two.If you're going to pay this much for Italian food you should go to one of Mario Batali's places at the Venetian.  Food and service are significantly better and I'm pretty sure it's a little less expensive.  Locals, go to Nora's instead - it blows Rao's out of the water.
4	Okay, admission up front, we saw Rao's on Throwdown on the Food Channel too.  That out of the way, we had a very good meal - not sublime, but very good.The insalata de frutti de mare is very nice, everything is very fresh and light, and the dressing was very good.  The gnocci bolognese was very good (probably top dish), and the meatballs were a very nice companion (not the best meatballs I've ever had, those would be Arturo's mama's at Amalfi in Indianapolis of all places, but still very tasty), and then the veal chop was also a very nice finish to the evening.  We also enjoyed a very nice and very reasonably priced bottle of Amarone to go with the meal.Despite some of the other comments, service was very good, even though we were there on a Friday night and it was quite busy (is it never not busy here?).  All in all, a fun evening, and certainly easier than hassling "Frankie No" for a reservation for 6 months to eat in New York!
4	The guy and I took a trip to Vegas recently, and we were very excited to eat at Rao's, especially since we had just seen this place on "Throwdown- with Bobby Flay." We were lucky to get in at all; the adorable host found us a seat int he bar area, which made for a much more relaxed dining experience. Actually, I think I would have preferred sitting there to the main area (or the "outside"); our meal was served more quickly and was way more low-key. I had the salmon pasta which was deliciously fishy and flavorful. My husband pasta with clams which was also excellent. Sure it was pricey, but it is Vegas, and it was so worth it.
5	Amazing dinner! Got seated right away, even at 8pm on a Sat! I had the handkerchief ravioli with a butter sauce and dried cranberries. The ravioli was sprinkled with cinnamon I think and had different cheeses inside. It was such a welcome relief to eat here, you're set aside from all the Vegas noise and the quality was very fresh and the pasta was to die for! Table-side plating made sure everything was piping hot. I'll be back as soon as I'm back in Vegas!
4	This place was a pleasant surprise.  The food was excellent and the service made it even better. I will be back for sure!
2	This was quite disappointing. With all the choices in vegas me and a friend settled on this after seeing Raos on throwdown with Bobby Flay. Needless to say I was so excited to try this but this food at best was average. The appetizer of fried calamari was delicious but than again fried calamari is not the most difficult dish to make. I had the gnocchi which was not memorable and pretty bland and my friend had a chicken sausage dish. The chicken was tasty but the overall dish was just not special.It was an odd combo of chicken,veggies and sausage that did not seem to meld together well. For $90 without drinks I would expect a little bit more especially with so much competition on every corner. Maybe we should have tried Mesa Grill which is in the same hotel because this did not hit the mark.
4	Let's face it. You're never getting into Rao's in New York. But you can get in here. And you don't have to settle! You still get the same great food. You miss out on the tiny, claustrophobic interiors, but that means you get to share second-hand cuban cigar smoke with more people! And the millions of pictures on the wall. And buy the homemade sauce firsthand, that three days ago, i picked up from a dominick's in chicago!Jokes aside, i thought this was a great place. Maybe it had to do with the fact that it was a private hosted reception, and i got to meet the chef and the las vegas owners, the pellegrino sons, and maybe it helped that drinks were on the house.But the history of this place is amazing. And they really look after you while you're eating here. Minute attention to detail, unobtrusive omnipresence (oxymoron time!) - i mean it; our server had a way of refilling our water, topping off the wine glasses, and bringing fresh bread without seeming to hover.I got the ravioli, and it was great. Their sommelier does a pretty good job of walking you through the options without being forceful, so all in all, the meal was great.Caveat, this was pretty pricey. But for an experience that you're not likely to repeat every week, might be worth a visit.
5	Confession.... I didn't eat here.Truth.... I did walk in on Bill Clinton eating in the private dining room and was promptly told by the Secret Service to leave.For the record... He looked like he was enjoying his meal.
4	I was told by my foodie friend from New York to tell the waiter to "take care of us".  After a 3 minute talk about our likes and dislikes let the food roll in.  Insalata di Mare - Steamed Calamari, Shrimp, PEI Mussels, Lobster and Lump Crab Meat with Diced Celery, Gaeta Olives and Parsley.Pollo Scarpariello -Chicken Sauteed with Hot and Sweet Italian Sausage and Yellow and Red Bell Peppers in a White Wine Sauce.Aspecial pasta- Fresh Made Ricotta and Pear pasta pockets  in    Brown Butter sauce.Rao's Meatballs-Traditional Rao's Meatballs Served in Tomato Sauce.Desert was fresh Gelatti.All was very good.  Next time I would skip the Meatballs.
3	Compared to 2 years ago, the service here is way better. They were trying to create hype by making you wait 30 mins for your table. Now they seem to get the picture. Food is above average. If you order the meatballs, make sure you tell them it should come up with the main course and not as an appetizers. It gets cold fast so eat it quickly.  The profiteroles are good but inconsistent b/w visits. Portions sizes have also come down since they first opened.
4	A solid 4.5 in my book.  I ate here with the boyfriend a while back, but this was a really nice place.  We had the lemon chicken and the gnocchi (the special of the day).  The lemon chicken was amazing!  It definitely lived up to the hype.  The gnocchi was great, but after having a bite of lemon chicken, it didn't compare (hence reason the almost 5 star review).This place had a nice and intimate feel, and I definitely felt removed from the rest of the strip while eating there.  All in all, the service was fantastic and the food was great and I would eat here again.
2	Rao's, you suck.For the price, I expected so much more.   The wife and I grabbed a quick lunch here today during my break at the conference.   The four cheese pizza, for some $15 or so, was pretty tragic.   I think I could do better by grabbing a frozen pizza and popping it in my oven.   As for the 2 meatballs for $17, are you effin kidding me?!?!No really?  Do you want me to bend over so you can sodomize me, next?   Because clearly the prices you are charging are exhorbitant!   It's absolutely ludicrous and so not in line with the quality of your food.
4	returned to Rao's this weekend for lunch - been wanting one of their pizza's for a very long time ( not sure why they only serve at lunch time ) roomie and i started with the polpette - gotta have da meatballs !!  is it just me or  are the lunch time meatballs smaller than the dinner ones ?  Still tasted good.We had the Margherita pizza and the sausage and ricotta - big surprise - a little pricey for what you get - prices for the pizza are around $14- $17 each I loved the crust !  the sausage - mixed feeling - ok taste but for a "personal pizza" i say go thinner slices and more of them  - just a personal preference - a lil oregano on the pizza  - i think either add some roasted garlic or  maybe some sauted onions - just felt something was missing.Service a little on the slow side - but overall, it's worth another visit - since i'm staying at Caesar's about 10 days this month - i suspect i'll make another visit to  Rao's
3	OKAY... I know you are Caesars Palace, but you are not gourmet! Okay, I admit my pasta was good, but it was DEFINITELY not worth 32 bucks with tip... 32 FREAKING BUCKS... I MEAN, seriously, I could have bought three sandwiches with that and fed my friends. Also, the pizzas my friends order at 20 bucks after tip and tax.. I mean, SERIOUSLY 20 dollars for that pizza was not worth it. I rather have normal cheap pizza at my cheap ass hotel, than to spend 20 dollars on a pizza that was not OUT OF THIS WORLD.... THE PASTA VODKA something blah blah was good, but not good enough that is deserves four stars from me. Excuse me, the ambiance is nice but I actually want to spend money elsewhere! Let alone, drop 30 on some pasta thats not out of this world! I definitely DO NOT recommend this place to anyone! Save your money and time, and go to a buffet instead!
2	After watching Rao's on Food Network, I decided to give this place a try.  BIG disappointment!!  You're better off eating at Joe's Stone Crab if you're at Caesar's.  Everything was just alright.  Nothing special.  The meatballs tasted just like meatballs you defrost from Costco.  The highlight of my meal was the mozarella.
4	We had a good meal.1. We walked up without a reservation (=never happen in NY)2. Pasta was cooked flawlessly. Flavors were balanced. Portion sizes were "very healthy" (and not small)3. Service was timely, attentive given how busy they were. Nice staff.4. Priced appropriately. Given that there are other places that charge several hundred bucks a person on the strip, Rao's pricing is commensurate with the food service/quality. Consistency is key.
3	Staying at Caesars for a convention, wanted to stay inside the hotel, so we made reservations at Rao's.Good, not great.  We had good service, good food.  I got the lemon chicken and it was not a disappointment.  Quite good, really.  The reason I find it to be so-so it that there was really nothing special about it.  We went in, ate dinner off a typical menu, that was it.  Not an 'experience' which one would expect at Caesar's
5	Yum, yum, yum.  I've been wanting to try this place for a long time but finally made it there this past weekend.  We had the 'Fritto Misto di Mare' appetizer (Deep Fried Calamari, Shrimp, Cod Fish and Julienne Zucchini with Remoulade and Marinara Sauce); the marinara sauce was delicious (the hubby liked the Remoulade sauce, which is like tartar sauce) and the batter was light so it didn't feel greesy.  I had the Fusilli con Cavolo e Salsicce (Hot and Sweet Italian Sausage and Cabbage in San Marzano Tomato Sauce) and I enjoyed my dish very much.  I wasn't able to finish it and I was sad to not being able to take it to go (not a fan of cold pasta).  The cabbage in the tomato sauce was very good.  The hubby had Linguine al Vongole Marechiara (New Zealand Cockle Clams Sauteed with Garlic, White Wine and Parsley Topped with a Touch of Tomatoes and Spice) and he loved it.  Can't wait to go back.
3	I'm a fan. Liked their pasta.
4	Love our waiter, liked the food and the atmosphere was fine, and the pricing was a little high even for Vegas standards realted to what you got.  It was good Italian food all around.  I had the bruschetta to start that came with one piece with artichokes and one piece with tomatoes.  Then I had one of their pastas, it was fine but not memorable.  I did try their famous meatball which was really good but also so hyped that it was a little hard to live up to the impossibly high standards, but it was good.  I didn't get dessert but I did see a chocolate hockey puck looking dessert that had some peanut butter in it that looked amazing!
2	Wait staff was prompt and professional, but I did not experience the overly friendly atmosphere that other yelpers have talked about. Outside of the prompt service, I can't say much else positive about Rao. My Gnocchi was fine (but nothing special) and the Veal, Beef, and Pork combo sauce that it was served with was best described by one of my co-patrons, "It tastes like Ragu!" The meatballs were good, but again, not great. The highlight of our meal was probably the ample amount of bread that was served along with a very tasty bottle of olive oil.In my unprofessional opinion, Rao is a place that gained notoriety not for its food, but for the smallness of its original location in New York. Any restaurant that charges many thousands of dollars to "buy" its tables for the year is bound to create buzz and I believe Rao Las Vegas has ridden that buzz all the way from Harlem. If you're in Vegas for a month, Rao might be a viable dinner stop for your trip, but for the majority of Vegas tourists, your money is MUCH better spent elsewhere.
2	Went to Rao's during a busy Memorial Day weekend.  Because of the crowd we ate in the bar area, though still at a sit-down table.  Started out with the Cannellini & Scarolla soup, which was pretty good.  For a dinner entree, I had a simple dish of spaghetti in tomato sauce accompanied with a meatball, which is ordered separately.  Granted, this wasn't exactly the ideal dish to allow the restaurant to flex it's culinary might, but I came away definitely less impressed with the overall experience from my first visit--primarily due to a difference in quality of service.I think Rao's could best be summarized as a disappointment of expectations.  The food is solid, for the most part, but as a major restaurant in Caesar's Palace, I expected more of a "wow factor" that never materialized.
3	GO FOR THE MEATBALLS!!!!Rao's is a decent, expensive Italian restaurant. I wouldn't go for the pasta.... I had the salmon pasta on the menu, but was disappointing. My buddy ordered the spaghetti and a side of their meatballs. The order was two meatballs.... but they were almost the size of a baseball, and it was one of the most moist, delicious meatballs I've tasted.I can't recommend anything else on the menu, mostly because I haven't tried most of them..... but be sure to get the meatballs!
2	First time came to the restaurent - my friend saw the food network show featured this place so we came here for dinnerThe food is average at best - the best dishes are not even worth ordering. We  ordered the chicken and the clam pasta, for app we had a seafood wrapped in eggplate (it's the only thing that is good with what we ordered) Thougt dessert would save the meal - was disappointed again If you don't have to, there's no need to come here...
5	One of the things I LOVE about Vegas is all of the wonderful dining options.  The other thing I love is that you can actually GET a reservation at these wonderful restaurants.  Case in point: Rao's.  As most people know, Rao's (the original) is located in NYC and is so super-exclusive, that even celebrities have been turned away.  There are standing reservations so don't even try.  Until now.  Rao's LV is owned and operated by members of the family who own Rao's NYC.  The LV restaurant is much larger than the one in NYC.  There are even two rooms which are exact replicas of the NYC restaurant, right down to the autographed photos of celebrities who have had the fortune to dine at the original location.  I've been to Rao's LV multiple times, and each time I love it.  We always receive fabulous service and delicious old-school Italian cuisine.  This place is the kind of restaurant where even your Nonni (Italian grandmother) would feel like she was dining at the home of a fellow Italian family.  Seriously.It is that good.  Buon Appetito!  :)
2	Thoroughly mediocre. $185 tab. Went there with a large group from NY. We had heard good things about Rao's in NY so we went to the vegas locatin. Just terrible. I have no problem paying for food but when the tab is equivalent to a tasting menu at some of the best places in NY and LA and the food is pretty much sbarro level...that's just wrong. It seems as if  these guys have been living on name alone or they were having a REALLY off night.Also, we told them we were in a rush and they didn't really change their already inattentive service. I guess they get enough business regardless where they can not care about their service and their food.Oh and we made a reservation for 13 but only 11 of us showed up. They charged us for 13 anyway because "that's our policy."Will never ever ever go back again and highly recommend spending your money at the other 50 spots in vegas with better food or..going to in n out. p.s. My roomate makes better meatballs at home. OVERRATED.
4	Rao's... Good restaurant, great pasta! A bit expensive (for pasta it is!)I guess by now I'm on a quest to find the best gnocchi bolognese out there, and at Rao's it was pretty damn good! If anyone has other places.... Let me know!
4	I'm surprised at the negativity of some of the reviews below.  The common theme in the reviews is that this restaurant is crazy expensive.  Hello -- welcome to Vegas!  Even the frickin' Starbucks have marked up their prices in Vegas.  Doesn't that tell anyone beside me anything?Okay, and so once you 'get' that things are pricier in Vegas, how does Rao's do?  Firstly, I don't know the NYC location.  Never heard of this 'chain' until I stumbed upon this Vegas location.  What made our experience special ---- is that we were initially sat in the inner room, with the dark booths -- a vintage flavored Eyetalian restaurant.  If I had been sat more outside in the cafe area, I'm convinced I wouldn't have enjoyed it as much.Next I had the only waiter I've ever asked the name of and requested on returns trips.  Yup -- I won't eat at this place unless I'm inside and being served by this dude.  Really nice guy.  Won't give his name or I may jam up my little secret hideaway.Next up is the bread they drop on the table.  Hello.  My God niece's jaw dropped like a rock when that hit the table.  She's a carb addict and was in instant heaven.  I was in heaven watching her in heaven.So then we order.  It doesn't matter exactly what we ordered because everything is essentially the same quality here:  somewhere between B+ to an A-.  To get an A or A+, they'd have to serve uniquely distinctive dishes with bigger portions.  But they don't because they're taking the french bistro 'less is more' thing instead of the old school 'giant portions of mediocrity'.   So the clam pasta was good, but not amazing.  The manicotti solid but not stunning.  The gnocchi definitely tasty but not ambrosia.Understand, I tried the Onda Italian restaurant inside the Mirage.  Similar prices.  Food is between B- to B+.  But the windowless big room prohibitively claustrophobic -- as in, why sit here unless in a hurry? Service okay but not as enthusiastic as Caesar's.  CPK inside the Mirage probably offers the best value of all three places, but you're sitting IN the casino with all the thick cheesy cigarette smoke.  So what is so terrible about Rao's again?   Not much.  They claimed the gnocchi were made fresh, but I'm not buying that.  The clams were tiny in the pasta, but voluminous, and the sauce with subtle and spicy.  If I were the manager of this place, I'd make the menu much smaller but everything simply amazing.  I'd use the Tao restaurant as a guide.  But I've been told the Tao owners opened an Italian joint in Palazzo, called Lavo.  Guess what?  No, go ahead, guess.  That's right -- Yelpers say it's only so-so and way over-priced.  Get it?  Got it?  Good.Enjoy.UPDATE:  Had the Shrimp Scampi here.  A simply sinful ball of pasta with four BIG shrimp on top.  Not only my new favorite here, but with the Sea Bass at the TAO probably one of the favorite dishes in Vegas (so far).
3	First off, it was nice to see so many people eating at this restaurant! I can't stand eating at a place where I'm the only one. I made the reservation and asked to sit somewhere with a view. To my surprise they listened! From our seats we had a great view of the pool which gave us something to look at during dinner. As for the food we started with the calamari. It was good but I wouldn't say it was the best I've ever had. The breading was coming off and the portion was not family style. The wine list was safe and we did find something that was tasty without being too pricey. For my meal I had the risotto, I loved it. However, I could have done without the carrots. My girlfriend had the manicotti and she said it was good but not great. The service was fair. It was odd that there were so many workers running around but it took a good while before we got our first drink. But after the drinks came to the table, the service did improve. Bottom line, Rao's is a great place to take a group of people if you want a nice meal, good atmosphere, and you don't to mind paying $17.00 for calamari.
4	Went to Rao's last night with some friends who were in from the East Coast. The service was excellent, the food was fantastic - one friend had the spinach ravioli special, another had the Pollo Scarpariello with special requests, my husband had the Gnocchi alla Bolognese, and I had the Vitello alla Parmigiana. We all split a side of meatballs, and there were plenty to go around.I haven't had food like this in years. The meatballs alone rivaled my Italian grandmother's, and everything else was fantastic. We will definitely be back.
5	This place was freaking unbelievable!  Hands down, one of the best meals I have ever had.  Ever!We waltzed into this place on a Thursday evening expecting a long wait.  Instead, we were seated almost immediately and were happy to be seated in the area near the bar.  Our waitress was friendly and helpful when we had menu and wine questions.  She helped us choose a fantastic Chianti and she suggested we try the meatballs...I am SO GLAD she "made" us get them!  Everyone at our table ordered something different and we each loved our entrees.  We had two appetizers - bruschetta and caprese salad.  The bruschetta was unbelievable and the caprese salad was perfection.  The stars at this restaurant are truly the sauces and the meatballs.  The sauce I had on my angel hair pasta was marinara and was just out of this world.  The meatballs were fantastic and melt-in-your-mouth heaven!  We cannot wait to go back to Rao's the next time we are in Vegas!
2	My husband made me go there after having an average dinner there two years ago. After a fabulous dinner last night at Bradley Ogden, Raos was the most horrible meal I've had in a long time. The veal Parmesan was so tough and salty I could barely eat it. Needless to say, my husband doesn't get to pick restaurants any more. He's going to have to make it up to me tomorrow for our last dinner in Vegas this trip.
3	We ate at Rao's this past Saturday night.  Our service was excellent, our waiter Russ was awesome, very attentive and informative.  We started out with the antipasto platter which was delish.  My dinner was disappointing, I had ordered the gnocchi and they were very dense and chewy.  Gnocchi should be soft like little puffs from heaven.  The tiramisu for dessert was very good.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
3	We came here without reservations on a Friday night. We walked up to the VERY snooty hostess and asked how long the wait was? Her response in a very bitchy manner "we are all booked for the evening." Funny b/c we looked around and there were quite a few empty tables. So we continued to ask her, is there anyway you could squeeze us in (yes we were hungry and didn't want to go searching for another place we could all agree on!). Again she just gave us a snooty "no." My friend decided to take a walk in the back of the restaurant by the bar and saw a friendly waiter who told us that we could sit anywhere in the bar - open seating. SO why didn't the biatch in the front tell us that? We immediately found a table and sat. I was a little disappointed in the vegetarian options. I got the special of the day (some sort of ravioli with mushrooms and spinach). I didn't love it. One of my friends really liked her vodka pasta dish. The other girl in the group had to send her pasta dish back b/c it was way to Al Dente. Overall, over priced food, huge portions of pasta, but nothing special about the taste.
3	After reading the various Yelp review on Rao's at Caesar's, I took my wife there on 9/1 for her birthday....we wanted to have an early dinner then it was off to see Santana at the Hard Rock....We were greeted warmly by the hostess, but then were stuck in a corner, close to the bus boy/waiter room entrance...oh well....we ordered wine...I tried the Chianti, which I found to be a little old tasting...I think maybe the bottom of the barrel...and you know, for $15.00/glass, give me a decent pour...my wife had Pinot Grigio and liked it...I tried their famous pasta and meatball....I waited for the waiter to bring the hunk of sharp provolone and shave it over my pasta...but no...he brings already ground cheese and threw too much on the pasta, which made it very salty...the sauce was good though and the meatball was huge...the wife tried the salmon and it was fantastic...overall, it was OK....would I eat there again....not with so many other places to try...I would not go out of my way to return to Rao's..  Overpriced and over rated....
2	The first time we visited Rao's, it was sooo delicious.  We were so disappointed on our last visit.  The service was great, but veal parmesan was really thin, tough and overcooked.  The famous lemon chicken was so bitter, we hardly touched it.  The spaghetti and meatballs were only so so.  We've had better at Bucca di Beppo! The best dish was the antipasti platter.    What happened to you, Rao's????
4	We squeezed in lunch at this place between losing on the slots and a two hour streak on the craps table.The meatballs were meatballs. Large, tomatoey and tasty. Not everyone loved the maranara spaghetti. I ordered the quatro formaggio pizza and it was great. The white truffle oil they drizzled on top wasn't overpowering but just enough. Our party of 7 shared everything we ordered, and I think my pizza was the most tasty. Other things I liked were the prosciutto, sausage rosemary-crusted pizza and the cheese in the calzone. wow. The Caesar's salad (lol) was pretty good, and the (housemade?) pickled anchovies on the side were so great (if you are a true fish lover). Sometimes it is difficult to separate the food from the company, and what really gives a restaurant 4 stars? I had excellent company on a great vacation, but still, the food here stood out with fresh and quality ingredients. It was a lot of fun sitting on the padded park benches outside the place eating lunch with friends and family!
4	Basically this is the ONLY place to get italian in Vegas! Atmosphere is great modeled after the real Rao's in Harlem. House cabernet was perfect.Pasta was cooked how it should be nice and Aldente.The meatballs were great!!the Sauce was good not like Rao's in NY though but I am sure that has to do with the water and stuff. Large portions make the price worth it. Like I said do not waste your time with other italian places in Vegas just come here.
4	Rao's in New York City is notorious.  It is not clear how good their food actually is since no one is able to get a reservation at the restaurant.  Seriously, the wait is measured in terms of years, and at the end of the day, they primarily serve pasta like most any other Italian restaurant in the city.  In Las Vegas, it is a different story.  One can freely walk into the restaurant with the hope of actually getting a table.  Short of that, a seat at the bar is almost always guaranteed.  I believe the menu is the same, and the owner was at the restaurant on my visit, so I felt like I was able to have roughly the same experience as I would in New York if I had somehow managed a reservation.I ordered the gnocchi bolognese and had a glass of Montepulciano.  The dinner began with a bread course served with a plate of olive oil and vinegar.  I was happy with this beginning with the tasty bread and the good quality olive oil.  The gnocchi were beautifully presented simply dressed in a deep dish.  I had an impressive amount of pasta before me, and the gnocchi were not heavy at all.  I thought the texture was great.  The sauce was very flavorful and balanced.  Simple and good, exactly what I wanted.  The wine paired well.  More generally, I was pleased to have a nice selection of Italian wines available by the glass.  The restaurant itself was fairly busy and very dynamic.  The interior is dark and nearly every square inch of the walls was decorated with photos of the celebrities who have visited.  I know that can be kind of cheesy, for example at the Carnegie Deli, but here I was getting more of a Minetta Tavern kind of feel.  I think this location of Rao's is a wonderful place to have a glass of wine and a plate of pasta.  It definitely gets my vote over places like B and B Ristorante which charges far more for less.  Recommend.
5	When first arriving, after the host found my reservation, I was directed to my table near the center bar area. Once seated, our waiter knew from the reservation that I would be seeing a show inside of the Colosseum. She sat down next to my table and pulled up a chair. She was genuinely nice and wanted to make sure my dinner experience was the best it could be. She asked a few key food questions. After that, an on the spot custom menu was created by pointing out exactly what I would enjoy. She correctly picked the calamari for the first course. It came with excellent marinara sauce.The second course was an arugula salad with pear strips, candied walnuts and parmesan cheese shavings. The third and final tasty course was the 17 oz perfectly cooked NY Strip Steak. It was crusted on the side via spices and olive oil. The steak was juicy through to the last piece. Thanks to Caesar's Palace for making the arrangements for dinner before I went to go see a show in the Colosseum. I had not visited Rao's before that night for a complete dinner, but I had been there for an event with small appetizers and mini desserts.I recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a delicious steak, calamari (which is difficult to cook correctly) and a light salad.
5	I was greeted by the famous "BUBBLES" at the door and then treated to a WONDERFUL dining experience. I had the special Stuffed pork chops with panchetta and Figs. IT WAS EXCELLENT. Dr Joe had the Gnocci and Matty had the Sweet Italian Sausage. The service was wonderful, without being stuffy and obtrusive. ( The busboy was HOT!!!) Angelo stopped by and treated us to dessert and after dinner drinks. I highly recommend this experience when in Vegas!
2	My family and I were so excited for the Sunday family dinner pre-fix.  What a disappointment! The waitress messed up our appetizer AND main course dishes.  The meatball (I only got ONE with my dish) was mediocre. The pasta was decent. But nothing to rave about.  To be honest, I didn't think Rao's in Vegas was anything special.  I'd hope that the original Rao's in NY is better, but i'd never be able to get a reservation...
4	I fondly remember attending the opening of this restaurant and the food was great.  This is another spot to try for lunch and the thin crust pizzas are delicious...priced between $7 & $17.
2	We were disappointed by the food.  We had a table out back, on the pool side of the restaurant (the pool at Caesars is just beyond), and although the interior was fine, and the service was "okay" the food was really disappointing.  Not up to standards for this price range or for a "signature restaurant" at Caesars.  We were a group of 4, one vegetarian, the rest not.  The octopus salad was oily and not very interesting, the fried calamari downright bad, and the main dishes not much better.  I had the gnocchi, and it could have come from a boxed mix.  One diner had the orrecchiette with broccoli rabe, which wasn't bad, just not very creative.  The simple pasta with tomato sauce was equally uninspiring.  The meatballs were boring, not what you would expect from an "anchor" Italian restaurant at Caesars.We often stay at Caesars or at least visit to gamble when in town (we're also big fans of staying at the Venetian/Palazzo), but we will not be back to Rao's when there are so many better dining options in Vegas.
5	This is fine dining at its best. The pricing is necessary when you are presented with an option such as this. We ordered the famous lemon chicken, along with meatballs and a special ravioli stuffed with cheese and cranberries. The special was by far the best pasta dish I have ever had in my life. Our waiter was gracious. The atmosphere made you feel like you were in an authentic New York Italian restaurant.
5	Rao's has been one of the top dining experiences we've had in Vegas. The service was absolutely outstanding. Our server was exactly what you would expect to find in a New York Italian restaurant - like the Italian grandfather I never had. He was very knowledgeable about the menu, incredibly friendly (and a little grandfatherly), and anticipated needs before we could even ask.The food was quite delicious. Definitely get the meatballs. Even if you don't usually care for meatballs (like me), get the meatballs. Probably some of the best meatballs you will ever have.My standard Italian dish, which for me can make or break a restaurant, is penne vodka. And the penne vodka here was above and beyond. Penne vodka has been a favorite dish of mine since I lived in NYC - and Rao's, in my opinion, is the best place in Vegas for it.Sadly, I never had the chance to eat at the original Rao's in NYC. It can be rather exclusive and quite difficult to get a table at. Vegas Rao's provides you the opportunity to experience the great food and service the original Rao's is known for, but without having to be a celebrity.
3	Staying in Caesars we decided to check out Raos, we were seated outside which is nice, eating and watching people stroll by in hunger or not:) They brought out the bread and I took a piece and one of our friend commented that the bread is so hard, it's old and told our waiter to bring us new one. Our waiter happily replace the bread. For appetizers we had the cocktail shrimp - descent, and the calamari - yum.. I was craving for it. Our meal too forever to come out, but for the main course, I had the clam linguine- average they prepared it kind of salty and I bit into several sand or tiny little rocks, dammit. otherwise I was satisfied. My hubby and friend had the salmon, it came out burnt and dry. It didn't look too good. There were definitely other yummy dishes that I might want to try later.
2	Meh. Tomato bisque, Veal Parmesan, side of spinach. Slightly below average food. Way overpriced for the quality. Soup wasn't as good as progresso tomato soup. Skip it (unless they are doing a 75% off night or something). Not awful, but definitely not worth it.
4	The most expensive plate of spaghetti and meatballs I've ever had, but also the best. Holy god, it's good. They sure don't make it easy for you, though, as two meatballs are $15 and a plate of spaghetti marinara was $22.   Worth it? Definitely once. Am I coming back? Who knows. That pasta will sure live on in my memories though. Yum.  I'm gonna try and recreate it from the cookbook.
4	First off, the food here was excellent! The service was fast, friendly and very professional. So why only 4 stars? The price. Just because you are an "upper scale" restaurant doesn't mean your food is worth what you have on the menu.We started off with a bread basket filled with various breads that I enjoyed with balsamic vinegar and oil for the dipping. My meal was shells with ricotta cheese. It was really good and I finished everything. All you got however was about 15 shells, sauce and cheese. That was $23! Maybe I am not wise to the ways of high end restaurants but the food portion and price just didn't add up for me. Maybe they fly their pasta in from Italy every day. If so I understand the price, but otherwise, come on. I enjoyed the food, the atmosphere and the break from the typical Vegas buffet fare, just beware the price. Would I come back again. Maybe if I hit it big at the table games and had a few extra hundred to spare. Otherwise, I may try something else.
3	I was watching Food Network one day and i saw a competition between Mesa Grill (Bobby Flay's restaurant) and Rao's in Las Vegas.About a month or so after watching the show...I had the opportunity to go to Vegas and stay at the Caesar's Palace (where both restaurants are in)....so we decided to try both restaurants for ourselves.Rao's was just OK.  I ordered the meatballs (which were supposed to be amazing....but were just ok...actually kinda bland to me)  My BF ordered the Spaghetii (which we shared), Connie ordered some kind of risotto dish and her hubby ordered some kind of shrimp pasta in olive oil dish that was also...pretty bland.Rao's was just another Italian Restaurant...nothing to drool over or dream about. Service was decent...Mesa Grill was my winner (5 stars for me!)
4	Because I reside in San Jose, I am tragically deprived of quality, legit Italian food. It's a damn shame.  I had been fantasizing about dining at Rao's New York since the moment it was featured on Throwdown with Bobby Flay. But since the wait list for reservations at the flagship in New York is literally years long, I didn't get a Rao's experience until a trip to Las Vegas. Everyone was very friendly, chopped it up with a cool cat who I believe was the manager while we waited for a table. Our waiter was attentive and offered to take pictures of my boyfriend and I. The food was dangerously delicious. I went with the stuffed shells and was in pasta heaven. I just wish the portion was larger, it was pretty small:( Had the tiramisu for dessert and it hit the spot, you can't go wrong with the rum and coffee flavor combination. I can't wait for the sweet day when I come back for seconds.
4	So I live in the Bay Area (CA) and while here we have a good selection of Chinese, Vietnamese, and Mexican food; here I am deprived of legitimate Italian food. Rao's in NY has some sort of crazy reservation system in which it's a two year wait list so the one In Vegas is your only shot without a reservation.When we went there my girlfriend and I were greeted by this nice older dude who I presume was the manager siting in the corner taking a break (I think). We were seated quickly and had good service throughout the meal.I have tried different chicken parmigiana, but have never found one I liked. When I saw on the menu that Rao's had Veal Parmigiana (I've heard that's how it's traditionally made) I had to try. The idea of breading and frying something, then covering it with melted mozzarella cheese and marinara sauce sounds so delicious to me, but I have just come to accept that it's just not for me. Nothing wrong with the meat itself, in fact I was surprised at how big the portion was, I just find this dish is always to salty for me, no matter which restaurant I try it at. One thing about Rao's Parmigiana dish is that it does not come with a side of pasta, all you get is the veal (huge bummer). My girlfriend had the pasta shells with, I believe was, ricotta and marinara sauce. It was really good and I wished I had gotten that instead.  The reason I give this place 4 instead of 5 stars is because while the food is delicious and is some of the better Italian fair that I have ever had, it did not blow my mind like I had hoped it would or how Food Network's "Throwdown with Bobby Flay" portrayed it as the holy grail of Italian food. If I am ever near the Las Vegas area again though, I will surely give this place another shot.
3	First, a lesson. The name of this restaurant does not rhyme with "Wows". It's more like "RAY-Oh's". And now you know. Feel free to click that little "Useful" button down below.Atmospherically speaking, Rao's is very nice. Warm, clean, inviting. Sort of homey, if you lived in a really nice home. With lots of people eating in it.Foodwise, Rao's is merely good, in my opinion. The pasta I had was fine, but there wasn't anything to really set it off from a bunch of other Italian restaurants I've been to. And it's pricey too. The average pasta price was around $24. A moderately sized side of spinach was $14. Yes, I realize price around here is as much a factor of location as anything else, but even factoring that in I don't think the price is QUITE justified. The service was good. Our waitress had good recommendations and water & ice tea glasses were refilled properly.Something else useful to know (hint, hint) is that while it doesn't say so on the menu, you can get half portions of pasta for a little more ($2 I think) than half the price of the full portion. I made a meal out of two half pastas, and it was enough food. They also give you plenty of bread. My friend's chicken dish was also quite big. If you aren't super hungry you could probably split an appetizer and an entree between two people, which would make Rao's a bit more affordable.I'm a little torn between 3 & 4 stars, but at the end of the day I'm not ready to call myself a fan.
5	Easy 5 star restaurant... Great NY Italian and service is impeccable. Eat the veal Parma, penne vodka, and tiramuso. Delicious and you don't have to wait six months for a reservation like the NY location.
3	We called and were told the ONLY reservations available were at 5:00 - fine, we were on East Coast time, felt like 8:00 to us.  When myself and a co-worker arrived at at 4:59 (told over the phone if we were late or no showed, they would charge our card $50) there was no one at the hostess stand to greet us.  Had to wander to the bar to announce our arrival ---- only to find that the 2 young ladies sitting with the 2 older men RIGHT NEXT TO THE HOSTESS STAND were actually the hostesses who should have greeted and seated us.  Owners, if you are reading this, NOT THE WAY TO START A MEAL FOR 2 FOR OVER $150 - work it out.  Stay off TV and fix this.  I can't overlook this, hire better.  Unless you can back it up at the end, start strong.Once seated our waiter was knowledgeable and reasonably accommodating but we felt so rushed.  Everything we ordered arrived within 5 minutes...just as quickly we were asked if they could take FULL plates.  NO - go away.  The waiter also sat on chairs that were weirdly blocking access to our booth - I expect Hooters waitresses to sit at my table, not Rao's waiters.Started with the antipasta appetizer for 2 - amazing,  Also ordered the Meatball side dish, they were fine, I truly make better, I also serve mine hot.  The Pasta with Vodka sauce was simply amazing.  Also had an order of the Fussilli with spicy sausage and cabbage - the pasta was perfect, the cabbage was a good addition - the sausage was over cooked, just short of burned, the sauce was acceptable, bordering on too acidic.When leaving, I was put off that the only res was at 5:00, we felt rushed and left at 7:00 to an almost empty restaurant.  Should I ever have the option to try the Harlem version, I would be hard pressed to say yes, sorry.  Work is needed.
5	I first had RAOs at an Epicurean event and had to try it again.  I had the ravioli purses, which is what I tried at the Epicurean, and it was just as good as I remembered (I am still thinking at it!).  The meatballs were huge and delicious as well.  I would come back again and again for those two things!
2	I was excited to try Rao's, but sadly quite disappointed by the food. Other than the meatball, which I thought was good, the rest of the food I tried was just ok. Not worth the money in my opinion. There are so many other great restaurant in Vegas, that I wouldn't go back.
4	Loved the veal parmesan and antipasto.  A bit noisy and pricey, but solid italian American food.
4	These guys certainly make some mistakes, but I have been here twice and the food quality is high and the service good.  Even after ordering two half dishes and a soda, the waiter was very attentive and treated us very well, which is impressive.They have a lot of options for vegetarians.  The marinara sauce is very good, the Parmesan cheese is relatively high quality, and so are the oil and balsamic.The wine is overpriced at $11-$20 per glass, and the menu is not accurate regarding at least the vintage of the wine.  I ordered a Rao's house Cabernet 2006 and was presented with something that included grapes harvested from near the Anderson Valley in 2008.  They had a huge fire in 2008 that gave a very distinct flavor to wines made from those grapes.  I suspect most restaurants swap vintages all the time, so I guess it's not that bad.The salad was good for me but my GF thought it was absolutely wonderfulThey have a nice atmosphere and table clothes, good plates, glasses, and utensils.
4	my wife and I had dinner for two before catching an early show.we saw / heard about the restaurant on tv during a bobby flay throwdown and we figured we would like to check it out. we read the reviews and so they were so so but still decided to gowe had a very nice time. service was very good. the food was very good and even the price we figured for such talk about place, at such high end hotel on the strip was also reasonable after all.granted we only had one appetizer, one pasta dish and one side dish to share among us. the frito misto (fry calamri, shrimp, fish and vegi) was very delicious and large portion certainly great for 2, perhaps 3 people.  the pasta boulounese was ok very nice but nothing special i coulnt get in little italy around my home.the meat balls were delicious, 2 huge balls perfectly cooked, juicy and just delicious.add to this a bottle of wine at $60 which was very hard to find among the huge wine selection with most bottles well over the hundreds and one that was just shay of 6k!!!all in all, we had a very nice dinner, cost us $125 before tip and $150 when it was all said and done. so we didnt try to the most expensive dish's, and can not tell you yelpers how the lamb or steak taste ....but we figured we had a very nice evening, great italian food, dine in an high end restaurant among some high end people and didnt end up paying much more then what we paid every night during our one week vegas stay
1	Rao's is in a fairly nice location in Caesar's Palace--it's located in between casinos, and it has indoor (inside the restaurant), and "outdoor" (overlooking the walkways between casinos) seating.  We were looking for a quick place to have lunch, and this place was right in our way.The waitstaff was very nice and very polite to us.  Water was regularly refilled, and freebees were ample, like bread and olive oil.  The table and linens were clean.There was a very limited selection of wine--a definite no-no in the world of Italian dining.  Both wine and beer are overpriced, but that is part of being in Las Vegas.  Pizzas were about 8 to 10 inches--all were personal pizzas.  The size wasn't so much the issue as was how they were dressed.  In other restaurants, their pizzas would have been classified as appetizers rather than entrees.  My biggest complaint has to do with the meatball entree.  For lunch, this included 1 large meatball, but it didn't come with anything at all--no pasta, no salad, no bread, nothing.  WHO orders a meatball and NOTHING ELSE?  What was worse was the sneaky way the server tacked on what was less than a half-order of pasta to make it a meal...for an extra $13!  I actually don't think the meatball may have cost that much.In a place like Las Vegas, famous for gourmet all-you-can-eat buffets, Rao's is NOT WORTH YOUR TIME.  Small portions, service that deliberately did not disclose information about the menu, and a much larger than warranted bill at the end of the experience was enough to keep me searching for a better deal and better food.
1	Met a Caesars Employee for a business meeting at 5 pm.  Sat in the bar at a table and was accused of being a liar by Angelia, a waitress, because we were sitting at a table and not ordering food.  The hostess, Leslie, told us it was fine to sit there.  Angelia proceeded to tell us that the restaurant was fully booked that night - but there were empty tables everywhere.  It was ONLY 5:30 pm!  Probably the MOST horrible customer service I have ever experienced in a restaurant.  Patrick, the Manager was somewhat kind about the situation, but the owner just happened to be in from New York and was defensive with us.Very snobby;  should have been profusely apologizing!  I highly suggest not eating here. Being insulted for ordering a $19 glass of wine x three when I sat at a table that I was told I could sit at in front of one of my customers is not appropriate. I will tell everyone I know not to ever eat at this restaurant or their location in NYC.  PATHETIC Customer Service in a bad economy. Good luck at surviving!GO BACK TO NEW YORK!
5	Rao's is, perhaps these days, more famous for their line of authentic Italian pasta sauces that were spawned from their kitchen.  And while their line of products is truly 5 star, I'm happy to say their restaurant (located in Caesar's Palace, across from the buffet) is also a culinary delight.An offshoot of their main NYC-based location, the Rao's in Vegas is not a disappointment.  While a tad bit pricey, I think you'll find this place is worth your dollar, as the pizza is fantastic, as are the delicious salads, and of course the meatball is something that must be tried at least once in your life.For those of you on the west coast, a drive to Vegas sure beats a flight to NY, so save yourself the trip and try the Vegas Rao's, if you'd like a little taste of that authentic NYC Italian fare.  Pro-tip:  Order the meatball with a marinara-based pasta dish.  Combine the two for a giant meal that will feed a couple people for a reasonable price!
5	This isnt a mom & pop place but the management and staff sure tricks you into thinking it is you just have to squint a little.Italian food is my favorite even though my BF rarely finds it worth the money.This place serves Broccoli Rabe which in itself makes it nearly a 6 star.Great balance of modern meets rustic classic dishes.Pretty patio area not stuffy or pompous.  Cant remember for sure but Krista was the name in my head that took exceptional care of us.
3	ined on 4/39/11. We live in LV, so hubs took us there for anniversary. Food was really good, wine avg $18 per glass, meatballs (1 side dish, two small fist sized meat balls) $15. Purse ravioli was yummy and hubs loved the bolognase sauce. Dinner was a little over $200 for 2 peeps. Ambiance was issue - very loud music, large and loud tables, could barely understand waiter, felt like I was in a diner as opposed to "expensive" restaurant - attire is very casual, flip flops and shorts on most patrons on a sat night, so that kinda ruined it too. For the price I shouldn't have to yell across the table and the cash man photo lady came while I was eating my appetizer and was loud and a little pushy - 2 5*7 photos are $40.I would return, but not for an elegant meal
4	Woooow no kidding the meatballs are HUGE & the best I've tasted in a long time!!! Great place to eat while in Vegas!
5	Dined here last time I was in Vegas with some friends.  Which was about a year ago.  We were rushed at the time because we were going to a show after.  So I was in a hurry and didn't get to really relax and enjoy my food.  Not a good way to enjoy any meal.  The result was I didn't have a good opinion or bad opinion to write about this place.So this past Memorial Day weekend, my wife and I went to RAO's a second time.  It was my wife's idea to eat dinner here again.  Unlike me.  She really enjoyed the last time we dined here.  She kept on talking about the sausage, cabbage and pasta dish that she had last time.  So she wanted to eat there and have the same dish she had before.  Calling the night before, my wife makes reservations for 8:30 PM.On the night of the restaurant.  I get lost going to Ceasar's and get lost finding the right valet and on top of that the traffic is bad.  I did remember why we were running late last time though.  It was because of the same thing.  As you can see.  I didn't learn my lesson. To my credit we make it to dinner exactly at 8:30.  My wife even said that I was lucky.  I did leave early for dinner.  So I guess I did learn my lesson after all, lol.When we get there our table isn't exactly ready.  No problem.  They have a full stocked bar in the middle of the restaurant.  After driving around I was ready for a cocktail anyways.When we do get seated for dinner.  They put us in a booth in one of the dining areas.  Last time, we were seated outside of the restaurant.  On the walls, they have pictures of celebrities who have eaten at RAO's.  Something we didn't get to see eating at the outside tables.  Remember though, RAO's is located inside Ceasar's.  So outside is really inside still.  If that makes sense.All and all, the service was excellent.  The food was great.  My wife enjoyed her meal of sausage, cabbage and pasta.  I ended up having the house salad, the meatballs and the shrimp cocktail.  My wife and I also split the bruschetta as the appetizer.  Like I said before, the food is great.  The meatballs are what they are famous for and are the best meatballs I have ever had.  The shrimp cocktail was the real deal with big pieces of shrimp and a spicy hot cocktail sauce.  Loved it.  Bottom line is that I had a great romantic dinner with the wife.  Will definitely come back again on our next trip to Vegas.
1	This scenario seems familiar to most...dinner for a friend's birthday...pick somewhere nice with a wide variety of food options that most in the party have not eaten at before.  The celebrant decided on Rao's in Caesar's.  I had forgotten until I walked up to the restaurant that I had actually eaten there twice before.  After this experience, I remember why I didn't remember them the first two times.  Our night began with a phone call to the restaurant to find out the dress code/attire.  We were told that it was business casual and that jeans were not permitted.  We asked even for women if they were nice jeans and were told we would be "turned away."  Upon arriving at the restaurant, the first guest I saw seated was wearing a Hawaiian print button up shirt, tan shorts and flip flops.  Next I saw a women in a tank top, white shorts and tennis shoes.  I had changed out of my outfit to meet their requirements, making us 20 minutes late, only to find out when we got there that we still would have been better dressed then some of the patrons.We were seated in a far corner in the back of the restaurant.  Greeted promptly with menus and a discussion of the specials.  The rest of my party was a bit put-off when we were told that the poached salmon was actually served in a "foil-bag."  We ordered drinks and reviewed the menu.  I explained what I had eaten before and what I thought might be good selections.  Being that I had been there before I decided to try something new.  Their vodka sauce is truly amazing and they had a ricotta shell dish that came with their famous marinara sauce, so I decided to switch it out with the vodka sauce.  The rest of the party gave their orders. Our waiter then became non-existent and seemed rushed or busy whenever he did finally come over to check on us.   Food came out after a long wait (the restaurant wasn't even busy)...mine looked like a glorified version of mac and cheese made with pasta shells and a vodka sauce.  I was very disappointed that there wasn't any ricotta in the shells.  When I inquired about it with the waiter, he told me I had ordered it that way.  I knew I had specifically asked for ricotta so he offered to bring me a side of ricotta.   The rest of the party was not satisfied with their meals either.  The waiter never asked what we thought about our meals.  When we finally got our check, we about passed out.  The drinks we had been ordering (Red Bull and house vodka) were $22 each.  These were tiny little cocktails that are served in the same size glasses that you get comp'd drinks in, while gambling in a  casino.  They charged separately for the Red Bull and vodka, which most places do, but charged us for a full Red Bull with each drink, with out bringing out the remaining Red Bull to the table (as most places do.)  We were appalled.  Dinner was over $250 per couple, the food was below average, and the service was horrible.  We even told him we were there for our friend's birthday and he looked at us like, "so?"  I can pretty much guarantee I will NEVER eat at Rao's again.  I am more than willing to pay decent prices for excellent food and service, but for what we received at Rao's, I would have rather gone to The Olive Garden and saved $200!  At least there I can get unlimited salad and breadsticks!  LOLI am not a glutton for punishment...this girl will NEVER make the mistake of going to Rao's for a nice night out with friends, EVER again.
4	Wonderful food and service. Simple delicious Italian food. Highly recommend!
2	Ate here for lunch: very limited menu, service was horrible and the sodas were watered down. I ordered antipasti for my meal and the rosemary/sea salt focaccia bread: both were very good!I heard Rao's was better for dinner, and would be willing to try again.
3	First time I had dinner at Rao's. Very disappointing! My wife enjoyed her meal. But my linguine and clams was awful. Service was fine. Too many good restaurants to choose from to have such a bad meal.
3	A little frustrating that we called to see if we needed reservations at lunch and was told no.  We show up 30 minutes later and are told there are no tables available - ugh!  Luckily, the hostess recovered and handled the situation well.  It was nice to enjoy lunch on the patio and people watch while enjoying lunch with friends.  The service was ok and the food was decent - nothing to brag about!  I hope that it is better at dinnertime with more choices.
5	Absolutely incredible place to eat! Our waiter (the name on the bill said Matthew) was wonderful. He was patient, funny and knowledgeable about everything. He suggested a "French" martini and when I didn't like it, he immediately took it back and brought me something else. We split a Caprese Salad that was lovely. Fresh tomatoes and lightly seasoned mozzarella was delightful. Then we ordered a side of teh meatballs because we'd heard so much about them. Honestly, I figured it was just more Americanized Italian food, but holy smokes--the absolute best meatballs I have ever had in my entire life. Five stars for the meatballs alone! For the entree I had one of the specials that wasn't on the menu. It was cheese and spinach ravioli in a light Alfredo sauce with mushrooms and tomatoes. It was absolutely to die for--I coudln't believe how good it was! My friend had the shrimp scampi and she said it was the best scampi she's ever had as well. Impeccable service, wonderful staff, and amazing food. I will return next time I am in town!
5	Amazing food and service. This will be a pricey meal if you go, but save up your money and give it a shot. Definitely one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. We dressed "casual" (I had a button up shirt, shorts and dirty sneakers on) and dined in with no problems in regards to dress code.I recommend:AntipastoMeatballsFusilli w/ Sausage & Cabbage (my favorite)Orecchiette w/ Broccoli Rappe & Sausage
5	With most of the dinners and lunches I had on the strip, it was a major breath of fresh air to dine here.Friend here in vegas highly recommended EVERYTHING on the menu but we had to choose.We started with the baked clams and they were divine. Great blend of cheese and italian herbs. Very well seasoned.Our mains were the rigatoni with proccuito in a red sauce, (forgot dish name..this is next day) and the penne vodka.  Both of the extremely delicious.  I also ordered the side of meatballs since they are often talked about.  I have got to figure out the blend they use for those balls because they were amazing.I don't understand some peoples bad experience here.   Yes the pasta is served al dente.  This is the best way to eat pasta, especially health wise. Look it up. Yes, this place is pricey but it is definitely worth it.  Though I was shocked that house merlot was $16 a glass, we enjoyed our last night in vegas.Will return in a heartbeat when we visit again!!
3	To start off, the food at this place was really good. They had a great menu, big wine selection and awesome bread starter. Normally when you show up with a party of 8 or more, if the hostess can find a way to seat you she will do so without seeming to annoyed by it. That was not the case with the hostess on the night we visited. We planned a last min dinner and had 10 people, and expected it to be a stretch to get seated anywhere together. They had several tables available on the front deck of their restaruant but it took them about 20 min to push them together and let us sit down. Again, not a big deal because we had a big party and did not have a reservation. Overall, the food was really good but it seemed like our whole meal the hostess was staring us down and the waiters were not so happy about our party size... if its such a big issue just say no next time!
4	Very good italian restaurant within Caesar's Palace. We've had dinner here twice and both times were great. Their meatballs are fantastic. The service staff are knowledgable, helpful, and friendly. You can't ask for better.
4	This place is fantastic.  Really great food and has a homey ambiance.  Great meal here which didn't break the bank considering it really could have with all of it's exclusivity.
3	I was so looking forward to going back to Raos since the first time we went there was outstanding.  I went about 3 years ago when they first opened with my family and we ordered our favorite dishes that we have cooked at home from their cookbook.  We make the lemon chicken often and when we had it at the restaurant is was so delicious.  The steak with peppers was one of my husbands favorites. We were raving about the restaurants to our friends that we were having dinner with and this time my husband and I were disappointed.  We ordered the salad and it was very good.  Clams Oreganato was our appetizers and they were good.   Then we had the rigatoni with marinara sauce and meatballs which was just OK.  Both dishes needed more tomato sauce.  Our friends enjoyed the lemon chicken and the linguine with clams.We had plans to go back here another night but after this dinner we decided to go somewhere else.  Really disappointed that it wasn't as good as it was the first time we went there.  I have never had the pleasure of dining at the original Raos in NY but if it is anything like the one in Las Vegas, I am not sure what all the hoopla is all about.
1	Very disappointing.  Service was terrible.  Guests next to us got up and left after waiting almost 15 minutes for a server to even greet them.  Our server came and told us the specials, without even offering to take a drink order.  The bread was delicious, and the meatballs were the best I've ever had.  On the other hand, the baked clams, bruschetta, "pasta of the day," veal marsala, and the veal chop were among the worst I have ever had.  The bruschetta tasted like canned artichoke hearts.  The breading on the veal marsala was mushy, and the veal itself was overcooked.  The sauce was thick, syrupy, and had no mushroom or lemon flavor.  It tasted like brown gravy with a splash of wine added.  The "pasta of the day" was a pasta in mushroom cream sauce.  The pasta was overcooked, and the sauce tasted like a beef stroganoff without the beef.  The veal chop was almost raw in the middle (coming from a group of medium rare meat eaters at that), and was also tough, and lacking in flavor.  The cherry pepper sauce was great, but not enough to cover up the undercooked, underseasoned piece of meat it was served with.Other than the veal marsala, nothing was terrible, but for the prices, definitely not worth it, and compared to the stories we have heard from the NY restaurant and recipes we have tried at home from the cookbooks, very disappointing.  Definitely my most underwhelming dining experience in years.
1	Horrible food & service!!!! Been dying to go to Rao's for ever and it was a big disappointment ! Food sucked and so did service. Waiter totally ignored us we haf to tell the busboy twice to call him just to place an order!!!  Would give it zero!!! Stars
5	We always eat here when we hit the strip.  I can sum them up in one word:  Perfection!  They NEVER fail to impress us.  Probably the best Italian in Vegas (and I'm betting quite a few hundred thousand other places).  This place is a MUST go...and do yourself a favor...over eat!Best Caprese I've every had btw....outstanding!
4	I'm in love with the food, but could totally lose the sloooow service
4	So we live in CT, have tried for YEARS to get into Rao's NY (knowing it's totally impossible, but hoping anyway), but decided, while in Vegas, we'd go to the one here, to see what all the hype was about. Upon arriving at 10 p.m. (Vegas time, on a Monday night) we were told they didn't have a table for two (despite our being able to see many open tables). That's ok, we're happy to sit at the bar. The bartender was super nice, very helpful with suggestions for food & wine. We tried a Tuscan red (1st time, despite being AVID wine drinkers & Italian food & restaurant fans) and it was great. My husband got the Chicken Scappiolini (or something like that, the menu isn't available on line) at the bartenders suggestion & he LOVED it! Tons of chicken (bone in) & sausage, smothered in red, yellow & green (sweet & hot) peppers, with onions & garlic. Smelled amazing! I had the Ravioli Pillows (beggars purses stuffed with Ricotta & pear, (wow) in a light parmesean, butter, sage, cranberry, oil sauce).... they were rich & decadent & delish!!! Absolutely delicious dinner. I DO recommend Rao's & believe the hype now. We will continue our pursuit of the NY location, but would definitely return to the Vegas one as well.
1	So disappointed with our dinner & service. Waiter didn't know drink menu & brought wrong drinks but then tried to convince us they were the right ones. Very slow & choppy service. Bad acoustics & couldn't hear people at the table. Worst of all, food was boring and overpriced - one big plate of pasta for the entree.  Very few menu choices. None of us finished our meals.
4	A comfy bar stool and small lunch menu were just what I needed when I walk into Rao's for a super late lunch. The trick to eating well in Vegas is finding a place that has decent food without the insane tourist prices - I think Rao's is one of these places. I sat down, famished from a hard day's work (no, seriously) I spent a week in Vegas working, not gambling or partying like most. For this reason I could appreciate the dark wood colors and dim lighting in this restaurant. Essentially the reason why I'm giving Rao's such high stars is because their server was efficient, their food was good and I didn't blow my whole per-diem in one sitting. Actually, I lie, there's more to Rao's than that, there is an amazing Caesar Salad, yes salad. Anyone who knows me knows that while I enjoy the ingredients that go into making salads, the dish just loses its appeal once they've all been tossed together. That was not the case here, the huge shaves of parmesan cheese, delicious crispy croutons and fresh tasty dressing made this salad a memorable one. Thank you Rao's, your comfy chair and no nonsense lunch menu saved my tummy!
4	Fried mozz. With a to die for marinara. Yum!
4	This was decent food if you know how to order and very low priced if you understand how to order.The foods are in generous double portions. We had two chicken dinners and could only eat maybe half because they give you half a chicken (cacc. and the chicken with hot , sweet sausages and hot cherry and bell peppers ) Both dinners came with TONS on vegetables . The bread basket was massive and very good . We also shared the arugula salad that was also for sharing . We didn't have the famous meatballs but I over heard they are 6oz. each.The quality is like Aunt-made , maybe not from your home but decent and good. I don't know if everything is as good as the chicken since we both had chicken but it was moist and flavorful on the bone with skin , so that might not appeal to some people .Next time we are sharing one dinner or will stay in a room with a microwave so we can take back leftovers.Maybe you want food other than hoydy toydi chef places , this is it.
5	On every trip to Las Vegas Rao's is a definite place to stop by and eat there homemade meatballs. The Bar has no wait and don't need a reservation.
4	This place was great, and the meat balls, probably the best on the planet. This was a place I was looking forward to going, but like other places in town, the food quickly followed the order, there was little time for enjoyment of the ambiance before we ordered, got the food, ate and was gone, fast food dining timeline with a much higher price tag. I do highly recommend this place, just purposefully take your time and enjoy the good job they did decorating the place and figuring out who is in the pictures on the walls.
5	Perfect meatballs.  Everything I have had is the best!!  The antipasti salad is a must order for the table.  It serves four to five people.You can't go wrong here. Hands down best Italian food ever at Rao's.
5	Had a great dinner last night and loved the anti-pasta platter along with the pasta. Make sure you order the giant side of meatballs and save room for dessert! The profiteroles are awesome and the service is great. I will be coming back here again for dinner and wine, just love this place.
4	I really enjoyed my dinner there.  I went straight up to the bar and was greeted.  I ordered the double cut pork chop with hot and sweet pepper sauce.  It was awesome!  Perfectly cooked...meat was very moist.  I saw the people next to me mop up their bolognese and clams with white wine sauce.  I would definitely recommend this as a stop while in Vegas!
5	By far, Rao's has the best Italian food I've ever had.  The gnocchi with spicy sauce was to die for! The meatballs are melt-in-your-mouth and tasted like none I've ever had. Service was top notch. I can't wait to go back!
2	For the price, this was not a great dining experience. The wait staff was not particularly friendly, helpful, attentive, or memorable. I was very disappointed. I expected much more of a family type atmosphere, and I've felt more valued and welcome at Olive Garden. Recommendations were brief, with no explanation or passion into the suggestions. The waiter took the orders in a clockwise manner around the table, and did not take the ladies first, which I find inappropriate for a nice meal. For as in a hurry as he was to take the orders, there was a lot of snappiness in the service. I have no problem with a nice slow paced meal, but this was not that. We waited an extraordinary amount of time to receive our check, too. If I remember correctly, we got stuck with a 20% auto-tip too. I don't mind auto-tip for parties over 6, but let's not assume 20%, okay?The food was good, but not great. My veal was not particularly tender, which seems like would be the signature of veal. I paid the same amount for a lamb dish at Circo days later and they weren't even in the same league.I had high hopes after seeing and hearing so much about Rao's, but I left very disappointed and I wouldn't recommend Rao's to you. I didn't expect it to be as good as the famous New York original (I've never been there), but a reasonable facsimile would have been nice.
5	Best waiter,  best staff, incredible food. We will be back. Always ask the waiter to serve family style. The portions are huge so this way you get ti try more dishes. This place is top flight.
1	Yuck!  Got two pasta dish to go (almost $70 total, most expensive takeout I've ever had) and they definitely did not impress!  Had the tiger shrimp dish of some sort and another penne pasta dish and were both lacklusters. Would not come back even if it were free.
3	Meh...After an hour an a half wait at the bar, (wondering why there was an empty table behind us the whole time), and looking through all the "awards" on the walls, the verdict:Food was OK - nothing to write home about.  It's your average Italian joint, but with a long as* wait.  Not sure I'd go back, especially when there are plenty of great places to eat in Vegas...
3	I had extremely high expectations for this place due to the amazing pasta sauce with the same name.  Its ok, decent ingredients but lacking significant flavor.  Pricing is ok for Vegas.  The music selection doesn't match the resturant
4	Good italian food but a little expensive. Great waiters though.
1	Worst Restaurant Experience EVERDo not waste your money.  Crowded, VERY VERY VERY VERY VERY LOUD and as if that wasn't bad enough, the food was horrible.  There was a long dark hair in my  husband's salad.  Disgusting.  Out of 6 guests, we sent 4 dinners back.  Just awful.  They should be ashamed.
5	Love the original in NYC and love the Vegas duplicate... Highly recommend the stuffed clams appetizer and the meatballs. Broad and reasonable wine list. Food is always awesome. Very pretty and romantic interior decor. Highly recommend!
2	Let me start by saying that the house red was $17 for a single glass. WOW!My guest and I had salads and an appetizer that was only fair but still cost around $60 bucks. But, this is Las Vegas baby.Service was marginal.
4	We did lunch here on a Friday.  We didn't have to wait and the staff were very attentive.  The food was freshly prepared and very flavorful.  The portions are huge and the service was great.  I had the Meatball Calzone which looked like a battleship on my plate.  The sauce was spicy and the filling was just right.  My wife had the penne marinara with a meatball side.  The meatballs were the size of baseballs literally.  We closed the meal by sharing a ricotta cheesecake with fresh strawberries.  The cheesecake was light and sweet and the strawberries really highlighted the dish.
3	Had dinner here right when they opened for dinner, so the place was pretty empty and the wait was short.  Ordered an appetizer to share between me and one other person, a pasta each, and a glass of wine each. The food was mediocre...my friend ordered the ravioli with cranberries, which was much better than the penne vodka I ordered.Probably wouldn't come back here...food was just ok and extremely overpriced.
1	I really really wanted to like this place.  I truly wanted to, after reading reviews I thought this was going to be my go-to place when I went to Vegas.  I ordered steak, as well as meatballs for a starter.  My gf had the lemon chicken.  The food was terrible, the service was even worse.  We were there early, so there weren't a lot of patrons, not sure if they didn't have their entire staff there yet, or we just happened to have an inept waiter, but it was bad.  The ambiance, and the feel of the restaurant was great, an excellent atmosphere, which makes it that much more disappointing.
3	A bit overpriced for my taste in Italian but I feel a bit overrated just because of the name.  I tried the meatball specialty and of course the sauce was delicious :)  I would have it forlunch...if you don't have reservations, you can sit by the bar..there's enough to seat 4 in their mini tables by the bar..
4	In Vegas, it can be difficult to find a place to eat.  I'm drawn every which way, towards the fancy pants prix fixe menus, the over hyped celebrity restaurants, or the over the top buffets. I think I've found my favorite new way to dine.  Casual, comfort Italian food at Rao's.The two of us shared the Chicken Scarparielo and the Garlic and Olive Oil Linguine, which was the perfect amount of food for two people.  The chicken was simple but so delicious. The dark meat chicken was seared then quickly sauteed with pickled pappadew peppers, onions, and bell peppers. The sharp vinegary bite of the peppers was so vibrant and added such a brightness.  Matched with the sweet peppers and onions, I was in love with the chicken.  The plainest pasta available was probably a tad oiler than I would have preferred, but it was meant as a pasta course not a base for my chicken.  It served it's purpose wonderfully though giving us a carb with which to enjoy our meal. My only regret?  Not having room for their famed meatballs!
4	We FINALLY tried this place without going to NY! One of the best Italian place I've had! All four dishes were fantastic!
3	In this place, words are deceiving.  "Sir, pasta is served family style so plenty to go around for you three."  One little plate of spaghetti to feed a munchkin is all that we received.   "Sir, the meatballs are as big as softballs." I showed him my hand and said "As big as a softball huh" he then replied "Well maybe a baseball."  This guy doesn't even know the size of his balls.It was not the worst and not the best.  Across the way Beijing Noodle was awesome!!!!Sincerely,Softball Hands
3	Came on a weekday night; there were plenty of seats at this location, no wait time. Service is friendly and efficient. Food isn't anything special however. If visiting Vegas, no need to go out of the way.
1	My girlfriend and I visited this "fine" establishment in May of 2010. We had budgeted about 150-200 dollars for that evening's food. We were planning on treating ourselves and as such we had heard of this wonderful place at Caesar's... Little did we know what offense we had committed by being ever so slightly hungry ever so slightly too early. We dropped by Rao's about a half hour before they opened and inquired as to when they were opening for the night. A rather friendly woman informed us that we would have to come back a bit later. Oh well... that's just fine, but right as we were leaving a waiter swept us up and no you don't have to leave. Take a seat and I'll get you a couple of menus. And right as we were about to sit down a lovely curve ball. "No you can't sit down... I was just messing with you.. leave!" He started laughing at us and just walked away. This sort of behavior is simply inexcusable. The Bottom line: This may have been one individual that should lose his job. I only went there once. Their food may be wonderful, but I will never eat there on future trips to Vegas and I hope this gives you pause before going there yourself.
4	I go here nearly every time I'm in Vegas (a few times a year).  I just love it.  The food is good, not amazing, but always, always good.  And the service and ambiance are exactly perfect.  The food has always been quality, and I've never had something here I didn't like.  It's a perfect place for a nice dinner with one friend or a big corporate meal...either way, it works just right.  This last trip, I went there once with all my work peeps (9 of us total).  We all loved everything we got for appetizers and entrees and desserts.  The portions are ginormous.  The prices are high, but you really get a lot for what you pay for.  Just know: you will only finish about half of what you get. The wine list is insane, with many bottles well over $500, $1000, and up.  This place definitely isn't a cheap place, but you gotta splurge sometimes, right???I also went there a few times before dinners elsewhere for a dirty martini (I was staying at Caesar's).  The bartenders are all very old-school...and it really feels like you're in a mafia bar.  I do love it.  The dirty martinis are giant and come with blue-cheese stuffed olives, so they make me happy.I also went my last night in town with a friend to sit at the bar and have an appetizer and a cocktail before heading out for the night.  Whether you're ordering a $300 dinner or a $30 snack, the staff still treats you the same way.  They're very polite and professional, but super friendly.  We both got martinis and ordered the Fritto Misto Deep Fried Calamari, Shrimp, Cod Fish and Julienne Zucchini with Remoulade and Marinara Sauce ($21).  Even though I've been there about 10 times and know that the portions are HUGE, I was shocked by how big this appetizer was.  It was the prettiest Fritto Misto I've ever seen (and I've seen many), as well as one of the best tasting ones I've ever eaten.  The zucchini was a nice little touch, too.  The shrimp were fantastic, the cod was flakey and good, but the calamari was the best part.  So, So, So good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We had just stopped in for a snack, but left feeling full!  And now it's a week later, and I'm still thinking about how delicious this was!Some other favorites from the menu are the softball sized meatballs (sooo good!...but honestly, you can get one order to feed an entire table), the caprese salad (big wedges of tomatoes and buffalo mozzarella instead of thin slices of each), the pastas are all good (especially the shrimp fra diavola), but the real stars are the meat and veal entrees.  The parmesans and milaneses are so big they don't even really fit onto the plate, but gosh darn they taste delicious!Can't wait for my next Vegas trip...where you'll definitely find me here at the bar and noshing on something delicious.
3	Came here with an open mind and a large group...Was not sure what to expect, but on our way over we read, on yelp of course, how amazing the meatballs were..We ordered food to share and the servings size were decent enough to share but not over the top a small but decent serving..we started with the mixed appetizer plate and the meatballs..the app plate was good has a wide selection for everyone to try something..we orderd two for our group and it was more then enough..The meatballs alone would get a 5 star, I absolutely loved them and the sauce it came in was amazing..I was somewhat selfish with the meatballs because they were so good.I split a plate of spaghetti with my daughter and it was good, could of used more sauce as they actually bring it out already split, but good nonetheless.Service: is ok, waited about 20 minutes to get a glass of wine, on top of that it was kind of stuffy and average at best..compared to many other places in LV service was lacking..All in all 3 stars is good, the place is really pricey for what you get..I doubt I will be back unless someone is adamant about going.
4	Rao's was delicious! Service was also great. I am a fan of bread, and theres was pretty good, they also had these delicous parmesan crackers :). We shared the seafood salad (it's large enough to split), a meatball (appetizer), and for my dinner I had  Pan-Seared Pork Chop, Topped with Sauteed Hot and Sweet Cherry Peppers. The pork chop was hands down one of the best I've ever had. VERY flavorful, it was like the food was dancing in your mouth. DEFINITELY recommend it!
1	seriously even if I'm not Zagat, I have at the very least travelled to many parts of the world and have sampled many authentic foods from different countries.  Italy being one of my favorite countries, and food.   Ceasars Palace Rao's is in my opinion a total rip off, in pricing and quality of food comparatively speaking.  When you pay 27 dollars for a spaghetti plate I expect something rather good, if not the best.  The spaghetti we got was no better than chili's or spaghetti warehouse type but they only charge 10 dollars.  Serious, I ordered Osso Buco, and it was 47 dollars, believe me, it was the worst i've had.  The buffets in vegas had better Osso Buco, the texture was bad, and had little to no taste to it.  considering the cost of this meal, come on Ceasars Palace you can do better.  Learn from Wynn, and learn from Ballagio.  The manager was nice to offer a comp desert and coffee, but seriously they should have done better, just for customer service.  I'm definitely not dining at any of the Ceasars group chains again, value is the name of the game to customer loyalty, you can't charge high prices just because, provide something decent in return.  total disappointment.
2	There's something a little unsettling about going to an Italian restaurant and being told by an angry German man that they won't serve you.  Didn't Mussolini and Hitler form some sort of tag team about denying people what they wanted or some such?Not that I'm comparing the inability to order a set of damn meatballs to genocide, but I've actually been told I couldn't get food there; nobody's ever tried to shove me into a gas chamber.  Melt me in lava, impale me, throw me off of catwalks that don't meet OSHA standards, wreck my pod racer, and ignite the bio gas coming from the Deathstar's latrines with a bomb, sure.Here's the deal:  If your website says you are open till midnight every night.....when someone shows up at 11, don't tell them that you closed an hour and a half ago because it was "a vittle slow".  It's Vegas - the town never shuts down.  You're telling me that you closed your entire restaurant in a major strip casino 2.5 hours early because you felt like it?  This has happened 2 of the last 3 times we've gone there.  Do these people have ANY idea how hard it is to find parking for the Deathstar?  Those resort parking lots are designed for 9 dollar a day subcompact rentals, not capital spaceships.  And don't even get me started on what happened last time I parked it valet - I'm still paying the fines associated with the planetoid they blew up because they thought the Deathray button was the e-brake.  It takes effort to get to this place.The worst part is just how unapologetic and rude these people are about it.  Look, I've dined at the Harlem location.  I know that you have to book it half a year in advance and if you don't like it then that's no sweat off of them because....well....you have to book it half a year in advance! But this is a much larger space in a major Vegas resort, and one that I have never seen at more than 20% capacity.  You aren't that damn special.  You aren't afforded the right to be a bunch of jackasses.  You guys are lucky that I had a 50,000 game Keno ticket at Caesar's that I wouldn't have been able to check on had I been thrown out of the casino for Force Choking all of you, otherwise it woulda been the end of all of you.The food?  It's delicious when you can get it.  The meatballs are literally the best I've had anywhere.  Of course, the Lady Vader has figured out how to perfectly replicate them, so we don't need you for that.  The pasta dishes are delicious, but nothing that can't be easily replaced by venturing about a mile off strip and going to Ferraro's.   The service alone drops this thing all the way down from a solid 4, possibly even a 5, to a 2.  And rest assured, we will NOT be returning to be denied for a 3rd time out of the last 4....which is probably best for the staff's health.  A very sincere "shove an iLightsaber up your ass" and a score of 2 Deathstars.
3	Wanted to try this little place since I probably wasn't going to get a table in Harlem! There is something about a place that is basically booked all year every year! Well this place did have a little attitude.... the hostess told me there was no seats available except for the bar as it is first come first serve. As I passed by an open table i checked out the bar which was packed  with only 1 bartender for about 20 guests. As i was going to ask about the free table the hostess  was now seating another couple there. I was a little perturbed and told her there were no seats.... she said she didnt know how long it wold be, and then she  asked what i wanted to eat. How about the pasta I said? To my surprise she then began to list a few places to go! Well i came out  to try  that "goodfella attitude" anyway!  I told her we came here to try this place and she just said.... "oh"  .....well I guess they have their own way to handle things! Anyway after another couple tried to hawk down a free table (saved by our waiter) we got a seat. This place is just a no frills Italian eatery with wonderful simple sauces (vodka and a san marzano tomato)  and al dente pasta. Im sure the atmosphere and friends made this a hangout joint for all the Sopranos in NYC! Here its kinda like a classic place that you must try, but you will probably find better food for the price. My lunch for 2....  and no drinks (ice tea) was $85.00. However I like old school places and sometimes a "Tommy's  Chili burger" can really hit the spot over an "angus prime beef burger" at the four seasons !! But as opposed to here the Tommy burger is waaaayyy cheaper!
2	"Meh. I've experienced better" is right.Nothing personal Rao's, but being a huge fan of Italian food, you were not the best; you weren't even very close, and yes I've had Italian food all over LA, Vegas, and New York.  Don't get me wrong, I absolutely loved the decor and feel of this place, but our server was a little on the pretentious side, as were his recommendations, and the restaurant's pricing. The price you pay for the quality you receive is pretty outrageous, even for Vegas.Of all the items ordered, the only thing that truly stood out was the meatball everyone talks about. They can sure make a good meatball. But all the pasta dishes were average, the antipasti dish was just okay, and the wine list while decent in selection, was close to double and/or triple what we have paid at other Vegas restaurants, and in New York. I really wanted to love you. But I'm sorry, my hear belongs to another Italian.
4	I was in Vegas recently for a business trip and stayed at the Caesars. I was surprised to see Rao's there knowing their reputably exclusive family-bought-out tables at their NYC location. My boss and I sat at the bar for dinner, and it was his second night in a row. We both ordered from the special menu of the night, my boss ordered the salmon which he seemed to enjoy while I got the mushroom pasta in cream sauce. The pasta was simply delicious, full of flavors with generous portion i couldn't finish. I've always believed Italian food should be simple, cozy and not overly fancy. Rao does just that with its hearty and honest pasta thats specially comforting after a long and tiring day of work.
5	I travel to Vegas at least 6 times a year for work, and I eat here every time.  The food is phenomenal.  Must haves:  The antipasto.  Their fresh mozzarella will ruin all other mozzarella for you.  I've never had it so good anywhere else!  Plus, the red peppers, the other cheeses, etc, all great.The Meatballs: huge, homemade, just like Nonni used to make.  'Nuff said!If you're torn between a couple pasta dishes, just ask and they'll bring you two half orders so you can try them both.Lastly, the staff do a great job of helping you, but not rushing you or hanging over our shoulder.
5	Came here for dinner with a group of people.  I didn't pay for any of the food I ate nor did I order any of it.  I was lucky enough to be on an all expense paid trip.  All I know is that I ate the best damn meatball I've ever tasted.  Everything else was good but my group was talking about these meatballs for 3 days.  Enough said!
2	Disappointed.  I've always heard so many great things about this place.  I was wondering why they had availability when the NY restaurant is never available for reservations unless you're a celeb.....so we go here and it's not fully crowded on a Friday night.  Ordered the meatballs as an appetizer and very tasty.  They put us in a booth that was very uncomfortable and hot.  Shouldn't you be comfortable when you are spending a lot of money?!The service was not very good. They were out of a lot of wines. When asked to make it cooler; they could not accomodate us.  They said they had no control over the a/c. The Chicken Scarapiello was okay and much different than what I am used to.  Carmine's does it much much better! When we asked to move our seat they asked us if we wanted to go to the basement location.  We said no thanks.  So, if you asked would I go back, I'd say "No thanks!"
4	Fun and Enjoyable.  If you are looking for some fun dining experiences on the strip, Rao's is a fun and traditional establishment.Reservations - Book early if you can, because this is a popular place due to Rao's in New York.Good for Groups - they can accommodate groups of many sizes.Service - The service is worth a 5.  They definitely know their stuff and will tell you what they like or what is popular.  Overall, it is like working together to create a great meal experience.Starters- Not bad at all. Not a 5 but not a 3 either. 3.75!a.  Meatballs - There were five of us and we actually ordered 3 meatballs to split. They are rather large, larger than you anticipate so this was perfect.b.  Pasta - We split two of the Fusilli with Sausage and Cabbage. Very nice and light. We ordered two dishes and while rather small, we all had a bit of a helping so it was fine.  The sausage and the cabbage make for a nice mix.c. Antipasto Della Casa - Very nice. Besides all the normal meats, cheese, peppers, tomatoes and olives, they also give you gran padano cheese. It is my favorite...d.  Roasted Peppers - Very nice with pine nuts!Main Entree -  We shared three meat dishes and it was plentya.  Grilled Lamb chops - Awesome and especially on the bone. So tasty!b.  Osso Bucco - Huge shank and that means a lot of bone marrow to dig out.  Yum Yum for those that like the marrow!c.  Veal Parmasan - Nice and tender.  It was pretty good.  Overall the Osso Bucco and Lamb Chops were great, the Antipasto and the meatballs were awesome and everything else was pretty good.GK says check it out.  Remember, great service!
4	I read some less than wonderful reviews but really wanted to check this place out because I am a NY Italian food fan from way back.This place does a very good job and they do charge an arm and a leg for it.  The place is a little hard to find in sprawling Caesar's Palace, but once we got there, the staff and the server were perfect.  The server was helpful and attentive without it being overwhelming.  In other words, he let us enjoy our meal.The food was very nice.  I had the Lemon Chicken which was excellent.  My old lady had a dish with spicy sausage that was REALLY spicy.  We split an order of basically spaghetti and meatballs, and the meatballs are outstanding.  We were too stuffed to have desert and the desert options did not thrill me anyway (canolli, tiramisu, etc. - not anything you could not get at a pizza place - not speaking to the quality, but it was just a little predictable).The bill was a little high and I do not think I would go back again without hitting a big jackpot.  However, I definitely do not regret going either.
5	Start - Meatball. (the best)Dine - Penne Vodka - (hold the proscutto)Desert - head across the way to Payard. - but anything on the menu at Raos is very tasty. Result? - happy belly.
1	Terrible Terrible Terrible.Wait staff put us in the back by the entrance to the rear eating space. Table was behind the bar near a crowd of about 40 people. Whats worse is that the entire restaurant was half empty. Waiter seemed nice but took 20 minutes to come over. Appetizers were worse than your favorite Pizza Place's Italian Food. The bread was your typically Italian hard bread, nothing special.Canceled the entrees but the manager had no problem clearing the bill completely when we asked to leave. Gave us a business card on the way out, wont be coming back.
4	I know I have said that when I travel I prefer to go to places that I can't when I'm home. Rao's NYC might be the toughest reservation on the planet; Rao's Las Vegas is much easier. It's the same family who owns it and not a private equity or franchise like some other big name 'chains', from what I understand. When we checked in with the hostess, she did give me advice on how to get into NYC and I will let you know if it works.  Rao's is an old school, family style Italian restaurant. Keep that in mind when ordering or you'll end up with left overs for days, or so full you may explode. Many of the pastas and salads can be halved (which isn't noted on the menu). We started with a roasted beet salad. It was your typical beet salad with arugula. Gramercy Guy and I disagree though; I think the beets were from a can and not roasted in house. One of my favorite dishes ever is chicken scarpiello or sometimes called country chicken. It's chicken on the bone with sweet and spicy sausage and onions and peppers. I get it often when I see on a menu. The Rao's version is exceptional.  I don't even need to look at the menu, I know I will always get this.We did try a new pasta this time, the ravioli purses which had pear and ricotta in a butter and sage sauce with dried cranberries. They were really, really good. Happy we only got a  1/2 order because otherwise, I wouldn't have eaten my chicken. They had a nice sweetness that I think in a strange way would work well as a dessert. How great would pasta for dessert be?For dessert we got the profiteroles. They looked amazing and were huge, but I wasn't impressed. Maybe it was my fault for getting a French dessert in an Italian restaurant, the puff pastry was chewy and there was way too much chocolate sauce which was cold. I like it when they drizzle warm, semi-sweet chocolate right on top so the chocolate and ice cream melt together. This dessert misstep will not stop me from going back to Rao's in the future.For pictures and more reviews http://gramercygirl.blogspot.com/2012/03/raos-las-vegas.html
4	Both the meals and the service were quite good at this restaurant.  We started with their cesar salad, which, in our opinion was good, not great due to the dressing.  However that's just our personal preference.  My wife had the Veal Marsala and I had their excellent lemon chicken.  It's definitely lemony, but very tasty.  The veal was also quite good - we've had better, but I certainly would not turn it down.  it's all alla carte so the price can add quickly, like most upscale Vegas restaurants.  If our meals were an example of the quality of their food I would give Rao's a try if you enjoy Italian.
4	We had a lovely dinner at Rao's. We went for the famous meatballs so were a little surprised that they are only available as a side dish since my DH had his heart set on spaghetti and meatballs. Of course we had to order them as a side dish. we went with friends who use the Rao's meatball recipe at home and of course wanted to see if theirs measure up. Be warned that the meatballs can be a meal in themselves. You only get 2, but they are enormous! as a result we ordered too much food. Between us the DH and I got the spaghetti bolognese, the meatballs, and lamb chops. We would have been happy after the spaghetti and the meatballs. The lamb chops were absolutely delicious, but put me way past the point of being stuffed.  The bolognese was delicious, as were the meatballs. for wine we got a chianti classico which was just ok. It would be nice to see more affordable options on their wine list. Our service was very good and the prices weren't outrageous, especially for Vegas. After trying the meatballs I had to come home and look up the recipe, and it has now replaced our old standby meatball recipe. There are a lot of great restaurants in Vegas, but I wouldn't hesitate returning to Rao's.
5	Excellent American Italian cuisine. Great service, wine list and the food, of course. Try the antipasta plate. Pricey-always worth the trip.
3	Yelp is right again.  3.5 stars for this place is exactly the meal I got.  I was hoping that most of the low ratings here were based on the "oh my it's soooo expensive, I can get spaghetti & meatballs at my local mom and pop place back home for $7.50."  I hate those reviews.  Yes it's going to be expensive here, you are on the strip and that's why the meatballs are like $16.  They are also the size of softballs.  If I can throw a meatball at you and possibly knock you unconscious ....If we can play dodge ball with it...If I have the urge to put three fingers in it and I'm looking for pins and a lane....If I can chain it to a prisoner's leg and keep him from escaping...If a meatball can do any of those things, then you can charge me $16 for two of them.  Now all of that bragging said, it didn't taste as good as my local mom and pop place back home for $7.50.  Yes I'm that guy.  Tomato sauced based Italian food is comfort food.  Some Italian Grandma has made all these dishes for her whole life and has been taught them by her Grandma and will pass them on to her Grandchildren who will all open restaurants in your cities.  They won't charge you an arm and a leg for them and you will eat them all the time.  They will be really good.  So if I walk into an Italian Restaurant in Caesar's Palace where you need a reservation in advance, I'm going to hold them to a higher standard and I'm expecting to be really wowed.  I wasn't, it was just ok.For starters we had baked stuffed clams.  These smelled great but the clam was pretty tough to get out of the shell (as clams can be).  The stuffing was way way overdone with fresh oregano.  You could taste nothing else, just oregano bread stuffing. Plus with the clam hanging onto it's shell for dear life, when you scooped out the clam shell, all you got was the stuffing.  The clam was left behind.  2 stars for this appetizer.My dish was the best at the table, Ossobucco alla Milanese.  I would give it 4 stars.  It was nice and tender shank of veal cut very thick.  It was served on top of saffron risotto and in a traditional tomato/ vegetable sauce.  There was a small fork placed in the bone marrow for sampling.  I enjoyed the flavor of the bone marrow, but I'm not a fan of the texture of it.  If you eat at Rao's, I would recommend this dish.  My brother got a beautiful looking Veal Parmesan.  This was served bone in and was impressive to look at as it covered the entire large plate.  Unfortunately it's flavor didn't match it's looks.  It was also tough.  Not terrible, but not great either...3 stars.  My wife had Ricotta Purses with Sage and Butter.  Although the pasta was cooked nicely, the ricotta cheese was kind of sweet and somehow the sage butter lacked the savory element to offset it.  Just recently we had a similar ravioli style sage butter sauce dish at Angelini Osteria in Hollywood, CA.  That dish was so magical, but this one was very blah.  Again 3 stars.  One other strange bit of info is that Rao's is decorated for Christmas year round.  I asked about this and was told that at the original Rao's in New York, they never got around to taking the Christmas decorations down one year, so it became a joke that they would just leave them up.  When they opened this Las Vegas location, they kept that tradition.So there you go, as with most restaurants on the strip, Rao's is 3 star food at 5 star prices.
5	SQUEAL! I love Rao's. I love it. I've had basically everything on the menu and I love it all. I don't need seven paragraphs to explain my experiences there: warm, welcoming, delicious! This is food like I make at home and what we're used to, but it's just such a great place! Next up the real Rao's in hell's kitchen! Special shout out to James. best. Server. Ever.
5	I have been to this Rao's location twice, once back in 2010 on my honeymoon, and then again recently when my husband and I vacationed in Las Vegas.  This meal was one of the highlights of our trip to Las Vegas.  Our love for Rao's begin probably about 5-7 years ago when our local supermarket used to sell the Rao's roasted red peppers which they have since discontinued carrying.  We loved those peppers so much that every Christmas I would suck up the high shipping cost order them from the Rao's website for my husband as a gift.When we planned out honeymoon to Vegas in 2010 we knew we would have to visit Rao's and our visit then as well as our recent visit did not disappoint.  On our recent visit, we started our meal off with the antipasto della casa telling the waiter not to be afraid to go heavy on the roasted red peppers- he did not disappoint us!The antipasto della casa was a great way to start off the meal.  The combination of cheeses, meat, greens, and roasted red peppers set the stage for our night.  Next up we decided to order three meals and share so that we could try a few different things.  We ordered the penne vodka, pollo scarpariello, and the ravioli (can't remember the name of this one).  The Pollo Scarpariello is one of my favorite dishes of all time!  This dish combines chicken, hot & sweet sausages, and peppers in a yummy sauce. I have never had another dish that I have enjoyed as much as this one!  It was just as good as I remember it from our 2010 visit to Rao's.  The penne vodka was very good and the ravioli was very flavorful.Our waiter was very attentive through-out the meal. He never rushed us and made sure we had what we needed.  I love Roa's so much- highly recommend the Pollo Scarpariello and their roasted red peppers!!I will come to Roa's whenever in Vegas!!
2	Not bad, but not great for the money spent. I read a few reviews here on Yelp before and after I went to Rao's. I had to confirm what I had read to be accurate. Among the situations other Yelper's have listed, such as being told they are fully booked or that they they don't have a particular bottle wine (due to the lower price of the bottle..) I can tell you both of these things happened to myself and my party. We originally tried to make a reservation for 8 pm on a Friday and were told there was absolutely no way that would be possible for 3 people. The reservationist directed us to come in and sit at the bar if we liked and we could wait for a table to open up for dining. This is what we decided to do. We strolled in just before 8 pm to a crowded bar at Rao's. My female companion inquired at the door about a table for 3. We wanted to be thorough in case a cancellation or something of the sort had occurred. The young hostess assured us there was no way we would be seated in the dining room before 930 p.m. We decided to go to the bar for a drink. Sitting at the bar, the room was fairly full. As I turned to look at the dining room, I saw 7 empty tables. All clean, prepped and ready to go. At 830, then 845, still no one sitting in them. Close to 9 pm we are seated to a half empty dining room. ... ... So we sit down and my one buddy has been here before including the one in New York. He did the ordering of food. I ordered wine. Figuring the 3 of us would drink at least 2 bottles of wine throughout dinner.. (we like wine:) I decided on a $80-ish bottle of Montepulciano. The server came by to tell us that the wine was unavailable and suggested a $95 dollar bottle instead. I told him I would check the menu a bit and get back to him. Im not afraid of a $95 bottle of wine, but the review I had read was ringing in my ears.. so I decided on a $70-ish bottle instead... ALSO unavailable. So when I decided to go to the $95 dollar bottle .. they had it practically ready to pour! Haha.. It was almost comical. The sommelier came by and was pouring wine as the first course of beet salad was arriving. I was serving the salad to my friends and was told by the sommelier that I "do that very well"..I said thanks, I am in the service industry also. "Oh we didn't know you were service industry too"... she said.. Hmm. Why does that matter I thought?Overall.. I have to tell you i was so unimpressed with the whole situation, that I just smiled, ate and ordered more wine. I gotta say.. the food was really unimpressive. My main gripe about 'American Style' Italian food is the over abundance of sauce, and lack of flavor.. in a high-end place like Rao's.. I would have expected that to be a non-issue. Not so. Really bland Sausage and Broccoli Rabe, unflavored red sauce on a couple of meatballs, and really just non existent on anything over the top delicious. Aside from the bottle of Ripasso I had in place of dinner, as I stopped dining after a few bites. Just not good. The bartenders at the bar were very nice, smiling and made a great martini. It was a saving bit to the evening as they even smiled and wished us good night as we left. It was around $300 for the 3 of us, and is probably near average per person price, but far less than average dining experience. Sorry. Better luck to you if you try this out. I won't be back for dinner.
4	Really good southern Italian cooking. Great staff who are really warm and friendly. I would recommend this place w/o hesitation to anyone.
4	My wife and I have visited Rao's several times and were pleased again with what we had. It always seems to be a struggle getting a table here although I am not sure how happy they are just to seat two people who want to dine without a reservation. For the first time we were seated on the patio which was fine although our server was a little slow and not so attentive. The Caprese salad appetizer was good (great fresh mozzarella) although the tomato's werent too tasty. The pasta dishes we both had were very good and once our server found out we were locals, he managed to deliver a special desert on the house as it was our anniversary. A nice way to finish a pretty good meal.
5	Absolutely amazing. I was visiting Las Vegas for my friend's 30th birthday and this was one stop that I recommended for dinner. I had the Taglioline with Peas & Ham that had Prosciutto Cotto, Sweet Peas, and Diced Shallots in a Light Cream Sauce and it was delicious! The assortment of bread that you get when you sit down is great! Fantastic texture and flavor!You must order the meatballs! They were wonderful! The staff was great and offered a complimentary dessert for the birthday boy! We picked the ricotta cheese cake and it was fantastic as well!
4	Large salads and great selection of pastas.  My pasta primavera was a bit spicy but good.  Everyone's dishes turned out nice.  Wait staff was attentive and friendly.  Our party of 10 was taken care of efficiently.
5	We have been eating at Rao's since the third day they opened and have celibrated their anniversary every year. We have eaten about every item on their lunch and dinner menu and loved every morsel. The owners and their staff are the real deal. Wonderfully warm and accomadating. Stop in for lunch and have the apizza, best in town. Meatballs to covet. After you finished yours you want your neighbors. Ala vodka superior. Rigatoni in pancetta sauce is the best. Just order every dessert and save yourself the strain of deciding. Stop to say hello to Frankie or Patrick and get your favorite Sinatra tune played on the free juke box. Your stomach will thank you.
2	I tried the orecchiette with broccoli rappe and sausage and it was one of the worst things I ever ate. It was the first time in my life I ever sent food back at a restaurant. The sausage was dry and tasteless, the pasta and broccoli were WAY too salty and bitter. It was aweful. My friend tried the "famous lemon chicken" and it tasted like dry, plain bone in chicken with lemon juice squeezed on top. Utter Crap. I had the waiter replace my dish with the cheesy vodka pasta and it was good but the meat was scarce and tasteless. The meat balls were good, but not amazing. The table bread was also cold instead of fresh baked which I didn't care for.This food isn't very good, and it hurts even more when you get the bill.
5	Everything was on point. Service was exceptional food was impeccable. Also check out the awesome view from the patio when your done! Can't wait to go back next time I'M in Vegas.
1	Had a reservation, the hostess was totally rude.  We were seated at a table with no set-up, salt...nothing.  Took about 10 minutes for waiter to appear. My sister asked a few questions and the waiter appeared to be slightly bored as he answered her questions.  We had to ask for bread and olive oil as our overly dressed salads were delivered.  45 minutes later a different waiter appeared and asked if we would like coffee and dessert, HELLO- we never received our entrees.  We were told that our waiter had gone home lol!  This is getting worse by the minute.  Our clams arrived and 6 of 12 were not open, we also split a pasta dish which was so undercooked, al dente would be stretching it.  The worst service I have ever experienced, the food was terrible, and suffice it to say, the Rao's fiasco ruined a much awaited evening.
2	Ordered the famous lemon chicken dish which was really just half a chicken a la carte, which maybe I should have noticed when I ordered but oh well.  I tacked on a beet salad which was good.  My friend didn't particularly care for the veal that he got.The one good thing is that they allow you to order salads and pastas as sides, upon request.Not sure why this place is so popular in NY.
4	One of the best meatballs I've ever had. I had the veal parmigiana for my main course and it was great. Overall a great experience and location.
1	Terrible service, rude manager, mediocre food.  Do yourself a favor and go down a few stores to the Palm or even down the strip a little to McDonalds.  Anything would be better than this place.
5	Super delicious. My boyfriend and I split the penned vodka, four seasons pizza, and both had a dirty belvedere martini. They split up the food we had so we didn't have to do it ourselves. Our waiter was awesome and very attentive. Loved it!
4	The reviews here were pretty mixed, but we had a good experience. We were able to be seated right away with no reservations, which is good since the place was mostly empty. Service was attentive and friendly. We skipped the wine and went straight for the pasta. Hubby ordered spaghetti bolognaise. Yes, it was overpriced for a plate of spaghetti with sauce, but he said it was the best sauce he had ever tasted. I ordered a ravioli special and it was excellent too. Yes, it was pricey for a night out, but everything in Vegas is like that so we weren't too shocked. Would definitely be willing to go back again.
5	Best Italian meal I've ever had.  Meatballs were amazing!  Can't wait to go back.
3	The wife heard of this place on the internet that the original restaurant is in New York City and Cesar's Palace was able to convince the owners to open one in the hotel.  The name is pronounced ray-ohs which we got completely wrong.  We came here with friends. I got the linguine with clams in white sauce and I tried the spaghetti bolgonese, meatballs and mushroom risotto.  The risotto was the best dish and the rest were good.  I can't say the food is better than other Italian restaurants we've been to.  The prices are expensive here for what you get.  They give a decent amount of food but not huge portions. We left satisfied but not stuffed.
5	The best italian place on the strip (imho) Generous portions, very tasty, the veal specialty is worth trying - though it's a good idea to split the dish.
4	Great food and service
4	Only had 2 things here 3 seperate times. The prices here are pretty outrageous for Italian food which is easily some of the cheapest food ever to make. That aside Seafood salad is incredible!, Next Lemon Chicken VERY GOOD the sauce is like pure lemon vinegar and really addicting and makes up for the chicken being slightly dry. I can make way better chicken on mesquite wood in my backyard. But their lemon "sauce" is great. Seafood salad you can order HALF ORDER even if the waiter or waitress tries to JAM you for the full portion. I have done it 3x and both the 2nd and 3rd time they tried to tell me "i have worked her XXXX years and we have never made half of one" AGAIN BS! ALSO half of one is great portion! Definitely great 2 items. The rest of the menu is a major reamer so I will not even mess with it.
3	Enjoyed a pleasant family dinner at Rao's one evening.  We had a nice experience and fairly decent food.  Two of the dishes were quite tasty - pasta with clams and the pasta with peas and prosciutto.  Probably the best part of the whole experience was watching the server transfer the pasta from the serving dish to the plate... table-side.  Fun!Things to mention where improvement should be considered:1.  Serving chicken on the bone.  The Chicken Scarpiello was tasty but hacking the meat off of bones was a bit too "home-style" for me.  At home that would be fine but not in a restaurant at those prices.  Small pieces of bone had to be carefully dealt with.  I really worried about getting one lodged in my throat since several somehow made it off of the plate and didn't get noticed until it was chewed.  (I hate spitting out food -- even discretely into a napkin -- while dining in public.2.  The sausage -- yuck: dry, mealy, some "carmelized" beyond the carmel stage, and generally tasteless.  A real disappointment.  AVOID!3.  Dessert prices.  Twelve bucks for a piece of cheesecake or cannoli.  They were tasty but not worth the price.  Next time we'll walk across the hall and have a $7 Payard pastry!Now that we've experienced part of the menu I think we are in a better position to make better choices next time.
5	The best Italian food I can remember eating. I got a special that was not on the menu shrimp, spinach, mushroom, and penne pasta with a creamy Parmesan sauce. Meals like this keep me coming back to Vegas. Waiter was great. Also great atmosphere. Gotta love dining in Caesars Palace.
2	We wanted to try a new Italian place in Vegas, and since most Caesar's restaurants have impressed us, we went with Rao's.  BIG MISTAKE.  Hundreds of dollars later, the only nice thing I have to say about Rao's is that the service was great and the ambiance is nice (Although Christmas-y.  In August.) but everything else?  Pass.  This is what we had: Caprese Salad-  Weird.  The tomatoes were in huge quarters instead of slices and there was a pesto/garlic/balsamic sauce all over it.  The cheese was delicious but the rest?  Not so much.  Caesar Salad-  Not bad, but nothing to write home about.  Salsa alla Marinara and a Side of Meatballs-  My husband had this dish and didn't dislike it, but didn't think it was anything great either.  I tried the meatballs in some marinara, and I'm not going to lie...there was an acidic, I-just-puked-in-my-mouth aftertaste that I couldn't shake.  Needless to say, I've had better meatballs.  And sauce.  Porcini Mushroom Risotto- I really thought this dish was going to blow my mind.  The menu lists it as:  "Vialone Rice Cooked with Mushroom Stock, Sliced Porcini Mushrooms, Parmesan Cheese, and White Truffle Oil".  What it actually is though is a different story:  Simultaneously mushy and hard rice with bland mushrooms, and an overwhelming truffle oil scent with a underwhelming truffle oil taste.  The busboy knew I didn't like it and offered to tell my server, but what is she going to do about it?  She didn't make it.  I'm just bummed we paid $30 for a dish I took five bites of.Overall, the place has potential, the service is great (I mean, a guy comes out and dishes your plates in front of you!), but it didn't do anything for our wallets or our stomachs.
5	We've been here twice - both times we had great service and wonderful food.  The price...meh.  It's Vegas.  You want cheap, head to Circus Circus for a hot dog.  My husband and I get pasta and the lemon chicken and share - it's the perfect amount, so then we can have the peanut butter chocolate tart, which should not be missed. The pasta is always cooked perfectly (one of my pet peeves at too many restaurants) and the lemon chicken is delicious! As I mentioned, the service is great and Frankie, the owner is a sweetheart - very genuine. When you make a reso, ask to sit in a booth.  Better ambiance.
5	This is a wonderful Italian Restaurant!  In NYC its can take months to get in but in Vegas I got lucky!   The food is divine and the decor was wonderful.  We will be going back again and again!
4	The softball size meatballs is a must have! I usually don't like meatballs, but this is so delicious, you have to order it. It comes with two in one order, but thy are big enough to share if you are ordering it as a side.
3	My trip to Rao's was a bit different: my girlfriend and I were attending a wedding, and Rao's was where the newlyweds were having their reception.  If not for those circumstances, I most likely would not have eaten here.  The menu highlights: Sausage and Ricotta Pizza, Traditional Rao's Meatballs Served in Marinara Sauce, and the Caprese Salad.  Is Rao's a MUST when visiting Vegas?  Probably not.  With so much more going on in this town, Rao's is a satisfying sideshow if you crave Italia.
1	We have been to Rao's 3 times in the past 5 years. Each  time thinking it must be better this time. Well, we were wrong! This was the worst dining experience ever.Even on Restaurant Week, really!? The corkage for 2 bottles of wine was $75!The special salmon in almond sauce was swimming in clarified butter with no taste, no sauce. The other 3 in our party ordered lemon chicken. (Don't!) What they got was  a big plate of chicken pieces, with barely a touch of lemon flavor ....nothing else. The $35 plate of mixed vegetables were extra and that translated to a plate of eggplant slices that no one touched. No one finished their meal. Total tab $250 + tip which my husband regretted.
3	It was our first GNO (girls night out) and also wanted to celebrate the Las Vegas Restaurant Week.  My friend decided to go to Rao's since they had several options in their prix fixe menu compared to the other restaurants participating in this event.So we made a reservation and was seated right away.  The restaurant was probably 3/4 full when we got in at 7:15pm.  The waiter did get our drinks and orders immediately.  I got a pear martini and it was good.  My friends got a Malibu and Pomegranate martini and they all enjoyed it.  All four of us ordered the prix fixe menu. We had baked clams topped with bread crumbs for the appetizer and it was good but just a tad salty.  The main entree took a little longer to arrive after the appetizer.  This was when the service started to suck. So we got our entrees and I got the ravioli with Bartlett pears and ricotta cheese topped with dried cranberries and basil.  It was pretty good.  You can taste the sweetness of the pear, tartness of the cranberries and saltiness of the Parmesan cheese.  I liked the favors all together.  My other friends got the pork chop with roasted vegetables and they both said that it was dry.  I believe one of them even mentioned that they wanted medium and both still came out dry.  So probably 15 minutes after we finished our entrees, that's when the waiter decided to show up and asked us if we wanted desserts.  I got the strawberry shortcake and it was disappointing. It was very ordinary and it tasted like it was not from a upper scale restaurant.  Some of my friends had tiramisu and I tasted it, it was just mediocre. I'm a dessert person and I always look forward to happy ending desserts.After desserts, we probably waited 20 minutes to get our bill! Unbelievable. I was expecting better service, food and decor since this restaurant is a Michelin starred restaurant. Even though the food was mediocre, I still enjoyed my girl friends' company!
5	First Class Italian.My wife and I recently dined at Rao's. The atmosphere is very cool! Additionally, the large bar area is fun for drinks before dinner (killer by-the-glass wine list). Regarding the food, the chicken scarpiello, seafood salad, and pasta bolognese were perfect! Note: the owner, Frank Jr., is a really nice guy. He works the room and seemed genuinely interested in our having a good experience. A real pro.JB
1	I have eaten here three times now, last August, this past January and recently, about three weeks ago (8/31/12).If I had written the review before this time it would have been 5 stars for the food, and four stars for the service.This time, the service sucked(the waiter was unfamiliar with the menu, and had lags for water, bread and food).  The breads were good, pretty much as usual.Don't particularly have a salt sensitivity.....but it was like they poured salt in everything and didn't taste it.Clams Casino-all you could taste was the salt.White bean and escarole soup-sent it back because it was too salty, came back, still too salty, my tablemates ate it because I wouldn't.Vodka Penne-a favorite, I love this, but it was extremely thick, salty and missing the peas, which is kind of crucial.  This dish was an absolute failure this time.Chicken Scarpariello-WAY too salty, chicken was slimy, basically inedible.My tablemates had veal chops and parmigiana.  the parm was not pounded out as it was the previous times and the meat did not have that great veal look to it....it was gray,We skipped dessert, bill was about $800.00 for 7 of us, and this time, it was the biggest Las Vegas ripoff ever
2	Their lunch menu is very small. I got a plate of spaghetti and marinara sauce for $20. Your sauce is good Rao's. It's not 'that' good.
2	WOW!  What a disappointment!  I am from the NYC area and love good Italian food.  I agree I am spoiled from the old days in Brooklyn when one could get a truly great Italian meal at any of dozens of places.  Most you would not go into, unless you knew better.  I am please to say no one was ever shot while I was dining  those many times.Both service and food reached out to re-define mediocrity.  Our waiter regularly disappeared and treated us like we were an old buddy he never really liked.  The only food that had some greatness was the Antipasto which had great roasted peppers, cheeses and good meats, not much of the meats, but good.  The artichokes they served on the antipasto were horrible.  I think they were spoiled.  The stuffed clams were more like a game of Where's Waldo, clams being waldo.  Our entrees, two pasta dishes, ah, so so.$150 later (two mixed drinks at $11.50 each) I was left feeling I had just lost at one of the tables...  Only this one I will never come back to.  Let me not forget to mention the mindless hostesses.  Never again.  OH, BTW, I now live in Veagas,and will warn all my friends to stay away!
5	My first visit to Rao's was phenomenal.  My husband and I went with another couple to celebrate our anniversaries and had great food and great service. From the hostess who took my reservation to the bus staff that cleared our table everyone was helpful and friendly. The food and wine we selected was superb.  We started with the Frito Misto and bread.  For our main courses my husband and I both had the Gnocchi (Vodka sauce for him and Arrabiata for me), the other couple had the shells and ricotta and the breaded bone in veal with sauteed peppers and of course we had to get the meatballs.I will definitely eat at Rao's again!
5	Meatballs, Meatballs, Meatballs. That's all I can say. My fiancee and I decided to try Rao's as we can never get into the one here in NyC. They are known for their meatballs, so in passing through Caesar's for lunch, we stopped in. We ordered meatball calzones. Unreal. We also had antipasto salad to start. All delicious, amazing, and priced right. And there was no wait for a table. I think it wouldve been more appropriate to have this place in NYNY, but it was great nonetheless. No matter what you order GET A SIDE OF MEATBALLS.
2	Okay, so this place gets much hype, but taking something from NY City with exorbitant prices, dropping it in Vegas and playing to people willing to drop cash on anything seems like a pretty bad deal.  The food here is mostly pasta.  You would think for $30.00, and a serving size that would fit in a salad bowl, the pasta would be good.  Sorry, it's not good, and sadly, not even house made pasta, it is purchased outside, as told by the waiter. The fried calamari was nothing to write home about either. Three people, three pasta dishes, 1 appetizer, 1 meatball (half order) 1 glass of wine $285.00 not worth the money at all.  Only upside, waiter was very friendly.
4	Rao's is a wonderful place to eat! We started with meatballs for an appetizer, and they did not dissapoint. They were moist an flavorful but not soggy. I got the special which was spinach and ricotta ravioli in a brown sage butter, it was to die for! My husband ordered clam linguini which was also delicious!  The service was great and so was th atmosphere. If you want Italian eat here.
5	Dinner was fantastic.  We wanted to try Rao's Las Vegas because we had been to the one in New York many years ago. We mentioned this to our waiter and told him that Frankie Jr. waited on us. He said that Frankie was here and he went to get him. He came right over to our table and we began to reminisce about the New York restaurant.  He was kind enough to give us an amazing dessert platter and after dinner drinks on the house!  The food was fantastic. We had the pork chops and rigatoni filetto di pomodoro. Definitely among the best meals in Vegas!
1	Do not waste your time or money going to Raos. This is bad pedestrian type Italian food. My veal chop was so pre cooked and then microwaved and not even microwaved properly at that. It was barely Luke warm. 23.00 for a plain bowl of ziti with maranara sauce. I would be fine with that if everything else was acceptable but it certainly was not. I know good Italian food, I used to eat lunch at a little joint in Hillside NJ called M&M Pizzaria run by a guy called Vito. He made the best Eggplant in the world, and I mean it. I order eggplant wherever I travel to and none have come close. Good Italian food does not have to be at a big fancy restaurant, Vito rates up there with the best of them including Il Mulino's, il Gabianos etc. That is in certain dishes, for the basics Vito can't be beat. Which is more than I can say about Raos! It was the second worst meal I had in Vegas and in the top 10 worst I had in my life, for a $162.00 no less. The worst meal was Aureole at the Mandalay, it was completely unedible and the manager would not even charge us after what I can only assume tasting some of the dishes that were served to us.  We each returned our original main course selections and then the manager graciously offered to make us different second dishes which were worst than the first dishes. It was so very disappointing since the restaurant as a whole is beautiful and the Swan room is a special place. So you sit there expecting greatness and end up with an Olive Garden meal gone bad, no make that a Sabaro's meal gone bad. Raos came in a close second just to put  it in perspective how bad it is.My theory on dinning holds true. Number one if you walk into a Restaurant during prime time and it's not packed it's a good bet the food is not good, second if you walk into a gourmet restaurant and they serve you cold bread it's a good bet the food is not good. If you encounter either of these situations do yourself a favor and get up and leave.This place doesn't even deserve 1 star but Yelp won't let you post unless you select at least one star. Aureole is a negative 5 star.
5	Had a fabulous dinner at Rao's! Setting is great - lively, good energy, but enough privacy to carry on a conversation. We started wtih the baked clams and a caesar salad. Both were delicious. Then had the rigatoni filetto and the veal picatta. The pasta was incredible. Tasted the oinion and pancetta but it was't overpowering - it was perfectly balanced. The pasta was cooked just right. The veal was tender and the sauce was great. In addition to great food, the service was amazing. I wasn't feeling great that night and didn't dig into the pasta with my usual gusto. I didn't realize it, but the owner (manager?) must have been watching and came to our table to ask if everything was okay, and offered to prepare something different for us. I had to let him know, it wasn't the food - it was me. Great service, great food - can't wait to go back during our next trip to Vegas.
5	This is a great place that is in the heart of the casino. I appreciated the service and high quality food. This place has become a hub of entertainment and eateries. A nice mix.
4	Close friends had suggested we try Rao's as they had eaten at their New York location and raved about it.We went for dinner and were blown away by the service as well as the food.  We quickly learned that what we are used to as food portions, in Vegas, all bets are off.We shared the mozzarella in carrozza and the roasted beet salad.  Can't begin to describe the flavour and excellence of these dishes.  Truley awesome.We went on to share penne alla vodka and the risotto.  The penne were fantastic and risotto, while it was very good, too much mushrooms in our opinion.  It was good but risotto should not be overpowered by the additions.  Still very good.Strongly recommend the experience!!!!1
3	Walked in bc I got tired of waiting in line for buffet (45 min and only halfway). I walked in and the three hostesses looked at ne like I was crazy, then told me I would have to wait 15 minutes to be seated...when there were only tables outside! I then had to ask where I woukd be seated and she grudgingly stated that there was a seat for one inside...or I could sit outside if I wanted. I wanted! Just as I was about to go find another restaurant she allowed me to sit.I was immediately greeted by one of the people working with the server, but it took the actual server a good 5 minutes to come over. I asked questiones, he made honest suggestions, and we got off to a good start. The baked clams came out within minutes...a bit on the salty side, but tasty. Spaghetti and a side of meatballs came not too soon afterwards. Pasta twirled onto the plate tableside...nice touch. But, I found it ok, not great. Overall, an overpriced and over-rated experience.
3	OK, so, I didn't want to eat here. I felt it was too touristy and ridiculous and I didn't want pasta. But, in order to appease my traveling companions, I agree to come here. And, it was OK, but I'm still a little upset about my $36 shrimp fra diavolo WITH NO PASTA and only 5 shrimp. It wasn't special enough for that price. To be completely honest, I'm also still upset about my teeny tiny escarole and bean soup that cost $15. Don't get me wrong: I get it. Restaurants are expensive and even moreso in Las Vegas but I have issues paying this much for traditional Italian-American cuisine. I'll stick to my local places in the future and skip this one. There are MUCH better places in Vegas where I'd choose to drop my cash.
3	Fabulous and attentive service.Food was good.  Standouts were in the appetizers- roasted red peppers were so sweet and the caprese was made with heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzarella that was almost buttery. Pastas were solid. Meats were only OK; veggies were crisp but nakedly bland.
2	I went here with some friends who state that this is one of their favorite restaurants in Vegas, so I was really looking forward to trying some delicious Italian food!  I wasn't impressed with my meal, unfortunately, and maybe it was due to the food I ordered.  After being meat-ed out from a steakhouse visit the prior night, I was in the mood for seafood, so I ordered a house salad and a mussel special of the night.  The $15 house salad was a huge platter of basically iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and fennel.  I should have ordered the beet salad as my friend did.  The entrees came out on a cart and are served table-side which is a nice touch.  My $35 special was some spaghetti with an average tomato sauce and mussels, some of which were still sandy.  I was not impressed.  However, I tried one of my friends meat balls and those were very good.  I don't mind paying for a good meal but the food at least has to be good.  Too many other options in Vegas... I won't be back.
4	I went to Vegas with a very old friend of mine that I grew up with in NY.   She is less than adventurous when it comes to food so Italian seemed like a safe bet for dinner for the two of us.For some reason, I find it difficult to find baked clams in LA and they were a favorite of mine growing up in NY so my friend and I decided to split an order.  They came out piping hot, the breading was plentiful and perfectly seasoned and the ratio of breading to clam was spot on.  A squirt of lemon and I was in heaven.We didn't want to stuff ourselves before going out for the night and I wanted something simple so I ordered the spaghetti marinara (something I would normally NEVER order out), a side of meatballs to split with my friend and I had a glass of wine to wash it all down.The pasta was cooked perfectly, the sauce was well balanced, sweet and just a little tangy and the meatballs were everything that everyone makes them out to be.  They are just dense enough not to crumble when you cut into it with your fork and tender enough that they still practically melt in your mouth.  Truly divine.  The portions were HUGE.  I had half of my pasta and half of a meatball left over at the end of the meal.  It's a good thing though because for what they charge, I might have been LIVID if I wasn't MORE than stuffed.  Our waiter convinced us to take our food back to our hotel (even though we didnt have a microwave) and I'll admit, after a long drunk night out, it tasted just as good cold as it did when it was hot and at least I felt like I got my moneys worth and didn't have to eat at McDonalds at 3am.  At least not on that night.
2	Ok- so it was an ok experience. Here is what I liked- sitting with my friends on the patio drinking Chianti and people watching. The atmosphere was great. I thought the food was overpriced for the quality. I didn't like my chicken entree and it was dry. Luckily we ordered the meatballs for an appetizer - they are huge and tasty and we split a Vodka pasta dish - this was the highlight. If I go back to Rao- I would order the meatballs, pasta and a glass of Chianti.
4	While swimming at Caesar's, I noticed the familiar "Rao's" font on an awning, which I had come to know through random chance at the grocery store one day while shopping for tomato sauce. I was instantly smitten-- seriously, it's one of the best store-bought tomato sauces I have ever had. So when I saw the Rao's restaurant, I had an instant hankering to give it a try. Against my fiscally conservative judgement and suspicion I was dealing with an overpriced tourist trap, I decided I'd be having my dinner there. I shared a baked clams oreganata appetizer with my handsome mohawked friend, who looked sorely out of place (we had not planned on fancy dining at the start of our swim adventure). They were succulent and delicious, and we used those tiny forks to get into the microscopic crevice of each clam shell, terrified a small morsel wouldn't make passage to our mouths. I had a ravioli, with a garlic cream sauce. There were only a few of them on the plate, but they were delicate and well-stuffed with unidentifiable deliciousness.Two cocktails, one appetizer, and two entrees set us back $120, but the service was attentive, the atmosphere was fancy, the food was really great, and they didn't turn us mohawked, pierced, and flip-flop-wearing chlorine-stinking fools away. A really satisfying Vegas dinner!
2	Terrible service for a place that is priced so high. The good was decent but nothing to get too excited about. I was also annoyed that they would not split our checks.overall I would not recommend.
5	My personal favorite when it comes to Italian food in Vegas.  Yes the meatballs are huge and great.  The sauce is delicious and the pasta is always done perfectly.  I personally think that the best Italian food on the planet is in Italy and New York.  So it is no surprise that this Rao's is the same (owner) as the one in, you guessed it, New York.  Food so good you almost can't believe it.
2	So Sad. Poor Rao's is really going downhill. We dined here in 2010 and had a marvelous time. It is pricey, but for a special occasion... the pasta is excellent. Cut to New Year's Eve 2012. I made an 8 pm reservation 6 months in advance. I called to confirm the reservation 3 days prior to the date. At no time did anyone mention to me that this restaurant does a mandatory prix fixe (price fixed) menu on New Year's. (Important Note: I don't eat meat) So our cute little party of 4 arrives at the restaurant, excited for a stellar meal, and we are informed by a polite hostess of the prix fixe menu. This menu is $140 per person. It does not include wine or drinks. The main course has no vegetarian options and there are no substitutions. We were pissed and disappointed. We are not cheap, but none of us wanted a four course heavy meal that evening.  Moved our reservation to the next night with no problem (I really just wanted a nice bowl of pasta, Jesus). We show up the next day and are quickly whisked to a TINY booth. Long story short: We order from a friendly waiter and receive several appetizers and dishes. The flavors are lovely, my fiance was particularly impressed with the bolognese sauce. Unfortunately for me, my first bite of Linguine and Clams with red sauce was FULL of sand and grit. OWW! My tooth!  I should have sent the dish back but figured I just had bad luck and soldiered on stupidly. Again the flavors were great, but when a guest is paying $30 for a plate of pasta, the kitchen better make damn sure there isn't SAND in the clam shells! As we left, I mentioned my issue to a manager, just to let him know so that he could alert the kitchen. He could not have cared less. He gave me a half-assed, "I'm Sorry," and walked off. Ass. We will not be back.
1	Had the occasion to stop in for lunch a few days before NYE.  Big mistake. First, my party of three walked up to the hostess stand where two young ladies were sitting around chatting while a bunch of dirty tables remained out in the front in an otherwise empty restaurant. We asked for a table and were quickly ushered to a booth. When I asked again for a table I was told that none were available because they were not cleaned off. I asked if maybe she could clean one off so that we could sit there. Begrudgingly she agreed to do. I ordered the chicken ceaser salad. It was pathetic. There was no dressing...none. The chicken was dry, yellow and disgusting.  The salad was turning. I asked for a manager. A manager never showed up. The waiter said she was busy in the back. No new salad, just a lot of attitude. Rather then spend the rest of the afternoon at Rao's or Ceasers Palace, we immediately left the hotel. This is the worst dining experience I've ever had. I will NEVER go back there. You shouldn't either.
4	This place was pretty good. We walked around on a Thursday night looking for a place to eat and were laughed at by places for not having a reservation. We found this place and they sat us within 15 minutes! With all the food we had and tried my fav was the Ceaser salad and the meatballs. The linguini was not very good. The penne was not cooked all the way. Someone got the ravioli purses which were good but really sweet. I couldnt see eating a whole bowl of that. I ate 2 and that was plenty. Overall the service was great. For 4 of us our bill was about $200 an that included a bottle of wine two beers and two long islands. They even gave us glasses to take our drinks to go! I wish more places at home in st Louis did that :-)
3	I wish I could give it more stars but the service is very inconsistent. My husband and I have not tried all the food on the menu but I like the famous Lemon Chicken and the Frito Misto. However, the service is always lacking. When we eat here, it's always full so I figure it's the reason, but I wish for once, the service would be better. It always feel like we get ignored :( I will go back because I like the food, but if the service doesn't change, well, I think I will just do what the locals do, get away from the Strip!
2	Last minute Bloody Mary craving brought me and a girlfriend to Rao's one Saturday morning.   The line for the buffet was insanely long and Rao's empty tables were just what we needed.  Having eaten an incredible meal at Rao's in 2004 for a wedding reception at Caesar's I had high expectations but unfortunately something was amiss here.. Our Bloody Mary's were watery, my pizza boring, and my salad was meh.  I am sure if I had not gone on with incredible memories of a meal that happened nearly a decade ago I might have enjoyed it but this was a big disappointment.
5	THE BEST Spicy Bloody Mary can be had at Rao's. I spent 4 days at a conference at Caesar's and everyday I stopped in for that most delicious drink. Make sure Peter, the bartender makes it for you. Tell him the doctors sent you.
4	My wife and I had an excellent dinner here.  We walked in at 6:30 on a friday without a reservation and were able to get a seat.  The baked clams were very good.  My wife ordered the Chicken Scarpariello.  We were pre-warned that the chicken came on the bone which meant we would have to "work for it", which is a very nice way of making sure the dish doesn't come back for not being a chicken breast.  The dish was huge, and looked great, but was overpowered by the taste taste of the hot peppers, like someone had dumped a bottle of Gardinar juice on top of the whole thing.My Osso bucco was amazing however and more than made up for her dish.  It was one of those dishes that was so good you are almost hesitant to order it again for fear that it wouldn't live up to the first time you had it.I took one star off for the chicken dish and because our table was seated right next to the bar.  We were so close that we kept getting bumped into.  The table was also so small we were obliged send our bread dish away to make room for the main course.  Price wise this was a pretty good, $150 for app, two dinners, a drink and a half a bottle of wine.  Our server was very cordial and pleasant.  I had not problems leaving a 20% tip on the bill.
4	My wife and i have been going to this Italian staple for over six years and find it to be one of the finer southern Italian restaurants on the strip.An off shoot of the iconic Rao's in Harlem, this eatery has two rooms set up  mimic the original 12 table site minus the mafioso AT THE ORIGINAL, lol.While you have to know someone in the olive oil business :)  to get into the Harlem locale, this is not the case in Vegas as you can get reservations on any given evening.my favorite dish is the veal chop with the hot cherry peppers, the chop is "caveman style" and the vinegar peppers give it a very spicy  taste, awesome! my wife loves,the lemon chicken and their meatballs are to die for, ask some of the unfortunate patrons at  the original rao's who met their untimely demise, lol.  Pocketbook pasta with a pear and cheese filling is a treat!   Their fresh mozzarella with balsamic vinegar is memorable.  Stuffed shells with ricotta is also special.alas, some of our favorite people at rao's are gone as the late great" bubbles" has passed away and their top waiter jimmy "the mick" has left for a steakhouse in Caesars palace. as a first generation Italian american trust me, this is the spot for authentic Italian cuisine!
4	Wonderful pasta. And the meatballs were sublime if meatballs can be characterized that way. We could never get into the New York, location, but Las Vegas is way bigger and more accessible.
4	Italian place at Caesars which I would certainly recommend to others. Had a reservation for 3 for around 6:30pm on 2/12/13. I ordered the Chicken Scarpariello, and had the meatballs as well. Raos probably made the best meatballs I ever had, even though they were a bit on the pricy side for only two meatballs. The meatballs were pretty big, and very rich in flavor as well as very moist. The Chicken Scarpariello was on the bone, so I'm not the biggest fan, but very juicy and moist as well. Also had a bit of my friends pasta, which was cooked perfectly al-dente. Certainly a good experience to try something a bit different than Chicken Parmesan all the time.PROS*Service - Our waiter was fantastic, and very knowledgeable about everything in Las Vegas and was even telling us about how he used to be a professional poker player. Very casual dining experience and good pacing for bringing out our food.*Atmosphere - Really cool place facing out to the pool. Our waiter told us that their was some sort of modeling event going on during that week, so you can get a great view if you come out during the day most likely. CONS*Food Options - I didn't want my chicken on the bone, but that was the only option we had. Couldn't get grilled chicken added to a pasta or onto a salad, so that was a bit disappointing. Not to say the food was bad, because it wasn't, it's just that I wish Rao's could have had some more choices to eat from.
1	Besides the meatball the food was not good.  Had the veal piccotta which was drowned in sauce and the mash potatoes were out of a box!!!
5	Ok- just had a SUPER yummy burger here! We have eaten here twice this weekend. Yesterday, we had the meatballs which were great as was our server Tiffany. Today, we were able to get the burger which seems to sell out. We can see why! Red pepper something something- yummo! We don't even eat cheese- and I ate mine with our the bun- it was delish! Peter who waited on us was also great! Friendly, fast!
3	Went there twice in 3 days, thought i'd give it a second chance...wasn't impressed. nothing special about the pastas, have had way better at mediocre places in NYC. Perhaps the NYC location is the one everyone raves about, because the Las Vegas one is just normal...at best.
5	I'm hard-pressed between Italian or Thai as my favourite cuisines, but Rao's makes it easy to pick, that's for sure. We made reservations for a 6:30 dinner, but due to our schedule, we showed up early and they were more than happy to seat us around 5:45.The menu options made it difficult to choose, but I finally decided on the Ravioli Purses while he chose the Rigatoni Filetto di Pomodoro. We debated ordering appetizers, but given how much we'd been eating on our vacation, we bypassed it and enjoyed the amazing freshly baked bread that came out.I was absolutely shocked by how fast the food came out! I was expecting 15 minutes at least, but I swear, it was only five minutes before a server came out with our dishes. With a glass of wine each, we dove into our food. There's not too many ways I can describe what we had as ~*delicious*~. Amazing and subtle flavours, this was nothing like I've had before. We both cleared our plates and despite not having an appetizer, were quite full and happy by the end.The service itself is amazing. One of the chefs came out to go over the specials and make recommendations, as well as review the wine list with us. He came out several times to check up on us, and the servers were also extremely attentive and courteous. While a bit on the pricy side, I'd say that Rao's is worth it. Between the quality of the food, the speedy service, and the amazing attention to detail, we were more than happy with the bill, which wasn't that pricy when I think about it. I've had good quality Italian before and this was quite reasonable by the end of the meal. I would be more than happy to go back at some point in the future!
4	Where shall I begin?  I have eaten here several times.  I love the food.  It is as simple as that.  Yes, it copies the 12 table East Harlem Rao's in NY.  The roasted red peppers with pine nuts and golden raisins is a beautiful start followed by shells with ricotta cheese.  The lemon chicken is ever so tasty!  My hubby adores the veal chop.  The pocketbook pasta stuffed with pear and cheese is a treat.  Desserts are good.  Our young server, John H., was outstanding, very attentive and very informative regarding the food, as well as personable and friendly!  We will definitely ask for John's section for future visits!
3	We were warned that Rao's gets very very busy so we went around 7pm on a saturday night and got right in, it was actually pretty empty. We ate at the bar and had indifferent service. Ordered the Caesar and meatballs to start. The Caesar was on par with a Caesar at Applebees, a total waste of money & calories, topped with pathetic out of the box croutons. The meatballs on the other hand were some of the finest I have ever had.  I had the lemon chicken and was really happy with the powerful flavors. Wife had the spaghetti with marinara and it was so-so. We did enjoy some surprisingly good and obscure Italian red wines by the glass.  It was hit and miss but we want to try it again.
4	I love Rao's for two things 1. Penne in vodka sauce and 2. their meatballs. If those are the only two items offered to me when I visit, I would not feel like I missed out on anything. I have dined here a few times and each time we go big and try a few more items, but the two dishes that sit close by will always be these two. The al dente penne tosses in the rose cream sauce with bits of ham always brings a smile to my face. I am still a kid that plays with his food. Lacing each individual piece over a prong of the fork and eating them one by one is my way to savor this pasta. The mix of veal, pork, and beef in the meatballs makes them what they are. The size and portion is unheard of. Complaints about leaving hungry should never happen. The service is fast and friendly. Small talk is relaxed and feels like it is coming from the small mom and pop type of shop. Although Rao's is upscale in every sense of the word, it was not stuffy. We ended our meal with  a dessert buffet. Nothing stood out as a must have again, but it was nice to try them. The ice cream in the profiteroles was my favorite. Usually, I love tiramisu, but the lady fingers had lost their consistency long ago and turned to mush. The flavor was there.
4	This place reminded me of back home...the east coast! The service was great and the drinks were good...the food that i had was excellent but since i cant have gluten it didnt leave me with many choices...but its my friends #1 spot in the whole country so i had to try ....not my number one tho....
3	this will be a different type of review because it started off a little weird but ended up being better.We went on Wednsday night for dinner, a group of 6 of us.  We showed up for our reservation and were seated right away.  The menu's came out along with water and the waiter came by asking us for drinks.  i ordered a Rum and Coke and his dickhead response was "I'd imagine Bacardi is ok....", i told him to surprise me even though i was a bit irritated.  He asked if we were getting appetizers to split and we said yes and picked up the "Antipasto Della CASA" which had amazing cheeses and meats, the "Fritto Misto" which was the best Calamari i ever tasted, and he suggested the famous Meatballs (which again, the best i ever had).  After the appetizer order, he took our menus which seemed a bit off but we didn't think much of it since we were having a good time.  After we ate the appetizers he came back over and asked if everything was good and if we needed anything else.  He was SHOCKED when we said we had been waiting to order more drinks and dinner.  His attitude completely changed and then he was all over our table being the nicest guy ever.  The food was really good, i got the "Chicken Scarpariello" which was amazing, but seemed a little small and mostly peppers in the bowl, i wish it had a bit more sausage.  The veal chop was amazing too, i'm glad i was able to try my friends. Overall it turned into a good night was lots of food and drinks, i just wish the our waiter wouldn't have irked me the wrong way right off the bat!
4	This was the first stop on our food trip to Vegas - a slow introduction to gastromic excess that we figured would not go wrong.  And, sure enough, we were very pleased with what we got!  Our waiter was fabulous and we started with the fritto misto - other than the tentacle calamari, we ate it all and it was not overly greasy.  The specials that night sounded great, so I got the scallops over lemony risotto and husband had the prosciutto-wrapped cod over parmesan risotto.  Top this off with a strawberry shortcake that made me change my mind about it being served over a biscuit (We were a sponge cake/angel food cake family) and I was one happy lady.  All this, with a few drinks each was also the cheapest dinner we had on this trip at about $150.
5	This was my third visit to Rao's and it's just as awesome as ever! We had the meatballs for our appetizer, and they were incredible as always! So moist and delicious, they literally melt in your mouth! Then I had the Penne Vodka and it was REALLY good. Perfect taste, perfect portion, perfect consistency. For dessert we split the peanut butter tart and it's to die for! So good I still think about it!If you love Italian food, this place is not to be missed in Las Vegas. it's a little pricey, but really not bad for the quality and service you get. Run, don't walk!
5	Since LA doesn't have a Little Italy this is the closest we could get to it in Las Vegas!Wow is all I have to say from the fresh calamari, to the hefty meatballs that if you could imagine an Italian grandma could be making in the kitchen in the back.The sauces were rich and flavorful with not a lot of butter. If you are craving authentic Italian then this is your place...Fugedaboutit!
2	At the price point that Rao's commands, the food should be much better. We both had pork chops. One was dark and juicy, the other was white and bone dry. The bread was just ok, but the olive oil was bitter. The roasted beet salad was very good.
5	My wife and I had dinner at Rao's the other night.  Food was phenomenal as always.  Did want to share one part of our experience however.  We ordered two appetizers.  One had not arrived by the time our entrees came out.  I mentioned this to the gentleman who brought the entrees over, he asked if we still would like the other app we'd ordered , we said yes, and he said it would be right out.  So a few minutes later he came back with the other app, told us it was with his compliments, and also said he would like to buy us both dessert.  Was extremely impressed with that kind of attention to customer service.  Can't wait to eat there again when we come back to Las Vegas next year!
3	Smashing meatballs, well-made pasta, and great ambiance (gotta love the year-round Christmas decorations!!!!) A little pricey, but the food was VERY good. Skimpy on the portions as far as Italian goes, but nice for a romantic dinner. My few qualms: a wine list that is WAY too pricey (sometimes you just want a $7 glass of wine!) and a waiter who was friendly but completely spaced out and devilishly hard to get a hold of.
2	Good atmosphere. But the food was nothing special, especially considering the price.
5	This place is amazing all the time, everytime! Its one of our favorite stops in vegas and its worth every penny! Service and food always impeccable!
2	Food is good, no complaints.... But I can't help but feel like Rao's is an upscale Old Spaghetti Factory. Rao's is a stereotypical Americanized Italian restaurant with above average quality and higher-end pricing.Italian restaurant menus typically stay consistent and Rao's stays within the typical trattoria mold. Nothing exciting... just the classics. In the end, I'd much rather go to Scarpetta @ Cosmo, Otto or B&B @ Venetian, or Fiamma @ MGM.
4	I love going here when in Vegas.  We always eat at the bar since it's usually crowded in the dining room.  I prefer eating in bars anyway, never have to look for your server.  If I wanted to pasta, I could go anywhere.  Look for something different people.  I love the veal chop, just perfect.  I have a Cesar Salad, the veal chop and a couple of Hendricks Martinis. Bella.  Complaining about prices when eating at a Vegas Hotel like Cesar's Palace is pretty silly.  Just think what the rent must be people.
4	My little taste of a famous New York Italian ristorante in Sin City! I'be become a regular. Thanks Robert and Mike for excellent service!
3	The food was good - pasta was cooked just right. Vodka sauce was so good. Meatball was above the average.  The only problem was the price. Although lots of Vegas restaurants are overpriced, it's not worthy to pay $30 for the pasta I had. Do I want to go back in the future? Probably NY location, but not one in Vegas.
2	Extremely overpriced, mediocre Italian food; no atmosphere of any kind (other than strip mall kind) - but service at least is fast so you don't suffer too long.  Best thing that can be said is that it's close to the exits from Caesar's ... so you can get out quickly.
5	RAO's LV is awesome.  The meatballs, the pasta, the chops.  It does not get any better than this.  And if you are lucky, Frankie is around and is a terrific host.  BTW, killer wine list!
4	Since the restaurant in East Harlem has been booked in advance for the last 35+ years, I really, really wanted to try Raos in Vegas. I might never get a chance to try those legendary meatballs in NYC, so this could be my only chance. Alright, ordered two meatballs as an appetizer, with Penne alla Vodka as the main course. The meal came with rather plain jane bread that was good and fresh, but nothing spectacular. So, the meatballs are about 5oz each and are covered in a thinly sweet Marinara sauce, sans any pasta. Real Italian Polpettine, perhaps a little too large for Napoli but delicious & soft while retaining an exterior form that prevents them from mushing. I tasted beef, pork, and veal, with parsley and garlic. Yum yum. Oh so yum yum!Ah, the Penne alla Vodka? Now, it was served while I was still chowing on the meatballs (haha--did I write that?), and that is a faux pax of serving but I forgive them. Now, the sauce was a little too thick for my taste; I think a loosening of some starchy pasta water would have helped. But it was deliciously creamy, with a nice pepper bite to it, and a delicate balance of pancetta and garlic. The graininess from the vodka was perceptible, but not overwhelming. Well-done.
5	Amazing food, best service I've had in Vegas. I had water spilled on accident by someone at my table and three waiters swooped over to help me and it was fixed in less than 2 minutes. The food was pretty great as well. Meatball appetizer was moist and had great flavors (literally the size of a fist). I had the Penne Vodka and it was delicious. I sampled some of the meal that contained Sausage, Chicken and Onions and Peppers and it was extremely good as well. We went with the peanut butter tart dessert item and it was probably one of the best desserts I've ever had.
2	Food came out way too quick for the price that cost. That probably explains why it tasted like last nights warmed up leftovers.
3	We tried this place because we figured it was easier to get a table here than back in NY.  The meatballs were good and on par with other restaurants in NY.  We also had osso buco, shrimp scampi,  linguine vongole (white), fritto misto, baked clams, veal piccata, gamroni umido, and steak.  Everything was good, but not great.  Service was professional and we were not rushed.  The prices were reasonable for a Caesars location.  I guess I'll try the East Harlem restaurant one day to see what all the fuss in New York is about.
5	Oh Rao's I am so happy we met. This is good, solid Italian food. Yes the menu is limited but what they do, they do well. Service was good, attentive without being disruptive.  Special faves, the ravioli purses and the Veal Parm.
5	5 stars to the best service we had in Vegas.  The food was good but the service is what made this a 5 star experience.This was a special b-day dinner and everything was perfect.We had some appetizers, a pasta and shared the main course.  The meatballs are a definite must have and the seafood salad was delicious. We had a little rigatoni afterwards and ate every single noodle!  Then came the Veal Milanese split in two without ever asking.Then came the complimentary special cake...look at the pic...yes it was that amazing!!!Our waiter was great with a sense of humor.  We couldn't have asked for a more special evening.
5	The Best Veal parm you will EVER have.
4	Very good food and service! I loved the Chicken Cacciatore! So tasty and they made it gluten free, too!  Don't miss this great Italian restaurant.
5	Wonderful experience. The food was prepared perfectly and the service was amazing.We started off with the enormous meatball appetizer, which in my opinion is spot on!! I  enjoyed the Penne Vodka for my entree and topped it off with the Tiramisu and sorbet.The waiter timed the event perfectly and had a great personality. Kudos to him!!
4	Rao's is one of those places that costs too much but keeps me coming back often.  In NYC, this restaurant has 10 or so tables and you need to make a reservation about a year in advance!  Here in Las Vegas, it's much more accessible.  And I'm glad it is because there's something incredible about the food! The service here is hit or miss.  The first time I came years ago, it was flawless.  It felt like you didn't just pay for the food but also for impeccable and attentive service.  That's not to say it's poor now; just that there has not been as much attention to detail in recent visits.  The wine list at Rao's is expansive and the sommelier is always knowledgable and helpful if we're having trouble deciding.  I love, love, love Rao's marinara and arrabiata sauce.  Good sauce is so vital to any italian meal and Rao's is among the best!  I sometimes want a little bit of a kick in my meal and they're usually accommodating by giving me a "toned down" version somewhere in between regular marinara and arrabiata.  You HAVE to try the meatballs.  I don't even like meatballs but these are legendary!  The compliments come with 2 huge meatballs and they're great if you're splitting them as an appetizer or adding them as a side to your meal.  The ravioli purses are amazing!  I love that the servers carefully and delicately transfer your meal on to a plate right at the table in front of you.  The NY cheesecake with fresh berries is simply decadent.  My favorite dessert, however, is the peanut butter tart.We came most recently for restaurant week and, at $50 for 3 courses, it was a steal!  The usual prices are the only thing that keep me from coming more often and, as it is, I already come every couple of months.  My mouth is already watering thinking of my next meal there!
4	My out of town buddy wanted Italian somewhere he hadn't been before.  He's a frequent visitor to Vegas so he has been to most of the good ones on the strip (thanks to me! ha!).  Throw in Restaurant Week and a lack of last minute tables available at 9pm on a Saturday and I was back at Rao's for the first time in 6 years.  I wanted to dine in the Christmas room again but there was a wait so we just opted for the lower floor area facing the pool.  We ordered a plate of antipasto (prosciutto di parma, mild sopresata, marinated artichokes, gaeta olives, buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes, grana padano, gorgonzola cheese, dressed arugula) to kick things off and that was very good.  Everything was fresh and that was a nice substitute instead of four people getting individual salads.The osso bucco was literally calling my name right off the page but I figured I could come back for that any other time of the year.  I decided to take advantage of the great value of Restaurant Week and use the couple of bucks saved on drinking more wine.  The appetizer was "Mozzarella in Carrozza" which was described as fried fresh mozzarella sandwich served with marinara.  In reality it was 2 HUGE wedges of deep fried breaded mozzarella.  So unhealthy yet so delicious.  Fried cheese has never tasted bad...ever.There were four options for the main course but since everyone else was getting pasta (scampi, spaghetti and meatballs, shells) I decided on the pork chop and MAN OH MAN was that a solid choice.  It was a double cut of pork that was pan seared and sauteed with hot and sweet cherry peppers.  It was juicy, spicy, well seasoned and I ended up gnawing on the bones at the end like a dog.  I took only one bite of the tiramisu since I was so full and my wife ate the rest of it.  There are so, so, so many Italian options around these days (and better values to be had) but I wouldn't mind splurging a little more for this gem a few times a year.
5	Best meal I have eaten in a long time. Awesome service - delicious food - you can't go wrong here. We ordered the antipasto and went crazy over the mozzarella and the prosciutto and the artichokes...actually everything on the platter was great. But the real fireworks should be reserved for the Lamb chops and the Steak pizzaiola! The lamb (which I had) and the steak (which my friend had) were perfectly cooked. We loved the food so much - we cleaned our plates. Even the green beans and potatoes were just right. It's expensive no doubt, but it's not to be missed.
5	This place was fantastic. We came for the Caesars buffet but line was way too long. The bruschetta was phenomenal and the meatballs and shells were amazing. This is coming from someone who eats Italian food in South Philly. We will def visit again.
4	Pasta is always solid. Always cooked to perfection. The Garlic, broccoli fusilli was fantastic. I don't care for the meatballs. Their sauces are amazing. The chicken scarapariello is delicious. The desserts are just average.
2	I got to say that this place was a disappointment for sure! I read the reviews before going here and heard about the upselling on wine and some shaky service in general.However I went in with an open mind looking forward to a good Italian dish. I got to say that the Seafood Salad was very good! I had the Shrimp Scampi over linguine, pretty good but nothing to get crazy about.The server we had was slow and shaky, such as having to be asked 3 times for a glass of wine.I never pay close attention to the bill, however my wife does. She asks me what this random $7 charge was on the bill. I was going to pay it do we could just go but she insisted on asking. The server says that was for distilled water. Then I was confused as we ordered a bottle of Pellegrino which was also $7 and was already on the bill. After a little back and forth, he finalyy had the $7 removed.This little incident turned me off completely to this place and I would never even consider on going back. Please either consider a different Italian Place or check your bill carefully.
5	LIKE! I love the interior and ambiance of this restaurant. It feels romantic, friendly, and humble all at the same time! For a moment you forget you're dining in Vegas, and you feel like you're in NYC. Our waiter was awesome and our food was spectacular! My husband & I celebrated our 9 year anniversary, and this was the perfect place! Here's what we ordered: Meatballs (2) - MUST GET - Not filling at all and makes a wonderful appetizer dishPepper Salad - Never had anything like this before - Sweet & delicate dish that is unique to the taste buds on every biteDouble Bone-In Pork Chops - Hubby finished the whole thing by himself - I'm guessing it was really good! Linguine and Clams w/White Sauce - You can taste the ocean in your mouth! Indescribably delicious!! To top it off, they surprised us with a complimentary cake for our anniversary! They weren't stingy with their portions either! I'd definitely come back here again, even if it's just to eat the meatballs. Thank you for such great service & a memorable anniversary dinner!
5	A "foodie" friend suggested Rao's ..... and We are soooooooo glad we came here.   There is a special feeling and magic to the restaurant that is warm, romantic, and cozy----- it is a must do in Vegas.   It is a little pricey --- but worth it!  Dinner for two was 230.00. --- We had a cocktail, a bottle of chianti (65.00), meatballs, caprese salad, lemon chicken, after dinner drinks ....and they gave us a free tiramasu for our anniversary --- that was really nice!!!Great Service.... and Great in so many ways!!!
4	This place is expensive, but oh so good.  I went to Rao's after watching a special on the travel channel about the best places in Vegas and I loved it.  The history behind the restaurant is amazing and since it seems that I will never be able to get a table a Rao's in NYC, I am lucky that I was able to enjoy the food at Rao's in Las Vegas.  The meatballs are just as amazing as people described them and everything else, including the service was above and beyond.  I recommend this restaurant to anyone who is staying in Las Vegas......  You will not regret it.
4	I only stopped in here for a couple drinks. The atmosphere was inviting and the cocktails exceptional. We had their take on a Manhattan and it was spectacular. The Bartender for sure knew what he was doing and took his time making proper cocktails. I look forward to trying their food next time.
5	I LIKE it very much! I love the interior of this restaurant. It feels old fashion, romantic, and friendly, Our waiter was awesome and our food was spectacular! Food was Outstanding! I had Vinny's lemon chicken. and the Peas with ham. These were such simple dishes but so awesome. To me that is what I look for is a Chef who can take the simplest of ingredients and make magic! That to me is the true art of cooking.
3	Close but no cigar.I love the attempt at reproducing old-school NY Italian and ths place comes close to succeeding but doesn't quite make the mark.Food-wise, the baked clams were nice, but the presentation was weak.  (Think:  throw 5-6 clams on a regular white plate.)  The spaghetti bolognese missed the mark -- nothing spectacular for $25+.  The veal parmigiana was very good (but not quite outstanding) but at $50+, it should come not naked on the plate but perhaps with a bit of pasta and veggies on the side.
5	Meatballs, meatballs, meatballs!!! Do not miss trying the meatballs. The best! I heard about this restaurant on the cooking channel and wanted to try it. We were not disappointed. The food is delicious. The lemon chicken is the house special and it was very good. The marinara sauce is so full of flavor and the pasta was cooked al dente. The restaurant has a real New York feel to it. We were a party of 6 and the service was excellent. It is a bit pricey and well worth it for a fantastic meal and a  wonderful Chianti.
2	I have heard nothing but rave reviews for this place but I just wasn't impressed  in the least. We ordered the spaghetti bolognese, meat balls, lemon chicken and caprese salad. Caprese salad was small but the buffalo mozzarella was tasty..nothing special though. The meat balls were phenomenal and thy was the saving grace of this place. For $17 I thought we would get more than 2 meatballs but I went here expecting it to be expensive. The lemon chicken was the absolute worst I have ever had. I don't mind when bones are in the chicken but when you leave the rib bones in then butcher the cchicken, you are left with tiny pieces of bone in everything. It was terrible taste and extremely hard to eat with all the bone pieces in it. $28 for half a chicken with loads of bone...no thanks. $30 for a normal size portion of spaghetti bolognese. All in all, cute ambiance and good service but certainly would not be coming back or recommending to anyone.
5	I find it very hard to believe that anyone gave this place less than 5 stars!  We went here for our anniversary dinner because my hubby read an article online about the original Rao's in New York City.  Apparently, at that location, reservations are nearly impossible to come by, it's constantly packed and they're doing so well they don't even bother to be open on the weekends . . . all this info I got second-hand from the hubs so if you find some of it a little exaggerated, my apologies! :)About Rao's Las Vegas in Ceasar's Palace:Service: We had a reservation, arrived on time and they sat us right away.  Our waiter, Sean, showed up shortly after we were seated, was very friendly and explained the specials.  He was very honest about  what he liked and didn't care for as much on the menu and helped us make really good food choices. (which i will describe below!) When making the reservation, my husband had sent an email telling them it was our anniversary so everyone who came to our table wished us a happy anniversary and they even remembered the name of our daughter (who wasn't with us) which I guess the hubs had mentioned in his email! The waiter and other staff was very attentive to our needs  but there was really nothing extra that we needed b/c they took care of everything.  As a side note, the have a photographer there that goes around taking pics and tries to sell them to you after you're done eating.  We didn't buy them, but she did do a good job.  Oh, and I can't forget the owner, I guess his name is Rao and he is the son of the guy who originally started the restaurant.  He also knew it was our anniversary, and gave us two cookbooks that he had autographed for us.  He was a very sweet and humble guy ( unlike some chef/restaurant owners you meet).Food: OMG the food. It was ridiculous!  I am a huge italian food fan, particularly red sauces, and of course, the best I've ever had was in Florence, Italy. Since then, I have never been able to find a red sauce that good.  Rao's has it.  For an appetizer, we ordered the meatballs. You get two baseball-size meatballs, cooked to perfection and smothered in marinara sauce.  The meatballs were tender and flavorful all the way through and the sauce was smooth, silky, garlicky, basil-ly (which is not a word, but who cares). I'm  gonna dream about those meatballs. The recipe is in the cookbook we got so you better believe I'm gonna try my hand at making them at home . . . i think they use beef, italian sausage and veal. We also ordered the parmesan risotto balls, which were a special that night. They came with more marinara sauce, were nice and crispy on the outside, creamy in the middle and just yummy.  /but if you can only pick one appetizer, get the meatballs.Wine: We ordered the chianti classico, which was delicious and went well with everything else we had.Main courses: Like i said, i love red sauce so i was tempted to get the spaghetti bolognese. Our waiter, though, told us that although it was good, he recommended the spaghetti and meatballs more. Since id already had meatballs, i decided to go with the ravioli purses ....and I'm so glad i did. It was amazing. You get a plate of ravioli purses filled with ricotta cheese and barlett pears, topped with cranberries, sage leaves (which i think might have been seared in oil or something because they were crispy and delicious) and a brown butter sauce. Now, if you've ever had butter sauces, you know they can sometimes be overly greasy, this one was perfect. Not too oily and full of flavor.The hubs got the chicken scarpariello . . .for the life of me, I don't understand why anyone would go to an italian restaurant and not order pasta, but whatevs! LOL It was chicken, italian sausage and a variety of peppers in a white wine sauce. It was the mostly highly recommended (by our waiter) chicken dish on the menu. I didn't taste it myself but hubby said it was delicious but he admitted he liked my pasta better. ;)Dessert: I was going to order the cannoli but the waiter said, "may I make a suggestion?" LOL yet again . . . so we ended up ordering the strawberry shortcake, which was my second choice anyway.  So glad we listened to our waiter again . . .the shortcake was actually an authentic style scone, slightly sweet, the strawberries were marinated, sweet, fresh and cold (but not frozen) the ice cream was perfect and it was topped with whipped cream.  So yummy! Oh, and they wrote Happy Anniversary around the rim of the bowl with chocolate sauce, which I thought was a nice touch.I can't finish without mentioning the ambiance . . . It was so anti-Vegas and I loved it!! Old NYC style, pics of celebrities and random people on the walls, dark wood paneling and a cozy, comfortable yet upscale vibe. And even though its located inside Ceasar's Palace, the storefront and "outdoor" seating area look almost exactly like the original location in NYC. Very cool.Overall, excellent experience and superb food!
1	I had read all the reviews about Roa's in New York City and was very excited to try one in our hometown of Las Vegas.  I was a little surprised at the decor.  We were seated in a huge auditorium like dining area.  The music was surprisingly poor. Bully bully was blaring over the speakers which made it feel more like a shady neighborhood bar.  The food tasted like it came straight out of a jar of Ragu.  The service was at best adequate with the waiter seeming like he had something better to do like play Internet on the computer.  The only thing that made it seem like we were in Las Vegas was the huge price tag at the end of the meal.  Thank goodness there are a lot of tourists to keep this place open. It would not make it in Las Vegas if it was dependent on the local residents.
3	Inexpensive compared to the other restaurants in Caesar's, but still pricey for pasta. I came here for some comfort food and have given up on the NYC location, mere mortal that I am. I had the Tagliolini with Peas & Ham - described as "Fresh-made tagliolini pasta, prosciutto cotto, sweet peas, diced shallots, light cream sauce." Was it ever. You can taste the fresh and the sauce was light and flavorful at the same time. My escort had the Shell Pasta with Ricotta Sauce - large shell pasta in red sauce with a gloop of ricotta to bring it all together. Delicious! We split the ground veal/pork/beef meatballs, which were very good. He would describe them as very *very* good. Definetly full at the end of the meal. Of course I liked it, but it's pasta - what's not to like? Maybe how the NY scene raves about this place... maybe the Vegas real estate... conspired to affect my expectations. It was good, yes. It did not blow me away. I wouldn't recommend it .. but I wouldn't NOT recommend it either, make sense? Definetly not horrific but not superb, either. It's just sort of ... there.
1	The first time was great. The next 3 visits a disaster! Food has gone way down in quality. Horrible steak on visit #2 and the clams got us sick on our last visit. Not to mention the lack of attention from the waiter. At the prices they charge the service should be fabulous and friendly. That it was not!  If you must...the calamari and the meatballs are good.
5	Great meal.  Traditional Italian well done!
3	Having been a fan of their jarred sauce for a while (expensive but the best in my opinion) I was hoping I could give this place a 5 when I made the reservation.  Don't get me wrong the atmosphere is great and the staff was personable and professional, the antipasto the side of meatballs were great. The problem is, I have a favorite dish and its one that every place does a little different and that's OK but when I saw that they had chicken scarpiello on the menu I thought I was in for a dinner to remember.  Rao's does it with bone in chicken pieces which I suppose is more authentic if harder to eat and that wasn't the problem the problem is I have had better for half the money at a little pizza/pasta place in Westchester NY! The sauce was just so so and the sausage was not the best (nor the worst certainly) that I have ever had and the chicken pieces were a little less than meaty.  Oh well I will dream that some day Martin Scorsese will cast me and I can get into the original and see how it stacks up!If I had ordered anything else for dinner I probably would have given this place at least a 4 but it was sort of like meeting your child hood hero and finding out he has a beer gut and too much nose hair, he still might be a great guy but you built him up to be something better.
5	Got there a little early, before anyone else showed up. We were greeted by unfriendly staff, almost went elsewhere honestly. I am so glad we didn't let the rude hosts ruin our amazing meal because, oh my god it was yummy!! The meatballs are to die for, and I would recommend you try the Ravioli Purses, they were absolute perfection!  Our Waiter was really on top of things too, very friendly, very helpful, and attentive. Can't wait to go back!
2	We went to Raos on Christmas Day evening because we had tickets to Absinthe, outside of Caesars Palace and this place was close by.  During our entire dining experience I was thinking how we'd made a mistake by not going to the new and improved Bacchanal buffet for the same price.  Service was so-so with the waiter paying us minimal attention when we decided not to order drinks (we were offered no wine menu).  Upside was the Fritto Misto appetizer bigger than most main courses with the gigantic shrimp and calamari fried perfectly.  We ordered the lamb chops, spaghetti bolognese, lemon chicken and the eggplant Parmesan.  The eggplant was hands down awful, small poker chip sized slices breaded and deep fried to a tasteless and dry consistency.  The small amount of tomato sauce couldn't help these things.  The spaghetti was only slightly better.  Thank god the portions were small.  The best dish was the lamb chops, perfectly cooked.  The chicken was only OK.  $200 for four adults with no drinks, Olive Garden could have done better.
2	I ate here mainly for convenience sake because I was seeing a show later the same evening at Caesar's. After skimming some reviews and learning of the New York roots this establishment has I would say that my expectations were set high. I have no complaints about the service or the atmosphere. Both were top notch. I really don't have a complaint about the food either. However,  three main dishes with an appetizer and desert and three sodas came to $220.  Which would be fine except that the food was really no better than a run of the mill macaroni grill or whichever chain Italian restaurant you choose.
5	I'm originally from NYC, and getting real deal Sicilian American food anywhere in the West is nearly impossible.  Thank goodness for Rao's.  As I am no rock star, I have not been fortunate enough to get into the original, but Rao's in Las Vegas is itself amazing.  Large, loud, lots of ambiance, and the staff is top notch.Go there to eat a slow, lengthy, relaxing meal, talk, drink wine, and share a lot of courses and dishes, for goodness sake.We skipped salads this time, but Baked clams are a must and are served exactly the way I remember them growing up in Brooklyn - plump, delicious, in a wonderful broth just made for dipping bread - if you haven't already finished the huge bread assortment with Rao's EVOO and balsamic. Remember, you need to pace yourself!All of the pastas are awesome and just right for two people as a second course.  We had the spaghetti bolognese, very old school, and there was so much meat in the gravy, oh my, and you know by the depth of flavor that this cooked all day long to get it so sumptuous.Still with plenty of room for our entrees, we passed on our usual choices - the monster veal parmesan chop that spills over the large plate on which it is served, my favorite shrimp fra diavolo, and even Rao's signature meat balls.  I wish we could have had them all!  Instead, we shared the crispy eggplant parmesan and the melt in your mouth veal short ribs, served with incredible polenta, and split a side order of spinach.  All to die for.  Stuffed, we still found room to share a cannoli, and sipped on expressos and sambucas to finish a PERFECT meal.It's pricey, but hey, what what great things aren't.  Rao's is a must stop every time we come to Vegas.  No, I take that back.  We come to Vegas just to go to Rao's.  Maybe some day we will know someone who can get us into the original up in Harlem.
5	Excellent service! Excellent entries! True, it's a little pricey, but it's a sophisticated restaurant at Caesar's Palace - go figure. I had the beef lasagna, it just melts in your mouth it was so good!! The waitress we had was very attentive, quick, and very nice. That's how it should be at every restaurant! I would go to Rao's for special occasions. If you go on a holiday, just remember to make reservations well in advance.
4	Before my show last night, I had dinner at Rao's, something that had been on my radar for awhile.  I made a reservation for 5 PM so I had lots of time for a leisurely meal before the 7:30 show.I was greeted promptly and taken to a table on the far side of the bar and down a few steps.  It's the last area before you go to their patio.  I had a view of the pool area and one of Caesars iconic Roman statues in a columned structure.My server, Howard, quickly appeared and asked for my drink order.  He brought my iced tea quickly.  Having read about the size of Rao's portion, I was careful to choose wisely.  I went with the baked clams for an appetizer and the ravioli purses for the main course.I was soon brought a nice bread basket.  Howard asked me if I wanted some balsamic with the olive oil and I declined.  I poured some of the oil onto the plate, salted it a bit, and then dipped some of the olive bread that was part of the basket.Within a short time, my baked clams were delivered.  They are littleneck clams that had an oregano bread crumb topping.  I squeezed some lemon on the clams and dug in.  It's been a long time since I got baked clams and they were great!  The lemon mixed with the juices from the clams and I had another dipping "sauce" for my bread.  Very tasty!The main course came. Rao's calls them beggar purse ravioli.  The ravioli were stuffed with a mixture of pear and ricotta cheese and they were in a sauce of brown butter seasoned with sage and topped with dried cranberries.  This caught my eye when I was reading the menu because it was such a different dish.  It was excellent, too!  The pear taste with the cheese was very mild and the butter with the dried cranberries was a true winner!  A good dish that's really different.  Also, I had dipping sauce #3--the brown butter with sage was a wonderful place to dip a few cubes of the good bread.For dessert, I asked Howard for his advice.  He gave me a listing of the entire dessert menu without having to bring one to me.  Of the things on the menu, he recommended one, the peanut butter tart, something his wife makes--she's one of the pastry chefs at Rao's.  The tart had a graham cracker crust, a layer of chocolate ganache, and it was topped with peanut butter mousse.  It was superb!  I'll have the other dessert he recommended on my next visit.The dinner was very very good!  Service was exemplary.  The staff or Howard was always around to refill water, get more iced tea, remove dirty dishes, and simply to do a great job!  I am a big fan of Rao's.
4	Went to Rao's with my wife. It was as good as advertised. She had chicken marsala and I had short ribs. The first course was huge, and delicious, for both of us. She had the Caesar salad and I had the seafood appetizer of calamari, shrimp and cod. The first course was big enough to be the main course. Next visit I want to try the old school Italian food like lasagna or the spaghetti and meatballs. We'll be back.
3	We've been going to Rao's about twice a year since it opened 7 years ago.  It is one of our favorites.  The seafood salad is amazing. No lettuce, just all fresh calamari, shrimp, lobster, crab!  Pasta is great. Portions were always huge and we would take leftovers to our hotel refridge for later.  I've downgraded Rao's to 3 stars as they have really shrunk the portion sizes and especially the outstanding veal chop. Still tastes great but it is about half the size of what it used to be and quite fatty.  This has been the same over the last two visits and our waiter agreed with us. Of course price hasn't shrunk. Just disappointing as we loved it so much.
2	They have great service, and nice atmosphere. But Man... What happened to the food? It seems just really all pre-cooked, but I ordered the hardest thing on the menu to get right.. Eggplant Parm. . . so sad.. had to send it back, because My eggplant was not cooked. Ordered the linguini with clams in Red Sauce and it was just.. thick and clams were old. Like there pasta, and meat sauces, just stay away from everything else I suppose? mmmm. . . Next time, i'll wait in the long Buffet Line!
1	First of all we went in and they were rude. We ordered the waitress was horrible. We received our salads and it took them 50 minutes to get our food. Everyone around us received their food before us when we arrived before them. The food was horrible. My seven yr old could make a better dish....for the price we paid...the 4 of agreed we should have gone to subway and had more of a quality dining experience,,, 190 tab for four people. ..horrible horrible!!!!!!!
4	Rao's may not win big points for creating the most imaginative dishes or the most powerful flavors but it makes for where it counts with really consistent, solid food that is worth eating all-around!  The coworkers and I went family style - sharing several fine dishes.  The giant meatball side (you get 2) could be it's own meal.  Topped with some Parmesan cheese, the meatballs are excellent.  We also got a special - a linguini pasta with crab and a light fettucini/olive oil sauce.  The clams as well were delicious - a little on the smaller side but full of flavor and baked to perfection.  The food amount for the most part nearly worked out too - hitting the middle ground for a good-sized portion for sharing or eating alone.  Additionally, you get a bunch of different types of bread like olive bread to a cracker that you can dip in your own olive oil/balsamic vinaigrette!  We ended the meal with profiteroles that were drenched in chocolate sauce - it was a great finish.The price for all of these dishes ended up about $50 per person - not too shabby when you think about the amount of food we were hitting up.  The server was super super friendly and the staff were diligent about refilling water and taking away plates after they were done.  The seating we had was nice as well - right by the pool that in the Winter was closed and made for a nice, serene view.  Seating seems pretty plentiful as well as a nice middle circle bar.  To find Rao's, it'll be deeper into the Casino by the Bacchanal and a sushi stand (as well as a dessert place across the way).   Rao's isn't the best Italian I've ever bad but it sure is plentiful and tasty enough to just make you enjoy yourself in Vegas.  The prices aren't exorbitant and you feel like you're being treated well.  If you're looking for Italian and a nice place on the Strip, Rao's is solid all-around.
3	The vibe when you walk into Rao's is that it is going to be a great italian restaurant. The decor and architecture is pretty neat. After sitting down and ordering a nice bottle of wine my family and I preceded to sip our wine and figure out what we were going to eat. We each only ordered a pasta dish (due to our indulgence at breakfast and lunch). The wine expert or sommelier ... not sure... made us feel comfortable and not rushed at all, we felt welcome to enjoy ourselves. We finally told the server our order which consisted of the spaghetti, the pear pasta, and the rigatoni I believe. After ONLY about 3-4 minutes our food came out, revealing that it was pre-made and probably heated up. The busboy transferred our food from a heat saving dish to our plates in front of us. After tasting our food it was OKAY. It wasn't bad but it also was nothing to rave about. The only other italian place I have eaten in Vegas is Carmine's which is located in the Forum shops of Caesars and I would 100% say it is tastier. I am sure there is much better, more authentic italian food that is not pre-made found all over Vegas. I would not recommend Rao's to anyone visiting Las Vegas.
4	One of the criterion I have for rating a restaurant is whether I will return. I will return to Rao's. I went to Rao's during Restaurant Week last August and my husband and I were still treated well even though we ate off the RW menu. That is not always the case. The food was excellent as was the service. The Roasted Beet Salad and the NY Cheesecake are out of this world.
4	Wonderfully decorated restaurant with fabulous staff including the owner we met on this trip! Special thank you to the owner for singing to our birthday girl, Jessica C, and offering up complimentary tray of desserts!I like the ordering options here. You can order individually, or choose some dishes that are made for sharing. However, when I dine with friends all our food ends up being sharing!  Also it is a good place to pick for diners who like solely plant based food and/or meat. Our dining experience happened after a show at the Palace, so we dined late. This may be a tip for late diners, some menu items may be out! Eeeeeekkkk... this happened to my friend, Mel K, but luckily she found another suitable option.Our table sampled a variety of dishes:-roasted beet salad-caesar salad-special of the day - salmon-grilled veggies-several of the pasta dishes-and not to forget the meatsI really enjoyed the roasted beet salad for the flavour and fresh ingredients. I also liked that my greens were not soaked in dressing =D  Caesar salad was good but nothing interesting to make it stand out. The salmon was terrific as well as the grilled veggies.One con is the restroom situation. For the size of this restaurant and location within the Caesars Palace, there is a single stall bathroom for each male and females. This means for the ladies, a LOOOONNNNG line. Not a favourite when dining.  However, the bathroom was large and cozy for those "private" moments.
4	Everything was delicious from Caprese Salad, mussels, linguini with clams and the ginormous meatballs, and last but not the least Tiramiso for dessert - superb!
3	Had a good solid meal here. Braised veal ribs I had we're very good, large portion that could be shared. Friend had the meat lasagna and commented it was very good.Overpriced for food quality, but in line with the celebrity themed restaurants in Las Vegas.The dinning room is setup to look like someone's idea of what the original looks like. Problem is the original is very small. Faux  memorabilia on the walls.
5	One of the best Italian restaurants I've eaten at. The potions are comparable for the price, and the service is second to none. This is the second time my wife and I have eaten here and definitely wasn't a let down. I highly recommend the meatball appetizer as well as the lasagna. My wife ordered the stuffed shells, which were also great! If I could give 6 stars, I definitely would have! Please keep in mind that you need to make a reservation....
1	Greatly disappointment. Caesar salad was limp with flavorless dressing. Veal was nothing special. Meatballs are huge, but only average. Christmas decorations still up... And it's March already. Noisy.
3	I still am a fan but removed Rao's from my Las Vegas Rotation only because both our chicken dishes were on the dry side this time.The service at Rao's is very welcoming and professional. The bread basket is good and the pasta we tried was phenomenal! Our server did ask about what I thought about the food I did say the sauce was very good.....but she did ask me about the chicken and I was honest and said it was on the dry side. She did offer to me another dish but I didn't take the offer.I don't eat here often and last time it was very  VERY good.3.5
4	Ah Rao's. Living in the NYC area we have wondered what the food would be like as the Rao's in the city is hard, if not impossible, to get into. The destination is actually popular as a charity item with a reservation usually going for somewhere on the order of $10,000. Yes, that's a reservation and not the meal which we hear is of low to average cost for something in NYC.Thus we had to head to Rao's in Las Vegas to see what the food is all about assuming...and hoping...it would be close to the elusive fare closer to our home. One of the dishes in particular that we wanted to try were the meatballs since our high mark on those has become Macaluso's in Miami Beach, FL.So, how did everything turn out? First, it was fun going to the location. Caesars itself has always been a cut above. I remember from 30 years ago when the buffets were $2.99 at all of the other places and you would go to Caesars and spend the big $7.99 to get something really amazing. Well, at least for my first impression that scale of class still continues as you approach Rao's and see what looks like the facade of the NYC location rebuilt in the middle of the casino on the inside.Our reservations took us to the back... It started out as a quiet meal but the only downside to the entire experience was an extremely loud table of around 10 guys shouting at each other (describing their volume and not demeanor) for the entire dinner. Oh well... I had a caesar salad -- wow, it was huge! (and good) and a salmon dish for the main entree. The main dish was excellent but what about those meatballs?Well, I think Macaluso's has a runner in the top competition and the only way to figure out which is best is to do a side by side blind taste test on this one. Instead of trying to actually arrange that somehow I will leave the result for someone else to figure out and simple enjoy the best meatball experience at both places depending on where we are in the country.
3	Went here for the first time with my boyfriends family for dinner. I would definitely say it's mediocre at best. I've had much better Italian food for much less $$. The bill ended up being nearly $200 at the end of it all. Definitely would not return here next time I visit.And oh yea, we went in late March and the Christmas decorations were still up. ...Like what??
4	Rao's was good / very good. The Fritto Misto was excellent and finally NOT overcooked and rubbery as can happen so many places. Uncle Vincents Lemon Chicken left something to be desired but wasn't bad. Now the meatballs: They live up to all the hype and then some. They were the best meatballs I have ever tasted. I would go back just for them. My wife's shrimp pesto pasta was amazing in every way.
5	Honestly one of the best Italian meals I have had in a long time.  Everything from service to food was amazing.  We waited at the bar for a short time, had a cocktail and the bartenders gave fantastic advice on the menu.  The hand pounded veal parm was awesome, the meatballs were possibly the best I have ever had.  If I had to find a negative it would beThe pasta fagiol soup was ok, honestly the portion size was embarrassing for $15 - our server Leon was great, super attentive and it seemed as if he was handling 6+ tables, this guy was very impressive and a True professional.  I am in Vegas several times a year and I will be sure to come back to Rao's again and again
5	I had a fabulous dinning experience. Everything was perfect from the greeting all the way to desert. I started with a glass of red wine and shared the fried mozzarella, meat balls, and mixed fried sea food. Everything was prepared perfectly. For the main course I had the night special of salmon served on green beans. Again it was delicious. I ended the evening with an espresso and Tiramisu. If you are in the strip, and wanting a fine dining experience, come to Rao's.
5	Great place! I was staying at Caesars. I had no plans to eat there but was pacing buy and thought we would try it out. Originally we went in just for a drink and some appetizers, but it was so good ended up staying for dinner. Great place, reasonable prices, considering it's Vegas and everything is expensive.
4	Rao's at Caesars Palace has a Ravioli Purses I think everyone should try. Beggar Ravioli purses are filled with Bartlett pear  and Ricotta Cheese tossed in brown butter fresh sage and dried cranberries light dish full of flavor. The other dish we tried on this visit was great as well. The Chicken Scarpariello sauteed bone in chicken, Italian sausage, hot and sweet cherry peppers, yellow and red bell peppers. fresh oregano white wine sauce. This dish was cooked prefect chicken was not over cooked. Our server Angelia was very professional and personable she knew her menu and had suggestions. I had made the reservation with note there was a birthday at the table they sent out a birthday dessert which was there carrot cake. Very moist with cream cheese icing very well done Thank you.
4	My husband and I were celebrating our anniversary and as a surprise he made reservations here, the service was outstanding the staff was very nice and attentive. We ordered a drink from the bar since our table was not yet ready, I ordered a margarita on the rock its not the best one I have tasted it was more lime juice than anything. We were seated at our table we ordered a Cesar salad and some meatballs they  were very delicious the food came out in a timely manner. I had the lime chicken it was very tasty and juicy my husband had the pork chops and he said it was the best he has had. I definitely recommend this place and will return.
5	Ok what can i say about Rao's...WOW!!!!! this place is amazing!!! we ordered the gnocchi with meat sauce, lasagna, fusili with sasauge and cabbage, meatballs, and grilled veggies. First the gnocchi, im a gnocchi lover and ive tried gnocchi pretty much everywhere and these were up there with the best..the sauce is just spot on. The lasagna is to die for..the layers and goodness and the sauce and cheese..wow. the fusili with sausage was awesome also..full of flavor and just yummy in my mouth. All these great food for a great price..we got all the above entrees plus a salad, soup and an ice tea all for under $180..plus the portion size is well above normal. We left the restaurant with full stomachs unable to eat dessert which is unheard of for us..anyways im definitely coming back for sure. The only thing i was gripe about is the info shows casual attire..well casual to me is just that casual..i went with jeans and nice shirt and shoes and my hat..they asked me to take off my hat at the dinner table which i dont mind doing ..but dont say its casual attire then. i say it should have a classy title than casual
5	This is down home Italian cooking. Veal parm, eggplant parm, meatballs, etc. It is not cheap but if you want all of your favorites made homemade in a nice setting then this is the place for you. If you think Buca di Beppo is just fine for the price, then probably not your place.
3	I stopped by this italian restaurant in Caesar's Palace for a bite to eat after getting in.  There is some history about the original restaurant in NY and how a branch came to be located in Vegas.I sat at the bar for dinner.  The service was fast and efficient.  The bartender was very prompt with drink refills and service.  I did not suffer any lack of attention for eating at the bar compared to a table.The food was delivered fast.  It was hot and freshly made from what I could tell; I assume they have the components ready to go given the crowds that can occur.  I went with they rmeatballs as a side and their Rigatoni Filleto di Pomodoro. The meatballs were large, juicy, and hearty with a rich tomato sauce; a great meatball.  The rigatoni was cooked al dente and well prepared for such quick service. The fillet di pomodoro was rich and complex.  The tomato flavor was bright and rich; pancetta smokey.  Onions sweet with just enough bite to them to round out the dish.The service was fast, staff friendly, and food great.  I did get sick later that night and can't for sure say it was the food, the recent flight, or just happen stance.  But on another trip I would eat at Raos again.
1	Our friends wanted to try Rao's.  Waitress was nice and brought everything correctly, but......we were discussing business and we were interrupted mid-sentence no less than 20 times.  The sommelier reached across the table at least 4 times while we were having a discussion.  The waitress would just walk up while we were talking an rudely interrupt and just start talking.  The water girl at least tried to wait for a pause before reaching across the table.  The food was bland and shrimp fishy.  The parm bread and coffee was good!  We will not go back.
4	Glad we stopped in. Great service and amazing food! A little pricy but what can you expect when you dine on the strip.
3	The ambiance is charming. We sat with a view looking out to a patio. The service was very good efficient without being intrusive.  My husband and I split a seafood salad, which was very good. However, my lasagna was mediocre and my husband was disappointed with his spaghetti.
5	I was excited to try this restaurant, especially after seeing the "original" NY version on Wolf of Wall Street. I was not disappointed. I really had no idea what to order so I just went with Caesar salad, Lasagna, and a scotch. Seemingly standard items, but they tasted very fresh, and as though better quality products were used. The wait staff was very friendly, and the ambience felt nostalgiac. I would love to return when back in Las Vegas.
1	Don't let this place fool you.  They boast of being a gluten free restaurant so we were looking forward to trying it.   When my wife asked for a gluten free menu, our waiter said they don't have one.  He said he could point out the items that were gluten free.  He said this soup and the salad without crutons, but none of the pastas.   Really, I could have figured that out ... salad without crutons was glueten free - duh.  We asked why they advertise they have glueten free options.  He said he had to go ask the chef.  We didn't even both to wait for an answer and left.   The employees were not that friendly either.  Proceed at your own risk, but I wont be dining here.
5	Dining at Rao's was a pleasure. The service was extremely friendly and the restaurant clean and inviting. We had the calamari for an appetizer. It was light and fresh and served with a great dipping sauce. The pasta was excellent, and the meat and seafood were well cooked. The entire time we were eating, we couldn't stop gushing over how nice our waiter was, and how much we loved everything. We can't wait to come back!
2	What a huge disappointment.  Stay at home and make ur own pasta, it will be just as good, if not better.  We were seated at a table overlooking the Caesar's pool area.  The DJ playing was so loud that all we could hear was the thumping of the base.  Not very romantic.  My husband ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, and being $43 I expected something worthy of the price.  Instead, we both agreed it lacked flavor and woefully inadequate seasoning. My penne vodka was even worse.  I only ate a few bites and that was good enough for me to be done.  Will not be returning to this Vegas location.  Will stick to the real deal in NYC.
2	Good service, average food, gross bread program, super high prices. Worth skipping; there are better dining experiences in Vegas.
5	Stop by for a bday dinner, before going to a show. The food was amazing!! Service was excellent! Food arrived quickly! We all ordered and shared our meals. Meatballs are a must! Tanglioline with peas & ham was delicious, creamy and flavor full. Penne vodka excellent! Ravioli purses, very tasty had a nice sweetness to it. Fusilli Sausage and cabbage was very hearty with an excellent marinara sauce. We ended the meal with a cannoli, which was an excellent choice. Definitely will be back when I'm in Vegas again.
5	No complaints whatsoever. Our waiter was extremely nice, he is the main reason I'm giving 5 stars. The restaurant itself is great, very nice setting with dim lighting. Our food was brought out pretty quickly and it all tasted great. Everybody loved their plates! Prices are a little high, but it's the average of what you'll find at any restaurant on the strip. Would definitely go back!
2	decent food but very expensive. the motif isn't too appealing either. service was efficient and friendly. definitely not as good as the one in NYC.
2	Rao's Las Vegas is a home-style Italian American eatery that feels like you've stepped back in time, the walls are covered with framed items and year round Christmas decorations.  The menu is designed for you go with a group and eat family-style.For our First Course we had the Fritto Misto which was a pile of battered and deep fried shredded zucchini, calamari, and a few pieces of shrimp and cod served with marinara and tarter sauces.  It was a large appetizer which could easily be shared between 5-6 people, but it was nothing special.  A bit greasy, a bit bland, I didn't want any more after a few bites.For our Second Course we had the Penne Vodka.  The penne was pretty al dente, probably the least cooked you could eat pasta without complaining it was still raw.  The pink prosciutto, tomato-cream sauce was tasty.  Portion wise this could have easily been split by 3-4 as a first entree.For our Third Course we had the Ossobuco, a huge veal shank with saffron risotto.  The veal wasn't as tender as I would have hoped, it didn't fall off the bone and wasn't deep and rich in flavor.  I couldn't taste the saffron in the risotto and it was wet in texture from the veal jus poured over it.  As a second entree, this could have been shared by 3-4.  For a Side, we ordered the Rao's Meatball which was tender and moist, but a bit bland, and big enough for 4 to share.We skipped the Fourth Course, dessert, because we were full and with three lack-luster courses under our belts decided we were done.For 2 people, without drinks, our meal was $158.00, and the leftovers we took home could have easily fed 2 more.  For the price, there are definitely better eats in Vegas.If you do want to try Rao's, come with a group to help you eat the volume of food and spread out the cost.
5	The best Italian food I've had thus far. My taste buds are giving each other high fives! We enjoyed Grayos Seafood Salad to start, and for our multiple entrees: Chicken Scciatta, Osso Bucco,  and spaghetti with bolognese sauce. Portions fit the price for the best Italian food I've ever had the pleasure of tasting.
2	This place is way overhyped. Had the lasagna, thinking the only other Location of this iconic NY Italian restaurant would excelling the classic. Wrong.  The noodles were mushy with no bite at all, the sauce was extremely salty. Good abundance of meat, though.  Wine selection is underwhelming in the $50-75 per bottle range--don't expect anything in bottles for less than that. The roasted beet/goat cheese salad was good, but plan to share. There are better restaurants in which to spend your money in Vegas (and at Caesar's) and I won't go back.
2	Olive Garden has nothing to worry about! The food is no better, but the prices? Ouch!  This is a great place to go to show you don't care about the value of a product.  For example, a Caesar Salad is $15.  Is it better than the Caesar at Italian Village in Chicago?  Not even close IMHO.  The croutons were good though.I had the Spaghetti Bolognese upgraded to linguini with no problems.  It was a nice dish of pasta, not too large, but $28?  Not worth it at all; if it came in at around $12 at most, it would be acceptable.  So spending over $40 for a plate of pasta and a salad (no drinks) is unthinkable unless there is something magical about the food.  The only magic was the disappearance of my money.For appetizers, we had a family platter of calamari with a few shrimp and a fillet of a white fish.  Great texture to the calamari, but I'm sure other restaurants can make the same quality for much less.  The meatballs in marinara sauce were really good, tender, flavourful and a nice size.If this restaurant has some notoriety, it is not for the food.  Looks like the Wolf of Wall Street took a bite out of me...
2	Pros: It's very fancy with great atmosphere and great customer service.Cons: the food and price.Experience:The food really let me down. I came here for my friends 21st birthday and when we got the menu nothing in it made me think it was going to be elevated food because it all looked like food you can cook at home. But of course I try it and I was right. If it wasn't for the great customer service this place would get a star. It's overpriced because it's in a hotel, that's it.Conclusion:You'll spend a lot of money for no reason and forget you came here
1	6:30pm reservations on a Monday night, the restaurant was half empty. Our group of four was seated, menus, bread and water were dropped off. Someone said "we'll be right back with the drink menu" and we didn't see anyone for 15 minutes. We attempted waves at all the staff passing by including the manager, and it was as if we were invisible. So, with all the options in Vegas we weren't super interested in being ignored, so we left. As we walked out we told the manager we had been ignored and he just said "oh, sorry to see you go."  Seriously? A bottle of wine, a comped dessert, an apology? Nothing out of this guy. Well, they lost a couple hundred $$ from this 4 top.
5	I could eat Italian food for breakfast, lunch, and dinner every single day... and it's because of places like this that the cuisine has won me over. I so wish there was a Rao's in my hometown! It's old school and they know how to do it right. The decor is certainly nothing fancy. It is based off the original restaurant in NYC, and both locations keep Christmas decorations up year round and have pictures of celebrity diners covering the walls. However, what it lacks in "prettiness" it more than makes up with in the food...The food, oh, the glorious food! I admit that I'm a carboholic, and their bread basket offers a variety of tasty options. They also have one of the best caesar salads around, so my husband and I usually split one to start off our meal. The most recent dish I tried has been my favorite to date... Penne Vodka. It was a simple dish, but the sauce was just perfect! My dining companions all favored this dish as well out of our particular selections, but they did enjoy their own entrees very much to say the least. I know my husband loved his monsterous portion of lasagna.Rao's will continue to be a go-to spot for my husband and I when in town. It never disappoints when you're in the mood for a good, hearty Italian meal... and for me, that's often.
5	One of the best Italian food restaurants that I've come across. Our server was very knowledgeable and recommended a few dishes for us to try. We had the Ravioli Purses (amazingly delicious), the lemon chicken (you have to love lemon), meatballs (OMG) and for desert we shared the tiramisu and cheesecake. Tiramisu had great taste and texture, wasn't too fond of the chocolate chips on top but overall it was excellent. Alcohol drink prices are comparable to other places on the strip yet if you're only looking for food, you must give this Italian restaurant a shot. You won't be disappointed.
1	If you want all the pleasures of a mediocre olive garden meal at 4x the price, this is your place. I've never been so bumbed with a meal. Waiter was great, and meatballs were good. Penne and vodka was tasteless. calamari was terrible. This place wouldent last 2 minutes anywhere near NJ.
2	I should start by admitting that I'm sad to write this review. I was excited to go to Rao's. The service was impeccable (except for the hostesses, who had pretty negative, snooty attitudes).  I had three great wines and the wine steward was very helpful and down-to-earth. We started with the meatballs, as an appetizer. Good news: they were very nice--juicy, soft, tasty and the sauce was simple and nice.   They were not mind-blowing, though. They were fine. We split a bolognese for our first course. We both found it to be bland but acceptable, if a bit oily. It wasn't offensive, just really disappointing.  The pasta was spaghetti and it was cooked correctly. Again, plating table side was very nicely done.  We each ate maybe half of this dish. We decided to split the second course, which was Chicken Scarpariello.  I was really surprised at this dish. It's well-reviewed and our waiter recommended it. All I can comment on was what was served on this night and on this night it was incredibly salty and sour. The number of cherry peppers was so high that the brine overpowered the entire dish.  I felt almost sick after eating. Between two of us, most of the dish was left over. I think we each suffered through one piece of the cut up half chicken. The dish includes a cream or butter but, for us, it just could not diminish the impact of all of those pickled cherry peppers.  We took it home and I gave it another shot the next day and felt exactly the same way. The cannoli for dessert was overly sweet.  I like the glaceed (sp?) fruit pieces and this version had none. They opt instead to infuse the ricotta with Cointreau. It was fine, but not great. I missed a trace of cinnamon and vanilla. The shell was fresh and crunchy and good. The bread basket was acceptably but uninteresting. They served a great, earthy  olive oil for dipping.  Its a shame. Much was fine but the Bolognese and the chicken were do disappointing.  I'm glad I went but I would not go again.
4	Great food!  The lemon chicken wasn't amazing but it was very good.  The meatballs and pasta were outstanding!  Recommended for anyone who wants to try the food but can't get reservations for the original in NYC.   They were also very accommodating and allowed us to order a half order of the pasta even though it was not on the menu.  The size of the portions are very large so you definitely want to come hungry.  Prepare to take home leftovers as well.
5	I ate here with my family when my relative was getting married!  We had a reserved dining room because it was a very special occasion and there were about ten people in our party.  Everyone had a great time!! The good was delicious and the service was excellent!  I love Rao's pasta sauces, now I can say that I love their restaurant'
5	Rao's really is an excellent place for dinner.  My wife and I have eaten here on a few different occasions, and each time it has been a nice experience.  This place is Italian through and through, and of course I'm talking about the food.  It's located inside Caesar's Palace, near the buffet and the pool.  Truthfully, you could probably eat here cheaper for dinner than you can at the buffet.  I remember asking about the dinner price at the buffet, and it was $51 per person.They start you off with a large bread basket here, which has a wide assortment of breads.  We even had some olive oil to dip our bread in.  It was very good.  I split a caesar salad with my wife, and it's a good thing because it was way too much for one person.  For my main course, I ordered the lasagna.  Once again, a huge portion.  I could barely even finish half of it.  It was good, but certainly not the best lasagna I've ever had.  Either way, I was plenty full.  My wife had a penne vodka type dish.  I tried a few bites and it was excellent.  I think I'll consider getting her dish the next time.  There are several other things I'd like to try on the menu (meatballs), but they'll just have to wait.  Just like most of the restaurants at Caesar's Palace, this place is pretty pricey.  Two people could eat here for less than $100, if you don't order alcohol.  It's worth it in my book, though.  I had absolutely no room for dessert, so I can't comment on that.  I look forward to coming back here again in the future.
4	We come here about 2-4 times a year and it's always great! We love the meatballs and I'm pretty consistent to get the shells with ricotta. We love their food and are always happy to grab a dinner here at Raos!
2	Yuck. Recommend you do not eat here.  The prices are exorbitant and the food is mediocre at best.  Very poor value.  Our meal started poorly as they tried to seat our table of 5 in an absolutely insulting spot looking into the kitchen (which looked sort of unkempt).  I told them no way we would sit at this table and after several minutes, they moved us.Unfortunately, our new table was in the area near the pool and was unbelievably loud and chaotic. We ordered first courses including the Caprese saladGreen salad and pasta ala vodkaEach of these dishes was just ok but very expensive and not great foodFor our second course (main course), we orderedRigatoniVeal MilaneseVeal parmigiana The rigatoni was ok, the veal parmigiana was so-so but the veal Milanese was dry and tasteless as cardboard.   Very disappointing for $50 per main course. You would think at these high prices you would get fresh made pasta but instead the pasta appeared to be the same packaged stuff we buy at Albertson's. Table service was so-so with our waiter overloaded with too many tables.  The sommelier was the highlight as she guided up us to two fine bottles of Italian full bodied reds. I felt cheated after paying our $700 bill. We won't go back to Rao's in Las Vegas because it brings shame to the Rao's name established in East Harlem many years ago.  Rao's in Las Vegas is a rip off and you will be sorry if you go.  There are much better choices at Caesars and across the strip.  I am amazed at some of the reviews on yelp who say this is good Italian food....obviously people who have never had good Italian.
5	Amazing !!! Always great no NONESENSE Italian food !!! Must try Seafood Salad, Veal Parmasean, Meat Balls and pastas !!! Great Atmosphere
4	Had the usual order of meatballs which were better than ever.  Hands down the best in the world in my opinion. And I have had meatballs in many countries. The only reason this is not 5 stars is because the entrees weren't that great this trip.  I had the veal parm which is a large piece of veal with bone attached hammered down to be quite thin. Problem was it was over cooked a bit. Still delicious. Wifey ahead veal piccata and loved it.
4	A very good meal (my meal in particular, which was standard pasta and meatballs, was outstanding), but given the mystique surrounding Rao's, I was expecting near-perfection, and didn't get there.  My advice to visitors would be to stick with the classics--I played it safe, and was rewarded, whereas some other members of my group made decisions that they didn't enjoy quite as much.  Definitely a good option for classic Italian food--service was very good, and Rao's has a fantastic wine list.
2	I have wanted to go to the Rao's in NYC for about twenty years.... So I tried the Vegas location and all I have to say is, Wow what mediocre food you have !! I started off with a salad that was fresh and delicious 5 stars.... Then my spaghetti bolognese came and it was sooooo bland way to much basil.... Like wtf are you thinking amount of basil. I  had to cover the entire thing is cheese just to get it down. PS they gave me boxed spaghetti for over $30 a plate I should be getting home made pasta. I tried the meatballs as well ...... They where ok, maybe if i grew up in ohio I might think this was a good meatball..... The only thing they had going was clearly thy had spent some time in sauce so they where tender. I have to say take your money and go to Lavo much better italian food.
1	don't go there.  worst service.  our waiter was a complete ass.  because I was not ordering fast enough and making up my mind what I was going to eat, he told me what to get and started to write down the order.  I had to stop him and tell him I would decide what I should eat, not him.  disgusting.  he wanted to turn the table over quickly.  he brought out our meal 4 minutes after he placed the order.  we had not even finished our cocktails.  the waiter's name was matt.  we were in and out of the restaurant in a half hour and our plan for the evening was a dining experience. that never happened.  the food wasn't even that great, too.  Cost a lot of money though!
3	Great service and amazing wine list .The food didn't impress me ,but it was good .I will try to go next time in Vegas .
1	I would have given it a 2 star but the staff seems to believe its own "bs".  Besides being more than overpriced, the food was tasteless.  The parmigiana cheese on the Caesar salad was like eating a church wafer, the shrimp in the scampi was like eating old bread when you have a head cold.  This restaurant needs to go back to the basics and start over with a new chef.  It was terrible, don't mind paying for good food, paying for this insulted me..
5	Its always Christmas Raos !! Outstanding food and atmosphere. Frank Pellegrino Jr has got it dialed in. the food is always delicious. Best veal parmesan you will ever have in your life and the meatballs are absolutely a slice of heaven. When you eat in this restaurant it's like going to your moms house and eating the portions are huge and they are just absolutely delicious.
5	Rao's is at the top of our all-time favorites. Already made our reservation for NASCAR weekend in December.
4	Good but pricey. Caprese salad was delicious. I had the veal piccata  but with pasta instead of potatoes. The veal was tender and the sauce was great with the pasta. Our friends had the signature chicken and the egg plant parmigiana. The food was very good but I expected a little more for the prices.
3	I've been here twice now, but I just can't help mustering up anything more than lukewarm feelings for this place. We went for a family style kind of dinner and got to sample a few more menu items than we normally would: bruschetta, caprese, osso bucco, chicken sciarapello, meatballs, and some desserts. I will confess that the meatballs were awesome, but that's about as enthusiastic as I'll get. Everything else was just kind of meh and left me craving some good Italian food. I will say that while the food was just okay, the service was great. We loved our waiter - he was attentive, made great recommendations, and was really funny.
4	Very nice menu, the Raos wine is fantastic, cool place to go for a great meal, staff is always friendly, they no longer open at lunch which is a bit sad,
4	Great food.. Good wine.. The meatballs are amazing... Along with the bruschetta.
5	Taglioline with peas and ham was absolutely delicious!Great service both at bar and in the dining room. Having dinner with friends, one had the lasagna, the other had the veal, both stated theirs was delicious as well.
5	Great meal! Good vibe and great ambiance. We were a large group and it really was a fun friendly restaurant !
2	Do you think making garlic bread is a big deal? Well here at Rao's it Is.the chef refuses to make it what? Is it to difficult? Why go to a restaurant  were they won't  accommodate the customer?  Never has this happened!  Plus this restaurant food is no big deal I will. Never  go back Rao's good job making a customer happy!
5	"I'll eat anything if you are nice to me"...."and my favorite restaurant's are the one that are nicest to me"... So this place has a great culture and outstanding food!!!I am lucky enough to have been a number of times to Rao's New York, and what people don't realize is that what makes it great is not just the food, but the warmth with which you are treated from Frank Sr. and his crew. You feel like you are family in his home. And he is quite a singer, and treats his customers to that as well. Well, I am not sure if Frank Jr. can sing, but he emits the same warmth as his dad. What a class act! And the staff was great. "Buffalo Mike" served me at the bar, and couldn't have been better. And the food was just as good as in NY. They were filming for the food network while I was there, part of  "10 Best places to eat before you die". Watch it! So what are you waiting for? You will feel right at home.
4	Very flavorful Caesar Salad with anchovies and Penne Vodka. Excellent choice of Italian wines by the glass. I was dining alone and felt a bit rushed. Also overpriced for lettuce and pasta with no meat but that's Vegas.
2	Meatballs are otherworldly but otherwise not a great experience.  My wife made a reservation here to try their meatballs, and they did not disappoint. Fantastic combination of beef, pork, and veal that give a buttery texture and fantastic flavor.  The downside is that we ordered too much food.  The pasta dishes are entree sized, which would be good to explain, as traditional Italian restaurants with multiple courses typically downsize the portions so you can enjoy all courses.  Our pastas (Shells with Ricotta and Spaghetti Bolognese) were very, very good, but simply too much food.  We compounded our error by ordering a single entree to share (Osso buco), and this was good.  Just good, not great.  It this was the whole story, then my summary would be high quality food but overpriced and portions were too large.  Unfortunately, we then had an incident with a server dropping a plate with marinara sauce near our table, and the associated shrapnel hitting my wife and myself.  Initially, it did not seem that bad, and the first response was for an employee to come with a stain stick and club soda.  The first response was quick and helpful, and the employee who dropped the plate came to apologize (mistakes happen, don't sweat it), but eventually it was clear that the sauce had really hit my wife's blouse and pants pretty badly, and by this time, the waiter had brought our check with no adjustment but a comp dessert (which we were too full to eat).  The lady with the stain stick then just left us an almost empty one because "she was too busy".    Eventually (with no complaint or prompting by us) the manager did in fact make things right comping the meal, which we appreciated, but this or something similar should have been done as soon as it was clear that the problem was as bad as it was. Bringing us a $200 check and running my AMEX was unnecessary, even when the bill was credited eventually.  The manager did offer to take care of dry cleaning but we were leaving the following day so that would not work.  She did give us her card and invited us back, which was appreciated.Bottom line, it's expensive, but the meatballs are among the best I have ever experienced and the food is very good - just don't order too much.  Our waiter (Jimmy) was outstanding and I think he was a little embarased that management did not move more quickly, but like us he was satisfied that they made it right (and we did tip Jimmy anyway).  What I really hope is that they did not fire the server who dropped the plate.  Mistakes happen - they just look worse with red sauce.
5	Had an excellent meal here! The caprese salad might just be the best I've ever had including in Italy! The mozzarella was so fresh and creamy. My boyfriend and I shared the rigatoni and the chicken scarpariello which was so tender and tasty. The wine specialist also recommended an excellent wine - I wish I could remember what it was... Will go to RAO's again!
5	My girlfriend and I are hardcore devotees of Rao's pasta sauces. Store-bought or not, these lil' jars of flavor can easily elevate any old pasta meal to the next level, thanks a blend of fresh ingredients and an emphasis on natural, genuine flavors. However, despite having spent the better portion of her life in NYC, my girl has never had the chance to visit the actual Rao's outpost in New York's Upper East Side (although you can't really fault her for not being one of the place's dozen or so lucky regulars...!). Thus, in celebrating our six months together earlier this summer, we jumped at the chance to visit the restaurant that bears the very same name as our favorite brand of Italian food products.The atmosphere at Rao's is homey and down-to-earth. Upon entering, the dark woods and dim lighting immediately transported me from the charged, uptempo atmosphere of the Strip into something akin to Michael Corleone's dining room. The charm at Rao's was all the more amped up by our table, which was located in the restaurant's "Christmas" room (see photos!). Complete with a staggering variety of portraits depicting NYC's who's who, the room does an outstanding job of making you as though you're part of "the club."The best detail of all, however, was was the loud, borderline obnoxious New Yorker seated one table over - whose accent made him stand out from every other conversation in the room. We couldn't stop giggling at his exclamations to his tablemates ("The food here is absolutely pheNAWmenal!" "Waiter, we're gonna need maw woine!"), and it was thanks to him that our dinner felt pretty much as New York as a meal could get.The vibes of family and gracious charm were driven home by the fantastic service that we received from a gent whom I believe is named Alex. Despite the flurry of questions thrown (We must've asked him about 6-7 entrees that we were choosing from, each of which he explained in lovingly extensive detail!), Alex never gave us anything less than his undivided attention. I'd give his service six stars, if I could.  We started out with a couple glasses of the house wise, which was refreshing, crisp, and palette cleansing. The Caprese Salad appetizer was earthy and fresh. The creamy burrata and heirloom tomatoes combined to create a wonderful melding of flavors. The house blend balsamic used at Rao's, however, was a show-stopper; we learned that the vinegar used by Rao's undergoes a specific, twelve-year aging process (so as to maximize its depth of flavor). The results of this process were easy to identify, and I had to pry myself away from a second bread basket to make room for the rest of my meal. In the hopes of getting a full idea of what the menu at Rao's had to offer, we ordered three entrees - my girlfriend got the Spaghetti Bolognese, I ordered Beef Lasagna, and we tacked on a serving of Uncle Vincent's Lemon Chicken, too. (Needless to say. we were in full indulgence mode.)Our food was brought out quickly, and in mammoth portions; my Lasagna alone seemed like it could've been used as a boat anchor. These big serving sizes were much appreciated, however - as the flavors of Rao's entrees were just as massive and satisfying. The bolognese blends used in our two pasta dishes were fantastic, striking a welcome balance between meatiness and crisp tomato flavor. My lasagna had to have been seven or eight layers deep - with ricotta, parmesan, and mozzarella lending a creaminess that counterbalanced the umami meat flavors of the bolognese.The Lemon Chicken was juicy and had a great char. The strong lemon flavor paired off well in between bites of tomato sauce-laden pasta, but I'm not sure if I would have enjoyed a full serving of this dish on its own. The tanginess might have gotten a little played out without accompaniment from another entree.The icing on the cake for our Rao's experience was that of our unexpected dessert course (no pun intended!). While being seated, I briefly mentioned that my girlfriend and I were celebrating an anniversary. Although the GF and I were given a dessert menu to scope out towards the conclusion of our meal - a very clever deception tactic on the part of the Rao's staff - we were entirely blindsided when Alex presented us with a heaping (and free!!!) portion of Caramel Apple Cheesecake, complete with a message from the chef. As he explained, "a little birdy" had happened to mention that we were commemorating a special occasion, and we were absolutely swept off our feet by this unexpected gesture of hospitality. With plenty of leftovers, my girlfriend and I waddled out of Rao's with the biggest grins on our faces!According to its menu, Rao's has been serving up homestyle Italian food for over a century. All this practice definitely amounted to something - I haven't had an Italian meal this memorable in a long time, if ever. Paying another visit to Rao's is near the top of my things to do the next time I'm in Sin City.
5	Fantastic.  Food , service , drinks By far the best restaurant in Las Vegas Meatball ....mm mmPasta mm mmBartender !!!!! The best My number 1 spot!
5	Loved this place. Our first visit to vegas. Meatballs were to die for.  Great calamari. I got the clams and linguine.  Great meal. Beautiful bread basket. Refill of water without asking. About 30 per plate
5	Can't say enough about this jewel!!!  How lucky was I to have participated in the grand opening. Was introduced to the owners, chefs, and the main gatekeeper... The man that allows you to make reservations!!!  We became best friends (due to the fact I was an Executive Casino Host at Caesars) and never did I have a problem getting a table.  The food is perfect, the entrees are amazing, their customer service is outstanding.
1	Had the Tagliolube with peas and ham. Probably the worse i have ever tasted. My friends veal parmegane tasted like like shoe leather. The equivelant of Olive Garden or less.
5	Really enjoyed the atmosphere, service, and food. We split the cesar salad and the lasagna. The salad was huge and perfectly dressed. The lasagna was huge, enough for two, and very flavorful.
3	For months we had listened to people rave. This was the best, most exclusive restaurant in Ny and now it was coming to Vegas. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to expectations. We got the signature meatballs and lemon chicken. Both dishes were okay, but it wasn't exactly the mind-blowing experience that had been advertised. I would say the menu is also pretty pricey, but not outrageous for Vegas. It was just a so-so experience though.
2	I know it's their signature, but still... year-round Christmas decorations are strange.  If you don't know to expect it, you get the sense that they are just lazy about taking them down... 8 months later.  The food was just OK, where I didn't find Rao's to be particularly better than the Maggiano's or Buca Di Beppo type places you can find in suburbs across the country.  Not sure why you'd go out of your way and pay Las Vegas premiums for that...
3	The service was excellent as was the ambiance.  The food was ok. Not my best meal in Vegas.. we started with mozzarella en carrozza. Meh... nothing Special.  I had penne vodka....meh... have had much better.  My partner had linguine with clam sauce.  She said it was good.  I was hoping for a more flavorful meal.  Just your average spot.
1	Let me start by saying, I had hoped for great things  at Rao's. I mean the place was packed, we had to wait to get in. The food looked and smelled great. But then after waiting over a half hour, we finally get seated, and then reality hit! Rao's is great if you have no sense of taste and love bland food. They are known for their meatballs so a few of us ordered those. Let me tell you, the meatballs in the frozen section at the supermarket were better. Very bland. The lasagna? Again, not the worst I have ever had but very far from the best. Again, the ladies at the local church make better pasta dishes than Rao's and their lasagna does not cost $30. But the worst of the meal was the peas, onions and prosciutto.  What were they thinking? The  prosciutto was so tasteless! How do you make it so bland? Anyhow if you are thinking of eating at Rao's, don't. If you want to spend big bucks on a meal in Vegas, go over to the Bellagio and try their buffet, the locals love it. Or try FireFly Tapas over on Paradise Rd. I'm a foodie that's been coming to Vegas for 10 years. Don't waste your money here, unless of course, you enjoy spending big money on food with no flavor at all.
3	In town for a conference (yes, that's pretty much me all the time), and one of our partners was treating us to a night out - ya! With reservations at Rao's, I was set for a night of deliciousness. We sat down quickly, and had an assorted bread basket at our table shortly after (olive oil, but no balsamic vinegar. Still a nice touch though!). I ordered the veal, and it was perfect. Thin slices, just the right amount of sauce, and flavour that was flavourful without being overpowering. We ordered the dessert trio for dessert (get that!) - chocolate cake, and a couple of others that I was too full to remember. Nice service, and a quiet spot in the busyness that is Caesars during conference season!
1	Came here last night and was extremely disappointed. First of all, the entire menu is EXTREMELY overpriced (which I suppose is expected for Vegas) but almost $30 for plain penne vodka? Come on. Secondly, fair warning, the entire menu is totally veal oriented. So, if you don't eat veal, your options are very limited. We ended up ordering the shell pasta with ricotta and the shrimp fra diavolo. The shell pasta was not cooked properly, they were very hard. The diavolo sauce was good and spicy but the shrimp was chewy and gross. Also, our waiter wasn't attentive of us like he was to other tables surrounding us. I'm supposing because we are younger (26) but that shouldn't matter since were all paying the same prices, right? Long story short, I left hungry and spent close to $200, total insanity. Do your stomach and pocket the favor and skip out on this place.
1	Either I do not understand anything about food or this restaurant is really a major upset. The food is nothing to be written about, bland with no flavors. The service was okay but for the price we paid ~$60pp the experience was super disappointing. Mr Rao should either lower their prices or start providing a culinary experience worthy of that price. Our group of four left almost 60% of the food on the table.Drinks were fine though!
4	Hosts were prompt and cheerful in seating us.  Food was great.  Loved the Calamari, Shrimp, Zuchini appetizer! The shrimp flavor and texture was "the best" I have ever experienced!  Meatballs were impressive (size)  and pasta was very tasty. Service was excellent. Our water glasses and coffee cups were never close to being empty. Wine and Cheesecake dessert topped it all off.  We were staying at Cesars, however I would recommend Rao's as a good Italian Restaurant even if you are staying elsewhere in LV.  It's worth the trip into the casino!
5	I looked at the reviews before going to Rao's and I was a little skeptical.  Actually, I was a bit terrified but I went there anyways as I wanted to see for myself.  First, I think my experience was different as the service that we received was outstanding.  Our server went out of her way to make sure we were having fun, and made sure the birthday man (my husband) was enjoying his food and his time.  We were seated on time and the first thing I asked for was a drink.  Well, to start off that drink was strong so I thought that this may actually work out well.  We ordered our appetizers and enjoyed them as they were cooked well.  It was nothing special just a caprese salad and some cheesesticks for the others.  We ordered our main course and everyone enjoyed their food.  Was it the best food we have ever, EVER had - no, but it was still delicious and it was piping hot.  The signature lasagna, the rigatoni, and....I actually completely forgot about the others and what they got but I do remember everyone enjoying their meal and saying they should've done without the appetizers.  When we return to Vegas I would love to stay at CP and roll over to Rao's if not for drinks, but the good service we experienced.  Great experience and happy they were cheerful and helping to ensure my husband was enjoying his birthday weekend in Vegas with a few drinks to bid him farewell.
5	The food was quite awesome! All of the food were well cooked and the perfect portion. I would recommend the signature meatball and the lasagna. Our waiter was very friendly and made jokes. He made sure our food were nice and that we were happy. So I would really recommend this restaurant at Caesar Palace.
4	As recommended, the meatballs and lemon chicken were incredible.  The spaghetti was fantastic as well.  The ambiance was warm and welcoming with the perfect balance of class and comfort.  The reason that this review isn't getting 5 stars is because the waiter was really bad.  To wait for 10 minutes to be asked if we wanted another glass of red wine even though a refill was clearly needed at the time that our meal arrived is unacceptable - at least it a unacceptable anywhere that the price of a glass of wine is the same as the price of the wine bottle at the store.  Also, there was no butter or vinegar served with the bread at the start of the meal, only olive oil.  While I've had some "unique" bread,  to serve cold bread without butter cheapens the meal.  Even after asking for it twice, our butter arrived with the busser right before he cleared our starters....the food however was fantastic.   We'll be back for the food...and to hope for a different server.
2	Had dinner there last week ...... went there with great anticipation because of its legendary status in New York ....... mildly disappointing but easily correctable .... the place itself is fun ... its old-timey Italian restaurant decor with all the celeb photos hung on wall ... very professional and most attentive service...... good food but not great ...... seems like the kitchen is trying to '' play it safe'' and the result is a very ample portion of just slightly above average entrees ...... my veal dish was good but not as good as I had hoped based on the Rao's reputation ( hype ? ) .... so they have a nice,fun setting,great servers and decent offerings but if they really got into that kitchen and tweaked their prep a bit ...... they'd improve on a product that is just a tad on the bland side. I hope they address this as it is a fun restaurant with good personnel .
3	*SERVICE:Server was helpful but VERY offstandish and snobby until he realized a person in our party worked for corporate. Then he was all over us. That's not acceptable- you should be treating all parties that dine in your restaurant equally.*FOOD:The food was good, except for what I ordered.What we ordered overall:-2 seafood salads-2 caesar salads-1 veal dish-1 penne vodka-1 order of meatballs-lots of drinksI had the Penne a la Vodka. Way too dry and tasteless. The seafood salad was delicious and the meatballs were to die for! Seems as if the dishes were one way or the other: GREAT or totally disappointing.*INTERIOR/AMBIANCE:We were sat 4 to a booth and it was a bit cramped, but I didn't mind because I loved the ambiance of the restaurant. It would be a great place for a romantic dinner although it was L O U D. Very loud. I loved the low key lighting and the traditional, classy yet cosy feel of the place.*OVERALL:I will say that this establishment is not worth the price (in terms of food quality + consistency). That said, I do understand that anything on the Strip is overpriced. I would come back, but only to order specific items. Enjoyed the ambiance.
5	So damn good that it would be idiotic of you to not get the amazing caprasee salad. Service was great. Very Expensive. Totally suggest it!!!
4	The place is huge (it's Las Vegas after all) but perhaps the well known Raos charm suffers a bit. Food is good and plentiful. The portions are a bit overwhelming. The only odd thing is that the was one maitre de who was super loud and sort of annoying. Plus he kept telling a nearby table about the special stuff he gave them which made us feel a little less special!
